NightKind
Holly Tuesday Baxter

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Holly Tuesday Baxter

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.

For Molly Ann
Table of Contents
Chapter One - Ella
Chapter Two - Pretending
Chapter Three - Mother
Chapter Four - The Rose Garden
Chapter Five - Betrayal
Chapter Six - Escape
Chapter Seven - Fionnuala’s Story
Chapter Eight - Truth
Chapter Nine - Morning
Chapter Ten - Father
Chapter Eleven - Oisin
Chapter Twelve - Court
Chapter Thirteen - Oisin’s Story
Chapter Fourteen - Clan Council
Chapter Fifteen - Others
Chapter Sixteen - Trial
Chapter Seventeen - The Circle
Chapter Eighteen - Dimmer
Chapter Nineteen - The Key
Chapter Twenty - Sacrifice
Chapter Twenty One - Stony Point
Book Club Reader’s Guide
About Holly Tuesday Baxter
Connect to the Author

CHAPTER ONE - ELLA

Night had fallen and the noises had begun – the scrabbling, scraping, dragging noises, moving from the floorboards up the walls and onto the roof. The occasional bump or jarring wail would send a shock from the base of Ella’s skull to her pelvis, where it would sit for the next hour while she listened – willing all of her power to concentrate her auditory synapses, so even the minutest detail of the night outside the window wouldn’t escape her.
She was safe; she knew this as well as she knew that her feet would stay firmly planted on the earth. The house was bolted and secure. The shutters were tight over the windows, the metal ribs of each mechanical shield heavy and impenetrable. It was as it had been every night for her entire life. She was locked in, securely, out of the darkness and completely out of harm’s way. Whatever chaos ensued outside, whatever mayhem the NightKind reveled in, none of it would affect her. 
In the face of this numbing imprisonment, all she had to cling onto was a thin shard of longing that she had buried deep inside. It was in the middle of the night, while the rest of the world cowered behind concrete walls and armored windows, that she would find that shard and run her fingers over it, testing its sharpness and half hoping that it would cut her. 
She refused to turn on the noise machine her parents had presented her with. “All the bells and whistles. You can’t help but get a good night’s sleep with this beauty,” Father boasted as she peeled back the colored wrapping. The machine was designed to increase its volume in response to the world outside, masking any noises that might wake the sleeper. A long black wire hung from it ending in a leather bracelet studded with metal rivets. “See Ella, you attach it to your wrist and it reacts to your heart rate,” Mother said as she manacled the machine to Ella. Despite hurting Mother’s feelings she couldn’t bring herself to wind it up at night, to lay in ignorance as the white noise it produced lulled her into sleep. Instead she lay stone still, hardly even daring to breathe, as the howls and screeches outside reverberated through the walls and into her body with alternating chills and warmth. It allowed her to participate, however vicariously, in whatever mysterious events were transpiring just inches away on the other side of the concrete wall, out there in the moonlight. 
She remembered a time when the night sounds and the beasts that made them terrified her – as they do all young children. She was still in the lower school, so she was eight, perhaps nine years old, the age when children made sport of horrifying each other with stories of the monsters prowling through the darkness. Her head had been filled with images of hideous creatures, fangs bared and talons sharp, lurching on all fours or spider-walking down her street. She crept into her parents’ bed at night, wriggling between them until the warmth of their bodies made her sleepy and forgetful. Her brothers teased her, with subtle encouragement from Mother and Father. Hayden, three years older than her, would tell stories of children carried off at dusk and Marcus, younger than Ella by four years, followed his older brother’s lead, drooling and dragging his foot, his hand wrenched up into claws, his eyes wild and rolling. Considering that he still hadn’t outgrown his baby fat, the effect was doubly disturbing. Ella cried for them to stop, but Father merely raised an eyebrow over his newspaper and Mother would become very busy with her own reading, leaving Ella in wonderment. They were strict on their children in everything but this. But now she realized it was something all the adults did, parents and teachers alike. They ignored the games of horror and death that prevailed on the schoolyards and playgrounds, but were quick to respond to issues of proper decorum in all other realms. It was inbred through the society and propagated a fear of the night so deep that it became a part of you, like a birthmark or a crooked nose.
But despite this conditioning, Ella knew there was something more than just monsters and fiends in the shadows. It wasn’t possible that there was only horror out there under something as majestic as the moon – there must be beauty as well.  And now, as she lay in her bed listening to the chorus of voices outside, she felt that a part of herself was out there with them, howling from the rooftops and leaping down the hillsides. She could almost feel the cool brilliance of the stars on her skin, her vision in shades of grey as she imagined the hills surrounding their home, the quiet streets of the valley, the orchards and far mountains. 
She knew her mother worried about her and spent endless evenings discussing it with Father. She could hear their voices drifting up the stairs while she did her homework. While Ella was memorizing the names of the pre-Quake states, Mother fretted, “You should’ve seen the look in her eyes.” As Ella reviewed the mandates of Neo-Agrarianism, “I tell you it’s as if she didn’t even hear me, but I was right in front of her.” Interrupting her as she computed crop yield rates per acreage came mother’s voice, “Sometimes I think she’s just not right.” And in each case, Father’s voice shadowed behind with soothing reassurances, “She’ll grow out of it, Ania, just give her time.”
So Ella learned to be guarded around her parents. She kept her thoughts to herself and remembered to participate in the banality of conversation around the dinner table, in the cocoon of their home where only the most raucous sounds of life from outside could penetrate the Mozart concertos that Father was listening to or the old standards that Mother liked. Her family was all she had, at least for now, and she feared losing them. She could be patient. If they felt her behavior was just a young girl’s rebellious nature, the test of time would bear them out.  
Then, on her thirteenth birthday, she received a gift greater than anything Father could’ve put in a box. It was almost midsummer and time stood still in the way it only can when the sun bears down and the air is thick with heat. Father had a day off, rare for him as he managed their many land holdings. Mother had packed a lunch and charged the solar car for two days to make the distance to the old dam for a birthday picnic. While Mother fussed over the food, she and her brothers scrambled up the steep incline of the dam and, once at the top, they could see the whole valley. Laid out before them were the flat orchards that filled the spaces between what was left of the old suburban neighborhoods. Resting above it all were the hillsides on the south end where her family and the other landholders lived. To the north were the craggy rocks of old Chatsworth, the only bit of unfarmed land in the whole of Angel City. The world, as she knew it, was nestled in this small pocket of yellow mountains. 
Under their feet the old dam was in pieces and the river, released to its natural path, poured through the chinks with intense power. The strength of the water fascinated her, thoughtful and meandering on one side then spewing forth and cutting sharp chasms in the clay on the other. The dam was wide enough at the top so that she had to run back and forth from side to side, peering down at the water. She spotted sticks and leaves floating downstream and rushed over to watch them spit out of the old cement, leaping and jumping in the foam. She ran back and forth, mesmerized by the transformation happening below her, until Mother called them for lunch.
The sun was suspended in the sky as she and her brothers explored that day. It was one of the few times that they seemed of like minds, sharing in the feeling of freedom and expansiveness that came with losing themselves in the tall grass. They called out to each other in full voice, without fear that they would disturb the neighbors or their parents’ sensibilities. The day was long and luxurious and felt as if it would never end. 
Ella had been hiding from the boys behind an ancient oak tree and watching the movement of shadows creeping along the packed earth. She was beginning to wonder if they had forgotten to look for her when she heard Father calling, a note of urgency disturbing his usually calm tones. She hurried out of hiding and ran to where she had last seen her parents, both asleep on a blanket under the blue sky. Now the sun was just an inch or two above the horizon and Mother was throwing their picnic into the basket with uncharacteristic recklessness. She was frantic, commanding them to get in the car. Her parents must have fallen asleep and lost track of time and now nightfall was near, very near. They tumbled into the car and Father sped off for home, she and her brothers bracing themselves in the back seat as they flew over ruts in the old road, Mother murmuring nervously and glancing ahead of them at the quickly reddening sky.
They didn’t make it home that night. The western mountains had reached up and pulled the sun down at an unrelenting pace. Father succumbed to defeat and pulled into what appeared to be a large cornfield. Ella stared out the window at a sea of green as the car trundled down a pitted road between the rows. Sooner than she liked they emerged from the cool darkness and arrived at the foot of a modest, but tidy, clapboard house. Mother gathered their things and hurried them through the gate and onto the porch where Father was already pounding on the front door. His booming voice called out, “Open up! Now!” A voice matched him from the other side and Ella imagined a large farmer standing in defiance to Father, with only the thin whitewashed door between them, “Who says it,” was the answering challenge. Father laid his fist on the door again, rattling the frame, “Landholder Fine. Open the door, Man!” The door immediately swung open and the farmer stood obediently to the side as they piled in. 
True to Ella’s imaginings, he was a large man, but stood with his head bowed, awkwardly subservient in his own home. Within moments of shutting the door behind them, he disappeared. His wife took over hosting duties and exhibited none of her husband’s submissiveness, but rather a quiet elegance and pride that was lovely to watch. She had glossy dark hair that she wore loose down her back. Her face was brown from the sun and anchored by a strong, straight nose centered between high cheekbones. A wide-eyed, slightly-built girl clung to her full skirts, peering out at the strangers in her home. Ella and her brothers were shown into the girl’s room, Ella to sleep on the narrow bed, the boys with blankets for the floor.
Ella stood in the middle of the room and watched through the window as the last sliver of the crimson sun sank behind the mountain. From the room next door Father shouted, “Good God, Man, get the shutters down! Boys, give him a hand!” The boys banged out the door and Ella’s breath caught in her chest as the metal ribs of the window shutters lurched down, each one stealing another piece of the sunset from her. The farmer’s wife startled her, appearing soundlessly at the night table with a small lamp. “Beautiful isn’t, it?” the woman asked, her vowels strange and resonant. Ella nodded briskly, annoyed by the interruption, and then realized her impertinence and corrected herself, “Yes, ma’am.” The woman chuckled softly before saying, “Dinner is being set. There’s water in the basin to freshen yourself,” her words rolled out like the sound of thunder in the distance, thick and soft, with an accent to them that sparked yearning in Ella’s heart. It took her a moment to remember herself and answer, “Yes, ma’am” as the woman left the room. 
The shutters of the little house clunked solidly into place as the farmer, somewhere outside, continued to crank the mechanism that rolled them down. Mother’s voice came through the thin wall from the bedroom next door, reliving the wild ride and laughing at herself now that the panic had faded. At first Ella thought Mother’s ringing laugh had muffled the soft thud of the shutter for the bedroom window, had somehow changed it into what was an entirely different sound, a subtle rattle. Not alarming, just different. She glanced at the door, checking that it was shut, before stepping towards the window. At the bottom of the frame, where the shutter should have been, there remained a small triangle of ochre light. The shutter had been damaged and was not entirely closed. Ella leaned in for a closer look and her heart fell for a beat as the light was extinguished by the farmer walking past on his way to the front door. But after he moved past she knew she was right, she hadn’t imagined it. There it was – a small portal into the night. Ella could already see the sky changing color, from deep red to a fiery orange, through her tiny window. She sat down in the desk chair at the window, staring into her discovery, so close that she was almost touching the glass. Was there something moving out there? Ella held her breath, trying to focus past the glare reflected back from the lamp behind her. Her mind was racing with images of what might be just a few feet from her when a knock at the door shattered her focus. Ella stood quickly and spun towards the door, her jaw clenching in frustration.
“Come in,” she called, her voice more biting than she wanted it to be.  
It was the girl, her powder blue eyes wide and innocent, first looking at Ella and then at the bent shutter. Her finger rose quickly to her lips, her brow furrowed and her face pleaded with Ella. Ella could see the desperation in the girl and her heart went out to her. She nodded, using every means other than her voice to reassure the girl that the secret was safe. Understanding was acknowledged with a brief smile between them. “Dinner is ready,” the girl announced, loud enough to benefit any listening ears, and stepped away from the door.
Ella and her family dominated the farmer’s table, Father sitting at the head as the woman dished out a rich vegetable stew and brown bread. Mother, sitting head at the women’s end, had put out delicacies salvaged from the picnic basket, petit fours and candied ginger, but their hosts only seemed baffled by them. Despite its rich, earthy flavor, the food stuck in Ella’s throat, she couldn’t get the image of that small triangle of sunset out of her eyes and what might be out there in the falling sunlight. She snuck a glance at the girl, wondering if she’d ever seen anything. But the girl was either painfully shy or ridiculously polite, staring down at her hands or at the food throughout the meal. Father’s voice grated on Ella as he spoke brusquely to the man about the farm, crop yields and weather patterns and Mother’s attempts to engage the woman in conversation quickly uncovered that they had absolutely nothing in common. The meal stretched out dreadfully, as Father continued his monologue, punctuated only rarely by the farmer’s short affirmations. Eventually, the dinner was finished and the woman and her daughter collected the plates and retreated into the kitchen.
In bed, Ella could hear Mother and Father through the thin wall. “I don’t know if I’ll ever relax, knowing we’re in a wooden house,” Mother complained. Ella cringed, hoping that in the living room, where the farmer and his family slept, they couldn’t hear her parents’ criticisms. Mother continued, “And no noise machines, how do you think they sleep at all?”
“Come to bed, Ania,” Father replied, “It’s quiet out there anyway.”
“I’ll just check on the children first,” and Ella turned in the bed, facing the wall and pretending to be asleep as she heard mother’s soft step come down the hall and into the room, clucking her tongue at the mess the boys had made of their covers. She hummed as she straightened their blankets, a song Ella recognized, Blackbird. The words murmured softly in her head as Mother supplied the melody, “Blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly.” Mother was at Ella’s bedside now, pulling up the covers and smoothing them gently, “All your life, you were only waiting for this moment to arrive.” The lyrics spoke to Ella, bringing up a lump in her throat. If Mother only knew how perfect those words were. Ella fought hard not to swallow, praying that Mother would pass her by, sure that she would be able to tell that her daughter was not only awake, but buzzing with energy. But she leaned down and kissed Ella’s forehead, whispering, “Happy Birthday darling,” and noticed nothing before leaving the room.
Laying there in the dark, Ella waited. Her brothers beside her breathed slow and deep. Marcus mumbled something unintelligible while Hayden lay still as death. She’d never slept in the same room as them and she was struck by how they retained their personalities, even in sleep; Marcus restless, wheels forever turning but in a sad, slightly fearful way; Hayden shepherding his younger brother through life, setting a strong example of stiff masculinity, unwavering and steadfast. Ella felt so out of place with them. Not just because she was the only girl, but because they seemed to share a vision of the world. They walked hand in hand without questioning where they were going, Hayden with eyes fierce and jaw jutted out, Marcus mimicking his older brother’s stance but with momentary glances at himself, at Hayden, at others – to measure the success in his impersonation. Ella, on the other hand, felt adrift in the world. She blithely followed the rules and standards set down by her parents, but more out of love for them than any commitment to their righteousness. She found it hard to reel her thoughts back in and without the bell of an alarm clock or the whistle of the tea kettle, she might float for hours in an in-between place of faraway visions and half-remembered dreams.
Her father said she favored her mother but Ella didn’t see it. Ella felt like she floated through the world, her hair wispy and straight, a dusky color that set off the amber cast of her eyes. Although Ella was tall for her age, she never drew attention and people were often surprised to see her step out of the shadows. On the other hand, Mother was pale, blonde, and stout, always bustling through a room, taking up all the space that was there. Mother’s hands were always moving, sliding a vase over just a bit on the coffee table as she walked by, straightening the drapes even when they visited other people’s houses. Ella could sit for hours without moving, feel every bit of skin on her body as her senses became ultra alert, attuned to every breath of air, every whisper of sound. This ability was even more adept after the sun had set and even now, Ella was easily moving into this alertness. Her family would be asleep soon and there was a rent in the shutter. She might never get another chance.
It was an eternity before she heard the steady rhythm of Father’s soft snoring and Mother’s light breath chasing behind through the thin wall. She began moving meticulously, lifting the rough blanket off her body and carefully replacing it to her side, drawing her knees close and sitting up, all the while listening for any movements from her brothers. Father was right, it was strangely quiet. Ella had always assumed that the further away from the center of the valley, the wilder the countryside and the more raucous the night. It seemed that it was not so. Ella tested each floorboard before putting her full weight on it. She stepped cautiously around her brothers and made her way to the window. Bending over, she searched the glass for what she hoped was still there, a faint change in the darkness, an oblong triangle of deep indigo, surrounded by the black of the metal shutters.
She could see the opening, but not well enough to make out anything, the angle was all wrong. She had to risk sitting at the desk in front of it. She slowly, painstakingly, lowered herself into the chair, freezing at every creak from its warped legs. Finally it held all her weight.
Peering forward, she focused her attention on the small slice of nighttime in the window. There was no perspective to what she was seeing; the small aperture was featureless. She willed the moon to show its face or the stars to illuminate the corn fields, anything that she could focus her eyes on to get her bearings. Her head began to ache with the strain of staring into the blackness. Still she sat, petrified with longing, unable to believe that this opportunity would be presented to her if nothing was to happen. She could hear the thump of her own heartbeat and feel her legs begin to tingle as they fell asleep.
Then, something changed. The triangle, previously dark blue, was now black. She couldn’t make out the corners of it any longer. Something was eclipsing the minute amount of light that had been coming through. And almost as soon as she noticed it, it was gone. She resisted the urge to shout, “Did you see that?” She willed herself to stay very, very still. She must not wake her brothers, or this single chance at knowledge would be gone.
She sat transfixed, knowing something or someone was out there, and at once delighted and terrified at the prospect of seeing what it was.
Again, the light changed and, as she watched, a small edge of the triangle began to reappear. Whatever it was moved very slowly. As she watched this small rift widen, a glow came through it. A pale bluish light, simultaneously luminous and grainy, in a pattern of parallel lines. She mouthed two words, “The moon.” And with this backlighting, her vision became clear.
She was looking through what appeared to be very thin, perfectly shaped, feathers. Each spanned the entire length of the opening, but they were widely spaced so she could see the rising moon behind and between them. Ah, the moon. She had dreamed of seeing it in its full nighttime splendor, without the harsh glare of the sun which diminished it to nothing but a pale disc in the sky. She had spent many nights wondering if there really was a man’s face to be seen in its shadowy visage. She was caught briefly in this moment of glory, peering past the foreground of oddity into the majesty and coolness of that glowing orb. A small twitch of the feathers drew her focus back in, to the perfection within an inch of her nose. This was the more important view to witness, for the moon rose every night and her picture books had at least shown her what it consisted of. But this, this being who was attached to these delicate plumes, was nothing she might ever see again. 
Against the window were three feathers and she reached out her hand to stroke the glass against which they lay. Their shafts were luminescent, a silver grey which bled out towards the individual barbs and became a brilliant violet. From there, the violet moved into fiery red, and the tip of each delicate fiber culminated in glowing yellow. She was mesmerized by the intensity of color, even under the moonlight. As she watched, the feathers began to move again, and, as they did, the colors shimmered and caught the light as if each was encrusted with miniscule diamonds. What a beast this must be, she thought, to have such brilliance, such aplomb, in the middle of the night. 
She was holding her breath, she realized, her chest burning under the strain. As she released her lungs in a gush, the feathers twitched again, this time more of a shudder, as if shaking off water, and then they were gone. She blinked and tilted her head. They had simply vanished. There was no movement involved in them leaving. They were there one moment and then, instantaneously, not. 
A floorboard creaked behind her and Ella spun her head around, her wonder quickly replaced by dread. Her mind began to formulate words to explain what she was doing and a plan to protect the lifeline into the darkness that she had found. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust in the darkness and she held her breath, waiting for the accusation to come. But in the gloom, it was the girl that materialized, her face ghostly and pale. Within a moment she was gone, slipping silently out the door. Ella closed her eyes, praying that the girl made it back to her blankets without waking any of the adults. Her body tightened, waiting for the alarm to be raised, but all the while focusing her mind and committing to memory every miniscule fiber of what she had seen - from the haunting grey of the shaft to the warmth of the feather’s yellow tips. How tiny they were, yet long and somehow ancient seeming. She put her thoughts completely on this memory, imprinting it as deeply as she could before she might let even the smallest bit of it drift away. Then she, ever so slowly, placed her hands flat on the table in front of her and placed her chin in the cup between her thumbs. She gazed dreamily out the window, the shape of the feather now fossilized in her mind’s eye and, for the first time in her life, watched the night unfold.
CHAPTER TWO - PRETENDING

That was how she slept, sitting in the straight-backed chair, arms folded under her head. Her dreams were full of fantastical beasts, soaring in the air, swooping down to pick her up and taking her beyond the mountains that she had known all of her life, to places she’d never knew existed. She was now thirteen years of age, and her whole world had shifted.
In the morning the bedroom door opening woke her. Her chair careened backwards as she jumped to her feet and panic rose in her chest. The girl had told! Ella caught the chair with one hand and spun on her heels to see Mother, who let out a shriek when she came in to see Ella was not in bed.
Ella raised her hand to shield her eyes as Mother turned up the lamp she was carrying. By the time she brought it down, Mother’s eyes had locked onto her. A cold blanket of shame crept up her legs and into her stomach. She felt a momentary child’s impulse to look at the ground but found her mother’s excited state impossible to look away from. Never had she seen her so quickened – blush high in her cheeks, hair falling down around her face, eyes dark and wide at the corners, her chin strong and shoulders broad. She was so beautiful, so immediate, so alive. But as Ella locked into her searching gaze, Mother’s face softened, first with recognition, than with confusion, and, at last, fear. The devolution made Ella’s stomach turn.
“Ella, you frightened me. Whatever are you doing there?”
“I don’t know, I guess I just fell asleep…” her voice trailed off as Mother reached down with a shaking hand to wake Hayden. Ella took a few steps to her left to protect the broken shutter from Mother’s notice.
“It’s morning. Sun’s up everyone!” Mother called out, her chirping sing-song a thin veneer over the fright that lay just under the surface. The boys began to stir as Mother continued, “Don’t stand there like a toad, Ella. Take your turn in the bathroom. The shutters will be up in a moment.” She began to fold the boys’ blankets as they jostled their way out the door to the breakfast table. Mother continued, chattering to herself now, “How Fredric and Anna must be worrying. I do hope they remembered to close up the house. The whole neighborhood must be talking by now.” Mother stopped what she was doing and turned to Ella, “Do get moving, Ella, I can’t wait to get home and into some proper clothes.” 
The shutter behind her began creaking up and Ella felt safe to leave her post. She drifted, ghostlike, into the hall and to the bathroom, pulling the narrow door firmly shut behind her. She took her time, using the toilet, washing her hands and face, rubbing the slime of her teeth with her index finger. It wasn’t until her hand was back on the doorknob that she felt herself let out a held breath and realized she had been avoiding the bathroom mirror. Why? Was she more afraid of what she would or wouldn’t see? Did she really expect that the events of the night before, which thankfully were still crystal clear in her mind, had made some kind of mark on her – had changed her visibly? She was sure there was something different about her. She surely felt different, lighter but somehow more solid, more real. She felt a growing excitement in her belly, something small and searching, looking to take root. She opened the door with a flourish and took a decisive step into the hall.
The girl was there, waiting. “Good morning,” Ella said, and the girl nodded her head curtly, her pale blue eyes searching Ella’s face. The longing of the girl pulled at Ella, and Ella considered pulling her into the bathroom, locking the door and telling her the story of the magical night. Surely this was someone who could finally understand, perhaps she had even seen the same thing. 
“Ella, your breakfast is getting cold,” Mother called from the table.
“Yes, Mother,” Ella answered, and when she turned back the girl dropped her eyes and slid past Ella into the bedroom, closing the door with a click.

And so Ella began searching. For what, she didn’t know. But it took only days before it colored everything she was and everything she did. Her previously smooth brow became puckered in a permanent questioning expression. Her senses felt on high alert, her eyes decidedly faster, her ears constantly perked. She was quick to focus in on any fleeting clue to the mystery she dwelled upon. She doubted everything and everybody, not out of mistrust, but for discovery. Life was not what it had at first seemed. The visions of horror and lunacy that had taken root in her head since birth were active and alive but, with a concentrated will, were slowly being eclipsed by that one beautiful feather, crystalline in the darkness. 
She played her part of the obedient daughter, unwilling to warrant further attention from her parents. She woke each morning and donned the same wide-brimmed sunhat, long boots, and grey slacks that comprised the uniform of the Girls Educational Center, known as the G.E.C., along with the two dozen or so other privileged daughters in her neighborhood. She wondered, for the first time, what the children whose parents actually worked the land did each day. Only those who lived in the landowner’s community of Los Encinos were eligible for classes at the G.E.C. and, as far as she knew, there wasn’t any other school in the valley. She had heard that once children had travelled by bus, on their own, to schools, but that was before the NightKind came. Ella and her brothers had been raised to venture no farther than a few minutes walk from the safety of their home. Those few blocks surrounding their house had become her entire world. Their trip to the dam had been one of the few times in her life that she had gone anywhere in Father’s car. 
She knew nothing of what happened outside her neighborhood. As far as she knew there was no other type of news. There was a time when communication wires had carried voices and messages. But they had become playthings for the beasts that roamed the night and had long ago been carted away by the elimination crews. The systems could be rebuilt using stronger materials, or perhaps without wires at all. Some had talked of doing so. But those who had the finances, the landowners like Father, remembered the days of wars and politicians, of stinking air and poisoned land, of taxes and multinational conglomerates, and had decided it was best to let things lie.
The girl in the cottage found her way into Ella’s thoughts constantly. At school, Ella would catch a glimpse of her disappearing around a corner and only just stop herself from dropping her books and running after her. All the things that Ella wished she had said to the girl ran like one of Father’s records through her head, endlessly repeating, around and around. She couldn’t concentrate on her work and was frequently called to attention by the sharp rap of a teacher’s ruler on her desk. The surprise of being thrust out of her thoughts back into daily life would turn to loathing when she heard the thin twitters of the other girls laughing at her. She had no friends, not even acquaintances. Whether this was a choice she had made or one made for her she chose not to think about. 
She supposed she’d never made an effort to be a part of their groups. The G.E.C.’s sponsored clubs bored her. They were just excuses for the girls to discuss boys and for their parents to get another hour at their own social clubs. And, looking at them with her new discriminating eye, she could see the subtle training taking place in these gatherings. The young girls had already grown accustomed to having, never wanting. They lived with an obscene lack of any initiative or desire beyond what was given to them by their fawning parents. They were merely waiting to become women, women who would surrender themselves to a life void of craving or the thought that there might possibly be anything more.
Nonetheless, Ella allowed her mother to assume she was with the other girls after school. This was how every young landholder’s daughter spent her time, so there was never a thought that she might be doing anything different.
Instead, she spent her time looking. At first, she walked only just outside her usual route to and from school. But within days she had left Los Encinos and moved into the ruins of old Los Angeles, or at least as much as she could find of it considering that their section of the city was the first to be targeted by the elimination crews. But the further away from the houses she wandered, the more interesting things became and soon she was climbing rocks and dipping into crevices, hiking up the sides of hills and poking through the rubble of decaying buildings. She did these things as if in a trance. Anyone watching may have thought she was window shopping on a Sunday afternoon. She let her fingers trail beside her, brushing against wild bushes and chewed cinder block walls. She moved slowly, lazily, as if in a dream. This was not conscious, but if she had thought to examine it she would realize that this was a mood of her own making – a deliberate attempt to suspend the reality of the ever-reaching sun, to transport her into the feeling of the night. To protect her memory of what she had once seen.
She would commonly find remains of HumanKind – strange glass bottles with paper labels, metal boxes with broken glass fronts, shoes in ridiculous colors with teetering heels – but only a few instances of the rare and unverifiable proof of any other beings. The sounds she heard from her bedroom verified they were there on her very street, under her very window. But her ramblings resulted in only a few trinkets that she knew must mean something – a glittering stone in a dusty field, a piece of ocean glass so far from the sea, an engraved bead balanced on a wood fence. They were treasures only for beings who still believed in the beauty of such things – and she had not ever met anyone during the daylight that fit that description. 
It wasn’t that she was looking for any one thing in particular. Rather it was as if she were searching for something that was inside of herself, but needed to take a physical manifestation. She needed validation that the beauty she had witnessed was not an anomaly; that she could safely reclaim the surety that she belonged in the world of the night. 
She searched the hillsides and crumbling streets for months, her collection of items growing larger. She didn’t dare to bring them into the house. There wasn’t a single place there that she could call her own, Mother was too present. Instead she found a hollow tree in the hillside above the school and filled it with her discoveries, lovingly arranged. And there she sat for hours, holding each one in her hand, imagining the night.

On a day in early June, Ella ventured down into the crumbled streets of the valley floor. She walked down the road sides, stepping over the potholes and kicking up sprays of loose asphalt, thrilling in the layer of dust that dulled her boots to a silty grey. She had already explored all of the deserted areas she could reach by foot. Today was the day she would explore living neighborhoods and she’d spent the entire school day looking forward to it.
She set her sights on a clutch of brightly colored small houses. The yards were full of young tan bodies kicking half deflated leather balls and swinging from ropes strung in the high treetops. On one corner the children had constructed an elaborate fort of tree branches, most with the leaves intact. Through this quasi jungle they peered at her as she passed, giggling and whispering. She was very obviously out of place, with her tailored pants tucked into high black boots and a tightly woven willow brim hat, but she held her head high and allowed only her eyes to turn to the side, trying to catch a glimpse of their tribe. Half a block further, she turned and looked back. 
Standing in the middle of the road was a girl in a loose, faded dress, brown shoulders soaking up the midday heat, ash blonde hair parted on the side and blowing in her face. The girl caught the unruly locks and pulled them up high on her forehead, holding her hand there as she watched Ella walk, in a sort of farewell salute. Ella stared back at her, entranced with the forthright way the girl stood – one hip cocked out to the side, her feet bare, her sun burnt lips cracked and smiling. “Want to play?” the girl called out to her, her voice carrying on the breeze down the dusty street to Ella. A voice from the adjacent porch answered for her, “Julie, you leave that girl alone, her type don’t play.” A large woman had come out through the open door and stood there, wiping her hands on a dishtowel. Julie looked at Ella curiously, then waved before skipping back to the fort. She had been very close to Ella’s own age. 
 Here was a place which was no more than a mile from her own home and Ella was so distanced, so unaware and so alien within it that it might have been another planet. Her parents had, either consciously or unconsciously, never exposed her to these streets. Drives in the family car must have been carefully plotted to avoid these places. Mothers with babies on their hips hauling water from their wells into the house, fathers returning from work in grimy clothes, hands stained green and brown from the fields, and the children playing loose and free, running in bare feet and shouting out loud. Children her age, no less, with hair flowing in the wind and shoulders bare to the sun. Children who played.
She drank in the sights. The houses were tiny, and made of wood – unlike Ella’s neighborhood which was entirely constructed of cinderblock to protect from fire. Above each window were the requisite metal shutters, but rather than being attached to a single mechanism which would automatically raise and lower them, there was a hand crank at the bottom of each one. The yards consisted mainly of large trees in an expanse of hard packed earth. Trees could find their own water, deep under ground. Water from the wells was reserved for use by the family and their small vegetable garden, a burst of beauty on the south side of each house. Ella could see the corn waving as she passed and the squash vines poking out through the slats of the picket fences, refusing to conform to the boundaries of the garden. The bright dashes of color from tomatoes or yellow peppers were a treasure to be sought as she walked by.
Sooner than she wished, the air shifted and her shadow grew long in front of her. The sun lay heavy in the sky to her right as she strode quickly home, feeling the weight and constriction of her life seep into her with every step. She still wasn’t sure what compelled her to return to the confines of her family but she supposed that it was all she had, for now. 
As she walked her hands checked her clothing, being sure her shirt was tucked in neatly, her hair smoothed behind her ears and secured at the nape of her neck. At the gate, she slid the toes of her boots against the back of her pant legs to clean off the dust before crossing the lawn towards the house. After the long walk, the grass felt thick and springy under her feet. By the garden house Fredric was working a large hand pump. She walked towards him, passing under the window of the parlor where her mother sat. 
“Hello Fredric,” she said.
“Miss Ella, good afternoon,” he returned, pausing in his movement to give her his full attention. 
“I hate to interrupt you,” she began, unsure of what she actually wanted.
“Quite alright, is there anything you need?” Fredric asked.
“Actually, I guess I was wondering what it is that you’re doing.” 
“Why, priming the sprinklers, Miss Ella. They’ve got to be primed to water in the morning.”
“Oh, of course, the sprinklers for the grass.”
“Yes, for the grass.”
Ella looked around her at the expanse of lawn surrounding their property. She glanced at the pump handle Fredric held in his hands and followed the levers down to the round metal plate at the base. It sat, perfectly centered, in a square slab of concrete.
“And the water, for the sprinklers, it’s underneath there?” Ella asked.
“Sure is, Miss Ella, in a concrete tank, safe and sound. Say, are you alright? I hope you don’t mind me saying but you look as if you might be perspiring. I’m sure that Ms. Fine would want you indoors if you’re getting overly hot.”
“I am, aren’t I. Thank you Fredric. Have a good evening.” Ella dashed around the side of the house and in through the kitchen door. Once inside she made immediately for the back stairs, hoping to make it up to her room to cool off before her mother noticed her. She was three steps up, walking on the toes of her boots to avoid the clack of her heels on the hard wood when Mother called.
“Ella, dear, that’s you isn’t it?” 
“Yes, it is, Mother.”
“What are you doing coming in the kitchen? You walked right past the front door.”
“No reason.”
“I can’t hear you, come here please.”
“I’ll be right down.”
“I said I can’t hear you. Come into the parlor.”
Ella breathed a sigh of exhaustion and retreated down the steps. Walking normally now, she went through the kitchen and dining room into the room where Mother sat with an open book on her lap.
“Anna laid out late luncheon for you over a half hour ago. Where have you been?”
Ella began to open her mouth to answer, not exactly sure what would come out. She looked at her boots, noticing the dust caught under the criss-cross of laces, and began with, “I…was just….”,
Thankfully, her mother interrupted her. “Ella, you’re damp!” Her mother rose from her chair and put her hand to Ella’s forehead. Mother’s hand was cool and dry, but Ella could feel the stickiness on her skin when Mother pulled away. “Look at you, child, have you been running a race? They must not keep you so long at the Center. Go straight upstairs and change, quickly, before your Father gets home and sees you like this. You can take your tray up with you.” Mother gestured towards a small tray of bite-size sandwiches and apple slices on the tea table.
Ella took the tray and escaped up the front stairs. She sat on her bed, glancing around at the tidiness of her room, looking to see if there was even one thing out of place. Of course there wasn’t. At her house the grass was green, the air was cool and everything was in order – including her. She began peeling off her boots, luxuriating in the feel of cool air hitting the damp skin of her legs. She realized she was perched on the edge of her mattress, instinctively preventing her dusty clothes from leaving behind any mark on the bed. Expelling a breath that seemed to come all the way from her toes, she threw her arms out to the side and fell backwards on to the coverlet.

Later that evening, sitting at the desk in her room, Ella heard her name spoken in Mother’s voice from down the hall. She drifted to her doorway in time to overhear, “It was curious, her arriving in such a fluster. I tell you, she was dirty from head to toe, and damp even.” 
Father’s muffled notes of acknowledgement were interspersed throughout Mother’s monologue, “I had been waiting for her and there she went, right under the front window. I thought for a moment that it was someone else. She was so determined, it seemed. Not her usual walk, do you know?”
Ella didn’t hear anything from Father but Mother continued on, “Makes you wonder what they are doing at the G.E.C., doesn’t it. Who is in charge of the girls after school? Perhaps I should speak with them. You don’t think they’re doing athletics of some sort are they?”
Father finally reacted, “Athletics? No, no, no. Not with the girls. Why would they be doing that sort of thing?”
“Well, I don’t know. But you should have seen her. It was not our dreamy girl, I’ll tell you that. The look in her eyes was positively wild.”
“I’m sure it’s nothing. Talk to the women, I’m sure they’ll know what’s going on.”
“Of course, that’s what I’ll do. I’ll bring it up at the Club tomorrow. Thank you dear.”
Ella heard Father’s chair groan and his paper rattle. The conversation was over.

She lay awake in bed that night, waiting for the night sounds to take her over, to smother her in their numbing embrace. It was almost her fourteenth birthday, and the world was getting smaller around her. The shutters had been lowered hours earlier, but the night was still quiet, too quiet. Usually by this time there was a cacophony of sound, lulling her imagination, stroking her dreams until she purred into sleep. She strained to hear anything, her fists clenched in the sheets which had twisted below her. Still nothing. She flipped onto her stomach, throwing her damp pillow to the floor, she had no patience for tears tonight. It had been almost a year since the night in the cornfield, three hundred and sixty five days, each more deadening than the next, her fourteenth year had to be different. The silence crept on, stealing into her thoughts, bringing bleakness and desperation.  
She leapt out of bed and to her window seat, tearing back the curtain to expose the inside of the metal shutter, solid and impenetrable. She slammed the window with her palm, causing nothing more than a faint shudder in the glass. With her forehead against the window, she tried to calm herself, expelling deep breaths that fogged the glass. She felt she would scream if something didn’t happen soon. Desperate thoughts circled in her head, filling her ears, but something kept interrupting them. She forced herself to breathe, listening. It came again, a rhythmic tapping on the shutter. A pulse of three notes, then a long pause, then three again. She closed her eyes and concentrated. It continued, slightly faster, but still constant – three, silence, three – “I am here,” it said to her, “I am here.” She put her open hand over the window where the sound emanated from, trying to feel its vibration through her palm. The sound stopped. She waited a moment, holding her breath, but it didn’t return. In frustration, she struck the glass with the heel of her hand. The impact was echoed back to her.
A vice gripped her chest and her eyes narrowed. With a mixture of horror and curiosity, she tried again – a solid strike on the glass and, in return, a rattle of the shutter. There was something out there trying to communicate with her. She barked out a laugh and clapped her hand quickly over her mouth before continuing the game. She struck twice, and twice it was returned. After a pause, the shutter repeated its three beat pulse and Ella joined it, a sort of song – “I am here, I am here.” She laid her cheek against the glass, straining to hear any other noises that may be coming from the other side, when abruptly the cadence changed. Speeding up, the pulse became a sequence of short staccatos before coming to sudden silence. Against her face the window began to vibrate, sending shock waves into her entire body. The vibration escalated until it became deep rattles that shook the shutters, the frame of the window quaking with each percussion. Ella backed away, her stomach tightening, her heart quickening. She glanced behind her, certain Mother would come flying into the room at any moment. A dozen times the window shook, each harder than the last. She was sure the whole house would be coming down if it continued. The walls themselves seemed to be moving, the books on her desk were jumping with each explosion and one fell to the floor. 
But then, as suddenly as it had begun, it stopped, leaving a deafening pause. She thought perhaps the onslaught had ended and went quickly to the window, praying that her friend was still there and waiting for her to resume contact. Just as her hand touched the glass a horrendous metallic screech ripped through the silence. Ella leapt away from the window. Something was coming through the shutter. A shrill keening sent icy fingers into Ella’s chest, grabbing hold of her heart and squeezing viciously until she fell to the floor, instinctively pulling her arms over her head to cover her ears and curling into a tight ball. It seemed to go on forever, this duet of rage and sorrow – the vicious screeching as the shutter was attacked and the shrill voice rising above in undulations, with every second robbing another beat from Ella’s heart. She didn’t dare look up, she was sure there was already monsters crawling in and reaching out for her. The pain in her ears completely debilitated her, stars swam in her vision and bile rose in her throat. But just as she began to lose consciousness the pain faded. Her lungs burned and she realized she was holding her breath. Gulping air, she pushed herself up off the ground. The room was silent again. She ran to the intact window, desperate to reconnect and tapped out the three note pulse. No response. Again and again she tried and was met by silence. Whatever had been out there in the night, out there for her, was gone. 
CHAPTER THREE  - MOTHER

For the next few days she calmed her nerves by doing exactly what was expected of her. She arrived on time to the G.E.C., paid attention in her classes and sat with the other girls at lunchtime. She even tried to fit in, perpetrating vague mimicries of their gestures, their facial expressions, the cadences of their speech. It was amazing how quickly they welcomed her back into the circle of fine young ladies from which she’d been absent for so long. 
In a way, it was a relief, a respite from the constant clamor in her head of searching and wondering. The intensity of the connection she felt with whomever, whatever, was outside her window, overshadowed by what she could only imagine as the death of the being. The sound she had heard, nothing could survive an assault of that magnitude. The remembrance of it became a sort of painful horror she didn’t want to acknowledge, yet it turned over in her thoughts unrelentingly. 
She felt herself slipping further and further away from who she had been, but not yet into whom she would become.  
It was the end of the school day when Mother stepped into Ella’s classroom, interrupting the teacher. The other student’s eyes went wide as Mother called to her. Ella panicked as she rose to her feet. What could have possibly happened that would bring Mother to G.E.C.? Was father okay? Her brothers? She gathered her things and followed Mother out of the building and onto the sidewalk before speaking.
“Mother, what is it? Is something wrong?”
“No dear, it’s nothing important. Just thought I’m come by to get you today so we could walk together,” Mother glanced at her, “Your hat, Ella.”
“Alright,” Ella responded, unable to keep the questioning tone out of her voice as she placed the sunhat squarely on her head.
The path ahead seemed like a tunnel, her vision was locked on her toes moving forward and back, propelling her alongside Mother without any conscious effort. 
“It is a nice day,” Mother remarked.
“Yes,” Ella returned.
“But then, it’s always nice this time of year. Enjoyable to be outdoors on a day like this.”
“Umhm.”
“Excuse me? Speak up Ella, mumbling isn’t polite.”
“Yes it is, Mother. It’s nice to be outside,” she clarified.
“I’m wondering, Ella. Are you outside often?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, as I’ve been talking with the ladies, we, of course, talk about our families and many of the ladies have daughters in your class. Isobel, for example, she’s in your class, isn’t she?”
“Yes.”
“Isobel is Francie’s daughter, and Margaret is Genevieve’s daughter, and so on. I’m sure you know of them.”
“Of course, it’s not a large class Mother,” Ella replied, wanting to take back the exasperated tone as she heard it leave her lips.
Mother’s tone changed as well, to something a bit hard, “I’m aware of that, Ella. That is why I can’t help but wonder why neither Francie or Genevieve have much to say of you – meaning their daughters don’t have much to say of you. It seems they hardly know you.”
“Really.”
Mother stopped walking. Right there in the middle of the sidewalk, in front of a neighbor’s house, Mother stopped and turned to face Ella. “Ella. I want to know what you’ve been doing with your time after school. I’m concerned about you. Your color is all off, you’ve got a flush in your face like I’ve never seen. You come into the house perspiring without a word of explanation and the ladies don’t seem to know anything of it.”
“But Mother, I don’t understand, I’ve been at the school every day.”
Mother paused and took a breath, “Don’t mince words with me, Ella. I demand an answer. What have you been up to?” 
Ella looked at her Mother’s face, she was once truly beautiful, Ella thought. But now all Ella could see was years of keeping appearances. Mother’s face was frozen in a mask of how things should be, and that mask was cracking under the strain of a daughter who wouldn’t conform. Mother looked truly ugly.
Ella searched for words. Could she possibly tell where she’d been? About the girl? Perhaps she might understand, or at least listen.
“I’ve only been...”
Mother cut her off as she began walking, “If you’ve been watching the boy’s athletics I can understand. It can be exciting, with your brothers so high up on the team now. But the hot sun is too much for you, and I can tell you haven’t been wearing your hat. Now, if there is a boy on the team you wish to meet I’m sure Hayden would be happy to invite him for luncheon.”
Ella let the inanity of Mother’s words roll over her. It was as if Mother wanted to distill a hurricane down into a pretty perfume bottle. Ella nodded in the pauses and mumbled, “Yes, Mother” and “Of course,” as expected. Listening to Mother explain away everything that Ella was, everything she had longed for, dreamed of and feared, as pure adolescent whimsy made her insides roil with anger. It bit into her and chewed at her insides. The words she wanted to say cut like glass in the back of her throat as she swallowed them down. There was nothing worse than this. The fear, the horror, whatever was outside her window could never overshadow the feeling of being minimized into nothing more than another boy-crazy teenager. By the time they reached home, the brief spark of anger that Mother had demonstrated was reassembled into the lovely, droll automaton Ella had always known her to be and Ella, her vision dark with disgust, had passed the point of return. 

The next day passed even more slowly. Outwardly, she was a caricature, smiling and nodding at the exact right moments in school and at home. Inwardly, she despised the idiocy of it all and she reveled in the truth that only she knew – she was different than all of them, even if that difference was concealed in the shroud of normalcy.
It was midweek when she had the first glimmer of the task that lie before her. She had found herself at the athletic fields of the Boys Educational Center, a beautifully manicured lawn with fresh chalk lines. There was a huge stand of bleachers, so large that she could sit at the top and not be noticed. It was easy to pick out her brother, Hayden, in his lacrosse gear. He was obviously dominating the field. During the action, he skirted the opposing team easily, was accurate and true in his aim and flustered the goal tender, who batted at the ball like a bothersome moth as it flew past him.
She was enthralled to see this side of Hayden. This was not the kowtowing, boring boy she sat across from at the dinner table. This was dangerously close to a man, full of spirit and fight, with great skill and prowess. She could hear him grunt and shout as he coordinated the team to carry the ball across the field. 
As she watched, the metal benches began to vibrate under her feet. An old woman was gradually making her way up to where Ella sat. The woman was shielded by a wide brimmed hat, much like Ella’s, but worn and brittle looking. She moved slowly but surely, using one hand to prop herself on a cane and another to hold a lace wrap over her shoulders as she made her way up the narrow staircase between the rows. 
Ella kept expecting her to stop and sit; it was not an easy climb. But the woman looked up at Ella several times, as if to gauge the distance, and kept coming. Finally, she reached the top tier where Ella was, turned sideways and lowered herself onto the bench. She propped the cane between her knees and placed her hands, one on top of the other, over the large ball at its top. Letting out a sigh, she gazed off in the direction of the players.
The woman didn’t speak, and after a few minutes of waiting, Ella returned her attention to the players below. Again, she was drawn to watching Hayden. Lithe and quick in his movements, he skirted between the opposing players and scored another goal. His team threw their fists up in victory and Ella found her hand going up as well. At the last moment, realizing that she had been caught up in the moment, she placed her hand on her hat instead, taking it off briefly and fanning her face with it. 
“Warm – it is,” the woman said with a sigh. “Always warm.”
Ella nodded in agreement. The woman’s tone was strong, in contrast to how frail she appeared, and there was a musical quality to her voice, a soft richness to the sounds that made Ella want to hear more. Then, fearing that the woman thought Ella hadn’t responded, she added, “Yes it is, madam”.
“A madam I’m not. I’m a ma’am if I’m a thing at all,” her words were sing song, with a roll that spoke of far away places, but delivered with a bite that was unexpected.
Ella, taken aback, sputtered out, “Yes, ma’am,” and glanced sideways towards the woman, needing to gather further information about this intriguing personality sharing the bench with her. 
“No need to spy. Just turn and get your fill. It’s quite alright by me. I can be a strange duck, don’t I know it.”
Ella turned her head and looked directly at the woman. A strange duck, she said. She didn’t look too strange, perhaps a little dowdy or wild. Not kept up as well as Mother or the ladies were. Her hair had escaped from the back of her hat, and lay half way down her back, a variety of black, white and grey running through the strands to become a thick-ribboned mane. Her eyes were bright and alert, the corners of her mouth turned up as Ella faced her. 
“Why, you’re a pretty one. Though a little sad, I do think. Could it be over one of those boys,” the woman gestured with a thin hand at the field, “Oh, I can see not. No need to get angry now. No, no reason at all,” the woman trailed off with a chuckle to herself and turned her head back to the field.
Ella was perplexed and a bit insulted. Did she seem to be the sort of girl that would be sad over a boy? Did she really seem to be sad in the first place? She felt her brow furrow and her eyes wandered over the field, turning over what the woman had said.
“I’m sorry madam… I mean, ma’am. Have we met? Do I know you?”
With this, the woman began sliding closer to Ella, “I wouldn’t say that…, though …., I’m sorry dear, could you meet me halfway here, let’s stop this blasted yelling at each other and sit a little closer, cozy. That’s better.”
Ella slid over within a few feet of the woman. She could smell a warm scent, something reminiscent of tea roses.
“No, this would be the first time we have come face to face, you and I.”
Another roar went up from the field as Hayden’s team neatly deposited the ball in the net. Ella raised her hand to shield her eyes as she watched the activity.
“That sun,” the woman said, “it didn’t have quite the hold it has now back then.”
Ella paused, waiting for something else to be said. She glanced over at the woman, who had resumed her stance, cane in front, two hands placed on top, gazing out at the field. Ella bit the inside of her lip, thinking of how to pick up the thread that had just been dangled in front of her. She felt the bench shaking and realized her foot had started tapping, a military sound on the metal footboards. 
“Oh, well, something’s got you twittering, just like a little bird all of a sudden. You’ve got something on your mind now, don’t you? Hmmm….I wonder if it will find its way out of your mouth.”
This was an invitation that Ella could not resist. “How old are you ma’am? I mean, if you don’t mind me asking.” 
The woman chuckled again, “Lost your manners there didn’t you, young miss, asking an old woman her age. Why, do I look so ancient?”
Ella ducked her head, feeling a flush up the back of her neck. The woman’s soft chuckle returned and a cool, smooth hand lay on her arm.
“Don’t mind at all, don’t mind a bit. I’m what they call an octogenarian, though not for long, 89 now, and heading into 90. Don’t be shocked, I know I’m supposed to be locked up in one of those elderly women facilities, playing cards and listening to their damned plunky music. I just don’t have the stomach for it. I’ve been hiding out. Take care of myself I do. I have a little help, a nice lad at my home. I’ve got to get out every once in a while though, stretch the legs, breathe the air, look at some new faces – like yours, and it’s a beauty it is, it makes the day a nice one.”
“So you live near?”
“I do, can almost see it from here,” the woman clucked softly, “I think I might stir up a nice cool breeze when I get home. Wouldn’t that be nice? It was never so hot when I was a girl, that’s a sure thing.”
Ella stumbled over her words, “Ma’am, … how long ago was it…. I’m sorry to ask, but I…it’s hard to imagine you know, nobody’s ever says anything about it and I… ,“ she trailed off, it was too much to ask.
The woman stood and began shuffling down the row towards the metal stairs. Ella, desperate for an answer, followed her. 
“Of course nobody’s ever told you about anything at all. That’s why I’ve come along, to tell you all about it. It’s a strange world it’s become, and we’ve forgotten the old one, those summer nights, those ocean breezes, I can still smell them sometimes, if the shutters are opened early enough in the morning.” She was walking down the steps now, putting both feet on each step and leaning on her cane heavily.
“But you remember it, the real thing, you were there?” Ella was sidestepping her way down the bleachers, trying to see the woman’s face as she spoke.
“Well of course I was, didn’t I tell you I was an octogenarian? Life is short, dearie, but not that short, things have changed in my life, and not for the better, no, not at all. Though I suppose there’s plenty that would argue with me.” The woman’s foot hit solid ground, “Are you walking down the hill, child? We could chat along the way, I have much to tell you. Much to prepare.” The woman held out her arm in a crooked gesture, with just enough room for Ella to hook her elbow through it.
Ella’s stomach leapt into her throat. Wonder of wonders, someone who had been there, actually been there and seen the moon, felt the night air, someone who remembers a day when no one was afraid and is willing to talk about it. Never mind that she seemed a bit crazy, she couldn’t be too dangerous or she certainly would have a caretaker with her. Besides, age made you say strange things sometimes. She reached out her hand as she felt her other arm yanked behind her.
“Ella, hey, how’d you get here?” It was Hayden, musty and hot, speaking between breaths as he held firmly onto her wrist.
Ella turned to her brother, the gravel of the sidelines grating harshly under her boots, “Let me go, Hayden. That hurts.”
He hissed at her, “What are you doing! The whole team is looking at you. Boy, is Father gonna be pissed.” He jerked her wrist harshly, as he spat the words in her face.
“Let go!” she shouted, and ripped her hand from his grasp. She turned back to the woman, ready to apologize for the interruption, but all she could see was the shape of her back as she walked out of the stadium. “Dammit, Hayden!”
“Whoa, watch yourself,” Hayden laughed, “You sound like one of the boys.”
Ella steamed, glaring at her brother as he smiled.
“Look, don’t be mad at me. You’re the one hanging out in the bleachers talking to that crazy old lady. Not surprising I guess, two old maids lusting after the team…”
Ella’s hand stung brilliantly as it slapped her brother’s face. He stepped back, a look of wonder and anger mixing beautifully in his always calm, always in control features. He put his hand to his cheek, which was turning a bright pink. The rest of the boys began laughing hysterically on the grass behind him, falling over themselves at the sight of their captain and his uppity sister. His hand began to rise in retaliation, but he stayed it.
“You’d better get home, Ella, or this is going to turn ugly. I’m not going to hit a girl, if that’s what you’re looking for. But I can make your life miserable, more miserable even than you seem to think it already is. Jesus, Ella, what the hell is the matter with you?” Hayden turned and walked back to the team, making announcements in his booming, jovial voice about his sister “being in her time.” Ella spun on her heel and walked down the hill, seeing every step through a screen of red. 
CHAPTER FOUR – THE ROSE GARDEN

The next day was a fog. She drifted through her classes and sat silently with the girls after school. Her mind turned over and over again to her discussion with the strange woman and how her brother had acted towards her, so crass and spiteful. His anger had been so unexpected. What had she done to cause such venom?
It appeared that he had not said anything to their parents about seeing her on the field, Mother was occupied with the club and Father was behind his newspaper as always. She thought of returning to the bleachers that afternoon, to find the old woman and continue the conversation she had begun, but the risk of Hayden telling their parents was too high. She had somehow escaped the repercussions of her actions once. She was sure she wouldn’t be so lucky a second time.
It wasn’t until the weekend that she had a chance to speak with him. He was already in his team uniform, and beginning to get up from the table when she came into the kitchen. He glanced at her briefly before turning away towards the sink. 
“Game today?” she asked.
“Game every Saturday.”
“Oh, I didn’t know.” 
“Really. I thought you were a big fan.”
“Oh, come on, Hayden, don’t be that way.”
He became silent, standing over the sink. He tilted his head back, finishing the last of his orange juice before placing the glass in the bottom of the basin. He began walking toward the back door, reaching for the lacrosse stick that was leaning against the wall.
“Can anyone come to the game?” she asked.
“Aren’t you supposed to be at the club with Mother on Saturdays?”
“Yes, but, there’s really nothing to do there. Swim, eat, swim some more. That’s all we do. Can anyone come to the game?”
“You should go to the club, Ella.”
“Can anyone come to the game?” she repeated.
“Ella, let it go. It’s not worth it.”
“What are you talking about?”
“All this rebellion of yours, it’s not worth it. You only want to go the game because you’re not supposed to go to the game. What is it with you, anyway? Do you have any idea the things I had to say to get the rest of the guys to stop talking about you the other day? This could’ve blown wide open, Ella.”
“What could’ve blown wide open?”
“Oh, come on. You know what I’m talking about. The whole world knows what I’m talking about. You’re walking a thin line here. Mother and Father may not see it, but all the kids can see you’re not who you pretend to be. You could have anything, you know. You’re the prettiest girl in the G.E.C. Half the guys on the team can’t keep their eyes off you, and then you come and sit in the bleachers like you don’t know, or don’t care. It’s weird. I’ve been making excuses for it all year. I’m out of things to say.”
Ella was silent. This was another world her brother was talking about. She looked at him closely to see if he was teasing her.
“You may not think it’s any big thing, but when the kids talk it gets back to the adults. And Mother and Father have had their hands full enough with you already. So,” he continued, “don’t come to the game. I don’t know why you want to come anyway. It’s definitely not to watch the team.” 
With that, Hayden walked out, letting the screen slam behind him. She watched him walking across the lawn and out the front gate. As he hit the path he began jogging up the hill, his stick swinging in his hand.
Ella sat in stunned silence. Her world was definitely closing in around her. It was unbelievable to think that people whom she had no contact with were forming opinions about her, making judgments. She hadn’t realized that anyone besides Mother thought about her at all. And Hayden was right, when the kids talk, it gets back to the adults. 
She heard Anna coming towards the kitchen from the yard, humming cheerfully. Ella turned to watch her come in, a basket of clothing on her hip swinging widely as she turned to come through the door. 
“Good mornin’, Miss Ella. Did you get your breakfast?”
“No, not yet, I was just about to.”
“Well let me help you then, your mother left for the club an hour ago, you should get going. They’re probably planning a birthday luncheon for you, don’t you think?” Anna opened the breadbox and took out a loaf. She began slicing the dark bread. 
Ella had almost forgotten, it was her fourteenth birthday. She had both craved and dreaded it. The thought of sitting through a luncheon – one that none of the other girls would come to – with Mother and her friends sounded like the worst sort of torture. Ella sat at the table. “Actually, I was thinking of going to the game.”
Anna stopped mid-stroke. She turned to face Ella. “The game?”
“Yes, Hayden’s game, he’s playing today.”
“Of course, he plays every Saturday. Frederic and I go to watch. But, wouldn’t you rather go to the club?”
“I’d like to see him play... I think. I’m not sure, really. But, I think I would.”
“So you’ll be going with your father?”
“I don’t know. I suppose that’s how it should go.”
Anna returned to her work. “Well, you’d better ask him quick. He’ll be leaving soon. Frederic’s waiting for me to leave. We’ll be walking up the hill as soon as I’ve finished this up and put away the linens. You run along and ask him now, while this is browning.” Anna already had the iron skillet heating as Ella got up from the table.
Father was in his study, finishing his coffee and shuffling through things as he did every morning, weekday or not. She stood outside the door, prepared to knock but turning over in her mind what it would be like to go with Father to the field. Sitting by his side, making polite conversation with the other landholders, it sounded tortuous.
So she must ask him if she could go with Anna. It was perfectly reasonable, she would argue, for a young girl to be chaperoned by her nanny, even if that young girl had much overgrown the age for nannies. And now that the possibility was planted in her mind, there was no chance that she was going to the club. Not willingly at least. 
She knocked twice on the study door, and doing so, the door drifted open. Father looked up from his papers. “Ella. Good morning. What is it?”
“Good morning Father. May I come in?”
“Why, of course,” Father said with a gesture towards the space in front of his massive desk. 
Ella placed herself directly in front of Father’s wingback chair. He laced his hands together and looked her squarely in the eye, a kind yet questioning expression wrinkling his forehead.
“Father, I would like to go to the game today and watch Hayden play.”
“Have you asked Mother?”
“She’s already at the club. I thought that since you were going I would ask you, if that’s alright.”
“Oh my dear, of course it’s alright. Come to me anytime, anytime at all. And, I’d love to have you along but it’s just no good today. I’m meeting with William and some of the other partners in the clubhouse. So I’ll be all tied up with business talk during most of the play. Won’t be able to narrate the action for you. Maybe next time, dear.” He reached for his coffee.
“Oh I see.” Ella took a deep breath to stifle her rising heartbeat. 
Father was repositioning his newspaper as he sipped his coffee. 
“Father?”
“Yes Ella,” without a glance upwards from the page.
“I could go with Anna and Fredric.”
“Anna and Fredric,” another sip as the paper cracked open between them, “Yes, you could do that I suppose.” 
“Thank you Father,” she said as she spun on her heel and tread quietly out of the study, pulling the door closed behind her and turning the knob so it wouldn’t click in the latch. At least Father hadn’t remembered about her birthday. He surely would’ve insisted that she go to the club, probably driving her himself. If Mother was planning a luncheon she’d apologize later. There was no way she was spending her birthday making small talk.
She returned to the kitchen just as Anna came back down the stairs with an empty basket. 
“Well then, Ella, will you be going to the game?” she asked as she poured Ella a glass of juice and put her plate on the table.
She took the glass “Yes, I’ll be going with Father.” The deliciousness of the lie in her mouth overpowered the cool tartness of the juice. She didn’t even know why she had said it, but now that she had, a sense of freedom flooded her and she could barely stay in her chair.
“That will be nice for you. Can’t say that we’ll see you there. We’ve got seats up high in the bleachers. You’ll get to be nice and close down in the clubhouse. Best seats in the house I hear. Enjoy yourself, and happy birthday,” Anna said as she re-saddled the empty basket and banged out the back door.
Ella waited a minute before opening the screen door silently and slipping out. Anna had gone on to the small servant’s cottage where Frederic was surely waiting to walk her to the stadium. Making sure she wasn’t seen, Ella walked on her toes down the wooden steps and stayed to the side of the gravel path on her way to the street. Father’s study was in the back of the house, so as long as she got out of the yard before he finished his paper, she was safe. Once she was out of the gate, under the shade of the massive oaks bordering the road, she picked up speed. She plucked her hat off her head, holding it in her teeth as she undid the braided twist at the back of her head and combed her fingers through her hair. Her hat swinging in her hand, she strode quickly up the hill, getting out of sight before any of the adults at her house took to the road themselves. It would be a shame if her deception was discovered. It was a perfect ruse. Neither Anna nor Father would ever venture beyond the prescribed social parameters to converse with each other, as long as she was out of sight and not seen alone by either of them she would have the day to herself. Her only concern was covering her tracks afterwards, but those details could be dealt with later in the day, once the sun was directly overhead and it was too hot to walk, to explore, and to experience this rare freedom.
At the top of the hill she turned the corner quickly, taking a side street which wound through the back of her neighborhood. She slowed her step, enjoying the cool of the shade. Various scenarios flickered through her mind; she could explore the crumble of old buildings in the valley flats, or she might return to the neighborhood of children to see them play and hear them laugh, she could even return home and spend a day in solitude, thinking and dreaming on her own time. She thought of Hayden’s game, she would actually like to see him play but he would be outraged if she went there. Besides, it would be a waste to spend her day alone amongst the throngs of the bleachers, although she would like to see the excitement of such a thing. Perhaps she could see just the first quarter. How could she manage to not be noticed? If she went to the same spot in the bleachers… her eyes opened wide. What if the old woman was there? Ella racked her mind, trying to remember if the woman had said anything about going to games. It’s possible that she only came to the practices. Unaccompanied women were certainly not usual at public events. Although that woman seemed as if she wouldn’t mind a few stares from the men and boys who were undoubtedly dominating the stands. Ella thought of her, using her cane to poke and prod her way past the outstretched legs of spectators and couldn’t help but laugh out loud.
“That’s a beautiful sound, it is, rings straight through to my heart.” A tattered straw hat with a yellow sash tied around poked up from behind a hedge of roses. “It’s you, how lovely, I was hoping to see you again sometime, can’t say that I thought it’d be so soon.”
Ella face flooded with warmth, this was a perfect day. Here was the very woman, right in front of her, only a short walk from her own front door. 
“Madam, I mean ma’am, or Missus….” 
“Missus Lightly, I suppose, but you should call me Finn, everyone does, at least those that are still around and bright enough up here,” she tapped her temple sharply, “to know when they’re talking to me and not a coat rack. It’s short for Fionnuala, but I never liked that, so Finn it is.”
“Finn,” Ella repeated, “It is good to see you again.”
“Likewise, likewise. I’ve been doing some work in the garden this morning. I make Henri promise not to touch the roses, I keep them up myself, they need shaping and he just hasn’t got the eye for it. These up front aren’t my best, you should come in and see the side row.”
Ella paused. Her previous nervousness caught up with her and she glanced over her shoulder at the main road.
The old woman continued, “Oh, never you mind then, I’m sure you’ve got important things to do and places to be. It was nice to see you again though, and hear that laugh…”
Ella interrupted, “Oh no, I was just taking a walk. I’d love to see the roses.”
Finn’s face lit up with pleasure. She gestured with her pruning shears towards a small gate in the fence, “Well come on through then, come right on through.”
Ella walked through the brightly painted gate and arbor. Finn took her by the arm and began a lilting monologue, “Up front the sun isn’t quite right for roses, they like it hot in the afternoon, after they’ve gotten a nice deep drink in the mornings. Back here along the side they’re snug up against the wall of the cottage house, keeps them toasty and my how they bloom, you see for yourself if they aren’t the best around. There’s a lady down the lane likes to bring hers all through the neighborhood, ‘I thought you might like a nice vase of roses for your window’ she’ll say, all the while waiting to hear your compliments. I won’t even let her in the gate to see mine, she’d fall right out of her socks she would.”
As they strolled alongside the large house Ella lost all of her previous anxiety. The street behind her disappeared behind waving willows and swags of trumpet vines. There was a curving flagstone path, kept neatly trimmed around the edges, but encroached on both sides by a wealth of greenery and blooms. The air was cool and moist and she could hear small birds skittering away as they stepped through. 
“Here we are,” Finn said as they stepped out of the shade into a sunlit patch of lush lawn. Ahead were rose bushes with blossoms the size of oranges. These were monstrous plants, obviously very old and well cared for with the trunks coming out of the ground as thick as the old woman’s wrist. The colors were deep on some, light and frosted on others. Finn moved from one to the other lifting their heads and smelling the full roses. Ella watched her, enthralled by her exuberance and joy, taking some of it on herself.
Finn came to the end of the row and looked toward Ella, “So, which is your favorite then? What color strikes your particular fancy?”
Ella couldn’t decide. Her eyes wandered from one to the other. There was something about the yellow, the slight blush of sunset at the edges of every petal. But the pink, though not usually a color she favored, was strangely striking. She stepped closer, studying the flower closest to her, trying to discern what was so enthralling about this particular bush. “This pink one,” she said, “though I don’t know why.”
“Don’t need to know why, my dear. What you like is what you like. It’s your heart that tells you, not your head.” Finn took her arm again and led her over to a small iron table set back against a crepe myrtle tree. “I’ve a feeling you’ve spent a lot of time listening to your head and not your heart. Now that’d be okay for most, especially these days, but when a girl’s got a heart as strong as yours it’s a shame to be locking it up that way. It may have something important to say. Right about now, though, it’s my head that’s telling me it’s another hot one today.” She took off her large hat and began fanning her face with it. “You wouldn’t mind going to ask Henri if he’s made up some lemonade yet, would you? He’ll be right on the porch, maybe getting a bit of shut eye, but don’t let it stop you, that man naps all day long he does, waking up to bring a pretty girl something cool to drink won’t hurt him.”
Ella walked toward the wraparound porch of the old house. An older man in loose fitting white linen pants and a churacco shirt was dozing near what appeared to be the kitchen door, a boater hat tilting over one eye. His chair leaned back against the slightly peeling paint, the legs up in the air. Her heel rapped the first step and he opened his eyes, dropping his chair onto the porch floor with a large rap. 
“Well, well, now who are you?” he asked.
“Ella Fine,” she said, with a shift towards a curtsy. “Pleased to make your acquaintance.”
“And what can I do for you Ms. Fine? If you’re looking for the lady of the house you can find her in the garden.”
“Actually, she sent me to find you. You are Mr. Henri?’ 
The man’s eyes brightened for a moment and then crinkled into a laugh. “No mister about it, just plain Henri. So the old lady wandered off again and sent you to fetch me. She a sweet thing but much trouble.” He trailed off as he rose from the chair, his long legs taking him a foot above Ella.
“She just wants something cool to drink, lemonade I think. We’re visiting by the side garden.”
His eyebrows raised and his chin tucked under in amazement, “Are you now? Didn’t know we were having visitors today. But then I don’t know much about what goes on around here some days. You may tell Missus Lightly that I’ll be right out with a nice tray.” He turned and moved gracefully into the house before Ella could say thank you.
Walking back to the small table she again looked at the lushness of the gardens surrounding her. The wildness had an allure to it, a scent of mystery that was enchanting, but somehow made her wary. A small lizard scuttled out of her way and into the ground cover as she came out of the shade into the open clearing of the rose garden again. And there was that rose in front of her, a pink flame perfectly still against the mint green backdrop of the cottage behind it. She realized that the contrast of the colors was what made the heavy bud so entrancing. The softness of the two shades in stark opposition to each other set each flower on the plant on fire. Though the color in itself was unremarkable, a baby pink with a hint of orange, the cool flavor of the wall behind it made it come alive. She sat down in the shade, eyes still on the flowers.
“What’s in that cottage?” she wondered.
“The cottage? Well, that’s the cottage of my dreams, I suppose. Yes they are all in there,” She laughed gently and then suddenly leaned into Ella, her face twisting strangely and a hard glint in her eyes. Her voice coalesced into a steely whisper, the words leaping out of her throat, “I’ve got years in that cottage, bottled up, covered with moss and cobwebs. An escape, a temptation, the things that are there are unexplainable. Things that belong only under the moon, in the circle. It’s trinkets and treasures, but it’s mine, my charge, I’m the keeper of the Flame. Though I’ve the feeling it is not to be for too much longer.”
Ella’s hands were gripping the cool iron of the chair, the space between her thumb and first finger feeling the edge of the curlicued metal as a tickle of worry wound itself into her chest. Finn froze, her head cocking to one side, looking eerily like a strange bird that might explode into flight. She sat back in her chair and arranged her face into a more pleasant expression, “Shhh. Here’s Henri.”
From out of the shade he came, his hat now placed straight on his head, an ornate silver tray, polished beautifully, balanced in his right hand and a matching pitcher, already beading with sweat, in his left. “Missus, and Miss, I do hope you will enjoy some cake with your lemonade.”
Ella sat frozen as Finn thanked Henri, the rasp in her voice now smoothed to a delicate lilt. He set the table in a practiced manner, moving smoothly around them as napkins, plates and shining forks appeared in front of them. Ella looked at him cautiously, wondering if she should mention the strange outburst that Finn seemed to have swallowed inside her. She looked at Finn, who caught her gaze and raised one eyebrow before twitching her mouth into a disapproving frown. Ella almost opened her mouth to speak but Henri was gone, moving across the lawn back to the house.
“Won’t do us a bit of good in that pitcher, will it? If you would, Ella, go ahead and fill those glasses. I’ve a thirst today, I surely do.”
Ella paused in her reach for the pitcher, sure that she had never told the old woman her name.
“Shall I ask you with a pretty please?” the woman teased, a single eyebrow again arched querulously. 
Ella began pouring, ice cubes noisily falling into the tall glasses. Finn busied herself slicing and serving the white cake Henri had brought. As she did so, she hummed loudly, a lilting sound with a strong vibrato. It was a tune that Ella recognized and she quietly joined in. “Hush-a-bye, don’t you cry, go to sleep-y pretty baby”. 
Finn’s voice joined her, singing a low bass below Ella’s lighter tone, “When you wake, you shall have all the pretty little horses.” She passed a plate to Ella, “That was his favorite,” she said.
“Whose?”
“Oisin. Haven’t I told you of Oisin? I must have, that day, on the field. Why, we were just lads and lassies with no idea what would befall us. If we’d only known…” She drifted off.
Ella took a sip of her drink, wanting desperately for the thread to be picked up but wary that Finn might relapse into her previous diatribe. 
“He was a beautiful boy, strong and graceful. But then we both were, I in my own way.” Her hands lifted from her lap and danced towards the sky. Her body lifted as if pulled by an invisible string from the sun. “Oh, I loved to dance. He would dance with me you know, though they said it wasn’t proper, brother and sister. We didn’t care. We weren’t like the others, they were all so flat, so monotonous, so scared. We’d been through it, we had, we remembered the dark times. How could anyone forget?” She continued moving gracefully in her chair, swaying and rocking, her arms creating waves around her. “Dancing with Oisin was my greatest joy. He was the only one who knew, the only one. Such a beautiful boy.”
The woman paused, her arms crossed in front of her, her head tilted to the side and her eyes closed. She remained this way for a breath and then slowly let her arms fall down her sides and on to her lap. Her eyes opened and she stared openly at Ella.
“This was all long ago, sweet child. Too long ago, I fear. How I think of those days and nights, full of cool breezes and starlight.” She stopped and closed her eyes again. 
After a few breaths Ella spoke, “Please tell me… “
But the woman had fallen asleep and as she jerked awake she jarred the table, spilling the pitcher of lemonade. “An old woman’s clumsiness,” she apologized, “Henri, we need some help here,” she called sharply as she skirted away from the mess, “Henri!”
“I’ll get him,” Ella said, and went quickly to the house, expecting to see Henri dozing again on the porch. But the chair was empty, his hat hanging on the tall frame of the chair back. Ella moved to the doorway, peering through the dusty screen to make out any movement inside. “Henri?” she called. There was no answer, but Ella could make out the porcelain of the kitchen sink inside the dim house. Perhaps she should just find a towel to wipe up and leave Henri to his own time. She pulled open the door and stepped inside, a draft of lavender and rose water coming to meet her. Shafts of sunlight illuminated a sink to her right with a long counter but there was nothing there which could clean up the mess outside. She looked around the kitchen. All the countertops were bare, strangely so. There was none of the typical fare that rests in kitchen spaces; jars, knife blocks, dishes or towels. She stepped over to the sink. Its basin was wet, it had recently been used. So where was the sponge, the soap, or even the dishes? She turned again, leaning against a tall cabinet to survey the entire room. Something dug into her back and, reaching behind her, she felt cold metal. She turned to inspect and found a heavy duty padlock and security hasp locking the cabinet shut. Walking from corner to corner, she confirmed that every cabinet and even the large icebox were locked similarly. Making a complete circuit of the floor, she found herself at the entry way to the main hall of the house. 
“Henri?” she called out again half-heartedly, hoping that he wouldn’t answer. She stepped quietly into the passageway, damning the boots that made her walk on tiptoe to avoid clacking. She felt as if she were spying, but she couldn’t stop herself. She peered in on the dining room, a bare table with strong chairs. More metal here, this time securing the table and chairs to the wooden floor. She gave a hard yank to the chair closest to her and it didn’t budge. 
She moved back out into the hall and continued toward the front of the house. The hall culminated in a large sitting room with heavy furniture arranged around a low table. As before, the room was free of extraneous décor and all of the furniture was bolted to the floor. There was something missing here. A house was not for eating and sitting only. Where were the living quarters? This was a two story house; she had noticed the windows through the trees on her way in. But how did you get up to the upper floor? She walked back towards the kitchen. A small door was half-open with a mirror glinting back at her from inside, the washroom.
The opposite wall of the hallway was covered in a floor to ceiling velvet panel, the only item of any aesthetic sense that she had yet seen. She reached for the heavy drape and pulled it aside. As she suspected, there was a door behind the covering, the door to the upstairs bedrooms. She hesitated before reaching for the doorknob. She was certainly perpetuating an intrusion. But it somehow felt right, that this was something she needed to do. She felt the copper knob in the palm of her hand and wrapped her fingers around it. The knob turned, and she pulled the door slowly. It stopped, a sharp sound punctuating her efforts to pull it open. Pulling the drape open further, she shed additional light on the heavy door and noticed that it, too, was secured; a chain was pulled tight inside the door preventing Ella from opening it. But the chain was only a small deterrence to getting upstairs. Outside the door, on Ella’s side were three heavy hasps, each with a padlock hanging loosely from it. Ella was shocked. Who was it that was being locked upstairs? Her mind flashed to Finn, frail but full of spirit. She couldn’t imagine a woman like that allowing herself to be caged up. She thought of her again, this time outside at the table waiting for Ella. She quickly let go of the door, pulled the curtain closed and turned for the kitchen.
As she did, she glanced again at the front sitting room. The house still had the original fireplace and Ella had to take a look. Most fireplaces had been bricked up during the lockdown and she couldn’t imagine what it would be like to have a fire burning openly in a house. This one was open and even full of ashes. She crouched down and poked her head underneath the lip of brick to see inside. Looking up she saw a handle poking down and grabbed it, releasing a douse of ash into her face and eyes. Surprised and momentarily blinded, she fell backward and rubbed at the soot, smearing it across her face like a bandit’s mask. She felt her way back down the hallway and into the washroom, pulling the door shut behind her before cupping cold water from the sink and splashing it into her face. The irritation began to ease and she shook her hands dry as best she could. In the mirror she could see she was streaked with ashes – there were no towels in here either. She used the hem of her blouse to take some of the worst off her face, leaning into the mirror to get a closer look, her breath fogging up the surface. She had most of the soot off her face, but it was difficult to see in the dim bathroom how bad it really was. And there was something on the mirror itself. She opened the door a crack, to let the light in and there, written on the mirror in the fog of her breath was her name, “Ella”. That makes no sense, she thought. Did Henri write that here? She was reaching up to trace it with her own finger when she heard steps in the hallway.
“Dear? Are you here?” It was Finn.
“Yes, I’m here”, Ella rubbed her palm across the mirror’s surface, wiping out her discovery and opened the door. Finn was standing in front of her, looking her square in the face with a strange look in her eye.
Ella began, “I was just looking for something to wipe up with, I’m sorry, I couldn’t find anything.”
“Hmmmm… is that so?”
“Well, yes,” Ella could feel her face burning with the half-truth. 
Finn turned with a nod of her head and indicated the wall of the hallway. On it were Ella’s handprints in ash. Ella face grew even hotter.
Finn looked at her for a moment longer and then began laughing. “Let’s get something to dry you off.” Ella followed her into the kitchen where Finn expertly turned the combination on a cabinet and opened it, revealing a neat stack of kitchen towels. “Such a bother, all these locks. I suppose they are necessary, but it’s just one more thing to do. You’d best try the washroom again, you’re quite a mess.”
“Thank you, and my apologies ma’am for…” she trailed off.
“Back to ma’am is it? I thought we were done with that. Nothing to apologize for, nothing at all. It’s all Henri’s fault actually, so if he has anything to say about the walls, we can just tell him not to disappear like that. Now hurry and clean up. There’s still some gardening to do.’
Ella began wiping her face with the towel as she walked and bumped right into Henri as he came out of the washroom. She noticed the drapes pulled back from the doorway across the hall, the door hanging open and free. “Ms. Fine, may I help you with something?” His tone had turned chilly, and in the dim light of the hall she couldn’t make out his expression. He seemed to tower over her, his hand still on the knob of the washroom door.
“No, thank you. I just need the washroom.” Expecting him to step aside, she began to move towards the door. He stayed planted in front of the door.
“But haven’t you already used it, Ms. Fine?”
“Well, I tried. But there were no towels. Finn… I mean Ms. Lightly found one for me.” She waited, still expecting him to move. “I just need to wash up.” 
“Yes you do, I suppose. A little accident with some ashes I believe.”
He continued looking down at her. Feeling the hair on her neck bristle, she narrowed her eyes and said, “May I go in now, please.”
“Of course,” he stepped aside and gestured toward the door with a sweeping gesture. She stepped past him, brushing against the front of his shirt as she did. She pulled the door shut behind her but Henri caught it in the tips of his fingers. 
“I’d appreciate it, Ms. Fine, if you left things as you found them.” He let go suddenly and, as the door slammed, Ella realized she had been fighting to close it.
She could hear him striding down the hall towards the kitchen. She turned to the mirror, now sorry that she had erased the message she had found, perhaps she had only imagined it? She looked into the glass at her ash streaked face. Her eyes peered back at her from what seemed miles away. Her hair was sticking to her cheeks in the late morning heat. She turned on the tap, letting it run cool before soaking the small towel. Wringing it dry, she tilted her head back and laid it over her face, opening her eyes to look through the dim whiteness at the ceiling above. What was up there, she wondered. Did the strangeness of this house continue to the upper floor? 
There was a knock at the door and she quickly finished up, scrubbing her face a pale pink and smoothing her hair back with water from her hands. She expected to find Henri waiting impatiently for her when she opened the door, but the hallway was deserted. However, the knock came again, three soft but brisk raps. She looked up and down the hallway, wondering if there was someone at the front door. A mild panic took root as she imagined that her parents had tracked her down and were standing outside on the front porch. The knock came again, assuring her it was not the front door. It seemed to be from inside the bathroom. She turned to face the mirror again, quietly shutting the door. She stared at her reflection, waiting silently for another sound. 
There it was, three times, from right where she was standing. She placed her ear to the wall on the right of the mirror. Nothing. She slid her head down the wall, crouching and holding onto the sink edge for balance. Again, she pleaded silently, let me hear it again. Her request was honored and there it was, right next to her ear. Not the one on the wall, but the other, closer to the underside of the sink. It was the distinct sound of a metal pipe being struck by a hard object, a wrench or a stone perhaps. She listened to the fading resonance of the sound and waited. One more time, just one more, she murmured without noticing. This time it did not seem she would be satisfied. She waited, counting ten breaths, and then reached for the pipe, intending to use her fingernail to tap a beacon. 
This time the answer came from the bathroom door – two loud knocks and Henri’s voice, “Ms. Fine, I do hope you haven’t gotten lost in there.” 
She hit her head coming up, and wincing back a yelp she opened the door, stepping past Henri quickly. “Here I am. Sorry to have taken so long.”
Henri stepped in front of her, barring the way into the kitchen. “All finished then,” he stated rather than asked.
“Yes. Thank you. I’m cleaned up now.”
“I mean with your visit, it must be time.”
“Time for what?”
“Your family, your friends – the things girls your age do on Saturdays. And besides, Ms. Lightly does need her rest.”
Ella took a step forward, which only brought her closer to Henri’s imposing frame. He seemed to grow even taller as she stood there in the doorway facing him. 
“They must be wondering what’s become of you.”
“I’m sure they’re not,” she said more harshly than she meant to. “I mean, they know perfectly well what’s become of me.”
Henri raised his eyebrows.
“Excuse me please. You are blocking my way.”
He moved to the side and she stepped around him and out the kitchen door. Hearing it slam behind her, she strode into the garden expecting to find Finn waiting for her. Instead, the old woman was slumbering in her chair, her chin dropped forward on her chest, her shoulders rising and falling softly. 
Ella watched the woman for a moment, wondering if she woke her and asked about the tapping, about her name in the mirror, what she might say. Would she believe her? Or maybe explain it away as a quirk with the plumbing. Rather than taking the chance, Ella whispered goodbye and walked around to the front of the house. At the gate she turned to look once more at the upper floor windows, hoping there might be a movement there and, if there was, it wouldn’t merely be Henri gloating at her. As she did, something caught her eye on the front porch – a shimmer near the front door. Without hesitation, she walked soundlessly up the steps to get a closer look. Her breath caught in her throat as she snatched it up before it became unreal. In her hand she held a feather – a feather of midnight blue, opal and turquoise. The tips of each point became iridescent as she turned it over and over again. She gazed at the thing, feeling warmth and relief wash through her. Her birthday present. Tucking it quickly into her pocket, she turned towards home.
CHAPTER FIVE – BETRAYAL

She let herself into the quiet house, enjoying the stillness and shadows of the early afternoon. Sitting on her bed, her thumb and forefinger twirling the feather in her hand by its thin stamen, she imagined what sort of being had left it there. The shafts of sunlight through her window caught tiny sparkles as they rose from the feather, like dust motes but dancing and swirling as she watched. They seemed almost alive, coming together in groups and then fanning out in elaborate patterns. With every twist of her fingers, more would rise, creating a complex pattern which alternated between complete randomness and utter beauty. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. The warm sun fell across her brow and she laid back, the feather resting on her chest. In moments she had fallen into a deep slumber.
She woke to the sound of the front door, pulled open so forcefully that it must have slammed back against the outer wall of the house. Then, what sounded like Father’s footsteps in the front entryway, but much heavier, quicker. She sat up, at once worried and curious, and put the feather which was still lying in her hand safely in her pocket. These were very strange noises for her house. Father’s study door opened just as loudly and the sound of his drawers being wrenched open one after the other traveled up the stairwell to Ella’s room. This was truly alarming; perhaps there was an intruder in the house. It was quite uncommon, but not unheard of. 
With relief she heard Father’s voice, booming, loud, “Aha. Here it is.” His footsteps retreated out of the study and back to the front door. “I’ve got it here.” He called out the door.
It was then that Ella heard mother’s voice, sharply, “Bradley…. Wait until I’m inside, think of who might hear you.”
The front door closed and father began talking rapidly, “I found it. I knew to save it. I told you it would come to this. I shall go round to Butler’s right away. Set the whole thing up.”
Something was wrong in her family’s perfect world and her curiosity was piqued. Ella stayed frozen on her bed, not wanting the floorboards to creak under her feet if she stood.
Mother spoke, “It’s a bit rash, Bradley. I don’t think it’s really necessary.”
“We’ve got no choice, she’s quite impossible.”
Ella stopped breathing, could they be talking about her? They must be. She dared to rise from the bed and crept towards the door where she could hear better.
“Just think of where she might be at this very moment – off wandering about in places unknown, unsafe, unsupervised.” The last word was spoken like a curse. “This is not normal girlhood impudence any longer. All of the boys her age are at the game, all her school chums at the club, where she should be.”
“Are you sure that she’s not with Fredric and Anna?” 
“Of course, I’m sure.” Her father let out a grunt of frustration and disgust. “To think that I made the effort to find them in that crowd, truly going out of my way to collect Ella and bring her into the clubhouse where she belonged. I felt guilty, you see. Guilty that I had sent her out there to sit in the hot sun, with house servants, it was like a punishment. I don’t know what I was thinking. You should have seen the look on their faces. I knew something was wrong the moment I laid eyes on them – they looked so surprised to see me coming up the steps. I even thought for a moment that they might have been covering for her,” He paused for a breath.
“Oh Bradley, you can’t be serious.”
“Of course not, you’re absolutely correct. But honestly, this is outrageous. To think of a daughter of mine out traipsing about, God only knows where. Well, it’s going to end. She most obviously needs to be supervised at all times, and she playing the trickster it seems, thinks she’s pulled the drop on us.” Ella could hear him pacing up and down the length of the front room as he spoke, his words jumping into the air and drifting up to where she stood, now almost halfway into the hall.
“But a boarding school, Bradley, isn’t it a bit extreme?’
The words slapped Ella in the face and she grabbed at the door frame for balance. A boarding school? She’d heard of such a thing, somewhere outside city limits where it wasn’t even safe to be outside during the day. The thought of it made bile rise in her throat and her vision turn red. Father wanted to send her to a boarding school? She backed away from the door into the room, afraid the sound of her heart pounding in her chest might somehow make it downstairs. How could he do this? Would Mother ever allow such a thing?
She tuned back into the tail end of her father’s response, “…well taken care of, and looked after properly. We want a proper young woman in our midst, not a hellion, don’t you agree?”
“Yes, of course, but…”
“Then it’s settled, I’ll go down the hill to Butler’s. He can arrange the entire thing for the morning. They’ll be round to gather her before breakfast time. And, dear, you must remember, not a word of this to Ella, or the boys for that matter. No need to have a big to-do, she won’t need to bring anything with her, this is top of the line, they supply everything. We’ll say our goodbyes and off she’ll go.”
Father’s last words drifted off as the front door closed behind him, his stride down the gravel walkway was strong, determined. Ella drifted again into the doorway, listening for her mother. She heard her gentle movements and a quiet whisper of, “And on her birthday, whatever will I tell the ladies…” 
The confusion of it was overwhelming to Ella. Had things really gotten so bad that her parents were shipping her off? When did this happen, how had she let things get so out of control? 
Suddenly, below, her mother hard heels on the floor and her voice, sharp again, “Bradley. Bradley, wait, we simply must…. Oh drat!” and then the sounds of Mother’s walk across the porch and down the path, faster than her father’s, practically jogging.
Ella’s mind spun, what thought had caused her mother to race out of the house. Could it be a second thought, might she have a chance? And if so, what then? What did she face in the coming days, weeks, years? How much would she have to sacrifice to keep things on an even keel? How much of herself could she give up? How quickly it was that her parents had become the enemy.
Without thinking, without even breathing, she slipped out through the kitchen. Mother’s back was to the house, her hat bobbing ridiculously on her head, as she chased after Father. Ella watched her move out of sight, feeling more alone than ever. And so it was that she left her house, in which she lived her fourteen years and, stepping through the front gate, walked determinedly up the hill.
CHAPTER SIX – ESCAPE

Approaching Finn’s house she stopped. Though it had only been a few hours since she’d left through the gate, it seemed like much, much longer. And although she supposed that she had known where she was walking to the entire time, she had not formulated any plan for what to do once she arrived. The house looked still, and beautiful. It was peaceful here, with sunlight dappling through the thick growth of trees. She traced the frame of the building with her eyes, surprised that she hadn’t noticed before that it was entirely constructed of wood. The panels of the wood boards were hard to detect under the years of paint but she was able to count them up the side; five, ten, fifteen, before they hit the shutter casings on the upper-story windows. Ella paused, counting backwards, five, six, seven boards. There were no shutters on the lower windows. How could she have missed it before? Staying tucked in the shadows, she moved towards the front of the house, hoping not to find Henri waiting for her. From the front, the trees and vines draped over sills and woodwork, camouflaging the house, making it difficult to get a full picture of its size. This morning, there has been no reason not to assume this house was like all the others. But now, after being inside, she had a fuller grasp of the true mystery she had stumbled upon. She dared to step out of the darkness, looking for signs of either of the house’s inhabitants and, seeing none, she quietly lifted the latch on the gate.
It was the cottage she thought of as she slipped inside the still garden, her heart beginning to race. Although the day was now cooling, pearls of sweat rolled between her shoulder blades. She avoided the path, walking instead beneath the heavy trees to the edge of the clearing where she had sipped lemonade just this afternoon. The thought of it made her mouth water and a rumble of hunger threaten in her stomach. It was near to dinner time, and almost dark.
From where she stood now she couldn’t see the back steps of the house, but the cottage was directly across from her. As she suspected, it too was missing the tubes of steel above each window. Finn had said the cottage contained her dreams, that she was the keeper of the flame. Ella tried to recall more of the words Finn had used, but what had then seemed the ravings of a madwoman had not taken hold in her memory.
One step towards the cottage and the question came in her mind: What was she hoping to find? It was obvious that something was wrong with the old woman, it was probable that much of what she had told Ella was fantasy. As she stood, one foot in the sun, and the rest of her still hidden in the shade, she heard the creak of the screen door. Ella’s immediate problems flashed forward in her mind and she sought shelter. She must get into the cottage. 
Quickly, around the side and towards the door of the building, stepping into a tangle of night blooming jasmine. The springy vines were up to her knees on this side of the door, although they were tamed and parted on the other. She had approached the cottage from the unused side and she winced at each crunch of greenery under her feet. She paused, listening for any further sound of life from the house and, hearing none, put her hand to the doorknob. It turned easily and the door fell open, belying any thought she had had of entering an abandoned tomb. The thick scent of tea rose and paper rot parted before her as she stepped inside and pushed the door closed behind her. Finn had been here recently. Ella could feel it. Dust motes spun chaotically in the shafts of sunlight coming through the few small windows as her eyes adjusted to the light.
The cottage was small and crowded, with boxes piled high in some corners and large pieces of draped furniture hulking in others. She moved slowly in the dim space, letting her intuition guide her, in a state of waking dreaminess that let her feel the air touch her skin, her hands brush against her legs, the grey caress her eyes. She was deeper into the room, almost at the back when she struck the toe of her boot against what couldn’t be a box, it was too solid, too thick of a sound. She had found a trunk, a trunk with the lid propped open, propped as if it wanted to be discovered, as if someone was trying to show it to her. Inside she could see stacked photographs in heavy frames. She couldn’t make the top image out. The light was too dim. She picked it up and turned around to move into better light. It was of two young children, a boy and a girl, holding hands and walking away from the photographer. The taller of the two looked back over his shoulder with a half smile. The picture had been taken at night. The darkness around the figures looked like a mistake, a sea of nothingness. The image was soft, expressive, subtle: It had been taken with real film and was not a captured pixilation, gaudy or sharp. She turned it over, hoping a name had been written on the back, a date, maybe a place. There was nothing. She considered opening the frame, to see if something had been written on the actual picture, could you even write on photographic paper? She didn’t know and was unsure what might happen to the photograph if she removed it from the glass. As she looked again at the picture her eyes were blinded by sunlight, the door had softly swung open. 
She threw her hand up to shield her eyes and squinted in to the doorway, expecting to see the tall figure of Henri bearing down on her. She placed the picture on a box next to her, freeing her hands for what she feared might come next. There was nothing. She waited, confused. Her breath began to slow, only to catch again as she felt a weight against her legs. A large grey cat looked up at her, voicing its desire to be lifted. Ella obliged with relief, holding the cat close in one arm and retrieving the picture with the other. “What are you doing out here?” she said soothingly, moving back towards the trunk to replace the picture. “Who has let you out? Cats belong inside you know, though it’s not bad to have company.” She stroked it, eliciting a rumbling purr from the feline’s throat. “Now let’s see what else we can discover, hmm?” As she reached for another picture, the cat suddenly hissed and clawed, squirming away from her and darting back into the sunlight. Ella moved to follow her, knowing the danger a cat may find after dark, but stopped when her heel rang down in metallic sound. She thought for another moment of the cat, but the mystery of the cottage was too much to ignore. She dropped down to one knee and ran her hands across a smooth, burnished surface accented by thick hinges on one side. It was some sort of hatch, or door, leading underneath the cottage. She felt around its edges, disappointed to feel the lumps of steel circumscribing its edge, welding it shut. She had just slipped her hand into the cool pocket of a handhold, intent on giving her best effort to opening it, when the dull metallic thud of the metal rang again. A large brown work boot landed practically under her nose. 
Henri’s voice said dryly, “What an astonishing surprise.”
Coming to her feet, she brushed her hands off on her pant legs. “I was,” she scrambled for words, “I was just… looking…I wanted to see…,” her voice faded away from her. She looked up at his face, feeling her brows furrow into a pleading gesture that she didn’t altogether enjoy.
He paused, assessing her, it seemed, as he looked her full in the face. He spoke quietly but firmly, “There is nothing here that you should want to see.”
Henri took her arm firmly and directed her out the door, moving to the left down the open path between the jasmine vines. A voice called, it was Finn, “Did you find her? She shouldn’t be out after dark, Henri.”
“Well, Ms. Lightly, that depends on which ‘her’ you wished for me to find.” He steered Ella around the corner and towards the house.
“Stop speaking in riddles and find that cat.”
“And what would you have me do with Ms. Fine then?” 
At this they arrived at the base of the porch steps. Standing in the open doorway was Finn. Her face lit up when she saw Ella and with nothing but a pleasant welcome she said, “Get her a cup of tea, of course. And stop manhandling her, where did you get your manners. My apologies, dear girl, my apologies, most certainly.” Finn held the door open for Ella as Henri surrendered her arm from his tight grasp. Stepping through the door, she was nearly knocked over by the large grey cat darting between her feet.
“Oh, Nev, there you are. Henri, don’t you leave the upstairs open again, do you hear? You’ve got luck that she’s come back on her own or you’d be out looking for her with a lantern.”
Henri didn’t respond but began unlocking cupboards, taking a kettle from one and a canister from another. As he lit the stove he stated manner-of-factly, “I’ll fix you tea, Ms. Lightly, but I fear that Ms. Fine won’t have time, she must get off before dusk.”
Ella glanced out the window over the sink, the sun had already dipped quite low in the sky. The shadows were long on the grass outside, reaching towards the house and blanketing the porch. Beyond the cottage exploration, she had not devised any plan for her safety in the evening. She realized then that she had somehow thought the cottage would be enough, that something there would protect her from the night and from Father’s plans. She realized now how ludicrous that hope had been. Whatever it was that protected the contents of that cottage, it had no reason to protect her. There weren’t even shutters on the windows, not even a lock on the door. What had she been thinking?
Perhaps she could find a way into Anna’s cottage without her family seeing her. If she could explain to Anna what had happened, there was a chance she might help her. These brief thoughts of promise were quickly dashed. What, in actuality, could Anna do to help? She couldn’t hide Ella on Father’s own property. She had her own life to be concerned about, and Ella wouldn’t ask her to risk her only livelihood. Somehow, she must find a safe haven for the night. Tomorrow, she could begin to think about the possibility of returning home and what to do when she got there.
She thought through the list of her classmates. Was there anyone who might take her in for the night? It would have to be someone without a direct connection to Father, or someone who was at least willing to risk not telling their parents. She saw their faces in her head and it was painfully clear that she had not made a connection with anyone of them that could justify such a thing. Panic was beginning to take hold. She absolutely could not go home tonight.
Finn cut into her thoughts, “Henri, you can be so ridiculous. The poor girl is already out too late to risk going home, she’ll be staying with us for the night, a little company. I’m sure Nev won’t mind. She can find her way home when the sun is climbing, not falling.”
Henri spun and stared at Ella, a look of disgust on his face. His back was to Finn and his tone contradicted his glare, “No worries, Ms. Lightly, I’ll walk her home myself. I’m sure it’s not far, considering she’s made the trip twice in one day.” The last had a small bite in it that was hard to ignore.
Finn caught Henri’s tone and her reply surprised Ella in its obvious contrivance, “That’s very kind of you Henri, but I’m sure you wouldn’t want to leave an old woman alone, now would you. Never telling what I might get into, so close to sun’s set. I hardly trust myself at this time of the day. It wouldn’t be a good idea, not a good idea at all.”
Henri’s eyes were still locked on Ella’s and he narrowed them for just a moment before turning back to his work. Finn took her by the hand and led her down the hall, calling behind her, “Bring the tray upstairs when it’s ready, I do love tea at nightfall.”

The old woman led Ella towards the stairs, a triplet rhythm coming from her cane and formal black heels. The floor length curtain which had previously hidden the right wall was now completely drawn back and tied with a velvet cord. At the top of the stairs a warm light fell across the top of the landing, coming from a western window. Finn paused a moment, there in the sunlight, seeming to drink it in.
“The golden glow, so lovely. So very lovely.”
The duo continued on, still with Finn’s arm over Ella’s bent elbow, toward a small sitting room. It was lush and rich, this room. Heavy fabrics were hung on the walls, patchworks of golden and magenta with tiny mirrors sewn into the designs. The small tea table was black lacquer, with a woman painted on it, holding what appeared to be a parasol and standing in front of strangely shaped red building with a curved roof and golden doorways. Finn sat on a deep purple settee and motioned for Ella to join her. She could hardly speak she was so enthralled with the visual delights in every nook and cranny. A small cage hung from a stand with a fat blue bird hopping between branches. In the window, stained glass formed the image of a meadow, with rolling hills and streams. To her left, on a tiled side table, a large wooden doll stood, its face painted with red rosy cheeks and intricate patterns in her dress.
“You may open her, if you’d like. I know she’d like it.”
“Excuse me?” Ella asked, “Open her? Do you mean the doll?”
“Please, do. And you can leave the ‘excuse me’ out of it. Soon you will come to realize that I am hardly civilized company.”
Ella felt a smile creep into the corners of her mouth and picked up the doll. It was heavy in her hand and something was certainly knocking around inside it. She softly shook it, listening to the wooden rattle and then inspected it carefully, looking for how to open it.
“A twist will do it.”
Gripping the top and bottom, Ella twisted the doll into two halves, spilling an identically shaped but slightly smaller doll onto her lap. She gasped at the wonder of this and Finn laughed gently at her surprise. Returning the head and body of the first figure into its original configuration and placing it onto the table she picked up her prize. It seemed to be a twin to the first, but as Ella looked further she noticed slight changes. The eyes of the second were green instead of blue, and turned up at the edges, the face more heart-shaped and the dress less elaborate. Her smile returned as she realized that this doll, too, was hiding something inside.
She twisted again and was again rewarded. The third doll was slightly more mysterious than the first two, with eyes that had a vivid look in them and hair cut short, but still very feminine. 
By the time she had finished, Ella had eight dolls lined up on the table in front her and they were a picture of transmutation. The first bore hardly any resemblance to the last, although the colors remained the same throughout the series. What was a golden and amber dress in the largest doll was a striped hide in the last. The upward slanted eyes were clearly those of a cat, though the final doll seemed much more agile and somehow humanlike than any cat Ella had ever seen.
“Beautiful, aren’t they,” Finn said.
“Yes, they are. What are they called?”
Finn reached for the largest one and began tracing her fingers over the designs painted onto its clothing. “They are called Matryoshkas, a nice name I think. That one in particular was given to my mam by an old woman from Russia. Mam always liked the cats, they were familiar to her. She found cats everywhere, she did, and they found her.”
As if on cue, the large grey feline that had surprised Ella earlier bounded up into Finn’s lap and arched its back seductively, purring. 
“Yes Nev, we were talking about you.” She gave the cat a scratch behind the ears. “Now, off with you.”
The cat leapt down gracefully and began to saunter towards the stairs, its tail snaking slowly. A moment later it darted back through the room and under the couch.
“Henri, do you have the tea?” Finn called.
The tall man appeared, “Yes, Ms. Lightly.”
He set the tray down on the table in front of Ella and began to unload its contents, gathering the wooden dolls in the process and placing them on the tray. He stood, the tray in his hands and asked, “Is there anything else you’ll be needing this evening?”
“Is there a bed set for Ms. Fine?”
“I’ll be taking care of it now,” Henri replied as he began to walk out of the room.
“And Henri,” Finn said, “You can leave the dolls here. They won’t be causing any trouble.”
“Yes, Ms. Lightly.”
Henri moved back to the table, and placed the dolls haphazardly near a corner before moving into the attached room.
“Dear, would you fix those while I pour our tea. Here’s the mother,” Finn handed her the first figure.
As Ella arranged the dolls back into order on the table Finn continued talking.
“Always trying to protect me, he is, always trying. Those that try never do, though, that’s what they say. Only get in the way of what really should be happening, especially when you don’t know what you’re protecting against.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Oh, of course you don’t, why would you. It’s too much for most to understand, too much for me at one time. Henri… well Henri, he could understand, if he truly wished to. He’s only a decade or so younger than me, you know. Though wisdom is not his strong suit. He doesn’t want to understand. It would mean too much if he did, he’d much rather be blind. You, on the other hand, you have two wide open eyes, don’t you. You’ve seen many things, many things. How old are you then?”
“Fourteen.”
“Just a babe! Just a babe. I was fourteen once, long ago, quite obviously.”
Ella’s imagination took off, imagining being fourteen, in the dark, with the cool of the evening around her, the streets deserted, the moon shining high. She tried to picture the sun setting, what really happened once that red ball of fire dipped below the horizon, what would it look like when it was just a half of itself, a quarter, and then not at all. Sometimes she doubted that it really did this miraculous thing, disappear for hours, supposedly lighting the other side of the Earth. 
“Done,” Henri announced as he came back into the room. He handed Ella a pad of paper and a short pencil, “If you’ll write your address, Ms. Fine, I’ll be by your home first thing in the morning to reassure your worried parents. No need for them to be concerned any longer than necessary.”
Ella panicked, she hadn’t even thought about the morning. If Henri were to get there early enough Father’s plans might still come to fruition. 
“No thank you, Henri. I’m sure I can tell them myself. I’m quite an early riser.”
Henri locked eyes with her again. “I’ll be passing their way, directly after daybreak.”
“I’m sure I can walk just as fast, Henri. I’ll be fine to tell them myself,” her voice sounded impatient.
“Dear girl,” Henri said through a tight smile, “there’s no need for all this. I’m merely offering a service. I will be able to stop by much earlier than you, for you see I can do it before I come here to let you out.”
“Let me out? What do you mean?” 
Finn broke in, “Henri doesn’t live here. He’s my helper,” and she lifted her hand to whisper conspiratorially, “and my friend of course, though we don’t really admit that.” Her voice returned to a neutral tone. “He lives down the hill a bit. He’ll come by to unlock in the morning, after all is safe and sound with the world.” Ella detected a bit of sarcasm in the last bit.
Ella was to be locked in all night with Finn. This had not occurred to her. The momentary lunacy of the afternoon came back to her and a cool stone settled in her throat. She swallowed it thoughtfully. It didn’t seem she had a choice. Henri shifted his weight and glanced out the window, the sky outside was red.
“I’ll do it myself Henri, though I thank you for your offer. It will be better if I do.” 
“Ms. Fine, I must insist,” Henri began.
“Never you mind, Henri,” Finn broke in, “I’m sure the lass would like to explain it to her parents herself. There’s no knowing what sort of trouble she’ll be in. I appreciate the responsibility of the girl, don’t you?”
Henri gave a quick nod in reply and strode out of the room. At the top of the stairs he paused, opening a small cabinet on the wall and flicking a switch inside. In a manner of moments all exterior light from the room began to fade as the shutters extended themselves over the windows. Finn reached behind her and turned up a lantern, gesturing for Ella to do the same with another standing next to the couch. Soon the room was bathed in the glow of stored sunlight. Henri carefully secured the cabinet with another padlock, giving it a strong yank before walking down the steps. Ella heard the door at the bottom of the stairs slam firmly and rattle in its hinges as Henri tested each lock and hasp. They were in for the night.

“Thank goodness,” Finn muttered, letting out a short breath, “the night is upon us.”
Ella felt the silence around her, creeping in tenaciously, and her stomach involuntarily drew inward. Did she really know what she had gotten herself into? She glanced at the old woman next to her on the couch, a stranger really, and an unpredictable one. Ella felt that she must do something, anything, before the quiet shattered the frail sense of relief she had achieved by escaping Father. The wooden dolls were cool in her hands as she fit them together, each inside the other, burying the youngest, feline character deep inside itself.
Finn broke the still air, “Have you ever danced?”
Ella continued working and answered simply, “No.”
“Not at all, not even at one of those school functions, if they still do that sort of thing?”
“They still do, I think. I haven’t been to one.”
“Hmmm… not at a wedding perhaps, or a funeral? Are you the type to dance at a funeral, girl?”
“No,” Ella responded, somewhat shocked at the idea.
“Ahhh, there it is. Don’t leave me sitting here in the cold, child. I’m an old woman, I am, and I spend many evenings alone. All, in fact. I didn’t orchestrate this grand occasion to have you puttering about and staring at the floor. Now, why haven’t you danced?”
“I guess, well, I guess I just never thought to. But what do you mean….”
“Never thought to, well goodness glory be! What a strange thing. Never thought to dance? Are you sure, girl? Why, dancing, it’s the beauty of life, the entirety of the world, the colors of the sky, come into one place, one time, one body.”
Ella had no response. She looked at this old woman, so full of life beside her, her voice full of incredulity and conviction. She felt her mouth smile softly, entranced by Finn’s passion. 
“I didn’t know.”
“Well, it’s time for you to know, then. It certainly is. How could you not know? You’ve spent, what was it, fourteen long years on this earth, and found nothing to dance about?”
Ella thought for a moment, “I guess not.”
“Let me ask you this. Have you ever seen a thing so beautiful that you couldn’t even hold it in your mind without crying? Have you ever been so touched by a single moment or even filled with loathing over a sound, or a smell? Have you done this, child, please tell me.”
Ella thought again, for a moment, desperate to think of something she could wave like a white flag of surrender for Finn, anything that would help her to make a fumbling connection solid. Then it came, all at once, the feather, the beautiful opalescent feather. Her fingers crept involuntarily to her pocket to assure her it was still there. And the girl, the only kindred spirit she had ever considered, pleading with her eyes to keep their secret. And the last, one of the most loathsome sounds she could think of, the sharp tattoo of boot heels in the halls of the G.E.C. 
“Hmmm… now you’ve found it. I can see. There’s a face full of life. The joy and beauty, and the ugliness too. Not a pretty thing all the time.”
Ella stared openly at Finn. She must have been striking once, she thought, though her face now was a labyrinth of soft folds and creases. Her eyes are still bright though, and her smile is quick. 
“What did you mean earlier? When you said you had orchestrated this? Or was it me you had orchestrated?” Ella asked.
“You don’t really think something like this could just happen, do you? A young girl like yourself, away from home in the middle of the night. Outlandish it is. Could never happen, one might say. Especially with that father of yours,” the last was said with a clear sound of exasperation.
“You know my father?”
“Of him, dear, just of him. Wouldn’t dare to take on any more than that.”
“What do you mean? I don’t understand.” Ella felt the words tumble out of her mouth and color rise to her face.
“Of course not, it’s been better that way. You’ve made it quite a long way in this world without understanding. Most young girls, and women for that matter, spend their lives in a state of incomprehension or, if they do know, denial of what’s in front of them. That father of yours, he’s quite the man about town, perhaps the top man. He and I wouldn’t, shall we say, have much in common,” Finn reached for her tea cup and took a slow sip. “What he would say about this,” Finn gestured between the two of them, “I can’t even imagine.”
“But, I don’t know what you mean. How could you have brought me here, I ran away and…” the fervor of her situation caught up with her and she began to feel lightheaded. Her breath was coming in quakes, she leaned back against the cushions, trying to steady herself.
“Calm down dear, no need to panic. We’ve got plenty of time, plenty of time. Why it’s only just 9:00, and we have got to hold out until midnight.”
“Hold out for what?”
Finn got up without answering and moved into the next room. Ella could hear her humming amidst quiet sounds of movement. She placed her hand on her chest and felt her heart galloping wildly. Her mind jumped to the sound of Father’s voice, booming in the house, planning to send her away. It could not have been planned; Ella herself wasn’t even quite sure what had happened.
She left the sitting room and followed Finn into the bedroom where she was bending over a squat wooden chest that had been opened, its lid leaning against the azure wall behind it.
“It was me,” Ella pronounced, “I brought myself here. There was no orchestration.” She fully allowed the disbelief she felt to hang in the air.
“And how was it that you knew where to come?” Finn asked innocently, still sifting through the contents of the trunk.
“I didn’t know anything… it was just that I had been here earlier… the garden was… and I thought that you would…”
“Understand?”
“Yes, I suppose.”
“And, of course, you had no interest in the cottage then.”
Ella let out an exasperated sigh. “Yes, but, only because you wouldn’t tell me what was in it.”
“Wouldn’t I? Or perhaps the better word is ‘didn’t’, there is a distinct possibility that I left it, hanging, you might say, a ripe fruit to pluck.”
“You couldn’t have known I’d come back.”
Finn snorted disgustingly. “I may be old, but I’m not daft, not by a long shot. The little show out there that I produced for you, my audience of one, mutterings and ramblings of artifacts and oddities, to the only girl in these parts left who is concerned with those very things. Things do not happen by chance, Ella, not in this world, not any longer.” 
Cold shot through Ella’s body. Either Finn was more disturbed than she thought or it was Ella that was losing her mind. She thought back through the last few days, turning things over in her mind. Had she even told Finn about her collection, her interests, her wanderings?
“How do you know what I’m concerned with… what do you mean?”
Finn unfolded her ancient body and turned to look at her. “There’s more to life than what you know, much, much more. I’ve known of you for quite a while dear. Our meeting was not by chance, I no longer have time to wait for chance. Now here, I’ve found it.”
Finn unfolded her slim fingers slowly, to reveal the treasure she had been searching for. In her palm was a blue velvet box adorned with a gold emblem in the shape of a shield with two ornate letters. Ella peered closer, working to sort out the curlicues and flourishes.
“T, D,” Finn breathed, “Tuatha de Danaan.”
The words were delicious to Ella. They hung in the air, sparkling and pure. As if to accentuate their importance, a brilliant shriek came from behind a shuttered window, shattering the night and causing the girl and the woman to glance at the pulled drapes. 
Ella looked at the inscription, “What does it mean?”
“Look and see,” Finn held the box out to Ella.
Ella looked into Finn’s face to read the importance of the moment. There was somberness in her wizened eyes, and something else, a flare of urgency. She took the box from her and traced the letters softly, trying out the strange syllables in her mouth without making a sound. She released the tiny etched clasp on the front to discover the contents. Lying on a smooth pillow inside was a large silver locket etched with the same letters as the box. She glanced up at Finn, who nodded toward the piece, encouraging her to open it. The long chain draped through her fingers as she took hold of the locket and placed the box on the table beside her. She slid the tip of her nail into the locket and felt it give. She expected to see one of the old photographs inside, like in the cottage, but it was something much more exquisite. Carved in stone, with banded layers displaying subtle shades of dark red to palest pink, were two portraits, one in each half of the pendant. The man, on the right, had a strong profile, soft hair falling around his shoulders and large pointed leaves adorning his temple. The woman, facing him, was draped in soft fabric with her hair falling around her shoulders and down her back. Her hand was up near her delicate face, either beckoning or challenging her mate. The woman was a goddess, the man a hero, each tremendous in its own right and together magnificent.
“They are beautiful,” Ella whispered.
“Yes, I know,” said Finn quietly.
“Are they the, how do you say it... the Tuatha?”
“They are Danu and Nemed, the mother and father of the Tuatha de Danaan.”
“What is the Tuatha de Danaan?”
“If you’re quiet at night, dear, you can hear them.”
“The NightKind?”
“Some of them, yes.”
“These people, this mother and father, they are what’s out there?”
“Danu and Nemed passed over when the earth was still very young. But their descendents are there, and many others, they call themselves the Folk. Tis a strange world at night.”
Ella looked again at the faces in the locket, faces full of mystery and joy. She imagined them without the glowing sun on their skin, under the stars, prowling through the darkness. 
“It’s not possible. They’re too beautiful.”
“Sweet girl, it’s the beautiful ones that keep the night safe. Do you think we would have lasted long, with our metal windows and our wooden doors if there wasn’t something out there keeping a watchful eye? But now they need our help, most particularly yours.”
Ella felt light headed, she reached for the post of the huge bed and sat heavily on the soft mattress. Finn gingerly perched next to her and took her hand, the locket still inside it.
“Dear thing, I know it’s much to hear, perhaps too much, but it’s been long enough that they’ve kept you in the dark or, shall I say, out of it. Come, let’s return to our tea and I shall explain the entire thing to you, no more mysteries, nothing half-spoken. Let’s have it all out.”
Finn rose, still holding Ella’s hand, and led her back into the comfortable sitting room. Nev leapt from the sofa as they arrived and wound around Finn’s thin legs. Finn took a short sip of her tea and looked Ella in the eye. “You’re ready then,” she said simply, not a question at all, “for I have a story to tell. And it’s not one of your faerie books, this one’s real and true it is.” Ella paused, her thoughts racing. Then she looked at the old woman’s face, the lines of time and worry dominating but not disguising the hope and beauty that was there in her features. Ella nodded resolutely.
CHAPTER SEVEN – FIONNUALA’S STORY

The Folk were always there. Even as a wee one, I would wish for something and it would come. Mam would smile when I showed her my treasures. She was the one who taught me, of course and called me by my sacred name, Keva. It is my true name, though only she used it. I spent every day by her side, helping her work, listening to her words and watching her hands. I think we knew everyone in the county, at times it seemed the whole of Ireland was at our door, though we never left our bit of land. They all came to us, sometimes lining up across the moor. Mam was powerful and respected, and I was her daughter. The daughter she had always wished for, perhaps too much, now I can see that.
I had seen her help other women with their wishes, to have a daughter, or a son, to heal a husband or soothe a broken heart. I’d seen her spend the day and even the night in the Big Tree Meadow, preparing her circle, gathering her herbs and sitting for hours, quiet and still. I can imagine the time she spent forging a path for me to come, her only daughter, born after the death of her husband.
My brother was born fair of skin and hair, eyes the blue of a summer sky and wide open from the start. I never met my Pa, but Mam said he took after him. She named him Oisin, and perhaps that is why the Folk took to him so. It was only fitting that they should take notice of a boy of his lineage, named after their own lost warrior. They would take him whenever they got a chance. When she was deep in her circle and he was toddling about in the flowers they would steal him away. Mam knew where he was, and knew he was safe. They would never hurt him. And eventually Oisin would cry for her and they would return him, though each time it was longer. They had bangles and games to entice him with you know.
But Oisin was born a son, and even a young one can not lead the circle. Only a daughter could carry on what Mam had preserved from countless women before her. She was the only one left, as far as she knew of, who still followed the old ways. Women had been burned, in the darker ages, for being what my mother was. It cost her my dear Pa, who had been threatened for years by the men of the countryside, told to bring her to heel. He refused and held his head high, but it cost him, and it cost his family. He was drowned in the Loch, though it was ruled an accident. Fully clothed and on his way to town, by the high road. Later, after Mam taught me, I could see the faces of the men who did this thing to my dear Pa and anger rose in me. Mam soothed me, and spoke to me of pity, pity for them, for their ignorance and fear.
So it was, without a husband, that she asked for a girl-child. She must have spent countless time working in her circle to bring me forth. Despite her strongest efforts, I was reluctant to join her. And so it was that she called on their help, those same beings who took her son from her for what was now weeks at a time. I suppose she knew that he was already lost to them, he would call for them now, even while she fed him from her very breast. So she promised one child for another. Was it right? I suppose many would judge her heartless for it. But I think she had already lost her heart when Pa was taken, and she was desperate for something to fill the empty space in her soul. Dear Oisin, lovely Oisin, he was enraptured already, she could only anticipate his leaving as well. And so she made the promise and, soon, was heavy with child.
I came to her in the circle, born of deep magic that only the Folk could’ve helped her with. My brother was now refusing her embraces but I accepted gratefully, hungry from the long wait to be with her. She named me Keva, Keva of the White Skin as the legends go, but she only whispered it then. To all others I was Fionnuala, and this turned to be as fitting of a name as Keva, lost as I am.
It was the quiet times of my youth that I remember most, with her in the circle and playing with Oisin in the meadow. In the warm days of summer, we would dance to music only we could hear with wildflowers in our hair and brambles in our clothes, then tumble down into the tall grass, sleeping in each other’s arms until Mam woke us with soft kisses and laughter. I had brought Oisin back to her, you see. He was in love with me as much as I with him, and his delight with the Folk was fading. Despite her promise, Mam renewed her hope. He would still leave us sometimes. I remember many nights when I would cry for him in our bed and he would come, in the darkest hours, his eyes wet as well.
The moor in front of our small home was quiet then, visitors coming only twice in a moon. They had been scared off, I suppose, by the threats and disaster of my Pa’s demise. But time dulls even the sharpest blade, and they began to seek her help once again. It was women only at first, but then even some of the men would make the pilgrimage.
As she taught me I would help where I could, especially when the path became laden with footsteps and the kitchen table overflowed with food. Oisin could help to gather things in the woods and prepare her supplies in the house. But it was only I who could step over the border of stones into the circle to bring her what she needed. It was only I who could echo her words. It was only I who had the dreams which showed I was beholden with the gift that had passed through her to me.
Most visitors were so absorbed with their own desires they did not notice a small barefoot girl moving gently around them. But, near the end, a few came who were doubtful and wary. We should have turned them away at the door. Mam must have hoped it would heal the rift between them if she helped all who came, or perhaps she was purely thankful for the food and other offerings they brought. But there is always a price to pay, I suppose. There were ones who had watchful eyes and looked for signs of chicanery or deception. Some noticed me and asked my age or my name. Oisin, if he was near, would move before me and deftly mystify them with his broad smile and laughing eyes. But there were times when I was alone and I naively offered the information openly.
It wasn’t long before further questions arose. Some of the kinder women alerted my mother to doubts of my parentage. It was a deft trick even for my Mam to have borne a daughter without a husband. There were cries of a wicked birth or stolen child, and Mam grew cautious. She knew the county would not dare to openly attack her, they feared her too much. But her children were at risk.
I clearly remember the day she gathered the stones. We sat there, shivering as leaves blew down around us, on the path that we had walked upon so many times, watching as she transformed what had once been a perfect ring into a jumbled cairn. She spoke softly as she did it and, although I lifted my head from Oisin’s shoulder, I could hear only a few of the words. They were words of lamentation, words of sorrow and words of remembrance. She called us to her and, for the first time, Oisin walked on that hallowed ground, pressed hard and smooth by the skin of her feet, a place of magic and mystery, my birthplace.
The three of us held each other, forming a new ring as we watered the earth with our tears. We were saying goodbye to the moor, to the only home we had ever known. Slowly, she led us back down the path and through the house for the last time. A truck was waiting in the fading light outside. It had been loaned and filled by those she had helped over the years. Families in those parts had blood ties to her, she had cured them of many ills and, despite their fear, some still wanted to help. We piled in the front, our coats bundled around us as Mam turned the key, and the truck jerked down the road. 
“It is what is meant to be,” she said, and I believed it as much as she. Oisin, though, had his back turned to the road before us and was looking out the rear window, peering into the dusk. 

I was in awe of what I saw in those first few days of travel. I had never before left the moor, Mam had kept me good and close. But now I found there was a whole world I’d never even dreamed existed. In my child’s mind I had imagined that everyone lived as we did, in a simple wood home with a meadow falling gently into the woods. Never had I considered that there were neighborhoods with houses built one on top of the other, silver buildings reaching into the sky, muddy rivers too wide and deep to skip across and noise everywhere, rattling streets and buzzing lights. I had occasionally seen the odd airplane sailing like a tiny bird high above our home, but now it seemed these things and many others were right on top of me. And most peculiar of all things was that Mam somehow knew how to negotiate through this maze of humanity. Curiously, she seemed at ease, stopping to buy us strange food and cold water in plastic bottles. She took us into bathrooms, where we would wash hastily and return in minutes to the safety of the truck. We slept in the cab, with a large case from the back filling the floor and creating a wide spot for our heads. Our feet lay together under the steering wheel. Mam would find us a quiet part of the city, usually near the edge of a park, but never inside it. The first night, Oisin woke us trying to disentangle himself from our sleeping bodies. This was the only time I’d ever seen Mam angry. She held him by the shoulders and looked into his eyes. She told him to stay inside the truck, that the Folk in the park didn’t know him, he would not be safe. I think she was more concerned that they didn’t know her, and might not bring him back. Then she propped herself up against one door and used the seatbelt to strap her foot to the other one. She put a protection around the truck and slept lightly as Oisin cried himself to sleep. I tried to comfort him but without the wildflowers in my hair and the wind in my voice it was useless. He only let me touch him after he’d fallen asleep, and then I held him tight, terrified I’d wake and he’d be gone.
It was three nights we traveled this way, into a huge city made entirely of concrete. The noise in this place was deafening, and I held my hands over my ears. The only blessing was that Oisin seemed as terrified as I was and squeezed close to me and away from the door.
We wound through crowded streets, crawling at times past shop windows and people hurrying past us. Our wide eyes must have been amusing to these city people, I’m sure. We gazed out in shock and wonderment at their strange clothes and quick ways, I remember they seemed to dart about like the birds in the meadow grass, here and there. Eventually we drifted to a stop on a street in what appeared to be a nicer neighborhood. The houses were small, but well kept, and two girls glanced at us strangely as they skipped past our window. Our heavy truck was most certainly out of place. Mam said not a word but I followed her gaze to a house across the street and in front of us. It was a small brown affair, with a tidy garden in front and laundry flapping in the wind on the side. There was something in that house that she wanted, I could tell, but that she was afraid of as well. We sat there for near an hour, caught in suspense and waiting for something to happen. Mam’s hands were white on the steering wheel as she stared the small dwelling down. At long last she spoke three words, “I am here,” and in a heartbeat the door opened. Stepping softly out of the shadows was an old woman, bent with age, but lithe in movement. She stood on the porch and gazed directly at us, her face a blank slate. Mam released the breath in her body and let her hands drop from the wheel. “It’s your grandmum, children. Coming out to say goodbye.” I turned to look at Mam’s face, in amazement over her words, and watched the wet trail of a tear slide down her cheek. When I turned back to the porch, the woman was gone. The truck rumbled to life and we drove on, Oisin and I holding hands tightly.
The final memory I have of my Mam, was amidst the chaos and pandemonium of the airport. You can’t imagine what such a thing was like to a moor girl like me. To think that we would be leaving the ground in one of those whining birds that I had seen fly higher than even the clouds was terrifying and I flat refused, digging my heels in and locking my arms around the legs of a bench in the waiting lounge. My mother cajoled me and Oisin promised he wouldn’t leave my side, but I stared at the floor and refused to budge. A huge voice filled the air calling out numbers and information and Mam began to panic. 
“Keva,” she spoke in my ear, “We must get on this plane. It won’t do to have a row here, do you understand. There are men here that won’t tolerate it. I can help you, if you’d like. I’ll make it easy. But it will work better if you give your permission.” 
“What, Mam, what will you do?”
“Let’s make it so things are quieter for you, it won’t be so scary.”
“It’s the people Mam, there’s so many, and they look at me so strange.”
“We’ll fix it for you, dear thing, you and Oisin both. We can make you a little dimmer, they won’t even notice you then.”
I nodded my head then and reached for my brother. The three of us sat there on the floor of that busy terminal while Mam did the work she knew so well. The world soon grew quieter, more subdued. My breathing slowed and I could begin to look around me. When Mam saw that I had calmed she gathered our small shoulder bags and shepherded us to a small counter. Placing the bags in our hands, she ushered us onward. Oisin and I walked into a wide tunnel while she presented our travel cards to a sharply dressed man. I looked back at her and she gestured me onward with her eyes. I heard the man speaking sharply to her, asking her the whereabouts of the other two passengers registered on the card. He took her arm in his hand and reached for a wall phone. I tried to return to her but I heard her clear in my head, “Go, loves, go now.” Oisin pulled my hand and I almost broke free from him, intent on returning to Mam’s arms, but he caught me and carried me into the plane, leaving our dear Mam behind.
I remember only a few things after that. Somehow we made it across the ocean on that terrible flying bird. I believe I sobbed the entire way, in disbelief and misery. Oisin assured me that Mam was right behind us and certainly we would find her when we arrived. We huddled together in empty seats in the back, Oisin trying his best to remember the quieting words to hold the dimmer that Mam had placed on us, telling them to me so I could repeat them and work the spell. I remember he opened the covering of the round window and I finally quieted, watching spellbound as the sun dipped down towards the ocean. Before the sun completely set, its rays piercing my eyes, a woman reached right past me and slid the window shut. Our dimmer was still working.
We arrived in what was then called Los Angeles on a stifling hot afternoon. Oisin knew enough to follow the crowds out of the plane and into the baggage areas. Thankfully, Mam had made all the arrangements and there was someone who had already claimed our things and was fretfully looking around for us. Oisin and I stood in front of the poor man for five minutes before he noticed us. Then he laughed nicely, saying, “Siobhan had said that might happen, and there it did.” He brought us here, to this house, where most of our belongings were already in place, as if we had lived here for years. But Mam was not here. Nor would she ever be. It was Oisin and I, with our caretakers. The nice man’s name was Morris, and his wife Siobhan. They had some connection to the old country and its ways. I didn’t take to them at first and begged Oisin to find a way for us to go back. If we couldn’t find Mam, then the grandmother we had briefly seen would surely help us. Oisin held my hands and told me the truth. That Mam had probably never had a chance of leaving Ireland and it was the old woman, our grandmother, who had made that so. Mam had been an outcast even from her own family and with the world beginning to lock down already, countries wanted their own to stay close, especially those who might prove valuable, or dangerous. Mam had been both.
So here we were, and here we’ve stayed. These things are all Mam’s, and those in the cottage as well. I never again traveled after that first terrible trip. If things had not changed so much, I don’t think I ever would have gone anywhere, beyond the meadow and the moor. Oisin, he’s been everywhere, I’m sure. He never was afraid of anything. He was the one who marched us both down to the school, though Morris and Siobhan were sure it would result in trouble. He ran on that field, he danced with me in the garden. He reminded me to keep living after Mam was gone.
But the Folk eventually found him, though it took them a while. He waited, sitting on the front porch at night, sleeping out there even, as much as I would beg him to stay with me. He’d slip out after I was asleep and fall asleep on those hard boards. I’d come out in the mornings to find him there, curled up in the morning mist. I put protections on him, as best I could remember, and perhaps they worked for a while. Then he began to evade me, turning his back when I caught his eye and stepping away from me if I became too still for his liking. He wanted to go, you see. Losing Mam and the meadow was too much for him as well. The Folk were the only things left that felt like home to him. 
There was a morning when he wasn’t on the porch at sunrise. I was inconsolable and my poor dear caretakers could do nothing to help me. Mam had arranged for us, but she had not told them her secret of her promised child. When I sobbed out the story of who had taken Oisin they seemed almost relieved. I’m sure the fear of contacting any authorities regarding the two undocumented children in their charge was ever present in their minds. He was back the next morning, but, as before, his absences lasted longer and longer until they became happenstance and I was alone for most of my days.
There was Morris and Siobhan, of course, they were always there, but not much company for a child. I soon stopped going to school, the world was closing down even quicker, men protecting their own and fear lurking in everyone’s eyes. Any camaraderie which had ever existed between nations was lost and any foreign born suffered either by much or little, depending on the liberties we took. Whole countries fell to ruin for lack of the goods and trade they had learned to rely upon. Those with scant resources starved and eventually became wastelands. Those who were most bountiful hoarded their wealth while the rest withered.
Most welcomed this return to these old ways of living of the land, relying on only yourself for your needs. Years of war and famine had made them thirsty for simplicity and comfort. The few who spoke out for the common good of all countries, bountiful or needy, were quickly silenced. The threat of extinction had taken hold of men’s hearts and spread deep roots.
So you can see why I rarely strayed from the yard. I had some playmates in the many nieces and nephews of my caretakers. They would come and run in the garden and teach me their games. On hot days we would lie on our backs in the shade with the deep scent of roses around us. If my friends complained of the heat I would speak a few soft words and call a breeze for our damp brows. On one of those days the oldest of the clan, a dark haired girl called Marie, looked sidelong at me as I echoed my Mam’s charm. She moved closer and whispered softly in my ear, “Say it again.” I saw her lips mimic mine and, later, she tried it on her own. It didn’t work for her but soon all the children were asking for breezes, and more. We had much fun, watching clouds change shape and calling birds and butterflies. They were merely the charms of a child, to be sure, I knew only those things Mam had taught me and I was young, too young, when we parted.
I was a little older than you on the last day our little tribe was together, playing hide and seek in the garden. I had called out a dimmer charm and we were laughing wildly. The sun was setting and only our long shadows were to be seen as we chased each other through the grass. Perhaps it was the full moon that was showing her lovely face that evening, but the charm lay heavy on the children and when they were called to the gate by their parents, it seemed to the adults that no children appeared. The group stood giggling in front of their bewildered mothers, who could certainly hear but not see the mischievous lot. I stayed behind, peering around the old oak, wishing perhaps that they would give up and leave my playmates behind. The children were dancing among the group of unhappy adults at this point and one of the mothers stepped up the porch and called out to Siobhan and Morris. Sharp words were spoken there and my loving caretakers came into the yard calling for me. I did not have to step forward, it was Fionnuala they called, and without knowing my true name I was not bound to them, but as they passed close by me I saw a fright in their eyes, the same I had seen in the faces of the townsfolk visiting the moor. It tore at my heart and I quickly spoke the words of revealment. The children grew silent as their dear parents gasped and reached for them. A few swore under their breath and all looked at me with a mixture of anger and confusion. I stared at the darkening ground in shame. Siobhan started towards me with concern on her face but before she could reach me a young mother called out, “Henri! Henri!” She looked at the others with wide eyes, her hands resting lightly on their heads as she moved through the circle of children. “Where is he? Henri’s not here.” There was twinge of panic in her voice.
I, too, searched the faces of those at the gate. The youngest, two-year-old Henri, was not among them. No one recalled seeing him and soon we were all frantically searching in the moonlit darkness. It was I who found him, which may have redeemed me somewhat. He was in the cottage, sitting atop a dusty cabinet. Its cover was pulled aside and he was playing with the very doll, the matryoshka, you had in your hands earlier. I had forgotten it existed, had never, in fact, explored underneath those heavy coverings. Henri, and yes it is the same Henri, had discovered a part of my life I had thought was lost. After that day the nieces and nephews came rarely and our visits were always closely supervised. It mattered little to me, the cottage had become my life.
It was there that I found the rest of Mam’s teachings and it became clear to me that she had known we would be parted. In a trunk of photographs I found a bundle of small books. At first they were not recognizable as such, they seemed more like slim leather boxes, smooth with no markings save for one – the shield for the Tuatha De Danann. But when I spoke the words of revealment that Mam had taught me, the book fell open to an inscription on the opening page. “For Keva,” it read.
These were my lessons books for the decades before me and they served me well. In each I learned my Mam’s craft, the stories and lore of our family and the names of all things she had known. Each successive book opened only upon the telling of a word from the final page of the previous one and then that volume, having served its purpose, would soon leave my hands and be taken where I could not find it. These things were not for all eyes and Mam had woven protection into the pages. It was with a light heart that I read those first pages that day, it was the story of the first soul lost and the words of return which brought the enchanted one back. It took many months until I fully understood its meaning and created the circle with which I could call back my fair brother Oisin.
I found him curled up on the porch, damp with morning dew and greatly disoriented. At first, I couldn’t even tell if he knew me, he looked past me and spoke names I didn’t know. It wasn’t until I said my name, my true name, out loud that he fell into my arms.
I wept for him that day, fingering his long hair, tied with a green velvet ribbon. He had truly fallen under enchantment of the Faerie-Folk and had grown no older. We were eye to eye now, twins of a sort. He told me of fantastic beings and places, dancing under the stars and drinking faerie-wine. In return I reminded him of the mother we had once had and showed him the secrets of the cottage. We spent hours in the cool dark of that close room, sometimes falling asleep on the dusty couches and draperies. If he fell asleep before me I would gaze at his smooth face, wondering what had happened to him in the time we had been apart. I don’t know that he didn’t gaze at me with the same questions. There was a deep rift between us, but neither of us spoke of it. We had begun to move in the world separately.
It was soon after that when Morris died. Siobhan followed shortly, as soul-mates often do. Two of her spinster sisters took over the role of caretakers with only half the heart and twice the control. Oisin left for good soon after, and I didn’t try to call him back. He had become a child of the Folk, as Mam had always feared. I had been powerless to stop it.
He still visited, I knew, though I never saw him. On my 16th birthday there was a ring on my nightstand, too delicate to be made by man’s heavy hands. And I could feel his help when I began working in the traditions of Mam. He brought me Nev, he did, for we must all have our familiars. Oisin is my brother, my only kin, my last tie to beauty and magic. 

As Finn spoke this last sentence, her voice becoming softer, Nev leapt up into her lap. “And I expect him tonight.”
CHAPTER EIGHT - TRUTH 

“Tonight?” Ella asked, “What do you mean, you expect him?”
“He’s been coming often lately, most nights I believe, and comes close some days. Although, I think you know that.”
“You do? How could I?”
“You were in the bathroom today, yes?” Ella thought back to what seemed like much longer than just a few hours ago.
“That was Oisin, the tapping?”
“I believe so. He must be using the underground tunnels. There was one that used to open into the cottage. Though sometimes I’m not sure if it’s him. There are others, tricksy ones that could be trying to fool an old lady past her prime. He comes at night, to the door. We talk, sometimes, when I’m sure. Other times the air is cold and I stay up here.”
“But if it’s him, why doesn’t he just come during the day?”
“He can’t, dear, it’s been too long. He’s as trapped by the moon as we are by the sun.”
“Then he’s become one of them,” Ella said, her voice feeling small.
“Depends on which ‘them’ you’re referring to. If you mean those noisemakers then, no, he’s not. I can feel their chill, their strange thoughts, and Oisin would never have taken that path. He is a righteous soul. His light is still bright enough even for my dwindling sight to see.” Finn looked Ella directly in the eyes and continued, “Not all is bad in the cool hours of moonlight, child. You’ve been raised to believe in the bogey-man, and he’s out there, to be sure, but there are plenty of others, too.” Her voice became wistful as she returned her attention to Nev, “They dance in the starlight and receive their blessings from Mother Moon, as I used to many years ago.”
Ella remembered the blue light of that moon, seen through a broken shutter what seemed like lifetimes ago. She longed to feel the coolness falling down around her, disentangling the crackling harshness of the ever-beating sun. Finn’s words were like a faerie-tale, a bedtime story woven to send Ella to sleep. She was speaking out loud the answers to questions which had formed soundlessly for many years in Ella’s mind. She had sensed there were things of beauty out there, her feather had proved it. Ella felt as if she were drifting above the world she knew, looking at it through a haze.
Finn called her back to the moment, “You’ve been told, I’m sure, about The Fall of Night, or at least some version of it.”
“Yes, many times,” Ella answered, her speech slow and foreign in her ears.
“Tell me.”
Ella was momentarily taken aback, she didn’t want to delve into her own memory, to become the storyteller. She wanted to hear the stories she didn’t know. She looked at Finn questioningly.
“Go on, tell me girl, I need to know what rubbish I’m dealing with before I can take it out, don’t I?”
Ella took a breath, attempting to gather herself and her thoughts. She couldn’t find the thread to begin with. “Well,” she began hesitantly, “Night fell to the NightKind over thirty years ago, right after Quake Year,” she paused and glanced at Finn.
“Go on,” she said with a quick nod, “right so far.”
“Before that, HumanKind lived in cities connected to each other by technology and transport. The threat of a major quake had been discussed but never really taken seriously. In Quake Year, the entire Ring of Fire slipped, causing a seismic sequence that, over the next year, affected every nation. The first killings occurred in December of that year, here in Angel City, though I guess it was still called Los Angeles then, just after sunset in Griffith Park. Twenty-one members of HumanKind were found dead, mutilated. They couldn’t even make out their faces. Other killings occurred in all of the big city parks, Golden Gate in San Francisco, Lincoln Park in Chicago, and Central Park in New York. It was the same in other countries, on other continents.” Ella paused, thinking of what might have happened to Finn’s homeland of Ireland, to Finn’s mam. 
“Don’t get sentimental on me dear, keep going.” Finn gave her a pat on the knee for encouragement.
Ella continued, “The few who had escaped described beasts and monsters attacking after sundown. Curfews were set, and soon whatever technology had survived Quake Year began to fail. The NightKind destroyed the infrastructure of every major city, isolating us from each other. Within six months, we were locked down.” Ella concluded, her heart beating wildly as she replayed the story in her head, no longer sure if it was history she was reciting or a child’s ghost story.
Finn reached for the teapot and poured into her cup slowly. She hummed to herself while she clinked the delicate silver spoon around the rim. Ella was just beginning to wonder if there was something else she was expected to say when Finn mused gently, “Do you ever wonder why you’ve never seen the sea?”
Ella paused, surprised by the abrupt change in topic. She answered cautiously, hoping her answer would lead further down the path she alternatively craved and dreaded. “For one thing, you’d never make it during daylight.”
“When I was a young woman, I’d go to the ocean sometimes three times a week, leaving after breakfast and always back before dinner.”
“Maybe before the quakes, but now it’s over 100 miles away.”
“Really? Is that so, dear? It’s strange, because I remember that they always predicted California would drop into the ocean, not rise up out of it.” Finn paused, studying Ella’s face. “Think about it, put that pretty head to the question, knowing what you surely know about quakes – I’ll bet my shiniest coin it’s still a major topic of study in that school of yours – does it make any sense that California would get further away from the ocean?”
“Well,” she answered slowly, feeling suddenly uncomfortable, “I suppose not. But I’ve seen the maps, the maps show…”
Finn’s laughter cut Ella short. She put down her tea to keep from spilling it and fell back into the cushions. Looking at Ella with bright eyes, she said, “The same people who fed you that story drew those maps, child. The ocean’s just on the other side of these hills.”
Ella sat in confused silence. She could picture the huge world map on the assembly room wall at the G.E.C.. The United States was central in it, the largest mass of land. Angel City, where she had lived all of her life, lay just west of center, surrounded by the ripples and depressions of impassible mountain ranges. The rest of the American lands fanned out behind and above the blue of the ocean like a disassembled jigsaw puzzle. If you fit the pieces together you could begin to see the shape of how things had been before Quake Year, before the country was torn into fragments. She had seen the old map too, with its uncommonly huge shapes of green and brown, criss-crossed with boundaries and borders of the countries that no longer existed. She had always wondered how many people all that land must have held. She had heard of cities where people lived stacked on top of each other in boxes, though it had always been hard to believe. Now, the Americas were only sparsely populated, with Angel City boasting a population of close to twenty thousand. She’d been told it was the largest city, and the only one which was still properly civilized. But Finn was challenging everything she had once considered to be true and Ella no longer knew what she believed.
“I’m sorry,” she began quietly, intensely aware of a feeling of slipping into the deep end of a pool, “I don’t understand. This is all so confusing. You say the ocean is on the other side of the hills. Well, I guess they might have been hills once, but when the first quake came, the hills became mountains.”
Finn cut Ella short, “Oh yes, the Big One, I remember it well. It was the one they’d been waiting for, the great collapse of San Andreas, Santa Susana and the North Ridge, it was bound to happen sometime. It changed everything, it did. I remember the cities before that day – buildings so proud, people everywhere with their heads buzzing of numbers and facts – they hardly looked a young girl in the eye. I was always glad to leave those places, and now, well, I couldn’t go if I wanted to,” she paused, her face becoming sharp and dark, “It was months before I dared to go see the wreckage, though it seemed it was all that was on anyone’s mind. You could hear them whispering about it through the streets, the macabre show of what once had been. You’d think the smell would have been enough to keep them away. Though I suppose I wasn’t concerned for that either, the dead never bothered me half as much as the living. What sat heavy on my mind was what might have moved in after HumanKind was gone. Places that have been inhabited don’t easily go wild again – there is always a struggle involved, like the one out there,” she darted her eyes towards the shutters, pausing for a moment to listen to the gathering wave of nocturnal noise, “By the time I went close to the city, it was hardly there anymore. The fallen buildings had been carted off. Only the cement caverns underneath showed that they’d ever been there at all. We were lucky, the tallest ones ended up in the sea. When the land cracked down the middle, everything west of those hills just splashed right in, went belly up you might say. It was just like they’d always said it would be – what a laugh, I say. And I think they threw the rest of it right in there on top. So you see, sweet girl, the ocean is even closer now than it was when my toes were on its sandy shores, and there’s lots more to find, much more than seashells, I’d say.” 
Oceans rose in Ella’s mind, great expanses of water edged by crystalline sand. She remembered the pictures from her schoolbooks of the old harbors, filled with huge metal barges bringing in treasures from far off lands. Mother had showed her a book once with a picture of a boat with cloth sails nestled among rocking waves. She thought of Mother’s smooth face and kind eyes, could she really have been lying to her all this time? What would be the purpose of doing so? Father, of all people, never did anything without a direct result in mind. Finn sat quietly, her eyebrows raised expectantly. This woman, whom she’d know for no more than a few days was turning her entire view of reality upside down. She thought back on Hayden’s cruel words, “that crazy old lady,” and Finn’s ramblings in the yard. How much of what had been said over the past few hours really made any sense at all when held up to the light, when truly scrutinized.
“Why should I believe you?” she blurted out and, as she said it, a part of her twisted inside. How could she be doubting the very thing she waiting so long to hear?
“Hmmm..,” Finn let out slowly, letting her eyebrows rest as a smile hinted at the corners of her mouth. “I should’ve known you wouldn’t be an easy one. We’ll just wait then, it won’t be long, and there’s not going to be much choice in believing soon. The choice will be made for you.”
Finn took a few moments then, arranging herself on the sofa, settling in for however long it took. Nev reappeared, stepping out from underneath a low hanging fringed tablecloth. She yowled lazily and twined herself around Ella’s ankles. Other than the sanguine feline, there was no movement in the room. Finn sat as if in a trance, her skirt smoothed on her lap, her hands folded together neatly. She looked not at Ella, but at the space in front of her. Ella remained still, more unsure than ever of where she stood, in this time and place or even in the world at large. She felt as if she were perched on her seat, her body ready for flight. In her mind, however, she was surprised by a bleak stillness, she knew not what to expect and so she expected nothing. She was completely alert and aware.
The hush accentuated the din outside the house. The room’s uneasy peace was shaken by screeches and thunder - noises which, despite years of exposure, still brought up the repulsion and fascination of primal fear in Ella’s heart and mind.
Time slipped by, Nev retreated under the table and Ella’s shoulders had grown heavy. She was drifting away from the day and had almost surrendered to sleep when Finn stood up, “There it is,” she said simply.
She stepped lightly towards the stairs, and her hand caressed the top rail as she turned back to look at Ella. “Step up. It’s time now.”
Ella followed the old woman as she floated down the dark, narrow stairwell. At the bottom step, she leaned towards the heavy door, placing her cheek against the surface. Ella stopped above her, not wanting to intrude on what seemed to be very private. She glanced back up the stairs, where Nev’s silhouette stood sentry. Then she heard it. A light metallic tapping from the other side of the door. Ella sucked in her breath as Finn let hers escape. The ancient face smiled and her mouth spoke softly, “Hello, my dear brother.”
CHAPTER NINE - MORNING

The remainder of the night passed like a dream. Ella heard her name slip through a thread of whispers from Finn’s side of the door. She could hear nothing from the outside, only the initial tapping announcement, which she was beginning to believe that she had imagined. Finn, however, was enraptured by her seemingly one-sided conversation and disregarded Ella’s presence completely. Exhausted, she sank slowly down onto the steps as her body logged the hours ticking by. She wakened slightly when she heard her name, and when Finn laughed or swore sharply, but then fell again into sleep, her chin heavy against her chest. She opened her eyes to a gentle shaking of her shoulder, “Come dear, we must get you to bed. Henri’s set a nice spot for you and we’ve much work in the morning, up we go.”
She allowed herself to be led to a soft mattress that smelled of lavender. Her boots were pulled off and she drifted deep into dreams of rocky oceans thundering against the hills.

Ella awoke to the sound of Finn humming outside the bedroom door. The room was pitch black, and Ella waited for her eyes to make out the shapes of the furniture and identify the door by the pale stripe of light coming from beneath it. She felt around on the floor for her boots and pulled them on quickly, disoriented and eager to get her bearings. The night before seemed like a fantasy, or perhaps a dream. Could the things Finn had told her possibly be true? Despite her logical disbelief, there was a part of her which ached for the stories to be fact. Her heart skipped as she remembered the tapping she had heard on the other side of that heavy door, the heavy door she was now trapped behind, waiting for Henri to lead her back home and straight into Father’s wrath. If there was one thing that had become clear in the evening before, it was that she could not return home. Not until she had answers, real answers and not just more questions.
She stood up, strode to the bedroom door in three steps and yanked it open. Finn looked up from the table where she was standing, an array of boxes and small pouches laid out in front of her. 
“My dear,” she exclaimed, “you near tore that door off the hinges. That would be a fine way to start the morning.”
“Is it morning?”
“Almost there I imagine. I would think that mighty sun is just blasting its way up towards the top of the ridge now. About thirty minutes to go before the world is safe again.” She returned to her work at the table, picking through the contents of a dark wood tray in front of her. “If you want to wash up, do it quick, we have things to prepare before Henri arrives.”
“But I have to leave, now, before Henri gets here.”
“No means of that. But don’t you fret, that Father of yours will not see you today. Go wash up now, let me finish what I’m doing. I’ll explain it all.”
When Ella returned a few moments later, Finn was pulling tight the strings of a small red purse. She pressed it to her chest and smiled gently at Ella. “You and I, sweet child, are traveling together.” She deftly tied the pouch onto Ella’s belt and pulled her to the small couch. Nev leapt up gracefully on the other side of Finn and watched with blinking eyes. “Ella,” Finn began, “I must speak quickly and clearly. You’ll have to hold your questions, but I promise you that all will become clear if you’ll only listen and trust.” Her soft blues eyes looked into Ella’s, searching for something that Ella was sure Finn wouldn’t find. Ella nodded her head and swallowed the lump that had risen in her throat.
“When the downstairs door opens you must get past Henri, preferably without touching him. Nev will race out, you follow her, she knows the quickest way. Do not go home. You are not safe there. Do not stop, whatever you do, and do not return to this house until dusk. When the sun touches the peak of the mountains, it will be safe. Listen to me, trust me, this will truly be your only chance.”
“My only chance to what? What will happen if I don’t?”
“No questions. It will become clear. There is one more thing we must do, and I fear we’re almost out of time,” Nev glanced at the stairwell leading down to the rest of the house. “I’d like to put a dimmer on you. If you give your permission it will be stronger. Please do.”
Ella nodded again, eager to see proof of some of Finn’s stories. 
The old woman raised her hands upwards, her creased palms open. She spoke quickly, muttering sounds that Ella could not understand. She moved her hands flat over Ella’s head and a subtle warmth came streaming down her shoulders, sending its tendrils down her spine. Finn’s eyes were closed and when she opened them they brightened in a smile. “There, it’s done, but in that dreadful sun it won’t last past mid-morning, so be careful.”
Ella held her hands and arms in front of her, they looked just as they always had. She wasn’t sure what she had expected but she had thought something would be different. It didn’t appear that Finn had done anything to her at all.
“Come now,” Finn said in a calm voice as she stood, “Let’s wait at the door.”

The next few minutes cascaded in an avalanche of events. Ella could hear heavy footfalls in the house and then the metallic scrape of the combination locks being worked. In one moment, the door swung open, Ella’s thoughts erupted with a single command, “Go!”, and she felt a push like a gust of wind against her back. Her whole being willed her forward and she had just enough presence of mind to duck underneath Henri’s arm as he pulled open the door and began to step in. Nev darted into the kitchen at the end of the hall then paused, looking back momentarily at Ella before she disappeared from sight. 
“Where’s the girl?” Henri asked as Ella ran to follow her and winced immediately at the loud knocking of her boots on the hard floor. Henri’s question turned into a cry of anger and frustration and his own footfalls beginning after her, then a moan and a heavy noise. Ella glanced back to see that Finn had fallen to the ground, she almost turned back, but Henri was already at Finn’s side and again came the soundless command of “Go” and the accompanying push. With her greatest speed she followed Nev out the door and into the street.
Nev began a steady lope down the hill and Ella followed, trusting Finn’s advice. Soon, however, they were nearing Ella’s house and the events of yesterday came flooding back. There was no one behind her, perhaps Henri had let Ella escape, or else Finn was actually hurt and he was tending to her. In any case, she was in no immediate danger so she stopped and called Nev to her. The cat turned and looked at her, seeming to assess the situation before walking calmly back to wrap herself around Ella’s legs. She scooped her up in her arms and pet her head. “Not that way, Nev, it’s bound to be trouble.” Holding the cat, she turned to the left, and headed quickly toward the flats. 

The sun had taken full command of mid-sky before Ella felt safe enough to stop and rest. Nev had been leading her again now that they were away from the places where she might be recognized, and had kept her to smaller avenues which followed the direction of the old boulevards. They’d stayed near the foothills, keeping to the shade of overgrown oak and citrus trees. Many of the houses they passed had been abandoned long ago, huge estates that were either crumbled from the quake or too large to be liveable any longer. She knew that destitute families had once taken residence in some of these old houses, boarding up windows and doors to offer some protection from the Night. As she walked past she could spot these vacant dwellings and their current state sent chills through her body – their doors and windows now jagged maws, a burial ground of furniture and clothing tangled in the ever-encroaching underbrush.
One of the larger houses, however, had kept its grand personality. It stood open to the warm winds, with no doors or windows, but no visible damage done.  A great lawn had once presided in the front, with a white-washed fountain standing center and willow trees swaying softly around it. The lawn had since become packed dirt and spreading weeds, but the trees beckoned to Ella and she sat against the largest one, careful to position herself so she was shielded from the road. 
Ella stroked Nev’s back and wondered aloud, “What am I supposed to do now?” 
In answer, the cat stepped softly onto Ella’s lap and mewed loudly before placing one paw on the red bag that hung at her belt. “Oh yes, of course. Finn’s bag! Let’s look!” Ella’s hands trembled as she undid the strings that held the bag and a jangle of objects fell into her palm as she upended it. Ella’s stomach growled loudly at the sight of some coins. “This will buy us some lunch,” she said with satisfaction as she stacked them neatly on the dirt beside her. She turned her attention to an ornate antique key, solid and heavy in her hand. It took up her entire palm and a gold ribbon tied in a loop hung nearly to the ground. The key appeared to be made of brass, glinting softly as she turned it to see the intricate patterns that covered its length. But it was the stone in its handle that soon drew all of her interest. Ella could not see how it was attached to the key, there appeared to be no setting holding it in place. She could examine every side of its faceted surface, and in each angle she could see reflections within traveling deep into its gold core. She lifted Nev off her lap so she could stand and move into the light. Holding the key up to the sun she expected to see a glow radiating outwards. Instead, upon hitting the sunlight, the amber stone retracted all of its former beauty and became a common rock, grey at the edges and rough to the touch. She moved back into the shade, amazed to see the golden light return. After moving twice more between light and dark with the same results, she sat back down and said to Nev, who was settling back on her lap, “Things keep getting stranger and stranger.” She began to lay the key down beside the coins, and then thought better of laying it in the dirt and strung the looped ribbon around her neck, tucking the key safely into her shirt.
The last mystery in her hand was a small heart, made of dark, rich wood and smooth as glass. She held it tightly in her hand and closed her eyes. Her throat grew tight and her chest filled with heat. The words tumbled out of her as she pictured Finn in her mind, “I don’t know what I’m doing here, or what I’m doing at all. I don’t understand anything and, and… I really think there’s been some kind of mistake. Who is it that you think I am?” A tear fell softly on her hand, surprising her. She opened her hand and looked at the small wooden heart. “You said we were traveling together, Finn. But we’re not, I’m here by myself.” Nev turned and howled mournfully at Ella, with a distinct glare in her yellow eyes. “Of course, Nev, there’s you. But Finn said together, and she’s just not here.” Nev meowed again and lazily lifted her body to again place a paw on the velvet bag. “I’ve opened it, and yes, I suppose Finn’s heart is here? Is that what you mean?” Nev lay down again, purring with satisfaction. “And, if the heart is Finn…” Ella spoke softly to herself, laying the heart down carefully on the part of her lap which was not occupied by the impertinent feline. She pulled the key back out of her shirt by its ribbon, “Does that mean that I am the key?” She looked at Nev expectantly, but the cat had returned to a lazy slumber. It made sense though. Finn had said, “We travel together.” That must have been what she meant. Her spirits were momentarily lifted as she solved this little mystery. But they fell again, when she realized that was all Finn’s words had meant, and Ella was still alone.

Ella woke with a start. She hadn’t meant to fall asleep, but the afternoon heat and Nev’s soft purring had lulled her into it. The day’s heat was upon her, pushing down through the shade of the willow and lifting up from the packed earth. What was before a graceful curtain of willow branches had become a stifling shroud. Thankfully, she had not been noticed, although she supposed Nev would have warned her if anyone had passed by.
On her feet, she picked up Nev, “It’s time to find some food. Don’t you think?” She headed down a cracked sidewalk towards the boulevards and was soon out of the foothills and into the shade of the citrus and nut trees that grew in neat rows punctuated by the stubborn shells of crumbling mini-malls and office parks. This land that had once been a frenzy of business had returned to its founding occupation and Ella had no trouble finding stray fruit to stave off her grumbling appetite. She stopped to pick up a huge orange, when a voice caused Nev to spring from her arms and dart into the maze of trees.
“That’s a good one! Though a’times the big ones suffer on taste.” Out of the orchard stepped a farmer, his denim pants as faded as his face, both showing the work of many years in the sun.
“Is it okay, I mean, am I allowed to just pick them up?”
“Well a’course, ain’t no one that can’t have something so delicious when it’s just fallin’ off the tree.” The man laughed generously. “Though it ain’t usual to have crop-pickers dressed so nice, and out in the heat of it, too. But I might suggest that you only take from the road, darlin’, don’t venture into the thickness, not even for a juicy one,” He took a rag out of his back pocket and dragged it over his forehead, causing his hair to stand on end for a moment. “You lost?”
“No. I mean, yes,” Ella scrambled for what to say, “I think I am. Although, I guess I’m just looking for a place to buy something to eat.”
The man laughed again, “Buy yourself something to eat? Seems to me that your daddy, or maybe your uncle or your grandpap probably owns all this food around me,” the man swept his arm behind him, “and they’re probably wonderin’ where you’ve gotten yourself to, I’ll bet. Might just be I could help you find your way back to your own dinner table. Tell me your name and I’m sure I’ll know which house it is.”
Ella took a few steps backward down the street, “It’s okay, thank you, it’s very kind of you, but I’m not really lost. Just a little turned around. I’m here for… for a project, with my educational center. I just need to get to the boulevards.”
“Well you’re right smack middle of those, you’re past Ventura, and halfway to Victory. If you’re really needin’ for a bite, Victory’ll be the best bet, there’ll be some women there who’ll sell to the pickers, most would be taking their siesta about now, but one or two might’a be up and around, fix you up a bite. Sure you don’t want me to help ya’ find your way home though, I’d think somethin’ much nicer would be cookin’ up there.”
“No thank you, you’ve been very kind, I wouldn’t want to trouble you.” Ella began backing to the road.
“No trouble at’all. And take all the oranges you want, it never bothers me, they’re not mine no how!” His laughter chased after her as she walked quickly away. 
Out of sight of the farmer, Nev stepped from the shadows, resuming the lead. Ella traveled more cautiously, her dimmer must have worn off, if it was ever there at all, and meeting the farmer reminded her that, yes, these fields might actually be owned by her father. Not that he would ever be wandering in the fields, but it brought his presence closer to her and it wasn’t a comfortable feeling. Her hand crept up to the key around her neck and took some comfort there as she moved under the shadows of the trees.
It took longer than she had expected to reach Victory Boulevard, and she was sweaty and hot once she’d arrived. Thankfully, a single lunch cart was still open for business, despite the sun being almost directly overhead, and Ella purchased lunch from a plump, smiling woman whose array of goods was so foreign to her that she resorted to simply pointing at what she wanted. She ended up with tomatoes and cheese, bundled neatly in thin flat bread. She held out the coins in her hand, realizing she didn’t even know the value of each or how to pay. The woman plucked the largest one from her palm and slipped it into a box on the counter, then gestured towards a large barrel of water and a battered tin dipper. Ella took a moment to realize that she should drink from this communal vessel. Rather than acknowledge the disgust that lingered in the back of her mind, she was relieved to have the refreshment and to be easily accepted by this woman as just another hungry and thirsty someone. She had her fill and then cupped her hand for Nev to lap from before finding a shady spot to sit and eat.
With her stomach full, and her legs rested again, her mind now turned to making a plan. She had nowhere truly safe to be until dusk but she must stay out of sight until then. Father was not the sort of man to sit and wait. A flash of panic shot through her as she realized that Hayden might report her acquaintance with Finn. She couldn’t imagine what Father might say or even do to the old woman. Then the thought of the two of them together sent a faint smile to her lips as she realized that Finn could most assuredly hold her own against Father and keep Ella’s whereabouts safe. Mother, though, was another concern. She had never wished to hurt Mother, and she most certainly was doing just that. What must Mother be thinking – that Ella had been kidnapped or even taken by the NightKind. The guilt of it sunk into her chest, but there was nothing to be done. Ella could not, and would not, be shipped off to a prison disguised as a school. Mother would have to understand, and perhaps Ella would be able to explain it, though she had no idea when. For a moment she thought of how nice it would be to hear Mother’s voice, humming the old songs, like on the night in the cornfield.
Ella sat up straight, her heart galloping. That night! That wonderful night at the home in the cornfield! It couldn’t be too far from here, could it? She replayed the trip in her mind, trying desperately to recall where the house was, which boulevard her parents had taken, how exactly they had returned home. She had been in such a fog, swimming in hope and cynicism, she could only remember a blur outside the window. Father had been talking though, in an important tone that had driven Ella mildly insane at the time. He had been telling Hayden about the fields. It had seemed ridiculous to Ella – grapefruits belonged to one landowner, walnuts to another. But now it seemed incredibly important – it might help her get her bearings so she could find the home, and the girl. 
She walked back over to the woman at the cart who looked up from the corn she was husking and smiled, “Yes, missus.”
“Please, ma’am,” Ella slowed her speech down despite the drumbeat echoing in her ears, “Do you know who owns these fields?”
“Yes, missus. That’d be the Fine family.”
“The Fine family? Are you sure?” 
“Yes, missus, the Fine family got most of these fields”
So, she was in her father’s fields. Any of the workers here might know she was missing. Her heartbeat grew even louder and a bitter taste rose in her throat. She shook her head, it was not important. Finding the girl was important. She thought for a moment, she was sure they hadn’t driven through any of her own family’s fields. How far could Father’s holds stretch?
“Are there any other owners in this area? Maybe of walnut trees? Or perhaps grapefruit?”
The women stood up, brushing flaxen hairs of corn off her skirt. She walked to the middle of the hard clay street with Ella following her. She pointed northwest. “There, past the bird house, then the river, there’s some black ones, walnuts. The family Brocker got those.” 
“Black walnuts, they’re big trees, yes? They spread out wide?”
“Ah, yes, very, very lovely trees, they shade the world around, those ones.”
“Thank you,” Ella smiled broadly and her heart seemed to breathe. She felt like hugging the woman, but curtsied deep instead. The woman laughed.
“Ah, missus, you no thank me, you made this old heart happy with that smile.” The woman tapped her chest and laughed again. “Go’on, now, you bring me some of those black walnuts.”
Now Ella laughed and began walking in the direction the woman had pointed. She could remember the conversation in the car now, Father told Hayden how Brocker had some of the last walnut trees left, the black walnuts grafted onto the root systems of English trees. Once she could find the grove, she was sure she could get to the house. She repeated over and over what the woman had said, “past the bird house and the river”. She stepped up her pace and Nev loped along next to her, with an air of determination to match Ella’s step. Soon sweat was running down her back and she was longing to find the river and enjoy a cool drink of water.
Ella didn’t know what a bird house might be, she’d never even heard of such a thing, but within a mile it arose out of the shimmering heat before her, easy to identify by both sight and sound. The spreading squat building was made of red brick and held court over what was once a city park. Large double doors opened into a cavernous space that appeared at one time to be a gymnasium, but had now been overrun by thousands of geese and ducks. The birds had, in fact, overtaken the entire property and the streets around it, settling under trees in groups and flapping their huge wings in squawking arguments over food and nesting spots. The din was incredible and Nev begged to be picked up. Looking for any signs of the river the woman had mentioned, Ella began to make her way into the fracas, choosing her path carefully to avoid the largest birds, which hissed at her as she passed. Chickens and other small birds created storms of dust and feathers as they scurried out of her way.
On the far side of the building she could see birds splashing in and out of brackish water, and made her way in that direction, hoping the pond was fed by the river she was looking for. Once at its banks, though, she could see it was nothing more than a crumbling man-made pool with a long defunct and moss-covered fountain acting as a sunning place for some larger migratory birds. The water lay under a blanket of feathers and scum, its foul smell polluting the air. She followed the pond’s shore, scattering birds with every step. They flew up around her and pecked at her legs, making Nev climb up higher on her chest and dig her claws into Ella’s shoulder. There wasn’t any choice but to keeping shuffling forward and hope she’d run into the river. Nev growled low in her throat and Ella tried to calm her, “Nev, it’s okay. They’re just stupid, dirty birds, they’re not going to hurt you.” Then she let out shriek as an enormous grey goose bit at the back of her thigh. A decidedly human sounding snort caused the birds to scatter and clear the way. Ella spun, trying to determine who was there. A short cackle helped her to locate the source, an ironwork bench placed under one of the largest trees. In the middle of the bench, filling almost its entire width, was a mountain of feathers that seemed to move. 
“Who’s there?” Ella demanded, her heart racing. The mountain shifted its weight and feathers fell away, exposing the shadow of a human face which peered out from a swath of tightly wrapped rags. 
“Serves you right,” the mountain mumbled.
“Serves me right? For what?”
The voice took on a mocking quality, “They’re just stupid dirty birds, they’re not going to hurt you.”
Nev growled again and Ella pulled her closer to her chest, not sure if she was protecting the cat or the other way around.
The rags on the bench continued, “I’d get that creature out of here, they won’t put up with it, or you, for long,” and then in a swaggering drawl, “I’m the only one they put up with at all.”
“But I need to find the river. Is… there a river?”
One mottled hand raised up and a yellow fingernail pointed across the pond. “You’ll have to walk through the birds to get there.”
Ella swallowed, looking through the huge flock and Nev dug her claws in harder.
“Shouldn’t be a problem for you, they’re just stupid dirty birds after all,” and the mountain erupted into a high pitched laugh that shook more feathers loose.
Ella gritted her teeth, “Fine, thank you for your…. um… help.” She turned to go.
“Oh yes, that is fine, Mizz Fine. You be on your way, I wouldn’t want you to find any trouble around here, or, on the other hand, for trouble to find you.”
Ella spun on her heel to look at the figure again. As she did, the gnarled hand arced through the air releasing a heavy shower of seeds from its fingers. The flock sprang into motion, flying up and over Ella to get to the feast. Nev panicked and Ella cried out as the cat’s claws sank into her shoulder. Biting back the pain, Ella clutched her tightly and ran, ducking her head and crouching over to protect the both of them from the assault of wings and beaks, cackling laughter chasing after her. She followed the edge of the pond, hoping she was making her way towards the river, hardly able to see for the feathers and wings which had turned into a virtual tornado around her. 
Holding Nev with one hand, and batting at birds with the other, she finally reached an clearing with only a few waddling ducks. At this side of the pond, the avenue at its border rose up in a gentle bridge and a rusty sign was propped on its ledge. Depicted there was a tall bird, an egret of some sort, and faded words, “The Los Angeles River”. She looked below and saw only a concrete channel overgrown with sagebrush and tumbleweeds. Across the bridge Ella saw large spreading trees with fat rounded leaves. Black walnuts.
Within a few minutes she had entered the shade of the grove and stopped to rest, leaning forward with her hands on her knees and watching colors dance in front of her eyes. Nev began picking her way between the walnut shells with prancing steps. The smell of castile permeated the air, thankfully drowning out any remnants of the bird’s aroma. With a few deep breaths she was ready to get as far away from the bird house as possible, and she followed Nev. When her family had driven past this grove, it had been on both sides of the car, so she must get to the next boulevard and then turn east. She was sure she would bump right into the little house. It was not far from the walnuts.
Anticipation clouded her thoughts. That night seemed so long ago – when she had seen the moon’s face, and the radiant feather – her hand went to her pocket, slipping in gently to stroke the identical feather that she had found on Finn’s porch. The girl’s eyes had been a mirror of her soul, without words she had been understood and accepted. She was not the only one who dreamt of cool air and damp ground. Her step quickened and she reminded herself that she would need to be careful. The girl was probably not even at home. That thing with the birds had known her name. Had Father put word out that she was missing? And once she arrived, would the girl even be there? Did farmer’s daughters attend school? She could wait though, if there was a safe hiding spot, and a rest would be welcome. She’d been walking in the noon sun and was still dressed in her G.E.C. uniform. She yanked at her collar, longing for any hint of a breeze, and followed Nev on towards what she hoped would be a haven from the heat.

Ella’s shirt stuck to her back and sweat dripped into her eyes by the time they came to the driveway of the cottage. She looked down its curving length and realized they’d have to walk straight down the middle of it. Huge bougainvillea bushes now bordered it on both sides, the heavy green branches with tissue paper flowers in fuschia and tangerine had completely eclipsed the corn fields. The plant’s tendrils were reaching out to meet across the center, holding hands in triumph over the metamorphosis of what was once a wide driveway into a narrow path. The inch long thorns which were the hallmark of the plant’s survival would never grant permission for her to walk at the side of the path. She would be forced to walk in plain view to the front of the house, of which she could presently see nothing. Nev took a quick look at her and jumped right into the thicket, leaping over the vines that lay on the ground. Ella took a deep breath and followed quickly, wondering if she was about to give herself up for good.
Each step caused a ruckus in the quiet world around her, destroying any hope Ella might have had of staying unnoticed. Small birds flew up with peeping alarms when she passed and lizards sunning themselves darted a few feet away before staring at her with their heads on one side. There were other sounds too, deeper in the brush, chattering and scraping sounds that Ella turned away from, not wanting to see their source. The overgrowth became thicker the further she walked in, until she was forced to push aside the grabbing branches and step down onto a spongy mass of vines. She felt the vines close in around her and shoved down the stifling lump that was rising in her chest. She kept pushing forward, dodging the sharp thorns and yanking herself loose from the branches that snagged at her hair and clothing. Suddenly, the tunnel of greenery came to an abrupt end and she stepped out into the sunlight, blinking her eyes and shielding her face with her hand, then immediately covering her mouth as she let out a moan of despair. What had once been a house was now a mound of timber and glass. The garden was gone, ripped from the land with nothing left behind but huge scars raked through its rich soil. The front gate, which had clanged shut so merrily now grinned at her like a hellion’s teeth, its jagged edges and open gaps laughing at her shocked expression. The sun hit the shattered glass which littered the property and threw stabbing points of light at Ella. This was a ruined place. Someone, or something, had gotten to the family. A deep shadow fell across Ella’s mind. There was true danger here, things just as bad as what her brothers had teased her with as a child, things worse than that even. Her hand reached for Finn’s soft velvet pouch and felt the outline of the heart inside. She tried to tell herself that she was not alone, but the darkness behind her eyes wouldn’t believe it. Silently, stealthily, she stepped back into the sanctuary of the bougainvillea thorns. Looking down, she realized Nev had been waiting for her here, had never, in fact, stepped into the sunlight. She’d do better to notice more of what Nev was doing before she got herself into trouble.
They turned and retraced their steps to the boulevard, all the while, hoping the girl was somehow alive and safe.

Now that she had a lay of the land, she utilized the cover of the orchards to travel back toward Finn’s house. The shade under the walnut trees beckoned her and a hundred yards in she slowed her pace. Weariness fell heavy on her and her legs seemed distant as they plodded between the trees, kicking up small stones and dust as she went.
Nev slid along in front of her, low to the ground, her tail pointing back at Ella with the tip twitching cautiously. Ella kept her eyes on the cat, trying to match stride, but quickly falling behind. Soon her feet were dragging and she felt incapable of doing anything other than passively watching her boot tips coming and out of her line of sight. She was amazed that they continued to move forward in their leaden state.
A breeze came up then, gently stirring the leaves around her into a hush whisper. A quiet voice spoke into her ear, “Rest, little one, rest,” and she immediately fell to one knee. She attempted to rake some of the sharp rocks out from under her as she lowered her body to the ground but soon all she could think about was putting down her head and closing her eyes. But just as she felt herself drifting away into a blissful sleep, Nev was there, howling and pawing at her chest.
“It’s okay, Nev, there’s time,” she mumbled, and somewhere a whispered voice echoed, “Yes, there’s time.”
There’s time, she thought, and closed her eyes, falling into the bliss of the shade.
“Go!” 
That single word exploded between her ears, shocking her awake and her body upright. Her chest burned and she reached into her shirt, taking out the key, the stone in its center immediately bursting into a ray of light that disbanded the shadows around her. A spray of dust and gravel shot up and Nev hissed, her back arching wickedly.
Had something moved in the darkness of the trees? Ella jumped to her feet, peering into the darkness of the grove for whomever, or whatever, had been lulling her to sleep. She held the key out in front of her, careful not to touch the radiant orb at its center for fear of burning herself. She was chilled and damp under her clothes. What had been here with her, seducing her into slumber? Images of the being at the bird house crept into her thoughts and she shuddered with revulsion. Nev yowled and, thankfully, began to lead Ella out of the trees. The orchard had become a maze, each wide trunk a possible outpost for the host of monsters that her mind was busily conjuring. The shadows were curtains around her and she let the key illuminate her way, noticing that Nev also stayed within the boundaries of its amber glow. 
Finally, ahead, she saw the crease of daylight which filled the street. She half-ran into its warmth, never so happy to feel her eyes shrink in complaint as she turned her face up to the powder blue sky. Whatever it was lurking in the trees did not belong out here, she could feel it. In her hand, the key went cold and the stone’s glow retreated. She tucked it back under her shirt and knelt down to reward Nev with long strokes, the cat arching into her caresses. If anyone were looking for her, she’d rather face them here in the sun than with the things that lay in the shadows. She was soothed by the distant clatter of a cart being pulled by horses and a deep voice shouting commands to the team. Her only thought now was to reach Finn’s house. Something had tried to delay her. Something didn’t want her to make it back. 
Finn’s heavy key thumped against her chest as she strode back towards the foothills, intent on reaching her destination. As she turned into the familiar neighborhood of Los Encinos she slowed her pace and chose the shady sides of the street, as much for a respite from the heat as for the camouflage it offered. She had spent her entire life in the imaginary fortress of this neighborhood, with ghosts and monsters standing guard at the gates. She had tethered herself to a fabricated Eden, in which ignorance was truly bliss. But the stained glass window she had gazed at her entire life was now broken, the cracks which had taken root in the picture one year earlier had exploded and empty holes gaped in the scene. The question was, what would fill those holes?
The hard-pan of dust and gravel became soft grass and laid stonework under her feet. She stayed close to the large yards and away from the street, trailing her hand along the top of white picket fences and cast iron filigree. She looked at it all with newborn sight. How did it all remain so safe, so secure, so pristine? The state of excess equally puzzled and disgusted her.
Cars approaching from behind broke her train of thought. Quickly, she ducked down behind an stonework planter to hide from the vehicles. There were four cars in all, driving fast, and in the first one she caught the profile of her own brother, Hayden, his brightly colored jersey like a flag of battle as it flashed past her. 
She hesitated, but only for a moment, and then, despite Nev’s vocal protests, crept stealthily after the caravan.
CHAPTER TEN - FATHER

When she arrived on her block it was still and quiet – a typical Sunday afternoon. All the proper families would have been at Spiritual Services for the first part of the day and would now be visiting at each other’s homes. Ella had always detested Sunday, sitting in her row at the S.S. chapel, listening to the elected facilitators offer up their views on morality while laboriously hedging their bets so as not to offend any of the members. The visits afterwards were slightly less painful as she often wasn’t invited to any particular home and, instead, stayed with Mother, listening to her small talk in someone’s parlor while she daydreamed on a front porch. Mother had never hosted a visit, probably due to a worry that Ella’s lack of popularity would ensure its failure. Today, thankfully, the houses on the block all seemed quiet and empty, save hers, in which a cloud of dust was still settling over the cars in the front drive. Father stepped down from the porch and greeted the various men that stepped out with handshakes and claps on the back, but even from a distance Ella could see his tone was serious and direct. Could all these men be there because of her? Part of her hoped it was not so, it frightened her to think of so many eyes looking for her. After an entire night away from home, Father surely wasn’t planning to forgive and forget Ella’s transgressions. Another part of her, however, reveled in the knowledge that her absence had provoked this much anxiety on the part of her usually stoic Father.
She nested deeper into the hedge she was hiding behind. Her back was against a brick wall and though the branches were thick and dusty, the air was cool and she felt confident that she was well hidden.
The men, eleven of them in all not including her brother, moved into the house. She heard the screen door fall against its jam and then silence.
Nev had come into the hedge with Ella but stood with her back to the house, her eyes looking at Ella with a silent plea to leave. The low rumble of “go, go, go” started as a drumbeat in Ella’s head as she sat, hardly breathing, her eyes straining to see through the lace curtains of her own front parlor.
“I can’t,” she whispered, and the command grew louder, more insistent.
“I have to see for myself,” she hissed between her teeth, louder that she wanted to, and the drumbeat stopped abruptly. Nev sat, looking off in the direction of Finn’s house.
The curtains hung still, there was no one in the front room. Father’s study was on the far side of the house. The men were probably congregated there. She waited, not daring to change her position – hoping something would happen to satisfy her before the street was full of families returning home. The heat of the day and the familiar shadows told her it was less than an hour till dusk.
As she watched she caught movement in the upper story windows. There were men in her room. Her window slid open and father leaned out, a man in a heavy dark suit beside him. They seemed to be inspecting the sill around her window, Father pointing here and there and the man running his hands over the rough plaster. After a few minutes the men returned to their cars and pulled away, passing directly in front of Ella in the bushes. Hayden stood in the shelter of Father’s arm on the front walk. As they turned their back on the street and returned to the porch, the final car broke ranks and turned into a side street, pulling next to a huge oleander bush at the curb. The men inside pulled their hats low and sank into their seats. Father and Hayden had not noticed the stragglers and sat on the porch bench, staring out toward the road, toward Ella.
It was getting late, the face of her family’s house reflected the golden light of the now setting sun, but she was too frightened to breathe, afraid that any movement would shake the branches around her and draw their attention to her hiding place. She sat frozen, breathing shallowly, but stopped breathing altogether when a heavy black automobile rolled directly in front of her view. She had not noticed it approaching, which was surprising considering that its motor gave off a bass rumble and a putrid smoke. She tightened her throat against a rising cough as it sat in front of her. It must be a gasoline engine, she thought. It was huge, with shining chrome metal pieces highlighting the mirror of black paint. Its windows were black as well, so impenetrable that the car seemed to be driving itself. It paused for what seemed like an hour, while Nev and Ella sat like statues, statues with wild birds fluttering in their chests.
Finally, the wheels rolled away and into her own driveway. Father stood, and motioned for Hayden to do the same. A door opened and out stepped what Ella assumed was the driver, though he had been sitting on the wrong side of the car. He was the tallest man Ella had ever seen, and his height was accentuated by a strange jeweled wrap around the top portion of his head that bent backwards behind him like the top fin of a fish. She could not get a proper perspective of him as he glided up the porch steps in a flowing robe that spread directly from his chest to the floor. He nodded brusquely to Father and completely ignored Hayden, who was now clutching to Father as if he might fall. The man turned his back to them and faced the car. Father and Hayden followed his gaze, looking at the car expectantly. As Ella watched in horror, a rear window slowly lowered and out stretched a claw-like hand, pointing directly at her.
Ella’s heart sprang high into her throat. They had seen her! Father and Hayden were already taking long strides across the grass in her direction. Her body panicked and tried to expose her by fleeing right out into the open. She fought the urge, knowing that once she was visible Hayden could certainly overtake her in a footrace.
But to each side of her, thick branches prevented escape. There was no way she could fight through them and, if she did, the movement of the entire hedge would only confirm her location. Suddenly, Nev leapt up above her head, using Ella’s shoulder as a foothold. It hadn’t occurred to her that the brick wall behind her stood only four feet tall, though the hedge was almost triple that. They were now less than twenty strides away, Father shielding his eyes from the steadily dropping sun. She turned her back to them and jumped for the top of the wall, hooking her elbows on the top and swinging a leg up. Loud voices distracted her and before she swung entirely over she turned to see that her assumed persecutors had become saviors. The stray vehicle which had been successfully hiding from Father until now had pulled forward and blocked his pursuit. The men inside no longer slouched in secrecy but were standing tall in front of Father with the car doors left open wide. He stared viciously past them towards Ella and before he could search her out in the shadows of the hedge, she dropped out of view into the neighbor’s yard.
Ella followed Nev, knowing that the cat had a better sense than she of the quickest route. Bouyant voices called “Safe night” from the porches and walkways while she crept through backyards and under laundry lines. Doors were shutting tight against the darkness as families returned to the safety of their houses. She was still a block from Finn’s door when she began to hear the distinctive sound of shutters rolling out of their metal cases. Adrenalin fortified her for the final sprint straight up the sidewalk, there was no longer time for secrecy, darkness was at hand.
On the top of the hill, she could smell the roses in the cooling air before she could see them. To her left, far down the hill, she recognized Henri’s jaunty walk, his shadow stretching long and lean before him as he turned the corner and vanished. Her breath left her and her legs shook violently. There, beyond the gate, the sun sank behind the house. This is it, she thought, watching the colors around her dim and soften, I will finally know the truth. Her head reeled in dread and expectation. In front of her, the house was still, its upper story armored and silent. She darted through the gate and up the back steps, thankful that the lower floor of this strange house remained unlocked through the night.
Inside, without the sun’s dwindling rays, she had to feel her way through the kitchen and into the hall. She wrenched back the curtain to see the three heavy padlocks already shut tight against the night, against her. Before her closed fist could pound on the impenetrable door Finn’s voice came matter-of-factly, “It’s fine Ella, all will be well.”
“Well!? How can you say that! I’m outside!”
“Of course you are. It’s just where you need to be.”
Ella fell against the door, feeling hysterics begin to rise behind the tears that were already flowing down her cheeks. Tight laughter forced its way out of her throat followed by hiccupping sobs.
“Sshhhh…. Quiet now girl. Come close now, listen to my voice.”
“How can you be so calm! This is really happening. Happening to me!” her voice sounded alien in her ears, high-pitched and tight, as if were coming through a metal grate.
Finn’s words boomed out from behind the door, “Ella Fine, listen to me NOW.”
She felt her lungs expand with air, as if a balloon was being forced into her chest. At once, the air whooshed out until she was completely empty, taking with it the rocks and gravel that had been grating inside of her. She put a hand on the wall to steady herself. As she relaxed she felt a warm cloak of air descend around her. “What did you just do?,” she asked, her voice strangely calm and even.
“Nothing child, a little bit of help, that’s all,” Finn paused and seemed to take a deep breath herself, “That’s better. Now, Ella, there’s no coming through this door, we both know that.”
“Maybe I could catch Henri, he was just down at the corner.”
“Tch, tch. No, no, that would be no good at all. We’d be right back where we started.”
“Then where will I go?”
“To the cottage. Go there and quick. He knows where to find you.”
“Find me? Who?” Panic began to creep back into her voice.
“Sshhh… let’s breathe again girl,” and a moment later Ella was again calm. “Open your mind for a moment, I need to put another dimmer on you.” Ella did as she was told and a moment later Finn began talking through the door again. “Oisin will find you. He’s expecting you, and believe it or not, it’s exactly what you want, and need, I might say. It’s what we all need, by Goddess. Quick now, before the sun’s set, you should have a bit of a minute left. Nev, take her now!”
Nev, at Ella’s feet, yowled impatiently and began loping back down the hall. Ella moved as quickly as she dared, feeling her way out of the dark house and to the cottage. Outside, the day lilies were almost completely closed, their usually delicate petals metamorphisizing into bulbous sacks on spindly stems. The heady scent of night jasmine had already engulfed the yard. She could see, against the hills, that the sky had become a riot of orange and pink, the colors blending into each other with fingers of fire. She had never seen anything so breathtaking. She followed the color upwards, as it spread into purple and magenta, then finally, on the opposite horizon, to a deathly grey. It shocked her back to the moment and she gladly took the final steps after Nev into the shadows and dust of the cottage.
Ella pulled the door shut behind her, wincing at the rattle which gave away the meekness of the structure. For the first time in her life she longed to hear the solid clunk of shutters in their casements. How did she get into this position? Mother must be frantic with worry, and Anna as well. And how much did Father know? It was certainly a strange scene at the house. Thinking of that clawed hand made her knees go soft beneath her.
Nev mewed softly and Ella followed her to the back of the cottage, feeling her way to a sofa which had been released from its canvas drop cloth. On a small table Ella could just make out the shape of a sandwich and a tall jug of water. A bowl of milk sat on the floor and Nev lapped it up quickly. Ella’s stomach revolted at the thought of the sandwich, but she gulped down the water gratefully. The light inside the cottage had the last remnants of a golden hue, warm and yet severe as the shadows grew ever blacker and streaks of dust motes performed a final dance in the sun’s vanishing light. She settled onto the cushions and sent another flurry of dust up into the air. Ella sneezed, causing Nev to hiss and spit. 
“Okay, I’m sorry, I’ll be quiet,” she whispered back and received a low growl in return before Nev darted under the furniture and disappeared. 
Ella drew her knees up to her chest slowly and wrapped her arms around them, not sure if she was waiting in anticipation or apprehension. She considered stealing another glance out the dingy windows but couldn’t find the courage. Soon the noises would begin.
CHAPTER ELEVEN - OISIN

Oisin lay in the warm grass with his sister beside him. The heat of the day lay like a blanket over them and the sound of the brook played in melody with the wind in the beech trees. He felt for Keva’s hand, her small fingers fitting perfectly into his as they always had. He squeezed gently, too strong and they would evaporate, becoming just a memory and leaving him alone again. He resisted the temptation to turn his head and gaze at her profile. He knew from a lifetime of dreaming that she would fade as soon as he did. It was enough to know that she was there and feel her body warm against his side. It was this dream, their dream, that sustained him. He liked to think she had the same one, though he knew that unless she slept while the sun was high above they could not be having it at the same time. But perhaps it moved between them, from one to the other, keeping hope alive between them, the thought of someday again sharing that pure love that one human soul can have for another. He had abandoned it, decades ago, and the potential for more like it. He had been a foolish boy, entranced by riches and promises, by silken words and glittering eyes. Though he still looked to be that same boy, the years had dulled his youth and favor had fallen from him. Stupidly, he had pleaded for acceptance, for forgiveness of sins he was ignorant of and thereby redoubled his bonds to those who never would, or could, fill his heart. 
Keva, her smiling face and warm eyes, how he wished to have one glance to refresh his thirsty spirit. Against his own best judgment, he turned to look, the thick carpet of grass crackling in his ear. And, as had always happened before, within a moment she was gone.
Oisin opened his eyes in the darkness, momentarily bitter to have left his dream and then immediately elated when the events of yester-eve came to him. The time had come. He was going to meet the girl. He’d been listening to her for months, from the darkness outside her window, and Keva agreed with his conclusion, that she was the one, the Key, finally found after decades of searching. Oisin turned his attention to the corridor outside the small cavern he now called home, to the dank dripping of the walls and soft fluting of air through the maze of tunnels. All was quiet. He had woken before night-rise, the Folk were still asleep.
He moved quickly but silently, pulling on thick leather leggings and a dark hooded overshirt. He looped his satchel over his shoulder, unconsciously letting his fingers linger over the embroidery Mam had put there so many years ago. From the ledge above his bed he took his knife in its sheath and tied it securely to his thigh under the fall of his shirt. In moccasined feet he moved quickly but silently out of his small quarters and into the tunnel, letting his hands guide him.
He traveled upwards, keeping to the walls to avoid the constant trickle of water that ran through the center of the corridors. His fingertips trailed along the directionals etched in the walls, counting furlongs. At four he turned west and climbed two flights of rough stone steps, heading towards the hillside portal. In these upper levels households woke earlier – whistles and calls fell on his ears along with the sharp sound of flint striking for fire. He quickened his step, paying less attention to stealth now. Near the surface he was less known, these levels had been early claimed by the Ancient Ones as their native right and privilege and the halls rang with their chants and thick words. Oisin came some evenings and sat on the edges of the gathering chambers, watching shadowy dancers move in the firelight, a hypnotic ritual that moved heavily through him. He was enthralled by the synchronicity and cohesiveness of their movements, watching a group of twenty or more move as one - Ash Boys leaping almost to the roof, their sooty limbs visible only for the trail of sparks that came with their whoops and hollers; Wacabe, looking in all ways like immense black bears, but able to move with such delicacy and speed that there was no way to mistake them for one; and the small Ohdowas, who guarded all beings who lived here though they themselves hardly reached Oisin’s thigh. All threw themselves into the dances with intense ferocity and speed, a physicality that ignited something in Oisin that he had never experienced before. There were many more who graced these chambers, sheltering here as kindred spirits with those who were so different from them yet shared not only a purpose but a history and, someday soon, a salvation.
He wondered how the Folk below must appear to the Ancient Ones, if these wise souls suffered the same enchantment HumanKind was so guilty of. In the human world that Oisin had left behind so long ago it was difficult, if not impossible, for even the most clearheaded to resist the glitter and glamour of the Folk, most especially the Queen and her court. Even a glance from the plainest of court faeries would easily weave a fugue into the seer’s heart. At first, the court would appear to humans as a raucous crowd with bells chiming and laughter ringing, then one would be calling you forth and into the darkness you would go. Many had been lost this way, hoping for a single glance or whispered word from the beautiful being who remained just out of their reach. Oisin himself had been lost for many years. There were those of the Folk besides the Queen’s court, of course – the many Luchorpan, Banshees and Merrows, among others. But none relied on beauty and charm as the court did, and it was always spellbinding. Perhaps that was why the Ancient Ones so appealed to him. In their authenticity and full physicality they held a truth of purpose that was entirely absent in the Queen and her court faeries.
He had climbed almost to the top now and all of Under-earth was awake. The sounds of nightfall in the caverns faded behind him as he approached the portal. He bowed deeply to the huge Honga standing as guardian, looking much like the mountain itself with its immense folds of skin and gigantic head. 
“Greetings, brother, may I pass with blessings.”
The Honga stepped aside and dipped its heavy head in good will.
Oisin stepped through the portal, pleased at this first omen. If the task ahead was destined to fail, Oisin would not have received such a casual blessing from the being. The Honga knew how to protect their charges and Oisin was pleased to know that he did not warrant any extra concern. The heavy wooden door which sealed off the cave from the day was already pushed open, most certainly to allow the night’s fiercest protectors, the Griffins, out of the caverns. He wished he had their watchful eyes on him tonight but events had moved too quickly to present himself before the Council and ask for the help. He would have to serve as his own guardian, as well as that of his charge. The moon, luminous and cool, nearly filled the opening as he stepped above ground. “Greetings, Mother,” he whispered to her and took in a breath of the fresh night breeze. 
He moved more quickly now, following the paths that led down the steep hillside and into the houses below. It wasn’t far to Keva’s home and his feet knew the way. He had traveled it many, many times after Keva’s helper, Henri, had sealed the cottage entrance with steel and iron, knowing the heavy metals would prevent any of the Folk from coming near the underground portal. And though Oisin was not true Folk, he had lived amongst them for eight decades and much of their ways had become his own. Thankfully, Keva had been able to foresee Henri’s intentions of sealing off the cottage entirely and had used her own way of erasing the idea from his mind, thereby allowing Oisin access to what had become his only sense of solace, the memories of his life as it had been, as it should have been. To touch and hold the things that were once in their house on the moor, to see the photographs of Mam before they had left her, these things helped remind him of his essential humanity and that he had not become of the Folk entirely.  
It had taken him many years before he was able to bring himself to step into Keva’s house itself. She had left it un-shuttered in the hopes that he would do so, and he had known this, but the thought of his beautiful moorchild, her eyes filled with tears as he pulled her from Mam, and again when he himself left her, had been a great burden to bear. For years he could only stand to be near her in her sleep, bringing her gifts to find in the morning or just sitting and watching her eyelids flutter as she dreamed. But even this had become difficult, as she aged into a woman and he remained a boy, a teen-ager really. He realized that he had truly lost her then, she was no longer his moorchild to watch over and protect. Then the Quakes came and she was locked in tight at night with all the rest of HumanKind, unreachable. It was many years before his longing for connection, connection to something real, had overcome his shame and he had finally knocked at her door. She had been waiting, just on the other side, knowing that he would come.
On the surface, the Others were already awake and active, disturbing what could be a peaceful evening with their ever-present din. Even after so many years the noise still assaulted him. There were many nights he stayed Under-earth just to avoid it. The cacophony had a way of working into your thoughts until it became a part of you, drawing you into its misery and confusion. Perhaps that was why they kept it up, to cause chaos and make the search even harder. Tonight, though, nothing could keep him from his task. The search might very well be over.
He kept to the shadows, out of Mother Moon’s blue radiance. He mustn’t attract their attention. Oisin was the only human who walked after nightfall and the Others seemed to know what he was searching for. Rather than thwarting him, however, they carefully watched him instead, poised to steal the prize he might someday find. If they knew he was out tonight, they would take notice of his errand and the girl he would be bringing back with him. 
Soon he arrived at the gate of the house which had once served him as home, albeit briefly. He walked through and across the yard with only a brief glance at the front door. “Thank you, Keva,” he thought loudly as he pictured his sister, not as she must be now, but as he knew her then. Warmth flooded his limbs in return, a welcome bit of contact in what was a daunting task. A few steps more and he was at the cottage. He looked around carefully, scanning the darkness to be doubly sure that he hadn’t led a spidery Ictinike or a lurching Bogie right to their prize. He waited, listening in the dark. The yard and the house were silent. Warmth flooded him again and his sister’s gentle voice whispered, “Safe.” He turned the handle quickly and stepped inside.
He saw her immediately. She sat stiffly on a far sofa, the one that Mam had kept in the front room so many years ago. There was a faint bluish haze around her which screened her face but faded below her neck, the best Keva could do through the heavy door to her room. Her hands were slender and pale, and belayed any attempt she might be making at appearing confident by petting Keva’s cat with fretful and jerky strokes. Nev escaped the torment and walked casually to Oisin, twining herself between his legs. The girl relaxed visibly, letting out an audible breath which gently dissipated a bit of the mist around her. 
Good, she’s learned to trust Nev. Perhaps she can learn to trust me as well.
“She put a dimmer on you, did she?” he whispered, taking a step towards her. She nodded once, slowly, and retreated a bit further into the cushions.
“Did she tell you I was coming?”
Another nod.
“Did she tell you why?”
The girl was still, and her hands began pulsing into tight fists.
She’s terrified, as well she should be, I suppose.
A tear dropped silently onto the pale fingers in her lap. Nev returned to the girl, sacrificing herself to be her worry-thing as the girl’s hands resumed their nervous stroking. Oisin followed Nev to the sofa and the girl shrank from him, but not by much. He knelt before her, one knee in the dust, his right hand palm up before her and the other crossing his chest – showing her the honor that she obviously was unaware she was due.
“I am Oisin. I am bound to you.” He watched her silently, waiting for the traditional words of reply “And I to you,” but they sounded only in his thoughts. Instead, the frightened girl inhaled sharply, again shifting the haze that surrounded her.
Now it was his turn to gasp, for as the dimmer shifted, he caught a momentary glimpse of her face.
“What? What is it?” She spoke at last, her words filled with breath but rooted well, not quavering as he had expected.
He dropped his face in apology, and more than a modicum of shock, “My apologies, you resemble a one I know.” And not just any one, he thought to himself, the Queen herself, save for the color of her eyes. He kept his head bowed, hoping the dimmer would hold a while longer.
“Ella,” she said simply, and placed her hand before him, “If it pleases you.”
He took the slender fingers in his own and brushed his lips over them quickly, not sure if that was what she had expected, but he knew nothing else to do.
The hand withdrew gently into the mist which was now only lightly surrounding her face.
“We must go now.” He stood and held his hand out again, hoping he hadn’t offended her. She entrusted him with her grasp and stood.
“Where?”
He began to lead her towards the door, “To my home, but we must be quick and quiet. I know you have questions, but you must hold them for now. There will be time to explain all when we’re Under-earth.”
Her hand escaped and she stopped behind him. He turned to her, searching out her eyes through the mist. Once again, the amber glow in them took his breath away.  I need to stay focused. He put his heart into his words, “I am bound to you. You must trust me.”
Her hand found his again and she took a step towards him. He looked back for the cat, “Nev, we’ll need you, come to me.”
She appeared at the door, twitching her tail to be let out. He opened it slightly and she slid through, returning in a moment to look up at him before disappearing again into the darkness outside. 
“Nev says it’s safe.”
Oisin stepped outside, peering first upwards at the moonlit sky to check for any flying spies before allowing Ella to follow him. Nev had already darted across the yard. Oisin took a moment to bow his head toward the house and send an “All’s well” to his beloved sister, then they were out the gate and traveling through the neighborhood into the hills. The pace was much slower than Oisin hoped for, with Nev scouting ahead and Oisin listening to gauge distance and direction of any Others in the vicinity. The girl was nearly blind in the darkness and after two heavy stumbles he realized they must pick their way carefully around the ruts and cracks in the pavement. Twice they were forced to take cover when Nev alerted them to shadows flying by overhead. The girl kept her head down when this happened; not looking at whatever beast might be hunting them. Oisin was grateful that she did, panic would not serve them well. It took longer than he’d hoped to get out of the neighborhood and near the portal and crossing the last remains of a street and moving into the underbrush she stopped, abruptly pulling his arm behind him. She was frozen in the blue of the night, gazing upward at Mother Moon. Her neck was long and curved, her hair fell loosely down her back, her cheeks and forehead were lit in moonlight. She’s a vision she is. The Queen will not take to her easily.
A sharp rattle in the bushes nearby brought them both to their senses and he pulled her into cover. But she stopped again and he turned to her with a warning in his eyes. She pointed past him up the hillside, her eyes wide with alarm. Pushing her behind him he turned to face whatever might be in their path. There, blocking the way, was a small shaggy horse watching them with doe-eyes. He stifled a laugh and pulled her closer. She moved towards him gratefully and he spoke in her ear, “A Doonie. It is good, and it is here to guide us. We will follow it.” Yes it is good it was a Doonie and not something else. But it is not well that we’ve been discovered, even by a Doonie. It was surely sent to bring them to Court.

They followed the animal directly to the portal and into the column of light which poured out into the night. It would be an abrupt introduction to Under-earth for the girl but there was no other way, the Queen would not be kept waiting. Soon she would be in the midst of it all and he hoped she would be prove sturdier in spirit than she seemed. He glanced back at her and caught her eyes, wide and unblinking, their amber spark piercing now through the dimmer that still shimmered slightly around her. They are so lonely, those eyes.
Then her gaze shot beyond him and he turned to follow it. The Honga was there, at post and chanting softly, a huff huff sound escaping rhythmically from its hulking body as it swayed heavily from side to side. Oisin turned back to her, ready to take her hand again and reassure her that the Honga was a friend, but she had stepped past him and towards the being, a smile playing at the corners of her mouth, her face smooth and curious. As he caught up to her she asked, “What is that?” her voice devoid of any fear or concern, but rather full of curiosity and wonder.
“Honga. Native American. A guardian to us, of the Ancient Ones.” He felt her turn to look back again and a smile touched his mouth as well to know that she could see beauty in the being. Perhaps she’s not as fragile as I thought.
They continued after the Doonie down to the mid-levels. All the inhabitants of Under-earth were awake now and life echoed through the stone corridors. In every passageway she gasped and paused, staring in amazement at the beings going about their work. When a group of Coblynau passed them in the corridor, their huge eyes staring up at her and their reptilian tails dragging behind, she stopped in her tracks to watch them pass then turned to Oisin, her face lit with astonishment. 
“There are many here, you will know them all in time.” He pulled her along as they moved further into the earth. They were soon surrounded by the clans of the Folk, those who had enchanted him so deeply that he had left his true family and ended up here in the dark. As they made their way towards the Court, they passed many of his adopted brethren, all stopping to see the strange human in their midst. Some nodded, others whisked off their caps and bowed. So it was that the girl was received, by Brownies and Sprites, Luchorpan and Elves as she walked to meet her first challenge.
CHAPTER TWELVE –COURT

“Who are they?” she asked in his ear, staring back at the spectators who lined their path. 
“They are the Folk, many different clans.”
“You mean,” she paused slightly before saying it, “faeries?”
“No, not these. The Folk are more than just faeries now. All of the beings from across the water are part of the Folk. The smaller ones there, in the brown cloaks and shaggy beards, they’ll be your Brownies, helpful to have near. The other smallish ones, with the colored caps, the Luchtaine, another friendly type, but don’t go near one with a red cap, that’d be Far Darrig, and he can’t be trusted.”
She squeezed his hand tightly, “And her?” jerking her chin to the left and averting her eyes.
He smiled and nodded to the hag-woman standing at the end of the line. Her thin white hair floated down around her and pooled at her feet. Pale yellow orbs glowed from her weathered face. “A Banshee, and considering she’s here and not above, she’s probably yours. You may have heard her some nights, keening beside your window, that’s a sound you’d likely not forget, as if your very heart was dying. She protects you when dark things are at your door.”
Ella released Oisin’s hand and walked to the hag, looking her in the eye and dipping into a graceful curtsy before returning to his side.
“You have heard her then,” he acknowledged as she met his eyes with gratitude.
Ahead, past the candle-lit corridors, the entrance to the Court glowed in drifting pinpoints of yellow and pink lights. It was an awesome vision and he spoke out loud, “There would be your faeries.” The dancing colors brought the intricate carvings which adorned the archway to life in shadow and movement. Here was pictured the first history of the Folk, from their service of the Goddess Dana, through the many battles of the promised land and their eventual retreat to the Sidhe mounds. Above the scene was etched the two letters, “TD”, and the girl paused to stare at them, “Like Finn’s box,” she said. The doonie stopped in front of a great oaken door, heavy and formidable, one of the only closed portals in this – the Branagh of Under-earth.
Nev dropped to her haunches silently beside it and looked up at the girl. When she bent down to pick up the cat, Nev growled low in her throat. 
“She won’t come in, not to the Court. Cats have never liked the Fair Folk. And Nev is a witch’s familiar, they wouldn’t let her cross the threshold.”
The girl stroked the cat then rose and stood next to Oisin.
“When the door opens, stay with me. Do not let them take you from me. These are not the faeries of children’s stories. They are many, but they are not strong, they can not overpower you unless you let them. Remember this above all things. If you begin to forget, look at the ground. I may pinch you to wake you, do not be surprised. When we approach the dais, show the Queen your respect but do look her in the eye, do not look any of them in the eye. A pinch might not wake you then.” He thought of Ella’s face, “You should know that the Queen may not be kind to you. She will see you as a rival, so be careful in what you say and do. But above all, remember, I am here, I am bound to you. You and I will stand together.” 
Through his speech she remained fixed on the door before them, her face knotted in concentration, her chin lowered and her shoulders square.
She looks as though she’s going into battle. It may turn out to be just that. We shall see.
“What do they want from me?”
“What we all want,” and as the doors swung open and the noise of the hall was upon them he could not be sure if she heard his final word, “Freedom.”

It seemed as though only a moment had passed since he had last been in Court. The smells welcomed him first; the rose buds of spring and winter’s thick narcissus; the dusty scent of autumn leaves and the pungent crispness of orange blossoms; and somehow above it all the unmistakable tingling of sunshine entering his body like warm syrup. His olfactory senses cued waves of memories he had learned to bar from his mind’s eye. It was no wonder he had lost himself in this chamber for so long. There was no other place where he could so easily forget about the night that imprisoned them all.
As his feet sunk into the thick green carpets, he heard voices calling his name above the tinkling of miniature bells and harmonic singing chimes. Many in this hall still loved him and it was those calling his name that had saved him years before. It had been on the very dais that they now approached where he had knelt, awaiting his judgment and clinging to those voices, ringing through the air like birdsong and into his soul, knowing that if these were his last moments, some who loved him were near.
Now, he kept his eyes down, watching the floor in front of him, not daring to look up into the faces of those who called to him. Like the girl, he must guard against enchantment. He must stay clearheaded. His stole a glance at Ella and was relieved to see her face was lowered. As they reached the end of the platform all sound instantaneously ceased. The time has come. She is here – the fairest of them all, the Queen.
Ella no longer trailed behind him but had come to his side, standing shoulder to shoulder with him. He felt her grip tighten and a tingling creep into his arm. She looked at him, her face pinched with concern, and softly whispered, “Are you alright?”
He found the softness in her eyes, “I am fine.”
Relief touched the corners of her mouth but the tingling in his arm intensified until it spread into a liquid warmth that filled his chest. Just like Keva, he thought, But does she even know that she is doing it?
Together they walked down the pathway that opened before them, a sea of shimmering beings banking them on either side. Above them, the twinkling lights pulsed slowly and occasional shimmers fell around them like starbursts. “Oisin,” his name was spoken in a voice as delicate as spun sugar and as commanding as a mighty sword. They had reached the end of the path and were standing before the most powerful of the Folk. His body yearned to move closer to the voice, trace the syllables of his name to their source and take his destined place at her feet. Instead, he held tight to the first human he had touched in decades and kept his eyes trained on the carpets at his feet.
“My Queen,” he replied, bowing his head deeper.
“You have returned to me, and it gladdens my heart. It has been ever so long since you have visited us. Too, too long. Do you not love us?” 
A petulant question, but not surprising. Recollections of those she had harmed, or her own role in the events of their misery were not memories she ever collected.
“Yes, my Queen, I love you and all the Folk.” 
At this the chamber erupted into music and he could imagine her in front of him, her graceful hands lifted above her head conducting the celebration. In a heartbeat though, the silence returned.
There is more to face. 
Her voice came again, with a fawning tone which suited her so poorly it could only be interpreted as maliciousness. “He loves us, he does. Yes, that I can see by the set of his eyes and the turn of his chin. Why is it that my loved one does not turn his gaze upon us?”
The room quivered in expectation. To look at the Folk, most especially the Queen, was a great risk to take. If one caught his eye, in a blink he could lose himself and, in that blink, years would pass. And as one once enchanted he was doubly prone to capture. 
“My Queen, it is enough to hear your voice, my heart is filled and I am sated. I am pleased to be with you, and I have brought the girl.”
The room began to buzz again and he heard the sound of movement before them. The Queen’s gown came into his view, a sea of green gently swaying as mote faeries danced among the many layers, giving the dress a living, breathing pulse. Her beautiful hand passed before him, bringing back pictures of its slender fingers enfolded in his own. The smell of her drifted over him, permeating his head and forcing him to breathe in short shallow gasps. He closed his eyes to escape the hypnotic movement. A dull throbbing was in his temples and his legs felt heavy and thick. A pinch on his wrist brought him back to his senses and the girl slid her hand into his own again, sending another tingling jolt up his arm. Blessed Ella, thank you.
“Those that love us,” the Queen spoke, “do not shake in the knees and stare at the rugs. Perhaps we can get this girl to address us properly.”
Oisin responded to the threat by raising his chin and forcing his lips into a smile.
“Ah, there you are my love. Beautiful boy, it is a pleasure to see your fetching face.”
Now the pale fingers again came into view and traced his cheek, leaving a warm brand behind. He felt something alight on his shoulder and a voice, ever so small, in his ear, “It’s no use, Oisin, you are hers, always have been.” He swatted the malicious sprite away.
“Oisin, what ever is it? Grant me the pleasure of your beautiful eyes.” 
The hand traveled to his chin and began to pinch while the room softly hummed with the arousal of thousands of beings, either cheering for or against the seduction their Queen was forcing upon him. The sound resonated in every bone of his body and he squeezed his eyes shut, focusing on sending all of his energy, all of his concentration into his palm where he could feel Ella’s hand, his only connection to reality.
The Queen’s voice was now in his ear, “Come now, Oisin, let us play. Come to my side, where you belong, where you have always been, truly, in your heart.” He felt her hand now lightly pressed against his chest. Her mote faeries swarmed around him, moving in his hair and his clothing, adding their frenetic energy to the still escalating tremor in the room.
I must hold out, she will tire of this game.
But his thoughts were beginning to fade and the reasons why he had come were drifting away from him. There was a hand in his, squeezing frantically, but he couldn’t remember why or what it meant. He released his grip, feeling incredibly tired. Then, just before he succumbed entirely to the enchantment, a great hush descended abruptly on the room and the Queen herself gasped – a sharp sound followed by an almost feline growl of anger. A voice rang out, a voice rich with emotion, but humble. Three simple words, spoken with the weight of a thousand, “Leave him be.” 
Immediately the swarm around him vanished and all was silent. It was Ella, and her words had triggered a centuries old fear – the fear of HumanKind. Oisin was shocked to realize that even here, even now, vastly outnumbered and out of place, the human still wielded power. If I had spoken with such command, would the result have been the same?
The words hung in the air and Oisin was fortified by them. He opened his eyes, slowly, and turned to look at she who had saved him. There was fire in her features now, that he had not noticed before, a blaze high on her cheeks and her teeth clenched tightly behind parted lips. Behind and around her the room was fixed as stone – the first defense of the faeries, to lessen and still. They were all the size of dust motes now, excepting, he supposed, the Queen. He couldn’t imagine her lessening for anyone. She confirmed his thoughts, gliding smoothly into view, her skirts laying still and her hands keeping to themselves.
“Why, you’re a pretty one, and familiar to me,” Oisin could hear the spite in her voice and he wondered if the Queen recognized herself in the human’s face the way he had. “What do they call you,” it had the tone of a command, rather than an inquiry. The room seemed to find some relief in hearing their Queen’s voice and the air began to softly shimmer again.
He looked to Ella for her reply and his heart leapt into his throat. Her eyes were wide open and staring directly at the Queen. He held his breath, his mind scrambling through ways he might distract the Queen before she had a chance to lock gazes with the girl. Perhaps it was too late and she had already been struck dumb. He squeezed her hand, hard, praying she would look away. Then, just as he was finding the words to draw the attention back to himself, her voice again filled the space.
“My name is Ella, Ella Fine if it pleases you.” She followed this with a small bow of her head and then, to Oisin’s despair, again looked directly forward at the Queen.
“If it pleases me?” a hollow laugh sounded, prompting a cascade of titters and a greatening of the rest of the court. The emerald skirts had again taken on their rhythmic swaying and the air around them shimmered with movement. “You would come to my court, challenge my authority with your human voice and then ask if it pleases me? No, Ella-fine, it pleases me none at all.”
Any pretense at coyness or pleasantry had left the dais. The Queen was asserting her darker position as the ruler of the Unseelie court now.
She has no idea of the danger she is in. He looked at Ella, pleading silently that she make some sort of amends, and entirely unsure if she would be able.
Ella spoke softly, but clearly, and every being in the chamber heard her words, “I have offended you, it is best for me to leave,” and she began to turn away from the platform. Oisin was shocked, this was a direct affront to the court. No one turned their back on the Queen.
A sharp gasp escaped from the audience, followed by a high-pitched whispering. It was the sound of worry. “Oh dear, let us forgive,” the Queen said and laid her hand on Ella’s arm. “We are a forgiving sort. Come, we can talk.”
As the Queen took Ella by the hand and guided her onto the dais, the buzzing in the court belied the faeries’ relief. Oisin couldn’t help but grin, It seems they are matched in more than just beauty, he thought. 
The Queen drifted down into an island of fabric and cushions that took center stage, arranging herself on her side, sprites and shimmers perched around her. With a flick of her hand she sent the motes away and her skirts drifted down to settle around her legs. Oisin knelt and Ella moved in close beside him, her knee pressing against his.
“Music!” the Queen called and a meandering melody filled the court. Oisin focused on the sumptuous fabrics before him and watched as miniscule blossom faeries brought buds of night jasmine to the Queen, laying them in a circle around their mistress.
“I am wondering, Ella-fine, if you know why you are here?” The Queen had resumed her charms and toyed coyly with a bough of the fragrant blooms in front of her.
“I wish I did, but I must admit I don’t,” Ella’s voice was tight and thin.
“These things are a bit of a wonder to us all, how the bird finds her way to the nest, how the river meets the sea. But you were brought here,” and an accusing tone crept into her voice, “Did your captor tell you nothing?”
Ella paused, obviously not wanting to cause any further antipathy towards Oisin. He took the cue, “There was not time, my Queen, I found her and came directly to Court.”
“Oh yes. And we are sure that it was your intent all along, to come to court.”
“Of course,” Oisin held his gaze low.
“Of course,” she echoed, and then paused, lifting the bough of jasmine flowers to her nose. A matched pair of rosebud faeries lifted off the blossoms and floated to the floor. 
“I had always thought these to be lovely. There is something of a mystery about them. They bloom only at night you know, not needing the sun at all.” She inhaled deeply and then clenched her fist, mashing the flowers into a shapeless wad before dropping them onto the carpet. “I detest them now. They’ve been destroyed for me,” Her voice took on a vicious tone and Oisin felt Ella leaning towards him, “So many things which were once my inspirations have become my prison. Do you understand, Ella-fine, I am trapped. We are all trapped. Trapped in darkness. I have not seen the sun, or a rainbow, or even a blade of grass in decades. The warmth has left my skin and I sit in this well, and wait.”
“Wait for what?”
The Queen answered briskly, as if the question were an annoying pest to be swatted away, “For you, of course.”
Ella’s eyes narrowed and her lips thinned into a sharp stripe. The Queen’s voice retreated and became smooth and sweet again, “Not too worry, Oisin will explain all to you. It is time now for rest. Day-rise will soon be upon us. Go with him. You will return to us soon.” 
With that the Queen’s hand flew up in a flourish and the music that had disguised their conversation erupted into full splendor. They strode quickly through the whirling rainbows of color and back to the door, hands intertwined, ignoring the whispers of their names as they were beckoned to join the dance. In a moment they were through the archway and back in the world of the more common Folk, who had gone on to their final tasks of the night and left the entry vacant.
“She’s awful.”
“Yes, that she is.”
“And extraordinary, and.. and…,” her voice trailed off as she turned to Oisin, taking up both his hands now. “Is she really who you say she is? Is that really what it seemed to be?” Her eyes glistened like crystals, dark and wide and searching his face for the truth of it all.
He said the exact thing that she most dreaded and desired, “Yes. Yes she is and yes it was.”
“There was something about her, something made me want to stay. It felt sad to leave.”
“That’s part of her magic, and it’s quite remarkable that you fared as well as you did.” In fact, it’s unbelievable. There’s something to you, Ella, something different.
“But you lived there? With them all?”
“Once. I was the last of her human consorts. She can get no more now, though she perhaps did not realize it was really so until she had banished me. Now she misses the companionship. She often finds her court tiresome and her minions are not much for conversation.”
“Banished, but why?”
He began to walk with her, down the wide stone passageway, towards his own quarters.
“I will tell you all, as she said. But first we must eat and settle. Time passes quickly in the court and now the fires are dying and we should get to my rooms, it will be more difficult for you in the dark.”
“Tell me as we walk.”
“No. There are things for you to see, and learn. We have a long day before us, plenty of time to talk then.”

They walked together through a vast network of stone tunnels and passageways. Oisin pointed out the directional carvings on the wall which could be followed by touch when the tunnels were dark. He explained that the small pinholes in the rock from which warm light and heat spilled were vents of huge bonfires kept burning through the night to provide light and warmth for all underground.
“The Dwarves made the caverns as comfortable as they could, they’ve a way with it, thank Goddess. But there’s more than just comfort. Let me show you,” he took her hand and led her into a damp, narrow corridor. The walls closed in around them as they walked and just when she was sure it was a dead end they stepped into a huge cavern alight in a multitude of yellow and gold. The walls looked like spun sugar, a delicate filigree of lacework covering each one. Throughout the space immense, ghost-like columns stood, reaching upwards. Ella followed their path upwards to the ceiling of the cavern, which was covered with an amazing architecture of phantom chandeliers reaching downwards with delicate fingers coaxing the columns up to meet them. 
“What is this place?” she whispered, concerned her voice would shatter the milky white forms around them.
He answered her softly, “One of our gardens, a grove if you wish, though the trees are not yet fully grown.”
“How is it made?”
“I do not understand it completely myself, but it has to do with calcifying the rock. We make it happen, with water and a touch of the lime-earth. It takes years and years, very patient work.” He pointed towards one of the yellow lights and Ella realized it was a lantern, glowing from within the dense fog of a column and fixed to the top of a slight being, no larger than a five year old child, who was somehow perched within.
“It’s not trapped is it?”
“No, no. There are passageways through. They know, they’ve made them.”
“What are they?”
“When we came underground we all had to change our ways. They were once Dryads, in union with the trees above. Now they are here and we call them Makers.”
Reluctantly she followed him out of the grove and back into the corridor. They walked slowly on, each step now painful to her tired feet and her head becoming too heavy to hold upright. Gracefully, Oisin bent and lifted her into his arms, carrying her through the cavern. She resisted for just a moment then found herself sinking into sleep. Just moments later she opened her eyes as Oisin placed her down onto a layer of thick carpets padding a rock ledge in a smaller, room-sized cavern.
“Rest. I will get us some food.” He stepped back into the corridor and sleep was fully upon her.

She woke to a soft whimpering and the rasping feel of a warm, wet tongue on her hand. In the dimming orange light was a medium sized animal looking at her with its head tilted sideways. Pictures of such things from storybooks helped her identify it as a dog, and a good-sized one, though this one was slightly different than she remembered. Its head hung down below its pointed shoulders and its thin body culminated in a long bushy tail sticking straight out from a narrow rump.
Seeing that she was awake, it whimpered again and scooped its pointed nose under her hand. Reflexively, she stroked its head, thinking of Nev and wondering where the cat had gone.
“Who do you belong to?” she asked softly. In response, it turned and took two steps towards the entrance to the cavern, looking over its shoulder at her. She swung her feet to the floor and sat up, stretching after her short, but replenishing, nap. The animal gave an impatient yip and took another step towards the door.
“Where are we going?” she asked, more to herself than the animal. Stepping to the dog’s side she looked out into the tunnel to see that it was much darker than when she had traveled through it before. “Did Oisin send you?” she wondered aloud and then, as if summoned, he appeared at the end of the corridor, with a satchel slung over his shoulder.
“Ella!” he called out sharply and began running towards her. In an instant the dog darted past her and sprinted off in the opposite direction, disappearing into the shadows. Oisin ran a few feet past her, peering into the darkness, then spat loudly in the direction the animal had run. He came back to her, panting.
“What did it tell you?” he asked, taking her arm and pulling her back into the cave.
“Tell me? Nothing. It was just a dog.”
“That was no dog. It was a coyote, and a big one, too. Did it say anything at all?”
“A coyote? I didn’t know… all it did was whimper a bit, and a short bark, or yip, once.”
“And when it did that, no words came into your head, or sudden thoughts.”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“But you were at the door when I saw you.”
“It wanted me to follow it. I thought you had sent it.”
“Ella, listen to me closely. If ever I send anyone for you, you will know. You will know by the name of my sister. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”  
Oisin met her eyes, searching for the commitment in them. Satisfied he sat on the floor and began pulling items out of the satchel, laying them on a small reed mat. It was a veritable feast; meats, breads and small clay dishes of green and orange vegetables. She sat before him and was stricken by how famished she was. But before eating, Oisin reached across to her and they formed a circle with their hands. He spoke softly, but clearly, the heavy lilt of his Irish brogue coming strongly forth “Go lonrai an ghrian go te ar d’aghaidh.” He paused for a moment then spoke again, “May the sun shine warm upon your face.” He released his grip but Ella held tight and waited for his eyes to meet hers. She spoke softly as well, struggling to keep control of the two simple words she wished to say, “Thank you.”
He nodded once, his chin pausing on his chest, his eyes briefly closed, and they bent to their meal.

They ate in silence, Ella suddenly ravenous, and by the time they finished the cavern was nearly pitch black. The sharp crack of flint hitting stone made Ella jump in surprise. Oisin, in one expert blow, sent a single spark into a small bundle of dried grass and then, scooping it into the hollow of his hand, blew gently, conjuring up a lick of flame. He placed the bundle in an open-sided lantern set into a small recess in the wall of the cavern. A myriad of glittering stones caught the flame and sent it outwards, filling the cavern with brittle, yellow light.
“That’s beautiful,” she said.
“Nothing much better than a fire to warm a dark place. There are other ways. Many prefer the twinkles or the ether-light, but my heart will remain with a real fire. I’ve many memories that live in the flames.”
He handed her a soft woolen blanket from a corner and she tucked it around her waist for warmth. Nev appeared, finding her place at Ella’s feet. 
“Is the fire safe?”
He laughed gently, “Have you never seen one, up close?”
She shook her head, her eyes transfixed on the little flame. “They’re banned in Angel City, much too dangerous. If a house caught fire, you’d be trapped.”
“Yes, of course. But outside – haven’t you seen a fire burning outside?”
“No, I’ve never,” she paused a moment, thinking, “I wonder why that is?”
He shook his head in wonder and disbelief, “Whole elements they’ve taken from you. It’s not any wonder the world isn’t well with you and your clan missing whole elements, generations that have never even seen them. Quite amazing.”
She kept gazing at the small flicker, “It’s beautiful,” she repeated. The little lantern, the cavern, even Oisin himself, seemed as if they were a part of another lifetime. Her family seemed like a long-ago dream, her home was something she had seen once in a storybook. The only things that seemed real were the carpets under her body and the flame that danced before her, all the rest had been a fantasy. Lost in these thoughts her eyes softened and drifted closed.
“Ella, I am sorry, but you must stay awake now. We have much to discuss. There are many things you need to know.”
She shook her head to wake up her thoughts. “What time is it?”
“A wick or so before nightfall.”
“A wick?”
“A wick from the center flame, all time below is measured in wicks. From nightfall to nightfall there will be seven wicks, almost twice your hour.” He noticed the question in her eyes and continued, “More time than you think passed while we were in the court. It’s another bit of the Queen’s magic, to make time pass.”
“Where is the center flame?”
“The Ancient Ones keep it, on the highest level, it has and will burn forever.”
“Can I see it?”
“Yes, of course, but later. Now, before we are summoned, I must tell you why you are here.”
“Is it because of this?” Ella reached into her shirt and gathered the brass key that had hung heavy against her chest for what had seemed a lifetime. She held it towards him in her hand, its delicate etchings magnified by the play of light and shadow. She had almost forgotten the marvel of the stone at its center and when, in the firelight, it came alive with a deep amber spark she gasped. She looked up to Oisin, expecting to see the same amazement in his eyes. Instead, they were filled with tears.
“What’s wrong? Did I do something?”
He reached out and put a hand on her knee. “No, no, Ella. You’ve done nothing wrong. I just haven’t seen the key for many, many years. It’s beautiful, it is, and my heart fills at the sight of it.”
“You’ve seen it before?”
“Oh yes, hanging around a neck like yours once and, before that, around the neck of my Mam. It is only fitting that my sister gave it to you, seeing she has none of her own to wear it, and being what you are.”
“She gave me something else too.” Ella reached into the pouch at her waist and retrieved the smooth wooden heart. 
Oisin smiled warmly, “I gave that to her, left it by her bedside. It was something the Queen had given to me. A trinket really, that’s all. But a pretty one.”
Ella took his hand and placed the heart inside his palm, a tingle of electricity coursing up her arm as she did so. “It feels as if it’s something she sent with me so I could give it to you.”
“Thank you,” Oisin replied, his eyes again glistening.
Ella stared at his face, feeling the same desperation fill her chest as the first time she opened Finn’s pouch with these small treasures. “Oisin,”
“Yes?”
She spoke each word as if it was its own story, feeling her heart fill with the possibility that he may be able to answer the question which she had been asking her entire lifetime, “What. Am. I?”
He raised his eyes to her and with them, unmistakably, his heart. The flicker of the lantern was no match for the warmth that emanated from his gentle smile.
“You, dear girl, are what this whole world has been waiting for. Salvation for us all. You are the Key.”
His words sent her head spinning. She felt exhaustion lay over her body and she slumped back down onto the carpets beneath her. She closed her eyes to stop the room from spinning and concentrated on breathing, in and out, simple breathing – it was all she could do. For a moment she thought that perhaps she was dreaming, that none of this was real. Soon Mother would come in and wake her for school and Anna would make breakfast.
But, instead, Oisin’s cool hand stroked her forehead, her temple, her hair. The weight of Nev landed beside her and she felt the cat’s body lean into her. 
“Poor Ella, please hear me when I say that you could not have known. It was only my sister who could confirm it. Many had been looking for years – looking for the girl, the girl who was unlike the others, the girl with dust in her hair and the stars in her walk, a girl who answered our calls, who knew we were there. A girl who believed the night was beautiful. It’s been told for years that we must find you, and that you must find us, that you yearned for us as we did for you, that it was a destiny which could not be unwound. Are these things untrue? Did you not dream of us, Ella? Did you know we were there, on the other side of your walls, in the moonlight, listening for you as you listened for us? Tell me, please, tell me if it is untrue.” Oisin’s voice had become breath only, and then was gone. His hand lay tangled in her hair where he had been stroking and then winding it in his fingers. The space was silent around her, utterly still. Her own breath was frozen, stuck deep in her lungs, burning for release though she was afraid to meet his questions. Defying her silence, the air escaped her, and with it the truth, “I have.”
His hand again smoothed her hair and her body relaxed in response. “Of course you have. My sister knows true, knows true as the sun is golden and the sky is blue. The question now will be, once we are summoned, how far are you willing to go?”
“Summoned? Again? By her?” exhaustion and a touch of desperation seeped into her words. 
“This time will be different. There will be others there, and it won’t be in the Court. The summoning will come from Clan Council, and the Ancient Ones will be there as well. And you will be prepared, as will I.” 
“There’s so much I don’t understand,” she closed her eyes, the images of the Queen and the court, Finn and Henri, Father and Mother turning in her head. 
“That is why I am here, bound to you, remember?” 
She nodded minutely. 
“Then look at me, Ella.”
His face was full of concern for her. “I’m sorry. I promise I’ll stop feeling sorry for myself.”
He laughed gently, “Quite alright. You’ve been through more in the past day than many partake of in a lifetime. But now, are you ready to hear who you are?”
“Yes,” she gathered herself as Nev moved into her lap, purring warmly.
“I must warn you, the story is not a pretty one. I am not looking forward to its telling.”
Ella looked again at his kind face, worry fretting his eyebrows together. She set her chin and squared her shoulders.
“I am ready.”
Oisin closed his eyes then. His chest rose and fell slowly and deeply – the cool damp air of the cavern moving in and out of his body. When he looked at her again, his eyes were distant but clear, focused now on the past, looking back to a time that, although he had not lived it, still bore a deep connection to his life. He began speaking directly to her, in a voice which rang of a greater wisdom than his alone, that held the majesty of a great storyteller, and the deep sorrow of a tortured past. Unbeknownst to Ella, he had rehearsed this monologue many times in his head. It had sung him to sleep and woke him from his dreams. Oisin knew that the future of his world, his loves and even his own life, hung in the balance of one girl’s decision. It must be told with honor, integrity and, above all, truth.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN – OISIN’S STORY

There was a time when all the beings of the earth roamed her wild lands together. That is not to say that all was in peace, for without the challenge of rising through difficulty all things would wither and die. There are those, though, who easily become entranced by the fervor of battle and the celebration of conquest. They forget what comfort and simplicity mean to their souls and their hearts become like stone. 
With their great powers in the material world and their strength of purpose, HumanKind easily succumbed to such afflictions. Such it was for centuries – a riot of Human sacrifices, wars and, when they had run out of ways to fight each other, a battle against the Earth herself, taking her rivers and streams, her mountains and forests, and churning them like clay, to be molded and used for the desires of one small race. Through this devastation the magic ones who had for so long cared for the earth slowly fell away, dwindling in body and spirit and leaving Her to what appeared to be the most powerful and destructive of beings. It was truly the Age of Humans.
There were those who fought, in small and large ways, against the onslaught of death that was creeping across our Mother. Some were Human themselves; my Mam and her brethren were some. My Pa was killed for it, among other things. Circles of resistance rose in many places but were broken quickly through might and fear. Others tried as well, the Tuatha de Danaan and the Ancients to be sure, but their work is slow to take hold and gentle in its movements. Perhaps if they had used more force things would have been different.
It came as a great relief and a great disaster that the Earth, in her infinite power and wisdom, finally fought back. Quake Year was only the beginning. From that initial spark, a flame was lit that became an inferno. The shifting of her vast body caused a chain reaction that swelled her mighty seas to swallow entire countries. She spewed forth the heat and anger of her belly to scorch those who had betrayed her. For though HumanKind was born of her, a child must never forsake its mother and in this commandment HumanKind had failed. In punishment her skies were clouded with ash and her rivers ran grey. Some lands fared much better than others; you can tell which they are by how many humans still inhabit them. But many lands were scraped bare and born anew.  Within a few years, the Goddess Earth broke the cities that housed her tormentors and reduced nations into small islands of leaderless armies.
The blessing that this held for the magic beings was indescribable. Many of them had known that the coming end of the Age of Humans was inevitable. The Goddess had soothed them into trusting her course and laying quiet. She had told them that she was returning to their embrace and would need them soon, that somehow all would again be well. They retreated into the depths of her bosom to wait for her call.
When it came, the world had become the chaos that you were born into. During the stillness of the Goddess’s renewal, while she rested from the work she had done and her caretakers, the Ancients, the Folk and many others, waited for her summons, the Others arrived. What they truly are is unknown to us. But it is clear that they have taken up the roles of challenger, of shadow-side and of evil-doer. They alighted from the dark dreams of Humans, I believe, and they are certainly the challenge which will give us the strength to serve our true purpose. It is they who have caused your kind to retreat into the day, to relinquish the night and fear its beauty. It is they who have howled at your doorsteps and haunted your dreams. And, yes, it is they that have killed of your clan. 
When the Goddess awoke from her slumber, those who can hear her voice were told that the Age of Humans had passed, and the world was once again free to host all beings. It was told that it would be here, in the land of the Ancients, the land named after the Angels themselves, that all the children of Gaia, the Earth Mother, would walk together. No thing worth having though, can be won without work done of your own two hands and, in her infinite wisdom, the Goddess had left the field to be plowed before the harvest could be gathered. 
It was with great expectation that many clans of the Folk gathered in this place, traveling through starlight and moonlight, avoiding the gaze of those few humans who had survived and were beginning to come to terms with their great change of fortune. At all costs, the clans avoided the Others. They moved in secrecy until they arrived at the great ocean, Mare Pacificum, the peaceful sea. In great numbers they had traveled and the immensity of their force bolstered their courage and hope. It was in the spirit of homecoming that they made their place in the hillsides and canyons that feed slowly down to the ocean’s shores.
It was there, with the roar of the waves ever present in their ears, that the Folk learned of the next piece of the puzzle. It was heard in the wind that the final step of their deliverance would be brought to them in magic. This held no surprise for them. Yet the prophecy was chilling and brought great despair to the entire clan, for it was told that the magic would be woven by a female, one who was at the crossroads of her life. The messengers pronounced that a girl would be the Key, the one who held the secret to their deliverance. And this girl would be of HumanKind – the usurpers of everything the Folk held precious. Some didn’t believe the messengers. After years of extermination and destruction under the hand of HumanKind, to blithely follow the instructions of even a young one would be lunacy. Some of the Folk left the gathering then, to return to their homes on the other side of the Warm Sea.
Those that remained withdrew and became quiet, considering the meaning of the prophecy and how it could ever be achieved. Even if they had wished to do so, it would be impossible to locate this girl. HumanKind had also become secretive and close. Children were protected above all, moving only in groups and staying indoors for much of their lives. It could not be imagined how one could even get close to any young girl, let alone the right one. It had once been, a great time ago, that children were most easily entranced by the Folk and many, such as I, moved in and out of their world. That time had been lost though, and those who remembered it were doubted by the rest. The Queen, however, not only remembered this time but had herself entranced many children. In fact, she still had one in her court. It was then that I became fully involved in the search for the Key, as the girl had grown to be known.
The Clan Council, made up of the most powerful beings from all the clans, sat for a great while pondering the question of how to begin. As the days passed many of the clans grew to accept the rocky hillsides and sagebrush canyons as their new homes. Things settled and many grew complacent, content with watching the tides rise and fall and feeling the sun on their faces. It was on one of these quiet days that our deserters, who had left for their homeland almost ten full moons before, returned. They arrived with desperate and alarming news. The paths back across the land had been blocked. Through hill and valley, under and over ground they had searched, but in each case were thwarted by might or magic. They had been unable to return home. This was devastating to those who had left loved ones behind – most especially our Queen, who had bid farewell to her great love on the other side of the ocean, the King who watches over her people in the green moors and truly holds her heart in his own. This was not the worst of the news, however. The travelers also reported that the Others were searching for a girl, a young girl who threatened to bring the end to their reign. To this end our friends had been unceasingly hunted by the Others, apparently to prevent their finding the Key first. Many of the group had perished under this violence and we opened our arms to the poor, lamenting few that returned. 
It was obvious that the time to ponder and dwell had passed and action was upon us. The leader of the Folk took up her darker face as that of the Queen of the Unseelie Court. It is that court that you visited yester-eve. The Queen’s fairer side is lost in times of war and will not show again until the Others have been eradicated. This is why she is so dangerous, and vindictive. The Unseelie Court can not abide the light of day and she has become more like her enemies than she cares to admit. 
It was so that we left Above-earth. The Ancients had, for many millennia, created a vast underground city and we were welcomed openly, though it was with heavy hearts that we left the brisk air of the sea and the heat of the sun to burrow into the dank caverns and tunnels. Since that time, we have been searching. Waiting and searching, and repeating the words of the prophecy to ourselves, in our dreams, as we wake and as we pray. We have expected your coming for such a long time now, Ella, it is a wonder that you have finally come to us.

With these final words, Oisin turned his gaze to Ella. The lamplight flickered on this features as he searched her face for understanding. Ella sat silent, turning the events over in her mind. The things that had been related to her in these last few days were utterly outrageous but, at the same time, she had no trouble believing them, not now, after what she had seen and where she had been. 
“But how can you be sure that I am the one?”
“By looking into your eyes when you hear my words. By knowing that you wouldn’t be here in my rooms unless you were part of this. By believing that the will of the Goddess is strong and true and led you to our door.”
She felt relief flood through her. After years of waiting herself, years of watching and dreaming, this thing was finally happening. There was something more to life than what she had been trained to accept. It had begun with that first glimpse of the moon just one year ago but had been a seed within her for her entire life. She reached down to her belt and brought up the pouch that Finn had given her. The feather was there, still beautiful and fine, the same as the first moment she found it.
“What is this?” she asked, holding the feather up into the flickering light.
“May I?” he held out his hand and she placed it on his palm. “It’s beautiful, isn’t it? It must have been left for you, they are not the type that fall easily.” He turned it in the light, watching the play of colors. “It is of a Griffin, and a large one. The Griffin have been one of your many protectors, they and the Hytersprites. They would both look like enormous birds to you, but the Griffins have the bodies of the lion. They are sworn to protect any of the young girls who may potentially be the Key. The Griffin are fierce and swift, and the Hytersprites have a gift for finding lost children. They’ve been watching you, and many others, for years – keeping you safe.”
“But if they knew who I was, why wasn’t I brought here earlier?”
“We couldn’t be sure exactly which of you was the one. Even a few years ago there were other young girls who had wondered about the night. But there has been a rapid change recently, an acceleration of happenings, and one by one they have all moved on, lost their interest and become more, I suppose the word is, normal. All but two, you see. There was you and one other until recently. You met her once.”
“I did?”
“You saw the moon together. It was told to us by those who were watching you that your paths had crossed.”
A picture of the farm girl flashed in Ella’s memory, her blue eyes gazing at her, her finger laid over her lips.
“But she’s gone! Her house, it was ruined – I saw it just…” Ella tried to move backward in time and count the hours that had passed since she saw the ravaged garden, the debris of what had once been a house.
“Yes we know. It was destroyed by the Others directly at nightfall four moons ago. They must have been very desperate to be Above-earth so close to day. We assume they took the girl.”
“But then, how do you know she is not the one, the Key?”
“Because you are here, and she is not. There are other things, too, Ella. It is said that the Key would be brought into our world by one who knew the old ways, that she would come of her own accord and when she was of the age of becoming. This is your fourteenth year, is it not?” 
Ella nodded, and was surprised to feel excitement building with her. Now that she had accepted her fate, and seemed inextricably entwined with this world, every part of her hungered for it and its salvation.
“There is another part of the story that you need to know, and it is very important,” Oisin paused, seeming to ask forgiveness even as he spoke. “It is told that you will have a decision to make, that in order to save our world, you will sacrifice the one you know.”
“Sacrifice? What do you mean? Something could happen to me, or my family? Or to HumanKind altogether?”
“That is not clear. It is said that through the Key the world will be free once again. Free for all beings to live and prosper, Humans included. This freedom will come through balance, balance of the powers of the heavy-handed against the light. Your kind, or I suppose I should really say our kind, will continue to thrive, but not to overrun and certainly not to rule. Your world, Above-earth, will continue to exist. It is the realm of the Goddess, her body and breath, it can not be destroyed. However, the fate of your family is most certainly unknown. Your father, in particular, may not fare well in the change you may bring about.”
Ella’s thoughts went back to the last time she had seen Father, standing in the street shielding his eyes against the setting sun. She had feared him in that moment, a strange feeling that she hadn’t yet had time to come to terms with.
“What has my father done?”
“He has protected his family the best he could. Your father is a very powerful man; he controls most of Angel City. He and his clan, what he calls associates, are in the business of protection. They remember the way things were – the wars, the destruction, how the world had become a place of death and money. They will do anything to avoid returning to that time. The valley above has become a haven for them, a utopia in which their families can live and die in safety and bliss. Again, it is the human need for power and control that has undone their good intentions and caused them to join in a pact with the Others. They follow a dark entity called Abaddan, it is the antithesis of the Goddess. They use its power to corrupt others and it seems they may have reached your father. He has given them free rein in Angel City, to search for their destructor, without knowing it was his own daughter they sought.”
Ella shivered involuntarily, “I saw him with someone, someone terrible.” 
“What did he look like?”
“I don’t know, it was right before you found me, in front of my house. I was hiding. He was talking to some men and they went away, then a black auto came into our driveway and there was something, some kind of creature, inside. It pointed at me, it knew where I was.” The words tasted like poison in her mouth, this was the first she had spoken of the dread she had felt when that claw pointed at her, and her desperation to escape from it, “And Father, he came after me. I don’t know what he was going to do. Was he going to give me to that… that thing?” She was shaking now, in anger and disbelief. 
“No Ella, no he wouldn’t have. He has been protecting you, to the best of his ability. But, tell me, was this during the day? Was the sun still out?”
“Yes, right before sundown, I was on my way to Finn’s house. But there were men there too, they stopped him, they were watching him.”
“It’s moving faster then.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Your father has given the Others a pass into the day. They can’t actually be touched by the sun, but he’s allowed them to leave their shelters. Things are moving quickly to their end.”
“Were the men from the Others too?”
“I don’t believe so, it sounds as if he is the only one of his clan that has gotten so deeply in league with them. Those men, they were probably his associates, perhaps trying to bring him to his senses.”
Ella felt numb. Father, who had acted as her protector, was actually her persecutor. And Mother, what of her? Did she know of this deceit? How long had this gone on? Ella spiraled back through her life, reconstructing moments which now made sense to her – Father’s power, his prestige, the secrecy of his work and the cage which he had so terribly tried to ensnare her in. Fury rose up in her, her throat filled with bile and her eyes burned with hateful tears.
“Ella, listen to me.” Oisin spoke strongly but his eyes remained soft and concerned. “Your father is confused, but he is not bad. He has unknowingly put you, and probably your entire family, in danger, but it was out of love. Truly, it was.”
“There were more of them, trying to get to me. Someone put me to sleep, in a field, or tried to. And there was a man, or a woman, I don’t know, with the birds, who knew my name.”
“Oh Ella,” Oisin took her hand in both of his own, “I am so sorry. Your disappointment must be so great. The Human race is full of fear and greed. Some are unable to let go of their old ways and have believed promises made to them by the ill things of the night. They are helping in the search, and it seems that they were told of you. You were very lucky to have come to us in time.”
Ella placed her other hand in Oisin’s warm palms, and took a deep breath, pushing the sorrow and hurt out of her chest and into the cool space of the cavern. Her forehead dropped forward, resting on the knot they had created with their fingers. She whispered to the world, “Is there nothing good?”
He answered her, just above her ear, “Yes Ella, there is you, and there is me.”

“What do we do now?” Ella asked as Oisin placed the dishes and utensils from their meal into the nooks and shelves carved into the rock wall of the cavern.
“It’s only just after nightfall. Listen and you can hear the clans waking. The summons to Council will come at mideve so we still have enough time.”
“For what?”
“I thought I would show you the ocean.”
“The ocean? Really? Is that even possible?”
“It is very possible and it would please me greatly if you’ll agree to the adventure.” Oisin looked at Ella and laughed, “I can see from your face that your answer is yes.” He reached his hand out to her and she slipped hers into it, enraptured by the idea of actually seeing those legendary waves crashing upon the shore.
This time, traveling along the corridors, Ella was surprised to find that she was no longer spellbound by the beings she encountered – although many were beautiful and others terrifyingly grotesque, knowing their story had made them more real to her and less of a fantasy or a dream. They passed through the various clans of Folk; the shaggy Brownies and stout Gnomes and even past a pool in which a Merrow had taken residence, a red feather cap resting lightly on his green-gilled head as he watched them pass. As they moved up through the levels she noticed the change from the dwellings of the Folk, a noisy and winsome group full of laughter and busy-ness, to that of the Ancients, where a feeling of sacredness and wisdom pervaded the air. These upper levels were filled with animals from the families of Bear, Wolf and Cougar, all of which she had never actually seen in person. Beings with human form also walked past her, with eyes that shone bright from faces lined with deep creases and heavy folds. They wore elaborate dresses adorned with hanging shells and husks, their hollow rattles accompanying every step. Oisin paused and nodded respectfully to each of these beings that passed and Ella followed his example, many nodding in return and one taking her hand in its own, the papery skin of the woman’s palm so soft and cool she felt as if it were water running over her fingers.
“Who are they?” she whispered softly into Oisin’s ear as they walked, unwilling to break the silence around her.
“The Old Ones, the Ancients. They have been caring for the Earth since the dawn of time. They are the spirits of all that is in the world; Grandmother Fire and Wind Old Woman we have seen. Some of them I do not know. If they look like you or I, they are generally to be trusted. It is the animals that can be tricksy and you must take care if you are not sure of their intentions.” 
They moved into narrower passages, ones which were quiet and shadowy and the path angled sharply upwards. Ella stumbled on the rough floor and Oisin caught her by the elbow. “I’m sorry, I forgot that you do not yet have your night vision. I hope you don’t mind,” and with a small gesture of his hands and a quiet phrase, the area around them began to glow with a blue light. “As I said, I don’t care much for the ether-light, but it has its uses.”
With the strange aura following them, they moved quickly through the corridors, up towards the surface. Suddenly before them was an enormous door, angled in the rock face before them and towering up and over their heads. Ella looked upwards and the ether-light moved with her vision, revealing the top of the door hung by enormous hinges caked in copper rust. They were in a huge cavern, the top of which was high above her, perched on walls that had been blasted smooth long ago.
“Is this where we go out?” She asked doubtfully.
“Not quite, but we have reached the surface. Follow me.” Oisin took her hand and led her to the right of the door, back into a narrow hallway. In a few moments they were at a much smaller, but equally formidable, door. It appeared to be solid steel and was set with a large wheel in the center. 
Oisin asked Ella, “If you wouldn’t mind turning that wheel. I could, but I don’t enjoy the touch of it.” She had to put her whole body into the work, but the wheel soon spun freely. 
“I’ll need to put out the light now, so it doesn’t shine through, just in case anything is watching.” He looked at her pointedly and paused.
“Is it safe?”
“No, not entirely, I suppose. This is one of HumanKind’s tunnels, built in the times of war. Honga don’t guard this door. In fact, I’ve never seen another being, kind or evil, this far from the city. Once we’re through the door, the ocean isn’t far beyond.”
She looked at him doubtfully, feeling a small bite of fear in her chest.
“Ella, we can turn back, it would be easy. But I wouldn’t have brought you if I didn’t think it was important. You have many challenges ahead, much bravery will be expected of you. This will, in retrospect, be a small thing. But I do believe you will know what you are fighting for after you have seen it.”
She nodded, feeling determined if not brave. “I want to see the ocean,” In an instant, the light was extinguished and she pushed open the door.  

They sat on the edge of a rocky bluff under a purple sky, the ocean breeze billowing their clothes and bringing the taste of salt into their breath. Above them was the rocky trail they had traversed to reach their wide ledge. Below them was white foam, a crashing display of the Goddess’s power as she sent wave after wave thundering into the seawall. The briny mist cooled Ella’s arms and face. The moon was waning and its light cascaded over the waves, casting a bluish tinge to their hands, linked softly and resting on the rocks between them. The rhythm of the great water was hypnotic, each wave pounding with a unique sound, yet blending into the next as they rolled nearer and farther from them. Ella inhaled deeply, it was like drinking from a crystal goblet, a delicacy of flavor and subtle quenching. She shivered a little in the cold, and laughed.
“This has actually been so close the whole time?” she asked.
“Oh yes. You could walk here in less than a wick from your house. Look there,” Oisin pointed off in the distance where there was a silver strand of beach at the foot of the waves. “Before the Others came, families would come and sit on the sand. The children would chase the water and their mothers would watch over them. Father Sun would warm them and the Ocean Goddess, Mer, would wash them clean. It seems so long ago, too long. I don’t know if anyone besides me comes to these shores now.”
“It’s beautiful, far beyond what I had imagined.”
“It is beautiful, yes. But it’s much more than that. Without it I don’t know that I could remember why I have served our cause for so long. These waters have traveled long to touch us here, they are all the waters of the Earth. They have touched the homeland and the far edges of this continent. They may not bathe the bodies of our children here, but they do elsewhere.”
“What do you mean?”
“Ella, Angel City is not the only place in this World.”
“Yes, I know, but it’s the only civilized city. The NightKind have taken all the others.”
Oisin took a deep breath and renewed his grip on Ella’s hand. “It soothes the souls of many to believe those words. Angel City may actually be the least civilized of what is left. It is here that the Key was prophesied to be, and it is here that the armies remain to fight for it.”
“Where? Where are these cities?”
“The closest is ten suns journey, perhaps less. It’s over land, and the way is not easy, there are mountains and valleys between.”
Her mind swam with images; of homes with open windows letting in the evening breeze, of the sunrise in the morning, of walking at twilight. In ten days they could be there, together. It was impossible to believe, but she had seen many impossible things in the last twenty four hours. She looked at him, her heart racing, her thoughts forging ahead into the possibility of a new life.
“Could we, really? Go, I mean.”
He looked at her steadily, his face gentle and kind. He nodded his head slowly, then looked down at the waves crashing beneath them.
Above the horizon was the moon, fat and bulging in the middle, ripe with the Goddess’s power and plentitude. It was an awesome sight to eyes which had only ever looked sideways at the blinding glare of the sun.
She spoke softly, half-hoping he wouldn’t hear. “We shouldn’t though.”
Oisin looked up at the Moon, the ocean mist filling his eyes, the blue light of his Mother illuminating his cheekbones, the fall of his hair.
“I can’t go,” she said, clearly this time, a pronouncement for the Moon to hear, “We’ll stay. Together,” the last spoken with just the hint of a question, and a hopefulness. She snuck a glance at his profile, and was relieved to see him nod in unity with her, his eyes gazing off into the distant sea.
Their peace was disturbed as the wind began to rise around them. Within moments it was as if a small tornado had landed on their ledge. Pebbles and dust blew up into their faces and she let go of Oisin’s hand to steady herself on the solid ground. The sensation grew worse though, the cliff was moving beneath them and her ears roared with sound. Oisin pulled her by her arm away from the cliff’s edge as she threw her other arm over her face to ward off the salt spray and sand that was now raining down on them both. She shouted to be heard, “What is happening?” but before he could speak, her question was answered for her. Descending upon them, from the night sky, was a tremendous beast. Its wings shone in iridescent hues, catching the light of the moon and changing tone instantaneously with each movement as it hovered before them. A great head was dominated by formidable golden eyes, pointed ears and an enormous, wickedly curved beak. A thick tasseled tail hung down behind it and four pawed-legs were curled up beneath its body.
She looked to Oisin in panic and was surprised to see him in a deep bow. He stood and raised both hands in a salute to the creature which then lifted over their heads and alighted on the rocks behind them.
“Hurry,” Oisin shouted in her ear, as a great screech from the beast’s lungs filled the air, “It’s a Griffin, the Others must know you’re here. Go!” He pushed her towards the back of the Griffin, which lowered its massive head as they approached.
“But where will it take me? Come with me!” She refused to let go of his hand.
“I must lock the door we came through. The Griffin will protect you, much better than I can. You will be safe, I will find you, now go!”
The animal reached out one muscular forepaw and gathered her into its body. It seemed she had no choice, Oisin was already heading back up the slope to the cave door and the Griffin’s screeching was gaining in intensity. She found herself scrambling up onto its neck and clutching tightly to the lengths of thick golden hair which grew there. She searched the ground for Oisin as the rocky cliff dropped away beneath her, but she soon was forced to hold on with all her strength and hide her face from the lashing wind.
In moments, they were up and over the mountain ridge, leaving the ocean behind. She could feel the heat of the valley, her home, rising up from below them. What does it look like at night, she wondered. Through watering eyes, she could see open space below her and the faint outlines of trees. We’re at the top of the mountain, was I really this close to the ocean for all those years?  They were gliding smoothly now, circling lower and lower, heading towards what appeared to be only underbrush. She was beginning to trust the Griffin and straightened her back slowly, letting herself enjoy the feeling of soaring on the huge animal’s back. Abruptly, her hands were jerked loose from the Griffin’s fur as it dropped at a surprising speed. Sliding sideways, she was just able to grab hold of one handful of golden mane and wrench herself upright. The Griffin let out an ear-piercing shriek and she burrowed her head deep between her arms to muffle the deafening sound. An echoing screech came from above them. It was a sound she recognized from her nightmares of childhood – the NightKind. The Griffin poured all of its power into flying now, its entire body giving itself to the task, muscles tensed between Ella’s thighs as the huge wings pushed them ever faster towards safety. But where was safety? Ella didn’t dare to open her eyes to see, it took every bit of her concentration to anticipate the Griffin’s movements and counter with her own to stay seated. Besides, she wasn’t sure she wanted to see what was following them. She couldn’t pretend it wasn’t getting closer though, as the enraged sounds of both animals filled the sky. Her hair blew wildly around her as the enemy, whatever it was, swooped low over her head. Her mount countered with mid-air rolls and lurching drops. Their pursuer let loose a howling wail and she fought the urge to let go and cover her ears. The Griffin dropped in the air, pulling its wings in tight to its body and falling like an arrow to the earth. Surely we’ll hit the ground, she thought and forced her eyelids open to see their destruction. 
In the darkness before them she could just make out a small slit of yellow light. It grew wider as the Griffin headed towards it but they were going much too fast. At the rate it was opening they would have to bypass it and return to the sky. She willed the animal to slow its descent and, just before they were sure to make impact, the Griffin opened its enormous wings and caught the wind like a sail. Its body reared up and Ella, unprepared for the change in direction, slid out of control towards its tail. Hanging there, her feet dangling below her, her hands desperately gripping fur which began to pull free from the animal’s neck, the Other reached them. She could sense its presence even before her ears heard the beast’s scream of victory. A brand of pain seared down Ella’s back and, crying out, she lost hold with one hand. In one quick motion, the Griffin rolled its body, lashing its serpentine tail and wicked claws at a grotesquely reptilian creature above them. The creature screamed as the Griffin made contact with one of its leathery wings and then, gathering her in its powerful fore-arms, dove through the door of the cavern below them. The pain overtook her, and as the cavern door closed, she fell into blackness. 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN – CLAN COUNCIL

“Ella, can you hear me?” 
She struggled to open her eyes, unable to remember where she was but relieved to hear Oisin’s voice. In those harrowing minutes without him, a sense of completeness had drifted away from her – a completeness that she hadn’t even realized she had until it was left behind on the ocean cliff. Now, hearing his voice and feeling his presence beside her, her breath returned to her body and her heart filled.
She spoke through parched lips, “Don’t ever leave me again.”
“I won’t, I promise,” he answered.
She tried to sit up and was met with searing pain. Oisin guided her back down to the thick carpets underneath her.
“Be still, Ella, the Ancients are working to heal you, but they need your help. You must be still now.”
She could still feel a river of fire down her back, the damage from her brush with the Others. She gently moved her arms and legs, surprised to realize she was otherwise intact. Opening her eyes again, she looked past Oisin and through the fire before them into a blur of motion which encircled their reunion. The cavern appeared to be spinning at an intense velocity, a rush of color and spark flew by and a rhythmic hum enveloped them in sound. 
“What’s happening?”
“There are Gahe working on your wounds, they’re healers. They’ve done most of it already – your leg and a gash on your head – they were from the fall mostly. But what that Wyrm did to you was the worst of it. You’ve got a poultice on it now and most of the poison has been drawn out. I’ve done what I know as well, though my sister would have made a fair bit more progress. Now we must speed the healing with your help.”
“What can I do?”
“You must know that it is healed. That is all. You may feel the pain, but you must not imagine it or picture what it looks like. Hold only the vision of strength and wholeness and know, truly know, that you are healed. Do you understand what I mean?”
“I think so.”
Oisin closed his eyes then Ella did the same. She pictured her body whole and well, erasing from her mind all visions of what the monster had done to her. It took much more effort than she expected and she found herself drifting in and out of consciousness. The sounds around her became a cradle, lulling and rocking her into blissful sleep. The scorching heat of the fire mellowed into a warming liquid which bathed her and she breathed it into her lungs gratefully, feeling her body relax and rejuvenate. She could feel the key pulsing on her chest as she let the warmth wash over her. After a time, she realized the room had become silent, and she could only hear her own breathing. Alarmed, she opened her eyes, “Oisin!”
They were back in his quarters, the fire was gone and the Gahe with it. Oisin sat on the ground beside the sleeping shelf where she had been lying. He rose to his knees and looked steadily into her face. “You are well.” A smile spread broadly over his face.
She sat up gingerly, bracing herself for pain which didn’t come. She could feel the tightness of a scar down her spine where the deep wound had been, but it no longer hurt. She began to say, I believe so, then caught herself, “You’re right, I am.” Her smile matched his.
“It is just in time. The Clan Council is waiting.”

They stood together on the speaker’s dais, its circular slab of smooth granite solid beneath their feet. Four stout pillars held it above a shimmering pool of water fed by a quartet of trickling streams which had, over time, carved sharp chasms in the floor of the immense cavern. The streams were fed by the cave itself, from water which could be heard but not seen, dripping down the walls far out of reach of the blue ether-light that gracefully drifted in the air above the spectators. Ella and Oisin were at the exact center of the immense room, gazing outward at a sea of bodies and faces. Those closest to the dais were the most identifiable, either due to proximity or because they were grouped into families of beings – Brownies, Dwarfs and a myriad of other curious shapes and faces. Behind them were those who most resembled humans, mainly guardian spirits and willowy women of the Folk. Further back, the space was filled by the larger beings, the Honga, Griffins and huge animals of the Ancients. Twisting themselves through the spaces between, Ella could see the small creatures, some of which she knew were considered “tricksy” – the coyotes and rabbits.
The scent of night jasmine filled the air as the Queen’s Court arrived at the proceedings. Materializing from all places at once were shimmers and sparkles that raced around the chamber in a whirlwind of beauty. All present turned their gaze upwards and the chamber filled with cheers and shouts of welcome from the Folk below. When the sound was at a fever pitch, the cloud coalesced into a single entity, the unmistakable shape of the Queen, before exploding once again into brilliant fireworks which cascaded down onto the beings below, some with faces raised in adoration and others who had already returned their interest to the two humans at the center. When the glitter and smoke had cleared, the Queen was sitting regally on a large rocky shelf above the audience, surrounded by her attendants. Ella realized then that the shelf extended around the entirety of the space and, on the opposite side, what she had assumed was a rocky outcropping now came slowly, labouringly, to life and revealed itself as the oldest beings of the Ancients, gazing down at Ella and Oisin. The room fell into a hush as all attention became focused on the speaker’s dais. 
“Clan Council is called to order.” The words came from what seemed to be a thousand voices at once, though it was only one being who had taken position on the upper ledge directly between the Court and the Ancients. It appeared to be a large tree, with waving branches which articulated its words in movement and a strong, thick body lacing itself into the stone shelf.  
Oisin read Ella’s thoughts and leaned in quietly to whisper in her ear, “It is a Dryad, one of the last and very old.”
The Dryad continued, “We acknowledge this gathering of all benevolent beings and ask that we be blessed in our endeavors by all elements of the Goddess.”
At this the entire congregation murmured their assent and one by one each of the four directions within the cavern was filled with a glowing yellow light.
“Our blessing has been granted.” 
All voices which could form the common language then spoke in unison, “And three-fold returned.”
The Dryad focused its attention on the center dais. “Those before us – speak your names and clans.”
Oisin moved forward, “I am Oisin, formerly of the Queen’s Court, now of HumanKind.”
Ella took a deep breath and stepped forward to join him. “I am Ella Fine, of HumanKind.”
“You are both welcome in this council. Who of the clans speaks for the two humans?”
A generous pause followed in which the silence of the room grew into a tense buzz of concern. Oisin leaned in to Ella, “We are not clan, and therefore another must speak for us and take responsibility for our actions.”
Ella looked around at the sea of unfamiliar faces. Who would possibly be willing to stand beside her, beside Oisin?
“I shall speak for the girl,” came a voice, the only one that Ella would have possibly recognized, that of the Queen. “As for the boy, he requires no speaking for as he remains, despite his modesty, a member of the Court.”
“The Council recognizes the Queen of the Un-Seelie Court and of all Fair Folk. Say what you will.”
The Queen stood and glided to the center of the ledge, her attendants swarming around her. From below, she seemed to have grown to ten feet tall, a swaying mass of jeweled green robes and auburn hair. Despite the distance, Ella could feel the burn of her gaze and a distant longing to turn herself over to the entrancing Queen. Oisin squeezed her hand, “Are you okay?” he whispered. Ella nodded, relieved to hear his voice in her ear.
The Queen reveled in the attention of the chamber, and her voice filled every corner of the space, “We have all been waiting for this moment, when the Key would stand before us and declare our freedom. We have seen it in our dreams, our prophesies and our hearts. We all know the importance of this event, our very existence depends upon it, and it is the next stage of our evolution with the Goddess on Her Earth.”
A drone of agreement pulsated through the room.
The Queen continued, a dramatic sweep of her arm commanding a return of silence, “What greater mistake, I ask the Council, could there be, than to act rashly, impulsively or presumptuously at this pinnacle moment?”
Her question hung in the air, flitting from ear to ear, and the preceding agreements which had only just left the room turned into flutters of confusion. Ella’s heart began to pound heavily in her chest and Oisin moved closer to her, placing his hand protectively around her waist.
“My dear Council, I only wish to speak aloud what has been weighing heavily on my mind.”
All faces were now focused upwards. The rustle of the Queen’s robes and a minute buzz of her attendants were the only sounds.
“I ask you all to consider, could Ella-fine truly be the Key?” The Queen paused, the silence still holding in the room. She lifted her chin slightly, narrowing her eyes as she looked down upon the council floor, “I put forth that she is not.”
The room erupted in a torrent of voices as the debate took voice on the floor. The Queen, seemingly oblivious, removed herself from the speaker’s pedestal. The Dryad resumed his post and with a gesture, brought the room back to silence.
“Does the girl or her companion wish to speak to this matter?”
Ella felt her body go stiff as a torrent of defenses sprang to her mind. She began to open her mouth but couldn’t decide where to begin. Should she insist that she truly was this thing which she had such immense fear of being? Perhaps the Queen was right, what proof was there really that Ella was anything special at all? Oisin leaned into her and whispered in her ear, “Speak from your heart.” She closed her eyes and took a breath to steady herself, then looked up at the Dryad, willing her voice to be strong and clear. 
“I, too, question if I am this Key. If it is possible that I could be the answer to what has plagued both your people and mine for many years. This is not a position that I imagined I would be in, and I am not at all sure what it means or how to do the work set before me. The task seems impossible and I am only one girl. However, there is something that I do know. I know that I can no longer live in fear. That I can no longer live in a false world. I can no longer live without the ocean, or the moon, or the hope of a different life. I have lived in ignorance too long, and I will not, I can not, return to ignorance now. Whether I am the Key or not, I will stand beside you. All of you.”
The Queen stood in a challenge. “The Key would know her rightful place, as I would know the Key!” The Queen’s pronouncement hurt Ella’s thoughts and confused her. She’s right, Ella thought, she would know. I’m nobody. What am I even doing here?
A great cracking noise cut through her doubts and all eyes turned to the Ancients. A huge red rock rose and slowly took on the shape of a hulking man. His words were a low hum, painfully slow in their coming.
“The prophecy speaks not to your role, Queen.”
“The prophecy is unclear,” the Queen spat back, “As all prophecies are. I am the Queen of the Un-Seelie Court, and I feel no true magic in this girl. She is not the one.”
The Ancient labored to the center of the ledge, the grating of its immense bulk accompanying its passage. “We of the Ancients have waited many long days for salvation. We have been Under-earth from time before the calling of Fair Folk to this land. We welcome the girl to our Council. We see the warrior within her, and beside her.” 
A rush of gratefulness filled Ella, and Oisin squeezed her hand as the Ancient continued, “The Queen and her Court ask for thought on this matter. The Queen knows much of ways which are hidden from us. In this we are thankful to the Queen for her gifts. But we must also remember, the decision lies not with the Court alone. The whole of the Clan Council must agree.” There were murmurs of acknowledgment from the floor. “We have heard that there is another, a one that was taken. We wish to see this other girl, speak with her, before we offer our decision.”
Oisin spoke, “It is not clear if she is still alive.”
“If she is not, then our decision is made for us. The prophecy lays the path we are to tread.”
The Ancient lumbered off the pedestal and the room remained silent and watchful.
The Dryad spoke, “It has been argued that this matter should be delayed until the girl is found. The question is put to the entire council, shall it be so?”
A unified voice spoke from the floor, “So shall it be.” Ella could not help but notice that very few of the Folk had added their assent to the vote.
The Dryad recognized the decision, “And so it is. The new matter in question is – Which of the clans shall take responsibility for the search?”
Ella could not stop herself, she was more sure now than she had been about anything previous. Without even glancing at Oisin, she spoke out loudly, “We will,” and was grateful to hear her voice doubled by Oisin, who stood shoulder to shoulder with her. A great wind filled the chamber as the Ella’s rescuers from the earlier evening launched into the air, alighting behind them on the dais.
“As will the clans of Griffin and Hytersprite,” Oisin said and was seconded by a great screech from the beasts behind him.
The Dryad spread its willowy arms wide over the edge of the ledge, “It is decided. Clan Council is adjourned.”

Oisin’s whispered, “Ella. Ella, wake now.”
She opened her eyes to pitch darkness, she couldn’t even see Oisin before her. 
“Can you light a fire? I can’t see a thing.”
“I’d rather not, here take my hand.” Oisin was still whispering as he pulled her from the sleeping ledge.
The plan they had laid out a few hours earlier came tumbling back into Ella’s mind. It was sometime near mid-day now. They would be leaving Under-earth under the full noon sun to allow them time and light to find the dwellings of the Others. The Clans knew the area they had claimed, but had never ventured close enough to discover the entrances. Somehow, Ella and Oisin must find a way in. They had enticed Jackal to share some his knowledge with them through honey wine and tidbits of meat the night before. This information was the only map they had once they found their way into the interior of the Other’s refuge. Their guardians, the Griffin and Hytersprites, would come after nightfall and be on the alert to retrieve them when and if they found the girl.
They began to make their way, Oisin’s hand trailing the directionals carved into the tunnel walls as they twisted and turned deeper and deeper towards their exit – a rarely used crack in the mountain face that would let them out at the floor of the Angel City valley. Ella closed her eyes to ward off the feeling of claustrophobia that the heavy darkness brought with it.
Soon they arrived at the portal, lit by a small fire and guarded by a Honga who completely blocked the chasm in the rock with its immense body.
“Greetings, Brother, may I pass with blessings,” Oisin requested as he had a thousand times before.
The Honga stood his post, his massive bulk blocking the way. He seemed to have not heard, or was perhaps sleeping, Ella thought.
“It is as I feared,” Oisin said, “blessings may not be upon us in this venture. I thank you for the warning, Brother.”
The Honga then shifted just enough in the narrow corridor to allow sunlight to come streaming through. Their hands flew up to their eyes at the shock of it, and now it was Ella’s turn to lead Oisin into the brightness of a noonday sun. They had emerged from a rock just above an orange grove, at the far west side of the valley. Before them spread the orchards she had explored just days, or was it years, before. Looking behind her, the face of the hillside was unblemished, there was not a sign of their doorway.
“It’s closed.”
“The Honga stands before it, he is part of the mountain. The opening is still there,” he faced the broad valley and squinted his eyes against the sun, “Do you know where we are?”
“Yes, I think so. I haven’t been this way before, but it’s rather simple. We just need to follow any of the Avenues through the Boulevards, to there.” She pointed due north, towards the monolithic boulders of Chatsworth which rose up from the flat valley floor.
“Stony Point.”
“Are we sure that is where they live?”
“It is where they come from at dusk and retreat to at dawn. To the best of our knowing, yes, we are sure.”
CHAPTER FIFTEEN –OTHERS

“We don’t have much more than an hour,” Ella said. It was nearing dusk, the time in which all good mothers began calling their children in for the night. Despite the heat, a chill raced through her, a mix of anticipation and plain cold terror. She was walking directly into the lair of her greatest enemies, the beasts she had feared all her life, but had never feared more than she did at this very moment. 
Oisin looked up towards the west. “It’s been so long since I’ve seen the sun, walked under its blanket of light. I hope this is not the last time.”
“It’s strange, I’ve lived under it all my life. It’s always been relentless to me, the glare, the heat. All I every wanted was to feel the cool breezes of the night and I thought I could never have them. But, why did you stay in? You could have come out before now, couldn’t you?”
“I made a pact, with the Folk, that to be one of them I would follow all of their customs and rules. In exchange for their protection, their acceptance, I gave up the sunlight knowing that someday it would be returned to us all.”
They were leaving the valley floor and moving into the rocky foothills. The streets had long since given way to hard-packed dirt trails and, now, small mountains of granite and limestone became obstacles to their progress. The sun sank lower on the horizon, sending thick shadows across their path.
Oisin’s voice dropped to a whisper as his eyes darted up to the cliffs growing larger around them, “Move quietly and be watchful.”
Ella slowed her pace, cursing her hard boots as she watched Oisin deftly maneuvering around the loose gravel and dried twigs in his soft moccasins. They were moving upwards now, a sharp ascent in front of them. To their right was an overgrown and weedy lawn, flanked by a rusted playground and what was left of a cinderblock building. It would have been easier to walk there but the cover of the oak trees was safer. They paused at the base of the mountain which was their destination and looked upwards at the craggy peaks above, outlined in orange and red by the setting sun.
Oisin pointed to an outcropping, mid-way up the slope, “There,” he whispered, “do you see it?”
She shook her head, straining to see, but her vision was trained for the sunlight, not the shadows.
“It looks to be a tunnel, a railway tunnel.”
She took his hand then, preparing to leave the shelter of the trees and grapple up the rocky mountainside.
“Wait,” he whispered, “A protection first, from the Queen.” He reached into the pouch around his neck and took out a miniature bottle. Tipping it slightly into his hand, a glistening golden liquid poured out which he dipped his thumb into. Murmuring softly, he raised his thumb and drew it down the length of Ella’s face, from the top of her brow, down her nose, over her lips and into the hollow of her neck. A warmth spread across her face, whether it was from the potion or Oisin’s touch, she couldn’t tell.
“What about you?”
“She did it herself, before you woke, and left me with this for you.”
“For me?”
“She does care for you, in her way.”
Ella imagined the Queen and something twisted in her stomach. She put her feelings away and looked to where Oisin had pointed. She could only just make out what might be a tunnel in the growing shadows. Oisin reached down and picked up two dead branches.
“For our walking, and anything else we might need it for.”
She gripped the shaft of the limb in her right hand, holding onto Oisin with her left. He led the way, his vision better accustomed to the quickly falling darkness. The going was quicker now that large boulders dominated the landscape, providing even footing which didn’t slide out from under them. But they had only made it a few hundred feet when the sunlight coalesced into a single shining spark on the horizon, pausing for just a moment as if to wish them speed, and then blinked out. Simultaneously, from under their feet, seemingly from the mountain itself, came a cavalcade of sound, throbbing and building from the bowels of the earth. Ella could feel the granite beneath her feet hum and send an electrifying fear stretching up her legs, reaching for her throat. Instinctively, they both crouched down, Oisin’s arm wrapped protectively over Ella’s shoulders. Above them, the mountainside came to life. A torrent of hideous beings took to the sky, their great bodies all in blackness above them, leathery wings ripping though the air, gangly limbs dangling. A huge rock which, a moment before, would have been seen as a great obstacle now became their shelter, and Oisin and Ella ducked under it, pressing deep into its shadow. Stones and debris tumbled down on either side of them and the howls and screams of the Others bore deep into their ears. A horror-show of beasts strode past. From deep under the rock, Ella was thankfully shielded from the sight of their hideous faces as they passed within a few feet of their hiding place. Instead her view was of the lower half of the beasts – cloven feet topped with matted grey fur, gigantic leathery stumps with flesh hanging loose about them, great clawed appendages crawling with lice – they both held their breath in fear that even the slightest movement might give them away. But the army seemed intent on getting to the valley floor and, for the great length of time in which they passed, not a one noticed the humans in the shadows at their feet.
By the time the dust settled and the cacophony had faded, Mother Moon was high above the eastern horizon. 
Oisin looked up, “She’s nearly full. Perhaps that will be some blessing,” Oisin whispered as he helped Ella out from under the rock.
They traveled the remaining distance towards the tunnel stealthily, though it was impossible not to send small avalanches cascading down the path behind them. Each time they froze and Ella’s heartbeat drowned out any sound she might have heard. Oisin, however, would cock his head for a moment and then pull her forward, satisfied that they had not been heard by any watchers above or below.
Soon, the mouth of the tunnel was before them. They crouched behind the dense sagebrush and peered into the darkness. The aura of the moon lay upon the floor of the huge opening, giving clear detail to a path worn smooth by the passage of countless beings. Oisin was correct, it had once been a railway tunnel, and the tracks shone dully, falling off into the distance as the tunnel was overtaken by the darkness within. It was quiet inside, but still they waited. Ella’s knees complained with the labor of it, but they dared not move until they were sure.
The moon had risen even further, retracting her beams from the mouth of the cave. Ella counted only eight railroad ties now visible in the light, where before there were twelve. Oisin shifted and Ella began to gather herself to leave their shelter when, from within the tunnel, came the sound of something moving. A shuffling noise, hardly discernable if they hadn’t been so focused. She could see nothing and glanced at Oisin to discern if his night vision could make out the danger. His face gave her no answer. He was focused on the tunnel, his brow furrowed, his mouth straight and resolute. As he watched him, his face changed, registering confusion and then something she couldn’t place, perhaps anger or maybe relief. In the moonlight she couldn’t be sure. 
There, at the edge of the moonlight, which now lay across the sixth railroad tie, came a small creature. It was no bigger than Nev and even faintly resembled the cat, with four thin legs and sharp pointed ears. It dragged a tail behind it that was more than twice the length of its body and when it turned towards them, Ella stifled a gasp, the entire lower half of its face was composed of jagged teeth protruding grotesquely underneath glowing red coals, which she assumed were its eyes. It stayed close to the cave wall as it came towards the entrance and paused for a moment, staring into the night, before taking a tentative step out. It raised its face to the sky and shook its head, mewing piteously before slinking down the side of the mountain.
After they were sure it was gone, Oisin leaned in to her and whispered, “They leave their young behind. I see no guards, though we must be careful.” 
As they entered the mouth of the tunnel, Ella thought she would never have a harder time leaving the moonlight than at this moment. But soon they were past the threshold and she was, once again, blind in the darkness. She must trust to Oisin to lead the way. Within a few steps he pulled her down to the cave floor, and a few moments later, above them, she heard the whisking of thick leathery wings towards the center of the tunnel – another straggler entering the night outside. Once it passed, they continued along the wall, Oisin navigating as they moved deeper and deeper into the enemy’s lair. He turned, pulling her directly towards the wall they were traveling along. She put her free hand in front of her, braced for impact, but felt only open space. There was a passageway branching off. Their route became steep, they were definitely descending into the root of the mountain. 
Soon Ella’s head was brushing the ceiling as the tunnel became smaller and narrower and both Oisin and Ella bent at the waist as they continued down into the mountain. The walkway remained smooth however, and she realized that this was how Oisin was finding their way. After the first turn she realized that she, too, could sense when an intersection was upon them. There was a shift in the air, not necessarily a change in temperature, but a different feeling to the space. At these junctures, Oisin would move to each passage and run his mocassined foot lightly over the entryway. That which seemed most used always became their choice. 
It was impossible to know how far into the mountainside they had come when Ella realized that she could see the shape of Oisin in front of her. Had her eyes finally become accustomed to the darkness or had the light changed? Within a few yards, her answer was given. Not only was the light growing, but there was sound now too, a variety of voices talking and screeching over one another, and they seemed to be close. They moved more cautiously now, with their backs to the wall, stepping sideways into a deep ochre light which spilled into the passageway from the intersection before them. Waves of heat pushed against their faces and the air became thick and close. The walls radiated the warmth as well, and they could no longer use them as shelter. A few more steps and they were upon the doorway from which the heat emanated. Oisin stopped at the edge of it, and looked back at her, his eyes steady and direct into hers. After taking a deep breath of the stifling air, she gave assent with a nod of her head and the plan which they had devised, back in the safety and coolness of his chamber, sprung into action.

Oisin stepped directly into the center of the doorway, silhouetted by the hellish glare from within. Ella, using his body as a shield, darted to the far side of the doorway and crouched there, as far back into the shadows as she dared. Instantaneously, a roar of protest sprang forth from the chamber as the beasts within noticed Oisin, a human of all things, in the deepest and most dangerous part of their lair. He needed to give no further encouragement, but simply turned and raced up the corridor back towards the surface. Following him were eight huge, reptilian creatures, galloping on meaty limbs with a cry of murder in their throats. Ella watched them go, willing herself to trust Oisin and his powers, to know that he would lose his pursuers and return to help her with the task which now lay in her hands.
Once her heart and breath were still, she focused her attention on the chamber before her. Jackal, drunken and giddy the night before, had reported that the girl was held in a place hotter than the sun and boiling with the Earth’s creation, a cavern of fire. The beads of sweat already gathering on Ella’s neck confirmed that this was the place. She could hear no sounds of beings within, other than a heavy gurgling and thick popping. She began to imagine what these sounds could be and then quickly put the thoughts out of her mind, hoping that reality would be better than fiction. 
The floor of the cavern slanted steeply down towards the center, and she walked carefully to avoid slipping in the gravel under her feet. Within twenty paces she was looking into the deep pit from which emanated the gurgling noises. She dared to peek over the edge of the chasm to view a sea of flames bubbling and churning far below. They had come deep enough into the mountain to touch into the earth’s vital substances – the lava which had shifted its course in the times of the great quakes and had spread its creeping destruction through every mountain range. She couldn’t look for more than a moment and backed away quickly, her eyes and throat burning. 
Constructed over the lethal well was an iron contraption of fiendish design, a network of bridges and walkways that had been built from various stolen articles from above ground. A metal staircase lay on its side hanging from thick chains looped around it and bolted to the rock wall. It was extended by a park bench and braced against what appeared to be the body of a small car. Other walkways were constructed of metal roofs, lamp posts, iron grating and any other rubble that could be dragged through the tunnels above. In some cases the trial and error had failed and entire sections dangled down into the depths, melting slowly in the furnace’s breath from below. The final result was a convex spider web of metal which culminated in the dead center at a small platform. Through the shimmering waves of heat Ella could see a crooked figure there, standing over what might be a sleeping girl, but staring directly at Ella.
Ella viewed her choices, deeming none of the walkways any more or less safe than another. She chose the one closest to her and stepped onto a cage of chain link fencing hanging like a cradle over the fire below. The entire structure rocked uneasily. Catching her balance, and taking care not to look down into the pit, she began to move forward, step by step. She moved onto a section constructed of steel girders, laced together with cabling. The heat blasted up at her and sweat dripped into her burning eyes. She had no choice but to ignore it, her balance was so precarious that any unnecessary movement put her in danger of falling off the narrow bridge. She kept her gaze forward and was relieved to see that the figure before her was merely an old man protecting what was definitely a young girl, lying at his feet. The man was very thin, and clothed in a long black overcoat. His hands and face were creased with deep coal colored lines and thin strands of hair fell out of an absurdly rakish top hat. Ella approached slowly, but steadily. She could see no weapon on the man and, even if she did, it would have been impossible to stop or retreat. Her forward momentum was the best hope for balance she could have on the walkway which grew thinner and thinner as she neared the center.
She stopped at the edge of the platform, within yards of the man and his quarry. His rheumy yellow eyes met hers and he opened his mouth, showing vicious looking teeth, rotted black and pointed. Her body fought to run, the thought of those teeth on her throat flashed in front of her eyes. She looked away, focusing on the girl, remembering their pact on the night of Ella’s thirteenth birthday. It was Ella’s fascination with these very beasts that the girl had protected. It was Ella’s turn to return the favor. 
The man’s mouth sliced open and a great purple tongue snaked out to lick the corners of his lips, further chipping away at the courage that had brought her this far. A few more steps and she would be within reach of the fiend. She thought of Oisin, with eight monsters pursuing him and tried to convince herself that she could manage this single one. She wiped the sweat from her eyes and moved along the edge of the platform, her feet feeling for purchase as she kept her eyes trained on the grotesque couple. Perhaps if she could get behind him, he was so thin, it was possible she could push him into the abyss. But, somehow she wasn’t sure if she’d be able to kill the creature, despite his obvious evil intent. 
He hissed at her as he adjusted his position to face her, crouching down with surprising grace, his bony legs folding up around him like an insect. She paused, lowering herself into a crouch as well, bringing her center of gravity down and steeling herself for what was surely ahead. 
The man licked his lips again, a sneering grin on his face. He spoke four words, softly but with an unmistakable note of glee and cunning, “The trap is sprung,” and with that ominous pronouncement he opened his arms wide in welcome and let himself fall backward off the platform. Ella shrieked in surprise and rushed to the edge. It had been just a split second that she had seen his hands, but in that moment she recognized him. He was the one who had pointed her out to Father. He had been at her house. He had been with her family.
She watched him as he plunged headlong toward the inferno below but, just before he was consumed, he neatly vanished. She backed away from the edge, her heart pounding. She needed to concentrate on the girl. She wiped her burning eyes with the back of her hand and turned to where she lay. It was definitely the girl from the cottage, with the same delicate face and sinewy hands. Her freckles still lay soft across her cheeks, though the heat had baked her exposed skin pink and in some places it was cracked and peeling. Ella laid her fingers against the girl’s cheek, “Hello, it’s me. Do you remember me? Wake up, we must go.” Ella took her hand next and squeezed it, wincing as the skin cracked in her grip. She shook her shoulders, willing the girl to open her eyes – all with no result. Ella looked up, keeping watch for the old man and wondering how long it had been since Oisin had left. He had to return soon. 
“I’m here,” he said, right behind her and making her leap in fright, which caused the iron web to sway ominously.
“It’s okay, it’s me, but we must be quick.”
“She won’t wake up, and this awful man, he was here, he might be back.”
Oisin bent and lifted the girl. He began walking down the pathway towards the entrance, balancing easily on the metal footing. “Yes, I know. I saw him. It was Bodach, he leads the Others. He’s probably the one who took her. He is certainly still about.”
“He said something, ‘the trap is sprung’. What did he mean?”
“A trap? Well, it may have been, but there’s nothing to be done about it now.”
Ella shadowed Oisin down the walkway, her hand resting on his shoulder for balance. He did not seem to notice the precarious walkway, even holding the girl he moved quickly towards the doorway. Below them the evil pool belched, sending a thick plume of searing fumes into their faces. Ella could hardly breathe for the heat and smoke. They were more than half-way to solid ground when a voice stopped them.
“Ahmaddon is hungry.” It was Bodach, the old man, speaking from the entrance to the cave which he now blocked. A battalion of reptilian creatures filed past him and began slithering onto the walkways, grasping the railings and hanging from every available handhold. Ella and Oisin froze as quakes ran through the entire structure, Ella’s balance relying only on her connection to Oisin.
“I’d like to thank you, young man, for bringing her here,” he continued, the words dripping from his lips, “It makes our work much easier, to send them both in the belly of Ahmaddon together. And he will be so pleased. We were tempted to kill the one nights ago, she is useless as you can see, lost in dreams – or,” he smiled viciously, “perhaps nightmares. Oh, but you humans, so sentimental. Of course you would plan a rescue, and with Jackal slinking about as your go-between. Tricky creature, that vile dog. We’ll have to give him a treat for his services. Perhaps a nice bit of tender meat.” Bodach snapped his rotten teeth viciously as the reptiles advancing on them screeched in agreement and lurched towards their targets.
The walkway shook violently and Ella grabbed for Oisin. They were shaking the railings, leaning all their weight back and forth, turning the walkway into a small dinghy on a turbulent sea. 
Oisin shouted at her, “Back to the platform!” 
She didn’t dare turn, but trusted her feet to guide her, with her hand clasped firmly to Oisin’s shoulder as they were forced to retreat.
Bodach began circling the room, shouting encouragements to wreak further damage to the structure. The space echoed with the creaking and groaning of fastenings that bent and loosened from the rock. The walkway buckled and swayed beneath them but with Oisin’s remarkable balance, they made it back to the center platform, Ella keeping a firm grip on his shoulder as he held the girl, who appeared hardly alive.
“Ella,” Oisin shouted over the deafening sound, “Reach in my pouch, around my neck! There is a stone, get it!”
She pushed her free hand into Oisin’s shirt, grasping for the leather bag he wore. Inside, at the bottom she could feel a solid, smooth orb. The platform lurched again as two beasts worked violently on a single leg. Oisin glanced at them, “Hurry!” he shouted.
She began to loosen the string, needing both hands for the job, just as the creatures gained a victory and an entire leg pulled free from the rock wall. The structure jerked violently and Ella fell, hitting the metal grating heavily. She rolled over, off the leg she had fallen on, a searing pain in her knee.
“Ella! The bag!”
Oisin’s pouch had ripped from his neck when she fell, and was sliding towards the edge of the tilting platform. She reached for it, her fingers grazing the leather as it slid past. She scrambled forward, her knee protesting angrily, and just caught the cord before it dropped over the edge. Lurching to her feet, she stumbled back to Oisin. Over his shoulder she could see four creatures pulling all their weight against another footing.
“The stone!”
Ella linked her arm through Oisin’s, who had remarkably kept his balance, and yanked the pouch open with her teeth. She pulled out an ocher stone flecked with crimson, its center pulsating dimly. 
“Ella, say these words, as loud as you can – Solas an Lae!”
Somehow the strange syllables found their way out of Ella’s throat and into the cavern as she held the stone high above her head, “Solas an Lae!”
“Now throw it! High as you can! Aim for the sun, Ella!”
Her heart wrenched at throwing such a lovely thing where it would certainly fall into the gurgling lava below, but there was no time to question – the entire mass of creatures were now concentrating on the walkway behind them, and they were dangerously close to success. Ella braced her feet and let go of Oisin. With all her force she launched the orb at the roof of the cave. Oisin’s voice rang out as she did, “Caith Solas Ar!”
At that moment, their enemies let out a great yell of “Ahmaddon!” and another walkway wrenched free from its footing. The web began to fall into the fire, the center platform dropping beneath their feet and the monsters cried out in glory. But their victory was short lived as the cavern flooded with the brilliant yellow glow of a summer day and every face was illuminated, whether in relief or horror. The troops shrank to the ground, throwing their arms over their faces, cowering in the dirt, screaming in pain. Through the grating of the platform Ella watched two stumble over the edge in blindness and fall into the pool below, their shrieks bouncing against the walls as they fell. 
“After me!” Oisin sprinted down one of the remaining walkways and Ella followed at top speed, each step sending great quakes through the structure. Rock dust fell around them as the remaining bolts sprang loose from the walls. Ella felt the last step of the platform fall away under her feet just as she gained solid ground. 
Bodach had retreated to safety under a shallow overhang and stared out from the grey shadows. “Run if you will! It is far to the surface, and the tunnels are dark. You will be fair game for many who wait for you!”
Without a glance at the demon they left the cavern of fire.

“Hold tight to my shirt, don’t let go,” Oisin whispered as they raced up the passageway, Ella gritting her teeth against the pain in her leg. Soon they were back into the enveloping darkness, hearing only their own footfalls as accompaniment to Ella’s galloping heartbeat. Oisin surged ahead, somehow accelerating upwards despite the heavy weight he carried. Ella reveled in the cooler air moving over her burnt skin as they ran through intersections, Oisin leading the way, moving without hesitation. The space around them began to lighten and Ella could soon make out the shape of Oisin before her. She was just beginning to feel the night air cooling her throat when Oisin came to an abrupt stop. 
The train tunnel lay just before them, Ella could make out the twin rails of the old tracks. Oisin shifted his body slowly, back against Ella, pressing her tight against the wall. She held her breath and willed her heartbeat to quiet as she strained to hear what lay in wait. It didn’t take long before a low hiss and the crunch of gravel sounded only yards from them. Her whole body was on alert now, her vision seemed to sharpen and she could make out shadows on the far side of the train tunnel, their only route to escape. If there is only one of them, we might stand a chance, she thought. This hope was quickly buried however, as another hiss echoed back to her, then three more, all from different positions ahead of them. They are talking to each other. She continued to hold her breath, afraid of giving their position away. Next to her, Oisin had turned to face the wall and began to slowly crouch down. Looking at Ella, he jerked his chin downward towards the rocky ground before him. Somehow she knew what he wanted and untied the cloak around his neck, laying it over the sharp stones and dirt. He placed the girl on top of it, gently brushing her hair off her face before standing again and facing Ella. 
Oisin placed his hand flat on his chest and then pointed to the train tunnel. His other hand he placed on Ella and pointed at the ground. He would go, she would stay. Ella shook her head emphatically. He met her resistance by repeating his gestures. She shook her head again, reaching for his hand. He let her take it and then, with his other, slid a small knife out of his belt and pressed into her grip. 
“No!” she screamed in her head, staring directly into his eyes, imagining him hearing her, imagining them together facing this enemy. 
Then she heard his voice, and the surprise was so great she almost gasped in fear, “But I must, it is the only way.” His words were clear and earnest, heard directly in her ear, but he was before her and his lips had not moved. 
She stilled herself, intent on keeping the connection alive, “You can’t do it alone. You need me.”
She waited, fearing the she had not been heard, he seemed to take ages to answer.
“Yes, I do,” he admitted softly, “But not for this, I will lead them off. You wait here, I’ll come back for you both. My word.”
“I won’t let you,” she tightened her grip, holding his hand with both of her own.
“Ella, please. There isn’t much time.”
Her eyes filling with tears, she let her fingers be loosened. But before he let them go entirely, Oisin raised her hand to his cheek, holding it there for a moment before gently brushing her palm with his lips and turning away.
She watched him go, pausing briefly at the mouth of the portal, then leaping into space, seemingly defying gravity as he spun and swerved to the left and out of Ella’s sight. A cavalcade of hissing echoed through the tunnel as a dozen shadows lumbered past the opening after him. She pressed herself back against the rough wall, stifling a cry that would have surely brought some of them her way as well. I must trust Oisin, he would not put himself in danger. The sound faded off into the distance as she held the handle of the short dagger clenched against her stomach. What could I even do with this, she wondered, a sudden burst of laughter threatening to escape her as she thought of wielding it against any of the horrible creatures she had seen this night. The laughter quickly retreated though, and was replaced with a chill icicle of foreboding as she heard another sound, a deep growl, and it wasn’t coming from the train tunnel, it was coming from the depths below.
She pressed herself against the wall, picturing herself as only another piece of the rock, melting into its crevasses. As she did so, she shifted her position, actually finding a small indentation behind her that she could just fit into. She was hidden as best as she could be, and she hoped it would be enough for whatever was coming her way. The sound of it was closer now, deep huffing growls and soft footfalls. She pushed herself further into the rock, somehow finding just a little more room to camouflage herself. It was just a few feet from her now, its rank smell forcing her to hold her breath again. It was shaggy, and huge, but walked on two feet, with oversized arms hanging from broad shoulders. Its head was set forward on its body, and it craned its neck from side to side, either trying to see or smell its way forward. Ella seemed to be well enough hidden, it had almost passed her by. She almost let her breath out in relief when she remembered the girl. She was still out there, lying on the floor, and now it was obvious that the beast had noticed her. It dropped onto its front feet and moved towards the unconscious girl. It seemed to be unsure what it had found, which heartened Ella, it had surely not been sent to look for them or it would already be sounding some sort of alarm. The fur on its back raised in a ridge from ears to tail as it approached the small bundle cautiously, the length of its front limbs causing it to sway rhythmically, as if it were mesmerizing its prey. For the first time Ella was thankful that the girl was sleeping and could not see the horror approaching her. 
As if in a trance, Ella began to remove herself from her hiding space. The beast had now reached its quarry and drank deeply of the scent, its stubbish snout dragging along the girl’s body. As it let out a final growl of desire, peeling back its lips and baring jagged teeth, Ella was upon it. With a single stroke, from high above her head, she brought the dagger down and landed it at the base of the monster’s skull. It shrieked in agony and twisted beneath her, wrenching its head towards her, but Ella gave a sharp twist and thrust of the blade, sending it upwards into the soft tissue behind its eyes. The beast fell to the floor, the knife firmly planted in its shaggy fur. Ella stood over it in wonderment, and disgust. But panic quickly replaced her repulsion as she realized the monster’s shriek had alerted others from below. The whole mountain seemed to begin rumbling.
With no time to think she lifted the girl, her hands still wet and slippery with remains, and ran for the tunnel. Oisin! She sent her thoughts to him, I need you now! There was no answer, and she raced down the tracks towards the entrance to the tunnel, willing her arms to bear the heavy load. She could do nothing but go on and hope that she could escape, and that she would find Oisin waiting for her. Noises from behind her echoed in the tunnel, it was certain that those below had heard the demise of their brethren. She prayed that she had enough of a start to outrun them. She imagined herself flying through the tunnel, the girl like a feather in her arms, her feet barely touching the ground. She had managed to remain on one of the tracks as she ran, so the going was smoother and she perhaps stood a chance. But at least one was closing in on her, she could hear its footfalls getting louder. Ella’s vision became clearer, she had almost grown wings now in her thoughts, and she was just steps from the entrance. Whatever was beyond would have to be dealt with when she came upon it. Finally, she reached the barrier of moonlight which fell into the tunnel. Just a few more moments and she would be out. Something grabbed her arm, and she almost lost her balance. But then, he was with her, beside her. It was Oisin, his face full of determination. She almost forgot where she was in her desire to throw her arms around him, but he looked forward, pulling her on and out of the darkness.

Outside, the world was blue and crystal, the moonlight blinding. Oisin pulled her sharply to the side of the entrance and behind the crags that had grown like teeth from the mountainside. The night air cooled their lungs and Ella gulped it in before finally staggering under the weight of the girl.  
“I’ll take her,” Oisin whispered, easily relieving Ella despite his own rapid breath.
“What now?” Ella whispered back, still trying to catch her breath.
“We wait, hopefully not long. The Griffins will come soon.” Oisin scanned the sky with a worried expression. He looked at her and offered a tight smile, attempting to make his voice reassuring, “They will be here soon.”
A rumbling from the floor of the valley reached their ears, the sounds of many masses moving together, and the growls and screeches of the Others.
“Oisin, they’re coming back, it must be almost morning, the Griffins have already come and gone.” Ella could hardly keep the alarm out of her voice. Her breath, which had been returning to normal, came again in sharp staccato. 
“It’s not yet mideve,” Oisin corrected gently, “The Others have been called back, by Bodach. And ours will come, they’ve been watching for us. Let’s help them Ella. Ignore what’s below us, what’s behind us. Close your eyes and see what you wish to happen. You know what to do, you’ve been doing it already. Use your magic.”
Ella closed her eyes against the coming assault and pictured their saviors, the Griffin and Hytersprites, flying at top speed toward them. She could see them in the air, circling high above and looking down on the mountain. She pictured their noble heads and vast wings, she put every detail in place as they soared through the night sky. Then, she added the two of them, far below, pinpointed in her mind’s eye and a target for the great animals’ descents. She imagined them, growing larger and larger as they descended. But the noise of the Others was almost impossible to shut out, it seemed the whole mountain was shaking as the army rallied upwards. Pieces of rock and shale began to rain down on them from above as the inside of the mountain quaked as well, and the echoing noises of creatures hideous and horrifying surged out of the tunnel entrance. She clung desperately to the image of her and Oisin, there on the mountainside, waiting for rescue, but it was fading, torn apart by doubt and panic.
“Make it happen, Ella, bring them here!” Oisin was shouting now, and could hardly be heard.
She realized she had kept her vision above their true location, still looking down on their heads from above. She refocused, willing herself to completely block out the monsters approaching them, and envisioned herself and Oisin, with the girl in his arms, from ground level and just a few steps away. 
At once, the air moved and a great flapping of wings brought her back. Before them was the Griffin, alighting in front of the tunnel entrance, its beak opening in a fearsome call, and a dozen Hytersprites, landing in a circle around it, facing outwards in a ring of protection.
Oisin ran for the Griffin and laid the girl before it, Ella close behind him. She leapt onto the back of the animal as it gingerly plucked the girl from the ground. She wound her fists into the Griffin’s fur and hunched close over its neck. She watched Oisin do the same with one of the larger Hytersprites which had stepped into the circle of protection. She squeezed her eyes tight and sent him her thoughts, “Be safe!” She opened her eyes to see him nod to her as the flock lifted into the air. 
The Griffin tore through the night sky, quickly leaving the Hytersprites behind. From the ground she could hear shrieks of disappointment as the Others watched their quarry disappear. But they were not safe yet, there were many winged monsters that would not forget their duty. Ella glanced around them, seeing only the deepening blue of the sky through the wind in her eyes. She buried her head between her hands, and focused her mind, bringing a vision of the Griffin and Hytersprites yHyflying unmolested through the night sky. Her vision sharpened and she was seeing the land as if from her mount’s point of view. The mountaintops were crystalline, each jagged precipice sharpened to a razor’s edge, the flatlands of the valley awash in deep greens and purples. They were racing through the night, seemingly the only beings in the sky. Ahead were the dwellings of the Folk and she could clearly make out their refuge, a yawning hole in the flat rock, awash with fire glow. In just a few moments she could feel the soft thud of the Griffin’s paws touch ground and she opened her eyes in wonder. They had made it safely! Did I make this happen? Me? She slid down to the floor as the Griffin released the girl he had carried safely in his giant paws. Ella knelt by her side, she was still unconscious, but it seemed as though the night air had brought some life to her expression. Why isn’t there anyone here to help? The only other being besides the two girls and the Griffin was the Honga, who began to shift his heavy bulk to block the door. 
“No, please don’t, Oisin hasn’t come through yet,” she pleaded and the Honga complied, standing just to the side of the opening. 
Where is Oisin? Why isn’t he here yet? She closed her eyes again, trying to call him into her mind, to create a picture of him or connect with him somehow. But a vast nothingness filled her head, she could neither talk to him or even conjure an image of him. But I know exactly what he looks like, why can’t I see his face? The harder Ella tried, however, the deeper the darkness in her mind. Tears filled her eyes and she slumped to the floor next to the girl. In a moment the Griffin was behind her and lowered itself onto its haunches as it gazed out the cave’s opening into the night. With gratefulness, Ella leaned back against its strong body and let lose a gasping sob, and then another. Together they watched the sky outside begin to lighten towards day.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN –TRIAL

Ella watched the portal being closed, the Honga grunting loudly as it rolled a massive stone over its opening to block out the dawn light. Nothing had changed while she waited for Oisin, the Griffin was crouched behind her and the girl lay still at her feet.
“What do I do now?” she asked, not knowing if either the Honga or the Griffin could even understand her words.
Then, from the passageway to her right, another voice came, light and merry, a twinkling of bells which seemed to scatter some of the dark thoughts which were already pressing into the corners of Ella’s mind. “Sleep child. You shall sleep.”
A young woman stepped before Ella, tall and willowy, her white dress flowing behind her like rivulets of a stream. Her hair seemed to stir and move about her face with the slightest breath and her eyes held no color at all, but shimmered like sunlight which had been caught in a pool. Around her was a veil of dancing dust motes, filled with white light and bringing a glow to the now dark cavern.
“Who are you?” Ella questioned, remembering the warnings of Oisin. She moved closer to the girl and placed her hand protectively on her sleeping form.
“They call me Beaen-Fionn, the Water Woman, a friend of Oisin. Come. We will make you comfortable for the day.”
“Oisin? Where is he? Why didn’t he come?” Ella stood, but still was not ready to follow the strange woman. The Griffin stood beside her, filling the small cavern with his towering height.
“I’m sorry, child. This I do not know. Oisin has not returned.” Ella’s shock must have shown clearly on her face for the woman continued, “But we know he is not harmed.”
“How? How do you know?”
“I will tell you all, as we walk. It is morning, you must sleep.” She gestured for Ella to walk before her. Ella looked at the passageway. It was broad enough for human forms, but the Griffin was much too large.
“I think it would be better if you told me here.”
The woman laughed, a tinkling sound which reassured Ella and lightened her heart. Then she leaned in close to Ella’s ear and whispered, “Keva, Keva is her name.”
Ella then knew that she could trust her, and the need for sleep was suddenly overwhelming. Ella leaned down to lift the girl, “We must bring her.”
“Of course, child, please, allow me.” 
Gently, gracefully, the paper thin woman knelt and lifted the girl in a cradling embrace. She stepped soundlessly to the passageway. Ella looked to the Griffin, feeling guilty for leaving the grand animal behind, but it merely looked off after the woman, its topaz eyes glinting softly. 
Ella limped after her, her knee now stiff and swollen.
“How do you know Oisin is alright?”
 “I know this because the Court is not in mourning. If he were killed, or in deathly embrace, the Queen would know, her connection to him is very strong.”
Ella ignored the twist of jealousy which arose in her stomach, “Then where is he?”
“Since you do not seem to know, this remains a mystery. She is unable to find him in her thoughts, he is shrouded somehow,” the tinkling bells of laughter returned, “The Queen had thought it was you who had blocked her way. I am so very glad to know it was not.”
“Me? How could I?”
“Even if you do not know your own power, it is there. Now, here we are.” The woman led Ella into Oisin’s dwelling space – its cozy nooks and soft blankets seeming more like home than anyplace in the world to her. She took some of the cushions off the sleeping shelf and placed them on the floor.
“I’ll sleep here,” she mumbled as she lowered to the ground, her body heavy and thick with fatigue. Beaen-Fionn laid the girl down on the shelf and pulled a thin blanket over her, leaning down to kiss her cheek as she did. She folded herself down next to Ella and stroked her forehead. 
“He’ll return to you soon. He wouldn’t leave you. This is known.” The woman kissed Ella on the forehead with lips that felt like air and then was gone, the immediate darkness coaxing Ella into a deep and dreamless sleep.

She awoke to the rasp of a rough tongue on her cheek.
“Nev, where have you been?” Ella gathered the cat into her arms and pulled her to her chest. Nev tolerated the closeness for a moment before squirming away and leaping up to the sleeping shelf where the girl lay still. Judging by how rested she felt, Ella figured most of the day had passed.
“What wick are we on?” she asked the cat, amused to find herself thinking in terms of wicks rather than hours or minutes. Nev answered by gazing at her suspiciously before beginning a meticulous cleaning of her forepaws.
It appeared as though nothing had been disturbed during the day, all was exactly as Ella and Oisin had left it. She and the girl were still alone. Someone had wrapped Ella’s knee in a thick compress and, as she removed it, a smell of earth and spice filled the room. She bent her leg and was glad to feel it move easily. 
Ella moved to the girl and looked into her sleeping face. Her features were slack and empty. If it wasn’t for the steady rise and fall of her chest, Ella would be sure she was dead.
“Come on, wake up,” Ella muttered to her, willing the girl to show some signs of consciousness. As if to prove her hopes futile, Nev softly padded onto the girl’s prone body and settled down for a nap in the middle of her chest, purring contentedly.
Ella turned away from them, and pondered her situation. Oisin had obviously not returned, he would have come here first. Or if he couldn’t he would have sent someone, like the Beaen-Fionn. It must be after nightfall, from the light in the tunnels outside she could tell the Folk were awake though she was surprised that no one had come for her. The girl was here with her after all, and one of them was the supposed Key. They’ll come for us soon, she thought and, despite her worry over Oisin, began to prepare to face the Council alone.
Ella washed herself, using the small vessel of water kept behind a floor length curtain in the back of the room. The water ran down her body and absorbed quickly into the thick stack of mats under her feet. With her fingertips she could just feel the soft ridge of scar that ran down her back from her brush with the Others, and was amazed that she had no pain or limitation in her movements from the injury. Feeling rejuvenated, she held up her clothes for inspection. They were much too filthy to even consider wearing again, so she rummaged in a heavy trunk and found some soft clothing that would be loose on her, but wearable. The fabric was pliant and smooth and as she dropped a long tunic over her head she luxuriated in the comfort of it. She slipped on a pair of soft moccasins, tightening the laces to conform them to her feet. She balled up her uniform, the shirt no longer crisp and white, the pants peppered with briars and foxtails, and shoved them deep into her high black boots.
“I believe that will be the last time I’ll be needing these,” she said as she deposited them in a dark corner of the room.
She foraged in the foodstuffs that Oisin kept and found enough to stave off her hunger, being sure to drop plenty of crumbs for Nev to enjoy.
“Now all there is to do is wait.” She sat down on the soft floor, her back against the shelf where the girl slept. Reaching up, she took her hand in her own.
“He’ll be back, I know he will. But for now, it’s you and me.” Nev let out a mournful meow and Ella laughed softly. “And you too, Nev, you too.”


It wasn’t long before the doorway curtains parted and the Beaen-Fionn stepped into the cavern.
“Clan Council is gathering. All will be there,” she said.
Ella couldn’t stop herself from asking, although she was sure she knew what the answer would be, “Has Oisin returned?”
The beautiful woman shook her head, but added, “The Queen remains hopeful.”
Ella stood and moved towards the girl, still sleeping on the shelf. The woman stepped in front of her and, in one graceful motion, lifted her easily.
“Her cheek, there’s something there,” Ella pointed to a faint luminescence that shone from the girl’s face.
“It is my mark, from a kiss. You have one as well, a protection.”
Ella’s hand went to her forehead, wishing she could see if she shared this glowing tattoo. Beaen-Fionn turned, her skirts a faint whispering swirl, and left the cavern. Ella followed quickly behind her, through the empty tunnels.

Although the Council was filled, an unnatural hush lay across the vast chamber as Ella entered, the Beaen-Fionn at her side. Ella was grateful for the beautiful being’s confidence as she stood on the center dais, the Queen’s Court and the Ancients staring down at her. The call to order was hardly necessary as the audience sat in rapt attention, waiting for the proceedings to begin. 
The Queen approached the podium first and the Beaen-Fionn bowed deeply. Ella bowed as well but brought her head up quickly and scanned the audience, finding strength in the sight of the Griffins at the rear of the cavern. 
The Queen spoke, her voice a direct accusation, “Tell us where Oisin is.”
“I don’t know, how could I?”
The Queen’s laughter rang out in the hall, bouncing against the high stone walls. “Do you expect the Council to believe that you – the last human to see him, the daughter of a most hated enemy and a witch, no less – that you are blind to the whereabouts of our beloved son, our dear Oisin?”
Ella was blindsided by the accusation. She turned to the Beaen-Fionn for help, but the woman remained still, her eyes resting on the Queen high above. 
A witch? How could she say that? But she knew that engaging the Queen in a battle of words would be fruitless, and potentially deadly.
“Have the Hytersprites said anything?” Ella asked, noticing that the Hytersprites were conspicuously absent from the gathering.
“They claim an oath, or perhaps it is a curse, of secrecy.”
“And can you,” Ella softened her tone, remembering the great power of the Queen and being careful not to push her too far, “Can you see him?”
The Queen’s eyes burned briefly with fury and Ella tensed. Then her face softened and she answered stoically, “He is veiled from me.”
“And from me as well,” Ella said, softly but clearly.
Silence lay between them now. Ella chanced to look up, meeting the Queen’s gaze across the vast space, the gravity of concern common on their faces.
The Dryad stepped forward and in its thousand voices spoke, “Our attention now turns to the girl.”
“I get nothing from her,” The Queen spat out, “She hardly breathes, I can not touch her. Ask the witch.”
All eyes turned to Ella. “Firstly, I am not a witch,” At least I don’t think. “And, I have not seen her move. She is alive though.”
“Is her soul intact?” the Dryad asked.
Ella was unable to reply, and looked around thinking perhaps the question was meant for someone or something else. The Beaen-Fionn moved closer to Ella and whispered softly, “Touch her. Use your hands.”
Ella reached out hesitantly, her hands visibly shaking, and laid them on the girl’s stomach and the crown of her head. She looked into the clear eyes of the Beaen-Fionn, who nodded subtly and smiled. Ella closed her eyes and concentrated, picturing the girl in her mind. Suddenly, a golden rosy light flooded her vision and the girl sat before her, in a field of tall yellow corn. She smiled serenely, but blankly, no emotion or recognition passed through her features. Just as suddenly, the picture faded and Ella opened her eyes again.
“Yes, I think so. But she’s gone somewhere else.”
“Then it is possible the Ancients can wake her,” the Dryad replied.
“No, it is not,” rang out a voice from the entryway to the Council chamber. All eyes turned towards the sound and Ella’s heart leapt in her chest. From the shadows stepped Oisin, surrounded by a bank of Hytersprites with their wings held high and spread around them as an immense shield. Ella let out a cry of delight which was lost amid the great clamor from the room. Oisin looked directly at her, a mischievous smile on his face, and sent her a thought, Stay where you are. Ella stopped herself from rushing towards him, a million questions racing through her mind. The Queen, the girl, the Council – it all disappeared in her relief that Oisin was alive.
“Permission to enter Council in session?” Oisin asked of the Dryad.
“Granted.”
“Permission to bring a visitor to Council.”
“Do you speak for this visitor?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Permission granted.”
With a whisper the Hytersprites folded their great feathers to their sides and Oisin walked into their midst, his hand reaching out to whomever they had been shielding. He returned with a great smile on his face, leading a frail looking human behind him. She raised her head and despite the blindfold which covered most of her face, Ella drew in a sharp breath of recognition. It was Finn! They are finally together! Ella nearly cheered with excitement as Oisin led Finn down the walkway to the center dais. When they reached the platform he reached for Ella’s hand, and squeezing it tenderly, placed the cool, papery fingers of the old woman into Ella’s keeping. 
“I believe you remember my sister,” Oisin whispered.
“Finn, I’m so glad you’re here, and that you’re safe.” 
The woman smiled and replied gently, “Of course dear. I trust you still have my cat?”
“Yes, Nev is…”
Their brief salutations were cut off by the Queen, standing like a tempest above, her gowns twisting and flapping like a storm at sea. A blast of warm air hit the platform, and with it a stinging sensation like bee stings, striking Ella in the face, the arms, anywhere her skin was exposed. Oisin threw his hands up over Finn, pulling her close and protecting her from the worst of it. Ella fought to get to the girl, to shield her, when the windstorm suddenly stopped, replaced by a deep rumbling that shook the ground beneath them.
“The Queen brings fear into the chamber,” one of the Ancients intoned. 
“They have brought another witch into our chamber!” the Queen retorted, “It seems you have fallen in with the wrong lot, Oisin! I demand that you explain yourself!”
The Queen’s fury was apparent for all to see and her Court began buzzing in wonderment and excitement. Oisin stepped forward and Ella shot him a warning, Be careful!
Oisin bowed low and long before addressing the Queen. “My dearest Queen, I have been on the errand I was charged with. However, I believed I had failed in my duty when I found the young girl, in the realm of the Others, in her current state. I probed her mind but was unable to find her in the brief moments we had before we were attacked. For the safety of the Folk, I sent both of the Keys on to you, knowing you would care for them until I could return with the one who could help.”
“A witch! How do you expect that a witch could do what the Court could not?” the Queen’s gaze turned to the assembly before her and her voice raised in pronouncement, “It is not our magic and does not belong in these sacred spaces.”
“I have not wished to cause offence, my Queen, it is only in the hopes that we may all be freed from our bondage that I have done so. The first witch, Ella,” Oisin turned and slipped Ella a smile, “did not even know her own powers until this last evening. I myself did not know though I am sure that you, of course, were aware of her capabilities.” The Queen nodded at the flattery, though Ella could sense her attempt at composure. Oisin continued, “This second witch is to be entirely trusted. You can see that she has blindfolded herself of her own insistence, not wanting to see or know more than is her human destiny. She has been a soldier against the forces of the Others for many years now, and, I believe, is known to you as well.” Oisin paused and reached for Finn, who took two confident steps towards him and grasped his hand. “Clan Council, my Queen, I present to you all my sister, Fionnuala Lightly.” 
The cavern burst into sound, all beings were now craning for a look at the aged sister of the young Oisin. The Queen’s gaze bored into the siblings on the dais. Oisin returned her gaze calmly and Finn held her head high as she stood beside him. The whole assembly was in debate now, and within the clamor was an unmistakable murmur of, “The witch can wake her.”
The Queen interrupted the impromptu debate, “Yes, I do know her, though you give not her proper name. And I know also that she is a powerful human, one of the only left on this side of the ocean. This is of no doubt. It is good to see that she has survived the human frailties that have destroyed so many. But,” and here the Queen paused, her tone becoming pointed and direct, “she is not to be entirely trusted by my Court, yourself being included. She, in particular, has never held sympathy for the Folk and has acted against us in many ways.”
Finn leaned into Oisin’s side and whispered into his ear.
Oisin spoke, “Fionnula Lightly requests permission to speak in Council.”
The Dryad nodded.
“Your Great Majesty,” Finn began, “I am honored to stand here in your presence and it pains me that my eyes are blind to your beauty. But my ears sing with the sound of your voice and your very proximity enlivens every inch of my aged body.” 
Ella dared a glance up at the Queen, who nodded only briefly at the flattery.
Finn continued, “You and I both love the boy who stands beside me. Any acts which I had dared to take which caused affront to you or your Court were merely the loving embraces of a sister who missed her brother. I do hope that you can be assured of my good faith and utmost respect for you. I am eternally grateful for the love you have shown to Oisin and the protection you have shown to him from the malevolent forces that have haunted us all.”
The Dryad spoke next, “Please tell the Council why you have come.”
“I have come to offer my assistance, as requested by my brother. He has told me of the girl who sleeps and I can help, I do believe.”
“The Ancients can wake her,” The Queen challenged.
Now the great bulking shapes that comprised the group of Ancients began to shift and a stone figure approached the center of the platform.
“If the child were lost only in the realm of this world, our medicine would bring her back. Her soul has taken flight far beyond our reach, this is not a healing we can work.”
The Dryad made the final pronouncement, “It has been put forth that Fionnula Lightly, the witch spoken for by Oisin of the Court, will be allowed to remain in the branagh to awaken the girl. Shall it be so?” 
The entire floor answered, “So shall it be.”
“And so it is.”
Within moments the Council was adjourned, the Queen disappearing in a great flash of sparking light, and they were left alone in the chamber. Oisin embraced Ella, reassuring her that he was uninjured. Ella put her arms around Finn who briefly returned her embrace and then swatted her hands away, “Show some respect, child, I’m a witch!” Oisin took up the girl from where the Beaen-Fionn had laid her on the dais and Ella took Finn by the elbow as they moved into the passageways. Within moments, Nev ran up to greet them, twining herself in Finn’s legs. Finn leaned down and scooped her up before continuing on after Oisin.
“Now, Ella Fine, I have heard about most of your adventures, and my, what adventures they have been. I am pleased to see that you have gotten along so well, and even found your way into the Queen’s favor.”
Ella laughed out loud, “Favor? Of the Queen? Not at all!”
“Trust me, dear child, you have, and very strongly too. She doesn’t take kindly to most humans, especially the girls. And you still have that pretty head upon your shoulders, I trust?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Then she surely believes you are something special.”
“But not the Key,” Ella replied.
“Oh dear, the melancholia creeps in again does it? The true Key has yet to be determined is my understanding. And there are many other important roles in this story, are there not? Now then, as we walk, fill my ears with what you see. I never thought my footsteps would echo in these halls.”
“Why not take the blindfold off?” Ella asked.
“I will, once we are closer to the surface. Although I long for the sight of what lies within, I do not wish it to be the last thing I see. The Queen would love to make me beholden to her, in the name of my own Mam, I’m sure. I wouldn’t like to happen upon one of her court without some protection, however crude it may be.”
Ella filled Finn’s ear with every detail of the beings and chambers they passed, delighting again in the beauty and mystery of it all and surprised to notice how it had already become a kind of home to her, less foreign with every passing minute. Soon, however, they arrived at their dwelling.
Oisin placed the girl in the sleeping nook and turned to Ella, again enfolding her in an embrace, longer this time, with his face buried in her hair. A soft sob escaped her in response and he released her.
“What is it Ella, why are you crying?” he asked gently.
She smiled through her tears, “I think I’m happy, really. It’s such a relief for you to be here. I didn’t know what had happened, or what I would do if you didn’t come back.”
“You seemed to be holding your own,” Oisin said, with a sly smile, “Though I’m sorry to have left you alone. I couldn’t have kept up with you in any case, I’ve never seen the Griffin fly so quickly. And I knew you were safe, the Others hardly pursued either of us. It was very strange.” He looked at Ella with a twinkle in his eye.
“Then why didn’t you tell me where you were going?”
“There was no time, and I didn’t even know myself.” He lifted her chin up and forced her to look into his eyes. “I said I wouldn’t leave you, and I hated breaking that promise.”
“I called him,” Finn said. In the safety of the cavern, she had removed her blindfold and was sitting on the edge of the sleeping shelf with Nev in her lap. “The girl needs my help. So I called my brother to me, and he answered.”
“I’m glad you’re here,” Ella said, “It feels right to have you with us.”
“Thank you dear, I agree. But there’s no time for sappiness, we must get to work. I’m sure Oisin has most of the things we’ll need, the rest are in your pouch. Oisin, you must find a place for us to work, large enough for a circle that we three,” she gestured to Ella and the girl, “can step into. We’ll need light as well, and not faerie light by any means, real flame for her sake. Be sure it’s at the top please, close to the surface, in a place the women call their own.”
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN – THE CIRCLE

It wasn’t long before the preparations were complete and they had all made their way to the uppermost level, passing through enormous chambers that housed entire villages filled with huts of straw and clay. The women of these dwellings stood outside, watching them with gentle, open expressions. Many stepped forward with pouches and thick bundles of dried herbs. Finn and Ella accepted these offerings gratefully, “We’ll need all the blessings there are, we will,” Finn said ominously. 
They came to a large storeroom with stacks of bulging baskets and woven pouches standing in high columns around the doorway. Finn turned to Oisin, “Give her to me. I will call you soon.”
Oisin transferred the girl to Finn who, remarkably, had no trouble carrying her through the narrow passage and into the low-ceilinged room. A circle of small clay pots, each glowing with a small flame, lay around the outer perimeter of the space. The packed earth floor had recently been swept clean and a distinctive woody smell hung in the air.
“They’ve purified it with burning sage. Lovely.” Finn commented. As they stepped inside, a rustling began behind them. The women of the Ancients were piling baskets in front of the doorway, filling in the smaller spaces with branches and laying thickly woven mats and blankets over these. Quickly the doorway was sealed and the three of them were alone in the quiet room.
Finn placed the girl in the center of the room and took the largest branch from the offerings Ella carried. Dragging the tip of it in the dust, she drew a large circle around them while she gave her instructions, “Follow me, and listen carefully to everything I say. Clear your mind of all thoughts, we will both be the channel. And, above all, under any circumstances, do not leave the circle until we are done.”
Finn began then with the first invocation, calling out “Fíorchaoin Fáilte!” in a thick brogue, and over the next hour they worked their way through the four cardinal directions, summoning the powers and forces of each and offering their words of gratitude to the entities that blessed them. From the east they called to the powers of air, from the south that of fire, the west housed the powers of water and the north that of the Earth, herself. From a pouch at her side Finn had taken a short blade which she held high in the air, tracing patterns and symbols as she spoke. Ella had taken from her own pouch the original Griffin feather and mirrored Finn’s movements. The offerings they had brought and those they had received on their way were placed at each point as Finn instructed.
When all was done, Ella stood inside a witch’s circle for the first time. She looked at the sleeping girl, amazed that she could continue to be so still. Ella’s entire body was crackling with energy and excitement. She reached up to touch her hair, sure it would be standing on end.
“Clear your mind, remain focused,” Finn reminded her. Ella reconnected to the task at hand, letting go of her excitement in order to allow for the mystery she was about to take part in to reveal itself.
Finn stood in the center of the circle, directly over the girl. Her blade was high above her head and she drew herself up, transforming herself from a frail old woman into the commanding presence of a Celtic Priestess. The voice of a giant came from her, “Spirits of evil, wicked beings, unwanted travelers, Begone!” she looked at Ella who echoed, “Begone!” 
Finn continued, her words filling the cavern, “Leave us, leave our space, leave our circle, so that only those who travel in love and benevolence may enter. Go or be cast into the forever darkness! Go or be drowned in the watery abyss! Go or be burned in the flames! Go, or be torn by the whirlwind! By the powers of the Earth and the Goddess, Begone!” Again, Ella echoed, “Begone!”
The room stood still, not a breath of air stirred as their voices drifted away. After a few moments, in the quiet, Finn beckoned to Ella and took her arm. “Help me to the ground, child.” The woman, again old and withered, knelt gingerly at the side of the girl lying in the dust. “Take my hands,” Finn instructed and Ella knelt across from her, their hands clasped over the girl’s body. “I will need you to call me back, I am going to get the girl, but the way is long. You will be my beacon. Do you hear?” Ella nodded. “You may need the Key around your neck to help you. You will know when.” Ella nodded again.
Finn closed her eyes then and let loose of Ella’s hands. Her body immediately slumped on its side and her face went slack. Ella sat frozen, her feet growing numb beneath her and her knees complaining of the hard-packed floor. But her mind stayed alert. She was entirely present as she had never been before, awake and alive, vigilant in her watch over the two beings before her and fiercely protective of both. She kept her thoughts open and unattached, ready for the slightest cue from Finn that her help was needed. Time passed and the features of the room began to dim as Ella’s vision turned further inward. She could hear no sounds from outside the doorway, could feel no movement of the earth beneath her, all was quiet and waiting. She could sense herself as a pinpoint of stillness, an infinite being living in one pure moment as the rest of the world around her spun in activity and life. She was completely frozen in time. Not a moment had passed since Finn had gone into her trance, though, from the fading lantern light, it was quite possible that hours had flown by. Then, as if a switch had been turned, the lanterns around her flared into renewed life. For just a moment, Ella could make out every nuance of Finn’s face. Her calm features had come alive with deep furrows and great strain. Before she could register what had happened, the lanterns extinguished, and the room was thrown into utter darkness.
Ella sprang up, spreading her feet wide beneath her and raising her arms out to her side. From her mouth issued the voice of a woman, a woman that Ella did not know lived inside her, a woman calling her brethren home, “Keva, I call you! Keva, I call you! Here is your home! Here is your home! Keva, return!” Her words echoed against the walls and came back to her, overlapping the syllables and turning her summons into a mocking laughter. Ella pictured the old woman in her mind, pictured her papery skin, her thick grey hair, her delicate hands. She envisioned herself grasping those hands and pulling Finn to her. “I command you, return to this time! This place! Any who stand in her way, Begone! Any who hold her back, Begone!” Her voice was clear and strong, a siren call in the darkness. Ella wondered where it was coming from. She had never spoken in this way. A chill began to curl around her feet. The lights remained out in the cavern and there was no sound from the girl or the woman. Ella listened carefully, waiting for instruction. What if I can’t get her back? The misty coldness began to creep up her legs, reaching the hollows of her knees. She opened her heart further, praying for a cue and ignoring the icy fingers which had now reached her stomach. How quickly could I call Oisin, he’ll know what to do, her thoughts were racing now, thinking of the doorway and how to get through the barrier created there. Don’t leave the circle, Finn’s words rang in her head. She stood in the darkness, with no connection to the outside world, but with the weight of it on her shoulders. It’s up to me, I must do this. The cold crept up towards her throat and, as it did, it hit the Key which still hung from her neck. The metal burned like a brand in deference. Ella ripped the Key from her neck, its heat searing into her palm. She held it high above her, the amber stone at its core sending out a golden light which illuminated the two forms at Ella’s feet. Amazingly, the girl seemed to have shifted position in the darkness and lay curled into a small ball. Finn, too had moved and was cocooned around the girl, her arms pulling her close into her chest. the Key pulsed in Ella’s hand, sending beats of energy down her arm and inflating her lungs with warm air. The energy shifted and then came rushing up through her throat and out of her mouth.

Hear me now!
In the name of the Goddess and Father!
I am the beacon! Return to me!
Hear me now!

Ella had no idea where the words had come from. They felt thick and heavy in her mouth, but she could feel the power within them as it coursed down her arms and through her body. She felt a strength in the saying of them, as if somehow in allowing herself to become a conduit, she had opened a channel in herself to something deeper, something more alive than she had ever experienced before. She was not surprised at all when Finn stirred and began lifting herself off the ground. The old woman shook her head brusquely, then looked up at Ella standing over her, her eyes bright and piercing.
“Ms. Fine, if it would please you to give an old woman a hand." Ella stifled a smile and helped Finn to her feet. The girl began to stir as well, moving slowly, her eyes still closed. “Sit with her for a moment, will you? I must open the circle.”
Ella knelt down beside the girl and took her head into her lap. The girl opened her eyes, blue as the summer sky, and looked up at Ella, “She said you would be here.” The girl paused and then blinked slowly. “I’m glad,” she whispered. Her eyes began to follow Finn around the circle as she called out again to the four directions, bidding each gratitude and love. “She reminds me of my ma," the girl said dreamily. Ella stroked her forehead and murmured gently, “Ssh.” 

When Finn finished, the room was bright as day and the circle had been swept clean. Finn turned to face them, “Any injuries then?" she asked. They both shook their heads and the girl pushed herself up, leaning on Ella for support. 
“Very good. I wasn’t sure that you’d follow me out. But I guess we all knew it would come out alright. Didn’t we?” Finn turned to Ella, the question hanging in the air. 
Ella nodded, a smile at the corners of her mouth.
“Now, you girl, you’ve not properly introduced yourself. Let’s have your name.”
The girl nodded and, in a lovely voice that was just a bit heavy for her, said, “Maia Bird.”
Finn clapped her hands together with delight, “What a lovely name, of the Ancients is it not?”
The girl named Maia nodded, “My ma was of the land, from the old peoples.”
“I thought as much. Before you is Ms. Ella Fine, the one I told you of.”
Maia turned to Ella, “I’m glad you’re here. But, I know you from before, don’t I?”
Ella nodded her head and smiled.
Finn continued, “Now, are you sure all is well, no broken bones or such. I fear you were treated rather roughly for a while before we had you.”
“I’m hungry is all, and really dizzy.”
“To be expected. Ella, call Oisin for us. It’s time for him to meet this young lady.”
Ella began to get to her feet.
“Where are you going, Ms. Fine? I asked you to call Oisin.” Finn clucked her tongue in mock disapproval. Ella understood then and sent her thoughts out past the cavern door to Oisin, who she could see sleeping quietly against the stone wall outside. She spoke gently in his ear, “Wake up,” and smiled as he jumped.
“Ella, is everything okay? Are you okay?” His words came clear as a bell.
“Come and see for yourself,” she replied mischievously. 
She turned to Finn, “He’s coming.”
“It’s that easy for you?” Maia questioned, “Ma tried to teach me to talk to her like that for years.” Her face fell and her brow furrowed. “I never did get it.”
Ella was touched by the sadness in her voice. “Oisin taught me, perhaps he can teach you as well.” Finn caught Ella’s eye and gave an almost imperceptible shake of her head. Ella’s wonderment of this was interrupted by a rustle from the doorway as the barrier of baskets and mats which had sealed the room were put aside by Oisin, who came striding through the door. He smiled widely at Ella, before turning towards Maia. He knelt before her as he had to Ella, and spoke in a solemn voice, “I am Oisin. I am bound to you.”
“I am Maia, and I thank you for rescuing me.”
“You have Ella to thank, I was only her guide.”
Maia nodded, “Finn told me everything. But what do we do now?”
“Truly, you need to rest and recover. We will take you back to my rooms and explain everything there. Next-eve you will be expected to address our Council, and you must have your wits about you.”
“Are you sure they’ll let us wait until then, now that she’s awake?” Ella asked.
“They won’t like to, but it would be best for her. Let us try to keep it secret that she’s woken. The Queen will find out soon enough, but perhaps we can delay it until after day-rise. We’ve only got a wick or so. We could put a dimmer on her.”
“A dimmer? Really? On me?” Maia’s excitement bubbled out of her.
Finn spoke, “Yes dear, and you won’t feel a thing.” Finn caught Ella’s eye and then walked towards the entrance of the cave, Ella following beside. “Dear one, I want you to do the dimmer. You’ve seen two done and it’s one of the simplest spells to do.” Ella began to protest and Finn interrupted her, laying her frail hand on Ella’s shoulder, “The words will come to you, they will not be the same as mine, they will be yours.” Ella nodded, her hand automatically climbing to clutch the Key around her neck. Finn’s voice dropped lower, “Also, Ms. Fine, I would like to remind you to be careful with what you say to the girl. I am sure you know as well as I that she is not the Key. There is no need to dangle her fondest dreams in front of her just to have them snatched away by The Queen, who will know it immediately, who probably already knows it now. Your job is to protect this young girl, to keep her safe, even from those who think they are helping her. Do you understand my words, child?”
Ella nodded, feeling a strange mixture of regret and relief settle in her stomach. Maia was not the Key. Finn was right, Ella somehow knew this the moment the girl woke. So that left her, Ella Fine. It was too much to think about at the present moment, and Ella willed the thoughts to flutter away from her so she could concentrate on the task at hand; putting a dimmer, her first real spell, on Maia.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN - DIMMER

Ella stood over the girl, listening for the words she knew would come if she could just quiet her reeling mind. The air in the cavern became close and still and she could hear Maia’s heart beating, a fluttering sound that told of the girl’s excitement. As she fell deeper into the quietness, she felt her own heart lean into Maia’s rhythm, matching her beat for beat. Quickly, their hearts were in perfect synchronicity and the words came flooding into Ella’s thoughts.
She placed her hands gently on Maia’s forehead and spoke.

Darkness, protect thee
Mist, encircle thee
Quiet, be of thee
Mystery, around thee

Ella waited until the warmth that had crept up through her body exited out of her fingertips and into the girl. She opened her eyes and was pleased to see that Maia had noticeably changed. Light seemed to be lost around her, shadows leaned against her form on all sides. Her outlines had softened, making it difficult to see where her body ended and the space around her began. Ella had a difficult time looking at her for more than a moment. If she tried, her eyes were inexplicably drawn away as if magnetized by something elsewhere in the room.
Ella turned to Finn, “It worked.” Finn, however, was not there.
“She’s gone home,” Oisin said.
“What do you mean? Why?” Ella ran to the doorway and Oisin grasped her arm, stopping her from racing out into the cavern. She turned to Oisin, tears brimming in her eyes, “Wasn’t she helping us?” Anger and disappointment flared in Ella’s voice.
“Her role is complete and she did help us. But it is very dangerous for her here and the doors are closing soon.” Oisin took a step towards her, “And, I’m sure she knew you’d protest.”
“She’s right, I would have. She belongs here with us.”
“It’s true, she does belong with us, but she doesn’t belong here.”
Ella knew his words were truth. “I guess I knew she wouldn’t stay, though I wish she could have.”
“As do I,” Oisin looked at her with moist eyes, then looked at the girl, “You did well. Your spell is strong, better than one of mine by much.”
Maia was still sitting on the floor, in the middle of the now defunct circle. She was busy inspecting herself, holding her arms and legs in front of her and viewing them from all angles.
“Did it work? I can’t tell,” she asked.
“You’ll see that it did,” Oisin said, “But Ella, we should be dimmed as well. Will you do the honors?” 
Now that she had opened the channel, the spell came quickly to her and in a moment both she and Oisin were under its influence. Oisin held out his hand to Maia and pulled her to her feet. Ella took Maia’s other side as they exited the cavern, their charge between them.
As they made their way through the labyrinth to Oisin’s quarters, Ella could feel Maia’s excitement and awe charging through her. She remembered the first time she had walked through these caves, was it truly only three nights ago? It now seemed to be her entire existence. She could hardly imagine what it would be like to sit at the kitchen table with Anna, or read in the library of the G.E.C. Those things were a mistake that she had somehow been trapped in for fourteen years. Her life hadn’t truly begun until that first day when she and Finn had sat under the sun in the bleachers.
She talked into Maia’s ear, narrating their surroundings as they moved through the Ancients and down into the levels of the Folk. It was obvious that the dimmer was working well, they had not attracted any attention and were almost to their rooms. But, as they turned the last corner a shape far ahead in the distance drew all their attention. It was Jackal, moving soundlessly through the halls but throwing its head into every open doorway and each dark corner.
Oisin and Ella froze in place, knowing it was possible that the animal might be tricked by the dimmer, but Maia took one step beyond, scuffing the sandy floor with her heal as she did. It was all Jackal needed and the canine came bounding towards them, its nose in the air as it ran. The three completely blocked the narrow corridor. The animal would run directly into them if they didn’t change position. Oisin sent a thought to Ella and they began creeping apart. Ella attempted to send a command to Maia, “Still. Quiet.” But the message came hurtling back to her without finding its recipient. Ella resorted to hand signals and the girl nodded in understanding, her eyes wide. 
Jackal was nearly on top of them and had slowed to a trot, its nose pressed to the ground. Ella managed to pass it by as it weaved from side to side in the passageway but as it approached Maia’s position its sniffing became audibly stronger. It had clearly found a quarry it liked and it followed the scent directly towards the girl. Miraculously, the girl remained quiet, though Ella could see through the dimmer that she was trembling. Jackal was just a few inches from her when Oisin whistled softly to it. It paused, looking towards the sound and seeming to consider what its source might be. Then, turning its head back towards Maia it filled its nose with her smell, its nostrils curling and its nose wrinkling with the effort. Satisfied, it spun on its haunches and returned the way it had come, running off into the darkness.
Ella reached out her hand to Maia, who clutched on to it as if she’d never let go. Ella led her the final few steps into the safety of the chamber. She collapsed onto the soft rugs and hugged her knees, shaking.
“Why was that here?” The girl whispered, seemingly afraid that it might return.
“Sshh, it was just a Jackal, a sort of spy. It wouldn’t have hurt you,” Ella looked to Oisin for reassurance of that fact and he nodded before adding, “It got a good scent of you, but that doesn’t mean it knows who you are.”
“It does know though, it knows me well. It used to come to my house, before… well, just before. I thought it was a dog because it was gentle, at first.” Maia swallowed hard, and then took a deep breath to steady herself, “It would come before nightfall and sometimes I gave it scraps to eat. Then it started to come earlier and it would walk by me in the fields when I worked. Pa tried to scare it away but it always came back. I… I petted it, and told it stories. Not true things, but things I wished were true… that I was magic like Ma, that I could hear thoughts and send words, like you do,” she looked at Ella, her eyes wide and filled with tears. As the well began to fall down her cheeks she continued, “But, it tricked me. I thought it was hurt one day. It was limping so I followed it. It wouldn’t let me close, and I followed it deep into the fields. I couldn’t get back before dark. I tried, but I couldn’t see. There was no stars, no moon, it was all different than I’d thought it would be. I heard Pa calling for me and I tried to get to him, but the dog was growling at me and its hair was standing up. It wouldn’t let me go to the house. I sat in the rows of corn and tried so hard to be quiet, to listen for Ma, I knew she could find me if I could just be quiet and listen like she told me,” she looked at Ella, her chin trembling and her cheeks wet, “I tried, I really did. But I was so scared, I could hear the howlers coming and I’d never been in such dark, and I couldn’t stop crying. When I heard someone behind me I thought it might be Pa so I looked up, and that… that jackal was looking at them, wagging its tail, so I knew it wasn’t Pa, cause’ it never liked Pa. So I just closed my eyes, I closed ‘em tight, I didn’t want to see. So I guess I didn’t, cause’ that’s the last thing there was until the old lady came and told me it was safe.” The girl’s last words were tight and strained, her voice breaking through the sobs she was strangling in her throat.
Ella reached out to her, stroking her back, “Your ma helped you.”
Maia shook her head in denial, her hair swinging in damp strands around her face, “Helped me? But she couldn’t hear me, she never could.”
“She helped you sleep, so you wouldn’t have to see. She heard you and helped you as best she could.”
Maia looked at her with wide, red eyes, “Heard me? Do you think? But she never did before, we tried but we never could,” Maia wiped the tears from her cheeks, “Do you really think we did it?”
“I know you did,” Oisin said, “It was very powerful magic you were under. Your ma was a strong woman.”
The girl’s tone became defensive, “What do you mean, was? She still is strong. She’ll always be strong. Why’d you say that? Has something happened to her?” Maia’s voice took on a brittle edge, as if it might break at any moment.
Oisin sent a thought to Ella, You must tell her, but gently, we don’t know for sure.
Ella took Maia’s hands and pulled her down to sit. “Maia, we’re your friends and we promise to do everything we can to help you. But,” and here Ella took a deep breath as she thought of her own Mother and Father, “We don’t know what’s happened to your parents.”
The girl’s eyes widened, and she bit her lower lip sharply as she waited for Ella to continue. Ella tried to make her words as gentle as possible, “I was at your house three days ago. But it was gone, there was nothing left.”
Maia looked at Ella blankly for a moment, then closed her eyes and began to sway as if a wind had caught her.
Oisin moved quickly, “Maia! Do not return to sleep! You must not! If you do you might never see your parents again!”
Her eyes blinked open and she shook her head, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to, I know you’re right. It’s so easy though, and I’m still so tired.” She turned to Ella and steadied herself, “Please tell me, just tell me,” her voice became a whisper, “Are they dead?”
“I don’t know. The house was destroyed, that is all I saw.”
“Could you try to reach them somehow, to send them a message, with your thoughts I mean?”
Oisin answered for Ella, “Thoughts can only be sent to someone you have a connection with, that you have shared an experience with or one that you love.”
Ella took Maia’s hand, “Maia, I have learned many things in a short period of time and one of them is that we know very little of what’s really happening out there. Your parents may still be alive and looking for you, and it just a mystery to us now. But that mystery will become clear, perhaps not today, but soon. Oisin and I swear to it.”
Oisin nodded once, solemnly. “And we have other things to attend to as well, such as food and rest. We must all have strength for the work ahead. We’ve had help I see. Even if the Queen has her doubts, it seems the rest of the Folk hold great love for you both.” 
Oisin gestured around the chamber and Ella noticed that food and clothing had appeared while they were busy with their ritual. Oisin lifted a gossamer gown that lay on the sleeping shelf and, smiling at Ella, said, “I wouldn’t suggest you wear this in front of the Queen, she does not take kindly to those who rival her beauty. But perhaps there’s something here that is more flattering than my old hunting breeches.” 
She felt a blush creep up her cheeks as he handed her a bundle of clothing. Within it was a soft white blouse adorned with blue shells and light deerskin leggings that fit her perfectly. A pair of white leather moccasins had been left as well, strong and durable but with delicate stitching that set them off from Oisin’s more masculine pair. When she stepped from behind the dressing screen, Oisin raised his eyebrows appreciatively, “Now you look as if you belong here.” Ella smiled at him, a warmth that had been across her cheeks now spreading through her chest.
“It’s funny,” she said, “I’ve never felt as if I’ve belonged anywhere. I’ve always been out of place, like I needed to be somewhere else but I couldn’t ever find it. It’s different now, though, but I don’t think it’s this place that made it so.” The blush raised again in her face and she turned away from Oisin’s searching gaze, but she couldn’t help but continue her thoughts, It’s you, she said, loud and clear in the space between them. 

“She is not the Key,” the Queen pronounced, her words dripping with accusation. 
The chamber whispered with disappointment, though it was clear that none in the room, Oisin and Ella included, disagreed with what was so obviously true.
“Your work has been in vain,” she spoke directly to Oisin now, “and has clearly been corrupted by dealings with the witches.”
“Your Highness, it with utmost honor and respect that I beg to differ.” He glanced at Maia, who stood now with members of the Ancients. Their clan had taken responsibility for her and it was with some relief that she had gone to them, knowing her mother had a kinship there. She was a brave girl and despite her shame, she held her head high. “The girl may not be the one we have been looking for, but she has been very important in our search. It is undeniable that when we stood before you last, there was a promise in the air that all here felt.” Oisin spread his arms to the chamber and it was filled with murmurs of agreement. “It is in the wakening of this child, who is named for the Earth as Maia, that our friend, Ella Fine, came fully into possession of her own power and now stands ready to take her true role in delivering the people of the Goddess from darkness.”
It was obvious to all that the Queen did not agree, her robes swirled like a tornado and her eyes blazed with anger, “Do you insinuate that you know better than I? I am perfectly aware of a witch’s abilities, but that does not make her the Key, nor does it make it permissible for her to remain in our presence any longer.”
Ella stepped forward, unable to keep her silence and, for the first time, completely unafraid of the Queen’s wrath, “You, yourself, said that I had a role to play and now, because of your own prejudices, you want to throw me out to the Others,” she could feel the strength coursing through her as she challenged the Queen, “If you have the gift of knowing then tell us for once and all, who is the Key?”
The room was silent, waiting for a response. The Queen, meanwhile, was livid. She seemed to have grown to become a giant, her hair and gowns had taken on a life of their own, the air around her crackled and sparked. Her attendants buzzed loudly, attempting to stroke her hair and fan her face, to somehow lessen the magnitude of the eruption that was sure to happen. 
Oisin reached for Ella’s hand, I am beside you, whatever she does, but before the imminent attack could occur, the Dryad stepped forward, his calm and slow manner shifting the energy quickly. “Ella-fine raises some important questions. The Council members acknowledged that there was a sense in our last meeting that the Key was present, dormant but present. Yet, that feeling is no longer alive. We question whether something was lost during the wakening of Maia or if another thing is yet to be born in Ella-fine. We will need to consider this deeply, and privately. Council is adjourned.”
The room remained silent as the Folk filed out. The Queen stood frozen in place, crackling with energy and rage, staring directly at Ella. Oisin took her by the arm, “Come out of the line of fire, quickly. And for once, please don’t return her gaze.”

Back in Oisin’s chambers Ella’s anger continued to live, “I can’t believe she would put her hatred towards me before what is best for the Folk. Just because she thinks I am a witch she has blinded herself to the possibility that I am the Key,” 
“But Ella, you yourself only say the possibility. How can you expect others to be sure, when you are not?” Oisin questioned.
Oisin’s words took root in Ella, weaving into her thoughts and deflating some of her anger. Was she the Key? She had never thought about what that meant in reality. It was obvious that she had an important role to play, she was in the midst of doing so, but being the Key along with whatever that entailed was a completely different level of commitment. If she truly was the Key, she could no longer let events drag her along, she would need to step up and become her true destiny, become the savior that the Folk and the Ancients had been waiting for. She looked to Oisin for the answer, opening her heart, her mind and her soul to his opinion. 
The decision is not mine to make, he returned to her quietly, gently.
Ella answered out loud, “I know. And perhaps I haven’t really thought about it myself. I guess I’ve just gotten used to the idea that because I was here, because you found me, after all we’ve been through, that I must be it. And when Maia came, I wasn’t sure if I was relieved or angry, or both. Then, yesterday, when she was still sleeping, there was such promise. I could feel it, like something was about to happen, I was sure it was her. Did we do something wrong? Did we break her somehow?” Ella could see Maia’s face in her mind, from the first time she met her as a kindred spirit to her standing rigid with the Ancients. It hardly seemed like the same person. Was it possible that one small girl could change so much? 
“No, I don’t believe so. We both heard her story. She never had the gift, Ella, not like you. She told Jackal she did, but it was fancy. He must have been the one who told the Others about her. And it really didn’t fit. The Key is supposed to come of her own accord, and we had to rescue Maia. But I, too, felt the power when she was sleeping. Despite my initial doubts, I was sure your witch’s circle would awaken the Key. But when you called me in, what I saw was a scared little girl, nothing more. I’m not sure what power was enchanting us into believing so strongly that she was the one, but we all felt it.”
Ella let out a deep breath, the immensity of the past few hours coming into focus. She remembered the fear that had taken hold of her when Finn had gone to rescue Maia, and the power that filled her once Ella realized she was their only chance to get back. She felt for the girl, knowing exactly how it felt to be an outcast. To know that you were different but not how or why. If only Finn was here now, perhaps she could explain more clearly what had happened. Somehow everything changed after the circle. Was it because they had taken Maia, instead of her coming on her own? Or perhaps she wasn’t yet the right age? She leaned back against the wall behind her, closing her eyes and replaying the events of the evening in her mind. Then, in a flash, it came to her.
“Oisin, I know what happened!”
“What do you mean?”
“Maia’s waking, it wasn’t the only thing that changed from the last Council to this one. There was something else!”
“What?”
Ella was rushing now in her excitement to make Oisin understand, “Don’t you see, it makes so much sense now. It was Finn. Finn was at Council with us, when we all felt it, she was there. Finn is the only other thing that changed.” Ella leaned in to Oisin, looked him square in the eye and sent the answer to him, an answer that she was completely and utterly sure of and would stand behind with her whole force of being.
It’s Keva. Keva is the Key.
CHAPTER NINETEEN – THE KEY

“But how? It doesn’t fit.” Oisin said, clearly at odds within himself between doubt and excitement.
“What did the seers say about the Key, tell me exactly.”
“That she would be brought into our world by one who knew the old ways, that she would come of her own accord and when she was of the age of becoming. It has to be you, it doesn’t make any sense otherwise.”
“Yes it does, it makes perfect sense. Finn is of the old ways, she was brought into the world by your Mam. And the age of becoming, it doesn’t say of becoming what does it? If anyone is of the age, I would say Finn is, she’s 89, soon to be 90 isn’t that right? Three sets of thirty, a trinity of trinities. And it didn’t say it had to be a girl, did it?”
“But it was interpreted to mean that.”
“That’s just it, Oisin, that’s where the Folk have been wrong all these years. It’s not a girl, I know I’m right. I feel this, like I’ve never felt anything before.”
Oisin was silent, clearly debating the points Ella was making within himself. In a few moments he spoke, “I think you’re right. It is the only thing that makes sense.”
“We have to go to Council, we have to tell them!”
“No, we must not.”
“But, why? They must be told, we have to go get her.”
“No, Ella, we can’t. The Queen would block it with all her will. You are right, her personal hatreds blind her. Eventually we would win out, the rest of the Council would see to it, but it would cost us precious time, and not even a candle’s flame can be wasted. Finn must come tonight.”
“Why tonight?”
“Because it is her briethlá – her birthday.” 

Within minutes Ella and Oisin were preparing to leave. Oisin stepped out to alert the Griffins to the plan while Ella packed a small satchel for their mission. When Oisin returned, she was ready.
“You have your pouch?” Oisin asked.
“Yes, of course. What are you doing?”
Oisin was searching for something underneath a large storage basket in the corner. He returned to Ella, holding out to her one of two short scabbards with the hilt of a knife protruding.
“We may need these.”
She took it from him and pulled it out, looking at the thick, blunt steel. Her mind flashed back when she had thrust a blade much like this one into one of the Others.
“I’m not sure I could use it, and it looks like it wouldn’t do any damage anyway,” she said, fingering the dull edge.
“It will find its mark, don’t worry on that account. I’m hoping we won’t need them, but we may, and we can not fail.”
She tied the scabbard to her waist, the weight of it feeling odd. She didn’t like the idea of carrying a weapon, but Oisin was right, it very well may come down to using it, and use it she would, if the time came.
“Let’s go, it’s almost sunrise,” Oisin said and, without another word, they were up through the caverns and leaving the branagh. 

Out, under the fading stars, a pink blush growing in the eastern sky, Ella tried to shake off the feeling of foreboding that the Honga had passed to her as they breached the earth. The massive being had initially refused their leaving. It wasn’t until Oisin acknowledged to the Honga that death might come of their mission that it shifted enough for the two of them to slide out the portal. Suddenly, the knife at Ella’s side felt even heavier and more awkward. She took Oisin’s hand tightly, “This could be the end then.” It was more a statement than a question.
“The Honga know the workings of the world better than you or I. It would not let us pass until we were fully aware of what might befall us. But it is only one outcome of many possibilities.” He paused a moment. “Ella, do you want to go back? It’s not too late.”
Oisin looked out over the valley as he waited for her response. She moved beside him and took his hand. She took in the view of the city that had been her home for so many years – the city where her parents, her first family, still lived and were right now sleeping. It had been a home to her, but she had never felt at home in it.
“Absolutely not. If something were to happen, if I didn’t…make it, it would be… well… it would somehow be alright. From that first night, when you told me that the Key would sacrifice everything she had. At that point, I didn’t think I had much to sacrifice, and it scared me still. Now that I have everything to lose, I know that I have lived, at least for a little while. I have become something beyond my measure. I have so much more at risk, and I am sorrowful that it might be lost, but I am also filled. I am content.”
Her speech had a profound effect on Oisin and, as she watched, a tear rolled down his cheek. He turned to face her and then, before she knew what was happening, he had her in his arms and kissed her, questioningly at first, then with urgency and force. Ella’s heart blossomed there on the top of the hill, as the two who had each been lost and alone, came together as one. Finally, it was the glare of the sun, a pinpoint of orange light beaming over the mountaintop that broke them apart. Oisin spoke first, as he smoothed Ella’s hair back from her face.
“I promised I would never leave you. This is a promise I carry, even to my own death if that is how we must travel on together.” He placed two fingers over her lips as she began to protest. “We are destined to be together. However that destiny comes upon us.” He leaned in and kissed her again, slowly this time, and with a great tenderness. She felt him draw away from her and willed him not to, her eyes still shut against the world, wanting this moment to last.
“Ella,” he whispered softly, and she opened her eyes to look at him, her lids heavy and slow. He smiled at her, tilting his head questioningly, “Are you alright?” but the words he sent to her soundlessly were more revealing, “Is this alright?”
She answered him from her heart, “It is more than alright, it is perfect.”
He laughed at her then, with what could only be construed as impish delight. Hand in hand, they began traveling down the hillside, “Your idea of perfect is quite strange. Here we are, clearly walking into the face of danger, possibly sacrificing ourselves for the well-being of a tyrannical queen. And you say it’s perfect.”
She joined his laughter, “She’s not so terrible, once you get to know her.”

The sun was at its midpoint in the sky as Oisin and Ella peered out of the shadows at Finn’s house. They had been crouched between a wall overgrown with clinging ivy and a long unused well house for over an hour, while Henri puttered in the front yard.
“She's waiting for us in the cottage.” Oisin spoke quietly.
“She knew we were coming then.”
“Yes, it appears so. She is coming of her own accord.” 
“As the prophecy said.”
“Yes,” he repeated, “as the prophecy said.”
They were quiet for a moment then, staring intently across the road.
“What do you see?” Oisin asked, his eyes still unaccustomed to the sunlight.
“Henri is definitely in the house, he's sitting now, his back is to the window there in the front, on the right,” Ella pointed, “Do you see him?”
Oisin shook his head and wiped at his watery eyes, “The light is overwhelming. I can't see much of anything to be honest. We can't let him spot us. We're old rivals, he and I. If Henri saw me as I am, just as old as we were so many years ago, there is no telling what he might do.”
“If we can get through the gate without his turning around, then we'll be able to move along the side of the house, under the windows. As long as he stays put, he won't see us.”
“You'll have to lead me.”
They left the shadows and hurried over the sidewalk and into the street, running low to the ground but with Ella's eyes pinned to the back of Henri's head. They were almost across the street when a horn blared at them from their right. In focusing on the house before them, Ella had not even considered the road itself and a car swerved to avoid them, the driver sounding his horn twice more to voice his malice. She yanked Oisin to the sidewalk and they scurried beside the white picket fence surrounding Finn's yard, Ella hoping that the rosebushes on the other side would conceal them if Henri turned his head.
They waited there, Ella's breath coming fast as she watched the car disappear up the road and over the top of the hill.
“Did he see us?” Oisin whispered.
Ella turned to look at the house. “I don't know, he’s not in the window anymore though. I don’t know where he went.”
“Well, we can't stay here, another car is coming.”
Ella looked towards the road. Through the heat radiating off the asphalt road, she could make out another vehicle at the top of the hill coming towards them. The rumbling of its engine could be heard from where they hid and the sun glinted off its chrome decorations and spotless black exterior.
“Oh no,” she whispered, her heart pounding in her chest.
“What is it?”
Ella sent him the image of the first time she had seen the same car, outside her family's home, and that horrific hand reaching out to point directly to her.
“Come, we have got to chance it,” Oisin stood up, crouching low and beginning to move through the gate. 
“I'll go first, hold on.” Ella moved in front of him and, after a quick glance up the road, sprinted through the gate and onto the lawn, avoiding the gravel pathway and heading towards the house. They ran under the windows along the side of the building until they came to the back porch. Ella chanced a look around the corner at the kitchen door.
The door is open, I don't hear anything though.
Oisin answered instantly. Either do I, we must move, they're close.
Ella, too, could hear the distinct rumble of the gasoline engine and fear gripped her insides. Praying that Henri was in another part of the house, they dashed the final few steps through the garden towards the cottage. The sun was their enemy though, and in the bright light Oisin stumbled and caught himself on the heavy ironwork chair that Ella had sat in for tea not so long before, sending it crashing onto the stone patio.
She pulled him up, but not before they could hear the screech of the screen door opening and Henri's voice, its tone thick with insult, “Look what we have here. Two lost little lambs.”
Oisin sent his thoughts to Ella, We have to talk our way out of this, leave it to me, and don't say anything about Keva.
They turned to face Henri who stood on the porch, his straw boater cocked on his head, and glared down at them.
“I've come for my mother's things.” Oisin said, meeting his gaze.
“They are not yours to take, boy, if that's what you really are.” Henri countered.
“What use have you for them? They've never been of interest to you.” 
“I have been the sworn protector of Ms. Lightly for forty years now, and her mother’s belongings are very dear to her. I'll not have two thieves come in broad daylight and take them from under her nose.”
“Ask her then,” Oisin demanded, “Give her leave to grant her permission.” 
Ella held her breath, worried that Henri would go to the cottage for Finn and considering how they could they be rid of him if he did.
“Ms. Lightly is asleep and I won't wake her.”
Ella smiled inwardly, reveling at the trick that Finn must have played on Henri. 
“Besides,” Henri continued, “you’re no longer a concern of mine,” and he looked over their shoulders to the road, where Ella could hear the idling rumble of a gasoline engine, and a car door opening and shutting. She tensed, sending We have to go! to Oisin. But Oisin held her tightly by the hand and remained firmly planted where he stood. There's nowhere to go, Ella, and we can’t lead them to Keva. He was right, the rosebushes prevented their escape. The only place to hide would be the cottage and the only exit was through the garden gate where, even now, she could hear heavy footsteps in the gravel path.
Ella, it is time to face him.
I can’t. She answered, picturing what she now knew was at the end of that gnarled finger.
Ella, turn and look. It's okay.
Ella could hardly move, she was frozen in place, but she forced her feet to shift and allow her body to turn. She backed up against Oisin so she could feel his warmth and strength behind her as he put his hands on her shoulders. When she looked up a mixture of relief and disgust rose bitter in her throat. It was not the demon Bodach, but an entirely different sort of enemy who now stood close enough to touch her. It was Father.
CHAPTER TWENTY–SACRIFICE

“Ella,” Father's voice rang deep and resonant, demanding respect, even now, “you are coming with me. Mother has been sick with worry. It is time to come home.”
Ella was seething inside, her jaw clenched with the words she must prevent from slipping out. Oisin, I won't go. We must get away.
Ella, your father got out of the back of the car. There is someone, or something, else driving it. We have to get that car away from here, away from my sister. I will stay with you.
He'll never let you.
We are together, forever. Are we not? I will not leave you.
Ella looked at Father, looked him full in the face and for a brief moment saw something new in his eyes, a hint of desperation perhaps, of pleading. She opened her mind to his for the first time, listening deeply, imagining herself behind those eyes, thinking what he was thinking. Her head flooded with a torrent of fear, it was like waves crashing on a dam, a dam that had deep cracks running through the surface. In the center was Father, with every cell in his body trying to hold the structure together so the floodwaters wouldn't overtake him. Father was afraid, deeply afraid.
“I will, but only if Oisin comes too.”
“Fine, perhaps the young man can shed some light on your recent whereabouts, and this ridiculous costume you are wearing.”
With an acknowledging nod to Henri, Father took Ella's arm in a firm grip and began pulling her to the waiting vehicle, Oisin firm in her other hand. The windows were fully tinted and it wasn't until Father opened the back door that Ella could look into the dark interior of the vehicle. She peered inside, waiting a moment for her eyes to adjust from the sunlight, knowing that if one of the Others sat in the front seat, she would not be able to stop herself from running.
It's okay, I'm with you.
Thankfully, a thick curtain had been drawn, separating the front from the passenger section of the car. Taking a deep breath, Ella dropped her head and stepped into the car. The air was cool and moist, with an acrid odor that forced her to breathe shallowly. Father let go of her arm and slid in beside her, but as Oisin stepped into the car a rasping voice spoke from the front seat, “Not him.”
Father froze beside her and again she felt the wave of terror that stirred in his soul. “Son,” Father said to Oisin, “We shall have to hear your story another time.”
“No!” Ella shouted, and began to climb over Father to Oisin. Father pushed her back against the seat with one arm, and she scrambled to open the other door. As she did, a mechanism clicked and the door locked against her. “Let me out! You gave your word!” She tried again to get past Father. On the sidewalk Oisin stepped back from the street, Ella, I will follow! Do not keep them here any longer! I am with you, I promise!
Henri stepped forward then and slammed the door, sending the interior into near darkness as they pulled into the road.

Oisin, are you there? Ella sent her thoughts out of the dark car into the surrounding streets.
Yes – I'm right behind you, but you'll have to keep talking to me, I still can not see very well and I need to watch my feet. I don't want to lose you.
Ella scanned the streets and bushes that raced by the window, trying to catch a glimpse of him. I don't know what's going to happen. What about Keva? How will she get to the Branagh?
Keva will be fine, she will do what needs to be done, and while the Others are focused on us they will hopefully leave her alone.
Father interrupted their conversation, “Now Ella, I warn you that Mother has become quite ill, she'll be in bed when we arrive.”
“Mother's sick? How?”
“She's doesn’t sit well with worry, you know that. And this whole ordeal has been very trying for her. Anna and Fredric have been called away so I’ve been caring for her. You must be gentle with her, do not stress her further.”
“What do you mean? Where’s Anna?” 
“They’ve both gone to stay with relatives, our family needed time together. Together and alone.”
Ella – I need to hear you. Oisin called out from somewhere behind them.
I'm here. Mother's sick. I've made her sick somehow.
Father continued, “Ella, wherever you have been and whatever you have been doing is behind you now. You are home. Home for good and all Mother needs to know is that you were with a friend, that you were upset with me and stayed with a friend to punish me. We do not need to mention that this friend is a young man. If you can do this for your Mother, no punishment will be forthcoming. Are we clear?”
Oisin, I can't believe this, he’s acting like he doesn't know anything.
It is possible, Ella, that he doesn't. Or at least that he doesn't know as much as you think he does. He, too, may be a victim in all this.
We're here, we're at my house. Are you close?
I'm very close. I'll be under your window, in the tall camellias.
How do you know which one is my window?
I've known your window for a very long time, Ella. Quiet now, listen to your father. See which side he is really on. Do it for all of us, but mostly for yourself, do you understand?
“I’m asking you, Ella. Are we clear?”
Ella swallowed hard, her eyes burning with anger, and answered them both. “Yes, I understand.”

The house was a mausoleum, deadly still and shrouded in waiting. The shutters had been left down, despite the sun shining high overhead, and the interior felt like a prison. Every step she took was like an intrusion into someone else’s life. She didn’t belong here, she never had, and every board, every piece of furniture, every knick-knack repelled her. It seemed like years since she’d walked through these rooms, yet absolutely nothing had changed. The still air suffocated her and the beginnings of nausea fluttered in her stomach. The only thing that kept her moving was the sense that the Key that still hung from her chest had come to life in the darkness. She could feel its power and, with it, her own.
Marcus and Hayden were sitting on the low couch in the front room and looked just as frightened as she. Marcus saw her, his eyes lighting up as he half stood before being pulled back down by Hayden, who glared at his disciple despite the obvious fear in his face. “Hello Marcus,” Ella smiled at him, “Hello Hayden,” she added, realizing she was pleased to see him as well.
“Where have you been?” Marcus whispered, after giving a quick glance to the closed door of Father’s study.
Father answered for her, “She’s been with a friend, but she is back now. Back for good.”
Marcus’s face fell with Father’s sharp tone, but before his eyes dropped Ella smiled and sent him a thought, I’ll tell you the real story, sometime soon, I promise. Marcus jerked upright and looked at her quizzically, his mouth falling open in disbelief. Hayden narrowed his eyes at his brother and looked at Ella strangely.
Oisin’s voice came to her then, Ella, be careful, please. This is not a time for games.
I know. I’m not playing games. It’s just Marcus, he’s okay. And I will tell him someday, I hope.
”Mother is in the parlor, it’s a shame we don’t have time to make you presentable first.” Father said, his hand still manacled to her upper arm as he directed her past the boys.
As she opened the double doors a wave of cool air tumbled out. In the faint lamplight Mother was barely visible. She lay still, seemingly not even breathing on a large bed that had been pushed against the far wall. Father closed the door, leaving Ella and Mother alone. The walls of the room pressed in around her and Ella’s breath grew tight and small in her chest. The room felt like a tomb with Mother buried deep within it.  
Are you alright? Ella, what’s wrong? Oisin’s message found its way into the fog that had clouded her mind.
I’m fine. I’m with Mother, but… she’s sick. She’s very sick. Oisin, stay with me. I need to know you are here.
I’m here. Open your mind to me completely and I will hear every word, every thought.  I am listening.
Ella was too frightened to approach the bed, envisioning that Mother lay there dead, or dying. It would be too much. Instead, she reached out to Mother with her mind, trying to discern if she was actually there at all. In response, the bed coverings rustled and Mother opened her eyes. She said nothing for a moment, just gazed at Ella, unblinking and calm. Slowly, she turned the palm of her hand upwards on the coverlet and beckoned to Ella. One of the heavy parlor chairs had been pulled to the side of the bed and Ella sat there now, placing her hand in Mother’s open palm, her skin soft and damp. Her voice whispered, “You are home.”
“Yes, Mother, I am home. For now.” Ella could not bring herself to lie, not to Mother who truly was an innocent in all of this. There was no reason to be untruthful to her.
Mother closed her eyes for a moment, nodding her head. She opened her eyes again and watched as a tear fell from Ella’s eye.
“Don’t cry, my darling. None of this is your fault.” Her eyes closed again and Ella thought she may have fallen asleep, but then she spoke again. “I am glad to see you, and you look so beautiful. So strong, so full of spirit. Perhaps you’ve gotten the spirit I never had, I do hope so.”
“Mother, I’m sorry. I don’t know what to do for you.” Her tears were flowing freely now. 
“No, no, Ella. There is nothing to be done. I’m glad for it. The rest is welcome. It was my wish to see you, and now I have. You have returned to me once again. Each time I think I have lost you, you come back.”
“Mother, what do you mean? You’ve never lost me.”
“Father worries more than I. You are his only girl.” Mother’s grip tightened and she opened her eyes, looking at Ella squarely, “He will do anything for you, if you ask him, do you know that?”
“Yes, Mother, but I still don’t understand. What are you saying?”
“It had been so long though, since the last time. He thought it was over. He may have gone too far.”
“So long since what? I don’t understand, please tell me what you mean.”
Mother let out a long sigh and closed her eyes again. Ella prayed that she wouldn’t fall asleep, she had a sense that time was slipping away from her and there was something vitally important here, something that would sew all the pieces of her world together. Finally, Mother opened her eyes. She reached up and stroked Ella’s cheek with the back of her hand. She spoke slowly, thoughtfully, the words floating in the air of the room. “My daughter. You saved my life you know. Death was surely coming for me, as you were being born. It was the middle of the night, and you were early, so early that we hadn’t moved the midwife into the house yet. Father had to birth you. There was blood, too much blood and no midwife, no way to stop it. I remember feeling myself drifting away, giving you what strength I had as you came into the world. With my last breath I told him to save you and then I left, I remember clearly, I traveled away. It was a strange thing. I saw myself lying there, surrounded by my blood, our blood, and I drifted away. I drifted out of the house and I saw the moon. It was huge, a giant pearl, it was beautiful, but still second to the daughter who had just been given to me and that I was now leaving. So I looked for you one last time, I needed to see you. And there you were, with Father, the bravest of men. He had taken you outside, into the night. He held you high and you gazed into the darkness. I heard him shout. He warned them, he told them that my death would be avenged, that they had killed me, and that they would die for it. I was sure he had lost his mind. It was insanity to threaten vengeance on the NightKind, they could tear him limb from limb. I turned away, I couldn’t bear to watch. 
“Then I felt them. They were all around me, pushing me down, shoving back into the house, towards my bed, my body. Their weight was terrible, but wondrous. I’d never experienced anything like it, and haven’t since. And I knew in that moment that I would survive, that I would live to see you grow. So I took the chance and returned. And when Father put you beside me, I felt warmth return to my body, I felt life return. It was you, my darling daughter, who brought me back. And it was Father who had brought you to me.
“He named you Ella, did you know that? I looked up its meaning once. The old Germans used it to mean “all” or “complete” – which is how I felt with you. But they also used it to mean “other”, which made me wish he had chosen something else.
Mother took a deep breath then, the story was taking all her strength. Ella squeezed her hand, willing her to go on and, after a moment, she did.
“Although you had saved me, Ella, you were never truly mine. I had tried to care for you myself, you were so precious to me. But then you disappeared. You crawled right out the door when I thought you were asleep. You were gone for three days. We were in a panic about it. Father even stayed outside, in the darkness, looking for you. Those nights were torture, sitting by the shutters, listening for any sound that he’d found you, praying that I hadn’t lost you both. The morning the shutters were pulled up and I saw him striding across the lawn with you on his hip, my heart beat so fast I was sure it would burst right out of my chest. But when you were gone, it was as if I had died all over again. I couldn’t bear the thought of it happening again so Anna was put in charge of you. It was her full time work, just to keep you in sight. And then Marcus was born, without incident thankfully, and you seemed to settle. You would sit with Marcus for hours, playing with his little feet, his fingers. You taught him how to laugh, how to crawl. He walked his first baby steps to you.
“And then, one afternoon, you led him out of the front gate at dusk. Father came home just as you and he were disappearing around the corner. I’m ashamed to say that you were punished severely, too severely perhaps. In an attempt to break your spirit I think we broke your heart instead. And Father insisted that Hayden take responsibility for Marcus. I think this is why you turned away from us, away from all of us.”
Mother paused, closing her eyes and breathing deeply. Ella squeezed her hand.
“Do you remember any of it, Ella?” Mother looked at Ella, concern crinkling the corners of her face.
“No. I wish I did though.”
“There was something else,” Mother said and reached towards the nightstand beside the bed, “Ella, help me please. In the drawer, at the back, there’s a box.”
Hidden deep in the drawer, she found it. A small jewelry box covered in purple velvet. The corners were worn smooth and there was a fine layer of dust muting the rich color. She handed it Mother, who glanced at the door before taking it.
“You brought this home with you, that first time. Father had to pry it out of your little hand, and you cried and cried,” Mother held between her thumb and forefinger a small, smooth, perfectly shaped heart made of wood.
“I had this?”
“Yes. I’ve kept it, though Bradley… Father didn’t want me to. It was so lovely, and at least I knew you had been somewhere beautiful when you came back with it. It’s yours though, you should keep it. Think of me when you hold it, will you?”
Oisin, it’s the same as Finn’s. 
Yes, I see. There is something to this, something we need to explore. But later.
Ella took the heart into her hands, clasping mother’s gentle fingers as she did. “Thank you. For saving this for me. But, Mother, where did I go? When I left.”
“I never knew. Father wouldn’t tell me where he’d found you and, to be honest, I didn’t want to know. And after the time with Marcus, I thought that was the end of it. It truly seemed to be. But now, here we are.” Mother paused, seeming to collect herself to ask the question that had been weighing heavy the entire time, “Ella, this time, can you tell me where you’ve been?”
Father’s warning shouted in Ella’s mind. Perhaps it was best if Mother thought this was just a childish prank, the retribution of a teenager upset with her overbearing Father. She had already been through so much anguish.
Ella, you must not lie to her. She is good, she loves you. She deserves your honesty.
But, how can I tell her the truth? She’ll never believe it, and what would be the point?
You’ll be leaving her soon, possibly for the last time. If you don’t tell her, she will never know. Is that fair to her?
The various layers of truth drifted through Ella’s thoughts. From the realities of Angel City, to the Folk, to Oisin and now to the day at hand, which was quickly drifting away from them. How could she possibly weave them into any kind of tangible fabric that Mother could rest under?
You must try.
“Ella, are you alright?”
Ella jerked out of her thoughts to see Mother staring at her, her brow furrowed in worry.
“Yes, I’m sorry. I was just trying to think of how to tell you. It’s not very easy to explain.”
“Sweetheart, I know. Just tell me what you can. Tell me from your heart.”
Ella took a deep breath and squeezed Mother’s hand again. “I love you Mother. First and foremost, I hope that you know that.” Mother nodded and smiled. “But, I don’t belong here. I suppose I never have. It didn’t seem right, it didn’t seem natural. I always felt like I was trying to fit in, expected to be something that I wasn’t. It wasn’t you or Father, it was everything and everybody. This isn’t my place and I could never find my way. 
“There is a place though, a place where I am who I am, truly. Maybe the people there are the same that I went to visit when I was little, I can’t be sure, but it feels right to say so. It’s in the night, Mother. But, it won’t be for long, I promise you. Soon the night and day won’t be at war with each other, soon there will be no reason to be afraid. These shutters, these blinders, they can all come down. I promise you. And I have something important to do so it can happen,” Ella squeezed her hand again, “Although, I don’t know if I can leave, now that I know what I’ve done to you. I’m sorry, Mother, I truly am. I never wished to hurt you.”
Mother rose up in bed, pushing herself upright and struggling against the heavy blankets that trapped her. She leaned forward, taking Ella’s face in her moist hands, and locked her gaze onto her only daughter. The words leapt out of her, “Listen to me, I will not be your excuse. I did not tell you what I did so you could shrink away from life. I have lain in this bed before, and I may lay here until it becomes my deathbed. But I am not a fool and I know that you do not belong here. I have tried to make you fit, tried to change you, and all that has done is break both of our hearts.”
The door opened then, flooding the room in sunlight. Mother shrank away from the glare to sink down into the bed. Ella blinked back tears along with the brightness, and squinted towards the light where Father’s form filled the doorway, quickly slipping the wood heart into the pouch at her belt. 
“Ella, you are not upsetting Mother I trust.” 
Mother answered for her, “No, no, Bradley. All is well. Give us just a moment more and then I will rest.”
Ella was glad that she couldn’t make out her father’s features as he closed the door and returned the room to the protection of darkness.
Mother’s voice had gotten weak again and Ella had to lean into the pillows to hear her, “Sweet daughter, I love you too much to hold you back. You do what is right. If ever you can return to me, I would like that very much. But if the world does not allow it, I will survive. Be safe now, dearest darling.”
With those last words Mother had fallen into sound sleep. Ella sat by her side, holding her hand. How had it been that this woman had kept so many secrets for so long? She couldn’t think of a time when they had spoken at such length, or depth.
The world is a mysterious place, Ella. We are all finding our way through it.
Yes, it seems so. I will miss her though. I never thought about it before, but I will.
Ella leaned over and kissed her mother softly on the forehead. As she pulled away, she smiled to notice a faint glimmer of luminescence where her kiss had landed. A protection, from daughter to mother.
Oisin, we need to get away from here and find Keva. I can’t get out any of these windows though, the shutters are down. But I’ll find a way, somehow.
Not to worry, the time will come. The Goddess will provide, I am sure of it.

Ella took one farewell glance at Mother, who had all but disappeared into the pillows, and then stood and crossed to the door. Stepping into the front room she took stock of her opportunities for escape. The boys were nowhere to be seen. Father, of course, was standing sentry and waiting for her. She would have to get away from him somehow. Seeming to anticipate her thoughts, Father clenched her upper arm firmly in his hand. He wasn’t taking any chances and now that Ella had opened a channel between the two of them she could feel bolts of dread coming off of him, like sparks from a flint.
“What is it Father? What’s wrong?” Ella asked quietly.
“Someone is waiting for us,” was his terse reply as he positioned her before the doors to his study. They stood outside the door, as if waiting to be summoned. A slow revulsion built in her. There was only one thing that could dominate Father in this way. She took a step back reflexively, but Father’s grip was tight. He whispered into her ear, “Be still. They only want to see you.”
Oisin! They’re here! In the house!
I know Ella – they’ve been there all along. Try to stay calm and aware. You have Keva’s key, yes?
Of course, it’s around my neck.
Good, you may need it.
The door swung open as she broke out in a cold sweat.
Father repeated himself and Ella wondered if it was for her benefit or his own, “They only want to see you.”
She touched Father with her mind, and found sincerity in his words, sincerity tinged with his own fear and revulsion. He held no malice for her and so she allowed him to lead her into the room.

It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the light. The heavy curtains were drawn but not a single lamp had been lit. Ella reached out with her mind and came up against a mire of perversity, images of her and Father lain torn and broken on the floor, of their dying breaths. She closed down the channel quickly, revolted at what she had seen. Father may think they were safe, but she knew otherwise.
A subtle creak from Father’s heavy leather chair drew her attention to whatever sat there. The chair spun to face her, revealing her true captor. 
“Hello Ella.” Bodach sat behind the desk, just as revolting as he had been in the cavern of fire, his purple tongue flicking in and out of his mouth as his yellow eyes greedily took her in. The sound of his voice drew bile up in her throat and she tensed, her hand darting to the dagger at her belt. 
“Little girls shouldn’t play with knives,” the creature noted, “I’m sure your Father sees the importance of keeping you safe and will take that from you.” He smiled before adding, “For safekeeping.” Father felt down her side with his free hand, gasping in surprise when he found the dagger. He slipped it out of the sheath, laying it on the desk where Bodach took it, holding it up in the darkness and inspecting the edge. “This doesn’t appear to be the one you used when we last met.” 
Father looked at him alarmed. “What do you….,” he began to ask but was cut off by the rasping voice of the Other.
“And where are your friends, I wonder?” One by one the creature tapped his nails on the surface of Father’s desk, each click in time with Ella’s heartbeat. “The faerie-boy is hereabout, I’m sure. Though there’s no need to worry of him,” he said with a dismissive wave of his bony fingers. “And the young girl, a waste of time. Only good for bait. No more power in her than in that thick-headed man you call Father.” His tone had become mocking now and Father stiffened with a small vestige of pride. “The question is – did you bring anyone else with you?”
Ella stared at him now, refusing to be cowed.
Good Ella, be strong. He does not have the power to see in your thoughts, remember that.
“Not in the answering mood, then?” Bodach looked past Ella into the corner nearest the door, “Gentlemen, would one of you be so kind as to check on her dear, sweet Mother.” 
Ella and Father turned to see a reptilian creature appear from the shadows and go out the door. Two others appeared and crouched before the door as guards.
Father let go of Ella and took a step towards the desk, his fists clenched in anger, “You leave her alone, she has no part in this! We had a deal, anyone except my family – this is unacceptable!”
Bodach clucked behind his jagged teeth, “A deal? Have you never been warned about deals with the devil?” He laughed, “It’s all up to this one here. She can tell us a few things, and if she does then the sickly woman might survive another night. The power, as they say, is in her hands.”
The door opened and the creature returned. He crossed the room and clambered up onto the desk, hissing briefly into the old man’s ear before leaping down and taking a post beside the chair. Bodach changed his demeanor, his eyes flashed yellow and his words came out between gritted teeth, “You kissed her, did you?” He growled low in his throat, “Why’d you do that, girl? It’s only made me angry and it will soon wear off,” He turned to his minion, “Get one of the boys, the young one – bring him in.”
The creature threw his head back and hissed wildly, the effort of language seeming to pain him considerably.
Venom seeped into Bodach’s words, “Gone? Now Mister Fine, you seem to have broken a promise as well. Those boys were to stay here, safe with you.” He hissed between his teeth in discontent, then shook his head slowly. Raising one haggard eyebrow he spoke slowly out of the corner of his mouth, “So be it, we have no choice. The Father it is. We’re done with him anyway.”
He gave a subtle nod and two of the creatures leaped onto Father, wrestling him to the ground. Ella grasped at him, but was outmatched as the beasts wrenched him to the ground. Father struggled, thrashing wildly, but had neither the cunning nor the strength to resist for long. Within moments they had him subdued, his legs and arms pinned. The larger of the two had a handful of Father’s hair in his grip, holding his head upright to face Ella.
Ella reached for him with her mind, Father, don’t fight, I won’t let them hurt you. 
Ella, it was Oisin, he can’t hear you. Don’t do anything stupid.
“Now, dear, you can see we mean business. My friends are very anxious for their next meal, and I don’t know if I can hold them off. But I will try, by my word, if you give me a reason to.”
Ella’s eyes darted between Father and Bodach. “What do you want?”
“Let’s begin with my first question, is there anyone else with you?”
Ella shook her head, unable to keep her eyes from Father, who had stopped struggling and now lay helpless at her feet.
“Good. Now, we have plans for you, plans that require that you be, shall we say, intact. So there’s no need to worry about the teeth of my friends on your pretty throat. But we need something from you first, a small favor.” Ella forced herself to look away from Father and at Bodach as he continued, “There is an entrance to the Branagh, one that is unguarded, on the ocean side of the mountain. Once we dispose of you, we’d like to pay a visit. Tell us where it is.”
 “I don’t know how to get there. It was dark.”
“Silly child, there’s no reason to lie to me. Do you see, your Father’s life is in your hands. And I’m sure you are aware at this point that if you don’t we’ll kill every pathetic human in this house.” Bodach erupted into a vale of laughter, leaning back in his chair, but his eyes remained level on Ella, hate seeping out of the yellow orbs. She glanced again at Father who stared back at her with a strange distant gaze.
“Let us give her a taste of what will happen if she doesn’t find it in her heart to help us, shall we?” Bodach snapped a finger and two more reptiles stepped out of the shadows, hissing ominously as they crept toward Ella. Her eye darted to the dagger which lay out of reach on the desk. 
Ella, it isn’t what you need right now. 
Oisin was right, she knew the dagger couldn’t help her against Bodach, and with that realization the key erupted into a burning brand on her chest and she reached for it. “Solas an Lae!” she cried as she yanked it over her head and held it out in front of her. The key sprang to life, sending a blinding glow into every corner of the room. The reptiles hissed and snarled, backing away, trying to find shadows where there were none. 
Run, Ella! Now! Go!
The Others had disappeared into the corners of the room, shrinking from the light, though Bodach seemed to have more fortitude and began slinking towards her, taking care to stay out of the key’s direct glare. Father had been forgotten by his captors and she ran to his side and took him by the arm, helping him to his feet, but he lay limp on the floor. She reached for his mind, Father, get up!, but there was nothing there. Trying to lift him, she reached around his body. Sticky warmth covered her hands and a low groan escaped her throat as she realized that he was already dead. The monsters had done the deed quickly, in his back, his life seeping out of him even as she watched.
I’m right outside the door, now run!
Ella remembered Mother’s words, which had seemed so remote at the time, “Father will do anything for you.”
“I’m so sorry it came to this,” she murmured as she let his body drop back down on the soaked carpet. She was on her feet darting for the door, when she felt cold, hard fingers digging into her legs. She fell forward, her hands still reaching towards escape, but landing heavily on her chest, her head hitting the oak door. the key was in front of her, still twined in her fingers, its glow filling her vision. Bodach was right beside her, the smell of him enveloping her. He reached out and stroked her head as she lay there, his fingers twining into her hair. As a mist began to cover her eyes he gave his instructions, “Take care with her, she has work yet to do.” 
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE – STONY POINT

The noises of nighttime forced Ella to struggle awake, the world fading in and out around her. For a moment she thought she might be back in her bed, locked inside the confines of her previous life. But the pounding of her head and the sharp pain that wracked through her shoulders quickly dispelled the dream. Her arms were wrenched above her and she could feel the bite of heavy shackles cutting into her wrists. Opening her eyes, she discovered that she was bound to the highest peak of Stony Point, the pinnacle of the valley in which she had been born and lived. Around her, jagged rocks thrust into the deep blue night, like the teeth of the mountain itself. From the small ledge she was perched on she overlooked a frenzy of demons and creatures in the canyon below her. They were no longer bothering to lurk in the shadows, but were out full faced under Mother Moon, howling and screeching, scrapping among themselves and jostling to get as close as they dared to an enormous fire that served as the focus for their celebration and lit up the mountains around them. Monstrous winged creatures fluttered up and around the small canyon, swooping in circles over the gathering like birds of prey before the kill. Others, further away from the fire, against the rock faces, were covered in thick, shaggy fur, matted and ripe with the stink of various kills, with awesome tusks that scarred the ground as they paced back and forth. Even further back, she could just make out the silhouettes of other beings, some almost human formed, waiting in the shadows. The smell was intolerable, and Ella fought to keep her stomach still. She found her legs underneath her, and stood slowly, the pain in her shoulders causing her to whimper involuntarily. Fear coursed through her as she took in the scene around her, all of the nightmares from her youth come to life in one moment. And she was shackled here, to look over them, but why?
They think you are the Key, remember?
Oisin! Where are you? She scanned the dark cliff-faces, trying to see past the glare of the flames to where he might be watching her.
I’m behind you, half way down the mountain, they would catch my scent if I came closer. But I am here, and we will get you free.
We? Is Keva with you?
No, I have not found Keva. It is only you that I am concerned with now. The Griffins are with me, though farther away, and your Banshee. A few others as well.
Oisin, I think Bodach has my key, I fell with it and he was there. 
It is alright. He left it behind at the house. I think he couldn’t touch it. It kept glowing even after you fell. I’ve got it now.
How do I get out of here? They’ve got me chained to the rock. One of the Griffins will have to come get me, then we’ve got to find Keva.
The Griffins can’t rescue you. The chains are iron, the Others know that the Folk can not touch it. And, if the Griffins tried to reach you there, with so many Others in the air, they’d be torn limb from limb.
Ella looked up into the sky, he was right. Above her was a virtual tornado of flying creatures, from huge dragons with leathery wings to the smallest snarling bats, snapping at each other as they circled in the night sky.
They won’t release me. I know they won’t, they mean to kill me. 
Yes I know that too, Ella. But there’s a ritual that they must perform to destroy the Key, and the Key must be whole and untouched. They won’t do anything to you before the ritual. Now tell me what you see. Is there anyway I can get up to you?
She craned her neck around, the rocks gauging into her back as she twisted to find an escape route. The precipice she stood on was only a small ledge, a few feet wide, jutting out from the rock spire behind her. There appeared to be no way up or down and, in fact, without the chains securing her she probably would have fallen from its height already.
I see nothing – they must have flown me up here. She shuddered with the thought of any of the flying beasts moving her unconscious body.
Keep looking, there must be something there, some way to release you safely. They wouldn’t want to harm you before the ritual.
Ella pulled against her bonds, daring to lean forward to view what was directly below her. There was only a vast emptiness, the rock dropped away sharply underneath the shelf she stood on and she was at least fifty feet above the canyon floor. There would be no escape in that direction. She pulled herself back against the rock and looked up to see if there was a place for anyone to approach from above, but the spire above her quickly diminished into a narrow tip. She was at the top of the monument. 
As she gazed at the point of the spire, despair beginning to grip her heart with a cold hand, a pair of yellow eyes streaked with red flickered once in the firelight. A grotesque rat-like creature blinked at her once then slunk out of her line of sight behind the spire. A moment later it appeared at her feet, hissing at her presence on its personal perch. She kicked at it and it scrambled up the side of the rock and seemingly into thin air. Following its path with her eyes she could make out what her eyes had missed before, a thick cable above her, secured to the rock above her head. She followed it the rat-thing with her eyes as it traveled along the cable’s length. She realized what they had planned for her.
I see it! There’s a cable, it runs down towards the fire. I’m hooked into it. If they lift the chains behind me I’ll slide down it. I can’t believe it, Oisin, they mean to put me in the fire!
Yes, Ella. This is their ritual. Their legend tells them that the Key can only be eliminated by being thrown into the flame of Abaddan. Like them, it is a purely destructive force. 
Like the burnings, isn’t it. Like what was done to the witches so long ago.
Yes. It is. But it won’t come to that, I promise you.
The cold hand of despair that had only brushed against her earlier now had her full in its grasp, squeezing the breath out of her as she stared down at her fate. On the ground, the Others leapt and spun in the smoke and heat of the fire. They continued to feed its flames, a group of them throwing what appeared to be a whole oak tree into the heart of it. But instead of being engulfed by the blaze, the tree disappeared down into its depths. The fire seemed to actually be coming from a gaping well in the rock and what appeared above the surface was only the topmost portion of its flames. This didn’t stop it from growing ever higher though and as the tree was consumed the inferno reached half way up to her post, its light grossly exaggerating the beasts’ movements as they reveled in the thought of the freedom they would soon gain. The shadows of their revelry crept up the walls of the mountain surrounding them. There was nowhere Ella could shift her gaze to avoid it.
Oisin, you must go. Go and find Keva.  I’m not the Key and what they do to me doesn’t matter –
To me you are all that matters. I’m going nowhere. Keva will take care of herself.
Don’t be stupid, there’s no way to get me out of here, it’s a lost cause. Go do what’s right, or the Others will take the day. Don’t let them do it, Oisin, go find her!
His voice rang out clear in her mind, drowning out all other sounds, causing her to squeeze her eyes shut with the intensity of it.
Oisin matched her with an intensity of his own and her whole body shook with the force of his words, I will not go! 
She answered quietly, fully aware that these were the last words that she might ever speak to him, You must, and for the sake of all that is good, you will.
Then there was nothing. It was silent all around her. Nothing but the crackling of the fire below. She opened her eyes to an audience, her audience. Every miserable creature that claimed to rule the night was fixated on her - the flightless ones on the ground, standing or sitting on their haunches, gazing up; the winged beasts clinging to the rock faces in front of her, staring with ravenous eyes at their sacrifice.
She looked away from them all, up into the night where Mother Moon hung, perfectly round, in the center of the sky. “Protect me. Protect us all,” she whispered.

Bodach strode into the center of the circle, the glow from the fire amplifying his gestures into shadows so large that the mountain itself seemed to be alive with his words. “My brothers, this is the night we have long waited for - the final night of our imprisonment, the last moments of our servitude, the end of our weakness!” The Others burst into raucous celebration, snarling and howling at his words. He held his hand high and they were silenced immediately.
“It is Abaddan himself that brings us together. He is our savior, granting us the shelter of his wings as we, at morning break, step from our caves and holes into daylight. He is our Angel, and will protect us from the rays of the Sun. He is our Master, and we will take his power into the dwellings of those who have held us down, those who have thought themselves above our kind,” his voice lowered to an ominous tone, “Those who will die for their mistakes.” His audience again erupted into a roar.
“And brothers,” his voice ricocheted between the walls, “Let us not forget our sworn enemies, who would have us relegated to the deepest caverns, the lowliest puddles, the farthest mountains - those who are no more human than us, but side with HumanKind nonetheless! These Folk, these Ancients. Our freedom is their bondage! We will rule the day and the night! It is they who will be the hunted, and we shall be the victors!” The scene below became a riot then, all manner of creatures pitching themselves into a frenzy as Bodach raised his arms in triumph, an intensity of flames leaping up behind him and causing Ella to turn her head, shielding her eyes from the heat.
“What a big speech for such a small man.” A clear and melodious voice disturbed their revelry, chiming like a bell and signaling the celebration to come to an abrupt silence. It was a woman’s voice, an old woman’s voice. Ella was just as frantic as Bodach, searching the crowd to locate the source of the mockery. Then, seeming like the Goddess herself, Keva appeared in the moonlight, magnificent in a full-length, purple gown that draped behind her. She moved through the crowd like water, finding her way easily into the center of Bodach’s theatre. But even as he stepped towards her and raised a hand to strike her down, she appeared again, on the other side of the circle, and then again twenty feet beyond. In just a breath there were now seven of her, and then fifteen. Within moments there were dozens of images of Keva surrounding the circle, each one triggering howls and screeches of rage from the creatures near her. From above, Ella was hardly breathing, watching the scene. Keva’s robes fanned out from the center, the heat from the immense fire causing a tornado as the flames leapt up in anger. The images of Keva continued to multiply, until they were a pinwheel of color in the night.
Bodach lunged towards the version of the witch that was closest to him but passed neatly through her, stumbling to the ground and narrowly escaping a fall into the fire pit. Back on his feet, he made an attempt on another of the images, who smiled serenely as he again passed through what should have been a solid body.
I told you she could take care of herself.
Oisin! You’re still there! What is she doing?
What needs to be done. Now be watchful, we will have to be quick when the time comes.
When the time comes for what? 
But Oisin didn’t answer. It was Keva who held center stage now, and she was calling all of her power into being. Her voice came from all mouths at once, a beautiful harmony of sounds, “You are all here to see something wondrous, and I promise you that you shall.” As her words echoed away into the night, the creatures calmed, many had returned to their haunches, and the space was silent.
“Do not listen to her!” Bodach commanded as he strode through the audience, “She is a distraction, attempting to keep us from our deliverance, the deliverance that will soon be upon us! It is nearly mid-night, a few moments more and the task that Amaddon has set before us will be complete, the Key will be destroyed!”
His words, though, fell flat as the Others continued to peer into the faces of Keva, many still with bristled necks who seemed wary of this mysterious human, but some with their heads tilted to the side, looking remarkably like house pets waiting for a command from their owners. Keva smiled gently at them and spoke softly, but each one heard her words clearly, it whispered directly into what semblance of hearts they had. She spoke the words that Ella most dreaded to hear her say. 
“It is I who am the Key.”
No, Keva! Oisin, go get her! The Griffins could do it – they must! They’ll put her in the fire, they’ll destroy her!
Ella reached for her magic, any power that could help her, but without the key around her neck there was nothing.
Oisin’s voice was calm, and he reached out to her, soothing her, It’s alright. Keva knows what she is putting into motion. It will all be as it should be.
Bodach sprang into action, almost flying through the crowd now, passing through the many versions of the witch as if they were mist, “She lies! She is confusing you – we have the Key!” He gestured up towards Ella, and a huge jet of flame shot out of the fire pit, singing all those who had crept too close, all except Keva, who stood nearly at its edge. But for just a moment, the images of the witch rippled softly and became transparent. This, coupled with the heat of the fire, woke the beasts from their trance and they immediately resumed growling and snapping at the intruder, some of them falling upon one another in their desire to attack something. Skirmishes broke out but were quickly put aside as Bodach spoke again.
“Let her be! Waste not your bite on her throat, we will have many tastier bits upon morning light. And now, my brothers, the moon is high and the time has come. Look upwards, to the girl. Named for us. Given to us. And, finally, sacrificed by us to Amaddon, the black Angel who breathes to us from his throne beyond the Earth, breathes to us in flames and fire, and commands us to release her into His depths.” Now all eyes were on Bodach, the canyon was stone still. Every creature was perched on a rock, or on their haunches, even the skies were still. He held the silence until it grew thin and tenuous, and then, with a great flourish, he commanded, “Now!”
At his cue, two large scaled creatures lifted off into flight, their great leathery wings beating directly towards Ella. In a breath, they were hovering on either side of her, the gusts from their heavy wings throwing sand and smoke into her eyes. With clawed fingers, they grasped the chains and dragged them up and over the back of the rock. Ella held with all her strength to the links above her hands, taking some of the weight off the cuffs around her wrists, as her body was transferred onto the metal cable which would send her sliding down into the canyon and directly into the pit of Amaddon. Their job done, the flying creatures released her and soared back to their perches on the rock. Suspended now in midair, and sliding slowly but steadily down the cable, Ella twisted and kicked, using all her strength to attempt a climb up the chain. Perhaps she could somehow reach the cable itself and stop the descent. She pulled herself hand over hand, once, twice, the links sliding through her palms cruelly. Her muscles screaming in protest, she failed and dropped sharply back onto her shackles. Despite the pain she clamped her teeth shut, refusing to cry out, refusing to give the Others any other reason to celebrate. 
Oisin, I hope you can hear me – I’ve failed, I’m sorry. And without sending the words she let herself be filled with what she knew she held in her heart for him, a love which she had never thought she would know, a love that had seen her for who she was and loved her all the more, a love that had truly set her free.
If he answered, she couldn’t hear. The fire had reached a volcanic frenzy, and the heat and sound overshadowed all other senses. Her vision began to blur as she slid down the cable. She felt her skin burn, the fire singing her face, her hair. Her eyes filled with tears in a futile attempt to wash away not only the smoke and ash but also the pain of losing what she had only just discovered she could have. She gave one more effort to grasp the chains above her, but her hands would no longer obey. She was almost to the rim of the pit now, and was losing consciousness. It would be a blessing if she did, if she could see Oisin’s face one more time, even in her mind’s eye, before passing out of this world. But, instead, her vision was filled with the obscenity of the Others, standing in stark silence as they watched her last few breaths. Even Bodach was spellbound, a horrendous grin on his face. 
As her vision began to fade, a single moving body caught Ella’s attention. On the far side of the pit, where the Others had left a gap in the circle as they pressed forward towards the spectacle, stepping out of the shadows and surrounded by the light and glow of a thousand faeries, was Keva, the true Keva in her simple dress, moving silently, gracefully towards the fire. The many images of the purple robed witch had faded away, they were just diversions, and now the true being came forth to do the task which was hers alone. And with Ella’s last moments of consciousness she watched the old woman, her friend, her liberator and her mentor, look up to meet her eyes, smile lovingly, and step into the flames. 

The world was still and quiet. A night breeze stroked Ella’s scalded face and sent her hair across her eyes. A hand reached up and gently, caressingly, tucked it behind her ear. Imagining Bodach’s claw-like fingers, she jerked upright, scrambling to get away from the touch, but something bound her face and she couldn’t see. Her eyes were covered. She reached up, clawing behind her head for the knots that must be there.
“Ella, it is alright. You are safe.”
It was Oisin’s hands that were on her, and then around her. She was in his arms and he kissed her gently on her temple, her cheeks, her chin, his breath sweet and cool on her raw skin. Ella turned her face upwards to meet him and tried to return his embrace, but heavy iron bracelets still bit harshly into her wrists. 
“Oisin, where are we? What’s happened? Why am I blindfolded?”
“You don’t remember? Your eyes, you were looking directly at the flames when it happened, they were burned.”
“When what happened? Where is Keva?”
Watch, I will show you.
Images flooded into her mind, like memories that didn’t belong to her, or a dream that she’d forgotten long ago. Keva stepping into the fire and dropping down into its depths. A vortex of blue and purple flames swirling upwards, becoming a globe of light which pulsated outwards, flooding over the beasts that stood in awe gazing at the orb that was now hovering above their heads like a star. Then the shattering of the globe as it simultaneously coalesced into a pinpoint of light and expanded beyond the limits of the sky in an earth-shaking detonation. The impact of the wave was tremendous, and the beasts were thrown to the ground. Ella swung wildly over the pit, still hanging from the cable, still in danger. The mountain groaned in protest as rocks fell around her, striking the ground, many of them hitting beasts that were now scrambling for shelter. Cracks opened beneath their feet, dropping the creatures down into the depths. The explosion was a great fireball in the night sky, filling the crags of the canyon with daylight and warmth – good, golden warmth. Immense shadows fell past her as the flying beasts of the Others dove into the earth to escape. Some of them found refuge in the cracks below, but the ground continued shifting, closing up the chasms nearly as quickly as they were opened and trapping many in a rocky embrace. Suddenly, Ella was in free fall, as the great spire to which the cable had been secured tumbled from its pedestal, pulling her under its shadow as it careened end over end towards the earth. 
With a thud she landed, not on the ground, but between the wings of a great Griffin, who slalomed gracefully through the flying debris. The Griffins, her great protectors – she cried out in joy as she scrambled for purchase. The Griffin shrieked as the iron chains draping from her wrists drug across its side and Ella gathered the heavy chains to her chest, her arms aching with the effort and her legs already burning from clinging to the great animal. Rising up around her now were flickering blue lights, the faeries, those that had accompanied Keva in her last moments. They encapsulated her with their own small bodies, working with the strength of thousands to keep her positioned on the Griffin, who was now soaring smoothly to the floor of the valley.
And now she was here, with Oisin, and she could smell the sagebrush and oak trees around her. She breathed in his sweet and musky scent, and felt his skin warm against her body.
Keva is gone.
“Yes, she is. She has completed her task. She was the Key. What the Others did not know was that if the Key was sacrificed willingly, if she came of her own accord, it would save us all.”
“Did you know?”
“We suspected that the ritual was the same, but we did not know for sure. We trusted the Goddess to lead us.”
“Then why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t anyone tell me?”
“The Queen surely would have, if she thought you were the one. As for me,” his voice trailed off, I suppose I was afraid that you truly were the Key and that, to save us all, you would leave me. Ella felt a tear fall from Oisin and trace its way down her cheek.
Ella reached up with her hand, dragging the heavy chain across her lap, to touch his face. To find the well from which the tears sprung and to soothe it dry.
“I am not sad,” Oisin said, despite the tears that fell freely from his eyes, “though I miss her already. Keva would not want me to be. She is with the Goddess, she is at peace, and she has done good in the world.”
“Then why are you crying?” Ella asked, her voice quieter than the whisper of the oak trees.
“Relief, and joy. Joy, for you being here, here with me. And relief. Each of us, every being that brings light into the world can walk under the sun, the moon, the stars, in whichever direction they choose. It is done, Ella, we have done it at last.” Oisin’s voice was full of amazement and wonder.
“But, Bodach, and the Others, did they all die? Every one of them?”
He shook his head, “Those that didn’t have retreated. The moon is no longer their ally, She has regained her power through Keva’s sacrifice, and they’ve retreated into the darkest caves to escape her. The night sky is no longer friendly to them.”
She felt another tear on her cheek, and was surprised to realize that it was her own. She allowed it to find the path of the first, to follow it down her jawbone, to her chin and fall into the leaves underneath her. It was a part of her, returning to the Earth, as Keva had done, as she now realized her Father had done. 
Without taking off her blindfold, she opened her thoughts to the world around her, letting the night flood in to her senses. Above them laid a blanket of deepest indigo, Mother Moon bursting with white light in the direct center, every contour of her beautiful face clearly distinguishable. Around her, the brilliance of a million stars cascaded in every direction, her children spreading out to watch over every being that walked beneath them, this night family. Ella took in the air, cool and cleansing to her lungs, like a draught of water in her parched throat. It was so delicious she trembled with pleasure. 
“It feels different, doesn’t it?” Oisin said.
“It’s somehow cleansing, or… purifying. It wasn’t like that before.” Ella took another blissful breath.
“It’s you that’s different, the night is the same. I feel it too, though. I think it’s freedom.”
Ella leaned back into Oisin’s arms, feeling, hoping, that the moment would never end.

Dawn was breaking and Oisin was beginning to wake. Ella had been unable to sleep and she had dared to remove her blindfold and let the air work its magic on her wounded eyes as she wondered at the entirety of night unfolding before her. The shadows had crept along the valley floor, in shades of grey and blue that were so different from the day. The Earth’s gentle night sounds, crickets and cicadas, were a symphony to her ears. She spent much of her time watching Oisin as he slept leaning against a giant Sycamore – his lashes resting gently on his pale cheeks, his broad chest rising and falling, his graceful hands curled lightly on his lap. Was it possible that he was truly Keva’s older brother? It seemed incredible, even after all she had seen, to believe that he had lived through so much time, had seen the world before all of this had happened and was now beginning his life again. The question remained though; what was the life he would choose now that freedom was truly his?
He opened his eyes just as the sun crept over the ridge of the mountain. Sitting beside her, he reached into the pouch around his neck and presented Ella’s key, the first rays of sunshine flashing off the brass. The amber stone wakened, reflecting the light of her eyes as he placed it around her neck and smiled. He reached his hand to her and she took it.
“What happens now?” she asked.
“I suppose that’s up to us. We both belong in the world now.”
Ella thought of her mother and brothers. Were they still alive? Was anything left of the life she’d left behind?
“I don’t really belong anywhere. There’s no place that feels right anymore.” 
Oisin kissed the back of her hand. “We could go now, we could start again and see those places I told you of.”
“That feels like a dream I had once, of walking over the land, seeing places with green hills and towering pines. Perhaps I was dreaming of you? Of us?”
“I dreamt of us last night,” he said, and Ella felt a blush creep up her face. “And Keva. She came to me, and apologized. Not for leaving,” he shook his head dismissively, “but for trying to make me stay.”
Ella was confused and her face must of shown it, because he squeezed her hand and continued, “Years ago, when we were young. She tried so desperately to keep me safe, to keep me with her. She thought I would be hurt or lost otherwise. She tried to do what our Mam couldn’t. And now she knows, she can see that it was the only way.” He smiled again, looking into Ella’s eyes with a gaze that reached right down into her heart, pulling it up into her throat. He pulled her closer, until their lips were just a feather’s touch from each other. “It was the only way I could be with you.” 
Together they sat, watching the stars fade into the lightening sky, their hands linked together. As one they stood and, in the rays of the morning sun, began their descent into the valley of the City of Angels.
###
READER’S GUIDE
1. The women in NightKind are very powerful. What makes power feminine? How do you think feminine and masculine power are demonstrated in the story?

2. Ella and her mother have a difficult relationship throughout much of the story. Would their relationship have been better or worse if Mother had told Ella the truth of her childhood earlier? What else might have different?

3. When Oisin meets Ella he tells her, “I am bound to you.” What do you think this means and how is it demonstrated in the story?

4. Both Oisin and Ella have an outsider’s view of their world. How does this help or hinder them in their task?

5. The Folk and Ancients encompass many mythical beings. Which of these beings were you most drawn to in the story and how do you connect with the powers and the frailties of that being?

6. The Queen wields great power in Under-earth. What is Ella’s feeling for the Queen after their first meeting and how does that change by the end of the story?
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Holly Tuesday Baxter grew up in her own post-apocalyptic version of Los Angeles, crashing on couches from Hollywood to Venice, Orange County to Chatsworth. When not writing, Holly works with teens (you could call her a shrink) and listens to very loud music. She adores all things magical and mystical, and isn’t usually far from her tarot deck. Holly wrote her first book for her now teenage daughter, but has yet to make enough sense of the male brain to write one for her son. She loves to hear feedback and, just for the record, her middle name really is Tuesday.

Connect with Holly Tuesday Baxter on Facebook
See Holly Tuesday Baxter on Smashwords

