A Class Apart
Stephen Henning
Copyright Stephen Henning 2014
Published by Elucidox Publishing at Smashwords
The right of Stephen Henning to be identified as the Author of the Work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. All rights reserved. Apart from any use permitted under UK copyright law, this publication may only be reproduced, stored or transmitted, in any form, or by any means with prior permission in writing from the publishers or in the case of reprographic production in accordance with the terms of licences issued by the Copyright Licensing Agency and may not be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser. All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Prologue 
Sunday 12 June
Samantha Blake sat up in her hospital bed. She tried to read the article about her on the 24/7 Interactive News website, but her eyes kept flicking nervously to the door of her private room. Nobody was there.
The article had been updated only five minutes ago. It was chilling and surreal to read about the events that she was experiencing – as they were actually happening. The text flowed across the screen of her phone.
Breaking News – School Bus Bombing – Were Twins Targeted?
Fears that teenage twins were targeted in terror attack, amid reports of SECOND strike in victims’ hospital!
Sam could feel her heart thumping and her pulse quickening as she read the piece. Targeted? Really? Her and James? They must be the twins referred to, as there hadn’t been any others on the coach. Surely the bombing hadn’t been an attack on them? It was stupid! Who would want to target them? 
Sam looked around nervously. The report claimed that there had been an attack on the hospital. Within the isolation of these four walls, she had heard nothing, seen nothing. She was alone, but she could almost imagine an assassin in the bathroom, or a bomb under her bed. She had no way of being sure, because she could not move from the bed or leave the room. She wished her brother, James, was here.
Eight days ago it had been their 14th birthday. They’d had a big party with all their school friends. Many of them were no longer alive.
Now she lay in this hospital bed, cold, alone, scared and hungry.
She scrolled further down the page. There was another video report, but this one was from three hours ago.
Mystery Death Dive at Bomb Survivors’ Hospital
Bosses refuse to confirm whether a teenage boy has fallen out of 36th-storey window at Brent Valley General
Sam watched the video, her heart in her mouth. The reporter was standing outside the hospital, pointing at fragments of glass on the ground and a broken window at the top of the huge building. The reporter said that eyewitnesses had claimed that a body had come through the window, although the whereabouts of the body was unknown and unexplained. 
Three hours ago, James had told her he was heading up to the 36th floor. That was the last she had heard from him. Could it have been James who had fallen out of the window?
Sam jumped in fright. Through the glass panels in her door, she saw a shape. A figure in the corridor. She couldn’t see who it was. Friend or enemy?
Samantha Blake shrank down into her bed. Even with the amazing things that she could do, she had reason to be fearful.
The door opened, and Sam breathed a sigh of relief. It was a friend. Everything was ok.
And then all of a sudden, it wasn’t...
Chapter 1 – Combustive
Tuesday 7 June
Brian Hacker closed his eyes while the coach was stopped at the traffic lights, and tried to shut out the noise. He’d been a coach driver for 23 years and on most days he loved his job.
Brian was driving a coach party of 30 children, two teachers and two parents from South Ealing Comprehensive School in West London. They had been on a day trip to St Paul’s Cathedral and the Imperial War Museum.
There were shrieks, giggles, mobile ringtones, and competing perfume and aerosol sprays circulating around the coach, all of which served to exacerbate the agony of his pounding head and sandpaper throat. Flu. The symptoms had started yesterday.
Brian opened his eyes to see the lights were green, as three drivers behind him started leaning on their horns. He inched the coach forward. They’d successfully navigated the Hangar Lane gyratory and were probably no more than 30 minutes from the school. It would almost certainly be another two hours before he could get home, kiss his wife, say “hi” to the boys, and collapse into bed. He looked at the large digital clock at the front of the coach.
It read 19:17.
Towards the back of the coach, Samantha Blake closed her eyes and tried to blot out the noise. Two sources of noise really. One was Emma Venton, the nastiest piece of work in the school by some distance, and her faithful lapdog Anika Ali. Both were sitting on the back seat, periodically throwing paper missiles at Sam’s head and texting unpleasant messages to her mobile. ‘Freak’, ‘stick insect’ and ‘twiglet’ were the nicer parts of the messages.
The second source, more benign but no less annoying, was Philip Randerson. He was sitting on the seat in front of hers, propped up on his knees and facing her over the back of the chair. In one hand he was holding a book, The Country of the Blind and Other Stories by HG Wells.
Philip was intense. You never quite knew what he was thinking, or what he was on about, or indeed what planet he was on half the time. He was nice enough, but very hard work. He was amazingly intelligent. The cleverest pupil in the year, probably in the school. So why couldn’t he work out how annoying he was? 
Sam was trying her best to be polite. She never wanted to be one of life’s Emma Ventons or her chavette entourage, but she couldn’t help but feel that by being nice to Philip, she had somehow been penalised. As though she had left a door ajar, and Philip was eagerly trying to push his foot into the opening. His obscure conversational topics and his habit of doggedly flogging a line of argument to the death made him very wearing. Fifteen minutes ago, he had asked Sam what type of boys she found attractive. Foolishly, and despite knowing exactly what was coming, she had replied:
“Well, he has to be nice, and have a good sense of humour. Um, kind, nice looking...”
“You put ‘good sense of humour’ and ‘kind’ ahead of looks,” pounced Philip. “Why do girls always say that when really it’s ‘looks’ every time?”
Sam had spiritedly played along in the argument, although she found her mind wandering. Philip was a mouth breather, she noticed. She wanted to tell him to close his mouth and breathe through his nose, but worried that it might offend him. Or worse, it might prompt another line of argument. He was called ‘gormless’ a lot. She wanted to suggest that his fair hair, in the classic pudding-basin style, might benefit from a slightly more fashionable cut. He was called some unpleasant names about that too. But she couldn’t bring herself to say anything that might upset him. She knew all too well what it felt like to be on the receiving end of bullying.
Sam’s best friend, Nina Palmer, had tired of the conversation 14 minutes ago. She had been brushing her shiny black hair and studying the results with her make-up mirror. She hadn’t paid much attention to the conversation but Philip was getting on her nerves.
“Oh, why don’t you just tell her that you fancy her?!” she snapped.
Philip was momentarily derailed.
“It’s so obvious. That’s why you keep asking her what boys she fancies, and why you keep taking the mickey out of her, and going on and on with your stupid arguments!”
Philip got right back onto the rails.
“I think you’ll find that if I fancied her, it would be more logical for me to tell her I fancied her, and maybe buy her flowers in the traditional way.”
“Well then why don’t you, instead of dribbling over her all day?” Nina snapped, and returned to reading her magazine.
“Well perhaps you fancy her, Nina. You’re always hanging out with Sam. You’re together in classes, in the playground, and on the bus. And you’re wearing that top.”
The top that Philip was referring to was an unofficial school sweater. Very unofficial. Essentially it was just the standard South Ealing Comprehensive School navy-blue sweater, with the school emblem on it. But the current trend among the older girls was to have the sweater altered to include the school name as the acronym S.E.C.S, and with the words ‘South Ealing girls know good’ just before it. Funnily enough, it wasn’t an item that they wore when they got home. The trend was now filtering down to the lower years, much to the consternation of parents and teachers.
“You should get one as well, Sam. You’re like lovers,” said Philip.
“They’re like freaks!” called out Emma Venton from the back seat.
Nina Palmer flushed. She didn’t fancy Sam, but she did have a bit of a thing for Sam’s brother James. But she couldn’t really say anything to her best friend. 
She stood up and shouted back at Emma Venton. 
“You wearing your mum’s perfume again, Venton? Or did we just go past a pub?”
Emma Venton glowered.
Closer to the front of the coach James Blake, Samantha’s twin brother, removed his earphones and paused the track on his phone’s music player. The mobile was brand new. It had been his and Sam’s 14th birthday on Saturday, and they’d been given identical smartphones as a present from their mum and dad.
James had his hat pulled down over his eyes, his feet were resting on the seat in front and he had been lost in thought trying to work out the guitar riffs that he was listening to. But something tugged at his subconscious. He had a tingling feeling that his sister needed him. People had always told him that he must share a special connection with Sam.
They often finished each other’s sentences, independently picked out identical presents for people and generally seemed to know what the other was thinking. He had read that this was not an uncommon ability in twins, although privately he thought that given how much time they had spent together it was not surprising that their outlook on life was similar and their tastes the same. Nevertheless, he had often accurately sensed when his sister needed him and she, too, always seemed to know when he needed her.
James sat up, removed his hat and ran a hand through his fair hair. James and Sam were unmistakable as brother and sister. They shared the same wide mouth and flawless skin. James was a little sensitive to this fact; he wondered if it meant he didn’t look masculine enough. It irked him that he couldn’t grow enough stubble to give him a more rugged look, as his baby-soft skin often led to him being called ‘pretty boy’ on the football pitch. And that was just by his own team.
James looked back down the bus to see Emma Venton kneeling on the back seat, with Anika Ali sitting next to her. Anika was tearing out sheets of paper from another girl’s set of Imperial War Museum worksheets, screwing them up, and handing them to Emma. Emma was then throwing them at Sam. Most of them were missing their target, but he still felt a stab of anger as he looked at his sister’s kind face.
Samantha was strong, she was witty and she could hold her own against a bully like Emma, but she never showed any inclination to fight back. James kept telling Sam she should confront Emma – face her down, show her that she was not to be messed with. Sam, probably to her credit, just said that Emma wasn’t worth it.
Emma Venton had never hurt Sam; all the bullying was done from a distance and usually via a phone or the internet. But that wasn’t because Emma shied away from physical bullying. She was perfectly willing and able to hurt other girls, and some boys, quite badly just for the hell of it, if she thought she could. James was worried that maybe Emma was testing Sam, trying to gauge whether she could take her on in a fight.
James had often told Sam that he thought Emma was jealous of her. Emma Venton was a lot plainer looking than Sam. Not ugly – well, not physically ugly. But she had a hardness to her that somehow made her look a lot older than 14. Watching Emma and Anika now, James wondered if maybe he should make a pre-emptive strike himself; just some kind of warning shot, to let them know his sister wasn’t to be messed with.
“Slaaaaaags!” yelled Emma Venton at Sam and Nina, accompanied by the nervous shrieks and giggles of Anika.
Feeling his blood boil, James was about to mount a punitive expedition to the back of the coach when Mr Stark, the History teacher, stood up and bellowed at Emma to sit properly in her seat and behave. Which, temporarily and reluctantly, she did. Mr Stark sat back down next to Mrs Cutts, the PE teacher, and muttered something under his breath to his colleague.
James sunk back into his seat, equally reluctantly and seething with frustration. He had been looking for an opportunity to put Emma Venton in her place and get her off his sister’s back, but often what had stopped him was the fact that Emma was a girl, and seriously what was he going to do? He could give her a mouthful, but that was it. What could he threaten her with? He would never lay a finger on a girl, not even one as vicious as Emma Venton. 
James had seen Emma hit other boys, and it was clear from the sound of the punch and the reaction of the boy that she packed quite a wallop. But, so far, none of the boys could quite bring themselves to retaliate. Emma knew this and played on it. She caught James’s eye from the back of the bus. She’d seen his slight movement before Mr Stark had stood up behind him. She gave James a can’t-touch-me smile. James made a rude gesture in return, which prompted some sarcastic “Oooo-oooooh”s from Emma and Anika.
James seethed.
Brian Hacker sighed as he caught a glimpse of the Venton girl in his rear-view mirror. A bad one that. Sad how every class seemed to have a rotten egg, although it had been a while since he’d seen one that rotten. He cast a quick look at the clock: 19:28. It had been a long day. He had arrived at South Ealing Comprehensive’s playground nearly 12 hours ago. Still, only another 20 minutes to the school and maybe an hour and a half till he was back in his sick bed. Unfortunately though, he had another 6am start tomorrow and it had been made clear to him by his boss that he would be doing that job, even if he was dying!
Brian guided the coach forward another few precious metres. Then something caught his eye. Was he dreaming? He squinted and leaned forward in his seat. If that wasn’t the damnedest thing he had ever seen. On the roof of one of the big houses along Hangar Lane, there was a girl. He blinked as the low evening sun made his eyes water. But there was no mistake. A young girl, no more than 16 years old, was sitting on the apex of the roof, with her legs swinging over the edge. What was she playing at, the stupid little fool? She could kill herself. 
The driver of the car behind bibbed his horn again. Brian Hacker looked angrily in the mirror, then at the road ahead. He inched forward into the available space.
The girl on the roof looked down at the coach. She could see the disbelieving expression on the driver’s face. She considered giving him a little wave. She was enjoying this game. She had an excellent view of the road ahead. Traffic was still moving slowly, thanks to the wrecked car that had been carelessly left at the side of the road. Now who would do a thing like that? The coach would pass it in about five minutes. She stood up, totally unfazed by her dizzying distance from the ground. She had the grace, posture and physique of a gymnast. She wore black lycra running trousers and a black sweat top.
She looked at the next house along the road. There was a distance of about ten metres in length and three metres in height between the roof she was standing on and the roof of the next house. She sprinted along the roof, jumped, somersaulted in the air, and landed steadily on the adjacent building. She had reached the higher ground with ease.
Brian Hacker stopped the coach nose-to-bumper with the car in front. He looked up at the rooftop again. The girl was gone. The sun was in his eyes, annoyingly. Should he ring the police? Or had he just imagined it?
Sam’s phone buzzed again, but this time it wasn’t another Venton vent of venom. It was Mum, saying that she hoped they had both enjoyed their day, and that she was preparing chicken pie for dinner. Sam looked down the bus at James. He was looking back at her. They’d received the same text. Sam smiled and felt a warm wave of homely love wash through her, tempered by a slight stab of guilt. Mum was worried about her and was trying gently to help. Sam thought about getting home. Instead of having dinner, she just wanted to have a shower and go to bed. She hoped Mum wouldn’t be too cross or upset.
“I saw you on Comic Relief the other night, Blake,” shouted out Emma Venton.
“You pretend that you think you are not attractive,” continued Philip Randerson, “when, in reality, you know that you are attractive. But by acting like you believe you are not, you end up gathering more attention.”
“Shut your face!” came another voice from somewhere else on the bus.
A hundred conversations seemed to be reaching Sam’s ears all at once.
“Everyone just keep the noise down,” bellowed Mr Stark.
“I hope you snap in half Blake, you freak,” shouted out Emma Venton, half standing on the back seat now, reminding Sam of a monkey in a cage, about to fling excrement at passing tourists. “I hope you die looking at a McDonalds, and your family feed you to the birds!”
That was it! James stood up, blood pumping in his ears, his vision slightly hazy with rage. He was up to his full height of five foot seven. He barely heard Mr Stark call out to him to sit down. He could only see the eyes of Emma Venton. Those eyes changed from surprise, to triumph, to a momentary fear as she saw the intent in James’s face. Maybe, finally, she had gone too far? Her mouth curled to display grim defiance. She clenched her fists.
James didn’t know what he was going to do. He still didn’t think he could hit Emma Venton, but he might at least grab the phone out of her hand and destroy the tool that sent poison to his sister’s mobile. He was eight steps away. Seven steps away. He caught his sister’s eye and noted that she looked worried – worried about him.
Brian Hacker narrowed his eyebrows as he saw James Blake, a likeable, polite and decent lad, marching to the back of the bus. The teachers would have their hands full now. He hoped his own boys hadn’t been in any trouble at school today.
Those thoughts were quickly forgotten when he saw that some idiot had abandoned a car on the double yellow line further down the road. Even from here he could see that the car wheels were bent out at an awkward angle, the back window was smashed and there was an ‘Authorities Aware’ sticker across the boot. Why hadn’t it been towed away? So that had been the cause of the slow-moving traffic. He would have to pull out into the oncoming traffic to get around it. What on earth were the police doing, leaving it there?
James was two paces away from Emma Venton now – she had both feet planted on the back seat, ready to meet him, brandishing her sharp nails and signalling her intent to slash at his face. She looked feral, crouched on the seat like a cornered animal. She didn’t take her eyes off her challenger, hoping to intimidate him. James prepared to block the initial slash and fend off the second blow, which would then unbalance Emma. Then he’d grab the mobile from where she had left it on the seat between her feet, and before she had a chance to recover, he would throw it out of the window and under the wheels of a passing car.
Emma Venton picked her moment as James Blake came grimly and steadfastly towards her, his face set and his eyes strangely cold, like the Terminator. She would cut his stupid face. She prepared to take her swipe.
Brian Hacker pulled the coach smoothly around the obstructing car. He had his eyes firmly on the road and had judged his approach perfectly. They would pass the car and be back on their own side of the road before the approaching lorry was anywhere near them. He changed down the gear and turned the steering wheel.
For a second, Brian Hacker caught another glimpse of the girl on the rooftop, now on top of another house nearby. This time she seemed to be waving at him. He switched his eyes back to the road. The coach was now level with the broken down vehicle.
That was when the car exploded.
Everything happened at once. The blast ripped through the front of the coach, with the large vehicle effectively absorbing the entire force of the eruption. Glass crashed inwards. The coach’s passenger-side wheels left the ground and the vehicle pitched over and began to slide across the road. There were screams and a terrifying noise of metal grinding against tarmac. A hundred car and burglar alarms rippled out from the epicentre of the blast.
The car driver behind the coach was no longer leaning on his horn, but swerving on to the pavement. He ended up crashing into the gardens of the block of flats that were at the side of the road, and instantly had a face full of air bag. A succession of drivers behind him slammed on their brakes and found themselves rear-ending the car in front.
The driver of the oncoming lorry pulled at his steering wheel and jabbed his brakes, and the huge vehicle started skidding forwards towards the upturned coach.
Only barely alive, the last thing Brian Hacker saw was a flash of fast-moving metal bearing down upon him. He tried one last attempt to free himself from his seat.
The screech of the lorry’s tyres suddenly gave way to another sickening crunch as the cab impacted against the lower bodywork of the front of the coach, smashing out the remaining windows.
There were few pedestrians on the roadside by Hangar Lane, but those who were close by ran for their lives.
Inside the coach, the world was red, orange and black. Several of the passengers had been killed instantly by the blast and many others had been knocked unconscious. Through his blurred vision, James Blake just saw a mass of limbs as he was thrown first towards the front of the coach, then sideways, and then he was upside down. 
James caught sight of his sister screaming out in pain, pinned to the upturned roof of the bus, one of her legs twisted at a horrible angle. He was conscious for only six seconds more. In those seconds, he felt a cold sensation in his neck and his back as glass embedded itself in his body. He cried out from the pain, which was far worse than anything he had ever known. His head bashed into the armrest of a nearby seat, and someone else fell on top of him. He had to get out, but he couldn’t! He felt a terrible rage and tried summoning up every bit of strength he had to break free but it was useless. Then he had a brief glimpse of a bloodstained, wild face, which he thought was Philip Randerson’s, before they connected heads and James blacked out.
Samantha was still conscious but she could not feel her legs. There was a large piece of twisted metal embedded in her right thigh. It had pierced her blue school skirt, which itself was now soaked in her blood. She couldn’t even see her other leg. She screamed, but was drowned out by the sound of another explosion which this time seemed to come from the back of the bus. It was deafeningly loud, and already it had become impossible to see more than an arm’s length in front of her as the coach was filling up with smoke. She choked, and scrabbled desperately to get clear of whatever was pinning her down. As the coach had fallen on its side the only daylight coming in was from above, where the passenger-side windows were now facing the evening sky. Sam tried reaching as high as she could but was suddenly hit by another shower of glass and a ball of flames. She could barely see, and it was painful to even breathe. She made one last effort to try and remove the large shard of metal that was embedded in her leg, but it was impossible. She blacked out.
On a nearby rooftop, with a grandstand view of the suffering and devastation, the girl sat filming the event below using her mobile phone. She smiled as she heard the screams, the cries and the pitiful whinnying of the dying. She stopped filming and attached the video file to a message which read:
‘Daddy. Aren’t you lucky to have such an efficient daughter? Love Lolly.’
The girl called Lolly sent the message. She zipped the phone up in the pocket of her black running top and brushed herself down. It was time to go. She took a running jump, crossing the gulf to the next house, and grabbed hold of a windowsill. She hung from the ledge for a few seconds. She then descended, swinging from one handhold to the next like she was performing a gymnastic display, until she landed elegantly on the ground. She smartened her jacket again, brushed back a wisp of her long brown hair from her forehead, and walked calmly onto the street.
Sam briefly came to. She thought she must have been jolted awake by the pain of the metal shard being removed from her thigh. She felt a strange sensation in her body. She couldn’t identify it but, weirdly, it reminded her of the time when she was eight years old and ate a chilli thinking it was a sweet. 
She still could not see properly because of the smoke. She was coughing and retching. Then it felt as though strong arms were lifting her out of the wreckage. Suddenly the heat from the flames gave way to the cool summer air, and she thought she was floating above the burning coach. Next thing she knew, she was being laid gently down on cold concrete. A hand tenderly brushed her hair back and then was gone.
Or maybe she had dreamed that bit?
The coach had set off at 07:03 from South Ealing Comprehensive School, with 30 children aged 13 and 14, two teachers, two parents and a driver. At 19:38, the burning wreckage of the coach lay across both carriageways of Hangar Lane in West London, less than five miles from the school.
Brian Hacker would not be returning home to his wife and children. Mrs Cutts the PE teacher, Mr Stark the History teacher, Tom Harrad, Simon Elburn, and Suzi Twyford, who were all sitting near the front of the bus, were killed instantly.
Four others died within the following two minutes.
It would be several days before James Blake would realise how lucky he was that he had marched angrily to the back of the coach.
It would be some considerable time before the long-term consequences of the blast would be realised.
The anger, bitterness and grief at the senseless loss of loved ones by families, friends, classmates and a community would last a lifetime.
Chapter 2 – Awakenings
Friday 10 June
Samantha Blake opened her puffy, painful eyes, saw her mum and dad’s faces looking down worriedly at her and wondered what was going on.
Like all the victims of the car bomb, she had been rushed to Brent Valley General Hospital.
Sam had no idea where she was; she felt sick and drowsy, and at the edge of her consciousness she was aware of a pain in her stomach and legs. Mum looked as though she’d been crying for a week. Dad was looking at her with haunted eyes like somehow he’d let her down.
 She saw her mum lean closer and felt her own hand being stroked gently. It was comforting. Sam saw another movement in the corner of her eye as a woman in a white coat came closer. Sam fell asleep again.
Sam dreamed the strangest, most vivid of dreams. She dreamed she was in her bedroom at home. She was sitting up in bed, wearing her pyjamas, and looking out of the window. Her mum was standing by the bedroom door, wishing her goodnight and turning the light out. But she wasn’t looking at her mum. She was staring out of the window.
The room itself seemed to be moving, as if it were driving down the road like a car. She was looking at the streets, houses and cars that the room was overtaking. The room was taking her to school for an exam. She could see the school in the distance. Then the school suddenly exploded and a ball of flame slowly but steadily rolled down the road towards her.
She saw her brother James tumbling through the air in slow motion. He froze for a few seconds in front of the window, looking in at her and reaching out his hand. Philip Randerson floated up to the window and pushed James aside. He started knocking on the glass and, although Sam could not hear what he was saying, she could see he was mouthing “Let me in”. Then the fireball caught up with them. James and Philip were engulfed in the fire and a second later it came crashing through the window.
Sam woke up in the hospital bed and found she could not move. She could hear screaming and was half aware that the sound came from her. She was soaked in sweat, it was pitch black and she was scared. Nurses rushed around her and she felt the cool, soothing hand of a girl who seemed not that much older than Sam herself. She was pretty, she was smiling and she stroked Sam’s forehead. She spoke, but Sam didn’t really know what she was saying. Seconds later and Sam had drifted back to sleep.
Saturday 11 June
Brent Valley General was one of the tallest hospitals in the world. Built in 1976, it stood 150 metres and 36 storeys tall – taller than the Guy’s Hospital tower in Southwark and only 94 metres shorter than One Canada Tower at Canary Wharf. It was a rather ugly slab of a building that somehow looked like it was trying to muscle in on nature and take its place in the sky. It stood incongruously within the relatively low-rise skyline of West London, dwarfing all the office blocks, apartments and shops that surrounded it. The majesty of its supreme height was offset by the ugly aesthetics of its 1970s’ origins. Any grandeur it might have had when it was new had long since been tarnished by time and the British weather.
PC O’Brien of the Metropolitan Police trudged up and down the long corridor on floor 16 of the hospital. He was not happy. Twenty or so survivors had been brought in from that coach bomb, and the guv’ wanted an eye kept on all of them. All very well, but why didn’t they put them in one big ward, rather than scattered around the building?
The whole operation was stupid, in O’Brien’s opinion. They’d been doing this for days now. The poor kids had been caught in a terrorist bombing. Horrible, but it wasn’t as though the terrorists had deliberately targeted them, was it? That wasn’t the way it worked. These things were always random. The terrorists weren’t likely to come strolling in here to try again. Although O’Brien wished they would, so he could personally beat the living daylights out of the sick–
“Excuse me,” said a well-spoken, confident young voice from behind him, startling him out of his fantasy.
PC O’Brien turned around. There was a tall, prim and pretty young girl standing behind him. She looked like she was about 16. She had long black hair, swept back in a ponytail, and she was dressed in a smart green school uniform, which suggested to O’Brien one of the expensive private schools. However, he raised a disapproving eyebrow when he saw the length of her skirt. There was no way he would allow his daughter to go anywhere in something that short.
“Yes, Miss?”
“There seems to be some sort of fight in the next corridor,” said the girl helpfully. There was something slightly mocking in the girl’s cat-like blue eyes that O’Brien found unnerving. The way she delivered the line, so cool and confidently, made O’Brien think she had made it up.
“What?” he asked. 
The girl nodded enthusiastically.
“One of the doctors was being attacked.” She pointed down the corridor. “Quite badly,” she added.
‘Perhaps the guv’ was right,’ thought O’Brien. He had no choice but to investigate, and he sprinted off in the direction the girl was pointing. Heaven help her if she was lying.
Lolly smiled to herself. She had made up the story about the fight, but she wanted the policeman out of the way. She walked in the opposite direction along the corridor to room seven – Samantha Blake’s room. She strode in. It was a private room, with an adjoining bathroom. The girl was asleep. She looked battered and bruised. Both legs were in plaster.
Lolly approached the girl and peered closer. The girl was pretty, Lolly would concede that. Although not as pretty as herself. 
Was she worth the effort that Daddy had gone to? There were some minor bruises on the girl’s face. They seemed to be healing nicely, but the girl was definitely in a bad way. Time to find out if Daddy was right. 
She took ‘the gadget’ from her green blazer pocket. It was a small black device, the same size as a mobile phone. Daddy had a poncey name for it but, to her, it was just ‘the gadget’. Technology didn’t really interest Lolly, but she knew it had its uses.
She plucked out a small transparent bag from her other pocket and removed a perspex slide and a razor blade. She made a small cut on Samantha’s arm, near her elbow. No one would notice another injury among all the others. Sam immediately started bleeding and started to stir slightly. Lolly quickly rubbed the perspex slide onto the blood and placed the slide into a slot at the back of the black device. She checked Sam. The girl wasn’t properly awake and had no idea what was going on. Probably the medication. Lolly looked at the small cut she had made on the girl’s arm. It had already stopped bleeding.
Lolly pressed the ON button on the gadget. A screen on the front lit up. A progress bar started running across the screen. The screen changed quickly to report Analysis complete, then Range 60–80%. Lolly was impressed. The brother, James, had tested with the same result. Daddy was absolutely right, as usual. She placed the items back in her pocket.
Lolly then walked round to the other side of the bed and looked in Sam’s locker. She found her mobile phone. Lolly picked out a small USB stick from her pocket and attached it to the phone. Instantly, specialised spy software started installing itself on the mobile. The whole process took less than a minute.
“Get well soon, Samantha,” said Lolly, replacing the phone and putting the USB stick back in her pocket. “I’ll be seeing you again when you’re better.”
She turned to leave, but heard voices in the corridor. The name ‘Sam’ was used. The girl in the bed started stirring. Quickly, Lolly hid in the private bathroom.
Roger and Yvonne Blake were delighted to find their daughter opening her eyes and looking around her as they entered the room. It was a hot, glorious summer’s day and Yvonne Blake couldn’t help but reflect on how her children should be outside playing with their friends.
“Oh Sam!” Her mum could not hold back and she rushed forward to give her daughter the biggest and yet gentlest cuddle that she could. Her dad came and kissed her on the forehead and took her hand in his.
“Sweetheart, we’re so relieved,” he said, his voice nearly failing him. His daughter looked smaller, younger, so vulnerable, but she had colour back in her cheeks. He stroked her beautiful blonde hair, now matted with sweat and falling lankly over her face. She looked bewildered.
“How are you feeling, poppet?” her mum asked.
“I feel hungry,” said Sam, without really thinking. And she was. She was ravenous. Yvonne exchanged glances with Roger, who raised an eyebrow but said nothing.
Yvonne helped prop her daughter up in bed. She had noticed how Sam had been looking a little thinner every day and, in her opinion, Sam had precious little weight to lose. 	
“Your mother has been bringing food in every day, just on the off-chance you woke up,” said Roger Blake. “She’s been giving it to the nurses. And some of them really don’t need any more fattening up. They should build these hospitals with bigger corridors.”
“Roger!” snapped Yvonne Blake.
“Sorry luv.”
Sam smiled weakly. Ordinarily her dad’s cringey, un-PC comments and loud voice would make her want to curl up and die. Now she couldn’t be more grateful to hear his terrible jokes and she just wanted to uncurl and live happily ever after with them.
Yvonne Blake reached into a freezer bag that she’d been carrying and produced a quiche, stored in tupperware, and already cut up. She trundled the food tray over to Sam’s bed, took the quiche out of the tupperware and put it on a plate.
“Perhaps I should wash this up in the bathroom,” she wondered, holding the tupperware.
In the bathroom, Lolly tensed up. She would kill the girl’s parents if she had to. She could hear footsteps approaching. Lolly stayed hidden behind the door.
“Just put it in your bag, babe,” said Roger, firmly. “Wash it up when we get home.”
The footsteps receded. Lolly relaxed slightly. There was a small window set into the wall to her left. An escape route if she needed it, but for the time being she wanted to stay and listen.
Sam ate with growing confidence and had soon finished her plate. Food had never tasted so good! She took a moment to collect her senses and look around her. She had cards, flowers, some of her running trophies from her bedroom at home and sitting on top of her bedside locker was her teddy bear Johnny – which was a bit embarrassing.
“What happened?” she asked finally, and then as her thoughts cleared a little further, she looked momentarily panicked.
“Where’s James?”
Her mother moved a little closer to reassure her.
“James is fine, sweetheart. He’s in a ward on the floor above. He’s been awake for two days and he’s already out of bed. He broke an arm and his collarbone. But you’re both fine and you’re going to be ok.” Her mother was crying a little now, but her voice stayed strong.
“How did I get here?” Sam asked shakily. “There was a noise... we were on the coach, was it a bomb? What about Nina? Where’s Nina?”
Her father sat down in the chair next to her.
“Yes, sweetheart. There was a car bomb. It blew up just as your coach went past. Some... people were killed. I’m so sorry. But Nina is fine, she’s fine. She was released from hospital yesterday afternoon. Her parents have taken her to stay with grandparents in India.”
Roger looked into his daughter’s eyes to see what effect his words were having. Sam just felt numb. She heard the words but they didn’t seem to mean anything. People killed? Surely not people on the coach? Not her friends? Mrs Cutts and Mr Stark? The nice driver Mr Hacker, who knew her mum and who always asked her how she was getting on in her athletics competitions? Emma Venton?
“Can I see James?” she asked. Her father looked at her mother and then nodded.
“He’s been in to see you. He sat with you yesterday, reading his guitar magazine out to you until the nurses made him go back to his ward. He said it would make you wake up to tell him to shut up.”
Sam laughed, and Roger’s heart leaped to see his daughter’s face come to life. The laughter turned to a convulsion of coughing and she had to hold her ribs.
“You’ve taken a heck of a knock, sweetheart,” he said, as he stroked her arm. “Just take it easy. Be a while before you’re back on the running track. But you’ll get there.”
Yvonne Blake threw her husband a look but said nothing. There was a knock on the door and a woman in a white coat came in, with an air of brisk efficiency.
“As you can see she’s doing very well,” the woman said, without seeming to direct the comment at anyone in particular. She picked up Sam’s medical chart from the end of the bed and gave Sam a warm smile.
“Morning, Doctor,” said Yvonne Blake. “How is she doing?”
There was a brief silence as the doctor studied the chart.
“Remarkably well,” she murmured. She looked at Sam again. “Hello Samantha, I’m Dr Okocha. I hadn’t expected you to be awake. How are you feeling?”
“All right, I think,” muttered Sam, looking a little bewildered again.
“I’m very pleased with your progress Samantha.” She looked closer at Sam’s face. “You’re in no danger, although you have two broken legs, broken ribs and burns on your stomach and chest. There was damage to your lungs but they healed very quickly. The swelling and the bruising on your face has mostly gone.” She sounded quite surprised, thought Roger. Dr Okocha carefully looked at the bandages around Sam’s stomach.
“We’re going to give you some X-rays tomorrow, and we’ll also take a proper look under the dressings to see how things are coming along. But so far you’ve been healing very well. A bit like your brother. You must be a very healthy family. Did you give them a lot of greens when they were younger?” She smiled at Yvonne, who smiled gratefully back.
“What about her burns?” asked Roger.
“We’ll have a better idea about that when we change the bandages. The only other concerns I have at the moment are her weight and her temperature. She seems to have lost quite a lot of weight since she was brought in.”
Roger and Yvonne nodded but didn’t really know what to say.
“Well,” said Roger, clearing his throat and hearing his voice sound slightly awkward. “She’s had her lunch today.”
“Oh, it’s nothing to worry about,” Dr Okocha reassured them.
“What about her temperature?” asked Roger.
Dr Okocha looked at Sam and nodded thoughtfully. She produced a thermometer and took Sam’s temperature again. It read 39.8 degrees Celsius.
“She’s very hot at the moment. In fact, she should be feverish with that kind of reading. Do you feel hot, Sam?”
Sam shook her head. Her mother put her hand on her daughter’s forehead. She felt cool.
“We’ll keep monitoring it,” Dr Okocha promised. “Do you have any questions Samantha?”
Sam realised she had only been half listening to her medical report. She had been thinking about the itch on her left leg inside the plaster cast. She looked up, realising she had just been asked another question.
“What time is dinner? I’m hungry.”
In the bathroom, Lolly had heard enough. It sounded like everything was on course. There was no more to do for some time now. Besides, all this talk of food was making her ravenous. She decided to take her leave. She opened the bathroom window, jumped up on to the sink, slid her legs through the gap and the rest of her body followed gracefully.
“What was that?” asked Sam. Everyone had heard a noise from the bathroom.
Roger Blake went to investigate. The room was empty. The small window was open. He shrugged, and came back into the room.
“Nothing to worry about,” he said, uneasily.
James Blake was on Uxbridge Ward on the 17th floor, one level up from his sister’s room. Seven of his other classmates were on the same ward, all with a variety of injuries which ranged considerably in severity.
James had been dozing fitfully for the past two hours and was awoken by the sound of raised voices. It took him nearly a minute to work out where he was. He could feel a pain in his left arm and his collarbone as he shifted his position slightly. He’d been having a strange dream, which he now couldn’t remember. Something about the accident.
James’s whole body felt weird. He tried to ignore the feeling. His phone was in his right hand, where presumably he’d been holding it when he fell asleep. He looked at the screen. It read 14:11. Visiting time. His parents would be in soon. They would have stopped in at Sam’s room first to see if she had woken up yet. He hoped today would be the day that she did. These last few days had felt very strange indeed. In their whole life he and Sam had not spent more than one week apart and even in that time they had been able to either talk or text each other. Seeing Sam in her hospital bed, immobile and silent, not knowing what she was thinking, made him feel very... lonely. Yes, that was it; for the first time in his life he felt vulnerable and isolated.
He winced as a shrill voice pierced through the background noises that he’d become accustomed to in the hospital. In the bed next to him was Philip Randerson. Philip was in a very bad way. He’d suffered severe head injuries, two broken legs and goodness knows what else. He was in a coma and on life support. James did not really know Philip, but he felt a strange attachment to him. A literal attachment, according to the doctor. Apparently when the ambulances had arrived at the blast scene he had been lying on top of Philip, both of them covered in blood. He had no memory of this, but it sounded gross. Because of their burns, part of his skin had actually been stuck to Philip’s and the doctors had had to separate them. James felt sick at the thought of it. He looked at his own right shoulder. There were bandages on it to cover the burns, but it didn’t hurt.
Philip’s parents stood around his bed. James had never met Mr and Mrs Randerson before yesterday, but they weren’t easily forgotten. Mr Randerson was tall, thin, grey and silently authoritative. Mrs Randerson was shorter than James, thinner than her husband, with a voice like a knife. James felt that they seemed strangely out of time. Like they should be Philip’s grandparents, rather than his parents.
Dr Soames, as far as James could work out, was the main doctor in charge of all the patients on the ward. James had seen more doctors than he could count in the last couple of days but he was fairly sure Dr Soames was the boss man, the head honcho, the doc-meister general. It had amused James the way that all the nurses seemed to fancy the white coat off Dr Soames. In fairness, Soames seemed cool. James had no idea how old he was, probably about the same age as his dad. Forty-something? But he had a reassuring manner, never seemed flustered, always appeared to be in control and when he spoke he used a hushed tone that made you listen harder and give every word your full attention.
James was intrigued to see if Dr Soames had met his match in Mrs Randerson, because she was totally going for it.
“We’re just going around in a big circle, Mr Soames,” she said, in a way that made James think she was banging out each syllable with a hammer and chisel.
“Philip should be in a private room. The standard of care that he is receiving here is not acceptable. It took three days just to be able to speak to you to find out how he is. How are we supposed to know what to do, or what to think?”
“Mrs Randerson, I do understand your concern. Philip’s injuries are very serious and he is being given priority treatment. But, as I’m sure you will appreciate, this is an exceptional emergency. The hospital’s facilities have been stretched by the severity of this incident. There are no private rooms available and Philip is receiving round-the-clock care.”
“You seem unable to answer a simple question, Doctor. What we want to know is, will Philip wake up, and is he brain damaged?”
“We simply cannot say whether Philip’s injuries will result in permanent brain injury,” began Dr Soames.
“Then can’t you operate on him to make him better?” Mrs Randerson cut in.
“And I do feel you should move him to a private room to aid him in his recovery,” added Mr Randerson.
Poor Philip. James wondered if he could hear the furore around his bed. James had sat by Philip’s bed yesterday and tried talking to him, to see if he would wake up. He didn’t really know what to say because he had barely spoken to Philip before, despite being in his class. He had found Philip a bit odd, but basically harmless. He had felt sorry for him on occasion as he’d often seen Philip being picked on, usually by Emma Venton.
Tuning back into the argument, it didn’t seem to be going well for either side.
“You’re absolutely right about one thing, Mr Soames.”
James was amused by the deliberate use of “mister” rather than “doctor”.
“This is an extraordinary incident,” continued Mrs Randerson, “and I’m sure you are aware that the eyes of the world are on this hospital right now. We have had many reporters telephoning the house over the last few days and, although I have not spoken to any of them so far because I have been too upset, I may decide that the British public, and people around the world, have a right to know how my son is being cared for. I suspect that the board of this NHS trust will not be pleased with you if I reveal that conditions in this hospital are practically third world.”
Dr Soames visibly bristled, but he was still a long way from losing control.
“I can see that you have an itch that needs to be scratched, Mrs Randerson,” he said, coolly. “I’m sure the hospital can help you stop itching.”
The Randersons looked nonplussed.
James smiled, and felt the phone buzz in his hand. They weren’t supposed to have mobile phones on the ward, but so far no one had stopped him using it. He had received a text message – from his sister! It said: ‘I bet u caused all this! :-)’
James smiled. She was awake! Thank goodness. He’d never doubted she would be ok, but it was a relief to hear from her. He would go and see her soon. He replied:
‘Already told m and d that it was u. Damage comin out of ur pocket money!’
He got a reply quickly.
‘They’ve been in to see me. On way 2 u now. I hear my room better than urs LOL’
He texted back.
‘Weirdy girl :-)’
‘Freakoid!’ came back the instant reply.
Another text came through. This one from his best mate Steve.
‘Is ok mate. Am lookin after ur xbox while ur in hospital.’
James laughed, but before he could reply, another one came through.
‘And I got ur bike. And I dragged ur wallet clear from the coach. Stay as long as u need to in hospital.’
James chuckled. He really wanted to see Steve and just have a laugh. He replied:
‘ur dead sunshine.’
No sooner had James sent the text than his mum literally bounded onto the ward.
“She’s awake! She’s awake! We’ve just been to see her!” She kissed James on the forehead. His dad came in seconds later.
“Hello, Son. How are you feeling?”
James grinned. “I’m ok Dad. Sam just texted me.”
His parents groaned.
“You two and those phones,” said Roger. “I thought twins were supposed to be telepathic. If you were it might save us a fortune in mobile bills!”
Dr Soames, grateful for the distraction, walked over to James’s bed and picked up his chart.
“Good afternoon Mrs Blake, Mr Blake,” he murmured. “You’ll be delighted to know James is making excellent progress. Quite excellent.” Dr Soames seemed to be inspecting the chart closely, as though he was dubious of the veracity of the information.
It was like watching a repeat of Dr Okocha with Sam, thought Roger Blake.
“Yes,” murmured Dr Soames. “Remarkable. Tell me James, how are you feeling today?”
James thought for a second. The pain in his arm and collarbone had pretty much disappeared, although he did still have a strange, sickening sensation sweeping his body, which he put down to his medication. But there was also another feeling.
“I feel hungry,” he said. “What time is dinner?”
Lolly had felt no fear, hanging from the window outside Sam’s bathroom, 16 floors up. She had used the smallest of handholds to manoeuvre from window to window until she found another one that was open. She slipped into another private bathroom. It was identical to Sam’s. She then strode through the bedroom, much to the surprise of the old lady in the bed, and out into the corridor. She paused to straighten her blazer and skirt. It was important to look smart at all times.
“Excuse me, Miss!” said a stern voice from behind her. PC O’Brien was marching down the corridor. He didn’t look happy at being tricked. A bit of bad luck running into him again, but fun nonetheless. Lolly ignored him and pushed her way through the doors leading to the stairwell. PC O’Brien ran after her.
Lolly braced herself and placed a hand on the stair rail. It was finally time to leave. But the Blakes would be hearing from her again – very soon.
She looked over her shoulder. PC O’Brien was looking at her through the glass of the big wooden doors that separated the stairwell from the corridor. She winked, gripped the stair rail with both hands and sprung over the top of it. PC O’Brien rushed through the doors and looked over the rail, down at the endless twisting, turning flights of stairs. The girl was dropping down the dizzying gap, using the various rails and handholds like an Olympic gymnast to aid her descent. Within a few seconds she had dropped out of sight.
Chapter 3 – Breaking News
On the ground floor of Brent Valley General, next to the convenience shop, Jasmin Sharma stood looking into the camera and waited for her cue from the newsroom. Members of the public, jaded now to the presence of the media, ignored her as they walked past. As Jasmin looked around the reception area, three other news crews were either setting up or were in the middle of their broadcast.
Her stoic cameraman, Dave Sturn, shifted his weight slightly and gave her a reassuring smile. Jasmin listened to the voice of the news anchor, Rebecca, back in the studio. At 14:28 Jasmin received her cue and started her report.
“Thank you Rebecca, yes, I’m standing here in the main reception area of Brent Valley General Hospital in West London, and it really is hard to tell who there are more of: patients or members of the media, such is the frenzy that has developed over this story. The shock of the dramatic events that took place on Tuesday evening on Hangar Lane has given way to concern over the fate of the surviving children from South Ealing Comprehensive School.” Jasmin took a breath and ploughed on.
“We understand that the hospital is due to officially announce that one more patient – a 14-year-old girl, who at the moment has not been named – has come out of her coma and is no longer thought to be in danger. Hospital bosses and indeed the police are very reluctant to give out too many details to the media as they say that the safety of these victims and their families remains the number-one priority.”
Through her earpiece, Jasmin could hear Rebecca ask if there had been any reaction from the children’s parents yet. If only, thought Jasmin. So far, none of the parents had spoken to the media on the advice – nay, command – of Chief Superintendent Harden, who was leading the investigation for the Metropolitan Police.
“No, Rebecca. So far, not one of the parents or families of those involved has spoken to the media directly. All statements have been issued by the hospital and the police, and we are expecting another update at five o’clock. The police are still refusing to confirm or deny the stories that have been circulating about an unidentified person who helped to rescue survivors from the coach wreckage. They are only rumours, and of course there has been so little information coming out about the bomb blast. We still don’t know how so many of the children were pulled from the blast area before the fire engines and the ambulances arrived on the scene. And of course, as far as we are aware, no group has yet claimed responsibility.”
Jasmin was on a roll now.
“The biggest question of all is still yet to be answered. Why? Why was the bomb planted? Was it a random attack? These are questions that the parents of these children, and indeed the world, will be looking to have answered by the police. This is Jasmin Sharma for 24/7 Interactive News – news at your command!”
Jasmin kept looking at the camera for several seconds until she was sure the feed had been switched back to the studio, and then smiled at Dave Sturn. He gave her the thumbs up. Jasmin liked working with Dave. He was a good guy, very professional, good company and he was a well-built bloke. At six foot one, he was nearly a foot taller than her. He had a bit of a fiery temper, but he always used it in defence of her, or their work. He’d acted as her minder more times than she could count and she was thinking up a few situations where it might be necessary to call on his skills in the very near future. 
Jasmin gave him a meaningful look. Dave knew her well enough to know that meant she was about to “work some magic”, as she called it. For his part, he liked working with Jasmin too. She was one of the leading reporters at 24/7, despite being only 23. By being partnered with her, his camerawork got to be seen across the world. She was a lot of fun to be with, could hold her own at the bar with other journalists and she looked stunning. There were a lot worse people he could be working with.
Jasmin smiled at the young porter who was getting a cup of tea from the vending machine near the shop. His name was Tommy and he was in his early twenties. He had a vaguely 1950s look with his Elvis-style hair, white T-shirt and boots. He was quite funny and he had an eye for the ladies, something Jasmin had no qualms about exploiting. She’d never had any problems in attracting attention from guys, so if it helped her in her job, where was the harm?
“Hey Tommy, how’s it going?” she asked, with just the right level of casual flirtatiousness, while still maintaining her television mystique. She’d been developing this little friendship since the first day the survivors had been admitted to the hospital.
Tommy, who’d deliberately timed his appearance at the vending machine to coincide with the end of Jasmin’s broadcast, pretended to notice her for the first time.
“Oh. Hi, Jasmin. Good report, I just caught the end of it.”
“Thanks. Having a well-earned tea break?”
“Yeah. It’s been mental today. Well, ever since you lot turned up here with the cameras and the reporters and that.”
“And there was me hoping I was brightening your day,” said Jasmin, mischievously. Tommy looked momentarily worried that he might have offended her.
“Oh, not you. I didn’t mean you. I meant the others, and that.”
“Like the BBC? I know the feeling. They’re so boring, aren’t they? ITV are as bad. So up themselves. I’d rather talk to the interesting people, like you.” As she finished her sentence she leaned closer and put her hands around Tommy’s, which were cradling his cup of tea. She brought her mouth to the cup and took a sip.
“Thanks Tommy. You’re a lifesaver.”
Tommy looked as though Elvis had just entered the building.
“So what’s going on upstairs? I hear another one of the poor children has come round.”
Tommy nodded. The entire hospital staff had been ordered not to divulge anything about the children or their situation to the media. But Jasmin was just making conversation and it felt like she knew everything anyway, so it couldn’t do any harm, could it?
“Yeah. Samantha Blake. She’s the twin. Parents are up there now. Mind you, I reckon it’s all going to kick off up there soon.”
Jasmin didn’t say anything; she just gave Tommy a look to see if he minded her taking another sip of his tea. He handed her the cup, and naturally filled the silence by continuing.
“Yeah. One of the kids who’s still in a coma – can’t remember his name – well, I was just up there in the ward looking for Dr Soames. The kid’s parents are laying into him about his treatment and the fact he hasn’t got a private ward. And you’ll love this – the parents were telling Dr Soames that they’re going to go to the media and reveal all.”
Jasmin smiled. ‘Reveal all.’ Tommy kept dropping in media phrases when talking to her, which was sweet.
“Poor things, they must be sick with worry,” said Jasmin, looking very concerned. “But I don’t think they should be taking it out on you guys when you’re just doing the best you can under impossible circumstances.” She rubbed Tommy’s arm reassuringly. “Thing is, the police don’t want the parents talking to us at the moment, which is right,” she added pointedly. “But I think they will want to talk to us at some point, and the last thing we want is them coming out and rubbishing you guys to the newspapers.”
Tommy had reached that conclusion too and an idea occurred to him.
“Well, why don’t I get them to talk to you now? Not an interview, just a chat. Not bein’ funny, but at least that way you can get to talk things through with them, and maybe if you do an interview with them later, you can make sure they don’t slag us off and that?”
Jasmin widened her eyes a little like such an idea simply hadn’t occurred to her.
“That’s not a bad idea Tom-Tom,” she said. “We’ll make a journalist out of you yet! Are they still up there?”
“Yeah. But at three, they go to the restaurant on the tenth floor for an hour or so, then go back and stay with the kid till early evening.”
“And when are you on lunch?”
“Well, in about ten minutes?”
“Then I’ll buy you lunch in your restaurant and you can introduce me!”
“Yeah? Not bein’ funny, but you won’t get into trouble will you?”
Jasmin’s eyes opened even wider.
“I’m the kind of girl who always gets into trouble, Tom-Tom. That’s why I need a good man to look after me.” She flashed him a winning smile.
Jasmin’s good mood instantly evaporated, however, when she saw a familiar figure shamble up to her. An overweight, boorish, lecherous oaf called Ryan Hawkins. He was a freelance newspaper journalist. A very successful one, if you defined success as being able to get a juicy story while not caring who you hurt to get it.
“Afternoon, Jazz.” Hawkins had a deep, growly voice. When he spoke, his sentences always came out like a drunken football fan’s chant.
“Ryan. Good to see you,” lied Jasmin, backing away from Hawkins’ beer breath.
“Enjoyed your broadcast. Must get together on a story sometime. You can see how the professionals get the big stories.”
Jasmin smiled grimly, said nothing and waited for the awkward silence to drive Hawkins away. Hawkins chuckled, apparently to himself, looked at Tommy and winked. As he walked off, he gave Jasmin a pat on her bottom. Jasmin resisted the temptation to throw the hot tea into Hawkins’s face. Instead, she took Tommy in her arm and let him escort her to the lifts. A policeman and policewoman stood nearby. The policeman saw Jasmin and smiled, then glanced at Tommy a little enviously.
“Afternoon PC Nelson,” said Jasmin, ignoring the woman. “I thought the lift attendant is supposed to stand in the lift,” she added cheekily.
PC Nelson smiled back. “Health and safety, Miss Sharma. I’m not qualified to press buttons.”
Jasmin gave him a wink, then she and Tommy disappeared into the lift.
The policewoman looked at them, then back at PC Nelson disapprovingly.
A direct order from Chief Superintendent Harden was not one you disobeyed lightly, as all the journalists were aware. But Ryan Hawkins had been a newspaper man all his life and he’d never let the law, or indeed the truth, stop him from getting his headline. He’d watched the fit bird from 24/7 chatting up the porter to get her story. Good girl. He admired her – in all sorts of ways. He could teach her a thing or two. Maybe offer to share his story with her later? Not that he would of course, but an impressionable bird like that, she’d be eating out of his hand.
Hawkins was wandering around on the 16th floor of the hospital. He knew that the patients had been spread out around the hospital, although he didn’t know why. But he had heard that the girl who’d woken up was on floor 16. No harm in just popping his head round the door, get a couple of good photos, maybe a word or two from her. With any luck she’d have some nice juicy injuries. Front-page material.
‘Teen dream torn apart’ was a nice headline that leaped into his head. One of the big tabloids would pay a fortune for these photos.
Ryan needed a pee, so he wanted to get a move on. He’d had three pints in the pub over the road while composing his story, which was where he had decided that it needed some explosive pictures. Harden had warned that any journalist found hanging around the upper levels of the hospital, or entering any of the wards containing the children, would be arrested and personally kicked in the balls by him. Well Harden didn’t scare Ryan Hawkins.
Hawkins tried to look like a visitor. He smartened his tweed jacket, tried not to burp and made sure his flies were done up. Where the devil had they put the kid?
He walked past a room where the door was shut. He peered in through the glass panel. Bingo! This could be it. Despite her injuries, he recognised her as Samantha Blake. Hah! Jasmin Sharma wasn’t the only reporter with contacts, and he didn’t need to sleep with anyone to get his information. Although of course, he would cheerfully do so, if possible.
The kid seemed to be asleep. Acting quickly, Hawkins opened the door and entered. He began taking photos on his small digital camera. He pulled back the covers of the bed so that he could take photos of her legs in plaster. He looked about. Did he have time? He reached into his bag and removed the teddy bear that he had been carrying. He noticed that the girl already had one, but his would look better for the photos. He’d charred it in the cooker this morning, and ripped off one of its arms. He placed it next to Sam’s head, under her arm so it looked like she was cuddling it. The money shot! He clicked away. He took a few more snaps of Sam’s cards and trophies, and hastily departed.
As he closed the door he was vaguely aware of someone else heading in his direction from along the corridor. He kept his head down and walked calmly but purposefully back towards the lifts. No one called out to him, so he reasoned that he was safe. He really needed the toilet now. If only he’d stuck to just two pints. He rounded the corner at the end of the corridor and waited for the lift. There weren’t many other people around. The lift came quickly and Hawkins walked inside. Before the doors closed another figure entered the lift, giving Hawkins a shock. It was a patient, but one with a startling appearance. 
The patient was about five foot in height, and Hawkins thought it must be a girl, but it was hard to be sure. The head was completely bandaged, with only holes for eyes, mouth and nose. The patient wore a dressing gown but, again, her arms and legs were completely covered in dressings. It was like looking at an Egyptian Mummy in pyjamas. The girl, if that’s what she was, effectively forced him to step back into the lift in order for her to enter. The doors closed.
“Errr, ground floor please,” said Hawkins. The girl ignored him. “Ground floor,” he tried again.
The girl had her back to him, but he saw her pressing the button for floor 36, the top floor.
Maybe she was one of the mental ones, Hawkins wondered. Best push the button himself. He tried to reach around her, but it was difficult as she moved her body to block him off. He didn’t have time for this! He was busting!
“Look luv, can you just let me–.” He reached forward more purposefully and almost got his finger to press the ‘G’ button. But suddenly the girl’s hand shot out and grabbed his in a vice-like grip. He tried to pull it away but she was phenomenally strong. The girl had a patient ID tag on her wrist. He could see it clearly. ‘Emma Venton.’ Hawkins remembered the name from the list of children on the coach.
The girl twisted his arm viciously. There was a cracking sound and he howled out in pain. The lift jerked as it started moving. Hawkins dropped to the floor, screaming in agony.
“What have you done you stupid–?” He was cut off mid-sentence as, without a word, Emma Venton reached down to the floor and picked him up by his throat. He couldn’t speak, breathe or cry out. His world was rapidly going black.
The lift rumbled on up to floor 36.
Dave Sturn was packing up his equipment. He looked at his watch. Perhaps he could go and get a drink with one of the guys from Sky. He was hungry too. He was almost tempted to buy something from the McDonalds next to the convenience shop. It amused Dave that a fast-food chain should be in a hospital. As he was weighing up his options, something else caught his eye. For a second he almost didn’t consider quite how weird it was. The McDonalds was busy. People were milling about with trays of food, putting coats and bags on chairs and marshalling children or elderly relatives. Two junior doctors sped out of the doors carrying McFlurrys. Amid all those people, attracting only the occasional curious glance, was a patient. A young patient at that. A boy of no more than 14.
Dave recognised him from his photograph. James Blake, twin brother of Samantha Blake. He was wearing pyjamas, had his left arm in a cast and there were bandages on his neck. He looked scared, disoriented and was obviously in some pain. He clearly shouldn’t be down here, for all sorts of reasons. It was like he’d fallen, unnoticed, off a passing hospital trolley as he was being taken to another ward.
Dave was in two minds. He wanted to go and speak to the kid to see if he was ok, but he also wanted to do his job. Almost without realising it, Dave mounted the camera on his shoulder. James saw him and this seemed to galvanise the boy into action. Dave approached James, steadying himself, and began recording.
The kid was heading towards the lifts. A young policewoman was talking to a doctor close by. James was heading straight for them, with Dave in hot pursuit. His sudden movement had alerted a flock of journalists behind him who were now trailing in his wake. None of them knew what they were running for but they knew it must be important if Dave was charging through the hospital with his camera.
The doctor and the policewoman looked shocked as James approached them. They clearly had no idea how he had got down here either, but their first instinct was to protect the boy and get him out of harm’s way. It was the strangest sight, seeing a young, injured patient running towards them for safety, with a mob of excited journalists crashing along in pursuit. The doctor ushered James into a lift. The policewoman stepped in the way of the pack to form a barrier.
As the lift doors closed Dave Sturn was the only journalist who was able to get some footage of James Blake, looking dazed and confused, as the doctor put his arm round the boy and the lift rose back up to his ward on the 17th floor.
Chapter 4 – The Visitor
Roger and Yvonne Blake looked at Dr Soames. The man was clearly a competent medical man, but he wasn’t a magician. 
Dr Soames looked back at the Blakes. Unless they had given birth to Harry Potter, there had to be a rational explanation for what had just happened. He just couldn’t think what it could possibly be.
Dr Soames had been about to examine James Blake and, as such, had pulled the curtains around James’s bed. Roger and Yvonne Blake had stepped outside of the curtain and Dr Soames informed them it would only take a few minutes. He had then stepped in through the curtains to discover that James’s bed was empty. 
His first thought was that James had just got up and exited through the curtains on the other side of the bed. Dr Soames threw back the curtains on the far side. He was facing Philip Randerson’s bed. Mrs Randerson was just giving her unconscious son a kiss as they prepared to go down to the restaurant for lunch. She started at the sudden movement as Dr Soames appeared behind her and began looking around the ward with an expression of comic amazement on his face. Dr Soames then walked back around the curtain until he was face to face with the Blakes again. They returned the doctor’s dumbfounded expression with ones of concern and puzzlement at his strange behaviour.
Dr Soames looked as though he wanted to speak, but instead opted to just whip back the curtains and let the Blakes see for themselves.
Yvonne cried out.
Roger leaned over the bed and touched the discarded pillow, as if needing to convince himself that his son was really not there. The bed was still warm.
“Where is he? Where’s he gone?!” demanded Yvonne.
Desperately trying to recover his composure, Dr Soames summoned a nurse, who came running.
“Nurse Winter, please contact the senior police officer in the hospital and inform him that... a patient has gone missing. James Blake.”
Nurse Lucy Winter tried to work out what the panic was about. She could see the empty bed, the distraught parents and, more worryingly, the visible shock on Dr Soames’s face. She knew Dr Soames and his temper too well to start asking questions. She hurried off to do as she was told.
Roger Blake took his wife’s hand, pulled her closer and tried to reassure her that everything would be ok. This was too much to bear. Both children had survived a near-death experience, and their beautiful baby girl had come out of her coma, only for their son to disappear, seemingly into thin air.
That phrase struck a chord in his head. Something about the fantastical nature of it. 
He held his wife close to him, mechanically rubbing her back, lost in thought.
He had no idea how long they had been standing there when there was a commotion in the corridor outside the ward.
James was being helped back onto the ward by another doctor.
“Dr Soames!!!” the new doctor called out.
Yvonne Blake rushed to the door to take hold of her son.
James was only half aware of what was going on. He felt relieved to see his mum and dad, but couldn’t answer the questions that they were heaping on him. James assumed he must have blacked out somehow and, for some weird reason that he couldn’t even begin to imagine, had been left in a McDonalds restaurant. It sounded like a story in the Daily Mail. The really weird thing was, it didn’t seem like any time had gone by at all since he had been sitting in his bed, waiting for Dr Soames to examine him.
“Dr Soames!!” said the angry voice of James’s helper.
Dr Soames rushed back onto the ward.
“Dr Rajesh?” Soames felt relief at seeing his patient back in the room, but what the hell was he doing with Rajesh?!
“What are you playing at, Soames?” stormed Dr Rajesh.
The two doctors and James’s parents ushered the befuddled boy back into bed. Dr Soames immediately began checking to make sure his patient was unhurt.
“I apologise,” said Dr Rajesh to the Blakes and then continued in an attempted hushed, but in fact totally audible, tone to Dr Soames: “Is this how you look after your patients Soames? Leaving them lying around in reception?”
Nurse Winter stepped in to take over James’s care. Dr Soames’s rivalry with Dr Rajesh was the talk of the hospital and she wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to watch a blow-up first hand.
“What on earth are you talking about Rajesh?” retorted Dr Soames, who had no intention of allowing his colleague to gain the upper hand. “What were you doing with him in reception?”
“In reception?!” cried Yvonne Blake. “James darling, how did you get down there?”
How indeed? Roger Blake’s mind was racing.
The same question was troubling James Blake. The arguing doctors were giving him a headache, the nurse seemed to be fussing over him more than his mum and all of a sudden another thought came back to him. Just before he woke up in McDonalds, he’d closed his eyes and imagined tucking into a Big Mac. He felt even hungrier now and hoped he wouldn’t black out again. He envied Sam in her private room. He wished he could be in one now, no one else to hassle him, watching Sky Sports News while tucking into an enormous plate of steak, chips and mushrooms.
In her private room, oblivious to the events on her brother’s ward, Samantha Blake was sitting up in bed with the television on. It was part of the baffling logic of the hospital that the TV was positioned on a bracket set high into the wall, which made it uncomfortable to watch. Maddeningly, given her immobility, there was no remote control either. A nurse had switched the set on for her and left it on BBC 1, so she was stuck with horse racing. Fortunately her phone was beside the bed, with a note from her brother under it which read:
‘I’ve charged it for when you wake up.’
There was no wifi, but she was able to connect to the internet via 3G and use the 24/7 Interactive News app.
Her parents had told her very little about what had actually happened to her. She knew that there had been a car bomb, which had blown up their coach. She could remember that now. But she had no clue about what had gone on since, or what had happened to her classmates, or anything. She felt very out of touch. In fact she felt totally zombified, as though she was floating on a cloud and looking down on her own body, which was no longer a part of her.
Sam felt a sudden need to try and reconnect with herself. She wanted to understand what she had been though.
She scanned the news. 
Sam harboured a vague aspiration about wanting to be a journalist when she grew up, if she didn’t make it as an athlete. Given what had happened to her legs, she wondered if she’d ever be able to run again. Dr Okocha had told her that her injuries were severe. In all likelihood it would be a long recovery programme. She tried not to think about it.
24/7 Interactive News was reporting live from the hospital! She clicked on the ‘Live TV’ link, and waited for the video to start. It stuttered as it played. The news ticker at the bottom of the screen read:
‘Mystery as bus-bomb schoolboy spotted in hospital McDonalds’.
“Shut. Up!” said Sam, addressing her phone. The footage that the news channel was playing was of her brother James, in his pyjamas, looking frightened and hurt, hurrying across the hospital reception area and into the arms of a policewoman and a doctor. The camera footage was shaky, but he was easy to recognise. What was he thinking, popping down to get a burger in his condition? Stupid!
 Frustratingly, the footage kept staggering at such an annoying rate that she had to close the app. Surely they had wireless in this place? Without the internet she’d go nuts in a day. She took it as a good sign that she was already feeling bored. Lunch had helped recover her spirits and even the comment from the doctor about her being underweight hadn’t made her feel as defensive as it normally did. She knew her eating habits were a source of tension between her parents. Although they did their best to hide it from her, she knew that Mum believed that it was all Dad’s fault for encouraging her fitness and diet regime. Which was ridiculous, because there was no problem. Sam felt that she ate sensibly and healthily. Even more than she wanted to be a journalist, she wanted to be an athlete. Dad thought she was good enough to be in the Olympics one day and she was determined to prove him right. So Sam had cut out crisps, sweets, cakes and meat. She ate very little bread, wheat, or carbs. She ate lots of fruit, salads and soup. She drank plenty of water and smoothies. She was in control.
But she had to acknowledge it was unusual for her to wolf down a lunch, as she had done earlier, without even looking at it. She couldn’t even remember what she had eaten.
Her mum had left her a banana, an apple and a bowl of sushi. She ate it all while reading the older articles about the bomb incident itself.
Her heart leaped as she read the list of those who had lost their lives. The report said that the nation was in mourning at the tragedy. The Sun newspaper had offered a £250,000 reward for any information leading to the identification of those responsible.
Sam clicked on a link that read:
‘Who was School Bomb Rescue Hero?’
The article showed a photograph of the aftermath of the bombing. At first, Sam wasn’t sure exactly what she was looking at. The photograph was dominated by the glare of a large fire, and the sheer volume of smoke made it hard to get a sense of scale. But portions of the photo had been highlighted to show where survivors were lying on the ground some distance away from the wreckage of the coach. Ambulance crews and fire engines were included in the scene. The photograph claimed to have been taken nine minutes after the bomb had exploded. Sam felt a twisting sensation in her stomach as she looked closer. The bodies on the ground were mostly blurs, so it was impossible to say which of them was her. But it brought back flashes of memory. The heat, the noise, the pain – and the panic! That horrible claustrophobic sensation of being trapped and knowing that you are going to die! Then there was that bizarre, dreamlike moment where she felt that she was being carried to safety. And that seemed to be the point of the story. According to the report, every person on the coach, including the dead, had been carried to a safe point away from the coach before it had been totally consumed by flames. This had all happened in the nine minutes before the ambulance and emergency services had arrived. There was no CCTV footage, and no eyewitness accounts, so there was no explanation as to how this had happened. The report concluded that undoubtedly the hero – or, more likely, heroes – had saved many lives.
Samantha sat lost in thought. What did it mean? Should she tell anyone about what she remembered? She wanted to talk to James about it.
She was jolted out of these thoughts as she caught a movement in the corner of her eye. Through the glass panel in the door, she could see someone shuffling past. It was a patient, but Sam didn’t really have time to see who it was; whether it was a child or an adult, or even if it was a boy or a girl. Sam had just caught a glimpse of bandages.
Something made Sam shiver and she didn’t understand why. She kept looking. Another patient limped past. Again, she didn’t have a good view of them, but whoever it was, was wearing surgical dressings of some kind. Several seconds later and another one went past. Odd. Sam was pretty sure that, even in hospital, you didn’t get a procession of bandaged patients wandering around in a line like the three blind mice. Make that four! Another one appeared at the door. This one stopped, however.
Like the others, this patient was heavily bandaged and it was impossible to determine age or sex. The head was completely covered, although there were holes for the eyes. Through the door it was impossible to get any clue as to who this person was, or what they wanted. Sam started a little when a bandaged hand thumped against the glass. The patient remained like that for what seemed like a creepy age, staring at her. Then there was a crashing sound which made Sam cry out in alarm. A collection of objects had blown off her window sill. Several cards lay scattered on the floor, and the jarring noise had been one of her running trophies hitting the floor and the silver section breaking away from its wooden base. She had won it running for her school. It had been her first major prize.
She looked back at the door. The bandaged patient had gone.
Minutes later, one of the nurses came into the room.
“Afternoon, Samantha.” She took note of the girl’s expression and the mess on the floor. “Are you all right, luv?”
Sam realised she felt a little shaky.
“I’m fine. Sorry. My running cup fell on the floor. It made me jump.”
After checking to make sure Sam was ok, the nurse started tidying up the detritus.
“That’s all right. Were you asleep?”
“No...” said Sam, not really sure how to phrase her next question. “Did... did you see those other patients outside my room?”
The nurse laughed. “There are one or two out there,” she admitted.
“I don’t mean to be rude... well, I mean... were there people with a lot of bandages?”
The nurse looked at her curiously.
“I didn’t really notice. Why?”
“No reason. One stopped at my door to look in. Looked a bit lost I suppose. I wasn’t sure if they were ok.”
“I’m sure they are,” said the nurse, reassuringly. She made Sam as comfortable as she could. “Better?”
Sam nodded. She just wanted her mum and dad to come back now. She wanted to get out of the hospital.
“When will I be able to walk again?”
“Dr Okocha will be able to answer that question better than I can, I’m afraid. But I know she’s really pleased with your progress.”
Sam sank back into silence. The nurse left and closed the door.
Sam felt isolated from the rest of civilisation. Once again, she could not hear any sounds from the corridor. Just the hum of the electrical appliances in her own room. You could almost believe you were alone in the whole building. Sam looked out of her window. It looked hot and sunny outside, but such was the height of the building, the angle at which she was sitting and the direction that her room faced that she could not see any other buildings or signs of the city. She was looking out into infinite sky. She realised that she had no idea which floor she was on. She did not know how many storeys there were below her, or above her. The hospital always reminded her of an enormous brick that had been dropped from the sky, landing on its end in the earth below. She’d been here several times before with sports-related injuries and if she ever stood at the base of the hospital and looked up to see the top of the building she always felt dizzy. Like she was going to keel over and the big slab would fall on top of her and crush her. Now she wished she could float out of the bed, drift over to the window and fly out into the world, unbound by her injuries, unfettered by her fears, unburdened in the freedom of the skies.
Chapter 5 – Press Conference
Jasmin Sharma sat in the hospital restaurant on the tenth floor, worried that her journalist’s instincts might have deserted her. Thank goodness for Dave Sturn. She’d had many reasons to be grateful for his professionalism and quick thinking over the past three years of their working relationship. Getting that footage of the kid in the reception area had probably saved her job and the fact that none of the other journalists had managed to get so much as a photo would mean that footage was gold dust. All the same, she wished she had been there.
However, she had a contact that needed to be made. Tommy had said that the parents of one of the victims came into the restaurant every day at this time.
“That’s them,” said Tommy nodding at the man and woman who had just entered the large open-plan room. Jasmin looked up and saw a couple in their late 40s or possibly early fifties. The man had silver hair and a body like a lamp post. The woman was slightly plumper but with dark black hair. They were dressed very smartly but their clothes lent them an old-fashioned air. The manner in which they walked across the floor, the cut of the man’s jacket, the way the woman appeared slightly detached – it made them seem older than they probably were. Mr and Mrs Randerson. Jasmin recognised them straightaway. She had never met them but she had done some very thorough research on each of the known bomb victims and their families.
Jasmin and Tommy watched the Randersons in silence as they picked up a tray and peered inquisitively at the array of sandwiches on offer. Jasmin observed the look on their faces as they examined each roll, sandwich and wrap. As though they were studying the menu at The Ritz thought Jasmin, with amusement. From her research, she knew that the Randersons lived in a three-bed detached house close to the M4. Philip was their only son. Mr Randerson worked for a large accountancy firm, while Mrs Randerson did a lot of unpaid charity work. It occurred to Jasmin that there might be some pretensions of grandeur in the manner of the couple. A belief in their natural superiority to their neighbours perhaps? Or a desire to keep up with the Jones’s; have a better car, the bigger garage, and the metaphorical greener grass?
Tommy had selected a table for himself and Jasmin, and had chosen it well. Once the Randersons had paid for their meal (Mrs Randerson had left the money on the counter in front of the cashier, rather than handing it to the girl, noted Jasmin), they had to walk past her and Tommy to take their seats. As they did so, Tommy stood up and greeted them deferentially.
For a second, Jasmin felt as though maybe Tommy had made the most terrible faux pas. Mrs Randerson looked as though her food had suddenly putrefied and the stench had just reached her nostrils. But then Mr Randerson spoke.
“Ahh, hello Tommy,” he said affably. “Good to see you again. A well-earned break from your trolleys eh?”
Patronising prat, thought Jasmin. But she was impressed that they knew Tommy’s name. He was obviously a bit of a character.
“Yessir,” said Tommy, and Jasmin smiled at his well- judged, respectful tone. Tommy obviously had to deal with a lot of people and knew how to get on their good side. It certainly seemed to strike the right note with Mrs Randerson.
“Bless you, Tommy,” she trilled. The tone of voice, while apparently kindly, made it sound like she was trying to be the beloved lady of the manor. However, pleasantries exchanged, the Randersons were keen to move on.
“This is Miss Sharma,” Tommy continued. “She’s one of the TV journalists. She’s a friend,” he added, a little shyly.
Jasmin was delighted to note the subtle change in the Randersons’ body language. Immediately, the slightly glazed and distant looks were replaced by expressions of keen interest. Mrs Randerson extended her hand graciously.
Jasmin stood up slowly and flicked her hair. She made sure everyone in the restaurant noticed her in her red pencil skirt and Hermès scarf combination. She shook Mrs Randerson’s hand and smiled coyly at Mr Randerson.
“Jasmin Sharma,” she said, simply. “I’m sorry, I didn’t catch your name.”
“Oh, I’m Glennis Randerson. My husband, Dennis.”
It was like meeting the Queen, thought Jasmin, and then realised how amusing ‘Glennis and Dennis’ sounded.
“Are you BBC?” asked Mrs Randerson keenly.
Jasmin could feel her throat thickening as she answered.
“No, 24/7 Interactive News,” she replied with exaggerated importance.
“Oh...” said Mrs Randerson, in a tone that clearly implied disappointment. “Well, keep working hard and who knows.”
Jasmin momentarily envisaged battering Mrs Randerson with her tray and, when that broke, attacking her with a shrink-wrapped tomato roll. What was it with the Beeb anyway?
She smiled courteously.
“Indeed, and I suppose we shouldn’t really be talking anyway,” Jasmin turned down her smile and returned to her seat. Tommy took his cue and did the same.
There was a stilted utterance from the back of Mrs Randerson’s throat, as she clearly wanted to say something but was caught in a quandary. She looked to her husband for reassurance. Even without looking at them, Jasmin could sense the unspoken exchange. 
Mrs Randerson sat down a little tentatively, moving Tommy’s tea and doughnut aside and flicking spilled sugar out of her personal space.
“Tommy,” said Mr Randerson in an overly avuncular manner. “Don’t want to hold you up, my dear fellow. I’m sure you’ve got work to do.” He lowered his voice politely. “I think a patient has urinated in one of the lifts. I nearly stepped in it.”
“It was disgusting,” said Mrs Randerson, looking away.
“Yeah, err, no probs. Sorry Miss Sharma. I’ll buy you a doughnut next time.” He smiled at Jasmin, obviously reluctant to leave.
“Catch you later Tom-Tom,” she winked at him.
Mr Randerson took Tommy’s seat.
“How is your son? Philip, isn’t it?” asked Jasmin.
Mrs Randerson warmed, visibly.
“Oh. How kind of you to remember. Yes, Philip. He’s in a coma. Dr Soames says he has the worst injuries out of all the children!”
She made it sound like an achievement, thought Jasmin.
On the 36th floor, the lift doors opened, and a cleaner called Harry Jacobs emerged into the corridor, carrying his mop and bucket. Harry had his iPod in his pocket and headphones in his ears. He was 26. Cleaning was a job and he just got on with it. It was boring, but what you gonna do? 
He hated coming up to the 36th floor though. It was plain spooky, that’s what it was. The top five floors of Brent Valley General weren’t even used. There were no patients, no staff; just long, empty corridors and wards full of empty beds. It was crazy. Something to do with funding, or politics, or some other crap that he didn’t even care about anyway. He still had to clean it. That’s what the contract said. So he got on with it, listening to his dubstep. It stopped him getting freaked out.
As usual, he started with the nearest ward. He opened the door and nearly jumped out of his skin. There was a body lying on one of the beds. A bloke, in his fifties maybe, wearing a tweed jacket. It was the body of Ryan Hawkins. Harry didn’t want to look too closely. He didn’t know if the guy was dead, or who he was, and right now he didn’t care. He just wanted to get down to reception and get them to call the police. He backed into the corridor. 
Harry cried out in shock. He hadn’t expected anyone to be behind him. There was a patient crouched on the floor, leaning against a wall. It was a kid, presumably, and he thought it was a girl. But it was hard to be sure because of all the bandages that covered the poor thing’s body. She was facing away from him, and he could hear her making a strange noise. It sounded like sobbing. 
“You all right?” asked Harry, looking around him. At the far end of the corridor, he noticed another patient. Another kid, he was fairly sure, also wearing a dressing gown and covered with a lot of bandages. That one seemed to be milling around aimlessly. What was this? Hospital hide and seek? He had to go and get someone in authority. 
The girl on the floor started moving. She was still crouching down, but she seemed to be in pain. He couldn’t just leave her. 
He knelt down. The girl looked at him. There was something almost inhuman about the eyes behind the bandages. She started speaking, but he couldn’t really understand all that she was saying. Her voice seemed guttural.
“Help me... Am I dreaming?”
“No luv, you’re not dreaming. But I think we need to get you and your friends back to bed. It’s not safe up here.”
He looked at the ID tag on the girl’s wrist. ‘Emma Venton. Southall Ward.’
“Please... Please... In my head...”
Harry looked around desperately. Should he leave them? He had to get help. He looked hopefully around him. The other patient had disappeared down another corridor. He was alone with the girl.
Suddenly her hand reached out and grabbed his throat. At first Harry was too startled to react. Then he felt the pain in his throat, the bulging of his eyes, his head feeling like it was going to explode. He saw the girl’s eyes. He thought he saw a tear rolling down the bandaged cheek. Then he blacked out. It was the last thing he ever saw.
On the tenth-floor restaurant, Mrs Randerson had warmed to her theme of criticising Dr Soames.
“Clearly, Philip is not getting the best treatment. I suspect Dr Soames is not really up to the job. I’m not blaming him, as such! He’s clearly a very competent doctor under normal circumstances. But these aren’t normal circumstances are they? We’re talking about the biggest news story of the year, aren’t we?”
“At the moment it’s the biggest story in the world,” Jasmin asserted, sitting back in her chair.
“Exactly. And what my poor Philip has been through... well, he needs the very best care doesn’t he? It doesn’t reflect very well on the hospital, or Great Britain, if the eyes of the world are on us and our children aren’t being looked after.”
“Well, exactly,” said Jasmin, the cogs in her brain turning as she tried to gauge what it was that Mrs Randerson aspired to. “You know how the Americans are with their children. They are like you – their children are everything.”
Mrs Randerson beamed. She prided herself on being a good mother.
“Well, my poor Philip. He’s a very special boy, and only the very best is good enough.”
“It must be awful for you. I’m not a mother myself, so I can’t even begin to imagine what it’s like, or what you’re going through. A lot of my friends work for the US networks, and they’re on the phone to me every night asking ‘How are the children? Have you spoken to the parents? Everyone out here is so worried and we’re not hearing anything.’ They think we’re backwards here in Britain.”
“Really? They’re that concerned out there?” Mrs Randerson’s curiosity was piqued.
“Oh, they’re crazy about this story. And, of course, if it happened that side of the pond – well, you and Mr Randerson would probably have been invited to the White House! That’s how important it is to them. My friend who works for Fox keeps saying,” – Jasmin put on her best American accent – “‘Jazz, what the hell are you Brits playing at? Why haven’t you let those poor folks talk about what they’re going through? Where the hell is your Prime Minister? Why can’t we show those folks that we’re rootin’ for ‘em?’”
Mrs Randerson was wide-eyed now, all barriers broken down. Mr Randerson appeared to be doing some mental calculations, probably financial.
“It feels wrong,” Mrs Randerson realised. “The police have no right to tell us to not talk to the media. Why shouldn’t we?”
“Does seem a bit Nazi,” agreed Jasmin, delighted that the Randersons had been so easy to convince. “Although of course they can’t stop you. Frankly I think if the police tried to gag you, they would have the US marines on their case faster than you can say ‘Uncle Sam’.”
The Randersons nodded vigorously in agreement, clearly enjoying the mental image of having the US marines as their loyal defenders.
“24/7 Interactive News is a global news station,” said Jasmin. “We’re bigger than BBC news in the States.”
Mr Randerson edged himself closer.
“Would you be interested in doing some kind of feature on us?”
“You mean on Philip?” asked Jasmin, sincerely.
“Yes, yes of course,” added Mr Randerson, hastily.
“I think we could. In fact, it might be easier and better for Philip if we had him treated in the US by the very best doctors. That way the British police would have no jurisdiction anyway. We’d pick up the tab for his treatment, of course.”
“You would?”
“Naturally.”
Mr and Mrs Randerson sat back and looked at each other with self-congratulating smiles.
“I think that will be for the best,” said Mrs Randerson, pleased that she was finally being accorded the appropriate respect. “I told Dr Soames that I had no confidence in his ability to look after Philip. He tried to be all superior with me. But you know what they say – pride comes before a fall. He’d just finished telling me how he was the best person to look after my Philip and the next minute he’s lost a patient!” Mrs Randerson virtually snorted the word ‘patient’.
“Lost? You mean one of the children... died?” asked Jasmin, genuinely thrown.
“No. Lost. The boy in the bed next to Philip. One minute he’s there, then the next minute Soames has lost him.” She cackled.
Mr Randerson took up the story.
“He was found by another doctor wandering around down in reception. Nobody knew how he got down there.”
James Blake, thought Jasmin. The boy found in McDonalds. This was an intriguing piece of information, which did nothing to explain how the boy had got there. Mrs Randerson interrupted her train of thought.
“Oh, and dear – you could be a mother one day. If you dress a little less, you know, tartily, I’m sure a nice young man will want you.”
Later that afternoon, a calm had descended on Uxbridge Ward. James Blake was asleep in his bed. Roger and Yvonne Blake were getting ready to leave, albeit reluctantly. They wanted to go and see Samantha again before they returned home. Yvonne kissed her son as they left. James stirred and smiled.
“Can you bring me some sausage rolls tomorrow, Mum?” he asked, sleepily. Yvonne Blake made a note in her diary to cook a batch tonight.
The Blakes left the ward. Nurse Winter came over to see James. Nurse Winter was very pretty and James always managed to find some extra energy to talk to her. He wished he had brushed his teeth. She sat on his bed.
“You gave us one heck of a scare, young man,” she scolded, playfully. “How did you get down to the ground floor?”
Having not been present when James disappeared, Nurse Winter had not appreciated quite how unbelievable the event had been. Dr Soames had been unwilling to give any more details, other than that the patient had gone missing. James didn’t understand what had happened either, so was reluctant to discuss it. He just shrugged. The nurse tucked him into his bed. James was a good boy. The staff were all very fond of him. He was polite, didn’t complain about his condition and was caring towards the other patients. She had felt quite touched as she watched James reading to Philip Randerson yesterday evening.
“You’re a brave young man,” she said. “I’m sure you’ll be out playing football with your friends again soon.”
James felt himself drifting off. He’d been given some more medicine and the doctor had told him that it would make him drowsy.
He thought he was seeing Philip wake up. He believed that he was watching Philip stand up and come and stand next to James’s bed.
Then he realised it was a dream. Nurse Winter suddenly jumped up from James’s bed. James couldn’t quite register why at first, until he realised that some kind of alarm was going off in the ward. The nurse was suddenly at Philip Randerson’s bed. She was clearly trying to determine the reason for the alarm, but appeared to be perplexed. There was a flurry of activity from the corridor and James saw Dr Soames come running in too. But as soon as he reached the bed, the alarm stopped. James could see that Dr Soames now wore the same baffled expression as Nurse Winter. Mr and Mrs Randerson came running into the ward, almost as if the alarm had been some kind of personal summons for them.
“It’s all right darling, Mummy’s here,” James heard Mrs Randerson say as she soothed her son. She turned to the nurse accusingly. “You must have left him!”
“Excuse me?” said Nurse Winter, taken aback.
“He doesn’t like being left alone. Don’t do it again, do I make myself clear?”
Then James could keep his eyes open no longer and he drifted off to sleep.
Jasmin Sharma would normally be depressed at the thought of attending another of Chief Superintendent Alan Harden’s dreary press conferences. This would be the fourth in four days and in each one so far he had simply announced that progress was being made, appealed for witnesses and asked for restraint and understanding from the media. Privately, he had also laid down the law to the journalists, making it clear they were not to cross him.
Today, Jasmin was hyped up. She could feel the blood racing through her veins. She found herself playing with the buttons on her blouse. Her breathing was faster. Her brain was working overtime.
Harden had released very few facts about the case and had not even attempted to give a credible reason as to why he was maintaining such a tight grip on information. Officially it was to prevent the investigation and plight of the survivors from being turned into a media circus. Jasmin didn’t believe it.
It intrigued her as to why Harden was so paranoid about publicity. Why the police presence at the hospital site at all? She had numerous theories, but what she wanted was facts. She was determined to find out what Harden was keeping from them.
Each press conference had been conducted in the open air, in the grounds of the hospital. The police had set up a mobile incident unit on the edge of the car park near A&E. Harden would stand in front of a lectern, using the hospital and a large cardboard stand with the Metropolitan Police logo emblazoned on it as a backdrop. Harden used the mobile incident unit as his office when he was on site. Typically, there were at least two or three other uniformed officers in or around the unit at any given time.
Jasmin had observed the comings and goings of Harden and his officers over the last few days. She had a borderline-illegal plan that she was putting into operation today.
At five o’clock exactly, in the late afternoon sunshine, Chief Superintendent Harden began his press conference to a dutiful crowd of cameramen, reporters, photographers and other interested parties. He was joined by the Clinical Director of Brent Valley NHS Trust, Ivan Reddington. Reddington was a tall, very fit and powerful-looking man in his 50s. Jasmin dallied for a few seconds to look at him. She’d had a brief affair with Reddington a few years ago, when she was 18 and studying journalism at university. She had covered a story at this very hospital and interviewed Reddington. His wife had never found out. Jasmin and Reddington hadn’t spoken or even made eye contact throughout the last four days.
Jasmin could see Dave Sturn station himself near the front and begin recording for 24/7 Interactive News.
Jasmin stood at the back of the assembled throng, holding her bag in one hand and a cold cup of coffee in the other. As Harden started talking, she accidentally-on-purpose tipped the coffee all over the front of her crisp white blouse. It felt disgusting. She made a play of trying to discreetly recover from the shock, pulling the blouse away from her skin where it was sticking. Several nearby members of the throng lost interest in Harden and looked at her. She mouthed an apology to everyone and scampered into the nearby mobile incident unit.
As she was well aware, PC Nelson was on duty. Nelson was the young officer whom Jasmin had spoken to by the lifts earlier that day and whom she had cultivated a friendship with over the last 48 hours. He was the only officer on duty in the cramped and hot cabin. He looked up, startled by Jasmin’s dramatic entrance and appearance.
“Ohh, thank the maker it’s you!” said Jasmin, boldly. “I’m such an idiot, look, I’m soaked. My lovely blouse.” Jasmin started unbuttoning it. PC Nelson stood up from behind his desk and tried to speak, but no words came out.
“I’m on camera in 15 minutes and I can’t go on like this,” gushed Jasmin. “Fortunately I always carry a spare top.” She produced a black garment from her bag and held it up proudly for him to see. She dropped her bag on the floor.
“Errrr,” tried PC Nelson, but got no further.
Jasmin quickly finished unbuttoning her blouse and tossed it to PC Nelson, who caught it and held it in front of him like it was an unexploded bomb.
“Ahh. Actually, I need to change out of this too,” Jasmin added, pointing at her white bra, which was also coffee stained. She pretended to notice the inner office. PC Nelson tried to be gentlemanly and not look too hard.
“Could I just quickly whip it off in there? Won’t be a second.”
Forgetting that he could get into a massive amount of trouble for allowing a reporter into Chief Superintendent Harden’s office, PC Nelson just nodded.
“I’ll leave the door open but don’t look,” called out Jasmin as she dashed into the office. She was shameless! But she’d get over it. In fact she just had.
She removed her bra and changed into her clean top in seconds. She looked through the office window. She could see Harden in mid-flow, gesticulating as he talked. If only he knew! Jasmin had been holding a digital recorder wrapped up in the replacement black top. She placed it, and her folded-up bra, behind a row of bulging folders on the top of a filing cabinet. If it was discovered she’d be in trouble, but she could easily make up some lie to explain its presence. Lies came very easily to her. Hopefully Harden wouldn’t even look. She crossed her fingers that he would follow his set pattern and return to his office after the conference, where presumably he would telephone his superiors.
Jasmin was in and out of the office in less than 30 seconds. She apologised to PC Nelson, picked up her bag and dashed out of the door.
“Hey, what about your blouse?” PC Nelson shouted after her, holding up the wet garment.
Jasmin stuck her head back round the door.
“I’ll collect it once I’ve done my report. Cheers officer, you’re a pal.” And she was gone.
PC Nelson returned to his paperwork but, 15 minutes later, he realised he hadn’t accomplished a thing.
Jasmin returned to the mobile incident unit an hour and a half later. She had seen Chief Superintendent Harden return to his office after addressing the media, then watched as he left in his car. When she went back to the unit she saw PC Nelson; fortunately he was on his own again. She apologised, collected her blouse and said, with embarrassment, that she’d even left her bra in Harden’s office. Before Nelson could stop her she dashed in and then back out, waving the garment at him.
“That’s the closest he’s come to a decent bust all week,” she joked. Then she was gone. PC Nelson couldn’t help but chuckle.
Now she was sitting in Dave Sturn’s car, both of them drinking tea and eating the shortbread biscuits that Dave had thoughtfully obtained from the hospital shop. They started listening to the recording.
“Don’t spill your tea on that top,” said Dave, taking a bite from a biscuit. Jasmin smiled and stole the remainder of the biscuit. In the recording, Harden could be heard clomping into the mobile incident unit. He exchanged a pleasantry with PC Nelson. Jasmin noted with amusement how Nelson deliberately didn’t mention her little visit to his superior’s office. There was the sound of a door closing. Silence for a few minutes. Then Harden could be heard talking on the phone. He must be talking to his boss because he used the word ‘sir’. So it must be the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police.
Harden was updating the Commissioner on the investigation. Jasmin was initially a little disappointed at just how little the police seemed to know. She had assumed Harden had been lying to the press when he said facts were scarce. Turns out they really were. Harden seemed to be on the defensive regarding the success of his investigation. But then came the revelation. Harden was clearly losing patience with his boss, as he raised his voice.
“With respect, Sir, this was no typical car bombing. We know beyond all doubt that there were no actual explosives used. The car exploded because its petrol tank heated rapidly until it combusted. What we haven’t got the slightest clue about is what could have burned through the bonnet to achieve that effect and why it was done at exactly the moment that the school bus went past! My gut tells me they were going for the coach.”
There was a pause. Harden was obviously listening to the voice at the other end. Then he cut in again.
“With the CCTV knocked out, how the hell can I work out who rescued the poor buggers from the coach? Perhaps it was the Boy Scouts! I’m more concerned about whether the coach as a whole was targeted, or if they were after one specific kid.”
More silence, then:
“Well naturally, Sir, but I don’t want to start a panic. I can’t post officers at every ward, revolving door, khazi, or till at McDonalds! So if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to find out why this is happening and to try to protect those poor kids in case the same nutter strikes again!”
The phone was slammed down with a loud crash.
Jasmin and Dave Sturn looked at each other. They had found their story.
Chapter 6 – Night Terrors
Sunday 12 June
Samantha Blake was awake. She was not sure what had disturbed her sleep. She had been having another strange dream. She couldn’t remember what it was about, but she was sure Philip Randerson was in it. What would he make of that? Proof that she fancied him? Why did dreams make you have uncomfortable thoughts about the oddest of people?
It was 01:39, according to the clock on her mobile phone – or her lifeline, as she was beginning to think of it. It was impossible to keep track of time, or even what day it was, without constantly referring to her mobile and the internet. It was the middle of the night and her room felt more like a prison. All she could see were the white walls, the moonlight spilling into her bathroom and the door to the corridor. 
James was lucky. In a shared ward he could chat to his friends, talk about what had happened to them, maybe even have a laugh. And he was mobile. Mum and Dad said that he was getting on fine and was being his usual golden-child self. All the nurses adored him and his class mates all looked to him for inspiration and a sense of leadership. James had always been like that, though. He was a kind of natural leader. Sam loved him for it. She wanted to see him now. In fact, she wanted the reassurance of just being able to see someone.
Sam considered phoning Mum and Dad. But it was the middle of the night and that would just be selfish. She could only imagine what they had been through. The worry, the dashing to and from the hospital, seeing both their children close to death. 
Sam thought about her best friend Nina Palmer. She’d had texts from Nina. She’d come out of the explosion without even a scratch. At the first suggestion that the children might still be in danger, her parents had decided to decamp to India for a few months, where Mrs Palmer’s family lived. 
Sam texted Nina Palmer. She couldn’t remember how many hours ahead India was, but she thought Nina must be awake.
‘Hiii. I’m awake at last. And bored. Thanx for all ur texts. Can’t believe u only got a broken fingernail. Bet u were mad. When u comin home?’
Sam sighed. Usually if she was worried by something, or bored, she’d go out for a run.
 She reflected on the bandaged patients from earlier. That had been so weird. But it had also hammered home how she felt so cut off from everything. A nuclear bomb could have gone off in the rest of the hospital and she would be totally oblivious. She could be the only person in the building. She shivered. It made her want to pee.
She very nearly did two seconds later when a vase of flowers pitched onto the floor with a deafening crash. Sam jumped out of her skin. The vase was lying in hundreds of tiny pieces on the floor in front of her bed. 
Sam looked at the door, expecting nurses to come running any second to comfort her and to clean up the mess. Nothing happened. Surely someone must have heard the noise? She didn’t know whether to press her alarm button or not. It seemed kind of wrong to drag some poor nurse in at this time just to clear up some broken glass. It wasn’t exactly hurting her, but this was the second time something like this had happened.
As she was pondering this, the television buzzed into life. Just static, but it was nerve-jarringly loud. What was happening? Surely this would attract attention. Whoever was in the next room would be kept awake. Assuming there was a next room. Perhaps she was in a room just stuck at the end of the corridor with nobody else around? Sam looked at the trolley table near her bed for the remote control, before remembering that the TV didn’t have one.
Still no one came. No, wait. At last! A shadow fell across the hall. She could see it through the door window. Her heart leaped. The face of the person at the door was just completely wrapped in bandages. Was it the same figure as earlier? It was impossible to tell. Why had he or she come back? The figure continued to look through the glass for a while and then Sam saw the door handle moving.
During the day, the appearance of the bandaged person had felt a little weird. In the middle of the night it was frightening! It was not as though this person was likely to mean her any harm but, lying immobile in the bed, Sam felt horribly vulnerable. 
The door opened and the figure walked in with a measured slowness. Sam was fairly sure it was a girl, although the number of bandages made it hard to be sure. The patient uttered no sound.
“Hello,” said Sam. She tried to peer closer, to look into the patient’s eyes to see if she could recognise the person. The bandaged figure came closer, still not speaking, but just with the inscrutable eyes staring at her.
Sam was severely freaked out now. She shifted slightly in her bed, but this only succeeded in delivering a shooting pain into her right leg.
“Are you lost?” asked Sam, hearing the fear in her own voice. Was she dreaming? Please let her be dreaming. Please let it be the medication giving her hallucinations. The figure was walking slowly towards her, like an Egyptian mummy from a horror movie. The glass fragments from the smashed vase crunched under the bandaged foot of the approaching figure. It appeared not to even be aware of them.
The figure was standing right next to Sam now, the head leaning slightly forward as if trying to peer into her eyes to work out who she was. Sam couldn’t move her legs but she could move her arms and she raised them towards her head protectively. A bandaged hand reached out towards her face. She was unsure of whether to touch the patient’s arm, because if the person was severely burned then taking hold of their wrist could be intensely painful.
Sam moved her left hand to block the bandaged hand from touching her head. The hand just kept coming closer.
“Stop it. Please. Please stop,” said Sam, trying not to cry. James had made her watch several horror films with him, and each time it had given her nightmares. Now it felt like she was in one.
Sam finally took hold of the patient’s wrist. She was jolted when she saw the identification bracelet that was looped around the bandages. It read:
‘Emma Venton’.
Sam jumped as a second bandaged hand came up and touched her hair. She screamed.
“Get away from me!!!!”
The hand stopped. Sam continued to scream.
The eyes of Emma Venton looked out through the mask of white wrappings. They were emotionless. As slowly and deliberately as she had entered the room, the girl departed.
Sam sat on the bed, gasping for breath. This time she had no qualms about pressing her alarm button to call a nurse, or doctor, or anyone. Nothing happened. No noise, no response, nothing. She pressed it again. Still nothing. Desperately, she stabbed at the button again and again, feeling like a horribly cruel joke was being played on her.
“Help me!!!!” she screamed out at the top of her voice. “Heeeeeeeeeeelllp meeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!”
She tried to move her body, but it was useless. Her legs wouldn’t move and the plaster casts seemed to weigh a ton. She looked around her. The sound of the television was cutting through her. Her body was shivering.
“Sam?”
She looked back at the door and nearly fainted with relief. Her brother James was standing in the doorway, clearly trying to understand what was happening. He was wrapped up in his thick blue dressing gown from home. 
James saw the smashed vase, the water and the flowers strewn over the floor. He could hear his sister crying and the blaring noise of the television.
“James! James please help me!” James hurried to his sister’s bedside, avoiding the glass fragments.
“What’s the matter? What’s happened?”
“Emma! Emma Venton. She was in here. She scared me!”
James hugged his sister as best he could. The plaster cast on his left arm made him feel useless.
“It’s ok. It’s ok, she’s gone now. She didn’t hurt you, did she?”
Sam forced herself to calm down.
“No. No. But what was she doing here? She totally freaked me out. She just came in, didn’t say anything, just came in and... touched my hair.”
It sounded silly now. It was hard to do justice to the macabre nature of what had happened.
“Did you see her? In the corridor? Did you pass her?”
James looked into Sam’s eyes. He had never seen his sister so scared. Perhaps she’d had a nightmare. The TV was blaring. He got up and switched it off. She could have fallen asleep in front of a programme. She’d been given so much medication, much like himself. He too had had the weirdest dreams over the last few days, waking up not knowing where he was.
“It’s ok, Sam. It’s ok,” he hugged her again. “You’re safe. It was probably just a really bad dream.”
Sam shook her head vehemently.
“It wasn’t. I promise you it wasn’t. I saw her. She touched my head, I felt it.”
“Ok, ok. She’s gone now. I don’t think she would have hurt you.”
Sam nodded, feeling much better. The presence of her brother had restored her strength. In fact, she suddenly realised that she was just glad to know that she wasn’t alone in the building.
“You ok, Little Sis?”
“Ok, Big Bro,” she replied wanly, smiling. This was one of their rituals; something they said to each other if one was feeling down. James was born one hour before Sam so, technically, he was her big brother.
“I’m so glad you’re here. But it’s one in the morning. What are you doing out of bed?” 
“I woke up. They gave me some medicine earlier and that knocked me out. So when I woke up, I couldn’t get back to sleep. I was hungry, so I went looking for food.”
“So you came to nick mine?” she said, laughing.
“I was sure Mum and Dad would have brought you some too, but I knew you wouldn’t have eaten it.”
She laughed.
“I hate you. I thought you came to see me.”
“I did. Lucky I did, really.” Despite this, James started to look through her bedside locker.
“I don’t believe it. You really haven’t got anything? You? Mum must have left you something.”
“She did,” said Sam, hearing a defensive tone in her own voice. “But I ate it. Anyway, your greediness is now on national television. It was on the news. Only you could survive a terrorist bomb and then go down to McDonalds.”
It was James’s turn to look defensive.
“Yeaahh. Well, I don’t really know what happened there. I think Mum and Dad were weirded out a bit. One minute I was in bed, and I think I fell asleep. Next minute I’m down in McDonalds in my pyjamas.”
Sam giggled.
“Lucky it wasn’t one of those hospital gowns. In fact, I don’t want to think about that. It’s too gross.”
“Would have put people off their burgers, wouldn’t it?” joked James. He looked at Sam, suddenly serious again. “Nothing weird has happened to you, has it? Apart from whatever just happened I mean?”
“Oh my God! No, nothing like that. I can’t exactly leave my bed, can I, and if it was me they’d probably find me in the gym, but I think I’d get dressed first.” She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. “I’ve got to be honest. I don’t know how I feel. I’ve only been awake for a day. I feel as though I should feel worse than I do. I don’t feel in a lot of pain, but I do feel funny. But some weird things have been happening. My flowers threw themselves onto the floor. My running trophy did it earlier. The TV came on by itself. And I really, really just want to go home and be in my own bedroom looking up at Johnny Depp on my ceiling, rather than your ugly mug.”
James grinned, but he shared the sense of unease and fear that his sister had just expressed. He had been told repeatedly that he was a brave young man, and he’d been through a terrible experience that no one should have to go through. He kind of understood that. But there was something else on top of all that. He felt that Samantha shared that feeling too.
“And my stupid alarm isn’t working,” added Sam, crossly, feeling more in control by being grouchy. “So obviously no one cares if I live or die.”
“I’ll see if I can find a nurse. I didn’t see anyone outside.”
Sam touched his arm. She didn’t want him to leave her. She wanted him to sit by her bedside until Mum and Dad arrived tomorrow, but she wasn’t going to admit that, not even to James. He seemed to understand. Perhaps that was why he had come here himself. The need to make contact with his twin. The dislike of being apart. The sense of loss.
“I won’t be a second,” he said, reassuringly. “I think they should make sure you’re all right. And I’ll see if I can find out what happened to Emma.”
Sam nodded. James got up, carefully made his way back around the wreckage of the vase, and got to the door.
“I’m still going to run in the Olympics one day,” said Sam.
“I know,” said James. “I’ll be cheering you at the finish line.”
He left the room. Sam shivered. She was alone again and she hated it.
The hospital felt very different at night, James decided. Previously, he had only gone walking about during the day and had slept soundly throughout the night. The lights were dimmer now, almost reddish in tinge. There were unidentified noises and creepy echoes.
Sam’s private room was situated off a long corridor. James peered into some of the wards that he passed on the way. Some were children’s wards, others contained adults. The hospital must be huge. James couldn’t even begin to imagine how many patients it would take to fill up 36 floors.
People seemed to be sleeping peacefully while nurses bustled around looking incredibly busy. For some reason they reminded James of ants. They seemed to have lost some of their usual kindness. Several of them swept right past him without even giving him a look, cutting off his “excuse me” and other attempts at making himself heard. Not wishing to be impolite or get in their way, he carried on until he found the next ward’s reception desk. Several times he had to dart out of the way of a nurse in order to avoid being knocked over or simply to avoid jarring his plaster cast. He found a stern-looking nurse at the reception area who didn’t even look up at him as he stood in front of her.
“Ummm. I’m sorry.” Arrrghhh! Why did he always say ‘I’m sorry’ all the time when speaking to someone? Was there really anything to say sorry about just for beginning a conversation? The worst time had been in Pizza Express where he’d taken his previous girlfriend, Sophia, hoping to impress her. He’d found himself saying ‘thank you’, ‘cheers’ and ‘sorry’ every two minutes as the waiting staff brought an endless succession of glasses, bottles, black pepper, parmesan and their meals to the table.
“Sorry, excuse me.” That was even worse! And yet the nurse still didn’t look at him.
“Sorry, excuse me, ummm, I know you’re busy but it’s just that my sister really needs some help. Her alarm didn’t go off and–”.
He stopped as the nurse picked up the desk telephone and started dialling a number.
“Actually that’s quite rude,” said James, feeling his polite-young-man routine wearing a little thin and his blood start to boil. “You may be busy, and you’re probably underpaid, but you could at least listen to what I’m saying. I’m really worried about my sister in room seven”.
Still the nurse ignored him.
“Right, you rude–”. He stopped himself from going too far. “I’ll go and find someone with a brain to help me.”
He stepped away from the desk and looked back down the corridor towards Sam’s room. It was a long corridor and her room was approximately 100 metres away. He thought his eyes must be deceiving him at first. It looked like a bed was being wheeled out of the room. Surely it couldn’t be room seven... could it?
Then the scream reached his ears. Definitely Sam. She was calling out his name in panic. He took a step forward. He realised why he had been so confused when he had first noticed the scene at the end of the corridor. There were several people moving the bed out of the room, but they weren’t nurses, they were other patients. He took another step forward but a nurse barred his way. He barely looked at her and tried to move around the woman. Another nurse, a man this time, was also suddenly standing in front of him. What the...? A third nurse, another man, promptly emerged from a nearby ward and completed the barricade.
“Now, young man,” said the woman, totally without emotion. “What are you doing out of bed?”
For goodness’ sake! A minute ago James hadn’t been able to get a nurse to even look at him and now three had come along at once to get in his way.
“Please. Please look,” said James, desperately, pointing down the corridor. “My sister, Sam. Those patients are taking her out of the ward.”
The nurses didn’t even look.
“Listen to her,” James pleaded, uncomprehendingly. “Why aren’t you doing anything?”
“Now, young man,” repeated the woman. “What are you doing out of bed?”
James looked again. The nurses all had the same look about them. Mum and Dad had told him that both he and Sam used to sleepwalk. They hadn’t done it for years, but he had seen Sam do it and she’d worn exactly the same expression as these nurses did now. Vacant.
James surprised himself with his sudden turn of speed. The three nurses formed a line across the corridor, but they weren’t shoulder to shoulder like defenders preparing for a free kick in a football match. There was effectively a gap in the wall where the female nurse was standing at least one pace forward of the two men either side of her. Forgetting the fact that his arm was in a cast, James feinted to the left and then shifted his weight to dart quickly to the right. He was unable to resist a Ronaldo-style 360-degree twist of his body as he span around the middle nurse and then darted between the gap of the two men stationed either side. He’d practised that move so many times in football training. Nice when it worked just right.
He couldn’t glance over his shoulder to see if the nurses were following him because of his broken collarbone, but he pelted down the corridor as fast as he could. Sam was still calling out to him, but the ensemble of patients was now taking her round the corner into a different corridor. It took another 15 seconds before James could reach the same intersection and when he turned to head down the same route the corridor was totally empty.
He heard Sam scream out his name again. What the hell was going on in this place? Had everyone gone mad? Why was no one coming to help? Where had all the normal people gone?
He quickly realised where Sam had been moved to. He caught a glimpse of movement from the right side of the corridor. The lifts! He took a step forward and could just see the end of Sam’s bed and a patient in a dressing gown in the nearest lift. The doors were closing. James started running again but the doors shut before he could make it. The lift started to move upwards. He reached the doors and could see his sister through the glass. She looked terrified, and with good reason. Her bed had somehow caught fire. There were three other patients in the lift with her, all people James knew from school. They were wearing dressing gowns, but they were all heavily bandaged.
Smoke was already belching out through the outer lift doors. A fire alarm cranked into life. James wondered if the lifts had sprinkler systems fitted. The lift was still rising but there did not seem to be any water coming out from the ceiling. Would the lift shut down in the case of fire?
He felt a surge of anger and desperation, and a terrible feeling of helplessness. What could he do? He pressed his hands and face uselessly against the glass to look up as the lift ascended until he could see only the metal base. Then a blinding flash right behind his eyes stunned him and for a second the whole world went black.
James opened his eyes. He was in the lift.
Chapter 7 – Investigation
James blinked and shook his head to try and re-orientate himself. He couldn’t focus. He could see fire and smoke, and he could hear Sam’s screams. For a moment he thought he was back on the coach. He blinked rapidly to try and clear his vision. Were the other patients attacking him? A flailing hand knocked him on the side of the head. A body crashed into him. He could feel the heat of the flames and he could taste the smoke filling up his lungs. He started choking.
There was a clunking noise and the lift shook as it ground to a halt. James’s vision started to clear. He was facing in the direction of the lift doors. The lift had stopped between two levels. There was about half a metre of the upper floor visible.
As James took stock, he realised that one of the three kidnappers now lay unconscious at his feet. A second was clutching his head, and suddenly pitched forward onto Sam’s bed before reeling to the floor. The third patient, a girl, sunk to her knees and curled up like she was settling down to sleep.
“Help!” James bellowed in the direction of the doors, which to his surprise opened with the bone-jarring sound of torn metal. Fresh air was sucked into the lift and, to James’s even greater surprise, when he looked back at Sam’s bed the flames had been extinguished. The bed was charred and black, and the plaster cast on Sam’s left leg looked scorched. Sam herself appeared otherwise unhurt, just shaken and teary. He rushed over and hugged her.
A million thoughts flashed through Sam’s mind as she gripped her brother. The bomb; her injuries; those freaky weird happenings in her room and now being kidnapped by her classmates. Sam had hoped she was a brave person, but this was too much. She released her brother’s arm and checked her body for any sign of injury. She was relieved to see there were no new ones. She looked fearfully at the three patients who had just walked into her room and, without a single word, had trundled her bed out to the corridor and into the lift. They were like sleepwalkers, she thought, unconsciously echoing her brother’s conclusion. She recognised them all. Mark Berridge, fastest boy runner in the year, was lying to the left of her bed. The girl to the right of her bed was Thara Khan, arguably the prettiest girl in their year, and the other boy was Kyle something-or-other. He had been excluded from another school and his parents had got him in to South Ealing. She barely knew him. But that was their old lives – before the bomb. Everything was different now.
“What were they doing?” she asked, when she finally managed to find her voice.
James just shook his head, his eyes wide. Now that his adrenalin rush was subsiding and he was sure Sam was safe, it finally crossed his mind to wonder how he had managed to get into the lift. The doors had been closed – hadn’t they? Or was he misremembering? So much excitement, so much confusion; maybe he couldn’t trust his own recollection of events anymore.
Jasmin Sharma arrived at Brent Valley General at 6.30am. Her first broadcast wasn’t scheduled until eight o’clock, but Tommy – wonderful Tommy – had texted her at five o’clock this morning and told her something dynamite. The text read:
‘2 of the bomb kids caught in a lift fire at hospital this morning. Police all over the building. Think they want it hushed up.’
Jasmin had been fast asleep in her Paddington flat. She’d leaped out of bed and showered and changed in record time, much to the disgruntlement of her boyfriend, Alec. When Jasmin arrived at the hospital, she quickly found Tommy. He explained that all hell had broken loose in the night.
“At about two o’clock this morning, the fire alarms start going off. Somehow, five kids had managed to get themselves stuck in a lift. One of the kids claims she was kidnapped by three others. She reckons that her brother rescued her. Her brother is the one they found in McDonalds yesterday. Him and the girl are twins.”
Jasmin’s mind raced. Chief Superintendent Harden had feared that maybe the kids on the bus had been deliberately targeted and that the bomber might strike again. But he hadn’t expected the children to start kidnapping each other. If there was a connection between the bomb and the lift incident, she couldn’t begin to imagine what it might be.
“What about the fire?” she asked.
“There definitely was one. The girl’s bed is charcoal and there’s smoke everywhere, but by the time rescue teams arrive, the fire is out. I helped get them out. Three of them totally unconscious. The twins are fine. First thing they ask for is a Mars bar each.”
“They should definitely be on TV, those two,” mused Jasmin. “They’re like a circus act. Have the other three kids woken up?”
“This is where it gets even odder. The others were all coma patients. No one knows how they even managed to get out of bed, let alone get dressed and do a body snatch. Shouldn’t be possible. They’re back in their beds now and they haven’t woken up. The parents of all five kids have taken it to Chief Superintendent Harden and he’s desperate to stop all this getting out.”
“I bet he is. What about the twins? That’s the Blake twins isn’t it? They said anymore?”
“Don’t know. I haven’t seen them since. Been on other duties.”
“Do you live here, Tommy?” asked Jasmin, suddenly realising that Tommy had been working every time she had come to the hospital. Didn’t the man ever go home to sleep? Tommy just winked at her.
Jasmin considered carefully. She wanted to run this story, but knew if she asked Chief Superintendent Harden about it directly, he’d fob her off. And without witnesses or evidence, it would have no credibility. She needed to get Harden on TV and, if he didn’t want to do it willingly, she knew a way in which he could be persuaded.
Samantha Blake’s private room was uncharacteristically crowded, and she liked it. It felt comforting. Sam was lying on a replacement bed. Her hair still smelled of smoke. James sat next to her on a comfy armchair. Her mum and dad stood next to the bed, facing Dr Soames, Dr Okocha, and Chief Superintendent Harden. This was the first time Sam had seen Harden but evidently everybody else, including James, had met him before. Sam liked him. He was big and a bit scary looking, but he was nice to her and had the manner of someone who was in charge.
When Sam and James began relaying their story to him, it was obvious to Roger Blake that Harden assumed some kind of childish prank had been pulled. But by the end of the story he looked worried, which reassured Roger that Harden was taking it seriously.
Chief Superintendent Harden looked ruefully at the assembled group. He had to be very careful over what he said. He’d feared that some kind of second attack on the bomb survivors was a possibility, but had assumed it would come from a person or persons infiltrating the hospital. He hadn’t expected three of the injured kids to rise up from their sick beds and kidnap one of their own.
“Well, obviously we can’t take any action against the other three children involved. Dr Soames has confirmed that, medically speaking, none of them have come out of their coma since the bombing.”
“That’s correct,” Dr Soames asserted. “I can’t explain how they ended up in the lift, as in my opinion it’s a physical impossibility.”
“It’s like they were sleepwalking,” said Sam. “Like Emma Venton when she came into my room.”
“And those nurses who tried to stop me helping Sam,” piped up James.
The adults looked at each other. Sam hated that. Like they were silently deliberating on whether to believe the story, or chalk it up to childish imagination.
“I have officers speaking to the nurses who were on duty last night,” said Harden. “Given the commotion that was going on, I can’t understand how nobody raised an alarm earlier. I’ve also got people reviewing the CCTV footage.”
Sam liked Harden more and more.
“Now, what about this Emma Venton person?” he asked.
“Emma has severe burns,” said Dr Soames, uncomfortably. “She has been conscious, although under heavy medication. I’ve spoken to the night staff on her ward. They claim she didn’t leave her bed all night.”
“She walked in here. I saw her,” insisted Sam, looking at Harden.
Harden looked at Dr Soames and raised his eyebrow. Dr Soames shrugged.
“I would have said it was impossible, but given what seems to have happened last night...” he tailed off.
“Well, if this Emma girl is the only one who is conscious,” Harden considered, “perhaps we can go and speak to her. Where is she?” 
“On the next floor up. But I can’t guarantee she’ll be able to talk to us.”
Harden found his thoughts interrupted by the sound of chocolate-bar wrappers crackling loudly. Sam was looking at him expectantly while chomping on the finger of a Twix. James was staring out the window as he tucked into a Mars bar.
Harden’s mobile started ringing. He excused himself and walked out into the corridor to answer it.
Seconds later he burst back into the room. He still had the telephone to his ear.
He marched up to the TV and switched it on. There was a very loud, very annoying children’s programme on, featuring CGI characters and squeaky voices.
“Does this thing get 24/7 News?” he asked Sam. She nodded, biting off another chunk of her Twix.
Harden looked around the room.
“Where’s the blasted remote?”
Sam told him there wasn’t one, her mouth full of chocolate. Grumbling, Harden began scanning the TV to find the manual controls. Seeing he was struggling, Dr Soames tried to help. Sam and James exchanged smiles.
“There’s a little panel at the front,” offered Sam, helpfully. Harden saw it, pulled with his large fingers, and the panel came off in his hand. He pressed a button repeatedly until the channel changed to 24/7 Interactive News.
The attractive news anchor in the studio was speaking from within a mass of graphics that swamped the screen. A news ticker relentlessly delivered headlines, while a bombastic music score built up the dramatic tension. It was too much for the senses to take in. The news anchor’s authoritative tones reverberated around the room.
“Coming up, live from Brent Valley General Hospital, the latest on the victims of the terrorist car bomb. We’ll be talking exclusively to the parents of one of the survivors about their ordeal.”
They were now watching footage of a hospital ward. James recognised his own empty bed. It was Uxbridge Ward. In shot, hovering anxiously over their son’s bed and dressed as if for a wedding, were Mr and Mrs Randerson.
Chief Superintendent Harden went red.
“Did you authorise this, Soames?” he asked.
“Of course not,” snapped Dr Soames.
This was the first time James had seen Dr Soames lose his cool. He looked at Sam, who was watching the screen in fascination. One finger of her Twix remained uneaten.
“Don’t you want that?” he asked.
Sam screwed up her face at him and took a big bite of the biscuit.
Harden still had the phone to his ear.
“Right. Soames and I are on our way, we’ll meet you up there. How the hell did she get into the ward without anyone challenging her?”
There was a pause.
“Well, someone is going to get there’s kicked!”
Harden left the room with Dr Soames so close behind him they nearly collided as they exited through the door.
Sam and James instinctively both looked to their mum.
“Have you got any more food?” they asked in unison.
Yvonne produced some cake wrapped in clingfilm from her bag, much to the bemusement of her husband and Dr Okocha.
“Samantha, I think this might be a suitable point to check your bandages.”
“Can we do it later? I don’t want to miss this.”
Dr Okocha looked back at the TV screen. A brief advert break had finished and immediately they were returned to the establishing shot of Brent Valley General Hospital, with the accompaniment of more hard-hitting music. Then it was Jasmin Sharma, looking stunningly attractive, talking confidently into the camera.
“I really fancy her,” said James, through mouthfuls of his Mars bar.
“And you’ve never looked more attractive. She’d be all over you,” replied Sam. 
I wish I looked as pretty as her, thought Sam idly. She seemed to be a very good journalist. Very tenacious. That was the word people used about good journalists wasn’t it? Sam wondered if she had enough tenacity herself to be a journalist. Sometimes she felt she was perhaps just a little too... nice? Would she have the guts to defy someone like Chief Superintendent Harden, just to get a story?
“I’m talking to you from Uxbridge Ward in Brent Valley General Hospital, where the young victims of the recent Hangar Lane bombing are receiving expert medical care.”
James recognised Nurse Winter hovering nervously in the background.
“I’m joined by the parents of one of the worst-affected survivors from that terrible tragedy. Glennis and Dennis Randerson have maintained a vigil at the bedside of their son Philip since he was brought to Brent Valley General on Tuesday night.”
Sam and James looked at each other.
“Glennis and Dennis?!” they chorused, laughing.
“They have been touched,” continued Jasmin sincerely, “by the support and goodwill that has been pouring in from all over the world during the past week and have asked for the right to address well-wishers, and to talk about their own personal experience.”
Everyone in Sam’s room now watched in silence. Sam brushed some carrot-cake crumbs off her nightdress.
Up on floor 17, Harden and Dr Soames had reached Uxbridge Ward. Harden had made himself calm down en route. The last thing he wanted was to embroil himself in an unsightly row that would be broadcast all over the world. By the time he entered the ward the Randersons were talking in strained, hushed tones, to Jasmin Sharma. A cameraman stood at the end of Philip’s bed. All of the other children in the ward were awake and watching with eager fascination. Nurse Winter gave Dr Soames a helpless shrug as he entered.
Jasmin caught sight of Harden and Soames out of the corner of her eye. Perfect. Both of them together. She never took her eyes off the Randersons, though, who were in full flow, recounting their shock, their prayers, and how they hoped that Brent Valley General might be able to give Philip better care. No blame was attached to any doctors, they said, but they did feel that the USA would have better facilities and new treatments.
Jasmin imagined Soames and Harden blowing their respective tops, but they took careful, measured steps as they approached her. Both were wary of being caught out by the media.
Harden adjusted his jacket and straightened his tie. He stood just at the edge of the camera’s viewing range. Soames, equally smart, stood with him. Jasmin could feel their eyes boring into her head.
Jasmin waited for the right point to interrupt Mrs Randerson. She saw it quickly.
“We just want what is best for our son, as I’m sure every parent does for every child in this hospital,” said Mrs Randerson, who was enjoying talking on camera.
“Indeed...” Jasmin put her hand gently on Mrs Randerson’s arm in an apparent gesture of sympathy, but in reality to shut her up. “... and the men tasked with looking after all the victims and their families, and in doing what is best for all, are standing right with me. Chief Superintendent Harden of the Metropolitan Police and Dr Soames, the doctor who is in charge of the care and treatment of the surviving young children. Good morning, gentlemen.” Jasmin announced them like they were arranged guests.
“Good morning,” said Harden through gritted teeth. Soames just nodded. The camera was firmly on them both now. Mrs Randerson realised she had been edged out and didn’t like it one little bit.
“Dr Soames, if I may start with you. Mr and Mrs Randerson, like all the parents involved, are concerned about the level of care that the children are receiving. Is Brent Valley General able to cope?”
Soames smiled and smoothly reassured the watching public that the hospital was one of the most prestigious in the world, and that the children were receiving the very best care.
Jasmin turned to her primary target.
“Chief Superintendent Harden, are you able to give any reassurances to the parents that those responsible for the bombing will be brought to justice? Are you able to say what type of bomb was used?”
Harden smiled and smoothly reassured the watching public that the investigation was proceeding satisfactorily, and appealed for witnesses to come forward with information. He did not want to go off message.
“And what about the other, more recent, incidents that have happened within the hospital? One of the children found roaming in the fast-food restaurant on the ground floor? And the children caught in a lift fire...?”
Harden looked caught out. How had the damn girl found out about this so quickly? He hadn’t even had time to issue a media blackout.
“I cannot comment on speculation regarding events that may or may not have taken place within the hospital last night,” he said, thickly.
“I didn’t say the event happened last night,” said Jasmin, sweetly. Brilliant. She couldn’t believe Harden had blundered into such a basic trap. She left it hanging for two seconds and then switched to Soames.
“Dr Soames, can you add anything? I believe one of the children caught in the blaze is the occupier of this bed.” The camera panned to show James’s bed. Then it returned to press in on Soames.
Soames looked momentarily startled. There was an agonising few seconds of silence.
“It would not be ethical of me to comment on any patient’s condition,” he said, eventually. “Now, if you’ll excuse us, this is a hospital, not a television studio. I’m sure you understand.”
“Indeed I do,” said Jasmin, smoothly. She turned back to the camera. “We’ll update you with the latest developments from Brent Valley General at nine o’clock. Back to Rebecca in the studio.”
Seconds later Harden was at Dave Sturn’s side and made sure the camera was switched off. Sturn said nothing. Harden was apoplectic.
Nurse Lucy Winter, not wanting to miss out on any of the action, made herself busy by checking Philip Randerson’s life-support apparatus and generally fussing over him. She watched Harden square up to Jasmin Sharma.
“You are in big trouble, young woman,” thundered Harden. “That will be the last stunt you pull. I made it crystal clear to you people regarding media coverage of this story. Now, one of my officers will escort you from the building or I may just toss you out the window myself. If you set one dirty foot back on the premises then you’re going to be nicked for obstructing the course of justice. Do I make myself clear?”
“Excuse me, Chief Superintendent,” piped up Mr Randerson. “But Miss Sharma is here at our invitation.”
Harden, remembering what these people had gone through recently, and conscious of adverse publicity, made an effort to be polite.
“Mr Randerson, I did ask that for the benefit of everyone, particularly the children themselves, we do not turn this into a media circus.”
“And we are not satisfied with that explanation, or the level of care Philip is receiving. Philip wants to be moved to the best room in the hospital, before he gets moved to America where he can be treated properly.”
“Philip wants...?” said Dr Soames uncomprehendingly. “Mr Randerson, your son cannot be moved. And who said he’s going to America?”
“Miss Sharma is going to arrange it for us,” said Mr Randerson, confidently.
Oops, thought Jasmin. Hadn’t expected them to jump on that quite so quickly.
“Miss Sharma, when will we be doing the next interview? Should it be at our home for the evening news?”
“Well, we’ll be running this interview for the rest of the day,” said Jasmin. “But I’ll be in touch.”
“You won’t!” said Harden.
“Philip wants to be on the evening news!” said Mrs Randerson, evenly.
“And we want what is best for our son,” said Mr Randerson, equally evenly.
Chief Superintendent Harden knew where to draw the line between good manners and his duty and decided that he’d given sufficient time to the Randersons. While they had his sympathy, they fell into the ‘very annoying’ sub-category of ‘general public’.
Mrs Randerson turned her attention away from Harden and on to Nurse Winter, who was still fussing around Philip’s bed.
“That will do, young lady,” she said in a sharp, headmistressy tone. “I’m perfectly capable of looking after my son.”
Nurse Winter took a step back from Philip’s bed and looked nervously at Dr Soames.
A tall woman with red hair and a sharp trouser suit entered the ward and stood in front of Harden. It took Harden a second to focus on her, so consumed was he by anger.
“Dr Soames, this is Detective Inspector Stannard,” he finally managed. “Stannard, this is Dr Soames.” He was pleased to see Stannard. Soames nodded courteously.
“Good timing, Stannard,” said Harden, brightening up. “First things first – get those two thrown out of the building and make sure they know to stay out,” he said, jerking a thumb in the direction of Jasmin and Dave.
“Then,” continued Harden, “please come and join me and Dr Soames in Southall Ward. I want to take a look at Miss Emma Venton.”
At this point Nurse Lucy Winter stumbled forward, put her hand to her head and collapsed on the floor.
Chapter 8 – New Tricks
Dr Soames rushed to Nurse Winter’s side. Within seconds she opened her eyes and stood up, feeling embarrassed.
“Are you all right, Nurse?” asked Dr Soames. She nodded.
“Yes, of course. Sorry, Doctor. I think it must be the heat. Don’t know what happened.”
“Chief Superintendent,” Dr Soames addressed Harden. “I just want to make sure Nurse Winter is ok, then I’ll come and join you in Emma Venton’s ward. You can find it, can’t you?”
Harden nodded and watched as Stannard firmly but politely escorted Jasmin and Dave from the ward – and from his life, he hoped. It was a pity he couldn’t just throw them in jail.
He looked back at the Randersons. They were sitting silently beside their son’s bed. They’d barely raised an eyebrow when the nurse fainted. Odd people. Occasionally Mrs Randerson would look suspiciously around at the rest of the ward, like a dog protecting its litter from potential predators.
“Mr and Mrs Randerson,” boomed Harden. They looked at him mutinously. “Do not talk to the media please. It could be very dangerous for your son and for the other patients in here. Thank you for your co-operation.” With that, he left the ward.
James and Sam were in a quandary. They were alone in Sam’s room and they faced a decision over whether to tell their parents the bits they had left out of the story of last night. When recounting the facts in front of the doctors and the police Sam didn’t mention how the vase had broken and James had skipped over the part where he appeared in the lift.
Their parents had been taken outside by Dr Okocha for a private talk, which annoyed Sam. She hated being talked about.
She had made James switch the TV off when 24/7 moved on to sports news.
“Something weird happened in the lift,” said James, tentatively, not quite meeting his sister’s eye.
“You think?” replied Sam, trying to make a joke.
“Seriously. Something funny is going on with me.”
“Like your attack of the munchies in McDonalds yesterday?” asked Sam. James nodded.
“I was drifting off to sleep, thinking about that McDonalds. I ate there last time you came into hospital for your appendix. The next thing I know, I’m there. Freaked me out.”
“That’s mega weird. It’s like you just sort of emailed yourself down there or something.”
James nodded.
“And I wasn’t even at the front of the queue. I was right at the back behind some doctors. They should know better than to eat there.”
Sam smiled.
“I think something is mental with me too. You know in the lift when my bed caught fire? That seemed to sort of come from my hand. I was screaming at those patients, and I could see you, and when the lift doors closed and shut you out I was just so scared and I felt really, really hot. I banged my hand on the bed and it caught fire, but the really freaky thing is it didn’t hurt. Not at all.”
“And then I just sort of appeared in the lift. Like I’d jumped into it through thin air.”
They sat in silence, trying to contemplate the significance of these facts. The question that was on both of their minds was, should they tell Mum and Dad? How would they even bring the subject up? It was awful. Sam almost wished she had something less bad to tell them, like she was pregnant or something.
“Perhaps you should write it in a diary and let Mum find it?” suggested James.
Sam pulled a face. “Ha, ha.”
“Is that a packet of Maltesers?” asked James, spying a red bag poking out from under the sheets of Sam’s bed.
“No.”
“It is!” stormed James. “How did you get Maltesers?!” James tried reaching across Sam’s bed to grab the packet, but she swatted back his good arm.
“I’m starving,” he protested.
“Me too, get your own,” said Sam, defending her stash of chocolates. James reached over again but Sam gave him a shove and surprised herself with her own strength. James fell onto his chair and toppled backwards. Sam was instantly sorry but, before she could speak, something very strange happened. As James was falling back his good hand reached out and the Malteser packet dislodged itself from Sam’s bed and flew into James’s outstretched hand. He caught it as he hit the floor, tipping Maltesers onto him as he lay, flat on his back, legs up in the air with chocolates rolling over his face.
Sam’s first fear was that her brother might have caused further injury to his arm and collarbone, but she quickly realised that he was lying on his back, laughing. When she was reassured he was ok, she started laughing too. He remained on the floor as small, round chocolates rolled away from him across the floor, like they were ants fleeing a nest.
“I can’t get up,” laughed James. He was flailing his legs around trying to escape the chair. “It’s this stupid cast on my arm. I can’t get my balance.”
Sam’s ribs were now hurting with laughter, but she couldn’t get up to help because of her own legs, encased in plaster.
“Arrrgh” came the noise from the floor as James exhibited genuine frustration through his laughter. There was a cracking sound and, for a terrible moment, Sam feared that James had broken another bone. Instead he managed to pick himself up from the floor and struggle to his feet as the remains of his plaster cast hung uselessly from his body.
James steadied himself and looked at her like he’d just performed an escapology routine.
Before Sam could speak, Roger, Yvonne and Dr Okocha returned to the room and stood in the doorway with faces that, from left to right, comprised bemusement, concern and shock.
Dr Okocha strode over to James and tentatively checked his arm and collarbone.
“What happened here? What happened to your cast?”
James allowed the doctor to examine him. He was slightly surprised to realise that he wasn’t in any kind of pain or even discomfort. His mum fussed around him, while his dad watched with a thoughtful, slightly detached look.
“How is his arm, Doctor?” asked Roger Blake.
Dr Okocha looked sideways at Roger, as if catching some kind of hidden note in his voice.
“I’m not sure,” she murmured.
“Can you flex your arm, Son?” asked Roger.
James proceeded to wave his arm around. Dr Okocha stood back and looked at him, trying to mask the incredulity on her face.
She tackled James with a series of questions about his arm and asked him to attempt some simple exercises, all of which he performed effortlessly.
“It seems to be healed,” said Roger. He realised there was an unintentional note of pride in his voice. His wife caught it too and gave him a reproving look.
Dr Okocha had decided not to voice an opinion on this to the parents. Instead, she informed them that she was going to arrange for James to have an immediate X-ray to clarify his condition.
When she was gone, Roger told James to sit on the bed with his sister. Yvonne pulled a chair closer to her daughter. Roger closed the door so nobody would be able to eavesdrop.
“Your mother and I have something important to talk to you about,” said Roger, treading on a Malteser. He looked at his shoe irritably and had to ask Yvonne for a tissue to scrape it off his sole with.
“How come James’s arm has healed so quickly?” asked Sam. “I thought they said it would take weeks.”
“It should,” confirmed her dad. “Sweetheart, have you felt any... different, recently? Any... changes, in your body?”
“Aw Dad,” said Sam, flushing red.
“What your father means,” added her mum, stroking her hand, “is since the accident, have you felt any different, or has anything odd happened to you?”
Sam didn’t speak, but then she didn’t have to. Her eyes told them all they needed to know.
“We were sort of talking about this earlier,” James admitted, looking at Sam.
“Honey,” said Yvonne, looking at Sam. “I’m just going to take a look under your bandages.”
Yvonne had been a nurse for many years, until she left the profession when she had the twins. Sam let her expertly unwrap the bandages around her stomach. The doctors had warned her that there would be some scarring from the burns she had received and they had told her there was also a lot of bruising from the broken rib. Yvonne peeled back the last of the bandages and stood back so her husband and James could see. Sam herself managed to prop herself up on the bed so she could get a better look at her stomach. All of the bruises had gone. There were no burns. There were no marks of any kind. Her skin was flawless.
Chief Superintendent Harden and Detective Inspector Jennifer Stannard were marching towards Southall Ward to see Emma Venton. Stannard was trying to brief Harden on the way, but Harden was in a very bad mood and taking it out on her.
“You look terrible, Stannard. The last time I saw a face like that it was on a pirate flag. Did we interrupt your beauty sleep?”
“If I’d known you’d be here, Sir, I’d have made more effort,” said Stannard, who never took offence at anything Harden said.
Harden smiled. Stannard was good material. A very competent detective, easy to work with and totally reliable. At 5ft 11 she was an inch taller than him and with high heels on she dwarfed him. She was pretty, in a severe kind of way, but she was always happy to engage in comedic banter with him.
Stannard smiled inwardly. She knew she’d managed to take the edge off Harden’s bad mood. Like most bosses he needed careful managing. The incident with the news crew had left a black cloud hovering over his head. Stannard made sure that she’d got her biggest, most bad-tempered sergeant to eject the crew from the hospital. Harden would like that. 
“I’ve been through the CCTV footage from last night. It happened exactly as James Blake said,” she reported. “You see the boy wandering down the corridor on his own; he tries to speak to the duty nurse on the desk and she ignores him. He looks up and sees something down the corridor, then three nurses pop out of another ward and bar his way. He manages to slip past them. It’s weird. Afterwards, the nurses just stand there for almost five minutes. Like they’re asleep. Then they just carry on with their work.”
“Have you spoken to them?”
Stannard nodded. “Yep. They swear they can’t remember. I believe them. They all seem like decent, normal people, who temporarily turned into zombies.”
“Yes, thank you, Stannard. Spare us the horror-movie stuff. What about the children who took Samantha Blake?”
“Sam Blake’s room isn’t covered by CCTV. Nor is the ward that the kids came from. But you do see the kids pushing her in her bed and she’s obviously screaming.”
“What the hell is going on here?” said Harden, angrily. “First the bomb, now this.”
“Proves you were right to be cautious about the children’s safety, Sir,” said Stannard.
Slightly mollified by the compliment, Harden nodded. But he was forced to acknowledge that this was not quite the scenario he had imagined.
“What about the Venton girl? Is she on the CCTV?”
Stannard shook her head.
“Doesn’t show up in the footage.”
“What’s her condition?”
“Awake, but seriously injured. Burns, broken limbs, some internal injuries. Bandaged up to the eyes, poor kid. I went and saw her earlier. She was in bed. Can’t see her going for a midnight stroll.”
“Maybe Samantha Blake dreamed that bit? Medication... trauma... she could easily have been having a nightmare. Still, we’d better check.”
They entered Southall Ward. There were six beds in the ward, three on either side of the room. Stannard pointed to the middle bed on the right-hand side of the ward. The curtains were drawn around it. A nurse looked up as they came in. She obviously recognised Stannard.
“Hello, Detective Inspector. Back to see Emma again?”
Stannard nodded and introduced Harden to the nurse. Her name was Susan Kelper.
“We’d like to talk to Emma, if that’s possible,” said Harden, politely. “Or is she receiving treatment?”
The nurse seemed momentarily confused.
“Excuse me?”
“The curtains,” prompted Harden, a little less politely. “Is Miss Venton receiving some treatment at the moment? I’d like to speak to her if at all possible, but I could come back later if it is more convenient.”
Nurse Kelper blinked. The poor cow has been working too hard, thought Harden. It’s amazing more nurses don’t have breakdowns.
Nurse Kelper looked at the curtains surrounding Emma’s bed.
“Um. Do you know, I can’t actually remember doing that? Excuse me.” She walked over to the curtains and looked through them. She stood motionless for almost a minute as she peered inside. Stannard and Harden exchanged glances. The nurse drew back the curtains. The bed was empty. Emma Venton was gone.
Chapter 9 – Floor 36
“So what’s wrong with us?” asked Samantha Blake, gratefully accepting the fruit cake offered by her mother.
“Do you know about us then?” asked James Blake. “It’s like you already know we’ve turned into freaks.”
“You’re not freaks, sweetheart,” assured Yvonne Blake. “There’s nothing wrong with you. But there is a lot to tell you.”
“Can you do the things we can do?” asked Sam.
Yvonne and Roger looked at each other.
“They’re doing it again, Sam,” groaned James. “Their looking-at-each-other-meaningfully thing. We’re in trouble.”
“Sorry, Son,” soothed Roger. “It’s just this is actually a bit unexpected, to say the least, and something we wish we could talk to you about at home. Not here.”
“Why?” asked Sam.
“Think about it, sweetheart,” said Yvonne. “I know it’s a lot to take in, but think of what you can already do. And there could be a lot more.”
“You used the word ‘freaks’, James. And that is exactly what I’m not letting anyone turn either of you into.” Roger Blake considered for a second. He was about to speak when Dr Soames and Dr Okocha returned to the room. Dr Soames had been looking for Harden, when Dr Okocha insisted he go and look at James Blake.
“I cannot begin to imagine how this is possible,” Dr Soames marvelled as he entered the room. He walked straight up to James and examined the newly healthy arm. 
Roger Blake breathed deeply. This was the last thing they needed. He didn’t want Dr Okocha examining Sam’s healed burns either. He had already made up his mind.
“Doctors, I’ve decided to take Samantha and James out of the hospital. Out of London.”
It took Dr Soames several seconds before he registered Roger’s statement.
“What? Why?” He looked more disappointed than concerned.
“I don’t think it is safe for either of the children to be here any longer. It’s not a reflection on either of you as doctors but, given what happened last night, I want them out of here.”
“Please, Mr and Mrs Blake,” Dr Okocha stepped in. “I do understand your concerns, but I think it might be dangerous to have either Samantha or James moved. I could not possibly sign Samantha’s release.”
“Too bad. They’re not staying,” said Roger, bluntly.
Chief Superintendent Harden burst into the room.
“Dr Soames! Emma Venton has disappeared!”
“I beg your pardon?” Dr Soames was starting to wonder if he shouldn’t leave London too. This was getting too much.
Harden was fuming. “She just got up out of her bed and walked past the dopey nurse who didn’t see a thing. Like your other sleepwalking angels who wander the corridors at night. Do you have a problem with staff stealing from the medicine cupboard in this hospital?”
Dr Soames glowered.
“Well, that just puts the tin hat on it!” declared Roger Blake. “This isn’t a hospital – it’s a game show. Well, I’m taking my children out of here before they disappear too. Dr Okocha, I want you to make arrangements to have Samantha discharged. Mr Harden, I would be grateful if you lend any authority you can to that request.”
Roger was expecting a fight from Harden but, to his surprise, he just nodded. Harden had no idea what the hell was going on in this madhouse, but the twins seemed to be in more danger than the other patients. Getting them out of this hospital might be the safest option.
“I agree. But I want them moved in secret. No one is to know, especially the media. As far as the world is concerned, they are still in here.”
Roger was impressed. He had decided that they would all go and stay with his own parents, who lived in a farmhouse in Suffolk. It would suit them better if they could retain a very low profile and that would be difficult with the media following the story so closely. If they could get to his parents’ house in secret, they would be safe. For many other reasons, which he would explain later to the children, it would be better for them to stay with their grandparents.
“Very well,” said Dr Okocha. “I’ll begin making the arrangements. But it won’t be possible today. We’ll have Samantha released tomorrow. In the meantime I want to give her X-rays, check her burns and bruises and we’ll do James’s X-rays now. Ahh, Tommy–” she broke off as Tommy appeared at the door, pushing a trolley. “James, you have to go down to X-ray on the trolley, so if you can get on the bed, please.”
James obliged. Tommy wheeled him away.
Harden nodded at Roger.
“Do you know where you are taking them? Not home, I take it?”
Roger shook his head.
“All right,” said Harden. “We’ll discuss the details in private. I’ll lay on police protection for you to take her wherever you need to go.” He turned back to Dr Soames. “I need to find Emma Venton, discreetly. I don’t want it to be broadcast on the news. This is a big old building, and I only have a limited number of officers for the search, so you’ll need to put the word out to the staff to keep their eyes peeled.”
Harden and Soames left the room looking, thought Sam with amusement, like some kind of comedy double act.
“Right,” said Dr Okocha when they had departed. “Samantha. Let’s take a look at your bandages.”
Roger took a deep breath. He had no choice but to let her do it.
On the second floor of the hospital, Detective Constable Bowser sat in the CCTV control room studying the endless hours of footage from the hospital tapes. His eyes felt like they were burned to a crisp. He had been called in at three o’freakin-clock this morning to Brent Valley General. He knew that anything to do with the hospital was a big deal at the moment because of the bomb. But, really. Kids playing hide and seek in a lift? Did that really warrant all this effort? He had studied all the CCTV footage from floors 16 and 17 for the previous 24 hour-period and made his report to DI Stannard. He thought that would mean going back to bed. But no, the guv’ wanted him to review the tapes of every other floor. She also wanted him to interview the nurses whom James Blake had encountered in the corridor the previous night, the so-called ‘sleepwalkers’.
Nurse Naomi Sandrich sat in the chair next to him, looking awkward. Sandrich was a bit of a stunner, thought Bowser. It was as though Brent Valley General’s employment policy was to hire only attractive nurses. He kept wondering if he was in a ‘Carry On’ film. It was the only thing that made the current job interesting. Trouble was, Nurse Sandrich seemed to know nothing about her encounter with James Blake. Bowser didn’t actually care, he was just trying to think up some questions so he could spend more time talking to Nurse Sandrich and sneaking furtive glances at her legs. 
“I don’t know,” she was saying, as he pretended to listen. “I was so tired last night. Everything has been so manic here and I haven’t been sleeping. Last thing I remember was sitting down–”
“So, do you have a boyfriend Miss Sandrich?” he asked, trying to keep his voice neutral so that if she was outraged he could always pretend he was asking on the basis of police business. But she wasn’t listening. She was looking over his shoulder at the bank of CCTV screens. 
“What’s that all about?” she asked, pointing at one of the screens. 
Bowser looked. The monitor indicated that the events they were watching had taken place on floor 36. The time was 15:07, yesterday. The quality was poor and the image only refreshed once every five seconds. But, right before their eyes, they watched in stunned silence as Emma Venton murdered Harry Jacobs.
DC Bowser got out his phone and rang DI Stannard. No answer. He kept watching the tape. He watched as several other patients, all in bandages, all apparently children, assembled around the dead cleaner’s body. He was so engrossed in the tape that he failed to notice Nurse Sandrich holding her head in her hands, trying to massage her temples and blinking sharply, as though she was trying to stay awake or alleviate a terrible migraine.
“I’d better get up there,” he said, standing. 
Nurse Sandrich got up silently, with an expression like a sleepwalker on her face, and followed him out. Bowser ran to the lifts, still trying to contact Stannard on his phone. Nurse Sandrich walked behind him with steady, measured steps. She caught him up just as the lift arrived. She got in and stood beside him. Bowser was slightly thrilled. Some excitement and a beautiful girl. He felt like James Bond. He pressed the button for floor 36. 
“You don’t have to come–” he was cut off mid-sentence as Nurse Sandrich’s hand clamped around his throat. Bowser was caught totally off guard and was even more surprised to find he could do nothing to loosen her grip. She was unbelievably strong. The last thing he saw, as his strength ebbed away, was the floor indicator counting up towards 36. He was dead before the lift reached the top.
Jasmin Sharma had been manhandled out of the hospital by a very rough sergeant. She had made her nine o’clock report from the car park. Afterwards she and Dave Sturn had decided to make a tactical retreat to the café that was opposite the hospital and were both seriously tackling an enormous cooked breakfast, complete with toast and a large pot of tea. They ate in silence and felt a massive amount better when they’d finished.
Jasmin sat back in her chair and undid the top button of her trousers.
“I think my belly is going to burst. I’ve got an alien inside of me.”
“The state of you,” Dave Sturn chuckled. “You’re like a snake that’s just eaten a pig. Or rather a pig that’s just eaten a pig. I might need a camera with a wider lens.” He looked at his watch. It was five past ten. Jasmin’s next report wasn’t until twelve-thirty. They could relax.
Jasmin had telephoned her boss, Ross Brabant, after the nine o’clock broadcast. He was delighted by her two morning reports and was now expecting more from the lunchtime instalment. Apparently, the statistics showed that viewers were tuning to 24/7 for coverage of this story, trumping the BBC, ITV and Sky. Ross wanted more. He always wanted more. Jasmin was always under pressure to deliver bigger and better stories and, despite her personal views on Ross, she was determined never to fail him. But she had a problem. Getting her ‘interview’ with Harden had come at a price. She was barred from even entering the hospital.
Her mobile phone rang. It was Tommy. He was proving to be an amazing source of information. The conversation was brief. Hanging up, Jasmin recounted Tommy’s tip-off to Dave.
“Harden thinks the twins are in danger. They’re being shipped out to stay with grandparents in Suffolk first thing tomorrow morning. It’s all hush-hush.”
“That’s tomorrow’s story then. What about today’s?”
Jasmin smiled wryly. Dave knew her well.
“Another patient going missing,” she teased. Dave raised his eyebrows, waiting for the rest of the story. “A girl called Emma Venton. Another one from the school. She’s supposed to be bandaged up like an Egyptian mummy – and she’s wandered off.” Jasmin sipped her tea. “You couldn’t make it up, could you? This is TV gold.”
“We’d need to get some footage,” said Dave, stealing her toast.
“I have an idea about that. But we’ll never get it before the twelve-thirty broadcast. So we’ll build it up. Just tease the viewing public with ‘reportedly’ and ‘rumour’ and stuff. But tonight... Dave, my son,” she said, with a gleam in her eye, “ring your wife, you’re spending the night with me.”
Dave groaned inwardly. His wife, Amanda, hated Jasmin. How was he going to sell the idea of tonight’s venture to her?
“She hates me, doesn’t she?” said Jasmin, with mocking eyes.
“Amanda? No, course not,” protested Dave, knowing it sounded hollow.
“Do you want to ring her now?”
“No, I’ll tell her later,” said Dave, quickly. He didn’t want to have that conversation in front of Jasmin.
Jasmin nodded, feeling a little mean but not at all guilty.
“You want me to pick you up from your house?”
“No, I’ll meet you here.” He quickly changed the subject. “This is going to be dodgy, isn’t it?”
“Certainly not. It will be a legitimate, secret, undercover, for-the-benefit-of-humanity, exposé. The public has a right to know.” She grinned, impishly.
“I knew it. We’re going to get arrested.”
“We won’t. It’ll be fine. But bring your secret camera. We’re going in disguise. There’s so many people wandering around the hospital that no one will question us. We’re going to see exactly what happens in that hospital at night. So sucks to Harden!”
Later that day James was back on Uxbridge ward, sitting in bed, trying to reflect on what his mum and dad had told him – or rather, nearly told him. It was 12:25. He had been able to shower and put on his own clothes and he felt a million times better than he had done two days ago. The lunch trolley was doing the rounds and James was eyeing it keenly.
His X-rays had shown his bones to be totally healed. When he had first been brought in to the hospital on Tuesday night, it was thought he might have problems with his lungs due to smoke inhalation, but that was no longer the case. All his cuts had healed too. In short, he had a clean bill of health, and Dr Soames was very excited. James just wanted to get out of there. Mum and Dad had gone home to make arrangements for the whole family to move in with Nan and Grandad for the remainder of the summer. Dad had promised answers to their questions then. James was impatient.
Nurse Winter walked past his bed.
“Are you feeling better now?” asked James. “I heard you were feeling poorly earlier?”
Nurse Winter smiled. “Yes,” she said, sounding a little distant. “Thank you for asking.”
She carried on walking. I must be losing my touch, sighed James. Nurse Winter always made time to talk to him, and she was a very pretty nurse.
The lady with the food trolley, Pat, brought James his lunch. He thanked her and ate heartily.
Pat smiled at him.
“Looks like you’re much better, boy. I’m very pleased. Does that mean you’re leaving us today?”
James looked around nervously, while eating his roast lamb. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to say. His departure was supposed to be a secret after all.
“I’d just like to say, what a nice polite lad you are. It’s been a pleasure. Good luck to you.” And with that, Pat continued on her rounds. James ate in silence until he realised that he had yet another visitor. He looked up from his lunch to see Mrs Randerson standing next to his bed.
“Hello, James isn’t it?” she enquired. James nodded as he popped in another forkful of lamb and potato.
“I’m sorry to interrupt your lunch,” continued Mrs Randerson. “But I wanted to say thank you for being such a good friend to Philip.”
James looked slightly puzzled, but couldn’t say anything as his mouth was full. He was getting lots of compliments today.
“I know Philip appreciates you reading to him and talking to him during the day when we’re not here.”
James idly wondered how she knew about this. He popped in another mouthful to save him having to talk.
“You’re obviously very good friends,” continued Mrs Randerson in her polite voice that always sounded borderline hysterical. “And I know that Philip and your sister, Samantha, are very close too.”
James nearly spat his food out. What was the woman on? He wished Dr Soames would come back and rescue him.
“I hope you’re not leaving us,” said Mrs Randerson, and it sounded more like a command. “Philip would miss you. Wouldn’t it be better if your sister was moved up to this ward? Then Philip, you and Samantha would all be in a ward together.”
“Ladies and gentlemen are typically kept on separate wards, Mrs Randerson,” came the smooth, reassuring voice of Dr Soames. Thank goodness, thought James, polishing off the last of his dinner and moving seamlessly on to pudding. Apple crumble and custard.
“But Philip needs his friends around him Doctor,” said Mrs Randerson, obviously not pleased to see him. “And I think Philip and Samantha have a bit of a special thing going. You know what young people are like.”
Dr Soames caught James’s raised eyebrow and expression that said ‘Nutter!’ Dr Soames had to agree, and wondered whether he should refer the Randersons to the psychiatric department.
“Well, that’s very nice. But not possible.”
Mrs Randerson frowned.
“Not possible? Are they both leaving?” Dr Soames didn’t answer. “Are they?!” demanded Mrs Randerson, her voice rising by nearly an octave.
Dr Soames tried to placate her but it was to no effect.
“Dr Soames, that is ridiculous – you can’t take Philip’s friends away from him!”
“Mrs Randerson, Philip needs to concentrate on his own recovery. We’re very concerned about the level of brain activity that we are monitoring.”
Chief Superintendent Harden strode back on to the ward, ending one difficult conversation for Dr Soames and initiating another.
Harden was incandescent now. How on earth could a 14-year-old girl, wrapped up in bandages, supposedly too sick to even move, evade detection in a hospital? Part of the problem, of course, was the sheer scale of the building. It was enormous. It felt like he was looking for a needle in a haystack that extended 36 storeys into the sky. Added to that, he didn’t want to raise a full-scale alert for the girl and risk media attention. It was something of a blessing that the girl’s parents hadn’t bothered to come to the hospital.
“Dr Soames, is there any word on your... other patient?”
“No,” said Dr Soames, lowering his voice and taking Harden to one side. “Nothing. Perhaps she’s left the hospital?”
“I wish she had. A five-foot mummy in a dressing gown might be a bit easier to spot out on the streets than in here, don’t you think?!” Harden was losing his temper again. His phone rang. It was Stannard. This had better be good news!
“Sir, I think you’d better come up here?” said the voice at the other end of the phone.
“Where?”
“Floor 36. I had a voicemail from DC Bowser. Said he was heading up here and I haven’t heard from him since. It’s totally empty. Everything is deserted. I’m by the lifts.”
“Hold on.” Harden turned to Dr Soames. “Why didn’t you mention floor 36 was deserted?”
Soames looked a little embarrassed.
“Ah. Well. The top five floors of the building are... political.”
“What?”
“They’re not used. There’s no money for them. We can’t afford to staff them, run them, or even pay for the electricity. It’s the recession. But we can’t exactly advertise that fact.” Soames was virtually whispering. “We do let film crews use it from time to time though,” he added.
“Well you could have mentioned it to me. We’ve got a patient missing who could be in terrible danger and that’s the most likely place for her to be, given she’s nowhere else in the building. For–” He stopped what he was saying, aware that people might be listening. He looked at James Blake. He appeared to be staring into space.
Harden spoke into his phone.
“Stannard, I’m on my way.”
“Yes Sir. And Sir…” her voice faltered a little. “I think I’ve found her.”
Harden said nothing. He didn’t share this information with Dr Soames. He stomped out of the room.
Dr Soames stared thoughtfully after him. When he looked at the Randersons, he saw they were looking at Harden’s departing figure too. There was something about their, almost inhuman, expressions that chilled his blood. He felt very sorry for Philip, having them as parents. He looked back at James Blake or, rather, at his empty bed. James had gone.
Detective Inspector Stannard felt herself shiver. She put the phone back in her pocket and looked down the corridor. There were no electric lights on. Only the random stabs of daylight from where a ward door was open served to illuminate the long corridor. At the far end, amid the shadows, Stannard could see a figure. A patient. About five foot high, wearing a dressing gown perhaps, and wrapped in lots of bandages. She wasn’t moving, but she was facing Stannard. Stannard couldn’t see the eyes of the person through the bandages because of the low lighting.
“Emma?” called out Stannard. “Is that Emma? Emma Venton?”
The girl did not speak. Stannard wasn’t quite sure what to say. The eerie setting, and the almost ghostly story that had been told about Emma, made her nervous. In theory there was nothing that could happen to harm her if she approached Emma, but a million horror films were conjured up in her head which told her to wait for Harden to arrive.
Could she, in all seriousness, justify herself when he arrived and say that she had been afraid to approach a runaway 14-year-old girl on her own? She’d never live it down. She started walking towards the bandaged figure. What was the worst that could happen?
Chapter 10 – Learning Curve
James Blake was impressed with himself.
He had watched Chief Superintendent Harden leave the ward and wanted to follow him. He had overheard the woman’s voice on the phone, saying she had spotted Emma Venton. He wasn’t sure if he’d gained some kind of super hearing, or if the woman just had a loud voice.
He didn’t know which manner of leaving the ward was likely to draw more attention to him: walking or teleporting? But James had wanted some practice at the latter and it had proved surprisingly easy. Suddenly he was out in the corridor with Harden.
The one thing James hadn’t considered was the fact that if he was sitting in his bed when he teleported, upon landing in the corridor he would still be in the seated position. Feeling slightly ridiculous, James quickly picked himself up off of the floor and began trailing Harden at a distance.
Harden stopped at the lifts. He stabbed at the button with a long, meaty finger of the law and waited impatiently for the lift to arrive.
James hung back in the adjoining corridor. While he was waiting, he helped himself to a biscuit from the lunch trolley which had been left outside a ward. He took out his phone and texted Sam. He knew she was still stuck in bed, but he just felt the need for her to know what he was doing.
‘Emma spotted on floor 36! Following Harden up there now.’
She replied instantly.
‘Be careful. Wish I was with u.’
James had demolished two more custard creams before Harden had entered the lift. He knew Harden was heading for floor 36 so he could just beam himself up there and keep an eye on what was happening.
He tried to imagine himself on the top floor and was hit by a sudden realisation. He’d never seen floor 36. He didn’t have any idea of what it looked like. He had no concept of it. James hadn’t considered this before. He had started to believe that his newfound abilities meant he could do anything, go anywhere. He’d already given a lot of thought to the kinds of places that he could ‘pop’ in and out of. Now it was starting to dawn on him that he actually needed to know where he was going in order to get there. That would mean having to get the next lift up to floor 36. 
Or! He could run up the stairs! With his newfound abilities and powers, he’d breeze that baby in ten seconds flat! He started jogging.
Chief Superintendent Harden emerged from the lift in a similarly cautious manner to that which Stannard had. The silent, echoing corridors made him feel uneasy. They should have been teeming with activity. The emptiness was disconcerting. 
“Stannard!” he called out. There was no reply. What had happened to waiting by the lifts? She was worse than his wife for wandering off. Harden looked up and down the corridor. He called out to his DI again. Nothing. This hospital was more like a lunatic asylum, Harden reflected. He had no intention of playing hide and seek in the endless corridors, so he took out his phone and rang Stannard to find out where she was. He could hear the soft beeping in his ear to indicate the call had connected. Seconds later he could hear the actual ringtone of DI Stannard’s mobile. The ringtone was the theme tune of CSI Miami. 
It was some way off. Harden followed the direction of the tone. He called out again but there was still no answer. Stannard could be in trouble. The ringtone cut out, so he dialled the number again.
Harden was in his 50s, stocky, but still physically fit. He ran down the corridor to the T-junction at the end, paused to gauge where the sound was coming from, turned right and kept running. He passed a ward. The CSI ringtone was coming from within. He stopped. A sign above the door said ‘Windsor Ward’. The door was closed. The phone cut out. He pushed open the door.
James had well and truly revised his opinion about the ‘ten seconds flat’ boast as, three minutes after he had set off, he was gasping for breath and clutching his stomach. He had a stitch and there was a real possibility he would be sick. He was on the staircase on floor 25. What kind of stupid super powers were these if he was knackered climbing some steps? However, he was fairly sure that his recovery times were faster. The stitch went almost instantly. His phone blinged to herald a new text. It was Sam.
‘Where r u? What’s happening?’
He replied:
‘Nothing. Knackered. Wish I’d used the lift.’
He looked upwards to see the staircase yawning above him. Eleven more flights to go.
The first thing Harden saw when he stepped onto the ward was bright light. The corridors had been dark and most of the ward doors were closed. This ward had big windows and the summer sunshine almost hurt his eyes. Then he saw DI Stannard. The ward contained six beds, all unmade. Lying on the nearest one, in a crumpled heap, was Jennifer Stannard. Harden hurried over to her. He brushed back her red hair. She had a nasty cut on her forehead and blood had trickled across her face and on to the mattress. She was breathing, but unconscious. The blow looked bad and a colourful bruise was already starting to develop.
Harden looked around for her attacker. Stannard had mentioned that she had seen the Venton girl on this floor. Did she mean that the Venton girl had been attacked and dumped up here too? Or could the girl have attacked Stannard? He got out his phone to call for assistance. Then he saw it. It was a figure, about 5ft high, wearing a dressing gown, but the head, neck, arms and legs were all bandaged up. Harden was fairly sure the figure was a young girl but, in truth, it was hard to tell. Whoever it was had followed him onto the ward and was now standing in the doorway.
“Emma Venton?” asked Harden, cautiously. This situation felt very wrong. He wasn’t going to do anything stupid like try and handcuff a 14-year-old female patient, but neither was he going to allow himself to be cracked over the head.
The girl did not reply.
“Did you do this?” asked Harden, pointing at DI Stannard. “Did you attack one of my officers?”
Still the girl did not reply, but started to walk towards Harden.
James had reached the 36th floor. Before he exited the stairwell he peered through the glass that was built into the solid wooden doors. He couldn’t see much. The corridor was dim compared to the expansive natural lighting in the stairwell. He gently opened the door; he didn’t want to make a noise and alert Harden.
He stood in the corridor and listened.
Harden stood his ground as the bandaged figure approached him slowly. Remembering Samantha Blake’s description of the figure in her room, he looked at the girl’s right wrist. He could just about make out the letters comprising the name ‘Emma Venton’ on her identity tag. The girl moved slowly, almost rocking from foot to foot, her legs constrained by the bandages. It was a macabre sight, but Harden had been around and seen some pretty nasty things in his time. He had originally trained as a soldier before moving into the police. He’d been on crowd control at football matches, protests, riots and worse when he was younger and he’d faced down some of London’s toughest criminals. He had no fear of the young girl stumbling towards him.
“I’m going to take you back to your ward now, young lady. But first I need to call Dr Soames and arrange for medical attention for my officer.” Harden held the phone in his hand. The girl was still marching towards him. Harden’s thumb scrolled down the list of recently dialled numbers. He took his eyes off Emma for a second to make sure he had selected the right number. In the corner of his eye there was a blur of movement – then a blinding flash of light and a terrible pain.
James heard a crashing sound as he tiptoed down the corridor. He also heard the thumping sound of what must have been a heavy man hitting the floor. James started running down the corridor to the T-junction. To his right, he saw that one of the ward doors was open. He also thought he could hear groaning from inside the ward. He ran towards the light source and froze in the doorway to the ward.
The bandaged figure, which he presumed was Emma Venton, was standing over the prone body of Chief Superintendent Harden. James could see there were spots of blood on the floor near Harden’s head. Then he saw DI Stannard lying unconscious on one of the beds.
James’s blood ran cold and he felt a terrible stab of fear. How had Emma managed to knock out two senior police officers? The last time he had seen Emma she had been standing on the back seat of the coach, snarling, ready to scratch his eyes out. How long ago had that been? The figure in front of him now was not animal-like, not fierce or threatening. Just cold and faceless. 
Despite what Emma must have done to the police officers, James decided that she was going to get a big old shock when she confronted him. James still had his phone in his hand. He sent another text to Sam.
‘Emma here. I’m going in!’ James put his phone in his pocket.
He marched over to Stannard to check if she was alive. Looking at her closed eyes, he realized he hadn’t got the slightest clue about whether she was ok or not.
 “What’s it all about Emma?” he asked, trying to add some Bruce Willis bravado to his voice. “Whatcha doing, eh? Scaring my sister. Attacking the police. What for? Their dinner money?”
Emma didn’t reply; she just stared at James through the eyeholes in the bandages. Then she started lumbering towards him. James was on his guard. Somehow, some way, Emma was strong enough to knock out two police-trained adults. If she tried to hit him, he would have to react fast. She was less than a metre from him when he was, ironically, struck by the same thought that he’d had on the coach. Could he hit a girl? Particularly a girl who was, in theory, in a critical medical condition? His mind wandered for a split second as he tried to work out what to do. In that moment of lost concentration, Emma’s bandaged right hand whipped out to strike his head. James reacted, but fractionally too late. His arm went up to defend himself, but it was totally ineffective against Emma’s blow, which struck him across the forehead and knocked him clean across the ward where he crashed into a wall.
James remained motionless on the floor for a few seconds, unsure of where he was or what he was doing. He raised his fingers to his temple. There was blood dripping from a cut. He shook his head to try and clear his thoughts and looked up. Emma was walking slowly towards him. 
James recovered his wits quickly and staggered to his feet. He touched the cut again, but couldn’t feel it, and there was no more blood on his fingers. Had it healed? He realized too late that, in his confused state, he had forgotten about Emma. He looked up and she was right in front of him again. He was backed up against the wall, still unsure as to whether he should fight back. The indecision cost him dearly as Emma flashed out her right arm again, cuffing him to the floor. His head was ringing! The force of the blow! 
Before James could recover, he felt one of the bandaged hands grab hold of his sweater and he was lifted off the floor. He felt a panic and a total loss of awareness as he found himself thrown across the ward. He crashed down on to one of the beds and fell off the other side.
James had no idea of how long he lay there, senseless, on the floor. He was looking blankly at his outstretched arm. The sleeve of his sweater was torn and there was a deep gash running from his elbow to his wrist, although all he could feel was a strange itching sensation. As he looked, he could see the blood-red cut fading. His skin was healing. It was if he was watching some kind of sped-up film footage, like he’d seen on nature programmes, where flowers bloom in the space of 20 seconds. He blinked and looked again. Yes, the arm showed no sign of what had been a deep cut only moments ago. Only the smear of blood around the now-healed injury remained. The realization galvanized him. Part of what he’d been feeling was shock. Now, knowing that his powers had given him the ability to heal quickly, he felt a new wave of determination. He could be immortal, for all he knew. Yes, Emma might be able to clobber him like a heavyweight boxer, but he’d just shrug it off. He had nothing to fear.
He picked himself up, but once again he was too late. Emma had rounded the bed, seen him on the floor and swept her arm in an arc, connecting her hand with his head. Such was the force of the blow that it knocked James back across the room in the direction he had just come from. His head was pounding again. Ok, so maybe he didn’t have to fear being actually killed or seriously hurt, but it was still really painful when she struck him and he didn’t want to spend the next half an hour being slapped around by a girl!
James felt mentally stronger now and his recovery was quicker. It needed to be. Emma stumbled quickly across the ward to deliver yet another blow. She was faster this time and in a split second James knew he wasn’t going to make it to his feet fast enough to evade or parry her next assault. His instinct took over. Emma was halfway across the ward, midway between the row of beds on the right side of the room and the left side, where James was slumped next to a bedside locker.
James was aware of a piece of furniture next to him. An idea germinated in his mind. He had an image of the locker moving. There was a tightening in his stomach as though he was lifting a heavy sports bag. One second later and the locker slid quickly along the smooth hospital floor straight towards the oncoming Emma Venton. It slammed into her and knocked her backwards off her feet. The locker then pitched onto the floor. The door and the top section broke off.
James picked himself up. Emma was still on the floor. It was impossible to say whether she was unconscious or not. James felt exhilarated by what he had done. He had moved that locker with the power of his mind! In the heat of the moment, it had been easy. He looked at the ruined piece of furniture again. In his head he saw it lifting up off the floor and floating in mid air – and that is exactly what it was doing now! He was controlling it! That Malteser packet in Sam’s bedroom – he had done that too. But that had been an involuntarily reflex, and hurling the locker at Emma had been instinct. Whereas this – making the locker move around in mid air – was a deliberate and controlled act. It was like he’d had a sudden epiphany. Like the moment, when you are younger, when you don’t really get how you can ride a bike without stabilizers. You think you’ll fall off if your dad lets go of the seat and there’s nothing to balance you. Then you look back and realize he’d stopped holding you ages ago, and you’re doing it, you’re cycling on your own without help.
James started laughing. This was incredible! He was barely aware of the tight feeling in his stomach. He guided the locker back to its original position and set it down gently. He wanted to try out his power on something else.
He looked around, but suddenly, as if she was held on a piece of string, Emma Venton suddenly pivoted up off the floor and was standing in front of him again. He hadn’t done that, had he?
James cried out in alarm, but was cut off because Emma suddenly had both hands around his throat and was trying to throttle him. She was immensely strong. Surely James had super strength now to go with his other amazing powers? He exerted every bit of force that he could muster but it was to no avail. Emma had the strength of a giant, and he had the strength of a 14-year-old schoolboy! 
He was starting to see stars spark in front of his eyes now and he could feel all the strength draining from his body. She was killing him, and he had no idea if he could survive an attack like this. James was suddenly scared again, as he realized what he was up against, and was suddenly aware of his own vulnerabilities. He would be dead before he’d even been famous! He would never see his parents or his sister again!
The sudden wave of rage and fear in him conjured up the image of throwing Emma against the far wall. Even though his hands now hung limply by his side, he could still feel a force within him that was strong enough. And he did it! Emma’s hands were suddenly released from his throat and, as he dropped to his knees, he saw her flying through the air and crash into the point where the wall met the ceiling. One of the light fittings smashed and Emma dropped to the floor.
James breathed deeply. He could feel the damage to his throat being instantly repaired. Thank goodness. But then he looked at his hand. One of the shards of flying glass from the smashed ceiling lights had hit his hand and lightly cut his skin. It was nothing bad, just messy, as blood started pouring out of it. He waited for the healing effect to kick in. It didn’t. He wiped the bloody hand on his sweater and looked again. The cut looked more like a scratch now, but it wasn’t healing as fast. Why not?
He looked at Emma again. His assault didn’t seem to have slowed her down at all. She simply picked herself up and bore down on him faster than before. She seemed to feel no pain; it was like fighting the Terminator. How was he going to stop her? He blinked and saw, in his mind’s eye, the two large padded chairs that were situated next to the beds either side of Emma. He imagined them flying through the air and converging on Emma’s body, slamming into her at exactly the same moment.
The chairs were lifted off the ground and went flying towards Emma, responding to James’s command. But they didn’t seem to have the same force as when he had propelled the locker at her. They were slow enough for Emma simply to sweep her arms out wide and swat them aside as though they were nothing.
James tried concentrating on just one of them, to slide it along the floor and take out Emma’s legs, but it barely moved. He could feel the strain of effort in his stomach.
Emma grabbed hold of his arms and lifted his entire body above her head. James cried out in panic. He couldn’t work out what was going on as Emma twisted around and his own body twisted too, disorientating him. 
A second later he realized what was happening. She sped up as she approached the window at the far end of the ward and hurled him at it. James did his best to protect himself as he went crashing through the glass, screaming out in pain. He felt the buffeting wind. He opened his eyes and saw a flash of lights as he went plummeting 36 storeys down to the cold concrete of the ground below.
Chapter 11 – Isolation
Glass. Sky. Green. Concrete. Rush of air. Unable to breathe. Should never have left bed. Stayed in bed. Bed.
In Uxbridge Ward, every conscious person jumped out of their skin as a loud crashing sound broke the ordered silence.
Everyone looked around to see what the cause of the commotion was. They saw James Blake sprawled on his bed, looking wildly around him like he’d just been dropped from a great height which, technically, he had. His face was cut. His clothes were ragged. He looked wild and he was making strange noises as he clutched the bed, seemingly trying to convince himself it was real.
Nurse Winter was standing near James’s bed, but made no effort to comfort him. Dr Soames had been standing outside the ward, heard the crash, and came running in to try and calm James down. He had no idea what had just happened, although his imagination was working overtime.
“It’s ok, James. It’s ok, you’re safe,” he soothed.
James was wild-eyed. He was hurting, he was tired, but he was alive. Somehow he had managed to teleport himself to safety. He wanted to speak. He wanted to tell them about Emma Venton and what had happened to Chief Superintendent Harden and DI Stannard. But as he started to speak he felt a wave of nausea. He felt as if he had just run a marathon and then played a game of football against Manchester United. He retched.
Dr Soames helped him to lie back on the bed. James could feel his eyes closing and a wave of sleep so powerful that he couldn’t resist it. He could hear noises, but the only voice he could understand came from Mr Randerson.
James could see him, turned round in his chair, calm and unfazed by James’s dramatic entrance. The voice was even and soothing. It had a honey-like quality, but yet was somehow poisonous. They were the last words he heard before he fell asleep.
“We told you that you wouldn’t be leaving.”
Jasmin Sharma couldn’t believe her luck. She was surrounded by broken glass, the remains of the top-floor window. Next to her was Dave Sturn, filming everything in sight.
James Blake’s nosedive had come halfway through Jasmin’s 12:30 broadcast. She had just been telling the viewers that the police were reportedly conducting a hunt within the hospital for a 14-year-old girl, when there had been the sound of breaking glass.
Live on TV, Jasmin and Dave had run towards the noise. Around the side of the tower block, they had found the remains of the smashed window, and some baffled onlookers. Jasmin had managed to interview eye witnesses who swore that a body had come falling down the side of the building. Dave had managed to catch a fleeting glimpse of a heavily bandaged patient through the broken window, using the zoom lens. It was a TV reporter’s dream come true.
PC Nelson came running round the corner, talking on his radio.
“O’Brien? O’Brien? You on floor 17? Get up to the top floor now. Window smashed. Something got thrown out of it. Find out what’s going on.”
Suddenly aware that he was live on television, Nelson made sure he looked composed and in control.
“We’ll need to clear this area, please.” He gestured for the slowly gathering crowd to step back. Another officer came running. Nelson addressed him.
“Molesey. Get this area taped off will you. Better let the Chief know.” 
Nelson turned to Dave Sturn and Jasmin. “Please could you get back. It could be dangerous here.”
Jasmin turned back to the camera. She sensed it was time to leave the report on a high. She wrapped up the broadcast, but made sure Dave continued to film, just in case.
“What do you think is going on?” she asked Nelson.
Nelson was never sure whether to be on his guard with Jasmin or not. He also couldn’t get the image of her removing her coffee-stained blouse out of his head.
“I wish I knew. Maybe when O’Brien gets his backside up there we’ll find out.” He started talking into the radio again. “O’Brien. O’Brien. You receiving me? What’s occurring up there?” He waited for an answer. “O’Brien?”
There was nothing but static.
Fast asleep in his hospital bed, James Blake was having terrible dreams. He thought he was waking up in a big empty hospital ward. His was the only bed, placed right in the middle of the room. He looked around the room. There were lots and lots of doors set into the walls. More doors than he could count. All the doors were open, but it was impossible to see what lay beyond them, because there was just total blackness.
Somehow, in the impossible world of the dream, he knew that something terrible was coming for him. An evil, nameless something was going to get him, and it was going to come through one of those doors. He could hear it approaching. A terrible, slow, dragging sound. But which door would it come through? He ran to the nearest door and shut it. There was a key in the lock. He turned it. The door was secure.
He ran to the next door and locked that too. Then the next, then the next. He must lock all the doors. But there were so many. Could he ever manage to lock all the doors in time? In his dream, he asked himself “Am I dreaming?” He did not know the answer, so he worked faster and faster to lock all the doors.
Later that afternoon, Samantha Blake was feeling ever more frustrated and worried. She looked at her phone. It was now 15:38. It was two hours since she had received her last text from James.
Why had she not heard from him? He must be ok though because he was with Chief Superintendent Harden. Unless he’d got into trouble for following Harden? She hated this not knowing.
Sam sighed. All afternoon, she’d been prodded, pulled, tested, X-rayed and goodness knows what else. She was amazed and delighted to be told that her cracked rib had healed, just like the skin on her chest and stomach. Buoyed by James’s recovery, she had hoped that her legs would be mended too, but the X-rays had shown they were still broken. So she was stuck in bed.
Sam was missing her mum and dad. She understood that they had a lot of arrangements to make, but she had wanted the chance to talk to them about what was happening to her and James. They had promised to be back here at half past six this evening.
It was all so unfair! How come James had recovered so quickly and she hadn’t? She should be out there with him, rather than being stuck here in this room, in this bed! She hadn’t had a visitor for nearly two hours. The worst thing was, she had run out of food!
She looked at her hands. She was fairly sure she had started that fire in the lift. She had felt the wave of heat emanating from her fingers in that moment of panic when the lift doors had closed, shutting her brother out. It all tied up. Dr Okocha kept telling her that her body temperature was worryingly high, and yet Sam didn’t feel hot at all. Her mum had assured her that her skin felt normal to the touch.
Sam wanted to try out this new... thing. She had no doubt that, at the first opportunity, James would be showing off whatever powers he had gained. But Sam didn’t want to be reckless. Fire was dangerous. She could potentially burn down the entire hospital.
Sam held out her hand in front of her. She imagined holding a tiny flame in her hand, like a candle.
There was a spark. A definite spark. Then another. She tried to relax. Tried not to force it.
Finally, there it was. A small flame, cradled in her palm. She made it burn brighter, like she was turning up the gas. It was in her control. She waved her hand around and the flame moved with it. Sam laughed at the thrill of her success. Then the flame died out.
That was amazing. What else might she be able to do? She thought about how she had pushed James over. Maybe she was really strong? She looked around. What could she try it on? There was nothing really. Bending a banana or crushing a grape wasn’t exactly The World’s Strongest Man. Although, hang on – fruit! Whereas a week ago she wouldn’t have considered eating anything else, now the idea seemed almost revelatory. She grabbed some grapes and a banana. She also clutched her teddy bear. She was glad no one could see her. She knew she should have grown out of that sort of thing, but she needed comfort. Which was ironic, she thought, given that she might be the most powerful girl on the planet. 
Sam totted up how much junk food she had eaten since she’d been awake, and it was probably more than she had consumed in the whole of the last year. Why wasn’t it making her feel bloated or sick? Had the accident changed her attitude to food, too? 
Sam examined her body. To her, she still looked fat, although the doctors had repeatedly told her that she was underweight. She cringed at the memory. But then a thought struck her. She was healing, but at a much slower rate than James. Why? Was it to do with her body weight? It kind of made sense that if they were performing extraordinary physical feats then that in turn would burn off more energy, and they would need to eat more. James, the greedy pig, had always stuffed his face, which would explain his faster recovery.
Sam finished off all the fruit in the bowl.
She looked at her phone again and sent James yet another text, asking how and where he was.
She idly scanned the internet. She looked up the 24/7 News channel, as that seemed to be the only way to actually find out what was going on around here.
Her heart skipped a beat when she saw the headline.
Breaking News – School Bus Bombing – Were Twins Targeted?
Fears that teenage twins were targeted in terror attack, amid reports of SECOND strike in victims’ hospital!
Sam read on.
Jasmin Sharma was perched on PC Nelson’s desk, drinking coffee. Nelson was surprised to discover how quickly he had got used to Jasmin’s company. He didn’t like being stuck on his own in the mobile incident unit cabin. It felt good to be able to impress someone by being positive and dynamic. And, to be honest with himself, he just couldn’t stop looking at Jasmin’s incredibly short skirt and her perfect bare legs, which she was swinging off the edge of the desk.
“I’ve got Molesey – I mean, PC Mole – looking after the cordoned-off area underneath the broken window, keeping the riff raff back. Old O’Brien finally reported in. He’s still up on the top floor. He said that the Chief has taken charge. The top five floors of the hospital are empty, so the Chief has had them taped off as well.”
“What actually happened, though?” asked Jasmin.
“Security alert,” said Nelson, dramatically. “But it’s not that bad or they would have evacuated the hospital,” he conceded. “Probably a workman has left his lunchbox up there or chucked his hammer out the window.”
“What about the missing girl? She was up there. I saw her.”
Nelson shrugged.
“I guess that’s why the Chief is up there. I’m waiting for orders now.”
Jasmin smiled.
“More coffee?” she asked. Nelson nodded. Jasmin slid off the desk and left the cabin. Dave Sturn was waiting patiently outside, fiddling with his camera. He raised an eyebrow, enquiringly.
“Top five floors have been sealed,” reported Jasmin, as they strolled towards Dave’s car. “Harden has been up there for two hours. Emma Venton was up there. We need to get up there, fast.”
“I thought we were. Tonight?”
“I don’t think we can wait till then. We’ve got to do it as soon as possible. I think Harden is going to get more police down here. It’s obviously all kicking off inside. So we need to get into the hospital before the place is crawling with coppers. Get on the phone to the office. Tell them to send someone else to cover things from the outside. We’re going in.”
Dave Sturn nodded and hurried off. Jasmin’s mobile started ringing.
She didn’t recognise the number, but she answered it.
“Miss Sharma?” asked a shrill voice.
“Yes,” murmured Jasmin.
“This is Glennis Randerson. We haven’t heard from you about our next interview.” It was a demand and a statement of fact, all in one sentence.
Jasmin groaned inwardly.
“Well, we have done an interview today,” she pointed out. “Which has proved incredibly popular.” Jasmin had no idea if it had proved popular or not. She hadn’t had a chance to find out. “But we have to plan these things carefully.”
“What about America? We’ve already started packing our things. When will you be having Philip moved?”
For pity’s sake! Who were these people?
“Well, it doesn’t quite work like that,” soothed Jasmin. “It’s not a simple thing to arrange for a patient to be transferred to America.”
“I’m assuming it will be in the next day or so!” insisted Mrs Randerson. “My husband has already asked the neighbours to put our dustbins out next Monday.”
Jasmin wanted to laugh. The Randersons were priceless!
“To be honest, Mrs Randerson. I cannot say when, or even if, it is going to happen. It’s very much out of my hands.”
“Miss Sharma. I don’t know how you were brought up, but we have always raised Philip not to tell lies, or make promises he cannot keep.”
“Mrs Randerson, nobody has told lies and no promises were made. We had a conversation regarding sharing your story with the world, which we have done. If the US networks want to run with it, then they will no doubt be in touch with an offer. But as yet that has not happened. Let’s be patient, shall we?”
“It sounds to me,” said Mrs Randerson, her voice rising an octave, “that you are more interested in this James Blake story now, and have lost interest in my Philip.”
“And uhhh, what makes you think that?” asked Jasmin casually, her mind racing. James Blake? The twin again? What was the woman talking about?
“Well, you won’t find his body outside. He’s back in his bed now. But that will teach him to go wandering off to dangerous places. I don’t think they teach them anything in schools these days.”
“Are you saying James Blake fell out of the window?” Jasmin wished Mrs Randerson wasn’t such a mentalist, because as a source of information she was prolific.
 “Miss Sharma,” the pitch of Mrs Randerson’s voice had changed again, back to stern. “It is clear that you are one of those women who acts in a certain way to get what she wants. We have a name for women like that, but I shan’t use it here. Instead, I will give you the opportunity to act like a decent young lady, and telephone me back by the end of the day to say you have made the appropriate arrangements for America. Otherwise”, she added in a shrill voice that made Jasmin move the phone away from her ear, “I will be very cross. In my day, young ladies who behaved in a dishonest fashion received an appropriate punishment. Good day to you.”
And with that the phone went dead. Jasmin should have laughed, but she shivered. Mrs Randerson was like a demonic headmistress. She wished she had never given the mad bint her telephone number. But then she had given her some priceless information. She looked at her watch. She just had time to give another quick news update.
Sam sat watching the news. She felt unable to stop herself from watching it. It held a morbid fascination for her. Earlier, she had been worried. Now she felt sick and scared. So many things had happened in the hospital over the last few hours that she had been totally unaware of.
First there had been the report of Emma Venton’s disappearance, by Jasmin Sharma. A written article rumoured that James and Samantha Blake might be targets for an unknown terrorist and that Sam had been abducted from her bed last night.
Then the mysterious ‘death dive’ story, culminating in the glimpse of Emma through the top-floor window. That had made Sam’s blood run cold. James had gone up to the top floor. What if it had been him who was thrown out of the window?
The door to her room was closed and it effectively shut out the sound of the hospital outside. She hadn’t noticed anyone walk past the door recently. What if something had happened to the entire hospital? What if, since that report, Emma had gone on and killed everyone in the building?
Sam was startled by the sudden appearance of a figure at the door. A shape. Immediately she thought it must be Emma Venton returning for her. The door opened. Friend or enemy?
Samantha Blake shrank down into her bed. Even with the amazing things that she could do, she had reason to be fearful.
The door opened. It was Chief Superintendent Harden accompanied by a woman who she didn’t recognise. An attractive, very businesslike woman, with red hair. If they were here, then everything must be all right.
And then all of a sudden, it wasn’t.
Chapter 12 – Kidnap
“You scared me!” gasped Sam. “I’m so glad it’s you. I’ve just seen the news. What’s going on? Is my brother ok?”
Harden said nothing. He just stood in the doorway and looked around.
“James. James Blake. He followed you up to the 36th floor. Emma Venton was up there. Is he ok?”
“Where are your parents?” barked Harden.
Sam felt taken aback. Harden suddenly seemed different to the kind, courteous man who had spoken to her earlier. She noticed he had a bad cut on his temple.
“They’re at home,” replied Sam, in a small voice. “They’re preparing for my move. They’ll be back later.”
“We’re moving you now,” stated Harden. “DI Stannard will be taking care of you.” He indicated the woman with red hair.
“Now?” echoed Sam. “But I’m not ready. You said tomorrow.”
“Change of plan,” said Stannard.
Sam noticed how Stannard had an almost identical cut and bruise on her temple. What was wrong with them? Then she realised that she herself was trembling.
“Has something happened? Am I in danger? I saw the news. What about all my things? My cards, my trophies, my clothes? I need my mum here to help me.”
Harden didn’t answer. 
“Are you stupid or something? Can’t you talk?” Sam surprised herself with her rudeness.
Harden and Stannard just stood looking at her, as though they were waiting for something to happen. Seconds later, Nurse Winter entered the room. She looked like she was sleepwalking, the same as the patients who had kidnapped Sam the other night. 
Sam pressed the panic alarm beside her bed and started dialling her dad’s mobile number. Harden snatched the phone out of her hand and stamped on it. Sam looked on aghast. Her lifeline was reduced to a mess of broken plastic!
In the Blake’s four-bedroom house, on a quiet road not far from Ealing Broadway, Roger Blake was on the phone. He was talking to his father, Larry. Yvonne was busily packing suitcases.
Larry Blake had a perennially chipper, positive attitude which sometimes grated on Roger’s nerves, but on this occasion he was very grateful for it. Larry Blake was retired from the United States Air Force. He was an engineer, born in Chicago, who had been stationed in East Anglia in the 1950s and 1960s, where he met and married local girl Barbara Edmunds. Roger loved his father, but he always felt the need to remind him that he had retired from the service twenty years ago.
“You shouldn’t have left them there, Rog.” Roger Blake sighed at the criticism in his father’s voice. “Should’ve taken them home, there and then.”
“Dad I– Dad– Dad–” Roger knew it was impossible to interrupt his father when he was in full flow. “Dad. I couldn’t just do that. Sam’s still got both legs in plaster and I need to make sure she is well enough to be moved.”
“Ok. But I think you should get back there as soon as possible, Rog. I’m worried that... someone might come for them.”
“What do you mean?”
“Just a feeling. I made enquiries with some old friends. I don’t want to talk about it on the phone. I’m just saying that the longer they stay there, the more likely it is someone will find out about them, and that would put them in danger. I want you all to get down here as soon as you can.”
“But why them? Why now? And why didn’t it happen to me? Doesn’t make sense.”
“It might do. The car bomb...” Larry Blake’s voice tailed off. “Somehow that may have caused the change. Fear, adrenalin, near-death experience. It all fits. And they may not be the only ones this has happened to. I can explain more when you are here.”
“We’ll be with you mid-morning tomorrow.”
There was a pause. Roger worried that his father may not have heard him.
“This policeman who’s arranging the transport. Do you trust him?” Larry asked.
“He seems to be on the level.”
“Then check your television. 24/7 Interactive News. Something is happening at the hospital.”
PC Nelson peered out of the mobile incident unit and couldn’t believe his eyes. Five police vans had driven into the hospital car park, and teams of riot police were assembling in front of the A&E and Outpatient entrances to the hospital. News crews from every station were shuffling around with shoulder-mounted cameras, getting dramatic shots of the assembling crowd-control teams. Nelson saw Jasmin Sharma waving her arms dramatically in front of a camera. Nelson grabbed his radio and ran over to the assembled throng. He grabbed the nearest officer by the arm. He didn’t recognise him.
“What’s going on, mate?”
“Security alert,” the officer replied, businesslike.
“Why the riot gear?” asked Nelson.
“Chief’s orders. We’re putting the hospital in lockdown, aren’t we? No one to be allowed in.”
Nurse Winter released the brake on Sam’s bed so it could be moved. Sam was feeling an unpleasant sense of déjà vu.
“Stop it!” she demanded. Nurse Winter showed no signs of stopping. Instead, she produced a syringe from her apron pocket and leaned forward to give Sam an injection. Sam grabbed the nurse’s arm and flung the girl back across the room. Nurse Winter crashed into the wall and looked stunned. She dropped the needle on the floor.
Stannard produced a pair of handcuffs. She and Harden marched forward to try and place them on Sam’s wrists, but Sam was too fast and too strong. She grabbed hold of Stannard’s outstretched arm, and with her free hand, gave the woman a shove that sent her sprawling back against Nurse Winter.
No sooner had Stannard been disposed of than Harden had taken her place. Sam was alarmed to see Harden actually draw back his arm to strike her. It was a horrible moment, as, for all his gruffness, she knew that the policeman was a decent and kindly man, who had been so protective of her earlier. He brought his hand down to hit her but she blocked it with her forearm. Harden was rocked back on his heels. Sam had barely felt the blow.
Even though Sam had no clue as to what was going on in the hospital, she knew that these people were no longer themselves. It was like an Invasion of the Body Snatchers type thing. Nurse Winter was back on her feet now and brandishing the syringe once more. This was impossible. They were relentless. 
Sam didn’t know what to do. She couldn’t run away. Ironic, given how fast a runner she was. Could she knock them out? She was worried that in a panic, she might somehow accidentally set fire to them. That would be terrible. She was sure these people meant her no harm really. There was no way she could hurt them.
As if realising what a surprisingly formidable opponent Sam was, Harden, Stannard and Nurse Winter regrouped and started advancing on the girl in a staggered line, looking to outflank her. Stannard started to move round the side of the bed, Harden stayed at the nearside, while Nurse Winter approached from behind him with the needle. Sam kept track of all three. If she had to, would she use her fire power? 
She clicked her fingers to summon up the flame. Nothing happened.
Chapter 13 – Takeover
No flame. No heat. Sam was almost relieved that she didn’t have to make the choice. Then Harden pounced, grabbing her left arm. Stannard rushed forward at the same time and with both hands held on to her right wrist. Nurse Winter stood ready with the needle. Sam gathered all her strength to throw off her assailants but everyone stopped when a figure appeared at the doorway. It was Dr Okocha, who, as Sam instantly noticed, did not have a bruise on her head and did not appear to be sleepwalking.
“What are you doing to that child?” boomed Dr Okocha, striding into the room. “Let her go at once!”
“Dr Okocha be careful!” warned Sam, but it was too late. Harden released Sam and instead grabbed hold of Dr Okocha. In an instant, he had pinned the woman’s hands behind her back, produced some handcuffs of his own and had placed them on the doctor’s wrists.
“What the–?” Dr Okocha tried to speak but couldn’t. Harden had his arm around her neck. He turned to Sam.
“Let the nurse give you the injection or I’ll kill her,” he intoned. Sam could see no emotion on Harden’s face, but she could plainly see the fear in Dr Okocha’s eyes. The woman tried to struggle but couldn’t. She could barely breathe and when she tried talking, she just choked. Sam had no choice. She relaxed the resistance in her right hand and let Stannard hold it down.
“Why are you doing this?” Sam asked Harden. “What has Emma done to you?”
The next thing she could feel was the needle going into her arm, and almost instantly a warm fuzzy feeling flooded her body.
“I hope that needle is clean,” muttered Sam sleepily, and then there was blackness.
At the same time Sam was sinking into a drug-induced sleep, James was waking up. The first thing that he noticed was that he was moving. At first he thought he was still dreaming. 
He was still in his bed, but he was looking up and watching the ceiling lights flash past. He tried to sit up, but found that he had been restrained by some straps across the bed. He was being pushed along the corridor by two nurses. He looked around. He was fairly sure that he was still on the 17th floor, although all the corridors in the hospital looked the same. The trolley stopped outside the lifts, and one of the nurses pulled the big doors open. The men pushed the trolley inside. James craned his head to see which floor they were heading to. One of the nurses pushed the button for floor 36. The lift shuddered as it started to move. James put his head back, took a deep breath... seconds later he was lying on the floor in the corridor, just outside the lifts. Ha ha! He had no idea what was going on, but if they thought they could kidnap him they could shove it! There was a pain in his stomach though. He was hungry again. He was permanently hungry these days. If he didn’t get something to eat soon he would collapse.
James picked himself up from the floor. He was still wearing his tattered shirt, and there was a hole in the left knee of his jeans. But his cuts and bruises all seemed to have healed up while he was asleep. He searched for his phone. It wasn’t in his pocket. He jogged back to Uxbridge Ward. None of the hospital staff paid him any attention. 
In his ward his bed was missing, of course, and so was Philip Randerson’s. One other patient was absent, a lad called Jerome Lake. A nurse was fussing over the remaining boys. James walked over to where his bed had been. The bedside locker was empty.
“Excuse me,” he called over to the nurse. Despite having just escaped a kidnapping, James couldn’t bring himself to be rude to anyone. “Where are my things?”
The nurse looked up in surprise.
“I beg your pardon, young man,” she said, in a kindly voice. “I’m afraid it isn’t visiting time, quite yet.”
There was something odd about the woman. His dad would have used the word ‘dozy’.
“I’m a patient,” said James, simply. “I was in this ward until about five minutes ago. My bed was here.” He indicated the empty space. The nurse looked at him closely.
“I’m sorry, young man, I think you must be mistaken. Perhaps you were on a different ward?”
“No,” insisted James, losing patience. “This ward. I was one of the victims of the car bomb. I’m being treated by Dr Soames. On. This. Ward.”
“I’m sorry, but I think you must be mistaken,” she said again. “Are you sure you’re a patient? You look quite healthy, although you could do with smartening yourself up a bit, if you don’t mind me saying.”
James took a deep breath. The woman was either a jobsworth or a bit thick.
“Look. Can you get Dr Soames? I’m not worried about me, but I’m worried about my sister.”
“Oh – your sister is a patient?”
“Yes!”
“I thought you said you were?”
“I did. We both are. Look, this is massively important. Someone just tried to kidnap me!”
The nurse looked worried now.
“Please young man, don’t get upset.”
James was upset.
“Oh for–”. He gave up with the woman and went over to the only conscious patient in the ward, Raj Dasgupta.
“Raj. Do you know who took my stuff?”
Raj looked sleepy, and a little uncomfortable at being questioned.
“Who are you?”
James stared blankly at Raj. Was he taking the mickey? He had sat next to Raj in chemistry lessons for a whole year.
“Raj, it’s me, James Blake.”
Raj just looked at him, then looked at the nurse, and pulled a face to indicate he didn’t know what James was talking about. The nurse reciprocated.
“Raj, what about Philip? And Jerome? Where are they?”
“Who?”
“Awww that’s it!!” James had totally lost patience. He didn’t have time to waste with whatever weird stuff was happening with these people. Too many bad things had occurred since the bombing to prat around with morons. It was more important to make sure Sam was safe. He hurried from the room. He looked back at the nurse. She seemed to have forgotten about him already. Nobody was looking, so he teleported himself down to Sam’s room. Would he ever get tired of doing that?
He materialised next to where Sam’s bed should have been. Damn! She must have been taken to the 36th floor, James reasoned. That’s where the nurse in the lift had tried to take him. Unless, of course, she’d just been taken to the toilet.
“Sam!” he called out. No response. He saw her broken mobile phone on the floor and picked it up.
“Sam!” he bellowed this time, just to see if anybody at all was going to come to investigate. Nobody did. He walked down the corridor towards the lifts. Dr Okocha was talking to a nurse behind a desk. James ran up to her.
“Dr Okocha! Dr Okocha!” he called out. Okocha turned round and regarded James and his dishevelled appearance with concern.
“Are you hurt?” she asked James.
“No, no, I’m fine. But two nurses just tried to kidnap me, and my sister is missing from her room.”
Dr Okocha looked at the nurse behind the desk with an expression which suggested they might have trouble.
“First things first. Let’s start at the beginning. What is your name?”
There was a considerable amount of confusion in the hospital car park. The riot teams were still assembling, while PC Nelson was having a stand-up row with Sergeant Blunt, a CO19 Special Firearms Officer.
“What about all the ambulances bringing patients into the hospital?” Nelson demanded.
Blunt shrugged.
“Chief’s orders. All emergencies have been re-routed to other hospitals. Look, I don’t know why. But I’ve got a job to get on with.” He shouldered past Nelson and began deploying his men around the hospital site.
Jasmin Sharma had heard enough. It would take the police a while to cover all the entrances and exits to the hospital. She had spent five days at the hospital and knew the geography well enough to know how to easily slip inside.
“You ready?” Jasmin asked Dave, as he mounted the camera on his shoulder.
“You’re loving this,” he said.
“Not as much as you,” she replied, and they ran off, trampling through the flowers towards the back of the hospital.
Samantha woke up with a disgusting taste in her mouth. Her head was a little woozy, but it cleared rapidly. She’d had another strange dream. She thought she was in a giant glass hamster ball, propelling herself around the hospital. Every now and then she’d bump up against a wall, or someone would stop her and start tapping on the glass. The ball was opaque, so she could never clearly see who was peering in at her. There was just a fuzzy image of faces pressed up against the glass.
It was a bit of a surprise to wake up and find she was in another ward. Sam looked around her. The first thing she noticed was that one of the windows was broken. The wind was blowing cold air into the room and she immediately pulled her sheets up tighter around her neck. 
There were four other patients in the ward with her, all of them unconscious, so she couldn’t see who they were. Her bed had been positioned close to the window. She was facing three beds on the other side of the ward. On her side, between her bed and the door, was one other patient. He must be in a very bad way because his head was bandaged and he seemed to be on a life-support machine. Standing next to the bed – handcuffed to it, noted Sam – was Dr Soames. Nurse Winter stood the other side of the patient. She was stroking the bandaged head of the unconscious boy. Nurse Winter ignored Dr Soames, and he ignored her.
Standing by the door, hands clasped behind his back, looking straight ahead, was a policeman. Sam recognised him as PC O’Brien, the officer who patrolled her floor. He had often looked in on her and asked if she was all right. He was nice. Was. Now he was a sleepwalker. His eyes told the whole story, as did the gash down the side of his head.
Sam realised Dr Soames was looking at her.
“Samantha,” he said, carefully. “Are you ok? Do you know who I am?”
“I’m fine,” she managed. Odd question. She looked at Dr Soames. “Is James here? I heard someone had fallen out of a window.”
Dr Soames took a deep breath.
“Your brother is safe. Or he was.”
“He followed Mr Harden up to the 36th floor because that’s where Emma Venton was. He said he had found them. But then I didn’t get any more texts.”
“I think Mr Harden might be... unwell,” said Dr Soames. “He brought me up here and handcuffed me to this bed. We’re on the top floor.”
“What happened to James?” asked Sam, more worried about her brother than Dr Soames.
“James disappeared from the ward. And when I say disappeared, I mean disappeared. Then a short while later, he seemed to just fall out of the sky and on to his bed. I have no idea how. But he was hurt, and he was exhausted, and he kept saying he was starving. Then he fell into a deep sleep.”
“Had he been in a fight?”
“He had some very bad cuts and bruises. But I kept a check on him. Within an hour, they were all healed up. Just like his arm and your burns.” He held Sam’s gaze, and Sam knew it was because he was probing her now.
 Sam didn’t have any answers, and what she did know, she didn’t want to admit to Dr Soames. At least, not until she’d had a chance to talk to her parents.
“Did James have anything to eat?” Sam asked.
Dr Soames registered this question as an evasion.
“We woke him up after an hour and gave him some soup and bread. He ate it and fell back asleep.”
Food again, thought Sam. James needed the calories to recover from whatever had happened to him. Food was the answer. If she could just get something to eat, she might be able to heal as James had, and help them all get out of here. James had been carrying more body fat than she had at the time of the car bomb, so it made sense that he would recover faster. She cursed herself for the fact that she was underweight, but she couldn’t think about that now.
“You don’t seem surprised that I was handcuffed by the police,” said Dr Soames.
“I’m not. I was kidnapped by Mr Harden and Nurse Winter gave me an injection that knocked me unconscious.”
“Really? An anaesthetic? That couldn’t have been long ago. You recovered very quickly.”
Sam could see what Dr Soames was thinking. She was worried. What sort of man was Dr Soames? He knew about James being able to teleport and heal quickly, and he would be wondering what she could do to. Would they be taken off to Guantanamo Bay and be experimented on like lab rats? Would they test make up and shampoo on her? She tried to distract him.
“I think they may have hurt Dr Okocha. She was trying to protect me. Mr Harden nearly broke her neck. What’s wrong with them all?”
“I’ve been trying to work out if she has been drugged,” Dr Soames nodded at Nurse Winter. “She barely acknowledges me. That’s why I asked if you recognised me. She seems to think everything is normal up here, but she won’t listen to a word I say. It’s like I don’t exist to her. Mind you, my wife is the same.”
“It’s like the kids in my class who tried to kidnap me the other night. She’s got the same expression. Don’t you think they look like sleepwalkers?”
“That’s as good a description as anything I can come up with Samantha,” said Dr Soames. He looked at Nurse Winter again, but she just kept stroking the patient’s head.
“Who is that?” asked Sam.
“Philip Randerson. I believe he was a close friend of yours?” said Soames, gently.
Poor Philip, thought Sam. He was enveloped by a series of drips and tubes. His bed was surrounded by a variety of equipment, including a pump which she guessed regulated his breathing, a device which she presumed monitored his brain activity, and something that fed him. The other equipment she couldn’t even guess at. Philip looked almost unrecognisable, so it was no surprise she hadn’t realised it was him. In addition to the bandages on his head, his body looked so frail, like it was wasting away. He looked pale, almost deathlike. She felt very, very sorry for him.
“He has severe head injuries, and he is in a coma.” Dr Soames looked at Philip, and Sam wasn’t sure if he was talking to her or to his patient. “He’s on life support as you can see, but I’m sorry to say that I don’t think he is going to make it.”
“Oh no,” exclaimed Sam.
“I’m sorry,” Dr Soames repeated.
“Is he... brain damaged?” asked Sam, for some reason hating to even ask the question.
“He has suffered severe head trauma, but there is still significant brain activity. Very significant. But physically he is deteriorating. He should never have been moved. Both he and the life-support machine need constant attention. He needs more fluids and nutrition, but I can’t seem to make anyone understand me.”
Dr Soames rattled his handcuffs in frustration. He stopped talking, thinking he might be upsetting Sam. “I wonder where his parents are?” he added, as something of an afterthought. 
This made Sam think of her own parents. Had they tried to call her? It wouldn’t be long before they came back to the hospital to find out what was going on. They would raise ‘merry hell’, as her dad was fond of saying. But it worried her that Mr Harden might try and hurt them. She would not let that happen.
“Someone will come and rescue us,” Dr Soames assured her.
The ward door opened. Chief Superintendent Harden entered. He looked around. He saw Sam and Dr Soames, but showed no interest in them. He looked at PC O’Brien.
“O’Brien. Stairs. Security.”
O’Brien nodded, and lumbered out of the ward.
Floor 36 was just receiving its latest visitor. Ivan Reddington, Director of Clinical Operations at Brent Valley NHS Trust, was a very worried and very angry man. In the two hours since the media had embarked on a new frenzy over the smashed window on the top floor, he had been constantly on the telephone. He had had to placate senior government officials, NHS directors, private finance partners, the media, and his own mother! He hadn’t even had time to inspect the damage for himself, but trusted that Chief Superintendent Harden was dealing with the situation.
Finally, Reddington had been about to eat his long-postponed lunch – a mozzarella and tomato baguette – when riot police had suddenly descended on his hospital. That had been the limit!
 He had been unable to contact Harden, but one of the fool’s underlings had informed Reddington that Harden was on the top floor. Grabbing his baguette, lest somebody stole it – and it wouldn’t be the first time – Reddington had marched up to floor 36. His own office was on floor 29, so it wasn’t far to walk. Which was just as well, given that the lifts seemed to have stopped working. Probably kids playing about in them. As if he didn’t have enough problems. 
Reddington ducked under the police crime-scene tape and barged through the big wooden doors in the stairwell, where he stood for a few moments in the dim corridor. He was breathing heavily. Reddington was in his fifties, but he played a lot of squash and tennis, and he considered himself fit. So why did stairs always make him feel like an old man? He straightened the jacket of his svelte Kenzo suit.
A bucket and mop stood propped up against the wall opposite him. Where was the cleaner? He shouldn’t even be up here on a Sunday. Reddington was about to open the door of the ward nearest to the mop, but suddenly caught sight of a policeman walking towards him down the corridor. Well, that was a good sign at least. Harden had his men doing something useful. Although, the way this fellow was walking, if he was any slower he’d be going backwards. Reddington marched towards the man, still resolutely clutching his cling-filmed baguette, and tried not to feel ridiculous.
“Where is Chief Superintendent Harden?” demanded Reddington.
“Windsor Ward,” replied O’Brien without even looking at the Director. He just kept on walking. 
Reddington bit his lip. Something else he would bring up with Harden. He strode purposefully towards Windsor Ward and opened the door.
Jasmin and Dave were inside the hospital. They had slipped in via a side door and found themselves in an empty waiting room. Moments later, police officers arrived at the same door.
Jasmin and Dave walked calmly and unhurriedly in the opposite direction and lost themselves in the corridors of the hospital. Jasmin lead them up two flights of stairs, just to put some distance between themselves and the police on the ground floor.
“The place is empty,” noted Dave Sturn, as he began filming.
“We need to get up to the top floor,” said Jasmin. “That’s where the action is. Also, we need to get some white coats or something.”
“What?”
“Don’t you watch films? Put on a white coat in a hospital and you can go anywhere, do anything. No one challenges you. With you carrying that thing around,” she pointed at his camera, “people will be all over us. With a white coat on, people will think we’re official. Second only to a hi-vis jacket. It’s a go-anywhere pass. They’ll think we’re filming for Hospital TV or something.”
“You’re not normal,” observed Dave Sturn.
“You love it. What are you doing?”
Dave had put his camera down and had his mobile phone in his hand.
“Phoning my wife.”
“Seriously?”
“Well, I’m stuck in here for the night now, aren’t I? She’ll worry. The kids will worry.”
“Whatever,” sighed Jasmin. “You report in to Big Lover. I’ll find us our cunning disguises. Say hi to the children from Aunty Jasmin. They love me.” She smiled cheekily and walked off.
Not likely, thought Dave, as he watched Jasmin investigate some of the empty rooms off the long corridor. He dialled home.
Jasmin shivered. The hospital felt very, very wrong. It was the quiet. The emptiness. She peered into a couple of wards. There were a lot of unmade beds, as though patients had been recently and quickly evacuated. 
In one ward she looked in, a nurse was standing next to the bed of an elderly patient who was wired up to goodness knows what. Jasmin shivered at the poor man’s helplessness. The nurse looked up in surprise. He was a guy about Jasmin’s age. Quite fit, she thought.
“Do you know what’s happening?” the nurse asked, sounding very perturbed. “Is the security alert over? No one has told me anything.”
“No, it’s still going on,” said Jasmin, feeling sorry for the guy. “I’m sorry, I don’t really know much else myself.”
She walked back down the corridor. Dave Sturn’s wife was still obviously giving him hell about not coming home tonight and for spending more time with Jasmin. Poor Dave.
“Can you give me a hand with my nurse’s outfit, Dave?” she called out loudly. Dave covered the phone with his hand and glared at her. Jasmin winked back. That was naughty, she knew. But she needed some jokes and some clowning around. This place gave her the creeps.
Sam and Dr Soames looked up as the door to the ward opened.
“Mr Reddington?” cried out Dr Soames with relief. 
“Dr Soames?” Reddington looked aghast as he took in the room: the handcuffed doctor; the distraught Samantha Blake; Chief Superintendent Harden standing in front of him, blank faced; and the fact that there was a functioning ward up here at all! How was this being costed?
“Harden, what the hell do you think you are doing up here? Have you gone totally mad?”
“Yes he has,” shouted Dr Soames, rattling his handcuffs. “Look what he’s done. Mr Reddington, please, call the Commissioner immediately and get that man taken off the Force!”
“Please, Mr Reddington,” added Sam. “Mr Harden is unwell. He’s kidnapped us all.”
Reddington looked numb. He couldn’t accept what he was seeing and hearing. That Harden had gone on some kind of rampage was unthinkable. Yet there was one of his doctors, chained to a bed, while five patients – children at that – were being held against their will. He had a sudden image of spending the next ten years fighting lawsuits against the Trust. Best to take action as soon as possible. He looked at Harden. He didn’t seem at all bothered. Reddington felt flushed with anger.
Reddington pulled his phone out of his pocket. He realised he couldn’t dial and hold his baguette at the same time, so he put his lunch down on a nearby table. Before he could press the first button, the phone had been snatched out of his hand by Harden and thrown out of the broken window. Reddington took a step forward.
“Please don’t hurt him!” cried out Sam, fearing what might come next. 
“What do you mean?” asked Reddington, genuinely frightened. Harden was circling him. Reddington found himself backing away, towards the broken window. 
“No, please,” begged Sam, leaning forward. “Please, Mr Harden, please!” 
Reddington looked around and saw how close he was to the window. He stumbled. Harden gripped him by the shoulder and steadied him. 
“Careful, Mr Reddington,” he said, flatly. “We wouldn’t want you falling to your death, would we?”
Reddington felt like a rabbit in headlights. Harden was staring at him and he couldn’t avert his gaze. More than that, there was a pounding in his ears. Was it a voice? It was overwhelming. He couldn’t clear his head. It was like the worst headache imaginable. He no longer knew where he was, or even what his name was. He sank to his knees. 
Sam watched helplessly, fearing the worst, but Harden just left Reddington on the floor. Nurse Winter walked around him and came up to Sam’s bed and helped straighten her sheets.
“Ignore all that silliness,” she said, briskly. “Don’t want you to get cold, do we?” She pulled a blanket up so it covered Sam’s shoulders. 
Out of the corner of her eye, Sam spotted Ivan Reddington’s baguette, still on the table where he had left it. A sudden hunger overcame all her other emotions. 
“Nurse, would it be all right if I had that sandwich?”
On the 16th floor, James had given up trying to explain who he was to Dr Okocha. He had tried to tell her that Sam had been kidnapped, but she claimed not to even have a patient called Samantha Blake. James insisted on taking her to Sam’s room. Dr Okocha walked around, taking in the photos, the trophies and the broken mobile phone.
“Well I can see there is a patient in this room,” she agreed reasonably. “But not one of mine. But that’s the thing with a big hospital, as I’m sure you will appreciate. I don’t know every patient. If you speak to the day nurse, I’m sure she could tell you who is treating your sister.”
“What about this?” asked James, his exasperation levels turned up to 100. He pointed at the sign above where Sam’s bed had been. It gave the consulting doctor’s name: Dr Okocha.
“Administrative error,” dismissed Dr Okocha. “Unfortunately things like that do happen. I’ll make sure it’s changed, and I’m sorry for the mix-up.” She smiled and left the room.
James found himself laughing in frustration. There was only one thing for it. He would simply go back up to the top floor and rescue Sam himself. If Emma Venton or anyone else was up there and tried to stop him, he’d let them have it! Both barrels!
James summoned up his energies, and the next second he found himself on the 36th floor, in the stairwell. That was a surprise. He’d been aiming for the ward where he’d had the fight with Emma. Perhaps teleporting was something that needed a bit of practice?
He suddenly realised that there was a policeman standing a few steps above him. The man was standing as still as a statue. James instantly recognised the look of a sleepwalker.
“Officer. Officer, please. You’re asleep. Please wake up.”
James cautiously walked up the first three steps. 
PC O’Brien jerked into life. He looked down at James and started descending the stairs.
James started backing off. He remembered his battle with Emma Venton and how fast she had moved when she attacked. James stumbled and PC O’Brien sprang at him with surprising speed. James acted on instinct. He raised his hands and felt a force of energy lift O’Brien into the air. 
O’Brien’s momentum carried him forward and he pitched over the stair rail, crashed into the wall and remained there, like a fly splatted with a newspaper.
James felt a terrible twist in his gut. It was like he was lifting O’Brien with his bare hands. He was suddenly scared at what he had done. He felt the tension leave his stomach, and O’Brien dropped to the floor. 
James was breathing fast, but he soon found he was laughing. The policeman was unconscious. He had dealt with him. He was the man! He’d got better since his fight with Emma. Now, he would prove he was the hero and rescue his sister. On with the show. 
James ran upstairs, walked into the main corridor and headed back in the direction of Windsor Ward. That was where he had fought Emma Venton earlier, so it seemed a good place to start. 
As he approached the T-junction, he heard Harden’s voice in the corridor. James slipped into a nearby empty ward and waited. Harden was talking loudly.
“The hospital is being secured,” he was saying. “But we’re not safe yet. I’m going to check on the men. The Commissioner won’t be happy. He will probably try and counter my orders. He’s been trying to call me. So I’m going to make sure the men know to only follow my orders. You had better stay here, just in case anybody else comes up.”
James poked his head around the doorway and saw that Harden was talking to Stannard. “I’ll ensure only one lift is working, and we’ll have control of it,” Harden continued. “That will deter people from coming up here. And remember, watch out for James Blake. He’s no longer welcome. He may try and rescue his sister, so if he shows his face, get rid of him.”
“Yes, sir,” said Stannard. 
Their footsteps receded down the corridor. James sneaked a look. He watched Harden enter the lift. Stannard pushed open the big wooden doors and disappeared into the stairwell. That meant Stannard would quickly discover the unconscious copper. Would she then reach the conclusion that James had been up here? Or would she just think the policeman was asleep on the job? Either way, best to be quick. If he could just locate Sam, he could probably teleport them both to safety before Stannard could react.
Sam was holding her breath. Nurse Winter stood at the end of her bed, holding Ivan Reddington’s baguette. She seemed to be hesitating.
“Thank you, nurse,” said Sam, resisting the temptation to reach out her hand for it. There was no reason why Nurse Winter shouldn’t give her the food, but she didn’t want the woman to see how much she really needed it. Sam smiled. The nurse stepped forward. Maybe something in Sam’s eyes betrayed her, or perhaps it was the loud rumble in Sam’s stomach that broke the spell. 
“No... No, I don’t think so,” Nurse Winter said, moving away. “You can have some food later.” She looked at her watch. “In an hour,” she decided, and then added, “as long as you’re a good girl.” 
Sam flushed with frustration and humiliation. She hated people saying things like that. How incredibly patronising. She wasn’t a child!
Nurse Winter put the food on a trolley near to Philip Randerson’s bed, although out of reach of Dr Soames.
Sam slumped back in her bed. She was feeling light-headed and almost sick with hunger. If she was right, then all her strength was being used to heal her broken legs. She had no idea how long that would take. She didn’t even know how she would know when it was done. She tried to flex her leg but it still hurt. Did that mean it was still mending? Even if it was, how was she going to get the cast off? Chew it off with her teeth?
Nurse Winter remained by Philip Randerson’s bed.
“You’re a brave young man,” she said to the comatose boy. “We’re all wishing you the best.”
Sam couldn’t even begin to guess what was driving Nurse Winter’s behaviour.
“Sam!” came a loud whisper from the doorway. She turned and nearly wept with joy to see her brother. She didn’t know whether to call out or not, but it didn’t really matter. James’s stage whisper had already attracted the attention of Nurse Winter but, although she looked up at him, she did not move. James registered this. He walked slowly into the ward, trying to be casual.
“You ok, Little Sis?” he asked, trying to keep his tone light.
“Ok, Big Bro,” she replied. 
James continued to walk slowly towards Sam. If he could just touch her, he was sure he could teleport them both to safety, but Nurse Winter was still between him and his sister’s bed. A few steps closer and he’d be able to run for Sam’s bed and Nurse Winter wouldn’t have time to intercept. He could also try teleporting over to Sam’s side of the ward, but then what if he missed? Or was unable to make another jump?
James took another step. Nurse Winter started moving towards him. Typical, thought James wearily.
“I’m sorry young man, but no visitors,” she said, echoing the nurse from Uxbridge ward.
“Nurse Winter, it’s me, James Blake,” James tried. “I’m here to see my sister.”
Nurse Winter was bearing down on him now and James started to back off, trying to round her in a wide circle. She moved too, keeping herself between him and Sam.
“Careful, James,” said Dr Soames. “She’s not herself.”
James hadn’t even noticed Dr Soames until now.
“It’s not just her. It’s Mr Harden and Mrs Stannard,” James explained.
“Oh, give the boy a medal,” groaned Sam, her hunger making her cranky.
James didn’t take his eyes off Nurse Winter. It was like they were doing an old-fashioned dance around the room.
“Emma Venton attacked them earlier,” James explained. “I think she did something to them. I think she knocked them out and now she controls them.”
“It would explain why most of the ‘sleepwalkers’, as your sister calls them, have bruises on their head,” agreed Dr Soames. “But Nurse Winter hasn’t. I don’t know if she is dangerous, but be careful.”
“I think you’ll find I called them ‘sleepwalkers’ first,” protested James.
“James,” called Sam. “Have you eaten?”
James flicked a look of irritation at his sister. She was always trying to mother him, but for goodness’ sake, asking if he’d eaten at a time like this?
“What are you talking about?” he asked, looking for a way past Nurse Winter.
“James. James, this is important. Please think about this. Think about food. Think about what that might mean.” Sam hated being cryptic, but she didn’t want to give too much away in front of potential enemies. “You need food, and so do I. I really, really need some.”
James wasn’t paying much attention. He and Nurse Winter had moved back and forth around the ward, and it was obvious to James that he wouldn’t be able to dodge past her. He would have to be brave and take the initiative. He wasn’t sure if he was afraid because he feared he might harm Nurse Winter, or because he was remembering being thrown out of the window by Emma Venton. But, whatever, he wasn’t going to be put off.
“Ok, Nursey,” he said to Nurse Winter. “It’s going down to injury time. Out of my way.”
“You had your chance to be up here with us, young man,” said Nurse Winter, echoing what he had heard Harden say in the corridor. “And you chose not to. So you’ll be leaving, the same way you did last time.” She smiled.
James took a deep breath and prepared to stride past her, but a gasp from Sam made him turn around. There were three beds with three patients behind him. He hadn’t paid any regard to them when he had entered the ward, as they all seemed to be asleep. Now one of them sat bolt upright in bed. It was Jerome Lake, the boy who had been missing from James’s ward. Then a second patient performed the same robotic action. It was Anika Ali, Emma Venton’s despicable sidekick. She too sat up straight in her bed, staring at James. Finally, sitting up in one smooth action in the middle bed, was Emma Venton herself. 
Each swung their legs over the side of their bed and advanced on James.
Chapter 14 – Lockdown
James tried to assess his options. He could just teleport out, but he didn’t want to leave Sam. He wouldn’t be able to take Dr Soames too, which made him feel guilty. But he felt it was more important to rescue Sam first. Or he could stay and fight, but he had struggled to take on Emma Venton on her own last time. If each of the other sleepwalkers were as strong as her then he stood no chance.
James was being edged towards the ward doors, as though the sleepwalkers were trying to eject him from the room. There were now four sleepwalkers, including Nurse Winter, between him and Sam. 
Then DI Stannard returned to the ward, and she was between him and the door. James was hoping to manoeuvre the four sleepwalkers that were in front of him as far away from Sam as possible, but they stood their ground.
Awww, forget this! James decided that too much thinking and not enough action would get him nowhere. He threw caution to the wind, and vanished into thin air.
The sleepwalkers looked around in confusion. Dr Soames was both fascinated and dumbfounded at the same time.
James materialised a second later at the far side of the ward, near the window and close to Sam’s bed. He had hoped to be closer. The landings always left him feeling slightly light-headed, and so it took him a few valuable seconds to orient himself. He made a dash for Sam’s bed, but he wasn’t quick enough. Emma Venton reached him first and swept an arm into his stomach, knocking him back across the ward and into the far wall. He doubled up, crumpling to the ground. James felt sick, but fortunately recovery came quickly. He stood up, but now he was even further away from Sam, and all of the sleepwalkers were arranged between him and his sister, with Nurse Winter standing right near Sam’s bed, guarding it.
Sam looked on helplessly. What could she do? If she tried using her flame power then she risked burning down the hospital and killing everyone. So there wasn’t much else except... A moment of inspiration struck. She tried adjusting her position to see if she could lean down under the bed and unlock the brake that kept the bed in its current position. As she feared, she couldn’t quite reach. Already prepared, she took hold of one of the metal handrails beside her bed. She gripped hard and gave a determined heave, expecting to meet a considerable resistance. Instead the metal snapped like it was a chocolate wafer. Which, thought Sam, I could really do with right now.
Now she was able to lean down to look under the bed and use the piece of metal handrail to release the brake. No problem! She looked at James and the sleepwalkers. No one was paying any attention to her, which was good. The next bit was tricky. She simply had no idea of how strong she was, so she was going to have to take a chance. She sat up in the bed and angled the piece of metal over her head, so one end was resting against the wall, and the other was held in both her hands. She pushed hard, hoping she had produced enough force to send the bed moving. She had. It fired forward at speed and sent Nurse Winter, Jerome, Anika and Emma flying like skittles as it skewed in a 45-degree arc and crashed into the empty bed the other side of the ward. 
James took his chance. Only an empty bed stood between him and his sister now. He dashed forward and jumped onto it, then dropped to the floor the other side. His mind suddenly went blank. He had a brief mental image of his bedroom at home, but then that disappeared as he wondered if that would be too far to travel. He summoned up the image of the McDonalds restaurant on the ground floor of the hospital. That would be safe enough. He reached forward to touch Sam’s outstretched hand. He was aware of a fast movement in his peripheral vision but he closed his eyes, felt the touch of a hand, and there was a moment of disorientation.
When he opened his eyes he was indeed in the McDonalds restaurant. It was empty except for himself and DI Stannard, who stood next to him, clinging on to his hand.
Damn! It had almost worked. Stannard had got there first. He felt like a striker who had just tee’d up his shot, only for a defender to take the ball off his toe at the last minute. Stannard looked disoriented. In a second her head would clear. What should he do?
Sam groaned. So close. So, so close! She had been a fingertip away from touching her brother’s hand. She had guessed what he was trying to do, and if it had not been for DI Stannard’s quick movement, she would have been safe. Now what?
The sleepwalkers all picked themselves up off the floor and looked around in a daze. Nurse Winter reacted first. She started to move Sam’s bed back into its previous position.
“I don’t think we’ll be letting you have your tea after what you’ve just done, do you?” asked Nurse Winter huffily, as if Sam had just thrown a cup of tea over her clean uniform. “I think you should lie there, hungry, thinking about your behaviour.” 
Nurse Winter heaved the bed so that it was finally back next to the locker. As she was pushing, she was leaning forward, and Sam could see down into the pocket of her apron. She could see the syringe and a small glass bottle of something that the nurse had used to inject her in her room on floor 16. Nurse Winter applied the brake to the bed again. Then she broke the handle off the brake with her bare hands. The bed would not be moving again.
“That’s better,” said Nurse Winter. She reached across Sam to adjust her bed sheets and tuck her in properly.
“You just concentrate on getting better now,” she said, all trace of animosity gone. Sam’s eyes were fixed on the needle and bottle in the nurse’s pocket. What had she got to lose? While Nurse Winter was pulling at her sheets, she slid her hand into the pocket and deftly pulled out the syringe and vial, then hid them under the sheets. Nurse Winter seemed not to have noticed. Sleepwalker, thought Sam gratefully.
The nurse then went over to the other side of the ward and started marshalling Emma Venton, Jerome Lake and Anika Ali into bed. Not that they needed marshalling. They simply obeyed.
Sam held up the bottle and needle for Dr Soames to see. His eyes widened and he mimed to her to throw the items over. She took a quick look in Nurse Winter’s direction. She was facing the other way. Sam threw the bottle over and Dr Soames caught it easily in his left hand, then slipped it in his pocket. Sam checked again, then threw the syringe. She made sure the needle went sideways on, not like a dart, so it couldn’t hurt anyone. It was safer, but harder to judge. Soames fumbled it. It dropped onto Philip’s bed and started rolling towards the floor. Soames recovered and caught it before it reached the floor. He slipped the needle into his other pocket.
Nurse Winter looked around. Dr Soames looked back at Nurse Winter. She smiled. Soames smiled back. They just had to wait for their chance.
Jasmin and Dave had come across an unexpected problem. They had planned simply to take a lift up to floor 36. The problem they had encountered was that all the lifts seemed to be out of action. On floor three there were two porters in charge of a patient on a bed, waiting impatiently for the lift to arrive. On floor four they found a bigger, bad-tempered, group of nurses and porters. On floor five an even larger, angrier, group appeared to want to start a riot. On floor six a fight had broken out.
Curiously, nobody seemed aware of the bigger events taking place outside the hospital, and indeed elsewhere in the building. Dave took some footage of the fight, more out of personal interest than professional responsibility.
 Fortunately, Jasmin and Dave were both very fit people. Jasmin went to the gym every day and dance classes twice a week, while Dave played five-a-side football three times a week. Even so, the stairs were a daunting task and, with Dave carrying the camera, by the time they reached floor ten they had decided to stop at the restaurant to revise their plans. Jasmin phoned Tommy, to find he was there too, enjoying a cup of coffee and a doughnut.
“Can’t do any work, can I,” he said, cheerfully, into the handset.
He caught sight of Jasmin as she walked through the door. He waved. She waved back and put her phone away. Tommy wolf-whistled at Jasmin. She had found ‘disguises’ for herself and Dave. She was wearing a nurse’s uniform. One that was too tight, and amazingly short, Tommy noted appreciatively. Dave Sturn looked ridiculous in his jeans, polo shirt and a long white coat.
“Where’d you get that outfit?” Tommy asked.
Jasmin just tapped her nose secretively.
“I didn’t know there was an Ann Summers on the ground floor,” he laughed. “Great disguise. No one will be looking at you.” He glanced back at Dave. “Actually you fit right in as a junior doctor.”
Dave made a gesture with his finger.
“You just walk up ten flights of stairs?” asked Tommy.
They nodded, sinking into the seats. “The lifts are all stuck on one floor,” Tommy explained.
“Which floor?”
“Don’t know. But I’m not running up to each floor to find out. It’d probably be, like, the top floor knowing my luck.”
“What’s happening on the top floor? Have you been up there?”
“No. But I tell you, this hospital is crazy! The top five floors aren’t used. Or they weren’t. But that’s where they moved Samantha Blake. The ward that James Blake was in, that’s half empty too. Dr Soames, he’s up there an’ all.”
This all seemed a bit vague and casual to Jasmin. Not how she thought hospitals were run.
“Did you know that the bottom two floors are virtually empty? From what we saw, there’s only a skeleton staff down there looking after patients who can’t be moved. There’s riot police on the ground floor stopping anyone getting in.”
“Blimey. Not heard anything about that.” Tommy took another bite of his doughnut. A blob of jam fell onto the table. He seemed more bothered about that.
Jasmin looked around the restaurant. It was busier than usual, and the clientele seemed to be mainly staff and elderly people. People who were less inclined to use the stairs, she mused.
“There’s an old friend,” murmured Tommy, nodding in the direction behind Jasmin.
She turned around to see Mr and Mrs Randerson standing behind her. The phrase ‘bulldog chewing a wasp’ leapt to Jasmin’s mind when she saw the expression on Mrs Randerson’s face.
“Miss Sharma. I’d like a word with you,” Mrs Randerson said. Jasmin groaned.
“Oh please, Mrs Randerson, don’t put me in detention. Don’t you think there are more serious issues going on than your interview?”
“There are indeed,” Mrs Randerson agreed. “We’re going up to see Philip now.”
Mr Randerson held up two shopping bags, which Jasmin could see contained sandwiches and other food items.
“We’d like you to come too, please,” he said.
“I think it might be a bit of a walk up the stairs to floor 17, don’t you? The lifts are broken.”
“Philip is on the top floor,” Mr Randerson corrected her. He sounded proud. “And there will be no problem getting there.”
Sam was feeling uncomfortable. Dr Soames was unable to contain his wonder at the abilities that she and her brother had displayed.
“That was incredible, what you and James did,” marvelled Dr Soames. “Have you always been able to do things like that?”
Sam shook her head.
“Nothing shows up in either your or your brother’s blood tests or X-rays to suggest there is anything significantly different about you,” he mused. “But it’s just fantastic. James healed from his major injuries in a few days. Now he seems to be able to heal at an even faster rate. Perhaps you will be able to as well? I wish I could examine your legs.”
Sam shrugged. She didn’t really like talking about this. Dr Soames was making her skin crawl.
“Should we ever get out of this, I’d like to do some tests on you both,” he said, matter-of-factly.
Sam felt a slight sweat creeping up her spine. She didn’t want more tests. Something inside her said that tests would be bad. If the tests she’d had so far had revealed nothing, it didn’t take a genius to figure out that more specific examinations would be really horrible.
“It’s only since the accident?” Soames clarified, full of academic interest in the case, his own plight temporarily forgotten.
Sam nodded, still not speaking.
“I wonder if the accident triggered something in your body? I’ve no idea what or how. But a near-death experience, a sudden rush of adrenalin, perhaps combined with your body already changing in puberty...” he shrugged, trying to gauge all the possibilities. “I’m sure we’d be able to find out how. It’s incredible.”
Sam had no intention of being a guinea pig. Her dad would protect her. She changed the subject.
“Why did you think I was close to Philip?” she asked.
Dr Soames looked momentarily annoyed at being snapped out of his speculative analysis.
“What?” he asked.
“Earlier,” Sam reminded him. “You said that you knew Philip and I were close. Why did you think that?”
“Oh. Ummm.” Dr Soames cast his mind back to try and think what had given him that idea. “I think Mr and Mrs Randerson mentioned something about it earlier. They wanted Philip to have a private room. They knew you had one. Mrs Randerson said it would be better for both of you if you were closer together. And your brother was reading to Philip and talking to him. I thought perhaps you were all close friends.”
Sam shrugged. That wasn’t really how she would describe it. She noticed, however, that Nurse Winter was standing over Ivan Reddington. Her back was turned. Sam nodded to Dr Soames.
Quickly and expertly, Dr Soames refilled the needle from the bottle, stowed the bottle in one pocket of his jacket, and the needle in the other. They were ready.
DI Stannard had fainted. James had caught her and laid her gently on the floor – which was impressively clean, he noted. Say what you like about McDonalds, but it was always spotless.
He tried to wake Stannard up. He could hear a commotion coming from the reception area. There was a large throng of people, predominantly police in riot gear. James wanted to go and get help, but he had a sense that the mood of the people was ugly. He elected to wait for a minute and find out what was happening.
The restaurant must have been evacuated in a hurry. There was a tray of large fries and a burger and Coke on the counter, untouched. James carefully reached up and brought the tray down to floor level. He had a good view out into the main reception area. He ate hungrily while he watched events unfold.
PC Nelson was worried. All the entrances and exits to the hospital had been secured, but they had a near-riot on their hands. Harden had arranged for ambulances to be rerouted to other hospitals. However outpatients, visitors and hospital staff were still turning up in droves, all demanding to know why they weren’t being allowed in to the building. Meanwhile staff inside, who had heard there was a security alert, were clamouring for an explanation as to why an alarm hadn’t been sounded and insisting on being allowed to leave. Nelson wondered what was happening to all the other people in the hospital. Did they even know anything was going on?
PC Nelson was grateful for the arrival of Chief Inspector Harden, accompanied by PC O’Brien, as they emerged from the only functioning lift. O’Brien remained in the lift, holding the doors open. Harden took a megaphone from one of the other officers.
“Sir, all hell is breaking loose down here,” shouted PC Nelson.
Harden walked straight past him. He clambered up onto the reception desk and started speaking through the megaphone.
“Your attention please. There has been a security alert in the hospital. Please leave the hospital as instructed. For those of you outside the building, please do not try to enter. You need to leave the grounds of the hospital immediately for your own safety.”
There was another uproar as a hundred voices from inside and out tried to make themselves heard. Harden put down his megaphone. Through the closed doors, he caught sight of Roger and Yvonne Blake pressed up against the glass, trying to attract his attention. He walked towards them. Yvonne Blake waved hopefully and desperately at him. He met their gaze for a short while, then turned his back. He spoke to the nearest officer, a 22-year-old man called Fitzgerald.
“First chance you get, lad, have those two at the front arrested for breach of the peace.”
Fitzgerald looked unsure, but Harden’s gaze was determined. Fitzgerald could feel his will buckling as his superior’s eyes bore into his own.
“Yessir.”
Harden marched back to the lift, and he and O’Brien went soaring back to floor 36.
Fitzgerald opened the door to the hospital so they could usher the hospital staff out into the car park.
Roger Blake put a foot in the door.
“Please. I have to speak to Chief Superintendent Harden. My children are in there.”
“Step back from the door please, sir,” Fitzgerald ordered.
Instead, Roger tried to push his way forward. Fitzgerald grabbed him by the arm, turned him around, read him his rights and handcuffed him.
Roger Blake looked at his wife incredulously. He had just been arrested.
Chapter 15 – Interlude
Lolly sat outside a street café in West London. She should have blended in with the hundreds of other locals, students, tourists, and passers-by, who were all out enjoying the Sunday summer evening sunshine. However, she formed a rather incongruous sight in her immaculate school uniform and sunglasses.
There was something about her poise, her self-assured attitude, which made her look older than her 16 years. She looked like she was doing a modelling shoot for a glossy magazine. The man at the table next to Lolly was sweating profusely in the heat. Lolly looked cool as a cucumber.
The windows had been folded back so that the entire front of the café was open to the street. A large television inside the café was showing 24/7 Interactive News. Footage was cutting from the riot scene outside the hospital, to the news anchor, to the live images from inside the building. These events were all happening less than five miles from where Lolly was sitting.
Lolly sipped her iced Coke, picked up her mobile phone and called her father.
“Hello sweetheart,” said the voice down the phone. “Yes, I’m watching. This wasn’t in the plan. What’s happened?”
“I don’t know,” Lolly replied. “Both their phones are out of action now so I can’t eavesdrop.”
The man at the table next to Lolly looked up from his paper, disapprovingly. Lolly smiled at him, put her hand over her mobile and mouthed to the man:
“It’s my younger sister. Going out with a man your age. We’re concerned.”
The man nodded uncertainly.
Lolly returned to the conversation with her father.
“We’re reliant on this journalist lady who is inside. Thank goodness she’s on the ball. She’s very impressive.”
“Are you referring to her journalism skills or her looks, Daddy?” asked Lolly, with a note of pique in her voice.
“Both.”
“Could this be something to do with whoever rescued the kids from the coach?” asked Lolly, steering the conversation back to the business in hand.
“I don’t think so,” said her father. “Whoever that was, they were obviously trying to save the kids’ lives. I’m looking into that at the moment. This is something different. Something else I didn’t foresee.”
“Shall I get in there and find out what’s going on?”
There was a pause.
“Yes. All right. But Lauren–”
“I know. I know. I’ll be careful.”
Lolly finished her Coke and got up. She felt excited. Time to do something useful at last! 
Chapter 16 – Recovery
Mr and Mrs Randerson strode imperiously along the tenth-floor corridors, towards the lifts. Jasmin, Dave and Tommy followed along behind, swapping puzzled glances. Jasmin was intrigued. The Randersons were clearly fruitcakes, but if there was just a slight chance that they knew of a working lift that would get them to the top floor, then Jasmin was happy to take it.
The lift area was empty. It seemed that people had finally given up their futile stabbing at the call button, their arguing and complaining, and had just decided to make use of the restaurant. People were odd, thought Jasmin.
The Randersons stood in front of the middle of the three lifts. Mr Randerson pressed the call button and the lift appeared within minutes. They entered. Jasmin and Dave entered too. Mr Randerson then put out a hand to stop Tommy.
“Best you stay here, eh Tommy?” he said in a tone that was both affable and somehow threatening. Tommy wasn’t fussed. He nodded to Jasmin, watched the doors close and the lift rise up. He headed back to the restaurant to see if there were any more doughnuts.
James finished his meal. He had watched Harden leave, but he couldn’t see the main door, so he was unaware that his parents were now being detained in the back of a police van. Stannard was starting to stir. James found some water in a cup and tipped it over her. She spluttered and sat up.
“Are you ok?” he asked, cautiously.
Stannard looked around, totally disoriented. Her head was killing her. She felt sick. What was the last thing she remembered? The kid. Emma Venton. The girl had hit her. Then... it just felt like she’d had the most terrible, but vivid, dream.
“Where am I?”
“In McDonalds,” said James, simply.
Stannard shook her head.
“But I’m a vegetarian,” she said, groggily.
“Bet you steal your husband’s chips though,” joked James, helping her to her feet. “I’m so glad you’re normal again.”
“What do you mean?”
“Don’t you remember anything that’s happened in the last few hours? Kidnapping my sister? Top floor? I think Emma Venton did something to you and to Mr Harden. You became like those sleepwalking patients and nurses.”
“I did?” Stannard felt very unsteady on her feet. She must have concussion. She wanted to be sick again. James decided against offering her a burger.
“Mrs Stannard, you’ve got to do something. Mr Harden has got my sister and Dr Soames on floor 36. They’re prisoners. I don’t know why. It’s Emma Venton. She’s controlling people somehow. But you’re ok now. Mr Harden has told everyone there is a security alert to keep people away from the top floor. You’ve got to go and tell all those policemen the truth.”
Stannard tried focusing. What was the truth? She could see the riot police in the reception area. The banging noise that she thought was just in her head, was actually coming from outside, she now realised. She met the eyes of PC Nelson, who gratefully came running over towards them.
“Ma’am, where did you come from?”
“Doesn’t matter,” she said, clinging on to his arm for support. “Have you seen Chief Superintendent Harden?”
“He was here a few minutes ago. He’s treating this place like some kind of G20 demo. He’s just had two people nicked for trying to get in. Just a man and a woman who were trying to see their kid. There’s going to be violence any minute. TV crews are outside. The Met is going to be hauled over the coals for this one.”
“I need to get to a phone,” said Stannard, feeling her stomach heave again. Her memory of the last few hours was foggy, but somehow she believed James. “Chief Superintendent Harden is...” she chose her words carefully, “… unwell. I have to go over his head. Who’s in charge down here?”
“CO19 seem to have taken over,” said Nelson. “Sergeant Blunt. Cocky so-and-so. Reckons himself.”
“What about my sister?” asked James, urgently.
“We’ll get her back, James, I promise,” Stannard assured him. She could really do with a cup of tea. “I’ll take some officers up to floor 36 and we’ll sort this all out.”
James couldn’t help but wonder if that would be enough.
Jasmin stepped out onto the 36th floor behind the Randersons. She looked up and down the empty corridors warily. Dave started filming again.
“Where’s Philip?”
The Randersons just smiled at her.
“Why don’t you look around, Miss Sharma?” asked Mrs Randerson, icily. “You’re the one who is supposed to be good at uncovering stories.”
Jasmin noticed a mop propped up against the door of a ward. She walked towards it. Dave followed, camera rolling.
Jasmin opened the door of the ward. What she saw made her blood run cold. There were six beds in the ward. None of them had sheets on. The mattresses were covered in plastic sheeting. Three of the beds each had a body on it. A dead body, Jasmin noted. She recognised one of them.
“Ryan Hawkins,” muttered Dave Sturn. Jasmin tentatively approached the body.
“Strangled.” She looked back into the corridor where the Randersons stood watching. It was unthinkable that they had done this. These two petty, over-protective, badly dressed, fussy parents. Irritating? Yes. Cold-blooded killers? No. This wasn’t Midsomer Murders.
Dave was busy roving with his camera. There were two other bodies in the room. Both were young men. One was dressed like a cleaner. The other was in a flashy, shiny suit. Dave didn’t know either of them, although he had a feeling the second man had been a CID officer.
Jasmin stood before Mrs Randerson, looking appalled.
“You knew about this?” she asked.
“He was a grubby little man,” said Mrs Randerson. “Dishonest, like the rest of your profession, Miss Sharma.”
“Did you kill him?” asked Jasmin, almost fearful of her own words. 
“Certainly not!” stormed Mr Randerson. Mrs Randerson looked as though someone had criticised her garden.
“Then who killed him?” asked Jasmin, looking over her shoulder, relieved that Dave was pointing the camera at her now. “Why?”
“Look in his pocket.”
Jasmin noticed that one of Ryan Hawkins’ jacket pockets had a slight bulge in it. She didn’t want to touch the corpse at all, but she reluctantly delved her hand into the pocket and pulled out a digital camera. She switched it on and scrolled through the photos.
“Samantha Blake in her hospital bed,” she said to Dave. This was low, even for Ryan. But it didn’t explain why Hawkins was dead.
“Samantha Blake is very special to my Philip. This disgusting individual had to be punished for taking these photos of her, just to sell to a newspaper.”
“Who killed him?”
“In life,” clarified Mr Randerson, “there are always those to do the dirty jobs.”
“Which brings us back to you, Miss Sharma. I told you that your wickedness would not go unpunished. Wicked boys and girls always get what they deserve. We’ve always taught Philip that.”
Behind the Randersons, Chief Superintendent Harden and PC O’Brien walked into the room.
“Nurse Winter,” called out Dr Soames. “I think Philip is coming out of his coma.”
Nurse Winter had been standing over Ivan Reddington, who was still on his knees, staring into space. Nurse Winter looked up. The blank expression on her face made it impossible to tell whether she believed Dr Soames, but she approached the bed anyway.
She leaned over Philip and peered closely at his eyes. Dr Soames deftly removed the syringe from his pocket and injected the anaesthetic directly into Nurse Winter’s right buttock. She looked at him, and for a second there was a trace of emotion. Surprise. Then she collapsed. Dr Soames caught her with his free hand and laid her as gently as possible on the floor.
Sam looked around the ward. The patients in the other beds hadn’t stirred.
“She hasn’t got the key for the handcuffs,” Dr Soames reported, as he checked the nurse’s pockets.
“I might be able to help,” said Sam. “I can snap the chain.” Dr Soames raised an eyebrow, but he didn’t comment and he didn’t doubt her.
“But you can’t walk.”
With difficulty, and some considerable pain, Sam swung her legs so she was sitting up on the side of the bed. She grabbed hold of her bedside locker for balance and was able to get herself into a standing position. She was only two metres away from Dr Soames, but there was nothing to grab hold of on the wall. Would she have the strength to walk the distance without the aid of crutches?
She placed one leg forward. Then another. Now she had no choice but to let go of the locker. She released her grip and took another step. Her legs gave way. She pitched forward, breaking her fall with her hands. Agonising pains shot down both legs.
Dr Soames pulled at his handcuffs in useless frustration.
“Sam, are you all right?”
Sam nodded, catching her breath. She was only a metre away from Dr Soames’ outstretched hand. Using her hands, she dragged herself forward several centimetres. The pain shot through her legs again.
“That’s it, Sam. Good girl.”
Sam gritted her teeth. If one more person said that to her...! She heaved her body further along the floor. Dr Soames hand was almost within touching range. With one last painful effort, she pulled herself the remaining distance.
“Well. It seems our little urchin has found her true place in the world,” said a high-pitched, borderline-hysterical voice.
Sam looked up. At first she saw a pair of faux-suede, Victorian-style, lace-up ankle boots, with four rows of shiny metal buttons reflecting the little light in the room. She forced her gaze upwards and beyond the ankles took in a neat navy-blue suit, cream blouse and a string of pearls. Sam’s first thought was that, good effort though it was, the footwear did not match the Reiss suit.
“Mrs Randerson,” said Dr Soames, in disbelief.
Philip’s mother? A penny started to drop in Sam’s head. It was crazy. She needed to think about it. A theory had formed in her mind and she needed to see if it fitted the facts. She felt Dr Soames take hold of her hand.
“Help me with her, for pity’s sake!” Dr Soames appealed to the Randersons. Mrs Randerson simply regarded the prone girl with haughty contempt.
“She seems to have found her correct station in life. I don’t know what my Philip sees in her,” she sneered. Mr Randerson, who was still clutching his shopping bags, smiled encouragingly at Sam.
“I’m sure she’s not all bad, dear,” he offered. “You know what young people are like.”
As carefully as he could, Dr Soames helped Sam to her feet. She fell against the metal rail alongside Philip’s bed. As she fell, she pulled at the handcuffs’ chain. It snapped cleanly. 
Now that he was free, Dr Soames helped Samantha back to her own bed and gently raised her legs back on to the mattress. She was in agony.
“Mrs Randerson, what are you doing up here?” he asked as he helped Sam. “Are you a prisoner?”
“Don’t be silly, Dr Soames. Nobody here is a prisoner. But some people do need to be taught some manners. You, for example. I don’t remember anyone giving you permission to leave Philip’s bed.” She examined the handcuffs. “Samantha broke them, did she? If Philip is to start courting her then she must learn how to behave. But she’s not the only one.”
She turned to the door. PC O’Brien and Chief Superintendent Harden were pushing a hospital bed into the ward. Restrained in the bed, with a gag in her mouth, was Jasmin Sharma. They pushed her into a space against the wall opposite Sam’s bed and left her there. Behind her, a handcuffed Dave Sturn was led in. His camera was on Jasmin’s bed. 
“This is ridiculous,” said Soames and started marching towards the door. Harden barred his way. Dr Soames knew better than to get into a fight with a sleepwalker, particularly one as tough as Harden.
“The dirty Miss Sharma,” announced Mrs Randerson. “The television star. The liar. With a wicked tongue. Dennis, would you mind?”
Mr Randerson pulled out a large container from one of his shopping bags. Inside was a thick, orange liquid. He uncapped the container and began to tip it over Jasmin Sharma and her bed. The orange liquid splattered over her white nurse’s uniform, over her face and into her hair. Jasmin was trying to scream, trying to break free of her bonds, but she was helpless.
“What are you doing?” asked Dr Soames.
Dave Sturn took a step towards Jasmin’s bed but Harden restrained him with a meaty hand.
“Is that alcohol gel?” asked Sam, incredulously. She could smell it from her own bed. “When you said she was dirty, I didn’t think you meant you were literally going to disinfect her.”
“Oh, something a little stronger than that,” said Mrs Randerson, laying a napkin on the chair she was about to sit on. “Alcohol gel is very flammable. We’re going to set fire to Miss Sharma.”
Chapter 17 – Bad Dream
James watched, temporarily forgotten, from inside the empty McDonalds. He silently munched on another burger, picking occasionally at the bag of fries. He wrote on a napkin what items he had taken, his name and address, and promised to pay later. He left the IOU next to the till.
In the reception area, there had been a turnaround in the situation. Stannard had spent the last 20 minutes on the telephone to a media-conscious Commissioner of the Metropolitan police. She had been given orders to resolve the situation quickly and smoothly, with no loss of life and preferably without drawing too much attention to the fact that rogue police officers were at large in the hospital.
Given that there was no bomb threat, and the situation was confined to the top floor, Stannard had decided not to evacuate the rest of the hospital. She had established a wider cordon around the hospital site and she was preparing to lead a small team, armed with tasers, up to the top floor. She was all set. She remembered James, sitting on his own, and walked over to him.
“James, your parents are outside the cordon,” she said gently, putting her hand on his shoulder. He was a good boy. Brave and likeable. She hoped she might have a son like him herself one day. 
“Harden had them arrested, but they’ve been released now. I’m going to get PC Nelson to take you to them. They’re waiting for you.”
“Mrs Stannard, please be careful,” James urged. He had the feeling that she didn’t really appreciate what she was letting herself in for. “Emma Venton is strong. And the others are just like her. Can you remember what it was like up there? How are you going to stop them?”
“Don’t you worry about that. PC Nelson will take you out now. I promise that your sister will be safe.” Stannard just wanted to get on with the job. There was no room for doubts.
PC Nelson gave James an encouraging smile.
“Come on, lad. You’ve been brilliant. I’ll take you to your mum and dad.”
James accompanied PC Nelson out of the building. He wanted to see Mum and Dad. But, at the back of his mind, he kept wondering if he should teleport back up to floor 36. He could do it. He felt good. Strong. That food had really restored his morale. He had felt frail and vulnerable when he had materialised in McDonalds. But after eating three burgers, two large fries and a small salad, he felt powerful again. Invincible. Which made him wonder: maybe food was the key?
“Well, Samantha,” said Mrs Randerson, in Windsor Ward. “I think it’s about time you and I got to know each other better. Dennis, would you mind?”
Mr Randerson smiled affably. He picked up the small table from the corner of the room and placed it in the centre of the ward, in front of where his wife was seated. He then arranged another chair at the opposite end of the table.
“Mrs Randerson,” said Dr Soames. “Please tell me you are not behind all this madness. I thought it was Emma Venton?”
Mrs Randerson gave a little peel of laughter.
“That filthy creature? She’s another one who isn’t in the same class as my Philip. She was a terrible bully and her parents are no better. Have you seen them in the hospital looking after their daughter? No of course not. Too busy drinking, no doubt. No, she’s one of the little people.”
“I don’t understand,” said Dr Soames, bewildered.
“Oh my God!” Sam knew now that she was right. She looked at the Randersons; then at the sleeping form of Philip; and then Dr Soames. “It’s Philip isn’t it? He’s somehow doing all this.”
Mrs Randerson looked at her, slightly surprised.
“Of course. Philip is very clever. And he’s too good for you. But, if my son wants to... be friendly with a girl like you, well, a mother has to accept that her son must grow up. I’m sure he’ll find a girl of his own class in good time, when he’s had his fun. Dennis was the same.” She gave Mr Randerson a look that seemed to carry the weight of some old resentments. He smiled sheepishly.
“Anyway,” continued Mrs Randerson. “I don’t want you to think me a terrible ogre, so I’ve organised a tea party for you. We have sandwiches, and cakes, and jelly, and everything Philip likes. Not homemade, I’m afraid. I had to obtain it from the restaurant.” She looked genuinely apologetic.
Mr Randerson brought his shopping bag over to the table. He arranged some paper plates and plastic cups on the table, along with plastic knives and forks. Sam almost found it comical, but she was scared. The Randersons were creepy, and you just didn’t know what they were going to do. But her spirits soared when Mr Randerson started placing baguettes and cakes in the middle of the table. Her tummy rumbled noisily.
“I apologise for the lack of quality crockery,” said Mrs Randerson, sincerely.
“That’s all right,” Sam acknowledged. “This is more my class, isn’t it?”
“Dennis. Help Samantha over to the table. I won’t have her eating in bed.”
“What about Miss Sharma?” he enquired.
Jasmin was still desperately struggling against her bonds, nearly choking on the gag in her mouth.
“All in good time. She’ll have the moment in the spotlight that she craves.”
Harden’s phone rang. He answered it.
“Stannard?” There was a pause. “There’s nothing to discuss. Everything is under control. Do not attempt to approach this floor. We’ll be in touch when we need you. In the meantime, if anyone approaches, they’ll be killed.” He cut her off. Harden looked at Sam. “The same goes for anyone up here who gives us trouble.”
Anika Ali suddenly sat up in her bed again, as she had done before when James had been trying to rescue Sam. Silently, she got out of bed and walked out of the ward. Sam wondered where she was going. Other than Sam only Dr Soames paid any attention to the girl as she left. Sam was reminded of ants each performing their own individual function within a collective. 
Yvonne and Roger Blake gave their son a grateful hug. They were standing outside the towering hospital building. The car park had very few cars left in it. It was mainly police vehicles and news crews. PC Nelson had escorted James to his mum and dad, who had just been released from the back of a police van. Roger Blake was steaming with anger and indignation over the arrest.
“I hope for Mr Harden’s sake, and that of every policeman here, that they get my daughter out of there, or I personally will–”.
“Dad, please,” James interrupted. “It’s not Officer Nelson’s fault. It’s not Mr Harden’s fault either. It’s Emma Venton. She’s done something to everyone. They’re like sleepwalking zombies. It must be something to do with...” he tried to give his father a meaningful look. “Well, everything that’s been going on.”
Roger Blake tried to control himself.
“Please, sir,” said PC Nelson. “Accept my apologies. And like your son says, Mr Harden is not himself. But DI Stannard is in charge. She’ll get your daughter out safely. In the meantime, please stay near the police van, otherwise the media will be all over you. If you’ll excuse me, I’ve got to get back.” He ran off back towards the hospital entrance.
“Dad, Mum. I’ve got to get back in there,” James tried, knowing it wouldn’t go down well.
“No!” said Yvonne, taking hold of him firmly by the shoulders.
“How?” asked Roger.
“I can teleport myself in there. I know where it is now. I can get in and rescue Sam.”
“What’s ‘teleport’?” asked Yvonne. “Actually, I don’t care. Please darling. It’s bad enough Sam being in there. Please. Leave it to the police. They know what they are doing. They are trained for this.”
Roger appeared to be considering.
“Stay with us, Son,” he said, not quite sure of his decision. “Let’s see if the police can defuse the situation. They’ll get her out.”
Sam nearly cried with delirious delight when Mrs Randerson offered her a cheese sandwich. It was all she could do not to snatch it out of the scary woman’s hand. Maddeningly, Mrs Randerson insisted on cutting the sandwich into four segments and then removing the crust before passing it to her.
Mrs Randerson talked. Sam ate and listened.
“This is better, isn’t it?” she trilled, while Mr Randerson poured her some tea. “All Philip’s friends together.”
“I didn’t know Emma was one of Philip’s friends,” Sam pointed out.
“Dear me, no. She’s a revolting bully. Philip was disgusted at the way Emma picked on you. Even on the school trip, I know she wouldn’t leave you alone. The terrible things she says. I blame the lack of discipline in the school. She did the same to Philip many times. He has come home from school with blood pouring from his nose. She is the vilest of creatures. It seems only right that now she should serve Philip.”
“Serve?”
Mrs Randerson nodded enthusiastically.
“She’s supposed to be in a coma,” Sam fished.
“She is,” agreed Mrs Randerson. “That’s how Philip manages to control them. He just gets smarter and smarter doesn’t he?”
“Philip controls them?” asked Dr Soames, uncomprehendingly.
Sam knew she had been right.
“He’s got a power, hasn’t he?”
“Of course he has. I told you he was very clever.”
Yes, he was, thought Sam. Philip was very clever. Stuck in his hospital bed, unable to move, his mind was his only power.
“We got powers that... somehow were things we wanted, or things that were going on in our heads at the time,” Sam found herself thinking out loud. She remembered some things from the bombing now. How she had been trapped and wished she was strong enough to get free. How she had been burned and wished she could control the fire. Maybe James had got his teleportation power because he had been desperate to escape the inferno. What about Philip? Something to do with the fact that, for all his intelligence and being the brightest kid in school, he couldn’t do anything to save himself. 
It still didn’t explain how they had got their powers in the first place. It also didn’t make sense that the Randersons should just simply accept that their son was some kind of über Derren Brown and be proud of his mental rampage. Come to think of it, why was he doing it at all? Philip was nice. Weird, but there had never been any harm in him. She looked at Philip, asleep and immobile in his bed. Was this really all down to him?
“Philip has a highly developed intelligence,” boasted Mrs Randerson. “He’s far beyond the school. Beyond anyone. He can control other people’s minds, you see. At the moment, it’s only if they’re asleep, or unconscious, when their resistance is low. But he’s getting better at it. Soon he’ll be able to do it to anyone. He almost can now. Look at Mr Reddington,” she pointed at Reddington, still on his knees in front of the window. “It’s easier with him because he’s close by. It’s harder the further away they are. Oh, this cake is stale.” Mrs Randerson held the piece of fruitcake up to show Mr Randerson. He tutted. 
“Philip can make them strong, too,” Mrs Randerson added, wiping her hands on a napkin. “Like the Venton girl. Philip is doing her a kindness really. She was so badly hurt in the fire that if she ever woke up again she would be in a lot of pain. Better she is like this. Now her love of hurting people has finally been put to good use.”
Mr Randerson showed Sam the digital camera that belonged to Ryan Hawkins. She scrolled through the photographs of herself in her hospital bed. Sam felt sick, although curious as to where the teddy bear had come from.
“A nasty journalist, even seedier than Miss Sharma over there, took those,” Mrs Randerson explained. “Emma dealt with him for you.”
“You mean... she killed him?” asked Sam, appalled.
“Let’s not be coarse. Emma is coarse. If you want to be Philip’s girlfriend, you must learn to be more ladylike. I can help you with that.”
“Ladette to psycho, you mean?”
“Don’t think I won’t beat you,” warned Mrs Randerson. “Philip knows that I would do it. However strong you may be, I will still be obeyed.”
She’s seen me break the handcuffs, thought Sam. Mrs Randerson hadn’t seemed surprised. She knows about my power. Mrs Randerson seemed to know a lot of things; things that, on the face of it, it was impossible for her to know. She knew that Emma had been bullying Sam on the coach. She could only have got that information from Philip, except he couldn’t have told his mother because he hadn’t woken up.
“Is Philip controlling you, Mrs Randerson?” asked Sam, suddenly feeling more grown up than she had been seven days ago. She didn’t like it. She wished she was at home and it was a typical Sunday night. She wanted to be curled up on the sofa watching Pirates of the Caribbean with her mum and dad and James, eating popcorn, and putting off that Monday morning back-to-school feeling.
Mrs Randerson looked annoyed.
“Philip control me? His mother? Certainly not. Philip knows his place. He would never do that to us.”
“This is normal behaviour to you then, is it?”
“Philip respects his parents. He does what he is told.” Mrs Randerson was looking very irate.
“Are you sure about that? You said yourself that it’s not just unconscious people that he can control. You must be really tired and worried. Have you been sitting at his bedside a lot? Have you felt guilty too?” she asked, suddenly feeling inspired, and trying to remember which magazine she had got this psychology stuff from. “I reckon he could have got into your head as well.”
Outraged, Mrs Randerson got up and approached Philip’s bed.
“Philip, you wouldn’t do that to your mother, would you?” She turned to her husband. “He wouldn’t would he?”
“Of course not, dear,” Mr Randerson put a consoling arm around her. “Samantha’s got it all wrong. You know what children are like with their imaginations.”
I’m not wrong, thought Sam. She helped herself to some cake.
“Fruitcake, Mrs Randerson?” she asked cheekily. 
Mrs Randerson didn’t get the joke. She shook her head and started stroking Philip’s head. 
If I could regain my strength, thought Sam, maybe I can end this nightmare. Which suddenly made her think of all the strange dreams and nightmares that she’d had since being in the hospital. Dreams are weird. They are so vivid and yet, shortly after you wake up, you can’t even remember you have had one. Then, maybe later in the day, or the next day, someone says something and all of a sudden the dream or nightmare comes back to you. That was the feeling Sam had now. Then it struck her how many of those odd dreams had included Philip. All of them.
It was like Sam had had an epiphany.
“Dr Soames. Ever since the accident, I’ve had... horrible dreams. So real. So vivid, and yet so nasty. When I wake up, I’m drenched in sweat. Is that normal?”
Dr Soames looked nonplussed by Sam’s offbeat question, but his professionalism made him respond.
“Well, er, yes. Quite common really. You’ve had a terrible shock, both mentally and physically. It’s the way the mind copes with a trauma. You could continue to experience those dreams for some time. Sometimes the medication that you receive can heighten them. Make them seem more real.”
“Maybe Philip is experiencing that? He’s in a coma, but that doesn’t mean his brain stops working does it?”
“No,” said Soames, realising Sam was on to something. The girl was remarkable. He found it hard to believe he hadn’t come to the same conclusion. “You’re quite right. Many patients, upon waking up from a coma, claim to have had the most shockingly vivid dreams.”
“I reckon that’s it. Philip is controlling people, but he probably doesn’t mean to. He probably doesn’t even know he’s doing it. To him, it’s all a dream. If it was you or me having these dreams, they stay locked in our heads. But because Philip has these powers, he’s making it happen. What am I trying to say?” Sam tried to catch up with the speed of her thoughts. “He’s managed to include us all in his nightmare! That’s what he’s done. What he’s dreaming, he’s making real. We need him to wake up. We need to stop him dreaming.”
Dr Soames’s brain was racing. The girl was a genius. A week ago he would have put it down to over-imaginative girlish nonsense. Now he realised that Sam had been far more perceptive than even he himself!
“Yes. Yes,” his enthusiasm overcame his pride. Then a thought struck him, as he remembered Philip’s condition. “But I don’t think we’re going to be able to wake him. His physical condition is too weak. It is more likely that he will stay in this coma indefinitely. He will probably never wake up.”
“Then we’re stuck in the nightmare with him,” concluded Sam.
DI Stannard was tired. Her thighs and calves ached. She was leading a team of five highly-trained officers from CO19 on a rescue mission up 36 flights of stairs.
Special Firearms Officers Shelley, Patel, Smith, Loach and Bailey followed her. They had been unable to summon a lift. No doubt they had been deliberately stuck at the top floor.
Stannard had already arranged for backup to be available in the form of helicopters, with a view to getting people onto the roof. But that would be a last resort. Not something the Commissioner would want on the news and all over the internet.
Her team had reached floor 33 and stopped for another rest. Each officer was carrying a taser and wearing a bulletproof vest. None of the individuals on the top floor was thought to be carrying any weapons, but it was standard procedure.
The taser is a non-lethal, hand-held weapon, often used by Special Firearms Officers to subdue potential hostiles without causing permanent injury. It has a distinctive black and yellow design and it fires a small projectile that is connected to the gun via two wires. The wires conduct an electrical charge to the target, which renders the hostile immobile. Stannard still wasn’t sure how she felt about firing the weapon at a child. 
She looked up. Two, possibly three, floors above them on the staircase she could see someone. She caught a glimpse of a dressing gown and some bandages. She indicated to the other officers to be silent, and they proceeded up the next two flights of stairs.
Anika Ali was standing on the stairs like a statue. Stannard recognised her from the files. She knew she had probably been in the same room as this girl only a short while earlier, but it felt like a half-remembered dream.
Anika looked at the officers but didn’t speak. Stannard eyed her nervously. She kept her own taser lowered, but didn’t stop the other SFOs from keeping their weapons trained on the girl.
“Anika, my name is Detective Inspector Stannard. We’d like you to come with us. You need medical help. Please come down here. One of my officers will take you to a doctor where you will receive treatment. Do you understand?”
The girl started walking. Stannard wasn’t sure what to do. She had, after all, asked Anika to come with them and she seemed to be complying. Then again, she might just be coming for them.
“Slowly, please,” asked Stannard. But the girl was already walking slowly. It was like the lumbering gait of an Egyptian mummy from a cheap horror film.
“Officer Smith will escort you downstairs,” said Stannard, pointing at the SFO standing behind her on the stairs. Anika Ali continued her descent in silence.
Stannard braced herself as the girl drew level. But Anika didn’t look at her, didn’t speak. She walked past Stannard and stood next to Officer Smith. Stannard exhaled. She hadn’t realised she’d been holding her breath.
“Thank you,” she said, and she meant it. “Officer Smith will–”.
Before she could finish her sentence, Anika swung out her arm and connected with Officer Smith. He wasn’t quick enough to react and caught the full force of the blow on his temple. He crashed down the stairs. 
Officer Loach, standing behind Smith, was wrong-footed by his collapsing colleague. Before he could react, Anika pushed forward and knocked Loach to one side. Stannard reached forward and grabbed Anika’s arm, but was herself then pulled down the steps. She grabbed hold of the handrail and was only just able to stop herself pitching headlong into the glass windows. 
Officer Patel, one step down from Loach, fired her taser but missed. The electrical bolt hit the whitewashed wall and fell uselessly to the floor. Anika clubbed her to the floor and she dropped down to the bottom of the flight of steps.
The remaining two CO19 officers, Bailey and Shelley, still reluctant to use their tasers on a young girl, made a combined assault on Anika by grabbing an arm each. They were totally unprepared for the phenomenal strength that the 14-year-old girl was able to exert.
Bailey was lifted bodily off the ground as he held on to one arm. Anika swung her arm in a wide arc, knocking Bailey over the line of the handrail and dropping him down on to the stairs below. He broke his neck on impact.
Shelley found that he was no longer holding on to Anika, rather the girl was holding on to him. She pushed with superhuman strength and Shelley went flying over Stannard’s head and smashed through the stairwell window, plummeting 35 flights to the ground below.
Stannard looked on horrified. Only three of the original six-strong team were still standing. One member was still unconscious, two were dead. 
Officer Loach backed down the stairs to give himself a clear line of sight at Anika Ali. He kept cool, aimed his taser and took his chance. It hit the girl squarely in the chest and she convulsed as the electrical energy wracked her body. 
Anika dropped to the floor, still twitching. Stannard, Loach and Patel looked at one another in rapid succession, checking to make sure each was ok. No one moved for a few seconds. Stannard finally got up and checked on Smith. He was unconscious. Patel checked on Bailey. He was clearly dead. Loach made sure Anika was unconscious.
“What do we do Ma’am?” Loach asked Stannard.
“Go and get help from a doctor on floor 30. Get them to help Smith and to... take care of Bailey,” her voice faltered. “We’ve got to carry on.”
Loach nodded. He started running down the stairs. Suddenly he was hit in the back by a taser bolt. He crashed to the floor, convulsing and writhing in agony. Stannard looked around. Smith was standing up. He dropped the taser gun and picked up Bailey’s fallen weapon. He used it to shoot Patel who was too surprised even to react.
Stannard fired her own weapon and missed. Now she was unarmed. Smith had the look of a sleepwalker, the same as Anika. He would be unstoppable. She had to bring in the backup. She ran down the stairs as fast as she could. She knew that when the rest of the team woke up, they would most likely be sleepwalkers too.
“Why do you think Philip brought us up here?” Sam asked Mrs Randerson. They were still having their weird tea party in Windsor Ward on floor 36. The wind continued to whistle noisily around the building and blow through the broken window. Sam was shivering in her thin nightdress, with the blanket from her bed wrapped around her. She still didn’t know if her legs were healing under the plaster and she couldn’t even guess at what Mrs Randerson would do next.
“What do you mean?” asked Mrs Randerson, who was looking more and more distant.
“I mean Philip arranged for us all to be up here. One way or another, we’re here because of him. Why?”
“I… I... don’t know.” Mrs Randerson faltered.
“You said Philip isn’t controlling you. But you’re up here with us and you don’t know why?” Sam almost felt sorry for Mrs Randerson. She wished she could stop shivering.
Mrs Randerson looked at Sam sadly.
“Do you know why?”
Sam shook her head. “Only Philip knows that. I wish we could ask him.” Another moment of inspiration struck her. “Maybe he feels safe?”
“Safe?”
“Yes. Safe. It’s like he is hiding up here. It’s like running upstairs to your bedroom or hiding under your bed. That’s what I want to do when I’m scared. That’s what I wanted to do when I woke up in the hospital after the bomb. I just wanted to feel safe. But then as soon as my parents were with me, I did feel safe. I knew they would always look after me unconditionally. I never even thought about it before, about how much I love them and feel safe with them.” Sam felt vulnerable again. She didn’t like opening up in front of her parents, let alone strangers. She looked to see if she was getting through to Mrs Randerson.
“Maybe Philip didn’t feel the same as me? Maybe you don’t make him feel safe?” Sam hesitated over her next words. “Maybe, you scare him?”
“No... no. We have always done what is best for him. He is our pride and joy,” Mrs Randerson protested. She looked at Dr Soames. “What do you mean, he’ll never wake up?”
“Mrs Randerson, Philip’s condition is deteriorating. It is, unfortunately, quite common with coma patients that over time they physically degenerate. Muscles start to waste, their mental condition worsens.”
“How long, Doctor?” asked Sam, her mind racing.
“It varies from patient to patient but, with Philip, it is happening remarkably quickly.” Dr Soames looked at Philip and appeared to notice something for the first time.” Also, there is nothing left in the food tube. We have to get him more.”
Yes! I’m right, thought Sam. It was the same problem that she and James faced. If they used their powers, they burned up more and more calories. Philip was using his mental powers all the time, so that must mean he needed a larger supply of food. All the time he was being looked after in Uxbridge Ward, he had been getting his supply replenished. Now it was all gone.
She had noticed how frail he looked before. Now she knew why. Philip, so intelligent, hadn’t appeared to have worked out what it was that was gave him the energy to use his powers. 
Sam ate another sandwich. Now she was in a quandary. Should she say anything? If she explained about the food, then Philip would understand how to make himself stronger and he’d be able to maintain this mental nightmare. But if she didn’t say anything, Philip would die. 
If she could get through to him, get him to wake up and stop using his powers, then maybe he would get better. Perhaps he would heal, just as she and James had.
“Do you think Philip feels safe with you?” Sam asked Mrs Randerson. She thought for a second that tears were welling up in the woman’s eyes.
“Of course. I’m his mother.”
“I don’t. I think he’s acting out a dream where he is in charge of all the people that have been bossing him about, or bullying him. Like you, like Emma. He’s got a power now and he’s using it. But if we can make him feel safe, maybe he’ll stop.”
“What are you saying, Samantha?” asked Dr Soames, annoyed that he couldn’t follow her train of thought.
“He needs more food, Dr Soames. And he needs to stop using his power. It’s the only way he’ll get better. Mrs Randerson, you have to let Philip know he’s safe.” 
Mrs Randerson didn’t move. Mr Randerson just looked confused.
“Philip, can you hear me?” Sam called out. “We’re all your friends here. You need to stop using your power. If you stop, then you’ll get better.”
“How do you know that?” asked Dr Soames.
“Because it is what happened to me and James.” Sam felt frustrated. What else could she say or do?
“Philip. Can you hear me? If you can, please stop this. It’s not a dream. It’s real. You’re hurting real people.”
“This is nonsense,” asserted Mr Randerson.
“It isn’t.” Sam wanted to scream at him. “Philip. No one is trying to hurt you. We’re all safe. All of us. We’re all your friends.”
Everyone went silent. They all looked at Philip, waiting for some kind of sign that Sam was right and that her words were having an effect.
Everyone jumped when the silence was broken.
“We’re under attack,” called a girl’s voice from the doorway. Anika Ali stood flanked by officers Patel, Loach and Smith. 
Sam immediately recognised that they were all sleepwalkers.
“Right,” Harden took up a position in the centre of the room, speaking to everyone. “Time to fight back.”
Chapter 18 – Attack
In the hospital reception area Stannard was fighting for breath as she relayed the events of the botched rescue to Sergeant Blunt.
“We’ve got to send in more men,” he urged. “We’ll strike first, taser everyone. There’s not many of them. But we’ve got to sort this mess out. Two officers down already and Shelley’s death was all over the TV.”
Stannard nodded.
“Get the teams ready. One goes up via the stairs. One from a helicopter dropping onto the roof. I’m going in the helicopter though. I’ve had it with the stairs.”
“Ma’am! Ma’am,” shouted PC Nelson, running into the reception area. “You need to see this.” He was carrying a laptop. It was showing 24/7 Interactive News. A live report. He held the laptop so Stannard and Blunt could watch.
Chief Superintendent Harden was in front of the camera, standing next to Jasmin Sharma’s bed.
“Is this being broadcast to the world?” asked Stannard, horrified.
“No. The 24/7 people alerted us as soon as the cameraman contacted them. They think it’s going out live up there, but it’s only us that’s seeing it.”
Stannard felt relieved. A live TV event was the last thing the Commissioner would stand for.
They watched. Harden was beckoning the camera closer to Jasmin Sharma’s bed.
“I’m sure you’ll recognise your publicity hungry, duplicitous reporter,” he said, gruffly. “We’ve covered her in alcohol. I’m sure it’s not a first for her.” He smiled coldly at the camera. “She’s all right. She’s safe. Nothing will happen to her as long as we are left alone. We don’t want anyone else to come up here.” Harden stepped out of the way and Mrs Randerson entered the frame.
“Good evening. My name is Glennis Randerson. No doubt you saw my interview earlier in the day.”
Stannard and Blunt exchanged puzzled looks. 
“Who does she think she is? The Queen?” asked Blunt.
“This woman,” Mrs Randerson indicated Jasmin, bound and gagged in the bed, “promised to get my darling Philip treated in America. She was lying to further her career. Now, I’m a forgiving person. And I’m prepared to live and let live. As long as my Philip is kept safe. Otherwise Miss Sharma is going to experience what my poor Philip experienced when he was trapped in the burning coach. She’s going to know how it felt.”
Mrs Randerson took out a box of matches from her handbag and struck one. She let it burn in front of the camera. 
“And then Miss Sharma can decide whether a good story is more important than receiving effective treatment.”
“You’re mad!” came a muffled voice off-camera. Stannard thought it sounded like Samantha Blake. The camera swung around to reveal her, sitting in a chair, legs in plaster, holding a sandwich. “Philip!” she was pleading. “Stop this.”
The camera panned around the room.
“It’s a Mad Hatter’s tea party up there,” observed Sergeant Blunt, taking in the impromptu picnic.
The camera settled on Ivan Reddington, still on his knees. There was the sound of a muffled squeal. The camera switched round again to Jasmin. She was trying to sit up on the bed, but was unable to because of her restraints. She hadn’t noticed her former lover in the room before. Harden walked across the room and stood over Reddington. 
“Get up,” Harden ordered. Reddington quietly picked himself up and stood passively in front of the Chief Superintendent. Harden faced the camera.
“This is just so you know what we’re capable of up here,” he said, matter-of-factly. He turned back to Reddington. “Mr Reddington. Walk towards the broken window.”
“He’s going to make him jump!” muttered Stannard. 
“He wouldn’t. He can’t!” said Blunt.
They watched Reddington do as he was instructed. They could hear Samantha Blake’s desperate protests in the background. 
Harden turned back towards the camera again. Reddington could be seen just over his right shoulder.
“Jump,” said Harden. Reddington jumped. They could hear Samantha Blake screaming and muffled cries from Jasmin Sharma.
“Keep watching,” said Harden, and he walked away from the camera.
“Oh my God,” said Stannard. “Nelson, get someone out there to take care of Mr Reddington’s body.”
“They’re going to kill everyone up there Ma’am.” Blunt started checking his taser. “Let’s get going. Helicopter is on its way down. I’ll take the stairs.”
Outside, standing by the police van, James Blake had acted fast and he felt exhilarated. There had been a collective gasp from the ever-growing crowd around the hospital site when they spotted Ivan Reddington appear at the broken window. This was followed by a cacophony of screams as the man jumped, apparently to his death. 
Instinctively, James reached out his hand. He was standing over 50 metres from the side of the building that Reddington had jumped from, but not for a second did James believe he was too far away. Despite his earlier failures, he already felt an unshakeable confidence in his new abilities. He could feel adrenalin pumping through his veins; a force like electricity surging through every fibre of his being; and he was awash with a rush of pleasure in exerting the strength of his telekinetic power.
He could feel the weight of Reddington’s body as it was falling the nearly 150 metres to the ground below. He could feel himself pushing against the travelling mass, trying to slow it down. And he was succeeding. His stomach muscles felt tight and at one point he almost laughed. But it was working.
The crowd watched in disbelief as the falling man seemed to slow down in mid air.
The whole event was over in a less than ten seconds, but James had done it. Reddington still hit the ground with a thump, but nothing that would seriously injure him.
James realised he was breathing heavily. He felt like he had just performed 100 sit-ups.
Roger and Yvonne Blake looked at their son in wonder.
“I did that,” gasped James. “I saved him.”
“I know you did, Son,” said Roger Blake, rubbing James’s back. He was delighted, but anxious. Something was troubling him, but with events moving so fast there was no time to sit down and think through what that issue might be. “I know you did.”
James straightened up. His strength had returned already. This was brilliant. Was there nothing he couldn’t do?
Ambulance crews were rushing over to where Reddington lay on the tarmac. Further away from the hospital, a police helicopter was touching down in a large, deserted section of the car park. DI Stannard ran towards it. James watched her as she was helped into the helicopter. He saw her check her taser. He watched the helicopter lift into the air, his mind made up.
“I’ve got to get up there, Dad. I’ll be careful, but it’s all gone wrong hasn’t it? They’re not going to be able to rescue Sam. We’ve already seen one man die. I managed to save that last one, but what if something happens to Sam up there? I’ve got to make sure she’s all right.”
Roger looked at his wife. She was torn between fearing for her daughter and the thought of letting go of her son.
Roger made a decision.
“Ok. You can go. But you’re taking me with you.”
“I can’t, Dad,” James reacted. He felt the same protective nature for his father as his father had for him. He couldn’t put his parents in danger. “I know I can bring Sam out. But I don’t know if I can bring both of you out.”
“Don’t worry about that. Just get Sam out. I’ll find my own way.”
“I can’t do that, Dad.”
“James – either we both go, or no one goes,” Roger ordered.
James waited, frustrated.
Chief Superintendent Harden watched the police helicopter hovering in front of the windows of the 36th floor. He had dispatched Patel, Loach and Smith back to the stairwell to guard the entrance.
“They’ll probably try and land people on the roof and then come down the fire stairs,” he observed. “Another team will use the regular staircase.” 
As he watched, the helicopter rose higher into the air, beyond his viewing range. He turned back to Dave Sturn who was still nervously filming.
“It looks like we’re going to have to give your partner,” he gestured towards Jasmin, “her big moment. A blaze of publicity, you might say.”
Dave said nothing.
Emma Venton and Jerome Lake quietly got out of their beds and stood next to Anika Ali, forming a sort of parade-ground line in front of Harden. 
“You three. Up to the roof,” he commanded. “We’re fighting for survival. Go.”
The three sleepwalkers lumbered out of the ward.
Mrs Randerson watched them go, and then she looked down her nose at Sam.
“Why are you crying, girl?” she asked sternly.
Sam had her head in her hands. She almost didn’t know the answer to that question. She had seen so many terrible things over the last week that, really, one more death shouldn’t have affected her so much, should it? She couldn’t stop shaking and it wasn’t because she was cold. She had to do something. Broken legs or not, she had to end the nightmare.
Dave Sturn kept filming. He had no idea what was going to happen. He looked at Jasmin. She was frightened, but gave him a wink. He admired her bravery. He wondered whether this was being broadcast to the world. It was explosive footage. There had never been a story like it, he was sure. If Jasmin survived, she had got one hell of a scoop. He spoke into the microphone that he had used to contact the outside broadcast van in the car park. “You still getting all this, Sharon?”
The 24/7 Interactive News outside broadcast van was parked in the grounds of the hospital, close to numerous police vehicles. Sharon Sweet sat in front of the monitors and PCs. For outside broadcasts, the cameraman and presenter could be wirelessly connected to the OB van, which then boosted the signal back to the studio and transmitted the programme, via playout servers, to the satellite, cable and internet TV networks.
Sharon was in charge of the OB van, and it was her job to co-ordinate between the studio and the presenter and cameraman. When Dave Sturn’s request had come through to broadcast events live from the hospital, she had immediately alerted the police. They had then ensured that only the police could view the live footage, to help plan their attack on the 36th floor.
Sharon sat in the van with her colleague Tom Barnard and one of the police IT specialists, Darren Bell.
All three of them were highly surprised when the door to the van opened and a pretty schoolgirl stood looking in at them.
“Do you mind, luv?” stormed Sharon. The general public were a constant irritation in her job.
“You shouldn’t be here, darling,” said Darren Bell, a little more gently.
Tom Barnard never even got to speak. The girl reached out a hand. Tom saw the hand glow red, and then he felt like his whole body was on fire. His blood was boiling, he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t see. Then nothing.
Sharon watched in horror as her colleague pitched forward onto the floor of the van, smoke pouring from his ears, nose, mouth and from under his suit. Seconds later, she and Darren Bell suffered the same fate. Neither of them had time to call out for help.
Lolly jumped gracefully into the van and closed the doors. Nobody had seen. She settled down to watch the events unfold in Windsor Ward. Maybe now they would get some answers as to what was happening.
The helicopter hovered over Brent Valley General Hospital. The skyline of West London was fairly flat. Stannard could see right across the city to Canary Wharf, shimmering in a heat haze. It was a breathtaking view. It was a glorious, sunny day and London had never looked more beautiful. Under different circumstances it would be nice to just sit here and appreciate it.
Stannard waited as the helicopter touched down on the roof. She felt a sense of déjà vu. Once again she was leading a team of five CO19 officers. Who would be returning this time? she thought gloomily.
She wondered if this group resented her presence on the operation. She didn’t care. She had to be here. This mission was very different from any other that these people would have encountered. The officers had been briefed, but they would need her here to lead them. Nobody else knew what they were up against.
Stannard was first off the helicopter. She was followed by officers Lucas, Dillon, Djarbi, Nowak and Okeke. She didn’t know anything about them. She didn’t want to.
They hurried across the rooftop in single file, towards the door set into the rectangular brick structure in the middle of the roof. Stannard was about to open the door.
Officer Okeke, the only other female officer in the team, stopped her.
“Sorry Ma’am. We’ll go first.”
Okeke opened the door and lead the way. The door was situated at the top of a stairwell. It was totally dark inside. Stannard was hit by a damp, musty smell. Okeke found a light switch. She flicked it, but nothing happened. The light from the door that they had just entered was all that was available.
Okeke proceeded cautiously to the bottom of the first flight of stairs. All clear. She turned and peered down into the gloom. Logically, the door giving access to the corridors on floor 36 must be at the bottom of the remaining steps. 
She nodded to Nowak, who was waiting at the top of the stairs. He took a step down. There was a cracking sound. Stannard heard it from outside, despite the sound of the wind swirling round the building. Okeke screamed and blue sparks jumped off her legs. She began convulsing and collapsed down the stairs.
“Officer down!” shouted Nowak. Okeke had been KO’d by a taser shot. Nowak wanted to throw a smoke or stun grenade down the steps, but with Okeke lying at the bottom of the staircase he did not dare.
He took a chance. With the taser bolt stuck in Okeke’s leg, the assailant should be unarmed. Assuming there was only one which, given the confined space, seemed a logical conclusion. He might just be able to make it downstairs and take the assailant by surprise. He jumped down the stairs, three at a time, using the handrail to steady himself. His reached the halfway point where Okeke had been shot. He didn’t hesitate. He launched himself down the second flight. He could see Okeke’s twitching body, and caught a glimpse of metal beside her. He fired his taser and hoped for the best.
The electric bolt hit the sleepwalking SFO Smith in the bicep. He felt no pain, as his mind was controlled by Philip Randerson, but his body went into spasms. He slumped to the floor next to Okeke.
Nowak checked Okeke’s body. She was breathing, but unconscious.
“We’ve got to get Okeke and Smith back to the helicopter,” he called back.
Stannard pushed her way to the front.
“Ok. But handcuff them first.”
“You what?” said Nowak, outraged. “These are our colleagues, our friends.”
“You just tasered one of them. When they wake up they could both be throwing you off the roof. Take them back to the helicopter. They’ll get proper medical attention off-site.”
Reluctantly, Nowak heaved the inert form of Okeke over his shoulder, while Lucas and Dillon came down to pick up Smith.
Another delay, mused Stannard, and both sides were one player down.
Chapter 19 – Breakthrough
Sam was determined to get through to Philip. She was sure he could hear her. Despite being in a coma and a nightmare, he was still aware of what was going on around him. He must be able to see through the eyes of the people he was controlling. It was the only explanation for how Philip was able to manipulate events. Therefore, he must be able to hear her. But how do you wake someone from the deepest, darkest dream?
She had heard that coma patients could react to direct outside stimuli. 
“I want to hold Philip’s hand,” she announced. Mrs Randerson looked surprised.
“Why?”
“That’s what boyfriends and girlfriends do, isn’t it?” asked Sam, reasonably. She wished she could stop shivering. She wished someone would just put an arm around her and tell her everything was ok. Nobody did.
“Well, I’m going to hold his hand,” Sam asserted. “If Philip wants to stop me, he is more than capable of doing so. Dr Soames, will you help me?”
Dr Soames looked at Harden and started walking over to Sam. Harden made no move to prevent him. Dr Soames found some crutches in the corner of the ward. He brought them over to Sam and helped her to her feet. She used the crutches to hobble over to Philip’s bed. Dr Soames placed a chair for her and helped Sam to sit down. Nurse Winter’s unconscious body was still lying on the floor. Dr Soames picked her up and carried her to Sam’s old bed.
Sam placed her hand over Philip’s. She gently stroked it, just like her mum would do when she needed comforting.
“Hello, Philip,” she began, hesitantly. She felt stupid, and she felt conscious that everyone in the room was looking at her. “I don’t know if you can hear me. But I hope you can feel me touching your hand.”
She looked around. Dave Sturn was even filming her.
“Philip. Do you remember what you asked me on the coach? Do you remember the coach? Just before the bomb went off, we were talking. You asked me a question. Do you remember what my answer was?”
There was no indication that Philip had heard her. Sam knew she was just hoping for the best. Mrs Randerson struck another match and watched it burn. 
It unnerved Sam. While she was sure that Philip had some kind of control over his parents, they weren’t like the sleepwalkers. They weren’t passive zombies. Quite the reverse, they had become grotesque exaggerations of their real selves. Clearly Mrs Randerson had always been a classic overbearing and overprotective mother. But in Philip’s nightmare, she was a monster. That must be how Philip saw her, and because his nightmare was now real he had turned his mother into mumzilla.
Sergeant Blunt’s team had arrived in the stairwell between floor 35 and 36. Bailey’s body was still where it had fallen, his neck twisted at a horrible angle. Blunt had seen friends and colleagues die before, but it didn’t make it any easier. He did what he always did. Breathed deeply. If emotion got the better of him, he would make mistakes. He didn’t intend to make any. 
Like Stannard, he was leading a team of five SFOs. Three women and two men. He didn’t want to lose a single one of them. He craned his neck upwards to see what might be waiting for them at the top of the stairwell. Empty. Potential hostiles waiting in the corridor beyond the door? Only one way to find out. He led his team up the remaining steps.
Keeley Gann, a 28-year-old officer, was bringing up the rear of the squad. She stood with her back to the doors of the supposedly deserted 35th-floor corridor. She didn’t notice a figure appear at the glass behind her. Suddenly the door was swept open with such force that it knocked her off her feet. Before she could recover, Anika Ali had taken two paces forward, lifted Gann off the ground and thrown her down the stairs. Right behind her, Officer Sarah Dunne reacted quickly. Gann was one of her best friends on the Force. They looked after each other’s children and swapped presents every birthday. She needed to believe that Gann had survived the fall. 
Dunne fired her taser. Anika Ali collapsed to the ground, twitching, the electrical bolt lodged in her stomach. Dunne quickly checked Gann. She was alive, but unconscious. Her metal helmet had protected her head and the body armour had absorbed the impact of her fall.
Sergeant Blunt hesitated. He did not want to leave a fallen comrade. But he had been warned by Stannard that anyone rendered unconscious might wake up as one of the enemy. He couldn’t take Gann with them, nor was there time to move her. They would have to risk leaving her.
“Dunne. Leave her. She’ll be fine. Let’s go.”
Sergeant Blunt looked through the glass of the doors leading into the corridor on floor 36. Again, he couldn’t see anyone. Another trap, no doubt. Time to take action.
He pulled a tear-gas cartridge out of his belt clip. The team put their masks on.
He threw the cartridge into the corridor in one direction, then a second one in the opposite direction and closed the door. That would smoke them out.
The noise of the exploding cartridges reached Windsor Ward.
“Oh dear,” said Mr Randerson. “Does rather sound like we haven’t been taken seriously doesn’t it?” He straightened his tie. His wife didn’t like it if the knot was crooked.
“Indeed not,” agreed Mrs Randerson. “Just like Miss Sharma over there. She didn’t take us seriously either. Perhaps it’s time we started to address that.”
She struck another match and paced over to Jasmin’s bed. She held the flame a few centimetres in front of the reporter’s face.
Jasmin tried to shrink back into the pillow as far as she could. Mrs Randerson started stroking Jasmin’s cheek. “Such a bright, young thing,” she mused. “So beautiful. So radiant. And yet, so short-lived.” The match went out. Mrs Randerson smiled.
Sam tried to ignore the other people in the room. She still needed to get through to Philip. She was frightened, but she felt so much stronger now. The food was starting to have an effect. Her fingers were tingling. Her legs didn’t hurt anymore. It was impossible to say if they had totally mended, but she was sure she would be able to walk now. But she wanted to give herself as long as possible. If she ripped off the plaster casts too soon and fell flat on her face, then it would be game over. 
“Philip. You do know who I am, don’t you?” she asked. “You know it’s Sam? The girl you like having meaningful intellectual conversations with. And the one who never really knows what you’re on about.” She laughed, hoping he would too.
“You’re probably trying to think up a witty reply. Remember that I said I liked a sense of humour? Well, I wasn’t lying. It’s not just good-looking boys that I like. I want someone to be funny. I want them to see the world like I do. I’m sure you must have understood that. I didn’t even know you that well, but I know that you are the smartest boy in the school. But there’s something else that I think is more important.” Sam reached over and placed her lips against Philip’s hand. She kissed it. “They have to be kind,” she murmured. She put her head down on the bed, her forehead touching his hand. She couldn’t think of anything else to say. It was the strangest feeling, trying to talk to someone who may or may not even be able to hear you. 
“Sam – look!” urged Dr Soames.
Sam raised her head. Philip had several vases of flowers on his bedside locker. A single rose, which had been sitting amongst a collection of other colourful flowers, was floating in mid air above the vase. Slowly but smoothly it glided across the bed and settled into Samantha’s lap.
Sam felt her eyes watering.
“He heard me,” she cried. “Did you see that? He heard me.” She held up the rose in front of Philip.
“Thank you, Philip, thank you. Please. Can you open your eyes? Can you look at me?”
But Philip’s eyes remained closed.
Sergeant Blunt waited patiently on the stairwell. He looked through the glass into the corridor, but it was impossible to see anything except thick plumes of smoke. Blunt removed a stun grenade from his belt. He would throw a couple of those into the corridor too for good measure, and then his team would go in.
He opened the door. Instantly, tear gas started seeping out into the stairwell. Instinctively, everyone checked their gas masks to make sure they were on securely. Blunt pulled the pin from the stun grenade and prepared to throw it down the right side of the corridor. Before he could, a face loomed out of the smoke. Emma Venton! Blunt was taken aback. Before he could react, two hands reached through the smoke and dragged him into the thick fog, making him drop his grenade before he went. He was instantly enveloped and disappeared. Before Blunt’s team could react and help their comrade, the stun grenade went off. There was a deafening bang and the team were blinded by the flash of light.
Chapter 20 – Inferno
The doors opened again and Jerome Lake lumbered through. The SFO team were oblivious to his presence. They were clutching their ears, rapidly blinking to try and restore their vision, and groping around trying to maintain their balance.
Jerome grabbed the nearest officer, SFO Ducat, and hurled him through the same broken window via which Shelley had been sent to his death. He picked up Ducat’s fallen taser. Still at the bottom of the stairs, SFO Dunne had been the least affected by the stun grenade, although her ears were still ringing and there were stars and sunspots before her eyes. But she could make out the form of Jerome Lake. She had Gann’s taser in her hand, and she fired. Again she hit the mark. Jerome reeled back against the doors and collapsed, thrashing, onto the floor.
Outside, James had successfully managed to save Ducat’s life in the same way that he had done for Reddington. This time it felt easier and he’d been able to give Ducat a softer landing. James knew he couldn’t wait any longer.
“I’ve got to get up there,” he told his parents. He wasn’t looking for permission this time, just approval.
“Then you’re taking me with you,” Roger decided.
But James had made up his mind. If highly-trained police officers were getting thrown out of buildings, he didn’t want his father up there.
“Sorry, Dad.” 
He closed his eyes, felt the slight popping of his ears, and when he opened his eyes they were instantly assaulted by tear gas. He started coughing; his vision was blurred. He couldn’t breathe. What kind of hell hole had he dropped himself into? He should have been back in the corridor outside Windsor Ward, but it felt like he was inside an Icelandic volcano. He tripped on something and fell to the floor.
On the other side of the building, a red fire door crashed open and SFO Nowak burst into the corridor, pointing his taser first left, then right, until he was sure there were no more hostiles lying in wait.
“Clear,” he confirmed. Lucas, Dillon, Djarbi and DI Stannard emerged into the corridor. Stannard moved into the lead position.
“Windsor Ward is this way,” she pointed ahead of them.
Nowak moved in front of her again.
“Sorry, Ma’am. Please continue to give directions, but let us do our jobs. This is what we’re trained for.”
Stannard reluctantly agreed, but she couldn’t help imagining the words ‘cannon fodder’ instead of ‘Police’ stamped on the back of Nowak’s helmet and body armour.
They proceeded carefully down the corridor. The doors to all the wards were closed, which made Stannard feel even more nervous that someone could be lurking behind any one of them. The corridor was long. It seemed to go on forever. The problem with a taser was that it only had a maximum range of ten metres. Which meant you had to be practically on top of the target before you could use it. Each of the SFOs also had been issued with a Glock 26 sidearm, but had been instructed not to use it except in the direst emergency.
“What was that?” whispered Lucas. The whole company came to an abrupt halt. Stannard bumped into Nowak, who swore in Polish.
“What?” asked Stannard. She couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary.
“I saw something at the far end of the corridor,” Lucas insisted. They all looked again. Lucas was right. SFO Smith, from Stannard’s previous expedition, stepped out into plain sight. He was holding a bottle in his hand, which was full of a clear liquid, with a rag in the top and the rag was alight.
“Molotov cocktail,” shouted Nowak. “Take cover”. 
The team kicked open the door to the nearest ward and dashed inside as the home-made explosive came flying through the air towards them. It fell short by about ten metres, but exploded on contact with the floor. Flames leaped into the air; glass shards scattered across the corridor. Moments later and another Molotov cocktail landed just ahead of the first with another loud bang. The SFO team remained safe in the ward, awaiting their opportunity.
There was the sound of running footsteps, and then a third bottle went flying just past the entrance to the SFO team’s ward and exploded. They were now effectively caught in the middle between two fires: one between them and the roof stairs; the other between them and Windsor Ward. Nowak peered out into the corridor. The fires were spreading but they were still passable. Suddenly the sprinkler system activated and water started pouring out into the corridor. The team waited a few seconds and another explosive whistled past the door, heralding another eruption of flame and glass.
“Go!” shouted Nowak. They ran out, single file, into the corridor, tasers at the ready. Smith was standing at the end of the corridor, also holding a taser. He was too far away to either shoot them or be shot himself. Nowak’s plan was to charge him down. He hoped that if Smith fired, the taser bolt would bounce off his body armour. Nowak would then pop his taser into Smith’s leg. Failing that they’d simply bundle him to the floor by sheer weight of numbers.
Nowak’s feet splashed in the puddles that were forming on the floor of the corridor. He must keep his feet. The water from the sprinkler was blasting straight into his eyes, but he kept going.
When Nowak was less than 15 metres away, Smith raised his taser. Let him fire thought Nowak, waste his shot. He kept running. Too late, he realised Smith’s plan. Smith fired, then dropped his gun and ran.
The taser bolt flew out of the gun and hit the floor. The electricity was instantly conducted through the river of water that had formed in the corridor. The rubber-soled shoes that the officers wore should have protected them from the electricity blast but in his moment of panic Nowak tried to stop, skidded, and lost his footing. He fell into the water. The others promptly tripped over him and ended up sliding along the wet floor. Each felt the jolt of electricity send every muscle in their body into contractions. They thrashed around like over-excited children playing in a paddling pool.
Stannard felt as though she had been punched in the stomach and then run over by a bus. She was only half aware that the sprinkler system had cut out. There was another deafening explosion and she had a vague impression of light and heat somewhere close to her. 
Sam sniffed the rose that Philip had given her. She leaned forward and placed it under his nose, hoping it might stimulate his senses.
“It’s beautiful,” she said to him. “That was... very kind. You know, Nina said that the reason why you always talked to me was because you fancied me. Is that true? If it is, you could always tell me that yourself, you know.”
“Don’t flatter yourself, girl,” said Mrs Randerson, contemptuously. “He may have taken a shine to you because you are pretty. But Philip could do so much better. Philip has a life plan. He will pass all his exams, go to Oxford and he will marry a girl from a good background. One who will make a suitable wife for him.”
“You do know Catherine Middleton is now taken, don’t you?” replied Sam, sarcastically. “Honestly. It’s no wonder Philip is staying in his mad dream world. Maybe he doesn’t want to follow the path that you’ve got mapped out for him.”
Mrs Randerson’s face looked like thunder.
“I have warned you before about your rude behaviour, young lady, and I mean what I say. It’s about time I taught you a lesson that you won’t forget. Dennis!”
Mr Randerson marched over to Sam and took hold of her right wrist. She hadn’t been expecting it, and he lifted her bodily off the chair. She pulled back but with her plaster casts on she couldn’t move her legs quickly enough and ended up pitching to the floor. Mr Randerson still had hold of her right wrist, so she only had her left hand to break her fall. The rose fell out of her hand as she fell. She felt stunned and, with the clumsy casts on, she felt beached, like a whale. 
Sam tried to pick herself up. She craned her head and saw Mrs Randerson bearing down on her. The woman raised her hand and brought it down sharply on the back of Sam’s head. The blow had an unlikely amount of force. Despite her strength and powers of recovery, her head felt like it had just exploded. She saw stars. She tried to lift herself up again, but a second blow knocked her straight back down.
“You wicked, evil girl,” stormed Mrs Randerson. “You’ll never have my Philip. Never.”
Less than twenty metres away, lying in a corridor, James Blake was also trying to recover his senses. The burst of water from the sprinklers that had flooded the corridor had helped to revive him and dampen down the tear gas. He picked himself up to find that he had tripped over a body. He recognised Sergeant Blunt from the ground-floor reception area. He could tell from the twisted angle of the man’s neck that the sergeant was dead. Once again, James felt a wave of nausea. He had seen more death and tragedy in the past week than anyone should see in a lifetime. He backed away from the body. With his head above the level of the dissipating tear gas, his eyes and his head quickly cleared. A noise from further along the corridor made him look up. An SFO team emerged into the corridor, wearing gas masks and pointing tasers.
James immediately raised his hands. He didn’t want to be mistaken for the enemy.
“Don’t shoot! It’s me, James! James Blake.”
SFO Dunne was now leading the two remaining members of the squad. She lowered her taser slightly, enough to indicate she wasn’t going to shoot James, but she didn’t lower it completely. She wasn’t taking any chances. Which was just as well. The team had been so focused on James Blake in front of them that they had forgotten to keep checking behind them. The reduced angle of vision in the respirators prevented them from noticing Emma Venton stepping out into the corridor from the ward next to the stairwell. James saw her and shouted a warning.
SFO Campbell was the last in the line. Emma ripped the gas mask off his face and swatted aside the taser. She was about to club him down, when suddenly she was lifted into the air. 
The three members of the squad staggered back in amazement. They could see Emma floating harmlessly a metre off the ground, but they couldn’t quite believe it. Dunne looked at James. He was holding his hand forwards like a magician. She had no idea how, but she was sure he was doing this. He had just saved Campbell’s life. Dunne decided to take no chances. She raised her taser and shot Emma Venton. Emma looked like a puppet on a string being made to dance as she convulsed in mid air. James lowered her gently. She was immobile.
“I won’t ask,” said Dunne.
“Thanks,” said James. “Come on. Windsor Ward is this way.”
He heard a whistling noise behind him. As he turned around, he caught sight of something flaming and fast moving. It hit the wall close to his head and exploded noisily.
The only explosions Sam could hear were those in her head. She knew she was stronger than the Randersons, but she found herself unable to move. Mr Randerson was standing one side of her with his foot on her back, while Mrs Randerson stood the other side, just out of reach of Sam’s arms, and cuffed her viciously across the head again. The attacks were so frequent that there was no opportunity for her to gather her strength and her senses to fight back.
Dave Sturn and Dr Soames looked at each other, then at Chief Superintendent Harden. Harden seemed to be swaying slightly. Dr Soames took a chance. He rushed forward to grab Mrs Randerson’s outstretched hand. She was phenomenally strong and she swept him aside easily. He crashed into the wall. When he came back for more, she clubbed him down to the floor. He lay next to Sam, his lip bleeding and a nasty red mark across his cheek.
Dave Sturn had made a dash for Jasmin. He tried to undo the bonds that strapped her to the bed. Only now did he see that her left wrist had been handcuffed to the rail. He rushed over to Harden. The policeman appeared not to notice him. Dave Sturn began searching Harden’s pockets for the key to the cuffs. Harden ignored him.
Mr Randerson steadied himself as he tried to avoid Sam’s flailing arm. In doing so, he trod on the rose, which had fallen to the floor. He momentarily looked down upon it. What was his son thinking of, giving a precious rose to so common a girl? He ground it into the floor with his heel. Then, for just a second, he felt a wave of dizziness. It passed, and he put his foot back on Sam’s spine. Mrs Randerson continued her violent, frenzied attack on Sam, her eyes wide with anger, foam and spittle coming out of her mouth
Philip woke up and, for the first time in nearly a week, he saw the world through his own eyes. He didn’t know what was going on. His mind was hazy. He couldn’t move. Couldn’t feel anything. 
He could hear his mother shouting. It was a familiar sound. He turned his head very slightly. Even that was agony. He could see his mother striking someone on the floor. He couldn’t turn his head far enough to see who it was, but somehow he knew it was Samantha Blake. 
Philip felt horrified. Suddenly he had a series of fleeting visions and memories. He had that feeling that many people get when they wake up from the deepest of sleeps and the most vivid of dreams and wondered if those events had really happened. The difference was, somehow, he knew that it all had. The last thing he remembered from his dream was the rose crushed under his father’s foot, and the soft, sweet words from Samantha Blake.
He tried to speak but the feeding tubes in his mouth prevented him from doing so. Nevertheless, as he woke up, everything changed.
In the nearby corridor, SFO Smith prepared to throw his remaining Molotov cocktail at his colleagues. He pulled back his arm, and then felt a wave of dizziness. He dropped to his knees and fell sideways. The bottle containing the alcohol and the burning rag fell from his grasp. The liquid spilled out as the bottle rolled along the corridor and finally came to rest as it bumped into a series of oxygen cylinders stacked against the wall. The alcohol caught fire, and flames began to lick at the cylinders.
DI Stannard tried to speak, but couldn’t. Her tongue felt thick and she couldn’t move her mouth properly. She found herself being lifted up off the floor. SFO Nowak put his arm under hers and around her waist.
“Come on. We have to move!” She looked around. The other officers were picking themselves up off the floor. In the minutes that she had been disorientated, the fires seemed to be spreading. The Molotov cocktails had proved stronger than the sprinklers. Walls were on fire, light fittings were exploding and the smoke was getting thicker.
Stannard could feel her legs again. She managed to put one in front of the other. Then again. With each step her co-ordination returned and the fear of death gave her the strength to move faster and faster.
Chief Superintendent Harden found himself clutching a chair for support. There were stars in front of his eyes and he had a terrible throbbing pain in his head. He thought someone was going through his pockets, but he couldn’t be sure. He felt nauseatingly dizzy, like he’d been spun round and round on the spot.
Mrs Randerson felt her head clearing and discovered that she was standing over the prone body of a small, blonde girl, while her husband had his foot on the creature’s back. The girl on the floor was writhing around, apparently trying to protect her head. She looked up at her husband, Dennis. He returned her gaze, blankly.
“I… What is going on?” she asked. She looked at Philip, and saw his eyes were open.
“Philip! You’re awake.” Mrs Randerson stared at her son, but made no move to approach him.
Finally, seeing her window of opportunity, Sam rolled herself out from under Mr Randerson’s foot and into a sitting position. She gripped the edge of the plaster cast on her left leg and pulled. The cast ripped apart in a shower of white dust and a smell of stale sweat. Her leg looked pale and pinched. There was no sign of any scarring, bruising, or bone sticking through her skin. She quickly tore off the second cast like she was opening presents on her birthday. Her right leg looked fine, too. She checked them both again. She almost squealed with delight. She kicked her legs in a swift bicycling motion. They felt strong and powerful. She jumped to her feet, for the first time in what seemed like an eternity. She knew how very, very lucky she was.
Mrs Randerson was still staring at her son. Mr Randerson was rubbing his head.
Sam helped Dr Soames to his feet. Then she hurried over to Jasmin Sharma, took hold of the handcuffs and snapped them. She removed the woman’s leg shackles with equal ease.
Jasmin pulled the gag from her mouth.
“Thank you, thank you, sweetheart, thank you,” she struggled to her feet and hugged Sam. “Although tomorrow I’ll be interviewing you and asking how you did that!”
“Do you want me to hang on to that gag?” joked Dave, winking at Sam.
“Ha, ha,” said Jasmin. “Now shut up and let’s get out of here. But keep your camera rolling.”
Along the corridor, James and the CO19 team stood looking at the fire between them and Windsor Ward.
“We’ve got to go on. It’s not that bad,” said James. Which was true, but it was obvious that the fire was spreading rapidly. SFO Dunne nodded. They dodged the flaming wall and reached the T junction at the end of the corridor. Dunne saw SFO Smith lying on the floor, surrounded by flames. She rushed towards him and picked him up, aided by Campbell. That was when Dunne spotted the fire engulfing the oxygen containers and realised what would happen next.
“Move,” she ordered Campbell. “Come on, move. Drag him. Quickly, before those cylinders blow.” 
The third SFO, Jenkins, grabbed Smith’s feet and the three of them hauled Smith back the way they had come, pulling James with them. 
James looked back at the cylinders. Beyond them, at the end of the corridor, he could see another CO19 team staggering around the corner. He recognised DI Stannard.
He stopped, and started waving at Stannard.
“Get back!” he shouted. “Explosion. Big explosion.” He kept pointing at the oxygen cylinders.
Stannard and the others seemed to have registered what he was saying as they ducked into another ward.
James dashed back round the corner to rejoin his team. They faced another problem. The flames in this corridor were spreading rapidly so they would not be able to hang around here for more than another couple of minutes. On the other hand, the cylinders were liable to explode any second and, when they did, they would take most of the corridor with them.
In Windsor Ward, oblivious to the impending disaster, Sam took a deep breath, went up to Mrs Randerson and put her hand on the woman’s arm, hoping to offer some comfort.
“It’s ok, Mrs Randerson. He’s awake. Philip is awake. We’re all ok.”
Mrs Randerson ignored her and continued to stare at Philip. Philip tried to pull the tube out of his mouth but he could barely move his arm.
Sam helped him. She looked back at his mother, puzzled as to why she wasn’t happy.
“Mrs Randerson, it’s all right. Philip is awake.”
“All right? All right?” said Mrs Randerson, scornfully. “How is it all right? You were right. He did all of this,” she pointed at her frail, immobile son. “Look at what he has done to us all! Look what he has made me do!”
“Mother,” croaked Philip.
“Don’t call me ‘Mother’! I’m not your mother any longer. Not after what you’ve done.”
“Mrs Randerson, please,” Sam pleaded. “He didn’t know what he was doing. It wasn’t his fault, not really.”
“He doesn’t need you making excuses for him. He’s every bit as bad as you and the other children. After everything we have done to try and make him a good person, this is how he repays us.”
“Well, what about you?! What you’ve done?!” exploded Sam. “He dreamed you were a monster because that’s how he sees you. What have you done to him all his life to make him think that?”
Mrs Randerson stepped forward to slap Sam again, but this time Sam caught her hand. Sam met the woman’s angry gaze with defiance.
“Now I can see what you’ve been like,” said Sam, with genuine regret. “And he’s not controlling you now. This is all you.”
Mrs Randerson backed away, but she showed no contrition.
“Please,” Sam tried one more time. “It’s not too late. I know that if I felt that I’d nearly lost my mum, if she just told me she loved me, that would be all I’d need.”
Mrs Randerson looked down at her son.
“I’m sorry, Philip. But some things are unforgivable.” She picked up her handbag and took her husband’s arm. Philip’s eyes followed her, pleadingly. A tear rolled down his cheek.
He tried to speak, but whatever he was about to say was drowned out by the sound of a deafeningly loud explosion. The floor shook.
James and the CO19 team were knocked off their feet by the shockwave of the blast. Masonry was blown down the corridor, sections of the ceiling collapsed, there was smoke and dust everywhere and a huge ball of fire stripped the walls clean of paint.
“We’ve got to get out of here with the injured,” shouted Dunne.
“What about my sister and the others?”
“I’ll go on for them. My team will get you out of here.”
James shook his head. The corridor between them and Windsor Ward was now a wall of fire. Dunne must be incredibly brave, but it would be suicide. Only he could get through to the ward.
“No. You can’t make it. But I can. Please. Let me do this. I won’t be hurt. You must get your team and everyone else out. You must. Radio Mrs Stannard. Make sure she knows to do the same. I’ll get the others out, I promise.”
“But how?”
“Like this,” James smiled and disappeared.
He materialised in Windsor Ward. At first he wasn’t sure if he had got his landing right, because all he could see was smoke and his senses were swamped with the sound of the fire and people screaming and shouting.
He managed to get his bearings. He could see now that the doors to the ward had been blown off by the force of the explosion in the corridor. There were flames licking at the inside wall. Everyone except Dr Soames and Sam had moved to the back of the ward to try and find some kind of safety, and to breathe in fresh air through the broken windows. His sister and Dr Soames were standing around Philip’s bed, perhaps in the vain hope that they could protect him. 
“Sam!” he yelled over the noise. Sam looked up when she heard his voice, and ran and hugged him.
“You’ve got to get us all out of here!”
“Yeah, I know, that’s why I came,” he shouted. “Ready?”
Sam realised that he was going to take her first.
“No. Not me. The others first. Take them.”
“Why?”
“I might be able to stop the fire. If I don’t, Philip’s going to die. We can’t exactly move him, can we?” She pointed at all the life-support apparatus. James realised she was right. He had no idea if or how Sam would be able to stop the fire, but they could both do so many seemingly impossible things now that he was prepared to accept it.
James approached the group by the window. Mr Randerson was holding Mrs Randerson’s hand. She was staring at Philip with an unfathomable expression. Chief Superintendent Harden was on his mobile phone, trying to arrange for fire crews to tackle the blaze and rescue them. Dave Sturn was filming, while Jasmin Sharma was dragging the unconscious Nurse Winter over to the window. 
Another explosion elsewhere in the hospital shook the building to its foundations. A section of the ceiling collapsed near the doorway. It encouraged a belch of flames into the ward, and a bed caught fire.
James briefly worried about what his father would say about his children publicly displaying their powers. But he had no choice. Dave Sturn put his camera down to help Jasmin with Nurse Winter. James took his chance. He stood behind the reporters, put his hands on their shoulders and willed himself outside. 
They landed in a deserted section of the hospital car park, close to where the helicopter had taken off. Before Jasmin or Dave knew what had happened or could turn around, James had disappeared again.
In the 24/7 Interactive News van Lolly had seen all she needed to. Dave Sturn’s abandoned camera was relaying a side-on view of Windsor Ward.
So this kid Philip was the reason for all these events at the hospital. Her father could not have foreseen that, but he would be delighted by this turn of events. She was fairly sure that Philip had no connection to the project, so it was just a freak occurrence that the boy had got these powers. Serendipity, you might say. The answer, perhaps, to a lot of her father’s problems. 
She needed to get a blood sample from Philip. So she would have to get up to the top floor. First things first, though. She disconnected the feed from the camera. The police would suddenly see their live pictures go down. She wanted to delete all the footage that Sharon had been recording, but had no idea how. It would be simpler just to destroy everything. She held up her hand in front of the computer. The plastic started melting, microchips began sparking and fusing. An acrid stench filled the air. With her other hand, Lolly touched a sheaf of papers. It burst into flames. That should be enough to get things going, she decided. She didn’t want the entire van to explode until she was well away from it. She opened the door. Nobody was looking in her direction. She started one more fire for luck, and then made her way discreetly to the back of the hospital.
Sam was barely aware of James’s disappearance and sudden reappearance in the ward. She was walking carefully to the door, hands out in front of her, like she was blindfolded. She could feel the heat from the flames as she approached, and yet it didn’t seem to hurt. She concentrated on the bed and the wall that was engulfed in flames. She imagined the fire going out. Nothing happened. Bum! She thought she could do this. Baby steps, she thought. Something smaller first. She concentrated just on the bed. Just the flames on the bed. She remembered when she’d set fire to her bed in the lift. Within seconds, the flames were extinguished. She had done it! She tried the wall. The same result. The fire was no longer raging in the ward.
A distant rumble reminded her that the rest of the building was a different matter. The fire could be spreading throughout the hospital by now. If it had taken her this much effort to put out a small fire, how long would it take to put out this towering inferno?
Everyone had seen James’s teleporting trick. Harden had insisted that everyone else be taken to safety first. Dr Soames had refused to leave his patient. Mrs Randerson demanded that she be rescued next. James took a Randerson in each hand.
“Goodbye, Philip,” said Mr Randerson. Mrs Randerson did not speak. They vanished with James.
He was back within moments, and took the sleeping Nurse Winter next. When James returned, he could see that Sam was making little progress with the fire in the hallway. As fast as she was extinguishing flames, they were coming back at her.
“It’s too powerful, dear,” protested Harden, trying to get close enough to Sam to pull her back, but the heat from the flames was overwhelming. He could see Sam’s nightdress was smoking but, unbelievably, she was unharmed.
“Please, come back from there, you might not be able to stand it yourself for too long,” Harden warned.
“He’s right,” shouted James. “You might be able to stop some of the fires, but you can’t stop the building collapsing.”
The flames were swirling around Sam. The oxygen-rich atmosphere was giving the flames greater intensity. Somewhere, more oxygen cylinders must have exploded or been ruptured.
Dr Soames grabbed Harden.
“You must get help in here now. He’ll burn to death,” Dr Soames pointed at Philip.
Harden looked out the window. The fire crews were already assembling on the ground far below them.
Harden turned to James.
“Can you get the boy out?” he shouted.
“I can take him, but I can’t take all the equipment.”
“How long will he last outside of that machine?” asked Harden.
Dr Soames just shook his head.
Yet another explosion rocked the building and a new wave of flames blasted the corridor. Sam was overwhelmed by a ball of fire.
“No!” shouted James, reaching out. Sam felt herself pulled backwards into the ward by an invisible force, just as the ceiling in the corridor collapsed in a cloud of masonry, dust and smoke. Sam’s nightdress was only smouldering. She picked herself up. Her skin was glistening and she was covered in soot.
A second chunk of the ceiling in the ward came crashing down, this time on Harden. Dr Soames checked him.
“Another blow to his head. He’s in bad shape. James, you must get him out of here.”
James crouched down and touched Harden on the shoulder. More of the ceiling came down. On impulse he grabbed Dr Soames’s leg too and the three of them disappeared.
Sam and Philip were left alone.
“It wasn’t really me, I promise,” croaked Philip.
Sam turned around. Philip looked frailer then ever.
“I know it wasn’t,” she tried to reassure him, taking his hand again.
“But it was like... I could see so much. I could see in people’s heads. I didn’t know what it all meant, and I couldn’t control it. Things just happened. Things I wanted to happen. Things I really didn’t want to happen.”
“It was a bad nightmare. Try not to think about it.” 
Sam wished there was some food left that she could give Philip, but he probably wouldn’t have been able to eat it anyway.
“I just wanted to be safe,” Philip was summoning up all his strength to talk to Sam. “And you,” he insisted. “I thought I was protecting you. You and James. I knew you were in danger. I knew I would be too when they found out. That’s why I wanted to bring you up here. To shut the world out. To stop anything or anyone getting at us.”
“Oh, Philip. No one was trying to get at us,” Sam assured him.
“You’re wrong. This wasn’t an accident,” said Philip. “She made it happen.”
“Who?” asked Sam, totally confused now. Was Philip delirious?
Philip shook his head.
“I… I’m not quite sure. People with powers. They can fight against me, stop me getting into their heads. Like you and James can. But I could still see her. She came to the hospital. She came to find you and James. She’s...” he almost managed a smile. “Wicked, as my mother would say. A wicked girl.”
James materialised with Dr Soames and Chief Superintendent Harden behind a police car, close to his parents. He had been careful to keep his landings out of sight of cameras and onlookers. Although given how many people had seen him do his thing, it hardly seemed worth the secrecy.
“James, you must take me back,” demanded Dr Soames, angrily.
PC Nelson, close by, saw them and came running over.
“The Chief?” he said incredulously. “How’d you get him out?”
“He’s fine,” said Dr Soames dismissively.
“Have the other teams got out?” asked James quickly.
“Blunt’s team, what’s left of them, are out. But the helicopter is still hovering over the roof waiting for Stannard’s team. We’ve lost contact.”
James looked. Sure enough, the helicopter was circling above the building.
Nelson was looking too. James took his chance and faded away.
“I don’t know who the girl is,” croaked Philip, realising he was using the last of his energy just talking to Sam. He knew he was dying, but there were things he needed to tell her. “She didn’t know about me. I was an accident, you see. I should never have had powers. James gave them to me by mistake.”
“What do you mean?”
“The bombing. The flames. Our bodies were stuck together. We had to be surgically separated. His blood mixed with mine. He... infected me with his power.”
“How do you know?”
“Because I’m smart,” said Philip, and smiled. “But the girl. You must watch out for the girl.”
“Do you mean Emma Venton?”
“No. Not Emma. I controlled her. She had to do everything I said. It felt good in my dream. No. There’s another girl out there. She came for you. I saw her. No one else knows about her. I couldn’t read her mind clearly, but I know she caused the car bomb. She knew it would trigger your powers. She knew it would affect just you two. She didn’t care about the rest of us. And she doesn’t know about me. You must watch out.”
James landed beside Sam.
“I’ve got to get you out,” he said, simply, putting his hand on her shoulder. He looked Philip in the eye.
“I’m sorry, Philip. I really am.”
“No! I’m not leaving him,” insisted Sam.
James concentrated. He would take her anyway. But something was wrong.
“I can’t take you,” he said in surprise.
“Your powers make you strong enough to resist,” said Philip. “Ask me another one,” he laughed weakly at his own joke. “Am I funny enough?” he asked Sam.
Sam nodded, feeling tears well up in her eyes again.
“That’s why I couldn’t control you,” Philip explained. “But he’s right, Sam. You must go.”
“Sam, there’s no time,” urged James. “DI Stannard and her team are still trapped in the building. I have to look for them. I have to.”
“Then go. I’ll be all right.”
“No. You have to go, Sam,” sobbed Philip. “Don’t die.”
Sam wiped away her tears with the back of her hand and shook her head.
“It’s ok, Philip. I’m staying with you,” she insisted. “The fire can’t hurt me.” 
Sam knew that wasn’t true. The fire itself may not hurt her, but the building was collapsing. If she got caught under falling masonry, or the building fell down with her in it, even she may not recover.
She took hold of Philip’s soft, weakened hand. He was fighting back his own tears.
“Thank you,” he said, simply. “I didn’t want to do this by myself.”
“You’re not.” Sam kissed his hand. All around them, fires blazed. Sam held them back as best she could.
James nodded. There was nothing he could do. He couldn’t even take Sam by force.
He had to get to the roof first, then he’d come back for her. The problem was he had never been to the roof before. He’d only seen it from the ground. He would just have to take a chance that he could reach it.
James concentrated and disappeared.
He landed one foot above the roof and dropped to the ground like a stone. He quickly picked himself up. The helicopter was circling overhead. James saw the open door to the roof exit and ran for it. The stairs were full of smoke but there was no fire. He felt his way down the wall and opened the door to the corridor. 
He could see DI Stannard lying on the floor only a few metres from the door, covered in rubble. He counted six other officers with her. It looked like some of the officers had been trying to carry other members of their team. They must have been attempting to evacuate when the ceiling fell in on them. The fire was behind them, but spreading rapidly, and the corridor was full of smoke. 
One woman was conscious and was vainly trying to free herself from the masonry. James picked his way through the rubble. Another section of ceiling collapsed, but the route to the exit was clear. If he could free them they would be able to make it to the roof and escape via the helicopter, while he went back for Sam. 
James could feel the adrenalin pumping through his veins. His confidence was sky high and he was determined not to fail. He focused on the largest chunks of masonry first. It never occurred to him they might be too heavy to move. A large slab rose slowly off DI Stannard. James sent it flying into the fire. It was followed by a collection of broken brickwork. Soon, chunks of ceiling, plaster and masonry were flying apart and scattering across the corridor. In less than a minute the CO19 team were free.
“Thank you,” groaned Stannard, as James helped her up.
“The helicopter is still waiting for you,” urged James. He looked at the remainder of the team. Four of them had recovered consciousness and were picking themselves up.
“What about you?” asked Stannard.
“You know I’ll be ok,” said James. “I have to go back for Sam.”
Stannard nodded. Her team were ready to go. The ones who could walk were carrying those who couldn’t. She led them back towards the exit. James watched them go. He was about to teleport himself back to Windsor Ward when something caught his eye.
Was he seeing things? The haze of the heat and the smoke made it hard to focus properly, but he was sure he could see someone through the flames. A girl. How had she got up here? His first thought was that she needed rescuing, but something about her seemed very wrong.
She must be a couple of years older than him. She was wearing a smart school uniform and she was striding through the fire as if she were on a catwalk.
“Hey!” James called out. “Hey, you ok?”
The girl stopped. She was probably only about 20 metres ahead of him. As a wave of smoke passed, for a split second, James had a clear view of her. She was the prettiest girl he had ever seen. She looked like some kind of supermodel. But she was standing in the middle of the inferno with not one long, glossy, dark hair out of place. She wasn’t even sweating. Now James could see that the blaze was swirling around her but not touching her, which must account for why her clothes didn’t catch fire. She seemed to have the same control over fire as Sam, except she was better at it. It was amazing. She gave James a wink and a smile, and carried on sashaying through the blaze until she was swallowed up by the smoke.
James was unable to follow her. Who was she? She wasn’t part of his class, or even his school, he was sure of that. If only he’d had his phone, he could have taken a photo. He was beguiled. A girl who had similar powers to him and his sister, and who was totally hot. Quite literally! 
He remembered Sam. He had to get back to her. The other girl was obviously able to take care of herself. 
Philip’s life-support system was flickering. The power was failing. The ward was ablaze. Sam seemed to have forgotten about the fire and was unaware of the melting chunks of ceiling raining down on the ward.
Philip was sobbing, but his quiet dignity in the face of his final fate caused Sam to be overcome with emotion. She couldn’t stop crying.
“I’m proud to be your friend, Philip. I know you’re going to a better place.”
“Tell my mum and dad that I love them,” he asked, managing a weak smile. “And,” he added, trying to lean forward. “I think you are attractive.”
Sam laughed.
“I think you are, too,” she nodded vigorously. “You make me laugh.”
“I’ve got to go now,” he sank back into his pillow. “You have to as well.” He started sobbing again. “Tell them all I’m sorry. Tell them I’m not a bad person.”
“I’ll tell them you’re beautiful,” promised Sam.
Philip smiled for the last time. He closed his eyes. His hand went limp. Sam didn’t want to let go, but the fire was everywhere now. She had to get out.
Sam backed away towards the door. There was a crash and a section of the ceiling collapsed in the place where she had been sitting moments ago. Masonry fell on top of Philip’s already lifeless body.
Sam felt numb, but totally in control. She felt more focused than ever before. She extended both her hands and concentrated, imagining herself sucking in the fire that raged in the corridor. She walked into the blaze. As she approached, the flames around her were extinguished.
She felt exhilarated as she used her power, but she could see now that the whole roof was collapsing. She had left it too late. She could survive the fire, up to a point, but if the building collapsed and the force of the blaze overcame her ability to use her powers, she’d be dead.
“Sam!” cried out James. He was behind her, standing in the doorway of the ward. They ran towards each other.
“You ok, Little Sis?”
“Ok, Big Bro,” she replied, relieved and exhausted.
Holding each other tightly, they faded away.
Moments later, Lolly emerged from the fire. She entered Windsor Ward, saw Philip on the bed and casually removed the large chunks of rubble that had fallen on him. Swiftly, she disconnected Philip from the life-support machine, lifted his body off the bed and left the ward. Time to ask Daddy for a lift.
Chief Superintendent Harden had recovered in time to see the police helicopter lift DI Stannard and the CO19 team to safety. Fire crews were already trying to tackle the blaze, although mysteriously the fire seemed to be going out of its own accord. Even more mysteriously, another helicopter swooped in across the London skyline and landed on the hospital roof. 
“Who is that?” demanded Harden. The helicopter was unmarked and unidentifiable. It rested on the burning rooftop for only a few seconds and then lifted off again, disappearing into the sunset away from the City.
Epilogue
Monday 13 June
Roger Blake glanced in his rear-view mirror once again and saw his children asleep on the back seat of his Volkswagen Passat. They had their headphones in their ears and were leaning slightly towards one another. Roger felt a strong wave of gratitude that they were safe and well and in his charge once again. He looked across at Yvonne, who had been turning round in her seat every five minutes to make sure they were all right and that James hadn’t disappeared. Yvonne smiled at her husband with relief and moved her hand over to rest on his leg.
They were driving along a series of country roads in Suffolk, heading for Roger’s parents’ farmhouse.
Roger’s mobile phone rang. Yvonne answered it for him.
“Mrs Blake?” said the voice. “It’s Chief Superintendent Harden.”
“Hello, Chief Superintendent,” said Yvonne, slightly nervously.
“Nothing to worry about, Mrs Blake, I just wanted to make sure you were at your in-laws’ house ok. And to pass on my thanks to you and your children once again. As I’m sure you can appreciate, we have a number of... shall we say... loose ends and complications to sort out. Explaining the events of the past few days has not been easy.”
“No, I can appreciate that,” replied Yvonne, warily. She was scared of what was going to happen to James and Sam. She had no idea how many people had seen them use their powers. 
“I will have to come and see you soon, I’m afraid,” Harden added. “But for the time being, please, just look after James and Sam, and rest assured that I will do everything I can to protect them from any media attention.”
“Thank you, Chief Superintendent. How are things back in London?”
“Well, it took the Fire Service most of the night to bring the hospital fire under control, and it was the devil of a job evacuating all the patients. I’ve spent the whole morning with the Commissioner trying to sort out what happened and what to tell the Press. I know we can count on your discretion?”
“Of course. Thank you, Mr Harden.”
“Goodbye, Mrs Blake. Enjoy your rest.”
Yvonne ended the call. Roger had heard every word.
“I think Harden’s a good man. He could have made things difficult for us, but he’s gone out of his way to help.” He remained thoughtful for another few seconds. “But I still don’t like it.”
“I know what you mean,” agreed Yvonne. “So many people saw what the children could do. And a high-profile story like that... People are going to be asking questions for a long time over what happened, and who did what to whom. What are we going to do?”
“We’ll just have to hope that Harden can come up with explanations that don’t involve Sam or James. But Harden will be under pressure. Everyone will be demanding answers. They’ll want an arrest over the coach bomb and the fire, and he’ll have to face questions over his part in it all. He’s in a tough position. He can hardly say he was brainwashed by a comatose 14-year-old boy. So what will he say?”
“Maybe the Randersons will get the blame? It kind of is their fault.”
“Can’t see that sticking, though. They may be mad as bicycles, and were even before Philip brainwashed them, but no one is going to believe they are terrorists. We’ll just have to hope he gets a lead on who set off the bomb.”
They lapsed into silence. There didn’t seem to be much else to say about that. They drove over a bump. Sam and James woke up at the same time, realised they had been drifting closer to each other in their sleep and pushed each other away in an exaggeration of grossness.
“Are we there yet?” asked Sam.
Roger smiled. Would she ever grow out of that?
“Twenty minutes,” he assured her.
“I had a horrible dream,” Sam muttered.
Roger felt saddened. Poor thing. After what the two of them had been through, they would have nightmares for some time. Hence the reason for staying out in the peaceful countryside away from everything. His plan was that they should stay for the whole summer. Maybe longer. He wanted to wait for the media to grow very tired of the story.
“I dreamed about Dr Soames,” Sam sighed. “He had me in a cage and he was doing experiments on me, like I was a laboratory monkey.”
“You are. It’s the hair,” cracked James, and received a strong punch in the stomach from his sister for his troubles.
“Soames isn’t like that,” protested a winded James.
“You weren’t there when he was talking to me,” Sam fired back. “He creeped me out. It was like he couldn’t wait to run tests on me to find out why I’m the way I am. I don’t want to see him again.”
“You won’t, sweetheart,” said Roger.
“Will I be able to go to Philip Randerson’s funeral?” asked Sam.
Roger swallowed hard.
“I don’t think that will be possible, darling,” said Yvonne. “There’s going to be a memorial service for all the victims of the coach bomb, but let’s wait and see shall we?”
Sam didn’t feel happy with the answer, but let it go for now.
“What are we going to do all summer at Nan’s house?” asked James. “I mean, I love going there and seeing them. It’ll be great. But all summer?” James had already been giving some thought as to how he could use his new powers, and he wanted to do it in London. Suffolk was too quiet.
“You both need a bit of time to get over what’s happened,” replied Yvonne. “And also we have to try and figure out how you got your powers. I think Grandad might be able to give us some answers. The important thing is, you’ll be safe. I promise you, nothing is going to harm you again.” 
In a trendy bar in Central London, Jasmin Sharma gratefully received an enormous cocktail from the waiter. Dave Sturn took his pint. They clinked glasses. Despite losing the footage from the showdown in Windsor Ward, they had still been able to deliver an amazing series of news reports for 24/7. The only fly in the ointment, and a temporary one as far as Jasmin was concerned, was Chief Superintendent Harden. He had warned them both not to reveal any of the details of those final moments in Brent Valley Hospital, with particular reference to how James Blake got them out and whether Philip Randerson had special mind-control powers. Already, 24/7’s legal team were trying to work out what they could and couldn’t say.
“To Sharon Sweet,” said Dave, thinking of their colleague found dead in the support van.
“To Sharon,” said Jasmin, who had already written a glowing epitaph for her, even though she had barely known her.
“Evidence is the main problem,” concluded Jasmin, looking at her phone. “Oh, here we go. Harden has just released a statement,” she announced, waiting for the web page to load. “He says that the hospital fire is related to the coach bombing, and they have a lead. I bet he doesn’t,” she added. “Oh and get this. Harden is basically saying that mind-bending drugs were released into the air supply of the hospital during the fire, causing mass delusions. A neat way of explaining the super shenanigans. Countering that will be difficult without evidence.”
But in her current good mood, boosted by a massive pay rise, nothing could ruin Jasmin’s afternoon. She downed the cocktail in one.
“I think I need to sleep for a whole day. Then I’ll try tracking down the Blake kids.”
Her phone buzzed. She’d had a text message. She didn’t recognise the number.
‘You are one of the lucky ones for now. But if you value your life, don’t start talking about what you saw in the hospital. Think I’m joking? Watch your own news channel.’
She showed it to Dave. 
“What does that mean?” he asked gruffly. Was someone threatening them?
Jasmin looked around. The bar had a television, showing MTV. She called over to the waiter, who she knew fancied her, and asked him to switch over to 24/7. It was impossible to tell what was going on at first because the camera was rolling and shaking all over the place. It looked like a scrum.
“What the hell is happening?” asked Jasmin, cursing herself for not being there, wherever there was.
Roger Blake’s car rolled up the long, dirt-track drive of his parent’s farmhouse. His mother, Barbara, had heard the car and was already at the door, smiling and waving. She hurried over to give Sam and James hugs and kisses as they got out of the car.
“Hi, Nan,” said James, trying to be cool. Not easy when your grandma won’t stop kissing you. James laughed. He loved his grandmother. Sam flung her arms round her grandma and would have been quite happy to stay there for the rest of the day.
“I’m so happy you’re here, and you’re safe and you’re ok. I worried I’d never see you again!” Barbara gushed, through both tears and smiles. She finally hugged her son and daughter-in-law.
“I’ve already prepared your rooms for you,” Barbara fussed. “And Larry has put a TV in them, although I don’t think he’s set it up properly, but I’m sure you can do that.”
“Thanks, Nan,” James grinned, cheekily. “Quite hungry as well. Any chance I could have some lunch?”
“Lucky for you that there is chicken pie in the oven as we speak,” announced Barbara. “Oh. I’m so pleased to have you all here. I’m sure that only good things will happen to you from now on.” She couldn’t stop smiling. It had been nearly three months since she had last seen her family.
“Where’s Dad?” asked Roger Blake.
“Last I saw, he was still trying to get the TVs to work, but I’m sure he’ll be down in a minute.”
Sure enough, Larry Blake emerged into the midday sunshine. Larry had a bullish, optimistic face, but he never looked healthy. He struggled to walk more than a few metres before needing to catch his breath. His complexion was always grey, and he had the look of a once very fit man now wracked with illness. At this moment, even his optimism looked dented. In fact he scared Roger with the haunted look on his face.
“Dad. What’s the matter?”
“You’d better come see,” said Larry, in the thick Chicago accent that he had never lost, despite having lived in the UK for 50 of his 70 years. He led the way into the house. The enormous TV in the lounge was already on and showing 24/7 Interactive News. A male reporter was standing outside Scotland Yard.
“... news, and such an unexpected, shocking twist of events, which turns this whole affair on its head. Chief Superintendent Harden, who led the investigation of the terrorist bombing of the Ealing school coach, and who was involved in the fire and siege at Brent Valley General Hospital, has now himself been killed. The police car that he and his driver were in was blown up only minutes ago.”
The footage on the screen showed some shaky mobile-phone footage of a police car on fire in a London street.
“We understand that neither officer survived. Scotland Yard has not yet commented on the incident, but it does feel like all hell has broken loose here in London. There are police cars everywhere, sirens, and a general feeling of panic. Crucially, this happened less than twenty minutes after Mr Harden released a statement to the media, claiming he had a lead on the Ealing car-bomb incident. What we don’t know is if this has happened as a direct result of that statement. What is even more alarming is that – on mainland Britain – a senior police officer can be killed in this way. Inevitably, the speculation is that terrorists committed this atrocity. I suspect the ramifications will not be known for some time.”
The Blake family stood watching the events in stunned silence. Yvonne had her hand over her mouth and needed to sit down. Roger felt very weak all of a sudden.
“I can’t believe it,” Sam whispered. “Poor Mr Harden.”
“We were just talking to him,” said Yvonne, blankly. “Roger, what does it mean?”
“It means we’ve got a lot of trouble,” answered Larry Blake, bluntly.
“Larry!” admonished Barbara. “Not in front of the children.”
James Blake was still watching the television. They were showing mobile-phone footage of Harden’s car on fire, obviously taken by a witness shortly after the explosion. It was on a loop. James couldn’t look away. And then he saw it. Clear as day.
“Her. It’s that girl,” he pointed.
“What girl?” asked Roger Blake, puzzled. 
James jabbed at the television screen, right where Lolly was standing on the street, clearly visible in her green school uniform. It was obvious now. She was watching events dispassionately and texting on her phone, whereas everyone else was milling around in panic and confusion.
“I saw her,” insisted James. “I forgot about it until now. She was in the hospital, walking through the flames just like Sam did. She looked at me. Then she disappeared into the fire. It was like a pop video. She was beautiful,” he added.
“Oh, trust you!” snapped Sam, who was upset over Harden’s death. Then something clicked. “Wait. Philip told me about a girl. Before he died. He said there was a girl and that she was coming for us. He told me she caused the car bomb.” Sam looked around to see if the others were taking in what she was saying.
“How did Philip know this?” asked Roger.
“He said she came to the hospital. He said he could read her mind, sort of.”
“Sort of?” queried James.
“Look, I don’t know do I?” snapped Sam. “Philip seemed to know a lot of stuff. He could read minds. He said she had caused the bomb because somehow she knew it would give us our powers.”
“So this girl was trying to give you powers?” asked Larry Blake intently. “She staged the whole bombing just to give you powers?”
Sam shrugged. “That’s what it sounded like.”
“We must find out who she is,” urged Larry Blake. “This is important. This changes everything.”
“It does?” said Yvonne, worried.
“Sure it does. Before, we assumed that the twins being caught in the bombing was an accident. But if what this Philip kid says is true, then the whole thing was set up. It means that this girl,” he pointed at the TV screen, “knew all about our kids. She knew that they could get powers. She knew exactly what it would take to make sure they got them. And she went to all the trouble of blowing up their coach with all their friends on it, just to do that. Don’t you see? Someone out there knows all about James and Sam, and they want them for some reason.”
Roger Blake started pacing. His father was right. Someone knew all about his children and his family. They were in terrible danger.
“Dad. You have to tell us everything you know about how the kids got these powers.”
Larry Blake made a placating gesture with his hands.
“I will, Son. I will. But first things first.”
 “What are we going to do?” asked James, who was still staring at the repeated images of Lolly. It was impossible to make out her features because the footage was too blurry, but the clothes and the poise were unmistakable.
James and Sam’s new phones buzzed simultaneously. They had identical texts.
‘Hope you enjoy your holiday. I’ve been clearing up your mess in London. I’ll come and see you soon. There’s so much to do isn’t there? Keep practising the powers. Love L x’
They showed the texts to their family.
“It’s horrible,” Sam shuddered. “Is it from your new girlfriend?” she asked James.
James pulled a face.
“It’s going to be ok, kids,” Larry Blake put his arm around his grandchildren. Instantly they felt better. There was something very positive and reassuring about Grandad.
 “Your dad promised you that you would be safe here,” he drawled. “And he was right. Your old Grandad may be a bit slow around the park these days, but he knows a few tricks and has friends he can call on. If anyone out there thinks they can mess with my family, they’re dead wrong. If someone is stupid enough to come for you, they’re going to have to take on the whole damn Blake family to do it. Bring it on!”
To Be Continued...
Further Reading
Breaking news on 24/7 Interactive News:
www.247-i-news.com
Dedication
Thanks to my wife Rebecca for all her help, support and professional proofreading services. Thanks also to my Mum, Dad, Brother and, in fact, my entire wonderful family who encouraged me to write, be imaginative and to pursue my dreams.
I love you all very much.
Special thanks to my cousins, Darren and Laura, for being the likenesses of James and Samantha, the heroes of the book. You are very cool. True super heroes, the both of you.
If you want to see what the Class Heroes look like, visit www.classheroes.com
Acknowledgements
Thanks to lots of people for helping and supporting me in the writing of this book. I’ve already mentioned my wife, Rebecca, for her proofreading and editorial services, and my cousins for ‘posing’ as James and Samantha.
Thanks also to Graham Cleaver and Nathan Butters for their feedback and appraisal of some early drafts of the first three chapters. The insight they gave me was invaluable in rewriting and reshaping the book. Thanks also to Graham for his editorial services.
I’d also like to thank my friend and business partner, Andrew Butters, for his research and expertise in ebooks, which sparked off the creation of this book series and made me realise what could be achieved in the epublishing revolution. Also, in that respect, thanks to Derek and Lindsay Pollard for their advice and insight into the power of social media.
I’d also like to acknowledge the support and friendship of Terry and Gail Cleaver in their knowledge of the book world; and James Cooper for his insights into the realm of TV journalism.
I’d also like to thank Peter and Caroline Thompson (and Rebecca again!) for their help on making the 24/7 News videos, which you can see on www.247-i-news.com. Caroline is a superb actress and the four of us had a top time filming the clips.
I think the Class Heroes logo and the cover design for the book is amazing, so thank you to Andrew and Heather Clarke for their incredible work in coming up with such a striking image. It really gives the book series its own distinctive tone and feel.
Thanks also to the incredible Andrew Skilleter, for his wonderful artwork on the Class Heroes website. This is the image based on my cousins, Darren and Laura, and really helps to make the characters feel real. Seeing them in the painting, so lifelike, makes the world that the characters inhabit feel that much more vivid. 
Lastly, thanks to someone who I have never met; the author who made me want to write books in the first place: Terrance Dicks. His books probably took up a large percentage of my childhood. Thank you for the happy memories Mr Dicks! You’re a star.
Class Heroes Book 2 – Out Now!
Class Heroes book 2: What Happened in Witches Wood is available now. Read on for a free sample…
Prologue 
Wednesday 26 August, 2009
“I’m scared,” whispered Asha.
“What of?” Simon whispered back.
“It’s called Witches Wood for a reason, isn’t it?” Asha flicked her eyes in one direction, then another, as if she expected ghosts and ghouls to leap at her from out of the darkness.
Simon Brown shivered. He wasn’t scared, he told himself, but there was something eerie about these woods. That’s why he had brought Asha here. What could be more exciting than sitting on a lonely wooden bench, buried deep in the mysterious Witches Wood?
The night was warm and moonlit, but the thick canopy of trees always left the wood feeling murky, cool and damp, even during the hot summer days. The stream that ran past the bench created dancing reflections and shifting shadows.
There were goose bumps on Asha’s bare arm. Simon hoped that it wasn’t just as a result of the midnight chill or supernatural fears. 
“So?” Simon asked, keeping his voice low.
“So it’s supposed to be haunted.” Asha virtually mouthed the words and Simon could only just hear her.
“Why are we whispering?” asked Simon in a normal voice. “We’re the only two souls for miles around.”
Asha laughed. “We hope!”
She looked beautiful in the moonlight. Simon leaned in and they kissed. A long, sensual, urgent kiss bordering on the reckless.
Simon felt a number of sensations sweeping his body. He was the luckiest boy in the whole world. Simon wasn’t religious, but he did offer a silent prayer of thanks for the change in his life’s fortunes. And it was all thanks to Asha Bailey. Kind, beautiful, generous, loving, sweet Asha. Or Hot Ash, as he liked to call her.
Asha sighed contentedly. She was sitting on Simon’s lap, her bare legs dangling over the edge of the wooden bench.
Simon Brown tried to control himself, but he couldn’t stop his hands from moving underneath Asha’s soft, white cotton top.
She responded by running her hands up and down his back. Her gentle touch sent shockwaves of pleasure up his spine. Her sweet scent made him giddy. This was blissful agony. He brought his hands around to her stomach and then up the side of her body. He must stop. It was a perfectly romantic night, but was a wooden bench in the middle of Witches Wood really the right place for their first time? He hadn’t intended to go all the way with Ash tonight, but if he didn’t keep himself in check, that’s exactly what would happen! 
“Can you believe we’re doing this?” she murmured in his ear.
That's really not helping me, he thought, pulling away, slightly breathless. Must think about something else! Quickly!
He had turned 16 nearly four months ago. By the age of 12, most people in Helmshall St Mary had written him off. He’d heard that in the village pub they’d started a sweepstake on when he would end up in prison. Only his mum and Asha had believed in him.
So, for their, hopefully amazing, ‘first time’, Simon had imagined conjuring up a luxury hotel room, taking Asha to dinner and dazzling her with his sophistication and treating her like a princess. He’d imagined it a lot. If only he had money…
Just doing it here and now reminded Simon of the person he used to be, the village scumbag who was into drink, drugs and petty stealing – even from his own mum. Simon had spent many nights sleeping rough in this wood and in bus shelters. Not anymore. Asha had made him wake up and stop being a selfish, stupid idiot. Asha was special and she deserved the best.
The second time could be in the wood though! That would be fun.
They’d come to Witches Wood because they wanted to be alone. His mum was a good person, but she was the busiest busybody in Suffolk and Asha’s parents were strictly religious, so going to each other’s houses was torture.
Asha’s eyes glowed with love. Her shy smile made Simon’s heart pound. They stared at each other longingly. How could she fancy him? She had flawless black skin, a cute smile and an overall kittenish quality. She was simply beautiful. And more than that, she was just such a good person. Whereas he was pale, pasty, wiry and he always thought his head resembled a coconut. 
“I hope she doesn’t mind,” said Asha, suddenly earnest.
Simon looked puzzled.
“Who?”
“The girl,” explained Asha, pointing at a brass plate screwed into the back of the bench. Simon hadn’t noticed it before, and he didn’t really care now.
Asha read out the dedication on the plaque.
“‘In loving memory of our daughter, Katherine Bethany Blake, who tragically drowned in this stream. Wait for us in Heaven. 4 March 1971 – 5 August 1987.’ She was only 16! Oh, that is so sad!”
“I wish we were in Barbados sitting on the beach near your grandparents’ house,” whispered Simon, trying to change the subject. He wanted to keep it romantic, not maudlin.
“Except my grandparents would be watching us like hawks,” laughed Asha. “My parents are liberal hippies compared to my grandma.”
“I’d love to meet them someday.”
“I’d love you to, too. I think my parents are starting to get the message about you. They hated you at first, but now they’re realizing that you’re a good person.”
“Do you think?” asked Simon, not convinced. “To most people in the village, I’m a loser.”
“They’ll change their minds eventually. You did really well in your exams. I bet nobody expected that, but you worked so hard for them. And now you’ve got that internship at G-Netik!”
Simon loved how she was so proud of him.
“Now that’s pretty impressive,” she added. “That’s where my parents would love me to work. G-Netik is huge. Biggest pharmaceutical in the country, probably the world. Honestly, when I told my parents, you could actually see it in my dad’s eyes. He was like, ‘That’s superb Asha’. He used his extra serious voice too.”
Simon laughed at Asha’s impression of her father. 
“He said, ‘We always thought that Simon had it in him to turn himself around.’ And for them, that’s a biiiig compliment. You might even get to meet Sir Michael Rosewood. Even my Mum has a thing for him. He is good looking, although not as good looking as you.”
Simon laughed again. It felt good. Not so long ago the only highs he experienced were chemically induced. He hadn’t touched that stuff for 13 months and 4 days.
“Your parents have been very supportive,” reflected Simon. “I didn’t expect them to give me a chance. I thought they’d just look at me and assume I’m some kind of waster, who’s only interested in boozing, doing drugs and seducing their daughter.” Simon felt himself welling up. “So they were one-third right,” he cracked, trying to lighten the mood again.
Asha began stroking his face.
“They know how it feels to be judged. They remember what it was like when they first moved here.”
She broke off as Simon began kissing her neck. She pushed her hand through his tousled dark hair, then stroked his cheek. The skin that had once been drawn and pockmarked was now fresh and supple again.
“Ohhh!” groaned Asha, in frustration. “It’s so unfair. It’s past midnight and I’m going to have to get back or they will freak.”
“I don’t want to go,” Simon held her tighter and started stroking her legs.
Asha squealed.
Simon felt like his heart would burst.
“I want to stay here all night, with you.”
“Me too,” groaned Asha, moving closer to Simon to kiss him.
Simon closed his eyes and waited for the touch of her lips and her tongue.
Instead he nearly suffered a heart attack as Asha let out a scream that could have woken the dead.
She leapt off Simon’s lap, missed her footing and fell to the ground. Simon tried to struggle to his feet. His pulse was racing and he looked around desperately to try and work out what had caused the look of horror on Asha’s face.
Then he saw it. He backed away. It was impossible. 
Simon had never seen a ghost before, but he didn’t doubt for a second that that was what was in front of him. It looked like a girl. She was crouched in the stream, soaking wet, her long blonde hair a tangled mess. She had come from nowhere! She was wearing a full length, white nightdress. Her skin was pale, almost translucent. Simon blinked, and when he looked again he could literally see right through her. She looked like a faded photograph. There, and yet washed out.
Simon choked on his own scream. The girl was rising up from her crouched position. 
She lifted her head up and there was a bright-red gash on her temple. The blood seemed very real. Not pale or transparent like the rest of her body but thick, red and vivid. It was flowing freely over her white nightdress.
Asha carried on screaming as she struggled to get to her feet.
Simon found himself rooted to the spot in fear.
Asha backed away from the apparition and pulled Simon with her.
“We’ve got to go. Run. Run.”
“Pleeeeaaase,” wailed the ghostly spectre, casting around blindly. For a second she seemed to vanish from existence and then she was back again.
“Where am I?” she asked, pitifully.
Was it Simon’s imagination or was the ghost sobbing?
“Leave us alone,” pleaded Asha, tears running down her face.
The girl was standing upright now. She finally made eye contact with Simon. She started climbing out of the stream and up the shallow embankment. With every step that she took closer to them, Simon and Asha took a step back.
“Help meeeee,” cried the ghost, arms reaching out towards the couple.
If she had been alive, she would have been about 14 or 15. She might even have been pretty. Her hair was flattened to her face by the water from the stream. Her nightdress was sopping wet and she left puddles of water behind her. Blood was still pouring out of the cut on her head.
Simon retreated again and tripped over a tree stump. He hit his back on a stone and yelled out in pain. Asha helped him to his feet as the pale ghost took another insubstantial step towards them. Simon cried out, with fear this time, and he closed his eyes.
When he opened them, the ghost had gone and he was left with just Asha, who was clutching him tightly, sobbing and talking; and he didn’t hear a single word that she said.
