

The Knights of Arria 2002


The Legends of Arria 2002, Vol. 1


By Courtney Bowen


Originally written from
(1/20/2002)-(4/18/2003?)


Edited in 2014


Courtney Bowen Books
Smashwords edition
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, 
events, and places either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

THE KNIGHTS OF ARRIA (2002)

Copyright © 2014 by Courtney Bowen
Cover image: Fallen Knight by Viktor Vasnetsov

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be
used or reproduced without written permission
from the author, except in cases of brief quotations
embodied in critical articles and reviews.

Second edition: 2014

 Other Smashwords books by Courtney Bowen:

The Legends of Arria series
The Smiling Stallion Inn
Servants and Followers
Power Over Death
The Tiger of Light




The Legends of Arria 2002 series
The Knights of Arria 2002
The Lion and the Kirna 2002

Miscellaneous:
A Song of My Heart
The Sable Valley


Dedicated to the future and the past,
The readers and writers
Who started when they were young
And still continue to read and write.
May your work continue to inspire
Far beyond what you expect.
 
 

Foreword
Time has proven once and again,
That was, that is, and that will be
Can never be altered.
This saying was written many years ago, in a place far away. Arria, a land that sadly has disappeared deep into the mists of time. Gone forever are the rocky shores, the dark forests, the cold mountains, and the lush valleys of olden time. Yet, Arria will live on in this tale, one of the many tales of Arria and her people. 
First, you must know more about Arria or ‘Earth’, as it is known. The truth is, Arria is just among the many countries on a large landmass called Salarria, or ‘Big Land’, but it is the largest and most important and our story is mostly concerned with this. 
The ancient Chronicles speaking of Arria’s past go way back, back to a distant island known as Corrica. Arria’s civilization is supposedly based on the ancient culture of Corrica, especially on the part of the gods, such as Tau, Mila, Quela, and Qii. 
No one truly knows for sure, but it is said that the people became sinful and their punishment was fire and brimstone. As their homeland and people was being destroyed all around them, a moral group of people set off in their ships as refugees to seek a new home. Their travel was long and arduous and one day, they came into a mist, a wall of mist that hid strange mysteries and they bravely went through. 
On the other side, they passed several small islands that did not appear suitable for them and finally, they found a land stretching hundreds of miles to the south and this they knew to be their home. The land was wild and appeared uninhabited, but it teemed with life, both familiar and old. There was still rabbits, wolves, deer, bobcats, and feral goats, but there also was strange animals that are now regarded as legend, animals like unicorns and mermaids. 
Anyway, the Corrican people landed on the land and soon set themselves to building crude structures for their first settlement, but then they learned that there were other people on the land, wild and barbarous people that saw the wanderers as threats. 
A group of men from this group bonded together to defend their people against the tribes and to gain more land. Some tribes were actually quite peaceful and even became part of the Corricans, raising children of two different cultures. 
Other tribes wouldn’t go down with a fight, but eventually they fell and others raced off to become nomads in the Za Desert that lies pass the River Mila and the peaks of the Desert Pass. The rest marched to the other countries far from Arria in the east that resented the strength of this land. 
Now, the Corricans and their ally tribes set off to tame this land, which the Corricans called Arria, a name given to them by the language of the tribes, or the Old Language. The group of men from the last remains of the land of Corrica set off on many adventures and was soon known as the Knights of Arria, defenders of the great land! Legends say that after many years of service, almost all of the Knights left Arria forever in golden chariots of fire, to live forevermore in the kingdom of the gods. 
However, one of the Knights, Corr, decided that he should stay behind to watch over the land and become the first king. The friends wished him good luck and gave to him several gifts to help, including the great Swords of Arria to defend the land and the goblet known as Tau’s Cup that supposedly had great and unknown powers. 
Corr chose a valley in the most southern reaches of the land as the place to build Coe Pidaria, the greatest city ever built that was said to be like heaven on earth. 
Time passed and Arria prospered, while Corr and his wife produced an heir to the throne. Yet, to the far north a shadow was growing and a strange man, perhaps not even a man, was gaining power. 
He called himself Doomba, although many doubted it was his real name and no one knew of his origin. Some believed that he was a wizard, others said that he had been among the group of Corrican people, and some thought that he wanted revenge against the Knights for something they did to him. 
All anyone truly knows is that soon rebellious lords, unhappy tribes, or kings from other lands that wanted domination over Arria came under his beckoning and followed him and his ghastly armies of evil creatures in a march to Pidaria. 
The fearful people fled Pidaria, while the army prepared to fight Doomba and King Corr gave a tearful farewell to his son, Marvola, who was sent off to a safe place. When Doomba arrived at Pidaria’s borders, no one truly knows exactly what happened, but some say that using ancient magic that has since been long lost, a shield was made that no one, especially Doomba, could ever cross. 
Doomba was in a great rage and in his anger, he built a large fortress several miles away from the shield, where he would lie to wait for the day that the shield would fall and he could attack Pidaria. 
Darkness covered the land of Arria and fear gripped the people. To the east, the lands known as Pinal, Urgo, Pakka, Mirandor, Angora and Kiwata took this as an opportunity to try and conquer Arria. 
Luckily, King Marvola the Magnificent and his descendants founded a new city called Coe Kiki where they would rule as kings and they fought for many years to make Arria safe. Yet, the land suffered and the great creatures, the beautiful creatures of myth, all supposedly died off while the old ways of the tribes, such as the Old Language, was forgotten. 
Years, centuries, and possibly 2,000 years past and the land recovered slowly and Arria regained some of its former glory, yet it appeared that the Golden Age of legends would never come again. The golden city of Pidaria seemed to be lost forever and Tau’s Cup would never see the light of day again.
Meanwhile, rumors flew that down in the south, past the sharp mountains known as the Dragon’s Teeth and in the valley once so green that after years of Doomba’s poison had grown into the Wasteland, Doomba was stirring. Some say that this was a sign, a sign that either the end was coming or the Prophecy would come true someday soon. 
The great Wintha the Wanderer wrote it around the time of the Knights and many of the experts on the historical Chronicles say that this was foretelling the end of Doomba. The experts were already saying that many signs in the sky and in the events down here in royal courts were shaping around the coming of the Đąǽora’l and the end of Doomba’s evil reign. 
Several years before this story begins, Doomba first learned of the Prophecy and suddenly, he became obsessed in finding out who this man was. He sent out word to the east that whoever found and caught the Đąǽora’l for Doomba would have the great reward of life everlasting. The nations quickly sent out hordes of men who claimed they had captured the lion of light, but Doomba told them that this was not so. So, time passed and Doomba’s insecurity secretly grew. However, the question still remained of who would be the lion of light? 
 
Part 1:
From Coe Baba
To Coe Wina


(1/20/2002)-(3/3/2002)

Prologue: The Harvest Moon
A flurry of snowflakes flew through the air, before they landed softly on the ground. The trees were bare, as their long, skeletal branches reached towards the gray sky. Icicles hung from these naked branches and occasionally, you could hear the branches crack as they fell. 
All was still, for most of the animals that wandered these woods were gone, in the long Sna sleep. However, one small bird flew high overhead, rising and falling on the wind, searching for some food. Suddenly, in the distance, the bird heard a strange clop-clop sound, coming closer and closer. The bird cried out and wheeled about in the air, as he flew off and disappeared in the other direction. 
The clop-clop noise slowly grew louder, until finally, a horse appeared over the horizon, with his shoed hooves revealing the dirt path of the road underneath. Upon her back was a rider, a young woman with a long dark cloak, simple, yet elegant. 
Her eyes were the clearest of blue with soft blonde hair reaching down to her shoulders, and her face was so pale while her lips were so red. She held herself like a queen, yet inside, she groaned at the pain she was feeling. 
The horse was uneasy, due to the distant, yet threatening sound of the wolves howling in the forest and the growing amount of snow that was falling. The lady murmured in the horse’s ear, a calming noise that helped the horse to stay steady on the path, until distant smoke started to rise above the treetops. 
It was the Sna, or snow, season of the year of 2664 DA, or Dark Ages, known as one of the bitterest Sna the countryside all around her had ever seen.
They had finally reached the end of the large forest, the forest known as Mila’s Forest after the goddess of the forest. The lady smiled at the sign welcoming her to Coe Baba, a small town perched several miles from the sea and mainly separated from the rest of the country known as Arria by the forest. 
The women sighed, happy to be here at last, at a nice town that could perhaps soon be called home. She had been wandering for a long time and before that the places she had lived where too uncomfortable to ever be called home. 
The lady rode down the quiet main street of Baba, past the old birch tree at the edge of town, past the quaint homes and businesses, until she finally found the only inn in town, The Smiling Stallion, with the craving of a smiling horse above the wooden sign. 
For a moment, she paused, wondering if there was any other place for a woman to rest this evening, but she sighed and decided this would have to do. She moaned as she got off the horse by the posts and walked through the swirling snowflakes to knock on the inn door. 
Inside, a light appeared and as the lady waited for the innkeeper, she shivered slightly and pulled the cloak closer towards her. The door creaked open and the innkeeper stepped forward and wearily wiped his eyes. He was around his middle age, a tall, heavy-set man with brown hair and jolly brown eyes. 
He smiled as he said, “Welcome to the Smiling Stallion…milady, and I’m very happy to have you here on such a cold night, for guests are rare now. Anyway, I am Geda and how may we be of service?” 
The lady sighed as she managed to squeak, “I wish to purchase a room for several nights and in my pack, you will find a purse, with enough to pay. For now, could you take me to my room? I feel a little…” Then, before she could finish, she fainted into the innkeeper’s arms. 
Geda the innkeeper panicked and yelled, “Habala! Habala, this lady needs attention! Where are you?”
A plump woman with short, curly black hair and green eyes bustled in, her full skirts rustling as she reached down to hold the hand of the woman and study her. Geda hefted the weight of the woman, grunting softly as he thought that his wife was taking too long, when Habala gasped. 
She whispered, “Why, upon my word! This woman is in labor! Quick, get the midwife, now!” 
Geda gasped and let go of the lady as if she was contagious and quickly rushed off to get away from the lady as he set off for the midwife, since he was quite unsure how to deal with childbirth. 
Habala muttered under her breath as she and two serving girls hauled the lady into the inn. They headed towards the room that Habala shared with Geda and their week-old baby, Oaka. His curious brown eyes looked up at his mother from his crib, but Habala ignored him for now.
When she was put onto the bed, the woman opened her eyes and managed to groan as Habala asked the girl’s name, and the lady said, “My name is Kala, but wait, I haven’t paid you yet. Could you go get…” Habala shushed her as she massaged Kala’s forehead with a washcloth. 
Habala sighed and asked, “Milady, what are you doing all the way up here, traveling with a babe about to be born! I don’t mean to pry or nothing, but couldn’t your husband come with you?” The lady moaned and Habala sighed as she murmured, “Then, I suppose he couldn’t come. Does he know or did something happen?” 
Kala moaned and whispered, “He would have been here by my side to this birth of our son, but sadly he has gone to Pidamana.” 
Habala hugged the lady, for Pidanama was an Old Word meaning ‘heaven’. The lady cried, perhaps for her husband or for the pain she was feeling. 
Finally, Kala said to Habala, “You have been kind to me to help, but this…I fear I won’t survive. Give this, give this to my son, for I am sure that is what he will be…tell him it’s his mother, Kala.” With that she handed Habala a golden locket, with Kala’s name written on it. 
Habala looked at it and shook her head as she told Kala, “No, you’ll make it, never fear. I’m certain you’ll make this, I’m positive…” 
Habala went on, to reassure Kala and herself that the young woman would deliver the son safely. A few hours later, with the help of the midwife that Geda soon brought and Habala, the baby boy of Kala was safely born, but Kala, was sadly too weak. 
That night, after covering Kala with a sheet and putting the baby into a wooden basket full of blankets until Geda could make another crib for the baby, the couple stepped aside. 
Habala inquired, “What are we going to do with that little boy? Should we give him to someone?” 
Geda shrugged and replied, “To whom, exactly? I mean, most families around here and in the forest already have enough mouths to feed without adopting a child not of their own blood. But we, we do have room, don’t we?” 
 Habala nodded and whispered, “Yes, I guess we are able to take a child into our house. Should we tell him the truth, when he gets old enough, should we tell him of his mother? Will our babe treat him like a brother? Oh, can we…” 
Geda shushed her and calmly explained, “We will tell him, because you promised his mother, and our child will love this babe like he was his own twin, never fear. As for anything else, it will all turn out well, if Tau wills it.” 
Eight years had passed and it was the season of Havin. Arria had a calendar with 365 days, but the seasons and months were slightly different from ours. 
First, there is Reda, the season of love and ‘rebirth’, as it is called in the Old Language, with the months of Markee and Apro. Second, there is Plig, the season of ‘planting’, wit Mai and Juna. Third, there is Suma, the season of ‘sun’, with Juli and Augat. Fourth is Havin, the season of ‘harvest’, with Septi and Octabor. Finally, there was Sna, the season of ‘snow’, with Novi and Decam. The first month of every season had 36 days, but the second month of the season would have 37 days, so the calendar was like our calendar with 365 days. 
Anyway, the harvest moon was high in the sky, and the day had been a long one of harvesting crops from artichokes to watermelons. The people in the town had their own fields outside of town, large plots that different families buy and after the harvest, they would share their bounties together from these plots, while farmers near the outskirts of the forest and further away had their own fields. 
Now, a distance away to the south of the town was the Mila Forest, a dark and forbidding place, and the communal plots were just a hop away from the last building on the main town road. Several miles, again traveling north, there was a large beach that looked out unto the Black Sea. 
Many of the fishermen weren’t brave enough to survive the harsh weather to trade with the small islands that almost hugged the coastline of the landmass. Those that made it to the islands did not dare to go farther, into the distant mist, for fear of what may be on the other side.
In the middle of the fields and the beach was a large grassy plain and in the middle of this all was a lonely little house. It was more of a hovel really, about the size for one person to live in and was so old that the paint was peeling off of the paint. An old man lived there, and he was so old that his name was Old Man. 
Actually, this probably wasn’t the name his mother gave him at birth, but the man had been there for so long that many parents had said he was old when they were children. No one asked his name for they all just called him Old Man or katlin, storyteller. 
After long days of work, children would gather around the fire outside of his home and he would tell the old legends, of gods and heroes. The people of Arria believed in many gods and goddesses, who had different purposes in life, and most of the people had no temples and no idea of how to worship their gods as in the past, so they just held festivals to honor them and retold all the legends. 
Tonight, the Old Man was there as usually and his crowd of children was gathered too. The Old Man was just about to speak, but he stopped to turn and grunt towards two boys sitting together whispering. 
Old Man yelled, “Oaka! Basha! Stop fooling, you little chatterbirds!” 
A group of girls nearby giggled at Oaka and Kala’s boy, whom Geda had named Basha after Geda’s great-uncle. Oaka smiled and waved at the girls, laughing happily despite their banter, but Basha looked away for a moment as one of the girls frowned at him.
This girl named Jawen whispered, “Basha, how dense are you? I heard what you said and you’re just a peasant boy! No peasant could ever become one of King Sonnagh’s knights! You’re going to be living here for the rest of your life.” 
Basha’s face grew red and he turned to her and briskly replied, “Jawen, just you wait! I will be a knight, you’ll see! I’ll go to Kiki and defend the King against bad guys! I’ll rescue damsels in distress, and katlins will tell many tales about me, you’ll see! Then how jealous you’ll be about the little peasant boy!” 
The Old Man sternly lectured the boys and Jawen in front of all the children about manners and how not to call anyone names to hurt, but especially on the art of being mute. 
Then, the Old Man started his tale, and when he was finished, he sent the rest of the children home, but kept Oaka and Basha for awhile to give them another lecture. Finally, he let them go and the boys started walking home underneath the rising harvest moon and the growing number of stars. 
The Old Man shook his head as he watched the young boys walking away from him, muttering to himself that he should perhaps stop doing all of this storytelling. It almost seemed like the children grew worse as the years passed and that pair might be the worst of the bunch…however, the Old Man couldn’t help but chuckle a little. 
Jawen certainly seemed quite uppity for living in this small village, so perhaps Basha’s words against her were understandable…although it seemed odd that her words had hurt him so much. The Old Man shook his head and stirred the fire, trying to tell himself that he wasn’t much of a judge on the qualities of humans, but his mind couldn’t help wondering as he stood up to go inside his house. 
Meanwhile, the two boys slowly walked towards their home with Jawen walking at a brisk pace a few feet ahead of them. The candlelight from the village was starting to dim as others went to bed, but Oaka and Basha knew that the candles would still be lighted at the inn. 
Oaka sighed and told Basha, “Why did you have to get so mad at Jawen? You should have just smiled and laughed at her, like I did with the other girls before. Now mother will lecture us about being late when we get home! Why do you think adults lecture so much?” 
Basha shrugged and explained, “Who knows why parents do the things they do? Anyway, I couldn’t let Jawen say the things she did, because they’re not true! I’m the son of an innkeeper, and innkeepers are higher up in the system than peasants too, but does that stop her from saying that? Nope, and she just calls me that because she’s the daughter of a merchant! I wish I could just march right up to her and…” 
 Oaka rolled his eyes and muttered, “You’re rambling, Basha, and the last time you did that, you were feeling bad about knocking over mother’s favorite bowl. Do you feel anything for Jawen?” 
 Basha gasped and exclaimed, “No way! That’s disgusting, Oaka! Besides, I say you looking at Sisila!” 
The boys continued to joke, not noticing that Jawen would occasionally look back, since she was ahead of them, and she wasn’t paying any mind to Oaka at all. 
As the young children walked past the old birch tree on the old dirt road, they were too busy to look up, or they would have seen a shadow flying high above, blotting out the harvest moon. 
It was too big to be an ordinary bird, but if light could have been angled towards the face, it would’ve been similar to the bald head and sharp beak as a vulture. The beady eyes scanned downward, but the children’s features were hard to make out, and thus he couldn’t tell what they looked like. The bird angled his wings, which had a 12 foot span, towards the south. His mission had not been completed and it might be years before he finds the one he is looking for. 
Down below, Oaka laughed at one of Basha’s jokes and then raced on ahead towards the boys’ home, while Jawen headed off to her home. Basha’s pace slowed down and he reached down to touch his mother’s locket underneath his shirt, as he thought of the mysteries that the world had yet to show him. 
He quietly swore, “Someday, Jawen, you’ll see me.”
 
Chapter 1: Coe Baba
 “Someday, Jawen, you’ll see me.” Basha whispered as he took a deep breath and knocked on the door of the small cottage. 
This wasn’t the Old Man’s cottage, but a cottage that stood between many cottages that stood besides the dirt road into Coe Baba. The sun was high in the sky and Basha’s shadow had disappeared. 
Down the road, a shepherd boy was herding a large herd of sheep, which made quite a racket as they walked past the cottage to be sold in market. The market wasn’t very large, since Baba was very isolated up there, but it was a good day to get a good trade. 
One ram halted for a moment to look at Basha, but the boy prodded the ram with a stick to urge it on. Basha could hardly be called homely, yet he wasn’t exactly handsome. 
You could almost say he had a rugged look, a bit of a hard look that sometimes enchants young women, but it wouldn’t take much to make him smile. He was of a medium height and was only a tiny bit overweight. He had lovely hands that showed the years of working in the fields, yet were capable of handling a sword. 
The door creaked open and a young woman stuck her head out. The hair was long and golden-red and she wore an old dress of cotton, with a starch white apron, yet the plain clothes did not hide her beauty, rather it improved it a little, for some reason. Her eyes were blue and cold as they turned towards Basha, but he couldn’t help notice the laugh lines around her mouth. Her heart gave a leap while her mind told it to calm down. 
She frowned at Basha, standing at her door with a bouquet in one hand, and haughtily asked, “Basha, what brings you here to my home? Still trying to woo me or are you here to help with the pigs?” 
 “Jawen, when will you love me?”
 “That will be the day Mt. Doomba turns to ice!” 
She slammed the door in Basha’s face and a few petals fell off the flowers. Inside, Jawen looked at the door and reached for the handle, but shook her head and headed into her kitchen to cook something, anything. 
Outside, Basha turned around when he heard laughter and he yelled, “Hey! Why are you laughing at me? Sisila still hasn’t come by your house.” 
Basha directed this at a young man, the same man that had sat by Basha as a boy. He had black hair with brown eyes, like Basha’s eyes. 
He was very tall, but his height was due to his lanky legs that were too long for his body. He wore a rough, wool shirt that his Mother had made for him with care, but it looked as if she still thought he wore a smaller size. 
Oaka had always been Basha’s brother and friend, for as long as they could walk and say hello to each other. 
Oaka shouted, “So? She has never slammed the door in my face and if she did, I would leave, unlike some stubborn mules.”
Basha queried, “How else do you think a mule gets over a hill? By making wisecracks at those passing him by?” 
Oaka exclaimed, “Well, I certainly have good reasons to make wisecracks, especially towards fools like you!”
Basha roared, “Fools like me? You must be joking, you’re a wiser fool than I’ll ever be!”
Oaka gave a hearty laugh and grabbed Basha’s flowers as he walked towards him. Basha gasped in surprise, but Oaka just chuckled as he threw them up into the sky, where the wind caught them and blew them towards the sea. 
Basha frowned as he cried, “Why did you do that, Oaka? I spent most of the afternoon picking those!” 
Oaka smiled and shook his head as he told him, “It was just a waste of time to do that, you should have known that. You could have been working in the fields, helping with the harvest.” 
Basha sighed and muttered, “Fine, fine, I guess you’re right about that…but one of these days, she’ll accept my flowers.” They turned their heads towards the distance, as they watched a small rose petal fall towards the earth.
Oaka said, “Looks to me like the sun’s starting to go down. You know what it is time for.” 
 “Don’t you think we’re a bit old for that? I mean, we’ll soon be 16 and real men! Besides, he keeps telling the same stories again and again! Why do you want to go?” 
 “It’s a tradition! Anyway, you probably will apply into the Border Guard like most of the promising guys. I’ll probably have to stay on and work at Father’s inn.” 
The Border Guards were a group of young men that patrolled the borders of Arria, making sure that raiders from enemy lands wouldn’t attack any of the towns in the middle of nowhere. Most were farmers’ or peasants’ sons and weren’t really old enough for the army, but did know some skill with sword or arrow.
“Look, you’re good! Sometimes I don’t know why Sir Nickleby says you won’t pass the test, but he is getting a little older and they say something happens to the mind the older you get.”
Oaka smiled, but shook his head as he said, “You know that Nickleby is as sharp as ever, according to Father, but thanks for trying to cheer me up. Come on, last one up the hill is a mule!” Basha laughed and raced after Oaka as a donkey and rider rode by.
It was the last night of Octabor and the crops had all been picked and the children were now gathered together to listen to the Old Man. The sun was a tapestry of colors so bright and vivid, the last glory of the day before the night conquers it. 
The branches of the old birch tree swayed in the wind to an ancient music as old as Arria herself. The owl gave out his mournful call and the field mice silently scurried towards their holes. The robin sat on her nest to sleep as her sister nightingale had just gotten up. 
Old Man groaned at the sight of Basha and Oaka among the crowd of little children, but he sighed and said, “Welcome, dear children. Listen to this katlin’s tale, written a thousand years ago or more for all to hear.” 
As mentioned before this, Arria worshipped an array of many gods and goddesses, with names like goddess Mila of the forest, god Popo of the mountains, god Qii of the harvest, goddess Iida of love, and god Loqwa of death. The highest god, the ruler of all of them, was Tau and legend spoke of an ancient relic, Tau’s Cup, a chalice that was said to have been a part of creation, and this was the katlin’s tale:
Many, many years ago, there was nothing but ocean and sky high above. From the sky, came a white bird that brought day and a black bird that brought night followed him. The white bird and the black bird often danced in the air, rising and falling to the music of the earth that set the rhythm. 
Then, the birds turned toward each other and they collided into each other, creating the sun and the moon. Their collision caused fire to fall and storms raged across the sea and sky, violent storms that had strength unequaled. 
The storms shook the floor of the ocean, and caused parts of it to rise up, until it rose in the twilight area, between ocean and sky, thus creating the land. Small creatures rose from the ocean’s depths and they came upon this land, as they started to transform into the creatures of the land. 
Meanwhile, in the sky above, the sons and daughters of the moon and the sun came together for the first time and they looked down on this new world. They saw the potential of it all, how they could make this world a place of wonder and beauty, yet they did not know how to do this. 
Arguments tore through the crowd, as they proposed ways to control this whole place. Finally, they knew that they could not continue like this, that they must have a leader of some kind. They chose the oldest son of the sun, Tau, and they chose the oldest daughter of the moon, Quela, to be their leaders. 
Tau looked down, and then he turned to the others as he said, “This, all of this you see before you, will be our world, our world to mold and shape. Yet there is something missing in our world, for it is…too serene, too peaceful in fact. If we left all of this alone, it would not matter, for it does not really need anyone to shape it.” 
One of the sons cried, “Then we must create something that needs our attentions, something that needs us to survive, something with a mind that must be filled!” 
Tau nodded to himself as he heard this, then he grasped a golden goblet, a beautiful one fashioned with gold and strange metals, and took it with him to the desert. There, he filled it with sand and a few drops of blood and all of this made the first man and woman, Za and Wan. 
Tau gave his goblet, now known as Tau’s Cup, to Za for him to protect it and serve in times of great need. Za and Wan lived in the desert for many years, calling it the Za Desert, and it was here that their children were born. 
The years went on, and Za passed it on to his son, and so forth through the generations, until it fell into the hands of the first king, King Corr. Yet, Tau’s Cup was lost to the world on the day that Pidaria was sealed forever and there it waits still.
The End
The children all clapped and yawned. Time had passed and the sun was gone, leaving darkness and the first stars in the sky. They got up and headed to their homes. Basha and Oaka sat there a minute more; listening to the silence and feeling the wind stir their hair.
Time went by, and the cold months of Sna, or the season of snow, took control. Mila of the Forest allowed Popo of Snow to come and blow his icy breath. Snow fell gently, enveloping the world with a white blanket that still amazed Basha, even though he had seen it all his life. 
The squirrel was sleeping in his den as the wolves of the forest howled in sadness and hunger. The old birch tree had surrendered her bright leaves and reached out with hands of wood. 
Blizzards came and went, with only the bright sun to give relief. The clouds were heavy with snow and it came down in thick sleets of snowflakes and the wind moaned throughout the forest. At night, the moon made the snow bright and brought about a twilight glow to the world. 
Also in the late hours of darkness, with nothing to do, the family would gather around the fire and entertained themselves with stories, funny and sad stories. Geda had taught his sons how to juggle and play the fiddle, so that it was often that he would call them up to play. 
Oaka was often the one that juggled and sang nonsense rhymes, while Basha played, although the roles were sometimes reversed. Basha spent most of the daytime by playing snowball with Oaka and some of the younger children in the village. 
Oaka’s 16th birthday came and all of the young people of the village came to celebrate, but Jawen passed Basha that night, but he hoped she wouldn’t pass him at his very own16th birthday dance a week later. Yet, she did, but Basha kept hoping she would come by the refreshment table as Oaka and Sisila danced by. 
Sisila had beautiful red hair, tied up in braids with her bright green eyes looking up at Oaka’s dark eyes. It was a little odd to see them dance, for Oaka was pretty tall while Sisila was sort of short, yet they managed. 
Oaka laughed at Basha and yelled, “Basha! Find a girl, don’t chase the wild doe!” 
Basha yelled back, “The wild doe is worth more than any prize an ordinary girl could give!” Oaka laughed and he danced right on by. 
Another important event occurred that winter, the test to enter the town’s militia. The small group of farmers armed with rusty swords, wood chopping axes and hunting bows hadn’t seen action for over 200 years, but many young men that were elected would probably be chosen to leave Baba and train for the army or the Border Guards. 
The militia had been in retirement for most of those 200 years, but that ended about 5 years ago, due to a small series of skirmish known as the Water War that was fought about some leagues away, near the River Mila. Even though the fighting never moved very close to the towns, people were fearful and asked that the militia would be reinstated. 
An old retired knight named Sir Nickleby helped train the men, but he also started to train the young boys. When the Water War ended, Sir Nickleby realized that he was tired of retirement and decided to dedicate his free time to train young men in the ways of sword, bow, and axe. 
Basha and Oaka had been among the first chosen for training and their skills were all thanks to Nickleby, not to mention the fact that their horses, Joko and Talan, had come from him. 
Anyway, this was why on a cold morning in Decam the young men were gathered in a snowy clearing all bundled up with swords and bows in hand. Nickleby walked up, with his gray hair and dark eyes, patrolling the line with a hard eye, still the spitting image of a knight despite the signs of his old age. 
Nickleby paused before heading back to the middle of the clearing and yelling, “Well, congratulations boys, you’re the sorriest looking bunch of lads I have ever seen! Your swords would be put to better use if you turned them into knives! Your bows might as well go and catch my dinner, instead of protect our good King Sonnagh!”
“Now, I don’t mean to criticize without good reason, because I have good reason and that is because I instructed you and deep down, I’m ashamed in myself for allowing you to be called men! Now, first off, we’ll test you children on your sword skills, and I hope that at least some of you know which way to hold it! The first competitors in this test will be Oaka and…Hastin. Here are your wooden swords, boys.” 
A young man and Oaka stepped up, grabbed the swords, bowed to each other, and then fenced. After a long time of parries and blows, Hastin knocked Oaka’s sword away and paused several inches from Oaka’s neck before Nickleby dismissed Oaka with a sad nod and a few marks on Oaka’s report. 
He then called up Basha, who turned to Oaka to whisper, “I’ll get him for you,” before coming up. 
Basha grabbed his sword and quietly bowed, as he calculated his opponent, before choosing Hastin’s stomach as his target. Nickleby gave the signal and Hastin’s sword flew towards Basha, who dodged and deflected another blow. 
Hastin attacked Basha with a fury, while Basha calmly parried every blow, making sure to conserve his energy and make sure Hastin was loosing energy. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Nickleby taking notes, but Basha turned his attention to the fight when he narrowly missed one of Hastin’s blows. 
Finally, Hastin was growing weary and Basha quickly took this chance to knock Hastin’s sword away and quickly forced him down, stopping an inch from his neck. If this were a real sword fight, Hastin would probably be dead. 
Nickleby made a final note and declared Basha the winner of this fight. The day went on, with Basha meeting more challengers until he was defeated. 
He dropped his wooden sword and headed over to Oaka, thinking that his brother would congratulate him. However, he didn’t look over at Basha, but went off to say hello to another friend and Oaka avoided Basha for the rest of the day. 
Meanwhile, Basha also counted the days till the day of his first courting dance, while praying to Iida of Love for Jawen to accept him. Anyway, food was plentiful and the village lasted, until Mila, the goddess of the forest and of the seasons, changed her cloak again. 
The squirrel scurried out of his den as the wolf watched him. The primroses bloomed, announcing the early Reda. The beautiful birch tree grew bright green leaves once more. 
According to the calendar created many years ago, some time after Doomba’s rise, it was the start of the 2681st year of the Dark Ages or DA as it was called by Arria’s time. Anyway, flowers came, birds sang, and the season of Reda, or the season of rebirth, had begun. It was also known as the season of love and the yearly courtship would soon start, on the first day of the first month, Markee. 
Basha and Oaka put on their clean clothes on and walked out of the small room that they slept in together. They lived in a cabin with two rooms, behind Geda’s inn, the Smiling Stallion. 
The cabin had one large room for the kitchen/living room and another large one where Oaka, Basha, and their parents slept. As you recall, Geda and Habala weren’t really Basha’s parents, but they treated him like their son. 
Habala kissed her son Oaka and straightened Basha’s bow, as she told them, “Now, both of you go off and have a good time. Be happy, no matter what happens and try to be charming with the girls. A proper gentleman is judged by how the ladies regard him, remember that.” 
Geda walked by and playfully tickled Habala on her stomach as he said, “That’s right my boys, and few of us can afford to be proper gentlemen!” 
Habala gasped and giggled at her husband, then she sternly turned to her sons and exclaimed, “Now, don’t listen to what your father says! Just make sure not to get too bold. I know that the girls you chose will one day be your wives, but let’s not get ahead of ourselves! Now go, it’s about to start!”
The sun was setting yet again, but the fires had just started, underneath the old birch tree, of course. In fact, many meetings and many courtships had also occurred here, for many loved this tree and were familiar with this location. The whole town had gathered to watch the courtship, happily pointing out their children or wondering who would be with whom. 
Basha and Oaka were in a crowd of young men facing a crowd with young women and Basha quickly spotted Jawen. She saw Basha, but she still wasn’t sure if she should consider him. She had known him all her life and there was some charisma about him she just couldn’t place, but she just wasn’t sure. 
Anyway, the courtship had always been a great tradition of Coe Baba, as well as with many other small towns, and gave a great chance to meet the love of your life. Before the dance was to begin, the elders of the village and the priest prayed to Iida that a true lover would be found for all people in the dance. 
One of the elder woman stood up and all listened, entranced at her voice, as she sang a folk song, sung for hundreds of years during the festival of Iida:
Noi’l lap qui l’domǎp
The Maid danced upon the sun!
The maid pranced upon the rainbow for fun!
Iida the maid, the golden heart!
Fair she is, full of love and giving treats! 
The Rulers laughed at her glee,
And asked if she had anything to plea.
She had one thing to ask,
She wished for a task.
If there was love in the world,
Then how happy the gods would be above!
Tau granted her wish,
Now every creature down to the fish,
Thank Iida, the fair goddess!
The first part then began, in which all the young men and women joined together in a dance. Usually, the dance was similar to a hoe-down, although sometimes they would dance the linganda, similar to the tango. 
The music started to play, a fast-paced melody in the key of E flat, and Basha was soon swept up in the flow of the dancers and he started to realize that several women pushed their way through the crowds to dance with him. 
Basha noticed with interest that Iibala, perhaps the most beautiful woman in all of Baba, pushed through the crowd to dance with him twice! She smiled at him and shivers went up his spine, but he looked up once to see Jawen watching the pair dance together. 
Meanwhile, Jawen grumbled with anger when she saw them, for no woman had ever taken an interest in him before, and the most beautiful woman! Suddenly, she was very jealous and wanted Basha all for herself. She looked around the crowd to find some man, so Basha would be as jealous as she was.
Jawen spotted a man named Hastin, and she quickly asked him for a dance. When Basha saw Jawen with Hastin, he started to mutter to himself. The music stopped and Basha and Oaka once again joined the crowd of men. 
Then the second part began, with the women stepping up to throw their scarves around the neck of the young men. At the end, all of the men had scarves, even Oaka with a little scarf of his own, probably Sisila’s. Basha had about 3 scarves, but he could tell that none were from Jawen. 
He definitely noticed Iibala’s scarf, but he wished he could rip it off. He stared at Hastin with a fury when he saw Jawen’s scarf on his neck. Jawen noted Basha staring at Hastin, very pleased with herself that Basha was quite angry. She could tell Iibala noticed this and the other woman sighed, knowing that Jawen had probably won Basha’s heart. 
The first quarter moon rose as the final part began, with the young men stepping up onto the Lovers’ Rock and telling whom they loved and what they could give to their love. Then the woman would say if they accepted and the young couple would walk quietly into the woods. 
Mostly the other two parts of the courtship didn’t matter much now, although it set up some idea about which girl wanted one of the boys. Basha noted with a bit of devious pleasure that Hastin asked for another girl, but she declined. 
Jawen was a little sad that Hastin had asked another, but she forgot about it when Iibala stared at Basha and giggled. Oaka came up and said that he loved Sisila and that he could only give her his laughter and joy. 
Sisila smiled as she accepted and Oaka whispered to Basha before he ran off, “Don’t worry, Basha. It is very rare if a woman declines, although it has happened, like to Hastin. Just say you’ll give her a house or Talan. Jawen has always loved your horse as much as you love Jawen.” 
Talan was Basha’s horse, ever since Basha started training for the militia. Sir Nickleby had borrowed young stallions and mares from most of the farmers, although a few belonged to him, for all the young boys of 12 to choose from. 
All of the boys went out to the fields to pick strong horses to belong to them and Basha chose a gray, female stallion, a granddaughter of Nickleby’s old war mare. He named her Talan, because in the old language, it meant ‘Loyal’, which fit her personality greatly. She became the best horse in all of Baba and many people offered money for his horse, but Basha never thought of selling her.  
Basha watched Oaka leave and he silently said to himself, “I’ll never give up Talan, for she has always been there for me and she is so faithful and priceless. Yet times have been a little rough, too rough to ask my parents for money for a house and I can’t really offer her just love. She probably never will accept it alone, without something else. What else can I do?” 
After a few more men proclaimed their love, it was Basha’s turn. He stood upon the Lovers’ Rock as custom and scanned the crowd, soon catching sight of Jawen. He stood there for a minute, thinking. Hundreds of thoughts raced through his mind as he stared at Jawen. Jawen bit her tongue and wondered if Basha would ask for her or Iibala. 
At last, Basha started to say, “My name is Basha, the adopted son of Geda and Habala, as my mother Kala was taken by Loqwa, god of death. I come on this spring night, on this night of the ancient ritual of Courtship, that I, Basha, may proclaim to all that my love is Jawen, daughter of Jamen and Lapo!” 
There was a brief pause as everyone cheered and Jawen smiled a little. Yet, she wondered what he would give her. Maybe Talan or something, but he didn’t have much. Maybe she should say no, but she decided to see what he offered her. Basha looked at her and as the clapping died down, he thought again about what he was going to do. 
He looked around and shouted, with a little stammering, “I, Basha, ask Jawen if she accepts my offer and my love. All that I can offer her is my love…uh, my home…and, uh…” 
He looked into Jawen’s eyes and she just stood there looking at him, probably thinking that he was stupid, standing there without anything to say. 
Suddenly, he decided to say the first thing that came into his mind. He shouted, “And by Tau of the Great Valley, I offer her the Cup!” 
Suddenly, cheers of joy turned to shouts of astonishment and the people could just stare at him. Jawen paused for a moment, slightly startled, but a little pleased that someone could offer this to her, who would probably never be as beautiful as Iibala. 
She didn’t remember that Coe Pidaria, the home of the Cup, was hundreds of miles awhile when she gave her answer. 
Only Basha heard her whisper, “I, Jawen, accept your offer of the Cup and your love by Tau.”
Basha sighed and walked along with Oaka to their home. A chipmunk ran up the tree to his home, hardly noticing the two friends. Oaka sadly shook his head and asked, “Why did you say such a thing? You could’ve just given her Talan!” 
Basha replied, “Never! Talan is the only thing that really belongs to me, except for my mother’s locket. These clothes on my back came from our father, but I chose Talan.” 
Oaka then twisted his head about to inquire, “Why did you even ask her? I mean, even Iibala put a scarf around your neck! Didn’t you even consider her?” 
 Basha halted in mid-step and stammered, “Uh…well, maybe…” Of course Basha had considered her. No boy in his right mind would ever not think about Iibala in such a situation, but he didn’t want to say it. Basha’s eyes may see the beauty of Iibala, but his heart still belonged to Jawen. He firmly said, “No. I never, ever would betray Jawen!” 
 Oaka stopped walking and turned back to shout, “Jawen doesn’t even like you! She always acts like she hates you! But, Iibala thought about you, maybe a lot!” 
 Basha gawked at him and told him“I knew that Jawen’s anger was just a shield of her love for me, tucked deep inside her.” 
 Oaka ignored him, as he went on to cry, “Anyway, why would she care what you had to give her? All I gave to Sisila was my laughter and joy! I’m sure Jawen would have been able to accept that!” 
 Basha frowned and retorted, “I wasn’t thinking, okay? Besides, her dad is a merchant, pretty wealthy and she’s used to the finer things! But I can’t take back what I said! When a knight makes a promise, it’s a bond he cannot break!” 
Oaka threw up his hands and yelled, “There are no more knights! There is no more ‘gentlemanly’ behavior! Knights don’t fight for their lady’s honor anymore! I hope a dragon eats you!” 
Oaka stomped off and Basha was confused about this strange reaction. Oaka soon reached The Smiling Stallion inn, and pulled the door open as Geda and Habala simultaneously turned to see him race into the other room. 
Basha came in a moment later to meet their stares and he enlightened them, “Mother, father, I…asked for Jawen tonight. I…also gave her something.” 
Geda nodded and inquired, “That’s good, my boy, but why did Oaka run in like that?” 
Basha sighed and remarked, “It’s a little hard to explain, but…”

“Wow! Oh, Jawen, I am so jealous!” squealed one of the girls. It was the next morning, and many of the young girls in the village were gathered at the town well, supposedly getting water. Of course, they were gossiping about the local boys.
Iibala queried, “Jawen, how come you’ve never shown an interest in him before?”
Jawen laughed and answered, “You should know perfectly well that I liked him as a little girl. In fact, I used to talk to you about it.”
 Iibala sighed, shaking her head as she told her, “I do remember, but that was then. Did it have something to do with the Cup?”
 “Maybe a little bit, but who would say no? I mean, a handsome boy and Tau’s very own Cup?”
The girls nodded and Sisila sadly remarked, “Oaka will probably go with him to get the Cup. You know how close they have always been with each other. I wonder when they will come back?”
Jawen asked, “What do you mean? The Cup is…wait, I’ve forgotten. Where is the Cup?” 
Another girl answered, “You don’t remember? The Cup is supposedly in Pidaria, if it even exists.”
Jawen harshly responded, “Of course it exists! I mean, what would happen if he didn’t find it?”
Iibala answered, “Then he will have to keep looking, or never return. You know how men are about things like that, and they just don’t want to come back without it. So, you better hope that it’s as real as you and me.” 
Jawen shivered a little and dipped her bucket into the well. She tried not to look at the women that were sadly shaking their heads, but she couldn’t stop them staring at her. 
She wished she could punch Iibala when her ‘friend’ murmured, “Poor Jawen. Poor, poor, little Jawen.”
Basha stood before the High Council of Coe Baba. It was now the 3rd day of Markee. The members were the elders of Baba and made the most important decisions, but always were able to settle even the smallest of squabbles. 
Right now, as the noon sun shined outside, the council was having a squabble amongst themselves concerning the problem that Basha had brought about. The council contained some very important men, including Ulna the blacksmith, Lapo the merchant/Jawen’s father, Sir Nickleby as the leader of the Militia, the owner of the emporium, the largest owner of lands near Baba and the mayor. 
There was also men of knowledge, men like the Old Man as the keeper of the Chronicles, the clerk that kept track of many birth/death records, the doctor, the town’s resident scholar, the scribe that was recording this meeting, and various other important members. 
 Ulna said, “The world’s too complicated for little boys on quests. I say let’s all stay where we are and be content here. Knowledge is very, very dangerous.”
The scholar lashed back, “Blacksmith, what a barbaric thought! This terrestrial sphere is a phenomenal place, full of countless enigmas, mysteries meant to be unearthed by all. Much of this terra firma is uninhabited, thanks to fearful men like you and now towns are growing quite too large, possibly a threat to the environment.” The others scoffed, but the scholar continued. 
“Why, can’t you see that the world is much bigger than Salarria?” The scholar asked. “I mean, beyond the mists could be vast bodies of land full of people waiting to hear the voice of Tau! Perhaps the people in the unknown have comprehension, theses about how to solve starvation, poverty, and end bloodshed, patronize liberal arts, or know hundreds of innovations that could improve our daily survival! Oh, oh, horses! Their speed is so hindered by their size, but if we could make some instrument, perhaps using fire or steam, why, we could…”
 “You see? I mean, horses being replaced by machines! What next, a man flying like a bird in the sky?” The blacksmith asked.
The scholar pouted as Lapo told them, “We’re getting off topic, okay? Now, I suggest, Basha, that you forget this whole thing about the Cup, and I’ll give you a house, so you can offer it to my little girl, okay?” 
Nickleby gasped and yelled, “Sir! This boy should go off on his quest, sir! I mean, I have trained him and I believe he could handle any danger thrown at him and you would believe me if he showed you, sir! Besides, this town would go down into history as the birthplace of Basha, the founder of Tau’s Cup, sir! I believe people would come and spend money on souvenirs, trinkets that you will sell them, sir!” 
The mayor, or Count Wmna stood up to yell, “I will not let one of our best young men go out to disappear into the unknown! Men, much older and wiser, have searched for the Cup for hundreds of years, which probably doesn’t exist! No offense, oh great Tau above. Those men all disappeared thanks to Doomba and his creatures, probably.” 
The silence was long as people thought of Doomba, an unknown enigma down in the Wastelands, for no one knew if he was a mortal, a god, or something more hideous. 
It is said that because of him, the Knights disappeared, the great creatures of myth died out, and that the countries to the east hated Arria. Some even said he was the creator of evil, but for hundreds of years, his wrath had mysteriously become very quiet. 
No one knows why and some even doubt his existence, although there have been whispers of the movement of large Trollas, ugly monsters that are 7 feet tall with rock-like skin and the brain of a peanut, dedicated to violence. 
There also have been whispers of the most feared creature of Doomba, the Ghoulmen, tall human-like figures with capes covering everything except their skeletal hands, who are said to be the ghosts of men lured to the side of evil in the Underworld. 
Anyway, this would’ve gone on for quite awhile if a member of the council hadn’t gotten up and cried out the Order of Silence. Everyone grew quiet and Basha looked up into the face of the Old Man. 
The Old Man stood up and proclaimed to everyone, “Has any consulted the Oracle of Mila?” Everyone grew quiet and the Old Man gave a frown at all of them. “Send a messenger out to the Cave of Wonders. He should be back by tomorrow morning. Basha, you may leave now.” Basha nodded and left the large meeting hall.
Later, by the light of the full moon, a messenger walked silently through the bushes. Suddenly, the night was full of the blaze of many fires and a large crowd of people surrounded them, talking of what might happen to them or what had happened to them inside the cave. 
They are the loyal worshippers of the Cave of Wonders, where the all-knowing Oracle of Mila rests. Many frown down upon those who believe in the powers of the Oracle, yet they still insist she or whatever it is has the power of foreshadowing. 
The messenger was among those that did not believe, but he quickly rushed through the masses, trying not to stare at the ‘freaks’. 
One of the priests of the Oracle came to him and asked, “Good pilgrim, do you wish to know the meaning of the Cave of Wonders?” 
The messenger replied, “I do not wish to know, but the Council of Coe Baba wishes to know. Now, bring me to the Oracle so I can leave at once!” 
The priest grimaced, yet he led the impatient messenger down a dark, sloping path that led deep into the earth towards the main cavern of the Cave, beneath the ground of the forest. 
In the cavern, a group of monks bowed to the priest. The messenger just nodded his head and almost bumped into the priest. 
He had stopped in front of a rug and on that rug was a simple wooden stool and on that stool was--something. 
The messenger couldn’t see it, because the shadows had chosen to cover it up, but it was a cowering, misshapen, and disfigured thing covered in hair and who knows what else. The thing was muttering nonsensical words and waving her arms about in a thousand gestures. 
A scribe sat off to the side and raised his head to say, “Sir, the Oracle is ready for your question. She does not understand the Common Language that we all speak, for she only speaks in the Old Language in remembrance of the ancient tribes that lived here long before the Knights came. Anyway, I am ready to translate, so go ahead.” 
The messenger sighed and stated, “O, Great Oracle, all…seeing and all knowing, a youth named Basha wishes to go on a quest for Tau’s Cup. Should he go or not?” 
The figure paused and slanted its head, as if listening to something. For the first time since he came, the thing was silent and the messenger nervously stood there. 
Finally, the figure mumbled, “N, Atlaŧoi’l, al paol ŵaw al ca, mon olca l’paic im lov. Im sio qau…” On and on it went, until it stopped. 
The scribe looked up and said, “The Oracle is done and here is the answer. Go, the Oracle needs to rest.” 
The messenger was given the scroll and before he can ask any more questions, the priest quickly leads the man out of the caves. Meanwhile, the moonlight shines forth from the dark clouds, and the slant of the light comes into the cave to reflect off of the metal. 
The Oracle lunges forward after the messenger, then gives a furious growl as she tries, like she has done for hundreds of years, to free herself from her chains. The scribe scrambles away from the Oracle, fearful of what she might do, as he calls for a priest to calm the Oracle.
The next morn, on the 4th, the council met once again in the meeting hall, along with Basha and the Old Man, when a messenger came running into the meeting room. 
He bowed to the members of council and announced, “Good elders, I have been to the Oracle of Mila in the Cave of Wonders and I asked her your question. Here is her message, although I still don’t see how you could get words from the incoherent mutterings of an old hag.” He unrolled a long piece of paper and read,
‘I, the Great Oracle, all seeing and all knowing, have found the answer that you seek. You spoke rashly, yet you have chosen your destiny by what you have sworn. As you wander, welcome strangers into your group, for friends you will have great need of in this journey of danger. 
Travel southward, through the forest, the hills, and the valley, onward you will go. Your path may change, but your goal must remain clear and you must keep going. Someone will try to hinder you and stop you, using the power of man and beast. He cannot see all, but he knows all. Seek not only the Cup, but seek also Đąǽora’l, seek him and know the truth. No more must I say, you must know no more, but you will learn more at the river o, so wide and long, learn more from my younger sister. Heed this and give thanks.’
All the people quickly whispered, “Thank you, Tau.” 
At last, the Old Man turned to Basha and whispered, “The answer is clear that you shall begin your quest. Leave within the next week, and you are allowed to take a friend and several supplies, including weapons. May peace and Tau be with you, young Basha.” Basha gave a deep bow and quickly left the meeting hall, wondering if for the last time.
Several days passed and everyone gathered on the outskirts of the small coe, to wish Basha a fond farewell. A bird in the sky looked down upon the congregation of townsfolk, gathered again beneath the old birch tree. Today was the 8th day of Markee and the official 1st day of the Great Quest. 
Basha sat proudly on top of Talan, with a quiver of arrows on his back and he was holding an old bow that was given to him by Ulna. He also sat on a packsaddle with food, water, 4 daggers, 1 small axe, flint and some healing herbs. Habala and Geda both came in turn to kiss Basha and Oaka. 
Oaka smiled and said, “Father, keep our fiddle safe for us, will you?” 
Geda smiled and told him, “When you both get back, it’ll sound just as sweet as it ever did, my sons!” 
Habala tried not to cry and their parents went off to the side, as the two foster brothers nervously shifted their weight. Basha turned and was surprised to see the Old Man, who came forward and gave the young man a bundle and Basha could only guess that within the bundle was another piece of cloth. 
The Old Man saw Basha’s curious eyes and shook his head, saying to him, “Don’t open it yet. This is the symbol of King Sonnagh of Arria and it is bad luck to open it now. You may only open it when you come upon a castle, to show that you come in peace. Also, there is a map I have made that shows all of Arria and its paths. Now go, and be brave, young Basha.” 
Basha nodded and the Old Man backed away, bowing to him and muttering his farewells. He waved good-bye as he sat upon Talan’s back and suddenly, he realized that his hat, which Habala had made with love before he left, was gone. 
Basha turned around and hollered, “Oaka! Come back here with my hat!” 
Oaka was sitting on his horse, laughing, out in the middle of the field. Oaka also had a packsaddle filled with several items similar to the items in Basha’s bag. Oaka’s horse was known as Joko, because he was a joke. He was a beautiful bay, but when Oaka picked him, he was a bit scrawny. Yet his coat started to shine and gleam and he became almost as good as Talan.  Anyway, before Basha raced off after Oaka, he gave another small kiss to Jawen. 
Jawen gave him a white handkerchief embroidered with a red rose. She told him, “This is my favor to you, to show that I truly love you. Keep it with you always.” 
Basha nodded and before he could leave, Jawen quickly pulled him down to whisper, “Basha, you know you don’t have to do this. My father, he’ll get us a nice home, we’ll be happy right here. I wouldn’t blame you, I’ll just be happy that you’re mine.” 
Basha paused for he hardly dared to hope that what he had just heard was true. He looked up and in the distance saw Lapo smiling at Basha, before looking down to see Jawen pleading with him. He looked up again and saw all of those eager eyes, all expecting him to go off and be a hero. 
Finally, he looked down at her and whispered, “Jawen, I love you more than anything, I really do. If this were a different situation, I would gladly just stay forever. But everyone heard what I said and what will they say about me if I do stay? I’m so, so sorry and I hope you can forgive me.” 
Jawen sighed as she nodded and stood up on tiptoe to kiss Basha gingerly on the cheek. Basha gave a contented sigh and Talan set off after Joko and Oaka. 
Oaka paused and turned to Basha to ask, “Basha, wouldn’t it be shorter to go to Anji, instead of Dobila?” 
Basha nodded, but replied, “Yes, but there are tons of thieves on the way to Anji and this way will be safer, to circle from Dobila to Anji. Plus, we’ll get to see more of the country if we take the time to stop by all of the towns! Now, let’s ride!” 
The crowd watched the friends as they raced off and they stared at nothing but dust for awhile and headed back to their jobs. Only Jawen, the intended bride of Basha, and Sisila, the intended bride of Oaka, remained behind. 
At last, Jawen whispered, “Come, Sisila. They have left and we must go back to our lives. Sisila? Sisila?” 
Sisila watched the cloud of dust that was kicked up and she sighed. She whispered, “Do you think they will ever come back?”
“Who knows what lies out there, in the forest and in the hills?” Jawen said. “Evil lives there, in beastly and manly form. We must try to forget and live, love and work again.”
“I suppose you’re right, but still…”
Jawen nodded and the two women, who were even now thinking themselves as widows, started back towards the coe, to go back to the way things used to be before a young man named Basha cried out that he was going in search of the Cup.
 
Chapter 2: New Friends
In the towers of a large castle, in the early morning, all you could hear was the sound of silence. Fearfully, servants trotted down the long hallways, not knowing what would happen if they even paused. 
Their lord had told them that a guest was visiting, a very important guest, and they must not be disturbed during their meetings. Some servants had seen him arrive, an old looking man on a tired horse that had traveled many miles, but they knew nothing more than this. Sometimes, servants glanced at each other in the corridors and their eyes met for a moment, causing their fear to disappear. They all know that they had the same thoughts about their lord. 
Yes, some of these servants had secretly been thinking of all sorts of wicked ideas about ‘rebellion’ and other such nonsense. However, such servants were among the minority, since most of the servants agreed that their lord, for the most part, took care of them, which was more the pity for the few servants that wanted a rebellion. 
One of the servants slowed down a little, and stopped to open a door to a small study as he held out a rag. It was dirty work to dust the rooms of this old castle, since it usually sent out clouds of dust that made you cough, and nobody wanted to do that job. 
Usually, they would pass this job to the lowest servant and today would be no exception as this young boy of 13 or so started to dust the bookshelves in the room. No one truly knew who he was or where he came from, since he had been found as a babe in a basket by a tree, but they had decided to take care of him. 
The boy had short, dirty blond hair and small, brown eyes that peeked every which way from a face that was characterized even more by his slightly large ears. He was a small boy for his age and he had been small as a baby and with such a trait, it was his destiny to eventually be called Gnat. 
Gnat coughed as his cloth kicked up dust, and as he wondered if his cloth was doing nothing more than spreading it around. He looked up at the bookshelf that he was cleaning, wondering what was in all of these books. An old butler had once taught him how to read and write, just in case little Gnat became a steward or such. 
However, it wouldn’t be good for him to stop in the middle of chores to read these big, heavy books. He would surely be punished if they found him like that! 
He sighed and was about to move on to another bookshelf, when he heard voices coming and one of them, he knew, was the voice of his lord, Lord Fobata. 
For a moment, Gnat thought about leaving the room, just in case his lord and the old man were coming, but he was a little curious. He decided that even if they came in, he would hear what they had to say. 
However, this would be tricky to hear and see them, so Gnat looked around for a place to hide near the chairs. He smiled as his eyes passed by an old armoire full of robes that Fobata used to wear in past years whenever he came here to read. 
Gnat, of course, knew that Fobata wasn’t able to wear these robes now due to his weight, so he jumped right in and closed the door until there was only a crack, without any fears of discovery. 
The door into the study was opened and Gnat sat there, quiet, as he managed to catch sight of the men walking over to sit in the nearby chairs. Fobata, who was sitting closest to Gnat, smiled at his guest and coughed, frowning as he looked around, as if he was able to see the specks of dust that Gnat had missed with his rag. Lord Fobata was quite plump and the chair beneath him was starting to creak with the weight, but Fobata tried to ignore it as he smiled at his guest.
Fobata finally stopped smiling as he said, “It is good to see you again, but I wish you would visit more often, for are we not in a way like brothers? Then again, it may be considered suspicious if others may be watching us. Why have you come all this way from Kiki?” 
The old man growled and muttered, “I have received messages from gruelmoffs and by other means, all from Doomba, telling me that I must warn you of danger. I do not see why Doomba wishes to warn you about danger, since I think it would be best if you were no longer around to be a nuisance.” 
Inside the armoire, Gnat clasped his hands over his mouth, staring at the back of Fobata’s head, as he wondered if it was true--his lord, a Follower of Doomba? 
Gnat shivered, wondering how it could be possible that he had never been able to guess of such a thing, as Fobata said, “To warn me of danger? What will happen? Does it have anything to do with Doomba, will it be a danger to him as well?” 
The old man shrugged and said, “Who knows what will happen? All I know is that Doomba sent off a Follower to ask questions of the Oracle of the Tau River, and that Doomba learned some news. According to him, someone is coming here, someone dangerous to us all, on Apro 1st.” 
Fobata growled and murmured, “Someone is coming here on Apro 1st? But that’s just two days after my birthday and what with the party that has been planned and all of the guests that were invited, how can I explain the absence of someone that arrived on Apro 1st?” 
The old man snarled as hissed, “Don’t ask me, just do whatever has to be done to make sure you finish off whoever comes on that day! Doomba has given you a task, to show how trusting he is of you, and it would bring a curse on you if you fail!” 
Gnat stared, shocked, as Fobata lowered his head and timidly whispered, “Yes, I suppose I should not have asked that. Anyway, what of the plan? I fear Captain Goga is growing restless, for he has heard of the plan his whole life and thus far, we have done nothing.” 
There were some more whispers and talking, but Gnat sighed, since it had mainly headed toward talks of treaties and other things. He did not know what was coming on Apro 1st, but he figured it must be someone powerful and good, to make this old man come from Kiki to warn Fobata of the person’s coming. 
Whoever he was, Gnat knew that he had to help this person that will come on Apro 1st. This person, perhaps, could destroy Fobata forever, this evil man who was a Follower of Doomba! 
He had heard all of the rumors, the rumors of rebellion against Fobata. One of the servants, he did not know who, had been the first to suggest this and now just about all of the servants were arguing over the matter. 
Gnat had not really found much cause to rebel, but now after all that he had heard…how could he not rebel? Despite his resolve to rebel against Fobata and to help his lord’s enemy, Gnat could not see how all of this could be done. 
I mean, he was nothing more than a child, a poor child that was foolish and knew nothing. Gnat covered his eyes, feeling like he wanted to cry in frustration, but it wouldn’t do to reveal himself after everything he had heard. Finally, the words faded away and Gnat waited for a while after Fobata and the old man left before he opened the armoire door and raced out into the hall.

Basha opened his eyes and blinked. He sat bolt right up and looked around him in bewilderment and wonder at the trees all around him and stared at the pile of smoldering ash that was once a roaring fire. 
Darkness seemed to wait at the border of their camp, ready to leap and tear at them. The sun shone dimly from the somber canopy of the trees and it was as if it were dusk. Then he sighed as he remembered what had happened yesterday, outside of Coe Baba and how he was on a quest. 
Suddenly, he heard a voice saying, “Basha! What’s with you, thought you were back home?” 
Basha gave a quick laugh and answered, “No, I was just wondering why there was a mule, instead of Joko.” 
 Oaka paused and turned to him, frowning as he inquired, “How can I help it if Joko isn’t like Talan?” 
 Basha gasped and cried, “No, Oaka, I didn’t mean anything like that!” 
 Suddenly, Oaka laughed and shouted, “Oh, you meant me! Anyway, I know we’re going to Pidaria, but how are going to get there? What towns are we going to stop at, besides Dobila?” 
Basha nodded and sat down upon the ground. He grabbed a bag sitting near by and glanced at the bundle of cloth before he got out a piece of paper, a long map. He unfolded it to reveal a map of Arria, handwritten by the Old Man. 
Basha had some trouble reading the sketchy handwriting of his, but soon was able to understand it. The intricate detail of the map enchanted him, the tall mountains, the trees, the flowing rivers, and the castles and their towns. He had never seen any of the townsfolk leave the village of Baba, so it amazed him that some ordinary man could have been able to make such a map. 
He informed Oaka, “All right, for the first part of our journey we left Coe Baba, and will head southeast to Dobila, west to Anji and southeast to Eela. 
“We rest at Eela for several weeks, then south through the Popo Mountains and Lake Tri to Kiki in the Tau Valley, where we rest again. 
“Then west to Coa and we head to the coastline, which we follow all the way to Pidaria. 
“Then we head to the eastern border of Arria and head north on our way to Baba, resting only at the coes of Jaja, Giga, Wana, and Dobila. Hopefully, we will only be gone for less than a year or so and won’t be bothered by anyone in the Wastelands. That’s my plan, anyway. What do you think?” 
Oaka stared at Basha and said, “I have absolutely no idea what you’re talking about, but I agree.” They both laughed for a while, then quickly ate and mounted their horses to set out. 
They rode for several days, with no incidents to speak of. The forest was beautiful at this time of year, so vibrant and full of new life, after several months of coldness and silence. There was an old dirt road, but occasionally in some places, the road’s borders weren’t quite clear and the horses would wander about for quite some time. 
Their horses had similar characteristics of being fast and strong, but oftentimes they lacked endurance. So occasionally they would have to get off and lead the horses to lighten the load, but the forest floor wasn’t as clean as it appeared to be so high up and they often had to clear away thorn bushes or brambles from their path. 
Food had been packed to last for days, but the fare was mainly hard biscuits, dried meat, potatoes, Mother’s sugar cookies, apples and other nonperishable stuff. Occasionally, back when they had been still a day or two’s ride from Baba, they had seen some small cottages nestled off of the side of the road, with a field set up, but they were soon gone.
One day, day 5 of the Great Quest and the 13th day of Markee, Basha and Oaka were riding hard through the forest. Oaka was having a bit of a rough time riding through the forests. It seemed that every single low-hanging tree branch was out to get him, right in the jaw. 
A squirrel chattered at Oaka for almost knocking him off a branch. After several branches had hit his head and a scar was starting to appear, Basha shouted out if Oaka wanted to rest, but Oaka shook his head. Basha urged Talan on and the horse obeyed. 
Basha shouted, “Race time, old pal! Let’s do it!” 
Oaka laughed and urged Joko onward, but Joko hesitated for a second. Oaka also felt the same, because he knew he wouldn’t win the race or that he would fall off during the race. Yet he didn’t want to pass the chance to show-off to Basha. 
On they flew for several minutes, and Basha laughed with sheer joy. Then, he heard a familiar neigh by his side and turned to look at Oaka, but his eyes popped at what he saw, which was nothing! 
Joko was running with no one in the saddle! Basha stopped Talan and got off to call for Joko. Joko raced back towards Basha and slowed to a halt. Basha grabbed the reins and started to lead the horses back the way they came, searching for Oaka. 
Basha rode on for awhile like this and he whispered, “Oh, Tau! Where are you, Oaka?” 
Then Basha realized something was wrong. He heard no animals; no singing birds or chattering squirrels. The forest was still, such as in the eye of the storm, when in the middle of a hurricane or tornado there is a sickly calm that is soon replaced with a fury. 
Many who see it are apprehensive, yet enthralled by this event. Basha felt the same way, although there was more fear than fascination. 
Yet Basha still thought that this was some story and in stories, the hero always walks toward danger, which is exactly what Basha did. Suddenly, Basha heard a screech and looked up in wonder at the sight of a flying falcon. 
The great falcon had dark brown feathers and black feathers at the tip of the wing. The black eyes had a glint in them of intelligence. The way it moved, the grace of its sweeping wings enraptured him. 
Basha thought it was strange that the falcon was flying so low. Then he yelled as he realized that the falcon was heading straight towards him! The bird hit Basha’s stomach and Basha did a roll. Basha lifted his head and looked down at the falcon lying on his back on Basha’s lap. 
The only thing Basha could do was stare when the bird yelled, “Wolves! Coming here! Get out of my way, boy!” The falcon flapped his wings and took fight as Basha watched him soar into the blue yonder. 
He heard the bushes stir and whirled about to look at Oaka. Basha yelled, “What happened? Did you see that falcon? It talked to me, a falcon talked to me!” 
 “Didn’t see any talking falcon, but wolves are after me! I fell off Joko and some wolves started to chase me. Quick, get the horses and let’s get out of here!” 
The two men gathered the horses and set off, when Basha heard something and turned around to see a horrible sight! Black wolves were racing all around them, larger than any mortal wolf with their canine teeth hanging down below their lower jaw, sort of like a beaver, with fur as black as midnight and red, blood-shot eyes. 
Basha feared that they were demons or evil spirits from the dead. One of them chasing them slowly moved towards Talan’s side and Basha stared at the foaming mouth. The wolf snapped at Talan’s leg, but he was discouraged by a sharp kick, thanks to Talan. 
Basha smiled at the wolf, for he realized that the wolf was any old wolf, for only a mortal wolf could bleed. Yet, he wondered for one second if that was true, for the black wolves had a grace and power, especially down in the long legs that powered the wolf. 
Basha looked all around him and it struck him as strange that he felt as if this whole chase was just an elaborate dance and that he was the main star. He was soon brought back to earth as a wolf leapt up to bite him, but Basha hit him smartly on the nose with the hilt of his sword. Basha then ignored the wolves and promptly urged his horse to go faster. 
They kept riding for several minutes until Oaka yelled, “Stop, Basha, stop! They’re all gone!” 
Basha stopped Talan and looked around, but no wolf could be seen. The familiar sounds of animals had resumed and this finally convinced Basha. 
Oaka, who had stopped a few feet behind him, now rode up beside him and queried, “Why do you think those wolves were after us, Basha? I’m starting to suspect that they weren’t trying to eat us.” 
 Basha shrugged. “Who knows why wild animals do what they do?”
Suddenly, Basha heard a familiar voice screech; “You fools! They weren’t after you, they were after me!” Basha looked up as Oaka stared, open-mouthed, at the brown falcon sitting in a tree.
“My name is Fato, if you idiots can remember that.” 
 Oaka gawked up at Fato and exclaimed, “Wow! Basha, you were right! There is a talking falcon and…hey! We’re not idiots, you dumb bird! In fact, I bet I can squeeze your puny little head! Want to found out if I can?” 
Fato ruffled his feathers and replied, “Fine, boy, although that would prove nothing about how ingenious you are. Besides, it looks like you could use some help. What are you doing here, anyway?”  
Basha answered, “That is not your business, now is it? But if you insist, you can dine with us and we’ll tell you. What we do wish to know is where Dobila is, since we lost it.”
Fato told him, “Thank you for inviting me to dinner, and I hope you have something better than mice, because if you do, I may be persuaded to tell you what I am doing here. Anyway, I know where Dobila is, because I just left Dobila a while ago, and I know that if you want to head that way for a stop, you’re going off-course. I think it is now somewhere in the northeast.” 
Oaka moaned and muttered, “Great. I was hoping for a nice warm bed tonight.” 
 “You’re a coward, that’s what you are! ‘Oh, how I wish for a bed and my mommy to tuck me in!’ Well, I’m glad you’ll only get the ground tonight!” Oaka screamed and raced towards the tree. Fato gave an annoyed squawk as he took flight, with Oaka right behind him. Basha laughed and raced off after the two.
That night, the moon was high above and the fire was roaring hot. Fato kept complaining about the food of berries and old bread, but Oaka silenced him by asking whether Fato wanted to give him the only rat Fato had caught. At last, the small dinner was done and Basha, along with Oaka giving some details, told Fato about his quest for the Cup. 
Basha told Fato about the flag and was going to show it, but Fato squawked, “I know what it looks like, so you don’t have to show it! How do I know? Because I am a messenger of King Sonnagh himself and that is nothing but the truth!” 
Fato gave a happy cackle and ruffled his feathers, apparently pleased with himself. He continued, “I am delivering a very important message and the wolves aren’t any ordinary wolves. They are Servants, sent out to seek and destroy. The message is inside my head and if I were tortured, I would never tell. Anyway, I think I can stay and follow you till you reach the capital, but that’s all, folks!” 
Basha nodded and said, “Thank you very much for joining us, Fato. One thing I wonder is how you can talk, being an animal.” 
Fato shrugged and said, “Well, it is a bit of a mystery, but according to legend, there once was a man named Dalan. Have you heard of him?” 
The boys looked at each other and shrugged as Fato screeched, “Oh, Tau! How stupid humans are! Well, here is one legend and it supposedly takes place in 23 GA, or the 23rd year of the Golden Age. At this time, good King Corr was 36 and his wife, Kiki, had just given birth to his son, Marvola the Magnificent. Most of Pidaria had been completed and a manor or two was built in Tau Valley by some of the Knights. Anyway, here goes:
Many a year ago, there was a duke named Dalan, who built a small castle in Dracwood, where he kept many treasures and guarded the people of the Vale, soon called Tau Valley. He often wandered in his woods to seek out the birds and listen to their sweet songs, yet sadness he felt, for he understood nothing of what they sang. 
One day, as he wandered far, he met a hag, a witch by the name of Wïĺouma. He was repulsed by her looks, yet he asked her, “Witch so wise indeed, why did Tau separate man and beast by speech and thought? Is there no way to speak to animals of field and wood?”
 Wïĺouma answered, “Even I know not the ways of the gods, but I have a spell and you, Dalan, will bring forth voice from all of the animals! Here is what I demand for such a gift. I demand from you your castle and earthly treasures, so thus you may wander about, a wild man who speaks to the beasts and fowl all around. Will you pay my price?” 
Dalan nodded and gave her everything he owned and the witch gave him one last warning, “You will be able to talk to all of the animals, but they may not talk to others. If they have a bit of intelligence in them, they will be able to talk to other humans, but others, most animals, will forget the use of speech when you are done.” 
Dalan nodded and set off to live the rest of his life as a wanderer, the friend of all of the animals of Arria and beyond, all of Salarria. It is said that he spent the last years of his life in the rain forest of Kiwata, now called Dalan Forest. The End
They clapped and Fato bowed, as Basha said, “That was a lovely tale, and Dalan sounds like an interesting person. I’m glad to have you with us, again I must say.” 
 “Thanks. I’m glad too, except I hope Oaka doesn’t go poop under my tree.” 
Oaka jumped up, but Basha held him back, while Fato taunted Oaka from a distance that suited him just fine. Basha wondered what Fato meant by the wolves being Servants, but when he asked Fato, the falcon just shrugged.
The group started off once again, joined by the falcon Fato. Fato was a good traveling companion, except for his constant complaining and bickering with Oaka. Basha kept trying to control the tensions, but sometimes things got a bit out of his control. Sometimes, Fato woke them up at dawn in his rush to get to the capital. 
He would squawk, “Rise and shine, you bunch of lazy, smelly boys!” 
Oaka yelled, “It’s too early and we get the smell from hanging too close to you!” 
 “Is that all you can say? If you want to insult me, do it properly!” 
 “Your mother was an ugly vulture!” 
Fato screeched and scratched Oaka’s face, as he said, “Sorry, but you insulted me very properly!” 
Also, they hardly had to rely on their food supplies, because Fato was a very good hunter. Even though Fato was a bit mean, Basha couldn’t help liking the falcon. 
Basha also noticed with a little curiosity that Fato sometimes disappeared for a few minutes on the trail and came back. He asked no questions and told no one. For several nights, fearing the wolves would pursue them, the group took turns posting guards, but there eventually appeared to be no need. 
As the days passed, the group started to long to get to Anji, where they could rest for several days and soon, they were traveling several miles more than before. Another reason for their rush was because of the black wolves. 
Oftentimes at night, Basha and the group could hear a large pack howling off in the distance. They hoped that the wolves wouldn’t dare follow them to Anji. 
More farms and a proper dirt road, not a trail, started to appear as they got closer to Anji. On the roads, they had sometimes seen a lone wagon or rider in the distance, but now they were sort of riding among large caravans of wagons and riders, probably all huddled together to avoid thieves. At last, on the 12th day of the Great Quest and the 20th day of Markee, they arrived in Anji.
Coe Anji was larger than Coe Baba and the market place was much more impressive than Baba. Basha couldn’t help but stare at the many stalls, people, livestock, and items like a little wide-eyed boy.
 This town was obviously blessed by Bidana, the patron goddess of merchants and Qii of the Harvest. The market was filled with many unusual sights and smells, while the market at home only had the smell of sheep and cows. Basha stopped to stare at a strange little beast on a leash. It walked upright, like a human, but was covered with fur, had a tail, and its feet looked like hands! 
Fato laughed and said, “That animal is a monkey and swings from tree to tree in the jungles of lands far from here. Some even think that humans come from monkeys! Ha, you’re related to these flea infested apes!” The monkey hissed and made a grab for Fato, but he was too slow.
Oaka, on his horse, started to yell at some people walking along the narrow street, “Watch out! Can’t you see I’m riding here! Out of my way!” 
Talan walked through the streets, and never needed Basha to guide him into the passages that gave the best amount of space to travel along.  Basha looked at the signs all along the street and quickly pointed out a sign shaped like a duck with the words ‘The Walking Duck’. 
The group headed into the stables, where Joko and Talan were giving to the stable boys. Talan, with the sun making his white coat shine, gave a quiet neigh to Basha and looked at him with his beautiful blue eyes. Basha petted his nose and headed with Oaka and Fato on Basha’s shoulder, to the front of the inn. Suddenly, a man came hurling out of the front door, right in front of Oaka startled face. 
The man picked himself up and said, “Sorry, boys. A bit of a fight going on, you understand. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m gonna go help me pals.” The man went back in, with Basha, Oaka, and Fato following, into a very frenzied and chaotic scene.
The main room of the local inn was in such a terrible chaos! There were people brawling in separate groups, people lying about the room, some were hiding, some were staring and Oaka yelled as a man flew by him and out the door! 
Oaka whispered to Basha, “Do you think there is another inn to stay at for the night?” Basha shook his head and groaned. 
Fato screeched, “Ah! You humans are all alike! Fighting against your own kind for territory and food! Even wolves never fight with each other, if it can be helped!” 
Oaka stared at the bird, but Basha quickly turned and told Fato to keep quiet, for the sake of peace. Suddenly, Basha looked up and realized Oaka wasn’t nearby, again! 
Basha looked around and yelled, “Fato! I can’t find Oaka!” 
 “Are you blind? Oaka is over there, getting beat up by some guy.” 
Basha turned around and saw Oaka and Oaka was, indeed, getting beaten up well by a guy.  Basha turned his head to Fato and yelled, “Fato, why didn’t you tell me?” 
 Fato made an odd grin and squawked, “Tell you! Oaka deserves it.” 
While Basha started to wonder if Fato shouldn’t get beaten on himself, he headed over, trying to dodge flying men and jump over fallen men. Basha realized that Fato wasn’t on his shoulder anymore, but he didn’t mind. 
He half hoped that the little birdie was getting a flat head! He, at last, reached Oaka, who was lying on the floor, crying! 
Amid the noises of punches and Fato’s horrible laughter from an eave in the ceiling, Basha grabbed the man sitting on Oaka’s stomach, punching Oaka from this position. Basha stared at the back of the man’s head and he was a bit surprised that the man’s hair was a bit long and that he was small. Basha grabbed the man’s torn tunic and stared at the face of the man. Except, the man was a girl about his age! 
She bawled, “Let go of me, boy! I won’t kick your friend anymore, okay?” 
Basha just stared at her and let go of her tunic. The girl growled at him and let go of Oaka. For some reason, as the girl continued to punch other guys, Basha kept hearing birds sing. Basha just stared at nothing and didn’t even feel the punch or didn’t understand why the darkness came.

Jawen sighed a little and started to hum as she started to sew a little favor. She didn’t know that Basha was okay, so she just assumed he was gone. 
Her feelings for him, she realized, were just symptoms from some crazy crush she had as a child. Still, she wondered if he was okay…but she shook her head and tried to picture that handsome young man named Hastin. 
Suddenly, there was a knock at her door and she was a little mad to see that little terror named Iibala was at the door. It was already rumored that she had bedded down with two unwedded men. 
Anyway, she wasn’t looking as beautiful as she usually was when she asked, “Jawen, can you please help? I wanted to go comfort Sisila in her time of need, but I greatly fear something is wrong with her! She kept thinking she was talking to Oaka!” 
Jawen clicked her tongue and followed Iibala down the road to the little cabin where Sisila lived all alone in, ever since she became old enough to live alone. As they passed the people, Jawen noticed that the Old Man, the katlin, was among the people, but only Jawen noticed this.
 The two women walked into the house to see a strange sight. Sisila was sitting at her table and talking animatedly to an old cornhusk doll at the other end. 
Her eyes were strangely clouded as she said, “Oh, Oaka, you tell the funniest jokes! Oh, look! Here are two of our best friends, Iibala and Jawen! Hello and good day! Oaka, please be a courteous host and say hello to your guests!” The two women sadly said hello to the cornhusk doll. 
Sisila smiled and asked, “Would you like some tea?” Iibala and Jawen shook their heads and left Sisila as she asked ‘Oaka’ about how Basha was doing. 
Jawen sighed and said, “I don’t know what to do. Let’s just leave her alone for now, but keep an eye on her. I fear she is addled in the brain.” Iibala nodded and they parted, and as Jawen wandered about, she saw Geda and Habala. 
She headed over and said solemnly, “Good day, Geda and Habala. How are you today?” 
Habala sighed and answered, “We’re doing well, I suppose, since the inn is good and our crops are doing well in the town plots. It’s just…so quiet. I guess we’ll get used to it, but…I’m sorry, we really must be going.” The couple rushed off and Jawen watched them go with a heavy heart.

Light shined upon Basha’s eyes, one of which was sore and black. Someone was rubbing a cloth on his face, white with a red rose. He vaguely remembered the pretty girl of golden hair that had given him the cloth and this made him forget everything for a minute.  He opened his eyes and looked at Oaka’s and Fato’s faces. 
Basha whispered, “Where are we? What happened? All I remember is that girl that was punching you.” 
Fato cackled and Oaka sighed before he answered, “We’re in our room at the ‘Walking Duck’. Another guy got you right in the middle of the face! Anyway, guess what about that girl that almost killed me? From what I heard, she’s the one that started this fight and the owner of the inn is still trying to think of a punishment for her. Anyway, just rest. We can risk staying here for a few days.” 
Fato laughed and screeched, “Ha! A little girl has more muscle than you do, Oaka! Can you beat that?” 
Oaka growled and shouted, “Oh, yeah? Well, you’re no more than a little…birdie!” 
Fato snapped at Oaka, who then made a grab for Fato, who flew up into the air and flew in circles, out of Oaka’s grasp. Basha sat up in bed and laughed as he watched his own personal circus.  He decided that he would stop all of this, after a few more minutes.
A few days went by and Basha’s eye started to heal. The group heard nothing of the girl or her punishment and soon forgot all about her. 
Fato left for a day or two and when he came back, he made sure no one was able to talk about his disappearance by throwing insults around that they were slow, since they hadn’t left yet. 
At last, on the 23rd day of Markee, Basha heeded Fato and started to gather some food and such, which would last till they reached Eela. The next day at dawn, Basha and Oaka mounted their horses, Talan and Joko, with only the yawning innkeeper’s presence to bid them farewell. Basha stuffed the bags full with food and hid the flag near the bottom of one of the bags. 
Fato was snoring and often muttered in his sleep, “Mummy, can you chew a worm for me?” 
Oaka silently chuckled, but Fato woke up and started to yell at Oaka. Basha sighed and headed off, with Oaka on his horse and Fato in the air, following. 
They rode steadily onward, with hardly any stops till nightfall. The horses were panting really hard by then and Fato didn’t disagree when they finally stopped for the evening in a small clearing. 
At last, some rats had disappeared into the stomachs of the hungry group. Fato gave what sounded like a purr, similar to a cat. Oaka burped, Basha burped, and suddenly they were in a bit of a burping contest. 
Fato screeched, “Stop, guys! There is something over there!” Basha and Oaka stopped and looked at a group of bushes, where they could hear a rustle. 
“Is it a wolf?” 
 “Hard to tell, but I think that if it was a wolf, it would have jumped out of the bush by now. But then you can never tell with them.” 
Basha looked at Oaka and started to move towards the bushes. He paused for a second, because his fear had suddenly caught up with him. But he kept telling himself that the greatest heroes never were afraid, so he kept going. 
He put his hand in the bush, felt something, and pulled. Suddenly, he was looking down on the face of the girl that had punched him in the nose at the ‘Walking Duck’.
There was silence as the group looked at the girl, until Fato laughed and crowed, “Hey, Oaka! Look, it’s the girl that beat you up good at the inn! Has she come back for more? Ha!” 
Oaka yelled and started to chase after Fato, high in the sky, while Basha asked, “Yes, why are you here, girl? Have you truly come back for more?” 
The girl had long, raven black hair with freckles and her skin was quite tan. She had dark blue eyes with coldness in them at the same time. 
Yet there was strength surrounding her and she definitely had muscles. Her black hair had been tied up into a bun and she was wearing a long woolen shirt with pants made from the rough hair of a goat. Basha stared at her for a brief moment, but he shook his head at the thought of Jawen and prayed that this girl hadn’t noticed his stares. 
The girl laughed and explained, “Why would I come back for more? Back at the inn, I suppose I was a bit hasty in punching your friend. I had just lost a card game and besides, I didn’t intend to follow you. I’m here because I was banished from Anji for causing a ‘disturbance of the peace’. By the way, my name is Monika and what be your name and your friends?” 
 “I am Basha of Baba and my friend chasing the bird is Oaka, my friend from Baba. That falcon there is Fato, who claims to be a messenger for the king. We all are on a great quest, to Pidaria.” 
Monika looked at him and giggled again as she said, “A quest? You are barely a man, why should you be questing? I have heard of Pidaria, yes, but why do you seek it?” 
Basha and Oaka, (for by then he had given up catching Fato) started to tell Monika the long story of their quest. When they had finished, Monika nodded and told them, “Yes, I have also heard of Tau’s Cup, but I have heard it in several ways.” 
They asked, “What do you mean by that?” 
 “I once lived, as a young girl, in a nomadic tribe in the Za Desert known as the Windbow tribe. There was also an Old Man in a way for he was my grandfather Pepa, as he liked to be called. 
“He would sit by the fire and tell us stories and I heard, once or twice, the tale of Tau’s Cup, how it made the first people. However, in all of his stories, he never talked about what happened to the Cup after that, never mentioned that Tau gave it to Za and so on. I suppose it is part of our culture, not to talk about treasures and such.” 
Oaka asked, “What do you mean? We’re not looking for treasure, are we?” 
 “I’ve been wandering about Arria since I was 14 and I have heard a few more tales that Pepa never told me, like from one man that it would give immortality if you drink from it. I also heard that it could be used to create servants, as many as you want.” Basha and Oaka looked at each other. 
Basha said, “I suppose that is interesting, but we’re not looking for it because of that! We’re looking for it because it’s there and because I must prove my love and devotion and loyalty to Jawen. I have made this vow with Tau’s sacred name! Is that not true, Oaka?” Basha turned to Oaka, who was just sitting there frowning. 
 “Oaka?” 
 Oaka muttered, “I’m thinking, I’m thinking.” 
 “Oaka! For shame!” 
 “Look, Basha, you may have made a pledge to Jawen, but what about me? I miss home and my Sisila! What if I never see her again? I’m not even sure I want to take that chance! Look, my brother, I’m sorry I have to say all of this, but it’s the truth. I miss her very much and I want to know what’s in it for me. What’s in it for me for having left her?” 
Basha just shrugged helplessly and Oaka went to bed. Monika had been confused about the fight and was deeply worried, because she had partially caused the fight. To calm herself, she thought of the warm desert winds and the shifting sand that had lain there for centuries. She took a deep breath and looked around, partly surprised to see the cold forest all around her. 
Anyway, Fato, who had been in the tree all this time, shook his head at Oaka and yelled, “You’re just afraid!” 
Yet Oaka didn’t hear Fato’s taunt and Fato just grumbled as he went to sleep. Monika stretched upon the ground and Basha just sat there looking at Monika. He was starting to wonder whether or not allowing Monika to join them was such a good idea.
 
Chapter 3: Coe Eela
The next morning, everyone got up bright and early and started to pack for their 16th day on the road. Monika led Basha to the camp she had made the afternoon before and he helped her pack her stuff. Basha nodded and pointed at the bow and arrows she had. 
He asked, “Are you as good with your bow as you are with your fists?” 
Monika nodded and replied, “Don’t be fooled by the fact that I’m a girl. I can aim as good as any man and I was taught hand-to-hand combat. 
“My father taught me all of this, for in his heart he had wanted a warrior boy and even though I was a girl, he still wanted a warrior. Pepa, on the other hand, taught me how to heal, tell stories, and about the inside of all humankind. By the way, I’m very sorry about causing last night’s fight. Will you still let me join?” 
Basha nodded as he put the weapons into Monika’s packsaddle, which she owned along with a chestnut Friesian. He didn’t know what she meant by the ‘inside’, but he thought it might be spiritual.  
He checked the bottom of the chestnut horse and queried, “He looks as gentle as a lamb. What’s his name?” 
Monika looked at her horse and answered, “I like to call him Deja, although he doesn’t answer to that or any other name. I like him, because he’s like a little brother to me.” 
Basha nodded and then inquired, “One last thing I want to know. You came from the Windbow tribe, right? It sounds like an odd name, where did it come from?” 
Monika loaded up the rest of her supplies as she responded, “The name came from hundreds of years ago, when the Zariens were just one nation, but eventually fights among my people led to the formation of different tribes. Sidabo, the first Win or chief of my tribe, always carried around his bow and arrows and that was the Windbow.
“Dahemor was another Win who always clutched a large hammer, like a smith’s hammer, and that led to the Red Hammer tribe. Win Palowk kept a hawk named Shadow and this was the Shadow Hawk tribe. Win Mijord had a small lizard that supposedly could fly and this was the Flying Lizard tribe. Win Wanter spent many years wandering the desert, hunting whatever he could find, which led to the Wandering Hunter tribe. Those are the five tribes and as you can see, some of their names are a lot stranger than Windbow.” 
Basha chuckled and nodded as he led her Deja to his camp. There, he sighed when he saw Oaka waiting for him. 
Oaka came up to him and said, “Last night, I asked you what is in it for me? Now, I shall ask you that for the last time. What is in it for me?” 
Basha looked at him and said, “What is in it for you? There is great glory in this noble quest, and bards will be singing your name! Sisila will look at you with pride and others will look at you in this same way! Also, after I have shown Tau’s Cup to Jawen it will be useless for me to keep and you can use it for whatever purpose you wish! Don’t forget the most important fact and that is adventure! I need you, Oaka. That is what is in it for you!” 
Oaka stared at Basha and then started to guffaw. He shouted, “Okay! Okay, I’ll stay! You didn’t have to tell me all of that! Now let’s go!” Basha laughed and the group mounted their horses and set off.
The days drifted onward as the horses raced across Mila Forest towards the outskirts. It seemed that Gorban, the huntress, blessed Monika, for Monika had a special gift of hunting. Oaka started to tease her about being a girl, until he saw her shoot a bird right in the neck with her bow. 
She turned to him and calmly informed him, “Imagine that this bird is you, if you keep up your taunts.” 
Oaka turned pale and didn’t talk to Monika all day long, except the times when he whimpered. Fato kept laughing about this incident for a couple of days! 
A nice little plus about having Monika around is that Fato started to take a liking to her. He loved it when she stroked his neck and head and Basha swore that he once heard Fato purring. The bird could often be found on Monika’s shoulder every day and he often forgot to taunt Oaka, which suited the boys just fine. 
The only thing that was unusual about Monika was that late one night, Basha woke up to a strange sight. As the moon shone high above and the wolves cried out in the night, Monika would sit, staring deeply at the dying fire. 
Basha watched as she muttered something and he saw with horror that her eyes had changed in some way. It was hard to explain; perhaps there were many colors in her eyes or it was pure white, but it was different in some fashion. 
The fire roared and strange shadows danced in the hot and perfumed air. Basha suddenly felt weary and fell into a deep sleep. He woke up with a blurred memory of the event he decided to forget it.  He wondered if this was a part of Monika’s culture, but he had no idea what it was about. 
The next day, Monika told everyone that she had a strange dream about a small white bear and a big black bear. She saw Tau’s Cup slide past them and the black bear sent the white bear to catch it and gave the white bear his fleas. 
All of a sudden, the white bear and the fleas attacked the black bear. They thought about this dream, wondering what it could mean, but they soon gave up and forgot about the dream. 
Later, Monika noticed Fato’s disappearances and she asked, “Where do you suppose he goes?” 
Basha shrugged and said, “We don’t know, but why should we care?” 
Oaka told her, “Yeah. Besides, we should probably respect his privacy, although he never really respects my privacy. In fact, sometimes I think he laughs when I change clothes.” 
Monika nodded and replied, “Yes, it is probably nothing important.” Yet the silence afterwards was queer and questioning. 
Suddenly without warning, on the 22nd day of their quest, it started to rain really hard. Mila brought forth storms by speaking with the sound of thunder and crying sweet tears of rain. Gorban was probably angry at Mila for scaring of all of the animals that she wanted to hunt. Gorban shot arrows of lighting and vented her anger on tall trees. 
Sadly, many humans on the ground had to deal with the rain and our friends were no exception.  The group most of the time walked under the tall trees and overlapping branches, which meant less water found its way towards the ground, but the group was fearful of the lighting flashing high overhead. 
Then again, they hated racing across the open fields as it rained really hard, so they probably liked the trees more than the fields. Fato’s shadow high overhead sometimes couldn’t be seen in the heavier rains, but just about everyone could hear his lamenting. Monika tried to dream of the desert, but it always it ended with the image of a flooded desert.
Oaka smiled and said, “Everyone, everyone, I see something that starts with a W--” 
Suddenly, three voices simultaneously said, “Water?” 
 “How did all of you ever guess that?” 
Oaka’s answer was a torrent of mud thrown into his face and Fato’s snickering laughter. Luckily, it soon stopped raining after three days and one morning, Oaka looked up and asked, “Basha, did you hear any wolves last night?” 
Basha thought briefly and answered, “No, I didn’t hear anything. You don’t think we’ve lost them?” 
Monika sighed and lamented, “Oh, I wanted to try my bow on one of them!” 
Still, these events greatly refined the group’s morale and they started to slow down a bit. Soon, they were riding at a trot and the group started to talk about each other. 
Fato would talk about how important his job as the king’s messenger was, while Oaka secretly giggled. Basha and Oaka talked about their village and their childhood and Monika told them about her life as a wanderer and how to survive in the dessert.
They were so happy and enjoyed this peaceful time. Basha would always look back at these more joyful days when things appeared bleak.

At last, on the 28th day of the quest, or the first day of the month of Apro, Fato had flown ahead of the group and rushed back to report that the group would reach Coe Eela before sunset. Fato was true to his word and the group did reach the small coe during the late afternoon. 
The group stopped at the outskirts of the coe, because a locked door and a high wall protected the coe. They looked up and saw a large flag waving, which had a field of white and a black bear in the middle. Only Monika noticed the bear on the flag, but she thought it was a coincidence that it looked like the bear in her dream. 
Anyway, Basha opened his bag, dug past the handkerchief, and stared at the field of blue on the flag he carried, given to him by the Old Man. A line of red stretched across it and in the middle he saw a golden cup, Tau’s Cup. 
He raised the flag above his head and the door soon slowly creaked open. Basha folded the flag neatly and put it back into the bag ad they headed inside and saw the town of Coe Eela. 
It wasn’t a real town: there was only the large castle, stables, kitchens, living quarters and such. Dirty children raced by, perhaps the children of the servants, as smoke rose from the smoke hole in the roof of a small building that was probably the kitchen. 
An old beggar man held out a bowl to a platoon of guards and one of the guards silently knocked the bowl out of the man’s hands. The smell of dung and rotten food filled the air and intensified as you neared the stables. 
As they stood there, the gates closed behind them and Monika shivered, as she got the feeling that this was a cage. They continued to look around the area, waiting for someone to greet them, yet none in the group saw the watching eyes.
Gnat crouched behind a barrel full of pickles, looking about the courtyard inside Coe Eela. For the past few days, several noblemen had arrived at the castle for the feasts that were held to celebrate Lord Fobata’s 45th birthday, yet Gnat had mainly ignored this activity as he waited for the 1st day of Apro. 
All day long he had hid in this small spot, behind the barrel, waiting for anyone to come. No one had come at all, until this group of people walked through the gates. 
Even now he was studying them, still unsure of whether or not these were the people his lord had been expecting. Yet they were the only ones that had arrived and there probably was no one else coming. 
He quickly got up and raced across the yard, so that he could be the first person to greet them. The members of the group looked up as Gnat raced across the yard, and he stopped and bowed before them. 
He straightened and said, “Welcome to Coe Eela, my friends. I hope you enjoy your stay here! My name is Gnat and I will show you around, so please, wait here while I go tell my lord that guests have arrived.” 
One of the men in the group, a young man just around 16 with brown hair, nodded and said, “Thank you, Gnat, for helping us. We are quite tired, and we would be happy to stay for a few days, although we must continue on our quest. Don’t worry, we’ll be here when you return.” 
Gnat bowed again and raced off, his heart sinking. Even as he had stood in front of them, he had wanted to yell at them, to warn them to leave immediately. 
They had seemed so nice, especially that man, whoever he was. Gnat sighed and told himself that whatever happened, he would find a way to get them out of here alive.
Soon, the little boy Gnat reappeared from nowhere and told the hungry group, “My master was planning a feast for today, to celebrate his 45th birthday a few days ago and he won’t mind a few more people. Come, there are some empty chambers in the castle. Let it be known that my Lord Fobata is a gracious host!” 
The last sentence he said very loudly and for a moment, Oaka thought he could detect a hint of sarcasm, but the moment was gone and Gnat led them in. 
The castle was cold and drafty and Basha noticed that a man walked by wearing a fur coat. Water leaked from the ceiling, yet the colorful tapestries still had a few threads as new as the day they were sewn. 
Oaka stopped for a moment in front of a tapestry of a knight piercing his sword into his enemy’s chest and Oaka felt disgusted by the amount of blood shown. Fato meanwhile growled at a painting of a hawker with his hawk wearing a black hood over his face.
Monika frowned at another tapestry of a woman in a dress, sewing. As the boy led them to their chambers, he became less timid and started to chatter incessantly about the grand feast. 
Gnat’s diminutive voice squeaked out, “I heard from one kitchen boy that he had to turn two pigs over a roaring fire and that we’re going to have pineapple pie! You probably have never heard of such a thing, but my lord is a bit eccentric. Just don’t tell him that. 
“Anyway, there will be a show along with this dinner and because of the show, some acrobats arrived yesterday, along with a few musicians. Yesterday, I met a boy who is going to perform today and he’s trained dogs to walk around wearing skirts! Oh, oh! I almost forgot to tell you about the snake charmer…” 
At long last, they arrived at the chambers and Gnat stopped to say, “I have found some clean clothes for you and another servant will fetch you for the feast. I can’t go, because of my chores, but tell me all about it tomorrow! Good-night!” 
Another boy came later after they had unpacked and silently led the group to the main hall, where they looked about in awe. 
A large group of people had gathered and Basha could easily see the large entertainers wearing stilt-pants. Fato gave a sharp protest at a clown passing by that had playfully taken one of Fato’s feathers. 
Suddenly, Basha heard something that sounded like thunder, but Monika later told him that was just the sounding of a gong, which could be found in Angora, far to the east of the Za Desert. 
The whole crowd, along with the group, rushed towards the long table in the middle of the hall to get some good seats. They all rose when the lord appeared and seated when he sat at the end of the table. 
Fobata was a large man and had obviously had a good life with lots of food. He was covered in silken robes and jewels, showing his great wealth. He clapped his hands and the servants started to bring out the feast. 
Basha stared at the strange delicacies, which included roasted pig, strange fruits from the famous rainforests of Kiwata, squid from the southern Black Sea and chincock berries that could be picked from the cacti of the Za Dessert. There were cakes, pies, and a dozen plates of strange meats that no one named. Basha ate what he thought edible, but he sometimes found himself struggling about whether to spit out some awful stuff or just swallow it down. 
At last, the feast was done and Lord Fobata got up to make several toasts to some special guests. The group was a bit surprised when the lord said, “A toast to our newest guests, who a servant boy tells me are on a quest. May they find good food and rest here, and may Tau look down upon them during your travels!” 
Everyone raised their glasses and cheered as Basha felt like blushing. Soon, Basha and the group got up and wearily walked behind another servant back to their rooms. Basha fell asleep that night, dreaming of squid eyes looking at him and of dancing pigs.
The next morning, Basha and his friends got up bright and early. After a light breakfast, the group went their separate ways. Fato left Monika’s shoulder and was last seen flying high in the sky, perhaps to disappear again. 
Oaka went to joke with some guards while Monika headed to the castle’s armory to look at some crossbows and show off her skills to the stableboys. 
Meanwhile, Gnat headed towards Basha in the Great Hall and asked, "Do you wish to tour the castle, sir?” 
 “Sure, Gnat, but my name is Basha.” 
Gnat smiled as he said, “I’ll be waiting by your door…Basha.” 
Basha found Gnat a few minutes later at the exact place and followed Gnat as he showed him the castle. He showed him the courtyard, the stables, the kitchen, the smithy, the jousting yard and more. Gnat also showed Basha several rooms dedicated to important gods, especially Bidana, Gorban, Qii and Himalen.
As Basha followed Gnat, he asked the boy, “This is great and all, but I’m curious about something…have you ever played, like real children do?” 
Gnat thought for a minute and shook his head. Basha then took him to the courtyard, where they played several childhood games that Basha hadn’t done since he was a young boy like Gnat. They fell upon their backs and guessed what the clouds looked like high above. 
Gnat giggled and sighed as he said, "Wow. I won’t ever forget this day, Basha. Never, ever.” They both sighed and looked at the sun as it started to dip down into the horizon, continuing the cycle of day and night. 
The moon came soon, and the stars spread into the darkest corners of the sky. In the dark corridors, torches were set upon their niches and the servants walked from shadow to shadow as they began their nightly duties of cleaning up the castle. They ignored the man that walked past, more out of fear than respect. 
Once, the man paused and started to curse a butler when he saw that the servant had missed a spot, but he just as quickly turned about and started to walk away, still muttering to himself. 
The servants nervously watched him come closer and it seemed as if the fire of the torches dimmed as he passed by. Finally, the man gave one last curse before he threw open a door. 
Fobata almost screamed at the suddenness of this entrance, but when he saw who it was, he simply closed his book and tried to appear calm. 
The lord messed with his collar and slowly got up, almost lethargically, with cool eyes. Yet his outward appearance did not seem to cause the other man to falter; it actually made him angrier. 
The man was younger than Fobata by just 5 years, yet he still was in perfect condition, despite the fact that he was 40 years old. He had cold, dark eyes and his black hair was tied into a bun. Scars crossed his face, and it always seemed that his mouth was set into a permanent frown. 
The man turned to Fobata and muttered, “My lord, what is the meaning of all of this? One of my lieutenants came to me saying that you had given him papers to arrest certain ‘guests’, yet from what I know, they’re mere children! What reason have you for this?” 
Fobata lazily grabbed a razor nearby and started to trim his nails as he said, “Now, my captain, why should I give you any reason? I am thou lord, so thusly you have no right to demand such a thing from me.” 
The captain laughed and said, “No right? No right? I have as much right to ask this from you as from anyone, and you know that as well as I do! Stop playing this game, or I’ll cut you!” 
Fobata looked up and shook his head as he said, “Goga, Goga, calm yourself and I’ll explain. Our old friend came to me not too long ago, with some news from the Great Lord. He said to expect some visitors on the 1st of Apro, people that we must be wary of, for they bring great trouble to us. I waited and the only ones to come were that small group--two young men, a young woman, and a bird. I had no choice, so thus I am merely acting upon my orders.” 
Goga growled. “Still, it doesn’t seem right somehow. How can we trust our old friend? If the plan is ever fulfilled, then by all 'rights' he will be first in line as an heir, for he is from the eldest line of Lord Ovla. I hate such things as blood. I always end up at the bottom of it, somehow. You, Lord Fobata, why must you be so lucky?” 
Fobata frowned and waved his razor about as he said, “Don’t say such things! It’s not my fault. I had no say in the matter! Just be lucky you’ve stayed on this long, what with your insolence!” 
Goga sneered and snatched the razor away, and then stomped away, still holding onto the razor tightly. Fobata sat there, and groaned with relief when the door slammed shut behind Captain Goga, leader of the guards.

Dawn came and Gnat yawned as he got up from his small pallet on the floor. It had been a wonderful day yesterday, playing with Basha, and now he was convinced of what he had to do. 
He quickly washed his face and got dressed, then left his small room to eat some of the scraps in the kitchen. He then raced up the basement stairs to the first floor. 
He ran down several corridors, getting closer to Basha’s room. He turned a corner in the hallway and stopped as he saw something. 
He hid himself and peeked down the hallway at a guard coming. The guard stopped in front of the door and brought out a key, slipping it into the keyhole as he locked the door. 
The guard headed back the way he had come and Gnat came out, looking at the door, wondering what to do. Meanwhile, inside the room, Basha got out of bed, dressed, and headed to the door of the two-bedroom chamber that he shared with Oaka. 
Basha turned the knob and thought that it was a mistake when he couldn’t turn it. He tugged at it and realized it was true. The door was locked! 
Basha pounded on the door so loudly that Oaka came, rubbing his sleepy eyes, and yawning. “What’s the idea, Basha? Can’t a pal get an extra minute of sleep?” 
 Basha turned back and wailed, “I’m sorry, but it’s locked!” 
Oaka smiled, shaking his head as he exclaimed, “It can’t be, you baboon! It’s probably stuck! Here, give me some room so I may have a turn with this stubborn door!” 
Basha shrugged as he walked away while Oaka grabbed the door and pulled. To his great shock and dismay, the door didn’t budge. They both started to shout and pull at the door, but the door then flew open. 
There stood little Gnat looking up at them, holding a small wire, which seemed odd. 
Basha frowned and asked, “I don’t mean to be rude, but what is the idea of locking us up?” 
Gnat looked at Basha and then turned his head to look behind him. The two companions looked up, beyond Gnat’s head as an old servant walking by paused to stare at Gnat and the others. 
Gnat loudly yelled, “I’m sorry, sirs. It was the order of my lord and master, for a snake has escaped the snake charmer and wanders the castle. So, my lord ordered that the doors were locked at night. Lord Fobata is kind and concerned about his guests!” The servant walked away and Basha looked back at Gnat. 
He shrugged. “Okay, Gnat. Whatever you say, but give us a warning about it next time. There’s no need to yell.” 
Gnat quickly looked around the hallway, then leaned forward and whispered, “I’m sorry, but I made that up. A guard locked the door. I had to use this wire to pick the lock! Please, I know this is strange, but I’ll try to explain later. After breakfast, go to the courtyard and I’ll be waiting to lead you both to a more secret place. Trust no one here, except me!” 
Gnat bowed and quickly ran off towards the servant quarters, leaving a dumbfounded and confused Basha and Oaka. 
Later at the breakfast feast, Monika and Fato learned from the rest of their companions about what happened earlier that morning. Basha whispered, “What do you think?” 
Monika nodded and said, “I think this boy really wants to help us.” 
Basha nodded and turned to Oaka. He asked, “I think we should trust Gnat. Do you want to come with me or not?” 
Oaka nodded and the group silently finished breakfast, sometimes looking up towards the head of the table where Lord Fobata sat. Fobata sat there with lazy eyes, but they feared that at any minute he could get up and order their execution. 
After they finished, they each bade the others farewell and Basha and Oaka headed out into the courtyard, while the others went off to do their own stuff. Monika watched Basha leave and she was worried, but she told herself that he could take care of himself. 
To be sure, she reminded herself that a crossbow wouldn’t be missed from the armory and she knew she could handle it. Meanwhile, Basha and Oaka went out into the courtyard, and found Gnat at the agreed meeting place. 
Gnat nodded at them as he said, “Good, you’re here. Now, please follow me.” 
He headed off across the courtyard, past the zoo of rare animals, a beautiful fountain and toward the Western Wall. The area around the Western Wall was mainly deserted, for the gardens there were overgrown with weeds and the fountain was quite dry. 
Gnat swept his hand about. “No one comes this way at all. Most still think that it’s haunted. I first came over here a few years ago, out of curiosity, and I found something.” 
He went right up to the wall, which had been claimed by many creepers, and pushed several vines aside. Basha and Oaka stared in shock at a small crevice in the wall, the width and height of an average man. 
Gnat nodded and said, “I believe it was created during a siege, in which the enemy got in through this hole. They never knew how the enemy got in and just assumed that some wizard or witch flew them over the wall and into the castle, which is absurd. Of course, it was in the old days, when most people believed all of that superstitious stuff.” 
Gnat laughed and led them through the hole into the large forest. Gnat looked around before setting off towards a small waterfall nearby. There, he walked into the water, which went up to his shins, and through the waterfall. Basha and Oaka followed and stood amazed at the largest cavern they had ever seen. 
Gnat smiled at them. “I was quite surprised myself when I saw this cavern for the first time. You could hardly imagine it was this tall outside.” 
He went off into the darkness and came back with some items. Basha and Oaka looked down with curiosity at an old wooden bowl, a rusty sword that still had some bloodstains, and a skull! 
“I have a small theory that this stuff belonged to an enemy soldier, maybe one of those that laid siege all those years before to Castle Eela.” Gnat grimaced at the skull. “He’s apparently the only person besides us who knows about this cave and he certainly won’t talk. Anyway, I wanted to show you all this, because I think you’re my friends.” He looked up at Basha and Oaka, a sad, lonely boy.
Basha smiled and said, “Thanks a lot, Gnat. It’s an interesting place. Now, what did you want to tell us?”
Gnat nodded and whispered, “You see, many servants like myself often go unnoticed. Sometimes, we hear things.
“Several weeks ago, a stranger came here, an old man, and he was taken into a study with Fobata. I accidentally hid in the room and overheard their conversation. 
“I couldn’t see the old man well, but he was warning Fobata to beware of any visitors that came on Apro 1st and the only ones that came were you guys. I don’t know why, but from what Fobata said, it would have meant something bad happening to him. 
“You probably would think that I wouldn’t do anything to help or harm the situation, but well…they mentioned Doomba a number of times. Apparently Lord Fobata is a Follower of Doomba.
“Anyway, there wasn’t much more than this, at least as far as I could tell. It must be why the guard locked you all in your rooms. I know it all doesn’t make any sense, but it’s all I know.” 
Basha shivered, mystified. What did it all mean? Who was this old man that knew when they would come and was connected to Doomba? How could they be considered a threat to any of them? 
Oaka whispered, “How can we ever thank you for going through all this trouble?” 
Gnat smiled and said, “There’s no need. I don’t care if Fobata is doomed and besides, no one will ever suspect me of anything. Anyway, we should head back soon for lunch.” As he finished, little Gnat blew out the candles and led his new friends back to the castle.

That night, a little after midnight and therefore the start of the 31st day or the 4th day of Apro, the wind was blowing hard. It sounded like the cries of a million souls and the guards were a bit restless. 
They could just imagine a shadow, moving across the empty halls of the Castle Eela. They could barely imagine a hand sticking out of a dark cloak, carrying a key towards an unmarked door. 
One man swore he heard the click of a lock and a creak as the door opened. But when they were thinking about a knife coming out of the dark cloak to strike a sleeping guest, what was really happening was that the unknown ‘shadow’ cried out when he discovered a empty bed! 
Soon, the cry was echoed throughout Castle Eela as everyone, including Lord Fobata, discovered that 3 guests and a bird had somehow managed to escape from the castle! 
Many servants and guards searched throughout the castle to look for an escape route, but no one discovered the hidden hole in the wall or the cave behind the falls. So some people started to pass around rumors about one of the guests, the only girl among them, who was a bit of a warrior, and therefore ‘unnatural’ and what was more ‘unnatural’ than if she was a witch? 
Several stableboys that had seen her with a crossbow agreed and even said that she had made the arrow fly true with her magic. So, Lord Fobata said that this rumor must be true (because he was a superstitious man) and everyone believed it. 
Little Gnat secretly laughed, because wasn’t this sort of like the siege that had occurred many years ago and was thought to have been done by a wizard? For many years afterwards, people thought that there was a curse upon Castle Eela, but only a few knew the real truth.
Three people and a falcon were huddled together in the cold cave. Monika was trying to calm the shivering Fato by telling him old tales from long ago. She whispered, 
‘Once, legends were truth and magic belonged to everyone. The gods walked among the humans and they secretly acted like humans.
Once, when Za was still living, all of his children, roughly 50 in all, knew the secrets of magic. They knew many tricks and could perform wondrous miracles, but the gods were not happy with this. 
Tau turned to them all and proclaimed, “The humans cannot have all of these powers. They are unstable at best and may one day believe themselves to be more supreme than anything else! From now on, we must take their powers away before they can do any damage.” 
Thus, the magical powers of the first humans were taken away, but after a while, they were able to be well off even without the powers. Some time went by, soon after Jano and Febre left Salarria to be the first settlers of Corrica, when trouble came. A disease swept through the descendants of Za and despite all of their herb knowledge, they could find no cure for it. 
The gods high above looked down upon them and Quela angrily turned to her husband and cried, “Tau, please, you must do something for them! For the ill mothers lying in bed with children crying, or perhaps for the ill children as their mothers cry! Give them back their magic, let them heal themselves!” 
Tau sighed and gave back the magic, with the humans soon using it to cure the ill ones. However, as this happened, Tau called a meeting of the gods to discuss the problems of magic. Arguments stirred about what to do when suddenly from the shadows, a goddess named Sitha stepped out. 
Most of them shivered, for she was the goddess of mysteries of the world and beyond, yet Tau chuckled and bellowed, “Sitha! Sitha, would you care to take on this task of magic?” 
Sitha nodded and replied, in a soft voice, “Yes, sire, for magic…I have always had a fondness for it, you understand, and I know most humans very well. I can choose those, down below, that are most suited to practice this craft with good sense, compassion, and other fine, subtle qualities. Yet, I still cannot guarantee that every one I choose will perform this power with good intentions…but that will, of course, be very rare.” 
So, Tau granted her this task and this is how some humans have magic, while others do not. The End.’”
Yet Fato kept mumbling and grumbling about how cold it was and how he missed his wooden perch near the fire at Eela. Yet earlier that day when he heard about what Gnat told Oaka and Basha, he had wanted to leave as soon as possible. 
Monika was secretly shaking, but she touched her new crossbow and it reassured her. Oaka was praying to all of the Cloud-Rulers, because there was no god or goddess for fugitives. 
Meanwhile, Basha looked out the curtain of falling water as he reached down and touched his mother’s locket, which was still under his shirt. He guessed that it was now around two in the morning and he turned to the others and patted Talan’s nose. The other horses, Joko who belonged to Oaka and Deja who belonged to Monika, stood nearby. 
When Oaka had gone to the stables, he told the others that he was surprised to see that the horses were already saddled and the packs were filled with food. Basha was glad to find that the flag and handkerchief were in there, safe and sound. 
Basha smiled at the thought of little Gnat sneaking into the stables. He sighed and hoped that he would some day see little Gnat again. 
He turned to the others and told them, “Lead the horses out. I think it’s probably clear now.” 
They quietly led the horses outside and they anxiously looked up at the walls of the castle nearby, but nobody was looking down or towards them. In fact, every guard was on horse, searching for them. 
Basha nodded and got on Talan, with everyone following his lead. Then, Basha set off in a gallop, with the horses Joko and Deja not so far behind. 
They rode onward towards the southwest and came though the trees and out into a clearing as dawn started to break. There, Fato saw a rock and the group nestled at the base of it, hoping it would shelter them for the day as they slept.

Fobata was quite angry with himself and with the unknown person that had obviously helped the friends get away. 
Around early morning, he secretly started to pick out random servants and had them tortured in the hopes that they were the ones that had helped the friends. 
No one thought about the little boy known as Gnat, because he was too young to understand these things and all of them thought he was loyal to Fobata for having rescued and raised him. 
Fobata advised the guards to stop looking around the perimeter of the Castle Eela for the group and told them to spread out their search in all directions. During that morning, he wandered out to the guards’ barracks and went down the long rows of cots, before he stopped at the last cot. 
Captain Goga finished putting on his boots and looked up as he said, “What do you want, Fobata?” 
Fobata nodded and said, “It’s about those kids that got away from me, Goga. I have to bring them back here, now, but I can’t go out there! Things are bad enough here, what with all of the peasants, plus all of the complaints I’ve heard inside my own castle. So my dear, sweet Captain Goga...” 
Goga growled and said, “No, I won’t do it! Those idiot kids have nothing to do with us, I’m telling you, so just let them go! Besides, it’s a waste of effort. We don’t even know where they’re headed!” 
Fobata shook his head and said, “Goga, why must you be so difficult? Those children don’t have a lot of places to go to, and they probably don’t have much food, since they didn’t have any chance to replenish their supplies. Anyway, one of the most likely places for them to go to would probably be Coe Wina, so I suggest that as your first stop.” 
Goga shook his head and said, “Fobata, my lord, even if I were to do this, I would need plenty of ‘inspiration’ to allow me to travel with all of my personal men.” Fobata muttered to himself and threw down a small bag onto the cot’s straw mattress. 
Goga sorted through the coins as Fobata said, “There should be about 200 gold coins in there, enough for any army of any size. When the job’s done, come back here immediately and you’ll get another 100 gold coins, as well as a small country manor.” 
Goga looked up and sneered as he said, “A small country manor? I suppose that will do, for now, but I expect more next time.” 
Fobata frowned and quickly turned about, as Goga got up and started ordering his men. By the late afternoon, the soldiers along with Captain Goga left Coe Eela, heading to the southwest in the hopes of catching up with the others. 
Meanwhile, after Fobata saw them leave, he decided to send a message to his Dark Lord. He told his bodyguards not to let anyone follow him as the lord huffed and puffed climbing the tall stairs. 
He climbed to the topmost tower in his castle and there, on a wooden perch, sat a bird. His messenger was a dark bird, larger than any ordinary bird and as large as any man was. The bird looked like a vulture, but he was known as a gruelmoff. Many years ago, they were peaceful birds until Doomba’s soldiers tamed them and made them dark and evil to deliver messages. 
Fobata shivered as he walked towards the bird, but he came close to it and whispered in the bird’s ears, “My lord, your servant Fobata is sad to say that the travelers have gotten away. Send your dark hounds, my lord, after them.” 
The gruelmoff let out a moan as he flapped his wings and set off through the open window into the bright sunlight, to fly all the way to Doomba’s castle.
Meanwhile, many, many miles away, Sisila was crying. Jawen raced into the kitchen of Sisila’s cabin and sighed. Sisila was holding the broken cornhusk doll in her arms and crying. Jawen’s voice was strained as she asked, “Oh, Sisila, what happened?” 
Sisila cried and moaned as she said, “I came in this morning and found Oaka like this! A crow must have flown into the window and was so hungry that he ate most of my Oaka! Oh, he’s dead! He’s dead, he’s dead, he’s…dead!” Sisila started moaning and groaning and wailing. Jawen grabbed hold of Sisila and shook her hard. Sisila sniffed and snuffed and rubbed her eyes. 
Jawen whispered, “Yes, I’m afraid that’s the cold truth, Sisila. Now throw away that silly doll and wake up to reality.” 
 “Yes, yes, it’s a silly…Oaka. Got to throw it away, got to throw it away…” Jawen nodded as Sisila threw it out and then she raced over when Sisila fainted. 
 Jawen looked down at Sisila and grimly muttered, “I hate Iida and what she does to poor, silly girls.” 
Jawen dragged her into the bedroom and tucked in the sobbing, cringing body that was Sisila. She sang a lullaby to Sisila until she calmed down. Jawen reminded herself to check on Sisila later on and tried to tell herself that this was best for Sisila, that she must come to her senses that Oaka was gone. Jawen sighed as she slammed her door shut.

Monika felt weary and tired, but she wanted to keep going. She liked Basha, Oaka, and even the falcon Fato. Many times in the past, she had been a part of a group as a scout and hunter, but she had never been in a group like this, a group that seemed so wonderful, so exciting. She didn’t know this feeling she felt for the others, but she supposed it was friendship. It had been such a long time since she had known such feelings, so long since that troubled time.
Meanwhile, Oaka was scared and nervous, but he wanted to keep going. He had made a promise to himself to stay with Basha, no matter what happened, many years ago as a young boy. 
Basha once had a mother and maybe a father, but the mother died after giving birth, without revealing the name of the father. This had happened at Geda’s inn on a winter night and because of this, they took in the babe a week after Oaka’s birth. 
The two young boys became almost like brothers and Oaka felt sorry for him, so he had promised to take care of Basha. Yet even now, he could feel the strains that their relationship was going through. After all that had happened, he didn’t know what to do. Oaka looked at the sleeping Basha by his side and then turned his eyes toward the stars. 
He whispered, “Oh, Basha. Sometimes I wonder if things will always be the same between us.” Suddenly, Oaka heard a familiar sound and he slowly sat up and looked at some bushes nearby as he heard the growls. 
The wolves were back again.
 
Chapter 4: Old Smoky and Coe Wina
When the group awoke in the afternoon, Oaka told them about the wolves he had heard. Basha calmed Fato down and Monika said, “I remember you talked about them, but what did they look like?” 
Oaka shouted, “They were large wolves, larger than any average wolf I have ever seen! They were as black as death and their eyes were like the fires of Mt. Doomba! I tell you, they are from the other world!” 
Basha laughed and said, “You like to exaggerate, don’t you Oaka? No, Monika, they were mortal wolves. Talan kicked one hard and the wolf did bleed red blood like any other wolf.” 
Monika smiled, grabbed her new crossbow, and said, “Good. I would have been very scared if those wolves were real spirits. Now they will be real spirits!” 
The group started to pack and talked about the wolves. Basha kept saying that there must be a way to avoid wolves. Oaka was yelling out that the blood was actually the blood of people they had devoured. Monika talked about what they could make from a wolf’s skin and Fato just hummed to himself and tried to ignore everything the others said about wolves. 
At last, the group started to set out as the sky turned purple on the dusk of the 31st day. They all rode hard throughout the night and they didn’t stop to sleep, but instead they fell asleep in the saddles. 
Basha sometimes woke up in time to stop himself from falling off the horse and the group often was quite startled when they heard the howls of wolves. Sometime that night, Basha, who was in the lead, stopped when he saw something strange. 
Many rocks were grouped together in a group, most standing, but some lying down. One rock had the face of a man etched on it. A strange feeling filled Basha. Oaka and Fato rode in on Joko, but Joko neighed nervously and paused. 
Oaka looked around and whispered, “What is this dark place?” 
Monika shivered and said, “Back in the days before the Knights of Arria brought to Arria the knowledge of the Cloud Rulers, the primitive people of Arria believed in heathen gods. It is said that most of these gods were shown in an idol form and unclothed. Some whisper that in their places of worship, they killed in the name of these gods.” 
Thunder roared from nowhere, but there was no sign of rain. Joko and Talan shook and shivered and nervously backed away from the ancient clearing. 
Basha whispered, “Thank Tau that these heathens are long gone from this land.” Suddenly, there came from the darkness a strange, wail-like sound and the horses quickly turned tail and raced away for their very souls!  
Soon, they crossed the bounder of the territory Mila Forest into the territory of Popo Hills by the end of the 32nd day and 5th of Apro. Basha dug through the bag, past the bundle with flag and pulled out the map. It was a bit worn, but Basha had no trouble to read it. 
He checked and nodded. “Okay, we went off course from Dobila and only rested at Eela for a few days instead of a week. I’m afraid to say that Gnat didn’t give us enough food to even make it halfway to Kiki, if we take the shortcut straight south by Lake Tri. I have also heard that there isn’t a lot of game in the hills, meaning we could perhaps starve. I have checked and I believe we could take a longer route and make it to Coe Wina, but I’m not sure.” 
Monika asked, “Why not, Basha? Is there a hill in the way?” 
Basha shook his head and said, “Actually, there’s a mountain in the way. It’s the tallest mountain on this side of the Tau Mountain Range. It is known as ‘Old Smoky’ and I’m afraid the shortest passage is to go over it. 
“Luckily, this is the height of Reda, which is the warmest season, unless you don’t count Suma. Hopefully, there won’t be any bad weather. Also, I don’t think anybody would want to track us through the mountain. Any questions?” The group shook their heads and agreed with Basha that they would try his plan. 
Goga and his troop arrived at the same spot where Basha had stopped to suggest that they climb the mountain a day later. Basha and the group were long gone, but the best trackers that Lord Fobata could get were hot on the trail. Goga stood proudly, looking towards the hills in the south. 
Behind him, a flag bearer held a large flag, but it wasn’t the one that flew above Coe Eela with the black bear. This flag had a field of black with a small white bear in the middle, showing that Goga was a servant of Lord Fobata, but was a nobleman in his own right. 
Goga silently bowed his head and prayed to Gorban that he, the hunter, could find his prey, or our friends. 
Suddenly, one of the trackers came up to Goga and told him, “Sir, we believe from the tracks we have found that they are heading westward and possibly towards the base of ‘Old Smoky’. What do you advise, sir?” 
Goga laughed and shouted, “What do you think we’re going to do? We are still going to go after those people! No matter where they go or what may come, I will keep looking! Now, let’s move out of here!” The soldiers cheered, and Goga turned about to hide his disgust at them. They were imbeciles, all of them, to listen and believe all that nonsense! 
Still, such ‘loyal’ soldiers were always handy…he was thinking about this when a young scribe named Hava came up to him and said, “But, sir! The land beyond Old Smoky belong to Lord Lagotaq, I even have an agreement that was signed by Lagotaq and Lord Fobata. As you can plainly see, Fobata agreed not to go on Lagotaq’s land, so this is a grave violation! I suggest we head back…” But the young clerk stopped when he saw how angrily Goga looked at him. 
Goga growled and bellowed, “So what about this agreement? Fobata told us to look for those children, so we’ll look for them!” 
“Well, sir…perhaps Fobata forgot about this agreement, it’s not too late to go back and make sure he knows about it. I mean, we could get into trouble with Lagotaq’s men, I would think.” 
“Look, Hava, don’t worry! We’re going, because that’s what Fobata wanted us to do! If you have a fuss, take it up with him! In fact, why don’t you give him a punch from me while you’re at it?”
“Sir, I don’t mean to be rude, but is this about your feelings towards Fobata? I mean, you’re holding quite a grudge!” Goga stared daggers at Hava, so Hava stopped talking and saluted Goga, before rushing away to play cards with the men. Goga sighed and watched his men smile and laugh. 
Goga snarled and muttered, “They don’t care about anything, those poor, stupid fools.” 
Goga, personally, didn’t think much of these people they were looking for, but Fobata for some reason said that HE told him that the group would destroy him, Fobata. Goga sometimes didn’t agree with Fobata, such as on this occasion, but Fobata was his lord, and he had to obey. 
Besides, even now he could hear those gold coins jingling inside his saddle pack…he was happy enough, for now. Yet, sometimes, sometimes, Goga wished he could just…but there was no real reason to do this. No reason yet.

Fato looked up at Old Smoky and said, “It doesn’t look that bad.” 
Basha looked at Fato and turned to stare at the tall mountain with steep slopes, trails that seemed to go straight up, and numerous cliffs that perhaps were very hard to see up there. The mountain stretched high above the clouds and seemed to touch the stars. Basha felt that even looking at the snow-capped mountain was making him cold. 
Oaka started to shiver and Fato yelled, “Ha! I told you, Oaka is a sissy! I can make it over the topmost tip of this mountain in 3 days!” 
Basha felt like punching Fato, but he said, “Luckily, I think there is a trail that goes about halfway up the mountain on the right side and then goes down.” 
Monika sighed and said, “It’s not going to be easier than going over the top? It’s only going to be shorter?” 
Basha nodded and Monika sighed and she said, “Man, it’s so cold up here! After we finish this, I’m going back to the desert and staying there! Okay, I guess it’s now or never.” They nodded and they pulled on their horses’ reins, because they didn’t seem to want to move. 
Fato yelled, “Oh, no! Do you know that horses have always been able to predict disasters?” 
Oaka laughed and said, “They are just intimidated by the mountain, I tell you! Tell me, my dear Fato, how do you feel now?” 
Fato squawked and turned his head towards the mountain, shivering. The group had a bit of trouble in finding the path, but they found it. Sadly, night was coming and Basha felt they wouldn’t be able to see it during the dark. The weather became very cold and the group huddled together as they fell asleep. 
They woke up to greet a gray dawn and Oaka tried to extinguish the fire by stomping on it, which only caused his foot to catch fire. But Monika luckily had some icy cold water that she threw all over him, almost making him freeze. 
They set off once again on the 38th day and the 11th of Apro, with the sounds of Fato’s laugh and Oaka’s groans echoing throughout the valley below. The mountain was high and their breaths were short and wheezing. Not one creature could be seen and it seemed so eerily calm. They trudged onward all day long and only stopped to fall down and sleep. The next gray dawn found them going onward. This continued for a few days, until it started to snow. 
Popo obviously didn’t favor them, for this was no ordinary snowfall. It started out as a gentle fall during the morning and the afternoon found that a blizzard had descended upon the Old Smoky Mountain.  
Swirls of white blinded them and hid the trails. Sometimes Basha wandered too close towards the edge, but loyal and smart Talan pushed him out of the way. The horse’s white coat became a part of the landscape and only his blue eyes and black nose gave him away. 
As the moon went down on the 43rd day, it found them huddled inside a cave on the side of the mountain. At that same moment, Goga discovered the path that Basha had chosen to take on the 41st day as it was very hard to find it, because it was already starting to snow. 
Yet the trackers were the very best and they did find the trail. The soldiers were very cold and the trail was so narrow that only two horses could ride side by side safely. 
Hava was sent to speak for the others and he said, “Sir, this is a futile mission, I’m sad to say. Most of the men agree with me and we are opposed to going any further. The snow is falling hard and it will certainly pile up a bit. There is a great danger up there and I urge you that you must let us go home.” 
Goga nodded and turned to the soldiers to shout, “Listen well, soldiers. I have your plea and I will answer. For the record, we will not go home, but wait! We perhaps can go around the mountain and then follow their tracks there or wait for them if they haven’t arrived. Does this plan appeal to you?” The soldiers smiled and nodded and followed Goga, praising him and his wit.
Monika was very cold and so was everyone else, but she was getting the worst of it, for being used to the desert. Fato sneezed and Oaka managed to say, “I didn’t know birds could sneeze!” 
Fato said, “Everyone knows that except you, the wonder-idiot!” They tried to start a fire, but the fire died down. 
Oaka shivered and said, “We must burn something or we freeze. I have no paper, but I think Basha might have something.” 
Basha dug around in his pack and said, “All I have to burn is the flag, the map, and Jawen’s favor. I can’t burn any of this!” 
Monika said, “I have a book and maybe some pages will do.” 
Monika took out a book, tore out most of the pages which were blank and put on the fire. She said, “This is the pages from the trail journal I’ve kept since I left my old home.” 
She threw the pages on the logs and Oaka tried to start a fire and encourage it, but it slowly died out. Basha sighed and looked again though his bag, but he found nothing else to burn. 
He looked at the map, flag, and favor. Yet Basha started to feel his strength waver and Monika looked very sleepy, which was not good. He hardly paused to think as he threw the handkerchief onto the logs and started a fire. 
The fire was only smoke at first, but suddenly it blazed. The paper that Monika had thrown on the logs crinkled and helped the fire burn. Monika’s eyes got sharper and they all huddled closer towards the fire and fell asleep safely without fear of never getting up. They woke up refreshed and ready to go on the dawn of the 44th day and the 17th of Apro. 
The snow had finally stopped falling and the mountain was a winter wonderland. They looked down and realized that they were halfway through with climbing the mountain and all that remained was literally downhill. They raced down the mountain and as they rode, Monika told them about her near-death experience. 
She said, “I saw a strange light in the cave and my spirit stood up and walked towards the light, because it felt warm. Suddenly, a voice told me to go back and I walked back and I woke up, warm because of Basha’s fire.” 
At last, as night fell on the 19th, they reached the bottom of the mountain. The sweet music of frogs at a pond greeted them and the wind rustled the reeds, which made the sounds of a wooden flute. 
Fato found a nice spot near a grove of trees and the group fell quickly into a deep sleep, which they needed after the trials of the mountain and the trials to come. 
Meanwhile, Goga was overjoyed, as he stood with his flag waving behind him in the night air. For several long days he had herded his men onward, promising that they would soon find and punish the people who had been bold enough to escape the Castle Eela. 
Night came and the men were longing to stop and sleep, but he urged them on, for they were only a mile away from the other side of the mountain. At last, around midnight, they heard some horses neighing and they saw a grove of trees ahead, which looked like a nice place to stop and rest for anyone. 
The soldiers knew that the escapees were there and they were happy to stop and rest, to wait for dawn and to surprise the group. Goga called for Hava and had him write down in the captain’s log about this event, which would surely be successful. Goga could hardly sleep, but he had to, so he would be ready for the big day.
Oaka yawned and got up on his unsteady feet. He shielded his eyes against the glare of the sun, which was steadily rising above the treetops. A squirrel chatted and chided the young boy as he raced up a tree. It was around 7 AM on this, the 47th day and 20th of Arpo. 
He scratched his belly and headed out of the grove and into the forest towards the north. He stopped behind a tree near the outline of the forest, unbuttoned his pants, and pulled them down. He gave a great sigh and started to hum a melody. 
Suddenly, he heard a sound and yelled, “Hey! I’m doing some business here!” 
A gruff voice whispered, “Oh, sorry, but Goga wanted us to gather so we could talk about our attack plan.” Oaka was shocked, realizing that this wasn’t Basha or Fato! He was scared when he also realized that the man mentioned ‘talk about our attack plan’. 
He nodded and muttered, “Uhh…ok. I’ll tell the others.” The soldier nodded and headed off and Oaka waited for a minute. When he was sure no one was around, he raced through the trees and towards the grove, whispering, “Oh, I must warn the others, oh, but I must finish my private business…” 
Fato, who was up in a tree outside the grove, was awoken by Oaka and chirped, “Hey! Watch where you show that!” Oaka looked down and quickly buttoned up his pants. 
He shouted, “No time! There are other people around here and they’re talking about an attack plan!!” Fato screeched and flew towards the clearing. His alarm woke up the others and Oaka told them everything that had occurred. 
Basha calmed the group down and said, “Everyone, listen! Coe Wina is about 12 miles away and I think if we get a head start, we could get ahead of them. Remember, we must try to leave quietly.” The group nodded and saddled the horses.
The dawn was gone and it had been about 15 minutes or so since Oaka told the others about the attack plan. Goga and his men were outside the grove, waiting for the signal. Goga pointed towards the trees and men behind him all cried out a war whoop. 
Their horses snorted as they raced across the meadow, head-on into the trees. Branches hit the men, but they brushed them aside as they raced on. The flag got stuck and started to rip, but the flag bearer saved it. 
Suddenly, the people at the front of the attack group gave a shout and stopped their horses all of a sudden, startling the horses behind them. In the chaos that transpired, several men were thrown from their horses, a few horses fell, and one man was trampled to death. 
Everyone in the back yelled, "What’s happening up there? Someone tell us, please!” 
Everyone in the front yelled, “They’re all gone! They were here last night, but they’re all gone!” 
Goga groaned and yelled, “The fire is still burning! They were here a few hours or so ago! Find them, now! They’re probably going to Coe Wana!” 
All of the angry men shouted and set off behind Goga and Goga was, surprisingly, overjoyed, as a fox is when it chases the rabbit. While Goga’s men mounted their horses, Basha could hardly think, but he had no need to think as he urged Talan onward. 
All he had to do was race across the open grassland of the hill country, with the wind and fear flying behind him. The grass in the distance swayed and danced, and if Basha could take the time, he would realize the whole world acted as if this chase had no importance at all. Fato was riding the wind and Basha thought for a split second that Fato looked beautiful, but then he turned back to the real world. 
Behind him, Oaka managed to yell, “Why are we doing this!? Those men probably won’t discover that we’re gone for quite awhile!” 
Monika shrugged as they went over a hill. She had almost no clue or opinion about the escape, because she was too busy enjoying the rushing wind that felt warm on her tan cheeks. Anyway, Oaka stopped and turned around to see the valley below in all its glory. 
Suddenly, on the horizon he spotted a spot that was growing bigger and he caught the smell of sweating horses and men on the wind. He yelped and kicked Joko into a gallop. 
He raced towards Basha and yelled, “They’re coming! I saw them, about 3 miles away and gaining!” Basha quickly figured that in 9 minutes or so, the group of men behind them will be running in this very spot he was running in now. He urged Talan on and Talan obeyed. 
Basha shouted, “Everyone! Hasten your horses onward! They are coming! Faster!” Talan, Deja, and Joko were obedient horses and they had never failed their masters, so they raced on even though they were already sweating a gallon of sweat every 2 miles. 
Suddenly, Fato screeched, “Coe Wina! On top of that hill up ahead! Only about 4 miles left to go!” They cheered and urged the horses onward, but Basha looked behind him and saw a dot starting to appear behind them.
Behind them, choking in their dust, the soldiers were riding their horses hard as Goga yelled, “Race on, my brave men! They are only a mile and a ½ ahead of us! Soon, we will take them!” They cheered and their horses raced onward, looking like devil horses from below. 
Up ahead, Monika looked behind her and screamed, “Quick! They’re only a mile behind us!” The friends raced up the hill and Fato went ahead of them. 
Basha cheered at the sight of the Castle Wina and he quickly dug out the flag from his bag. He waved it high in the sky and the gates flew open. Fato had already flown over the wall, Monika raced in on Deja, and then Oaka on Joko and finally, Basha came in on Talan. 
A group of people stared at the group and Basha yelled, “Close the gates! Soldiers are coming!” The gate was quickly closed and soldiers scaled the wall with archers at every interval. Monika looked down at her crossbow and at the men on the walls, but Basha shook his head. 
He simply told her, “There is no need.” 
Goga’s men arrived on the hill and charged towards the castle. The archers let their arrows fly and they landed on their marks. Men fell by the handfuls, yet Goga’s regiment kept marching up the hill, trying to shield themselves, yet it was fruitless. 
The imposing gates were almost unbreakable, there had been a warning, and the archers on the wall had a better chance. Basha and Oaka looked outside at the scene below and threw up, although in days to come, battle would not make them as sick as the first time. Monika just stared down below and looked away, as a haunted look appeared in her eyes of days long gone. Hardly any man reached the wall and most of them were dead, but sadly Goga and a few men had gotten away.
When Goga climbed the hill and saw Castle Wina, he knew that it was now hopeless to get the group. He tried to gather the men and tell them that this was futile, but most didn’t hear him or were too caught up in the thrill of the chase. He managed to save 35 men from his force of 105 men and led them downhill. 
One of them was the young flag bearer, but he was scared and whimpering, for that was his first battle experience. The flag wasn’t in a very good condition, but the white bear on it didn’t have a single scratch on it. 
Goga was angry with those young kids that had managed to escape his grasp, but he was patient. His anger was also aimed at Fobata, blaming him for making Goga lose all of his men. Those children weren’t threatening, even though Fobata was for some reason convinced that he had to kill them. 
For years, Fobata had been quite bothersome. Back in the old days, they had been like the best of friends when they fought their battles together. Yet, when their father Lord Joq had died…Fobata had been the oldest, of course, so he soon left the battlefields to take Eela as a lord. 
By the time Goga had come back, Fobata had changed into a different man, greedy and weak, and Goga couldn’t believe that this was his brother! He was a changed man indeed, and Goga hated this new stranger that had taken his brother’s place. 
Sometimes, he thought that if he ever took Eela, then perhaps Fobata would beg for mercy and would from then on be humble to his little brother. Yes, Fobata wouldn’t be hurt if he ever took over the castle, or so Goga guessed. The point was that it didn’t matter who was the oldest or who had the richest blood; with luck, you could get all you wanted. 
As Goga thought of this, something came to him…the memories of the past, the memory of how far back his blood went, for this was the blood that connected all of the lords of the land at this moment. King Sonnagh…he hated the man, old and weak…how long could his time last? And this Prince Womba, hardly anything was known about him, and if there were any problems, the prince surely would not be ready to take a throne at the age of 28, with no experience of love or battle! 
This was the time of weakness, the time to strike…for hundreds of years, the lords had always planned for such a day, a day to claim what was theirs in Coe Kiki…the prize of a throne. Even as children, his own father had told such stories of rebellion to his sons, and Goga had listened to these tales most eagerly. Yes, this was a good plan, a plan Doomba would surely praise. 
He turned to Hava and whispered, “Write down these words closely, for these words shall change history!”
Hava grabbed a pen as Goga laughed and shouted to his men, “Friends and Followers, lend me your ears! Because of Fobata’s stupidity at having us chase useless children, we have lost many of our friends and fellow men of arms! 
“I tell you now, that Fobata should not be Lord of Coe Eela, for I can be a good leader, as I have led you away from battle that could have destroyed us all! And, why should we stop there? 
“With the strength that we can find only at Coe Wana, we could take over all of Arria! From Eela to Kiki, and onward to the east, we will take this world for ourselves!” 
The men cheered and got onto their horses, for they were also tired of chasing the friends. Goga was tired of waiting, waiting for some plan to come to take over the throne. Yet even as he thought of this, he could not help thinking of those old days, when life had been easy, when his brother was true, brave, and wonderful.  
He shook his head sadly at the thought, but smiled a little as he looked all around and thought himself invincible. They rode off into the late afternoon sun and Goga’s wicked laugh flew through the sky and out into the valley below.
Also, many miles away at Coe Eela, young Gnat sighed as he walked down the path of one of the many courtyards in the castle. It had been 16 days or more since he had said farewell to Basha, yet he still thought about them. 
They had disappeared into the darkness, and Gnat knew Goga had gone after them. How could they survive with Goga on their path? Gnat shook his head, as he stopped beneath a tree to sit on the stone bench there. 
As he sat, leaning forward with his head in one hand, he felt quite depressed, for he had thought something would happen; that those travelers would somehow do something to help the servants here. 
Then again, perhaps they really did cause something. The whispers of rebellion were growing among the servants, and this sudden outburst had come just a day after the travelers escaped. There were questions they had that were going unanswered and rumors that some servants were being punished, for Fobata had grown suspicious about whether any of the servants had helped in the group’s escape. 
Still, there was nothing to be done about all of this; the rebellion couldn’t succeed as far as Gnat knew. Everything would just remain the same, for the rest of his life, and he would just sit here in Eela, for the rest of his life! 
Suddenly he heard a whistle and Gnat looked at one of the trees. There, a young man known as Juna by the other servants sat upon one of the branches, a man that was perhaps 25 years old. 
No one really knew who Juna was, actually, since he had come here to Coe Eela about 3 years ago, possibly taken by force. He had risen up in Eela’s guards faster than expected, but then that would happen if the rumors were true of him being a captured soldier. 
Gnat asked, “What do you want me for, Juna?” 
Juna whispered, “I have seen you about the castle, Gnat. Have you been up to trouble of a sort?” 
Gnat paused for a moment, frowning to himself as he studied Juna. If Juna knew what Gnat had done, and if he told…Gnat had heard about the horrible things that would be done to a prisoner. But then again, he could see the smile on Juna’s face…could he be trusted? 
Gnat shrugged and murmured, “Oh, not much, you might say, just the simple games a boy like myself would play.” 
Juna chortled and exclaimed, “Oh, Gnat, so small and yet such a perfect disguise! Tell me, you certainly know of the talk of…rebellion?”
Gnat quickly looked around, wondering if Juna could really be involved in all of that. Perhaps he had started the idea, since he came from the outside, but could this mean it might work? 
Gnat muttered, “Yes, people have talked about it, I suppose. But do I have anything to do with it?” 
Juna shrugged and told him,  “Nothing, thus far. However, you are a promising young man, even if no one else can see that, and I wish to make use of you. Shall we talk a little more? I just need someone to spread my message.” Gnat smiled and nodded as Juna led him to a more private part of the castle.
Meanwhile, night started to come and the moonlight lit up the Wastelands on the 50th day of the Great Quest, also the 23rd day of Apro. Hardly a tree grew and dirt covered the ground. This was a land of darkness and twilight, of shadows and loneliness. 
The wind howled and moaned, as it had for thousands of years, as it lamented of all that once was and could never be again. The wind cried of the grass that was once green and of the animals had once raced across the plains. There were animals still here, but most were just poor souls, kept alive only to slave for Doomba. 
High overhead, the gruelmoff looked down and didn’t think about slavery or of the growing shadows. He thought about nothing, for he wasn’t allowed to think. 
The gruelmoff looked down and saw the Pits far below him. Inside these pits, the Immortals forced slaves to work and mine all sorts of valuable minerals for unknown purposes. 
Anyway, he flew over the Pits and onward, for several leagues on, until at last, he caught sight of the dark castle. It was made of dark stone, which had been hauled many years ago, all the way from the dark mountains known as Dragon’s Teeth. The castle was old and starting to crumble, but it still had a dark and sinister look. 
Soon, he found an open window and flew through. There, he landed in a large hallway, which was filled with rotting paintings and rusting armor. The only light was a strange and eerie light that came from nowhere and no one. 
There, at the end of the halls, was a black marble throne with somebody or something sitting on it like a human, but the light didn’t reveal any of his features. 
The gruelmoff took a deep breath and screeched, “Message from Lord Fobata! He says, ‘My lord, your servant Fobata is sad to say that the travelers have gotten away. Send your dark hounds, my lord, after them.’” 
There was silence and the gruelmoff nervously ruffled his wings, but he still stood there, petrified. Suddenly from the shadows, a hand reached out into the air. 
It pointed at the gruelmoff, which felt an energy run through his blood. Suddenly, the bird screeched as an invisible hand grabbed him and violently threw him across the room. 
Blackness flowed through his veins and he hardly knew anything. He felt pain, but he couldn’t scream! The bird barely had time to take a breath as another hand grabbed him and shook his throat. The bird had not enough air to scream, but he gurgled as blood started to flow from his mouth. 
All of a sudden, the hand dropped him and the bird laid still. No movement came and the bird felt a coldness grip him, holding him tight and not wanting to let him go. 
A voice from the darkness gasped and whispered, “Rise from the Otherworld, you pathetic and foolish bird. Just be thankful that I’m allowing you to live again, since you have satisfied my rage at Fobata! 
“Go forth and spread the world to all of my dark wolves that their job with those troublemakers isn’t over yet. Tell them that this time, they must attack without warning and with vengeance. I want to see their heads! And if you come bearing ill news, the bearer shall receive my full wrath…believe me, it is worst than where you have been.” 
Suddenly, the heart got a steady beat and blood, though black and full of evil, started to flow once more. The gruelmoff rose and flapped his wings, even though he should have been dead. He screeched and soared out into the wasteland, off once more to search and tell the hounds to set off once more. 
Meanwhile, Doomba screamed, “Gringok! Come here, Gringok!” 
Out of the shadows came a pitiful creature, having common human characteristics and was the size of a normal child, but it was different. It had gray, wrinkly skin and tiny hairs sticking up all over, with bright yellow eyes like a cat and a humped back. The creature was a gringok, but it was just a coincidence that his mother named him Gringok.
He bowed till his little stump of a nose touched the ground and then said in his whining voice, “Good evening, master. What do you wish of Gringok, master? Gringok will do whatever you want…just don’t hurt!” 
Doomba growled and told him, “Go get Captain Zza! And clean yourself, you smelly rat!” Gringok bowed and scurried off. Doomba impatiently waited, until the Ghoulman known as Captain Zza, a ghost-like creature, came forth from the shadows. Doomba sighed and said, “Go to the north, find Goga. We must make sure he knows where he must go, but we must be wary of him.” 
Zza stiffened and hissed, “What does this mean? Surely you’re not considering Fobata to fulfill this deed!” 
Doomba laughed and said, “Fobata? That coward isn’t fit to lead any man into battle! Goga is strong, but he is arrogant and he might not be happy with the power I would give him. 
“There is another one, another man that I know to obey with all of his heart, not out of fear, but because of respect. First off, we must make sure that Goga could do his duties and then, it will all go to either him or my favorite choice. After all, that man is very close to the old King Sonnagh in Kiki.” Captain Zza nodded and bowed before heading out.
The full moon was rising on the 50th day and it was the second full moon of this month. This is a bit rare and whenever there are 2 full moons in a month, the 2nd is always called a blue moon. Basha stood in front of a column that supported the roof of the Great Hall of Coe Wina. 
The hall was pretty empty and cold, but Basha was standing just a foot or so from the roaring fire. He tried again to open Kala’s locket, but it wouldn’t budge. A large group of village people were gathered around Oaka, sitting there wide-eyed as they listened to him tell of all of the exciting stuff that had happened. 
Fato stood on the edge of the fireplace’s mantle and he squawked, “Hey! You forgot to tell them you heard about the attack plan while doing your business! Ha! Was it #1 or #2! Ha, Ho! I kill myself!” 
Then the village people laughed as they watched Oaka chase Fato all about the Great Hall, with Oaka yelling, “Kill yourself? Ha! That is a good one, because I’m going to kill you!” 
A voice laughed and said, “Have they always done that?” Basha smiled at Monika, who was standing nearby and had been watching the group, too. 
He nodded and said, “Yeah, ever since they first met, in fact! It’s amazing how some relationships get a start!” 
 Monika slowly nodded and looked down at the floor as she whispered, “So, was this girl Jawen…is she worth to you all of this?” Basha sighed, looking back out at the moon far from here, wondering if Jawen was looking at it. 
He shrugged and answered, “I guess I’m not sure, but she is the one I’ve loved since I was a child. She didn’t really return the favor, but I still loved her. I also have a secret that I’ve never told anyone. I’ve kept it inside, to think upon whenever I have time. One night, on the last midsummer night, I was with a group of the young people in the village, sitting in darkness because of tradition. 
“It’s a tradition on midsummer that, in the cover of darkness, you kiss the one you love and she kissed me, I know she did. So I guess she loved me in her own way. 
“Besides, I’ve always heard about many stories about brave men going on quests and that when they come home, they kiss the one they love and the two of them get married. That is how the story always ends and I sort of want to be like those men and live happily ever after. Um…are you okay?” Monika blinked and stared up at him, wondering what had made him say such a thing, as if he could read her thoughts. 
She nervously chuckled and exclaimed, “Of course, I just got so bored! I’m going to go and snore!” Monika raced out of the hall, waving at him and laughing. Basha laughed and turned back to listen to Oaka and his story, unknowing of the two men that were gazing at him and the others. 
Lord Lagotaq, who had recently reached his 60th year, turned his head around and whispered, “Malwin, surely you jest? They are hardly more than children!” 
A man sitting beside him, who was 77 years old, just shook his head and told him, “I tell you, Lagotaq, they are more than this. If you are truly my son from your marriage to my dear daughter, may Pidamana keep her, you will listen to what I say and what I have seen.” 
Lagotaq sighed and whispered, “I don’t know, Malwin…you have been right before, whenever you had your visions, and every time I have followed your directions. I have even sent away my only son, Ompa, to Kiki not too long ago at your insistence, but this is too much! What use have they for the Swords? They probably won’t make it to Pidaria alive!” 
Malwin chuckled and muttered, “Oh, Lagotaq, what little faith you have! Do not fear that they will have no use for them, all of this will be for good, even if we will not live to see the outcome. Oh, don’t sneer at me like that, Lagotaq, I am not too old to see a man that wishes to call me mad!” 
Lagotaq frowned, shaking his head as he cried, “Now, Malwin, I do not think you are insane, I just…oh, fine, have it your way. I will give them the three Swords that are hidden deep in the cellars, but this is the last favor I will offer you as my father-in-law.” 
Malwin bowed his head and nodded as he told him, “You will not regret this, Lagotaq, for they will do justice with these Swords for all of Arria!” 
Lagotaq turned his head, trying to hide his smile as Malwin stood up and turned away from his son-in-law, while the blue moon started to descend, in preparation for the coming dawn.
 
Part 2:
From Coe Wina to the Tau River


(3/4/02)-(5/29/02)

Chapter 5: On the Road Again!
It was the dawn of the 60th day and it was also the 5th day of the month Mai, which is the first month of the season known as Plig, or the season of ‘planting’. High on a hill, a large castle and town stood, where it had stood since it was just a small farm in the time of the Knights. The farm was built higher and higher, until it became the great castle of Coe Wina, in the territory of Arria known as Popo Hills. 
Outside of the tall city gates, a group of people had gathered in the mist of this gray dawn. The mists hid the dark forest beyond, a forest full of strange sounds as the animals slowly awoke to greet the cool dawn. 
Shadows and shapes met and merged in this mist, becoming quite disoriented. A wolf howled, or what seemed like a wolf howled, as the people made the Signs against Evil. For misty mornings like these were filled with mystery, perhaps the mysteries that Sitha kept, and were said to hide an evil force as it approaches. 
The townspeople were gathered about three horses, each with one rider on their backs, as a falcon flew overhead shouting, “Come on! We need to make good time today!” The falcon was Fato, of course, since he could speak.
Monika shouted back, “Give us a rest, Fato! We will leave when Lord Lagotaq comes to give us his blessing.” 
Oaka said, “His blessing should better be, ‘Tau bless you’, when I sneeze, because I’m getting a cold!” 
Basha smiled at them as he petted Talan’s white mane. He thought again of all that had happened to him over the days ranging almost a month and a half. 
Now, after 22 days of rest and retellings of their adventures, they were ready to leave once again. Even though Oaka and Fato complained about leaving, Basha reminded them that they were on a quest. 
Anyway, Basha looked up and smiled at Lord Lagotaq, the owner of the castle and lord of all the people living there. The old man raised his hands up, as the crowd started to quiet down, while his father-in-law, a man called Count Malwin, quietly stood beside him.
He bowed his head and proclaimed in a croaky voice, “Young ones, go forth in search of your destines. Although your journey is long and dangerous, be blessed by Tau and I, Lord Lagotaq. I give to you, brave souls, three swords with their sheaths in the hopes that they will protect you like they have in the protection of this castle.” 
A soldier handed each of them the swords and as they received them, they noted the strange colors of the hilts: red, blue, and black. Monika bowed her head as she received the sword with the Blue hilt, and Oaka looked at the hilt of the Red sword, studying it silently. Basha received the sword with the Black hilt and he quickly put it into his pack, not caring to study it, before bowing in thanks. 
Lagotaq nodded and told them all, “Remember the great Knights from above that came and gave us the glorious Cup of Tau. Find the Cup and share it amongst the people, so that they may know the miracles it will bring. I bid you all a fond farewell.” 
The crowd gave a cheer and the group rode away into the mists of Arria, on that cold, gray dawn on the 5th day of Mai, the first month of Plig, and into the realm of legends. The day went by fast and they were soon gathered around the fire. 
Basha nodded at his friends gathered there and told them, “Okay, everyone, listen up, please. Now, I think I have a perfect idea for the route we will take the rest of the way to Pidaria. We’ll first head south to Coe Jawa, southeast to Kiki, west to Coa, west to the coast, which we’ll follow south all the way to Pidaria. 
“Then, we head along the eastern border and then River Mila all the way back to Coe Baba, if things go as planned. Everybody likes the plan? Yes? Okay, now it’s time for dinner!” Everyone cheered as Fato presented some rats he caught and Monika brought out a white hare. 
She smiled as she proudly said, “This is the first thing I’ve gotten with my brand-new crossbow, a little gift from Fobata, our generous host. I bet no wolves would ever think with messing with this!” 
They all quietly ate, burped, and rolled out some blankets to go to sleep. Basha looked up at the moon and thought that Jawen was looking at that same moon. He touched his mother’s locket and fell to sleep.
About 600 miles away, Jawen was looking at the moon, but she was thinking that Basha was looking down at her from Pidamana, or heaven. 
Jawen had already given Basha up for dead weeks ago, because while there had always been tales of great quests for Basha as a child, there had been romantic and tragic stories for Jawen as a child. In these stories, whenever the hero went off a-questing, the heroine stayed home, sewing, waiting for her love to come back. 
Meanwhile, the hero fell in love with an enchantress and stayed with her for eternity, while the girl waited and waited, until she was an old maid and then died. Or in worse case scenario, the hero fought some monster or villain and died, while the girl killed herself to join him. 
Jawen certainly wasn’t going to kill herself, but she wasn’t going to wait forever for Basha to come home. At the Courtship, other young men danced with her and she certainly gave out a lot of other scarves to them. 
Hastin was among them and she thought he looked handsome, even though some girls said he was as dumb as mud. Anyway, whoever she chose, she knew that none of the other young men were going to leave her while they went on quest. And even though they were stuck at home for the rest of their lives, they weren't going to shove their anger onto their wives. 
A proper widow mourned for her husband for a month or so before finding a new one. It had been more than a month and she wasn’t getting any younger. She told herself that she would find a man tomorrow, but she had to do one last thing. 
She looked at the sky and whispered to Basha, “Please forgive me, Basha. I love you and I will never love any other man like you, but time flies by and we all must move on. Poor Sisila; she doesn’t believe Oaka is gone and is still waiting for him to come back. I’m sorry Basha, but I can’t live a life without love.” She hoped it was proper enough and then went back into her house to prepare for bed. 
Young Gnat looked at the moon high above and then turned his eyes to the thing in front of him. He was looking at a note that Juna said would make a great secret message for the servants. It said:
“Hey-Li-Hey-La! Hooray for this glorious day! 
Tis the Plig season, the Plig season! Joy to this glorious day! 
The farmers are in the field and we are racing across the fields of grain! Hooray! The farmers are in the field and we are across the fields of grain! Away, Away, Away, Away! 
Away we race on this glorious Plig day! Hey-Li-Hey-La!
Gnat looked at it and he quietly he sat down to rewrite it, until he was satisfied with message. Although Fobata and his guards wouldn’t be able to understand it, the other servants would and they would know that now was the time to leave Castle Eela, hopefully forever. 
Things had gotten a lot worse after Basha and his companions had run off. At first, Lord Fobata secretly tortured the servants in the hopes that they would confess to helping the friends, but no one thought about interrogating Gnat. 
Even now, as he sat there at the servants’ table in the kitchen, Gnat felt guilty that other people were getting punished for what he did, but he had done a good thing…as far as he knew. Not only had Fobata sent Goga and his men out to search, he also sent out some of the restless servants and some didn’t return, perhaps because they got lost or secretly murdered. 
Fobata didn’t care at all what happened, because he could just send out more servants. When Goga didn’t return, he had gotten worried and decided that Goga was gone and he didn’t have a lot of soldiers left, so he decided to recruit some servants to become soldiers. Some of the mothers among the servants cried for fear that their children would face the cruelty of ‘Fatbota’. 
Yet, there was a small hope that all of the servants held. Sometimes they would speak of rebellion, and even Gnat could see that perhaps this was their only course. For even now, Juna was working among the servants, a young, strong man who cried out in favor of rebellion and many listened to him. 
Gnat smiled and got up from his chair. He grabbed the piece of paper as he started to leave the kitchen. He walked down a long corridor, deep in the basement of Coe Eela, and then he paused to knock on one of the doors. The door opened and when the doorkeeper recognized Gnat, he allowed the boy to come in. Gnat found himself in the back of a large crowd, listening as Juna spoke to them in the front of the room.
Juna shouted, “We must listen to our mind! Murder is wrong, so thus a revolution is wrong, but we must also listen to our hearts’ desires. 
“Was it not true that when the first man and woman came upon this land, they had no masters? Yet how did we get ourselves into servitude? I say we were forced and I say it must end now! End it now, before all hope is lost! End servitude, and the world will be healed!” 
The servants silently clapped, not too loudly for fear they would be heard, then they quickly left so that they would not be missed. Juna stepped down from the barrel he had been standing on, and then he took a deep breath. He turned and spotted Gnat, coming over, and he burst into a smile. 
Gnat smiled and handed Juna the paper as he informed him, “I got the message down, Juna. I’m afraid I had to change some stuff.” 
Juna curiously glanced at the paper, then ruefully shook his head as he said, “My goodness, I never thought about that! What a leader am I, not to do that? Thanks, Gnat, this’ll be very useful.” Gnat smiled and nodded as Juna put the paper in his pocket and left. Gnat sighed and turned about to go to his small room, where he would fall asleep.
Goga was also looking at Basha’s moon. He was in very good spirits, indeed. He was about halfway or so to Coe Wana and he knew that he would get all the help he needed there. He had some old friends at Wana that could get him about 400 soldiers or so and they will destroy Fobata! Goga suddenly felt angry and he grumbled and growled. 
Hava the scribe-soldier tapped his senior officer on the shoulders and asked, “Sir, what is wrong? People say that if you tell someone, it won’t hurt so much.” 
Goga sighed and growled, but he said, “Fobata is more than my lord, he is my older brother.” 
 “But sir, how come you’re angry at Fobata? I mean, he’s your brother!” 
 “Yes, and he should never have become a lord! You see, our father thought the oldest should always inherit, no matter how stupid or cowardly he is!” 
 “We could get in trouble for talking like this!” 
 “So what? Anyway, I tried to tell father, but he wouldn’t listen and Fobata became lord of Coe Eela. Later, when Doomba approached him to ask if Fobata would follow him like our forefathers before us, Fobata was too scared to say anything besides yes! I, of course, support Doomba, but Fobata just said yes to protect himself.” 
Hava sighed and took a drink of a nearby bottle of scotch. He said, “So, are the soldiers going to destroy Fobata?” 
 “Yes, but I have more planned. Doomba shouldn’t live in the darkness anymore! He should be able to leave the Wastelands for good and head north, across the River and towards Kiki.” 
Hava nodded and asked, “Would you like some scotch, General Goga?” Goga nodded and took a deep sip as he looked up at the moon. 
Meanwhile, as the moon shone upon the Tau’s Valley, horses snorted and smoke came out of their noses. Horsemen rode through the darkness, never stopping for rest or food. The people in the countryside grew quite fearful for no reason as these strange men rode by and some people whispered that they were much more than men. 
They whispered rumors that these strange horsemen were Ghoulmen, the shadowy soldiers of the Dark One. In the tales, they were soldiers brought back from death to work for the Dark One for all eternity. They had no mind or soul and they wore long robes that hid their face and body, only leaving their skeletal hands visible. 
Everybody had heard of them, but most prayed deeply that they were just myths. Yet these strange riders appeared to prove that the worst was true. It spooked many that these soldiers were in the Valley, for it has been said that most of them could never pass the Dragon’s Teeth, unless they were forced to do so for some reason. 
No one knew why there here, but they tried to kill them nevertheless. Yet every man that tried was killed and it sometimes appeared that the Ghoulmen would gain a man for every 10 men they killed. So, the people tried to ignore these heartless ghouls as they rode by on horses of midnight.
The dawn came into the hill country. This was the dawn of the 61st day. The birds sang from the little trees that stood all alone in small groups throughout the plains in this same hill country. 
The bees buzzed about the flowers, but one sadly got swatted by Oaka. Fato complained about the birds, then looked around before flying off. Basha was confused and curious about what Fato was doing, but Oaka told him to just leave Fato alone and that he was just probably trying to get some girl birds. The rest of the friends gathered around the fire and cooked some breakfast. 
They started to eat breakfast while Monika told them about another vision. She said, “I saw, from a place high above and in the clouds, a strange valley. Black spots climbed the hills and surrounded several pale dots down below. Suddenly, a bright light came from nowhere. At first it was just a floating orb, but then it created a circle around the pale dots and a bright light appeared from nowhere, bathing everything in a white light, except for the bright blue light, then I woke up.” 
Basha wondered if Monika had gone through the alien ceremony he had once seen her perform in front of the fire, but he didn’t dare ask. Anyway, they ate and sat to wait for Fato so that they could leave. 
At last, the falcon flew into camp and Monika yelled, “Fato! Where were you and what kept you?” 
Fato shook his head and squawked, “Let’s get going, the morning is halfway over!” 
The group shrugged and decided not to pester him about it. They headed out again, hoping to reach Coe Jawa by tomorrow afternoon. They walked for awhile and Oaka and Monika talked, but Basha didn’t pay attention. He looked up and started to watch Fato.
 He noticed that the falcon sometimes disappeared from the trail and come back a few minutes later. Basha gasped in surprise when he saw one bird, a raven, fly from the trees and squawked some words in the language of the birds. Suddenly, a barn owl, a robin, a hawk, a blue jay, a mockingbird and a nightingale flew out of the trees to talk to Fato. Basha turned around and saw that Oaka and Monika were watching this. 
Basha whispered, “Let’s promise to ask him about what just happened tonight. Agree, everyone?” They all nodded and turned back to watch Fato chase the birds away. 
Night came and the nightingale sang. The light of the moon touched a peaceful and calm glade. 
Everyone listened and when the bird was finished, Oaka happened to say, “My, a song from a nightingale sure is beautiful. Say, I noticed earlier today another nightingale and it was following you, Fato, along with some other birds. Do you wish to explain your reason why they follow you and is this the reason why you disappear?” 
Fato ruffled his feathers, looked at his friends’ faces and sighed as he admitted, “Okay, okay. I guess I should tell all of you, or else you all will keep bugging me like a flea.” 
Fato coughed, cleared his throat, and said, “I am a messenger for King Sonnagh, but I am more than that. You see, the animal world is more complex than you think. Birds and such can understand what you say, but only special animals can speak to you, like me. Some say this is because that when Dalan died, he thought some animals should be able to tell humans what was going on. 
“Anyway, animals, like humans, listen to what other people say and wish to be kept informed on any event that occurs, much like you. So we have a special system of messengers that specialize in delivering messages concerning news from all corners of Arria.” 
 “That sounds simple, but where do they all come from?” Basha asked.
“The barn owl, robin, and mockingbird you saw came from the forest. The nightingale and blue jay came from the valley. The hawk is from the hills and the raven hangs out on the outer limits of the wastelands. They all tell me things that are going on around this great land and I tell them things that I have seen. 
“My part in this system sort of helps me deliver messages to the king by being able to tell almost everything. I don’t want him to know about any of this, because this may make me less valuable.” 
 “Do you know how Sisila and Jawen are doing? Can we send messages?” Oaka asked.
 “This is for life and death messages or very important messages, not to talk to friends and family! Anyway, some stuff is brewing down in the Wastelands, but the raven doesn’t want to get closer to check things out. That’s just about all I have.” 
The group was satisfied, but Oaka still kept trying to convince Fato that he might be able to send a message to the girls, but Fato wouldn’t budge. Oaka got so mad that he started to throw sticks at Fato, but the others stopped him while Fato teased him from a safe distance. 
It was the dawn of the 63rd day or the 8th day of Mai and the weather seemed to give hope to the group. The wind was softly playing with the trees, making them whisper secrets of beauty. The sun was bright and the dew made the plants glisten. Happily, the birds sang sweet melodies and the bees hummed the same melodies. They all guessed that they would make it to Coe Jawa by late afternoon, but they weren’t really sure and so were rushing a bit. 
Deja was exhausted and Monika wanted to slow down, but she was scared of being left behind, so she pushed the horse on with promises of oats in town. Around mid-morn, Monika spotted a young man, around the age of 25 or so, sitting by the road. 
He had very blonde hair and green eyes. He seemed very tall, but they weren’t that sure. Even though he was fairly young, he had some wrinkles appearing. In his lap laid a hat with a copper coin or two and a harp made of willow, with silver strings. 
The young bard shouted at the sight of the traveling group. He quickly stood up and sang, “♪May the dawn greet ye, sweet pilgrim! May the birds sing harmonious songs and give ye great fortune! O, noble lady, how fair thee look! O, chargers how faithful thee look! O, yeomen, how brave thee look! O, eagle how great a hunter thee look! Please, spare me a copper coin and may fate beam upon ye!♫” The bard gave a deep breath and held out his hat. 
Basha looked at him and said, “We have no coins to spare for you. Can we do something else for you?” 
 The bard’s smile faded a little, but he recovered as he managed to say, “My feet are haggard and I’m not sure of the track to select to get to Jawa! Can thou let me journey with thee? I affirm by my father’s grave that I shall glorify thy name with song! By the way, dear boy, what be thy name?” 
Basha grinned as he answered, “It be Basha and the other boy is Oaka, she is Monika, and that is Fato the falcon, not an eagle. Now I ask you that same question.” 
Jobe told him, “I have traveled so many unmeasured miles to faraway places, places so vast and foreign! All about, I am notoriously famous and known by many names! I have been known as the Rambler, the Hypnotic Bard, the Great Praise-Sayer and the Ass of Singers, although I’m not sure why they call me that. My legitimate and genuine name is Jokopamamwabe, as my father the bard once told me, but everyone has called me Jobe for short.”
Fato asked, “That’s interesting, but is all of that really true?”
Jobe shrugged and said, “A bard perchance can compose praise for his individual repertoire. Because if no one else does, than who will? Besides, I apprehend that several of my names are true, although it is beyond my recollection which ones. I have numerous labels, more than I’ve enlightened thee and some may be heeded as impertinent. Yet how can a title itself be abominable, unless it reverberates the undistorted dispositions of the personage with that title?” 
 Fato gawked at him and muttered, “I saw your mouth move, I heard you speak, yet you said nothing that made any sense to me whatsoever!” 
Jobe gave a hearty laugh, along with everyone else. Jobe got on the back of Oaka’s horse and the group with its newest member set off to Jawa in hopes of a soft bed and food. 
As they went, Jobe sang of the birds and the mysteries of their songs. He sang of the beauty of life, yet what life probably can teach us about how difficult it can be. 
Basha started to wonder if there was something wrong with the bard, for he certainly didn’t sound like a Golden-Throated Bard. He actually sounded a little out of tune. Basha glanced at his companions and smiled as he saw them covering their ears, probably thinking the same thing.
Around mid-afternoon, the group did arrive at Coe Jawa. Jobe bowed to them and shouted, “What generous and noble souls you have! I give thanks to thee, once again! To requite for thy charity, I shall usher thee to one of the finest taverns this excellent hamlet has to present. Come, accompany me.”  
Basha and the others followed Jobe through the spiraling streets of the town. The town was a little smaller than Anji, but still a lot bigger than Baba. 
Yet Basha noticed the people of this town were somehow different from the people of his town and Anji. While most of the people in those towns had seemed well-off, or very rich, the people of this town looked quite poor. While the people of the other hamlets had seemed quite jolly or could laugh easily, the people of this town had hard, stone faces. 
A few men were covered in dirt and carried pickaxes, for there were several mines to the east with copper, gold, silver, quartz and more. However, rumor passed that the mines were going dry, and it was feared they would have to turn to other countries for minerals. 
Basha whispered to Jobe, “These people do not seem to be easy to please. Why do you come here, then?” 
Jobe smiled and said, “Because innumerable a man like I have tried to make them guffaw, but a bare few have consummated such an objective. Not even the finest bards of all could make them guffaw, but he did make them chortle. Even more inferior bards cry when they couldn’t get a solitary response. I affirm thee that I will not wail if such a thing happened to me, but I’m not sure if I could make them smile. All I apprehend is that at least I will be able to remind myself that not everyone in the whole world hates my music.” 
Basha thought and wondered if everything he had said then was false, even the part that not everyone in the world hated Jobe’s music, or possibly would. 
Anyway, Jobe brought them to the best tavern in town, which was actually in bad shape by some standards, but the group didn’t feel like complaining. They didn’t mind that the floor was a bit dirty and had some strange puddles. They didn’t mind that a rat ran by them or that a cockroach was eating a crumb nearby. The innkeeper seemed like a jolly sort and was glad to let the group stay at his inn, as long as they did some work such as washing dishes. 
When he heard that Jobe was a bard and wanted to perform here, the innkeeper laughed and said, “Are you daft, sir?” 
Jobe shook his head and said, “As far as I know, good keeper, I am well in body and soul.” 
 The innkeeper sighed and inquired, “Do you know how bad the people in this town react to your kind? Are you trying to actually make them laugh?
Jobe responded, “Art thee a mind reader, for that is my purpose in this good town.”
 The innkeeper rolled his eyes and explained “Well, I’m afraid that I must try to discourage you from playing.”
Jobe said, “Try if thee wishes to do so, but I fear thee wilt be very unsuccessful.” 
The innkeeper growled and yelled, “Some people here are in a very, very foul mood, because most of the crops this year turned foul! I know that if they even hear one note from your harp, they shall burn it and you as well! So leave this town if you want to live.” 
Jobe smiled and said, “Speak no more, good innkeeper. I shall have none of this and I ask thee now to not mention this after this moment. I have heard the tales and rumors, yes. Yet I shall not heed them and I will play my songs and tales on this very night without your approval, if need be.” 
The innkeeper sighed, exhausted from such a long speech, and said, “There is no need, for you have my approval. But don’t say I didn’t try to warn you after your performance. Oh, I should probably tell you not to sing any tales about great harvests or such, but you probably know that.” Jobe nodded and the innkeeper showed them the two rooms the group would share, but Monika left to fulfill her promise to Deja.

It was a cold late afternoon, with clouds covering the moon that was starting to rise and hints that a snowstorm could be coming. Yesterday, the group had spent the long day looking around the markets of Jawa and at the monuments that were scattered about the city. During this day, which was the 65th day, they had stayed away from the inn while Jobe stayed behind to practice for the concert that would start right about this time. 
Anyway, night came quickly and instead of snow falling, hail started to fall and people in the town of Jawa ran to take cover. Most people headed beneath the roof of their homes, but some couldn’t make it and headed instead into the inn. 
They headed to some tables set up in front of a crude stage, made from an old desk with boards covering the spaces underneath. The people were grim at the thought of what damage the hail was certain to create and a few miners grumbled at the bard, standing in the corner. 
Jobe took a deep breath and climbed on top of the stage. Someone gave him a chair, which he heaved onto the top and sat on. He took another breath, pulled his harp out of his cloak, and tuned the strings. 
He looked up and saw two tables at the back of the room. At one, Fato and Monika waved to him and at the other table, Oaka smiled while silently giggling at Fato, who was headfirst inside a bowl of hare stew. 
Oaka leaned over towards Basha and whispered quietly, “Hey, how much do you want to bet that they boot him off the stage?” 
Basha whispered, “Jobe can do it, I know he can. Sure, his singing may be a little bad, but yours is just as worse.” 
Oaka silently giggled and whispered, “Yeah, and you once told me I was the worse singer in the world!” 
Meanwhile, Jobe was saying “Thank you for letting me perform this evening. Tonight I shall sing and weave tales from the ancient Old Chronicles. Many years ago, men of knowledge sat down to write in the Old Language the tales of gods and heroes and monsters so strange and wonderful! Bards learned these tales by heart and translated them, but there was a song near the end that spoke of ‘The End of the Golden Age of Legends’, which went like this:
‘Oh, woe! Oh, sweet and sad woe!
The End of the Age has come to my land of Arria!
The Great Creatures are gone forevermore!
No longer will we see the sweet unicorn or the fierce dragon!
We hunted them with nary a thought and now they are gone!
The song, which was written hundreds of years ago, told about how Arria, in the beginning, was once a magical land, but how with the coming of Doomba, the Dark Age had begun. It lamented about the leaving of the Knights and the disappearance of Coe Pidaria. The song ended with this final verse:
Oh, woe! Oh, sweet and sad woe!
The End of the Age has come and the Dark Age is here!
Fear not, dear friends! Fear not!
For it is said that this will end, when the Knights return!
So be brave and true, for the Knights will return!’”
The group cheered, but they were the only ones, although the innkeeper would have cheered, if he hadn’t gone to his room early. The guests just glared at the bard and then started whispering amongst themselves, for apparently, they did not take well to tales of woe. 
Jobe took a deep breath to calm himself and Basha was afraid for a minute that he would cry. But instead Jobe broke into another song, this one about Dalan, a more cheerful song, and Fato gave a loud cheer. 
He said to Monika, “Finally! I bet he’s the only human who has ever told the story of the good Dalan, kind to all creatures! Of course, you are kind to me, Monika, I must say.”
Oaka yelled at Fato, “Would you please stop talking about him! I can’t believe you could talk so much about a human. I mean, you hate humans! You must, because you keep teasing me!” 
Fato laughed and shouted, “I don’t hate humans, except for those who have killed my kinsmen. I only hate you because you’re so fun to hate! Look at you! Throwing accusations at me, jealous that I like someone almost as much as I tease you! You’re such a wart! Haw! Haw!” 
Oaka lunged for the bird that he hated with all of his heart and soul. Fato screeched and tried to fly off, but he had been close to Oaka when he said all of this and it was very easy to grab him. Oaka grabbed Fato by the neck and started to punch him. 
Monika and Basha tried to get up and stop them, but a crowd was already gathered and the two were in the back. Jobe sighed and laughed, as he played a fast-pace melody, perfect for a fight. The crowd looked up and cheered, but soon turned their heads back to the fight. 
Jobe cried happy tears, then started to cheer as Fato finally got out of Oaka’s grip and started to chase the hapless boy. Jobe muttered, “This could make a jolly good song, I bet. ‘The Brawling Bird and Boy!’ Maybe as good as ‘The Girl and her Lover, the Donkey!’ Boy, I love this zany lot!”
The night rushed by and in the cold morn, which was the 66th day, the group got onto their horses. Jobe watched them and said, “Adieu, sweet friends, until we congregate again. I shall be withdrawing, since thou probably won’t require me any more.” 
Monika shook her head and smiled as she said, “Jobe, you must come with us. We will enjoy your companionship greatly and what can you do here? You are a bard! A wanderer, like me, and that is what life will be for you, until you find the perfect home. Will you be content here?” 
Jobe smiled as he shook his head and said, “You are certainly right and I’ll come with you, for a part of the journey, for I seriously doubt I want to see the Wastelands. I hear you must be a fighter to survive there, and I’m certainly not.” 
Monika nodded, a little glad that Jobe was talking like a normal person, and the group waited while Jobe went to the innkeeper to ask if he had any horses to sell. The jolly innkeeper did have a horse to sell, which was an old, black nag. 
The innkeeper said, “She is a bit bad tempered, I admit, but she’s a sweet old gal. She is quite used to having a load on her back and she is patient, or so I think. Although you might need to break her in, sort of tame her, just a little. Don’t worry about the stump of a tail she has, since it’s natural for this kind of horse. By the way, her name is Quint.” 
Jobe looked at the horse and said, “I’ll take her, sir.” 
Quint looked at Jobe and gave a loud neigh, as if in protest, but she still let him get on her back. Suddenly, she took off in flight while Jobe hung on for his dear life. She galloped to the edge of the road and back, then stopped and gave a happy neigh. Jobe petted her and he laughed. 
He yelled, “I think she just broke me in! I will definitely take her!” The group laughed, especially Fato, as they all rode off with Jobe riding Quint.
Meanwhile, things had gotten worse at Coe Eela. Fobata was starting to act mad and he was often in his bed with no reason given as to why. In the shadows, the servants silently gathered once more, to spread the rumors of Fobata like wildfire in the forest. Gnat raced across the hallways and up the stairs, kept quite busy as Juna sent messages out to his network of spies. 
Oftentimes, Gnat would pretend to bounce a ball by the guards, while he listened to their conversations. In this way, Juna started to gather arms from the secret storerooms and he learned about who would be on the watches throughout the day. 
Juna pointed out two men on the list as he turned to Gnat and said, “These two men, here, they used to be the sons of servants from what I hear. Perhaps if we leave during their watch, they’ll feel helpless to do anything. Yes, that’s best for the most part.” 
Gnat turned to Juna and said, “Sir, I’ve been very patient and you have made good use of me, but I ask could I be given a sword, when the day comes?” 
Juna sighed and shook his head as he said, “You’re too young for this, my boy! This is not just some game. Tell you what, you can be my drummer boy! Oh yes, all of the troops in the armies have one. You’ll call out the men to battle and you’ll keep them on the beat when they’re marching. Plus, you will see the battles, but you’ll be safe enough, don’t worry.” 
Gnat frowned and then sighed as he decided to agree with Juna. Later that afternoon, the servants gathered about in an old storeroom full of supplies and crates as they finally voted on what they should do. 
Juna made one last speech and they cast their votes, until it finally looked like most would agreed to side with Juna. Juna nodded and went around, making assurances for their safety, while Gnat sat off to the side, trying not to sulk.
Meanwhile, several hundred miles away, a large bird flew through the sky. It flew low in the sky, but was still a black dot in the sky if you looked high above you. The bird needed no rest or food, even though it had been traveling for 6 long days. The bird also had marks and burns all about his body, but he felt no pain. He had a print, an image about his neck of a hand, but he didn’t think about it. 
Actually, he thought and felt nothing. For he was the gruelmoff that had been killed, but his master, the Dark Lord had brought him back to life. This was to be his last duty for now, but he was not overjoyed. 
He flew towards Lake Tri, a small lake in the valley of the hill country of Popo. He spiraled downward to land on a tree by the lake and there, 8 Black Wolves of the Lord looked up at him. They had been drinking, but now turned their attention to the bird. 
He screeched, “Go and ambush the group of children that search for the Cup! They, by now, have left Coe Jawa and you must go ahead towards Coe Gima, which is surely their next stop. So race forth, brave wolves and wait patiently, for you will have your kill!” 
The wolves howled as the gruelmoff flew away, never to be spoken of in this tale again. Their leader quieted them down and he led them as they stampeded to the small mountain town of Gima, which they would surely reach by the 70th day. 
 
Chapter 6: Bandits and Wolves
On that same day, a murky dawn arose, with hardly any sight of the sun high above. The group slept on in their blankets, placed at different spots throughout the clearing. 
Deja’s tail swatted a tick on her back, Fato mumbled in his sleep from a lone tree nearby, and the lonely hills played witness to the serenity, soon to be intruded. Horses quietly cantered on the hills above, their hooves muffled by cloths and guided by men skilled in the art of deadly silence. 
The leader by the name of Shama sneered at the camp below, as he studied the scene. He quickly calculated that they probably had nothing much of value, but he could spot the weapons, horses, and bags of food, things he needed very much for his band. 
He then scanned the people down below, yet he could find nothing unusual about them, nothing at all to cause any stir. However, he had been hired to do this by a very powerful man and thus, he had to do it. 
The horses paused and were tied onto a rock as the men grabbed their weapons, preparing themselves to run. Shama watched and when the last man was ready, he raised his hand and the group of men headed down the hill, careful not to make a sound. All in all, there were about 10 men, armed to the teeth and quite alert, ready to fight for what they wanted. 
Monika rubbed her eyes slowly and yawned as she looked up. Suddenly, her heart started beating faster as she noticed the men on the hill, crouched down a tad as they raced down the hill. 
Carefully, knowing they would be on the lookout for any strange movement, she rolled over, as if sleeping restlessly. However, it was to stretch her hand from under the blanket and grab the handle of her sword in her pack by her side. She turned over quickly to face Basha’s closed eyes and snorted, as if snoring. 
Basha’s eyes popped open, but Monika shook her head slowly and cocked her head. Basha lifted his head and saw the armed men, now halfway towards them from the hill. Basha quickly grabbed his sword and knife from the pack at his side to hide underneath the blanket, while Monika turned over to her other side to quietly warn Oaka. 
Shama paused as he noticed one member had rolled over several times and he feared that with dawn so soon over the horizon, they were just moments away from waking. He gestured his hand again and the band of men picked up the pace, while still remaining quiet. 
By this time, Basha, Monika, Oaka, and Jobe were awake and lying still, with knives and swords clutched tight in their hands. Jobe was uneasy about the fight that sure to come, being a bard and thus of a peaceful, nonviolent nature. 
Up in the tree, Fato yawned and opened his eyes, since the others had forgotten to warn him. Fato frowned at the band on the hill and gasped as he realized what this mean. 
Fato squawked, “Robbers! Auk, robbers approaching!” 
Shama silently cursed and searched the hillside above, but couldn’t see the lookout that these travelers must have posted. He screamed and the band of robbers rushed forward, happy to be free from silence and bloodthirsty as wolves. 
Oaka yelled, “Nice going Fato, we were going to surprise them!” Sadly, the damage was done and the group sprang from their blankets, the four friends against the band of 10 robbers. Jobe tried not to look as he cut a robber down, but when he accidentally peeked, he heaved his dinner. 
Jobe yelled, “I am an artist, not a fighter!” 
Monika silently concentrated on a place of pure peace deep inside her as she weaved through the band of robbers. Oaka and Basha swept in and out, as Nickleby had taught them back home in the manner of courtly fighting. 
Then the bandits separated Oaka and Basha and soon everyone was busy fighting the bandits, unable to notice what the others were doing. Basha looked down at his last opponent and then looked up to find himself facing a strong man of about 35 years with an imposing figure and many scars on his body, a man that he knew to be the leader of the bandits. 
The man grinned and bowed as he muttered, “Hello, kid, you look like you think yourself quite powerful as the leader of this ragtag group. Well, you won’t ever forget the name of Shama, especially when I’m done with you. Put up your sword, I want a fight!” 
Basha glared at Shama and held up his sword, which was soon met with Shama’s whirling blade. The duel between them lasted for only a few minutes, but it was a hard fight of parries and slashes as Shama felt the strain. 
The young man was talented and the bandit leader had never met his match in swords before. Well, only once before, but Shama hardly liked to remember that fight.
It was many years ago when Shama was 18 years old, a new member of the bandit gang beneath his Uncle Claudito. Shama loved his new position as a bandit, a far cry from his plain childhood, with all sorts of interesting characters that did nothing except curse, drink, and torture wild animals when they weren’t attacking travelers in the Popo Hills. 
About a day after he joined the gang, the bandits had attacked a merchant train, taking many goods and several captives. That night, the bandits were celebrating with Claudito presiding over everything as he played host to the captives, sullen as they wondered what fate would be in store for them. 
Some bandits were trying to sneak up on the only woman that had been taken captive, but she always pushed them away as she wrapped her cloak closer around her, not saying a word and not attracting Claudito’s attention. The woman was slightly plump and it might have deterred most of the men from trying to do this if it wasn’t for the fact that despite her weight, she had a beautiful face. 
Anyway, when the fourth bandit reached out for her, the woman suddenly threw aside her cloak and with lightning quickness, pulled out her hidden sword and held it to the throat of the bandit. Dozens of swords, knives, and even a trident were soon grabbed by the other bandits, but Claudito held up his hand to halt them. 
Claudito turned to the woman and inquired, “My lady, whatever your name is, did this man try to harm you?”
The woman nodded and immediately lowered her sword, allowing the bandit to stand up and race away. The other bandits relaxed and were laughing amongst each other now, forgetting about their tension as they joked about the man that had nearly been killed. The woman was breathing heavily and wiped her forehead as Shama growled.
Shama stood up and yelled, “Lady, you’re in a precarious position right now. You should have told us you had a sword! Give it up!”
Claudito chuckled and shouted, “Nephew, sit down, there has been no harm done! This woman only used the sword for protection and she put it down! However, do you really want her to give it up?”
Shama glared at the woman and she tightened her grip on her sword as he muttered, “Yes, no woman should hold a sword.”
Claudito pointed at Shama and bellowed, “If you really want her to give up her sword, then you will fight her for it! Your sword is behind you, and lady, prepare yourself to duel for what is your right!”
The woman quickly nodded and stood up, holding her sword in front of her as she posed in a crouch. Shama growled and snatched up his sword, which he swung wildly about as he roared and charged her. 
The fight lasted for only a few minutes and at the end, the woman slashed the sword out of Shama’s hands. Claudito and the bandits were chortling so hard that they were rolling on the ground as the captives nervously chuckled while Shama stared in horror at his fallen sword.
Shama lifted his head up to scowl at the woman as he hollered, “You witch! Oh, I can’t wait until the day I get the chance to kill you for good! Who are you to do this to me?”
The woman smiled and told him, “My name is Kala, but you won’t kill me for good. I will die for the good of Arria.”
The duel between Shama and Basha was still going on as Shama recalled the past, yet the bandit smiled as he realized that he had learned many tricks since that fight when he was only 18 years old. Quick as lightning, Shama flexed his hand and twisted his sword into a small unprotected place, sending Basha’s sword flying. 
Basha gasped, shocked at such a trick as Shama pushed him onto the ground, onto his back. Shama moved his sword to Basha’s throat. Basha groaned and wondered if this was the end, if the group was too far away or too busy fighting the other bandits to notice this small scene.
 Shama smiled and lifted his sword, ready to drive it down into Basha, when the sword was suddenly blocked. Shama blinked and lifted his head from Basha’s face to Oaka’s face. He was standing over Basha with his sword locked with Shama’s sword. Oaka swung hard and Shama’s sword went flying as Shama gasped, taking a step back.
Oaka snarled and murmured, “Whoever you are, go now. I’m giving you your life, much less than what you would have given my friend.”
Shama frowned and muttered, “You’re a worm, a peasant, and I would love to see you and your home burn.”
Oaka gasped and nearly charged forward, but Shama was already running off, soon followed by the last four surviving members of his bandit band. He cursed the group that had destroyed his bandits and had shamed him so much as the bandits raced over the hills to disappear from sight. 
Oaka stooped down and helped Basha onto his feet and the two young men smiled at each other as Monika and Jobe walked over, muttering about sore muscles, unaware that Oaka had saved Basha’s life. Fato paused a moment to scan the area before fluttering down from the branch where he had witnessed the whole battle. 
Suddenly, Oaka grabbed the falcon and hoarsely yelled at him about being a coward. Basha, nursing his arm, came over and told Oaka to calm down as he looked at the others, only finding minor wounds on the rest. 
Jobe kicked at the bodies of the robbers, when suddenly, one groaned and opened his eyes. Immediately, they rushed over and surrounded the man, fearful he might try to avenge his friends. 
Basha leaned down and waved his sword in front of the man’s eyes as he whispered, “Tell us now, what was that? Why did you attack?” 
Jobe groaned and lectured, “Basha, the only reason we were chosen was because we looked innocent, fast asleep with all of our stuff all about.” 
Basha shook his head and told Jobe, “No, this can’t be the only reason. Why did those Black Wolves chase us in the forest and what was going on at Eela, with Fobata looking over our shoulders? Something is going on, I know it is.” 
Basha leaned down again and eyed the nervous robber, when suddenly, the robber gasped out, “He offered us…very good. He especially wanted the children…very important. The bird had…information, not to be sent. He insisted that we find…that we find…Ðąǽora’l. Our employer was Lord K…” Then, the man was motionless, struck dead with a look of pure fright on his face. 
Basha turned to Monika with an intrigued look and asked, “What was that word? You probably know the Old Language, right?” 
Monika sighed and answered, “I know some, but I don’t even know what any of those letters meant. It sounded so old, so ancient that only…I just don’t know. The only thing I know is that their employer must have been Lord Fobata. I know it sounded like a K, but he could have disguised his name.” 
The group rested for the rest of the morning as they cleaned up the mess. Monika got out a pack of healing herbs and soon they were all feeling a little better. Basha picked up the weapons from the robbers and found the three swords from Lagotaq that had been too far away to grab for the fight. So our ragged and wearied friends left the fight the victors, for now. 

It was a cold night on the 71st day of the quest, or the 16th day of Mai. Goga looked at his maps and sighed a little. He was still several days from Wana, and for some reason he was a little saddened. 
He had no idea if Lord Pavga of Wana would allow him to take 500 soldiers, since Pavga had never been on really friendly terms with Fobata and himself, so he didn’t know what he would do if he didn’t get those men. Sometimes, Hava came to try and talk to Goga, but he just pushed the young man away. The other problem was money. They were running low on it, and it would be very important to have some during negotiations. 
Suddenly, a sentry rushed in and yelled, “Captain Goga! There are these men, they came asking for the leader, and I don’t know how they sneaked in! They won’t let me see their faces.” 
Goga slowly rose in awe and he saw them. There appeared to be 40 of them, whoever they were, and they all wore black robes. They walked, no, they appeared to float and it was hard to separate the darkness of the night from them, until you noticed their white, thin fingers. 
Goga fell upon his knees, but the leader whispered, “Arise, Captain Goga, faithful Follower of He of the Darkness. I have come in search of you, and My Lord of Darkness has sent me. I am known as Captain Zza of the ancient order of the Ghoulmen. Do you know your mission?” 
Goga rose up and asked, “I know nothing of a mission. But if I might guess, does it mean I proceed with my plans against Fobata?”
Captain Zza nodded, but added, “You are quite wise to guess that, for you must destroy Fobata, for his manner could betray us all if you let him live.” 
Goga blinked and cried, “Kill him? Sir, I know him for the coward that he is, but surely he has done some good in his life for our cause. So perhaps you could see it in your heart to spare him!” 
Captain Zza growled and shouted, “Say not a word more of this madness! Goga, he is too weak! If he was ever given the chance, he would go to the other side in a heartbeat! Besides, to do this would be a sacrifice for you and our Lord will surely give you a reward for this in return, the greatest reward a man like you has ever known!” 
Goga nodded slowly as he sighed and muttered, “Yes, I see the reason of this that you speak of, Captain Zza. My faith and my strength will not waver, sir, as I continue with this path that I have chosen.” 
Zza nodded, and then continued to inform him, “After you have captured Eela and killed Lord Fobata, you must go on down the road, until you reach Coe Kiki. Along the way, gather all men that come to you and conquer all of the cities on your path, so that in this way your strength will grow. 
“Finally, at Kiki, there you will take the throne for yourself. Destroy any that dare to challenge you, and in this you will control all of Arria! This is your mission and whatever happens, do not fear. The men you need shall be given to you and if Fobata dies, you will live forever in the eye of He in Darkness. I go now, but always remember this meeting, Highest Captain Goga.” 
Captain Zza and his men turned about and walked away, until they disappeared into darkness just as soon as they came. But the words echoed throughout Goga’s head. 
Zza turned his head back to the camp and thoughtfully nodded to himself. Goga seemed too willing and too strong, a problem if he managed to wrestle power away from Sonnagh. That would mean he would become king of Arria and if he wanted to, he could turn towards the Wastelands. Could such a man destroy Doomba? However, Zza prayed Goga wouldn’t make it, but who would hear it?

Some days went by and on the 72nd day, the group started to approach the town of Gima. Jobe kept singing day and night and the only person that found peace in his singing was Monika, but she was actually just meditating whenever he sang. 
A good thing was that Jobe had stopped talking in a fancy way, because, as he confided to his new friends, he only talked that way to people he didn’t know very well to impress them. The group decided to travel slow, for Monika had complained about her horse’s pain last time and there was really no logical reason to go fast. 
So the group slowed down and Basha gave up his old hope that they would reach Coe Kiki by the 75th day.  The ground was getting more level though on this 72nd day and they were seeing fewer hills, but in the distance, the shadows of the Tau Mountains were starting to rise higher. The nights were cold and the group huddled close together, but Basha noticed something was wrong. 
On the first night after leaving Jawa, Basha noticed that Monika moaned, groaned, and shook in her sleep. At first, he just thought it was because she was just getting used to sleeping on the ground all over again and for the past two nights, he credited her restlessness from the robbers’ attack, yet it had to be more than this.
So when he asked after the second night, she said, “I have had many bad dreams of mice in a bowl that looks very safe, but a cat is on the other side.” 
Basha thought for a moment and laughed. Monika growled and walked back to Deja in a huff. Basha tried to talk to her later on, but she didn’t speak. 
Even today, she only talked to him in a cold tone to pass her a rabbit leg at breakfast. He had muttered to himself as he passed the food and then frowned as she delicately touched the food, as if checking to see if he had done anything to it while it had been in his hands. 
Basha had gotten up then, to stomp away and put the saddle on his horse. As he strapped on the saddle, he was still grumbling, yet he didn’t feel mad at her. For some reason, he was mad at himself, but how could that be? 
Basha had paused and looked off towards Monika, as strange thoughts entered his mind. He suddenly gasped as her head turned towards him and he bent down to finish tying the saddle on, trying to tell himself that this whole thing was nonsense. 
Anyway, the day had rushed by and the group was now happily joking amongst each other as they entered a narrow valley. Hills surrounded them on all sides with a narrow path going between the hills. The path was very old and showed traces of use, including deep ruts. The hills stretched high up and if they were a little taller, they could be mountains. Basha made a note that there seemed to be no way out of the hills besides the path they were on. Monika darted her head back and forth like a little, scared rabbit. 
Fato cocked his head as he turned to look at her and then whispered to Jobe, “What’s the matter with her? According to Basha, we should be in Gima in about an hour or so and she should be happy! Was she acting this way earlier?” 
Jobe thought for a minute and whispered, “No, she just started this when we came into the valley. I’m just as bewildered as you are.” Fato thought about it for a minute, but then he froze all of a sudden. 
He looked around and said to himself, “Where are the birds? Where is the sound of their sweet song? I haven’t seen a single messenger all day long. It seems like we are the only animals around here.” 
Fato twisted his head from the hills, to Monika, to the empty trees and back to the hills. Fato shuddered and screeched! 
All of the group members turned their heads in time to see Fato take flight and he cried, “The hills! They are in the hills!” 
Basha groaned, wondering if there were more robbers, but he learned it was much worse than this. Suddenly, a loud howl was heard and many more answered. The horses neighed and bucked, nearly knocking off their passengers. Basha quickly calmed Talan down and turned to see where the wolves were. 
He saw the wolves slowly climb up to the top of the hills and he saw more gather at the only exits out of the valley. The wind blew and ruffled the wolves’ black furs and he heard many growls and thought he could see some saliva around the mouths of many of them. 
Oaka’s eyes scanned the valley and he whispered, “We’re all surrounded. Quick, grab the weapons. A fight’s about to start.” 
Monika pulled out her crossbow, with the Blue Sword from Lagotaq attached to her belt. Oaka touched the Red Sword in his sheath lightly, while Basha had his hand hovering above the Black Sword, wondering why he was so nervous, why he didn’t feel like touching it. Jobe sat on Quint, staring at them curiously, for his companions were acting so strangely because of their swords. 
The black wolves howled and Basha saw their red eyes grow bright. Fato was still high up in the air, but he still circled the group, wondering if he should save himself or go back down to die with the others. For now, Fato hovered high above them and Oaka muttered dark threats about Fato being a coward. 
Monika scanned about, her hands gripping her crossbow, and Basha and Oaka followed her example. Only Jobe stood still, for his weapons were for only close battle, but he still gripped the hilt of his sword. The wolves howled and the three archers let their arrows fly, getting two wolves by the throats while Oaka got one in the eye. 
The wolves growled and walked with menace down the hill, while Monika automatically let more arrows fly in different directions, causing the head wolf to howl for the wolves to run. The large pack of wolves trotted and then galloped down the hill, while many wolves fell on every side of the pack, but none paid any heed. 
Jobe muttered and moaned, whispering to himself, “I’m an artist, not a warrior, I’m an artist, not a warrior, I’m an artist…oh, I hope I don’t get sick again.”
Basha paused and watched mesmerized as the wolves howled and grouped together. Soon, Basha couldn’t tell where one wolf began and another ended, but he still made a guess and let his arrow fly. 
Suddenly, as Monika reached backward to grab an arrow from the quiver, she found herself touching air and the boys felt the same about a few minutes later. If they had taken the time to count, they would have known at first there were 121 wolves, but now there were 60, but nevertheless, they were still very much outnumbered. Monika took a breath as she flexed her muscles, Basha and Oaka grabbed their daggers and Jobe gripped his hilt even tighter. 
Fato screeched a loud warning, “Watch out, for I am watching you, wolves! I am an ally of every bird and they will come to help get rid of you pesky fur balls!” 
None of the wolves stopped to paid heed and Fato franticly cried out for help, but all of the birds had fled and none were close enough to quickly give aid. However, a few ravens and crows offered to clean what remained of the picked bones. 
Below, a wolf got close enough to jump at Monika, but she gave him a kick in the ribs, which knocked him down. Oaka saw a wolf looking at him and he pulled out the Red Sword when a miracle occurred. For at that moment, a red orb appeared from the sword point. It was a perfect red oval that blazed and flared. Waves of electricity flowed through the ball, causing it to ripple. 
The wolf howled as red flame burned him into ash. Fato screeched in horror and Oaka stared at the sword. He dropped the sword, backed away, and threw up in disgust. 
He shouted, “This sword is cursed, for it must be with such powers!”
 Yet Monika reached for the Blue Sword at her belt and pulled it out, causing it to glow with a brightness that blinded them. She heaved the sword into the air and spun it about in a circle. All of a sudden, the world around Jobe, Oaka, Basha and Monika turned blue, but everyone else saw something different. 
Fato screeched as the blue orb grew bigger, surrounding everything within it and whenever a wolf got near, he just jumped away as blue flame shot out to grab him. Basha stared at the curtain of blue ripples and waves. For one horrible moment, he felt like touching this strange substance, but Jobe saw Basha’s movements and stopped him. 
Jobe whispered, “Don’t you dare! You saw what that evil sword did to that wolf!” 
Monika kept the sword up, while the young men silently stared in awe and horror at the sword and orb. The sword stayed bright, but Monika looked as if she was in pain. Basha soon realized that her eyes were changing the same way they changed by the fire. Basha took a step toward her to help her, but the sword grew brighter and he quickly took a step back in fear. 
Fato yelled, “Let me in there, guys! Hey, what’s going on?” Yet, his voice came to them from what seemed like a far-off place and Basha thought that Fato yelled, “Lemons, guys! Hey, get on!” 
Monika suddenly whispered some strange words and the orb grew brighter. The wolves closed their eyes as a bright light bathed them and Fato stared in horror at what looked liked another sun. 
At first, a ripple of sound spread forth from the orb to a circumference of two miles. The wolves howled at the loud sound and Fato wanted to cover his ears. Then the orb grew brighter, so that the wolves had to close their eyes. Then the bright light spread and a large blast burned everything within sight! 
The wolves were blasted into pieces and the force of the blast threw Fato a mile away. The tops of the hills were gone and not one tree stood in the valley. All that seemed to remain was the orb and it soon blinked out of sight as the sword dropped and Monika fainted. 
Night started to approach as Fato limped across the sky to what remained of the valley. He landed on the scorched branch of the only tree and shuddered in disgust. Then, he saw the fire and flew over there, where he saw the rest of the group. He looked at Basha, Oaka, and Jobe as they stared blankly into the fire and then at Monika fast asleep in her bedroll. 
Fato landed on Basha’s shoulder and squawked, “What happened? All I saw was you fighting, then the orb, and then the bright light before I was blown a mile away like a leaf! Can anyone explain this?” 
Jobe shook as he pointed at the blue sword and whispered, “That horrible thing made the blue fire and Monika was urging it along. I have absolutely no clue about why she reached for it. After the boom, she fainted and the orb was gone. We’re waiting for her to get up and explain her reason.” Fato nodded as Oaka stirred the embers of the fire. Suddenly, there came a moan and they looked up as Monika sat up. 
She whispered, “Oh, great Za, what did I just do?” 
Basha shrugged and said, “I’m not sure, but we thought you would know why.” 
She fluttered her eyes and mumbled, “I’m starving. Do you have anything cooking?” Oaka grabbed a bowl of rice, which he gave to Monika to gobble down. 
Monika looked at the swords in a pile nearby and she whispered, “Do you remember what Lagotaq said to us? I believe that it was no mistake that he gave us these swords and that the other two have as much or more power than the blue sword. Wow! To think what they could have done or their power! Say, do you think someone in Gima could be a Master of Magic?” 
Oaka said, “A Master of Magic? Living in a small, lonely town like Gima in the hills? I think if I was a Master, I would probably be living like a king in Kiki or Anji!” 
Monika answered, “What do you know about them anyway? I heard tell that most Masters do not wish to be bothered, so they live like hermits. I think I also heard about a Master living there, but I’m not sure exactly if the Master is still alive.”
Monika just went on and on about the Masters, how they were created to teach the Gifted Ones how to use their power or control the natural balance of magic and nature. They had sworn to use their power for good, although tales had told of Masters turning evil and how Doomba was once a Master. 
Magic was mostly gone from Arria, although some people still had the gift, but only used it for basic things, like lighting candles. It seemed that the only people to have the Gift in these times were Zariens, which made Basha think that Monika probably had the Gift herself.  She talked on and on, until the night moved on and she fell asleep. 
The next day on the 73rd day of the Great Quest and the 19th day of Mai, the group entered the town of Gima. It was a simple town, with several shops, a blacksmith, a carpenter, a hotel and such. The population numbered about a hundred or so, with most living up in the hills. 
Basha was in the lead of the group and Monika followed, with the swords in her lap. Jobe was tuning his lute with Fato watching him on his shoulder. Oaka followed, trying to get rid of a bee that was flying around him. Basha halted at the blacksmith in the hopes that he had lots of arrows, while Monika looked around. 
A boy was standing nearby, looking at the girl and Monika waved him over. He smiled as he walked over and said, “Lady, what can I do for you? Shall I carry your packs?” 
Monika shook her head and asked, “Little boy, have you heard of a Master living nearby?” 
The boy thought and said, “Master? Do you mean that hermit up on the mountain who makes loud booms almost every hour?” 
Monika whispered, “Booms? I’m not sure, but I guess that’s him. Which mountain is he on?” 
The boy was about to answer, but he stopped for a moment and waited. Monika thought this was odd, until suddenly, the ground beneath her shook and Deja nervously stepped back. Oaka wasn’t so lucky and landed on his bottom, which later was very sore. 
The boy said, “That’s the boom I was talking about. He lives on Stove Hill, but I can’t come with you, because Mommy taught me never to go up there. She says the booms are much worse over there.” He pointed out the hill, which was only about 2 miles away, and ran off. 
Basha came running out of the blacksmith, saying, “I just got our arrows when I felt that earthquake. I tried talking to the blacksmith about a Master, but he kept yelling about the crazy old guy and he told me to never go up there. Sadly, he didn’t say where I should never go. Did you have any luck?”
Monika nodded and pointed to Stove Hill, saying, “Some little boy told me that a ‘hermit’ lives up there and he says the booms get worse when you get closer, so I bet that is the place. You know, that boy sure reminded me about little Gnat. How do you suppose he’s doing?” 
Basha shrugged and sighed as Oaka yelped when the bee stung him on his sore butt. 

Gnat took a deep breath and stepped outside. The courtyard was silent, of course, and he quietly started to drum out the beat on his drum. The lessons had been quite short and he could barely keep up a good rhythm, but it would serve well enough for them. 
Behind him, the men among the servants started to gather, mainly armed with old swords and spears that had been stolen from the storage rooms. They were soon followed by the women and children, who silently walked out as they kept an eye on the men. As Gnat continued to play the drums, guards started to appear and they stood there, watching this bewildering sight. 
Juna was in the lead, and when he got into the courtyard, he shouted, “Open the gates and let us walk out!” 
On top of the high tower, Fobata looked down in shock as he saw a wave of servants cross the yard. He turned to a messenger and shouted, “What do they think they’re up to? Tell the guards to attack if necessary and find out what is going on!” The messenger raced down to the captain of the guards in the courtyard, and the man nodded as he turned to the servants. All mainly stood there, nervously looking about, but Juna stood strong, a true sign of experience.
The captain said, “What is this? What is going on?” 
Juna yelled, “We’re walking! We’re walking all the way to Kiki, if we have to! 
The servants walked towards the gates and the captain shouted, “Attack! Attack the men, but leave the children!”
Juna shouted, “Women and children, get behind us!” Gnat stayed where he was, but Juna pushed him back and told him, “You’re a good and brave kid, but you’re too young for this.” Gnat was shocked, but he just grumbled as he moved to the back. 
Some of the guards lifted their swords, but most of them nervously looked down at the ground. Most of the guards had once been servants, or their parents had been servants of Coe Eela. The guards that charged killed a few men, but their fellow solider wrenched the swords away from their hands. 
A few soldiers even joined the ranks of the servants! Fobata was soon running over, huffing and puffing, across the lot in his green robe. When he finally came, he watched as the last crowd of servants walked out of the gates, with Gnat among them as he drummed out the beat.
He shouted, “Stop them! I order you in the name of your master, the great Lord Fobata, to stop!” 
Gnat stopped to yell, “Great? Great? You’re a sniveling coward and you have no right to be lord! I say good day to you, sir!” 
Fobata was flabbergasted and shocked to hear such words. Gnat raced out of the gates, blushing at what he had done, yet he felt exhilarated as he rushed to catch up to the long line of rebellious servants. 
Fobata just stared stupidly as the last servant closed the gate. Then a minute later, Fobata yelled, “I don’t need you and I bid you a good day!” Fobata stopped and looked around, then timidly walked to the door to the great dinning hall, hoping that the servants had made lunch before they had left.
Meanwhile, Jobe muttered as a string broke from his lute, after all the work he did tuning it. He was sitting on Quint as she followed the other horses, Deja, Joko, and Talan, up the Stove Hill. Fato was off talking to a sparrow while Oaka scratched his bottom, which had gone through the torments of getting stung by a bee and falling on the hard ground. 
Monika was looking around and Basha looked at the brown house that was coming closer and closer. At last, they were at the door of the house and they got off, when the door flew open and the Master came walking out. He had short, tangled white hair, an unkempt look about him that made him appear to just be any old hermit, which he wasn’t. He examined them with his brown eyes.
The man nodded and said, “Know why you are here, so no need to explain it to me. You are Monika right? Or are you Fato? Personally, I think it’s very confusing.” 
Basha shook his head, a little dumbstruck, but said, “No, I’m Basha. Anyway, since you know why we’re here, can you take a look at the swords and tell us what they’re about?” 
The Master said, “Simple enough. No need to follow me, I’ll just go get what you need. I searched all night and I was very lucky to find it when I did.” 
The Master walked off and several minutes later, he came back with a book. Basha had never seen a book before, unless you counted Monika’s journal. It was very old and small, with scribbles and strange shapes. The book was titled, The Book of Magical Items and Their Properties. The Master cleared his throat and recited:
The Swords of Corr, member of the Knights of Arria.
According to ancient legends, the Knights of Arria were sent by the Cloud-Rulers to control Doomba’s reign of terror. They are mostly thought to be 30 blonde-headed young demigods and most commoners usually don’t think that the Knights had names, but they did. 
One knight most scholars believe actually did exist was Corr. He was supposedly a squire to one of the Knights, but after saving his master’s life, he became a Knight himself. He is also thought of to be the Knight that was left behind when the others left. Not only did he contribute Pidaria and Tau’s Cup to the people of Arria, but he also gave out 10 swords that originally belonged to the Knights themselves. 
They come in many colors and it is mainly believed that they have different powers, such as magic or healing, powers that are considered the powers of nature herself. One of the most powerful of them is the Black Sword, or the death sword, which is thought of to have enough power as to destroy all of Arria, but of course no one truly knows if this is true. It is still unknown where the swords lie, but some speculate that several Coes in the Popo Hills or Tau Valley regions may be likely candidates as the final resting-place of the Swords of Corr. See: Knights of Arria; for more information. 
The Master cleared his breath and shut the book. Monika nodded and asked, “Do the swords work for everyone or only the Gifted?” 
The Master said, “As far as anyone knows, only the Knights were really able to touch them, but perhaps anyone could. You have the black sword of Death itself, the red sword of Fire and the blue sword of Water. The most important thing is never take the sword out of its sheath, unless you know how to use it properly. If you do so without proper knowledge, it could suck the life or magic out of you. 
“Another thing is the Blue sword can be used as a healing device, since water is usually thought to have healing properties. Also, try to be specific with how much power you want to use. You can command the sword to cover you, shoot at an enemy, cover your army, destroy a town, and there is also the whole cover/shoot thing, which I think you did yesterday.” 
The Mater laughed. “Everyone in Gima felt it, but luckily they thought it was just me making more booms, or else they would be lamenting that the end is near. Oh, great Tau! Such superstitious people these townfolks are.”
Oaka nodded and said, “Yeah, I bet. Anyway, I was just curious about something. Is it true Tau’s Cup has great powers?” 
Basha yelled, “Oaka! We don’t need to know anything about it!” 
The Master sighed and said, “Yes, it has the power to create, protect, destroy, and possibly to resurrect, but I’m not saying that it has no price for such power. The best thing to do is show it to your friends back home to show that you did it and then to throw it into the ocean. You probably will be tempted to use it, but think nothing about it. Men will always be tempted to use it if they get their hands on it. Anyway, I wish you all good luck on your quest and I’m glad to help you.” 
The Master bowed, and the horses with our heroes rode away. Oaka sighed and said, “Throw the Cup into the ocean? For all of our luck, it will probably float.” Basha laughed and raced off down the hill, to pick a nice spot to camp, with Oaka and Jobe racing after them. 
Monika paused to go to the Master and say, “Sir, we thank you for your wisdom and I hope we may someday meet again.” 
The man shook his head and said, “You personally won’t meet me again, but then again, you may meet another form of me. Please go now.” Monika was a bit puzzled about what he meant by the other form, but she still clicked her heels and Deja rode off after the boys and their horses.
 
Chapter 7: Shadows and Kiki’s Arrivals
It was around noon on the 74th day of the Great Quest and the 20th day of Mai when the people of Coe Wana barely glanced up from their work to study the small group of soldiers that rode through the city. They had seen many soldiers pass through before, all in the service of Lord Pavga, so they suspected nothing of the true leadership behind this patrol. 
Captain Goga reined in his horse in front of the city’s castle and dismounted, handing the reins of his horse to a servant that came out when the gates had been opened. Hava nearly jumped off of his horse as he followed Goga, the scribe writing in a rush as he followed his leader, although the other soldiers remained behind in the belief that Goga would work better with Lord Pavga alone. 
By the time Goga and Hava had crossed the courtyard, a servant awaited them at the front door. He set off as their guide as soon as he learned of their desire to see the lord. The servant led them through winding halls and up one flight of stairs before he finally paused in front of a door, opened it to let the guests enter, and then closed it behind them. 
Goga and Hava, who had only expected to meet with Lord Pavga, were slightly surprised to see the man surrounded by other people. Lord Pavga was almost bald and the few wisps of hair were pure white at his age of 60 years as he glared at them with dark eyes. 
However, Lord Pavga was distracted from giving much attention to the two newcomers with his argument between his two grandsons, so he sent them to their father. Sitting nearby was an old man and another small boy, although the old man was lecturing the boy instead of playing with him and the boy seemed quite distracted. 
Lord Pavga looked up and queried, “Morning, Goga, how’s your older brother? Doing well?”
Goga growled and muttered, “Yes, I suppose, although I am here to make sure that such a thing doesn’t last long. However, Pavga, I received some news of your older brother from Fobata.”
Pavga growled and mumbled, “Oh, sure, retaliate with such a remark about Lord ‘K’! I don’t see why he has to have a secret name for us to call him by as if we don’t already have systems in place to stop eavesdroppers! Anyway, I don’t want to hear about Lord K. Let’s hear about you.”
Hava looked up from his writing and told Pavga, “I’m afraid to say, my lord, that manners dictate you have a little more small talk before Goga starts asking you for aid against Fobata. Maybe you could introduce me, a poor and simple scribe named Hava, to the men in the room, since I am not so familiar with these people as Goga.”
Pavga frowned and waved his hand behind him toward his son and grandsons as he told Hava, “That big fellow is my son, Chihon. He lost his wife not too long ago. Reason for that is pretty much right in front of him everyday, really. As you can tell, these are his sons and my grandsons, Hamil and Cica. Hamil is about 15 years old, a strapping boy about ready to bust loose from us, while Cica is 10 and still needs some help before he becomes a productive member of this family. Over there, you see my stepbrother Ikla, by my stepmother, and his grandson named Bolo who is also 10 years old. Is that enough small talk for you?”
Hava frowned and asked, “Not yet. If Ikla is just the grandfather of Bolo, what happened to his offspring that produced this child?”
Pavga nodded and shouted, “Hey, Ikla, what’s the name of your daughter, I forgot!”
Ikla waved his hand and screeched, “Her name I will not utter. She shamed me by running off with some idiot and having a son like his father before she died!” 
Bolo, sitting at Ikla’s feet, gasped and shivered, but the boy said nothing against such words about his mother. Hava frowned and shook his head, muttering to himself about this family, but Goga ignored him as he smiled at Lord Pavga. 
Pavga scowled and yelled, “Out with it, tell me what that man meant when he mentioned soldiers!” 
Goga sighed and muttered, “Well, Pavga, that’s the way of it. I need as many soldiers as possible please. Fobata is a nuisance to us all, being the coward that he is who might expose us, and I am also thinking about dealing with Coe Kiki after Fobata is done with.”
Chihon, who had joined them while Goga was talking, frowned and said, “Goga, whatever your troubles with Fobata, I am unsure we should be involved. It would be horrendous for you to do such a thing to your brother, despite all of the trouble that he causes us. I mean, my father hates Lord K, but even he wouldn’t kill his brother!”
Pavga slowly nodded and explained, “Well, my son has a point in that area, despite mentioning that hateful Lord K who is my brother. Besides, I don’t know about your plan. There’s too many things that could go wrong, there’s too much that could trace this to the secrets that we don’t want to expose to the light of day.”
Ikla turned his head towards the conversation and shouted, “Pavga, I am ashamed of you! Cut the talk, it was only yesterday that you were insulting Fobata. Besides, we have had many plans like this in the past that involved so much risk with the detection of the source, but all of the plans that we have made before now have failed. 
“Many plans were made, but were discarded in the face of cruel reality. Other plans failed early on in development, with some details unable to be worked out. The few plans that nearly succeeded were deterred through betrayal or royal vigil, but luckily, we had laid enough false trails to never be caught. Perhaps now we may succeed. I feel a change in the air, perhaps a sign from Doomba, that we must support Goga.”
Goga smiled at what Ikla said and turned to Pavga and Chihon with pleading eyes, but they were still quite stern. Goga softly sighed as he realized that this was just the beginning of the arguments so that he might receive some of Pavga’s soldiers. Hava and Goga sat down in armchairs to relax, with Hava scribbling down all of the details, as Goga fiercely launched into the first day of debate despite his knowledge of the difficulties ahead.

Night came on the 78th day and the group was looking down a steep hill into the Tau Valley. Basha looked down and saw the flat valley, interrupted only by small woods and towns. In the distance, he can almost see the Great River and if he squinted, Basha thought he could see the mountain pass known as Dragon’s Teeth. 
Jobe tuned his harp and played a simple chord, before he was satisfied with it. Oaka sighed and hoped that Jobe’s singing would be a little bit better than the night before. The group gathered together around the fire, as Jobe started another tale from the Old Chronicles about Tau’s Cup.
“‘Many a-year ago, or so I’ve been told, the Knights left this land. They told one boy named Corr, once a-squire and now a-Knight, to stay behind and keep watch on Arria. To help, the Knights gave Corr the Cup, the Swords, and the Crown of Arria. 
‘Corr waved farewell and set off to the south to choose a- place for his home. He found a-perfect spot, between two waterfalls and in a-perfect valley. Corr called from the Cup several hundred makers and creators of stones. 
‘He told them to build in the spot and that is what they a-did. They made a-castle so large and tall! A-golden castle, yes it was! Then, they made a-city for themselves, a-city that surrounded the great palace! 
‘Corr was proud and he a-called this perfect coe, the Coe Pidaria, which meant ‘heaven-in-Arria’. Why, indeed, it was heaven! He called all the people of Arria to come and they did. In front of them all, he showed them the Crown of Arria and all bowed down, showering their loyalty upon their new king! 
‘Many a-more years passed and Corr got a-wife and a-son. Meanwhile, Doomba in the northern forest decided to go and destroy Pidaria! Off he a-rode, with his Immortals, terrible creatures, evil lords, and demigods with strange powers! 
‘He rode to the south, but King Corr heard of his approach. So using the Swords, he made a-shield to cover Pidaria, so no Immortal or Doomba could get in or out, but it is said that only a few could pass through. Corr secretly sent his son, the good Prince Marvola far away, to the place that would be Coe Kiki. 
‘When he found the shield, Doomba went into a-rage! He made a-castle north of Pidaria, waiting for the shield to wear down with time. Soon, the land turned into a-wasteland, but only Pidaria remained untouched. 
‘Most of the Great Creatures lived in the land behind Dragon’s Teeth, but they were killed by the Immortals. Many Servants tried to leave the Orb for help, but Immortals caught them outside and killed them! So, Pidaria lies in wait, for the day when Doomba is dead. Praise Arria!’”
The group clapped and the group headed to bed. Oaka stopped for a moment as he looked at the Swords of Arria. He touched his sword, the Red Sword and, curious to know what would happen, he reached down and touched the Black Sword with a finger, for just one instance. Then he yelped and quickly stuck it into his mouth. 
Jobe looked up and asked, “What happened?” 
Oaka cried, “It stung me! Why did it sting me?” 
Fato squawked, “Maybe you shouldn’t touch it. Maybe only one of us can touch each Sword. I mean, you’ve got the Red Sword, Monika has the Blue, and Basha has the Black Sword. But then again, what do I know about enchanted swords? What’s so magical about a talking falcon? Ask Monika.” 
Monika shrugged and Oaka went to his mat to fall asleep and nurse his stinging finger. Basha, meanwhile, was restless for awhile. His eyes wandered over to the Black Sword, wondering if he really was stuck with it. He shivered for a moment, thinking about it. 
The Black Sword of death, the one that contained the most power of them all. How could he control that thing, when he hardly knew a thing about magic? Monika certainly couldn’t help him if she couldn’t even touch it without getting stung herself. The thoughts swept through his mind for a long while, until he fell into a troubled sleep.
Meanwhile, many miles away, there was a pit that went down 3 miles into the dirt. A sloping bridge went downward, angling from the top of the pit to a cliff on the right, then another slope heading left and downward, then another going right and downward, and so on. There were even a few rope ladders, but most of the creatures in this pit didn’t have the capability to climb up the rope ladders. 
Here, in the darkest reaches of the pit, time stretched on and light was so little that the sun now looked like it was the size of a penny. Giant monsters known as Trollas, mindless creatures that were 8 feet tall with great big gray skin that made them all look like giant boulders, snapped their long whips onto the backs of slaves like overseers. 
The slaves were strange and numerous, but hardly any of them were human. There were strange and colorful birds, using their beaks like shovels as they scooped up dirt. In this crowd, a strong, young centaur swung a pick at the dirt wall, although he occasionally risked his life to sneer at the Trollas when they weren’t looking in his direction. However, this was just a spiteful action of youth and most of the elder creatures had thrown away such rage years ago for despair. 
Beside him, a white unicorn that now looked brown was digging in the dirt, using her beautiful hooves. However, she tripped over a rock and remained lying in the dirt for awhile until one of the overseer Trollas forced her onto her hooves. 
Even more Trollas were working alongside these creatures, but they could leave and go to primitive stone houses at the end of the day, while other creatures had to go sleep in dirt caves at the bottom of the pit. Gruelmoffs oversaw the ramps and ladders to make sure no one ever made a run for freedom. Just in case they tried, the gruelmoffs had beaks that were as sharp as a knife and used to pierce the skin of the unfortunate victim. 
The slave creatures would sometimes gather in the darkness, when the light of the moon could only penetrate in a few places, and they would talk. One old unicorn named Jumha would sometimes speak of the tales of the gods and heroes, mainly because everyone needed to be reminded that there once was a time that their kinds had once been free. The gruelmoffs and Trollas for the most part ignored them during this time, for the belief that hopeful slaves wouldn’t rebel so easily. 
Jumha would sometimes say, “Remember, my brothers and sisters of hardship, think not that help for us will never come. For, it has been written in the stars, that when the gruelmoffs cry and when ice conquers fire and when the great battle is fought, we will rise up and be remembered!” 
They cheered and prepared for sleep. Jumha sighed and wearily lifted his head high above and squinted, until he saw the first stars of the night. The light reflected off of his horn as Jumha neighed softly, recalling how the stars always seemed so far away down here in the Pits where he had wasted most of his life. 
Jumha whispered, “Will it be tomorrow? Will I see this day? I will never know, probably. Are you up there, Tau? I hope that if you are, you remember us, down here.” Jumha quietly shook his head and headed for his cave as the stars shimmered down upon the strange shadows of the Wastelands, yet even the shadows soon had to surrender to the darkness. 
Darkness covered everything and the shadows ran rampant, fleeing from the deep darkness for the shadows needed light and there was none here. The wind screamed bloody murder and the howls of unknown creatures could be heard. The trees were not numerous and of poor health, with bare branches stretching upwards like fingers, with no grass and nothing but dirt in his sight. 
A dark shape loomed above this landscape and suddenly, there was a throne room, a poor room indeed for a king. The pictures on the wall were shredded and it was cold, cold as the heart of the ‘king’ that sat in the shadows. A black ivory throne was at the far end of the hall and someone was sitting on it. The person leaned forward and a black cloak covered his face. 
He whispered, “You fight me, young one, which I find very pathetic. I cannot see you, but I know that wherever you are, this shall reach you. Why can’t I see you, is it because of who you are? Oh, I will learn more of this when we meet soon and I welcome this meeting. 
“I know of what you have. You have the Swords, well, three of them at least. They are the only ones that can destroy any shield made by its brother swords and I want them. You will give them to me or I will force you. Whichever way you choose, little bug. I’m always here, waiting…waiting…” 
He gave an evil laugh and Basha screamed at this nightmare, not knowing why he was so frightened, but terrified nonetheless. However, from faraway, he heard a voice call his name and woke up in the camp set up last night. With the sun high in the sky, he knew that it was now the 83rd day since he left and the 28th day of Mai, but he couldn’t help recalling the darkness of the strange place in his nightmare. 
Monika looked at him and she whispered, “Basha, what was it? You know, I’ve heard that it is a good idea to always tell someone about your dreams.”
Basha shook his head and whispered, “It was nothing and nothing is what it will remain.” 
Monika shrugged and left him sitting there, rubbing his mother’s locket in nervousness. Later that day, the group stopped and stared upward at the wall surrounding Coe Kiki, where King Sonnagh ruled all of Arria. 
Fato sighed and screeched, “Home sweet home! I love this town! I love the people, and they love me!” Oaka laughed at such words and then had to duck before Fato could peck him. 
Jobe looked around and cried, “Ah, sweet Kiki! We finally meet! They call this the greatest city, although I bet it’s nothing to what Pidaria was! King Marvola, as you know from the stories, really picked a good place to build this city and he called it Kiki after his sweet mother. 
“If I recall correctly, that was about 2,700 years ago or so and King Sonnagh is the 89th king of Arria. I believe he has a son by the name of Womba, about 28 years old, I have heard. Anyway, that’s all I really know about Kiki. Does anyone else know anything about Kiki?” 
Everyone grew quiet, except for Fato, who shouted, “I know Kiki! Heck, I was practically raised here!”
Monika whispered, “Well, it seems like only Fato can find us an inn.” 
Fato ruffled his feathers as the gates to the city opened, admitting them inside within a large crowd of people, wagons, and animals. Once they were through the threshold into Kiki, the group immediately became lost in an even larger sea of flesh and blood. 
Oaka pushed past several vendors as he yelled, “Out of my way, idiots, please! Some of us have places to go!” 
Suddenly, he crashed into some tough looking fellows. Oaka ran past them and crashed into an even bigger group of guys. Oaka slowly backed away, before running off. 
Nearby, Monika shook at the sight before she turned to the falcon on her shoulder and said, “Fato! Do you know where the nearest inn is?” 
Fato looked around and screeched, “I think it’s…actually, I don’t know!” 
 Monika frowned and cried, “What do you mean you don’t know? Were you raised in Kiki or not?” 
 Fato glanced down at his claws, slightly abashed as he told her, “Yes, I was. Sadly, I spent most of my time in Kiki inside the castle. The only time I was in the city of Kiki itself, I was flying over it, back and forth as I delivered my messages.” 
 “Well, since you know the sky above Kiki so much, fly up and see if you can’t spot an inn or our friends!” 
Fato flew above the crowd to search, but Monika was pushed and shoved by the crowd, until she had to move with the flow. Fato panicked when he couldn’t see Monika. He took a deep breath as he flew to a nearby tower and looked down on the crowd. He spotted Jobe and Oaka heading underneath a canopy, while Basha was trying to get away from an incessantly aggressive vendor. He looked and finally spotted Monika, who was looking around. 
He shouted, “Monika! Basha! Canopy! Head there!” 
The last two members of the group heard and saw the canopy. They raced over there after they saw Fato fly underneath it. It was actually the cover of an outside café and the three people saw Jobe and Oaka sitting at a nearby table. There they gathered and waited for the crowd to slow down, which eventually happened within an hour. They walked for a while and found the perfect inn where Basha signed in.
That afternoon, the group followed Fato towards the castle, because Fato said that he had to give his reports to the king. The guards almost stopped them at the gate leading into the palace grounds, but at the sight of Fato and of Basha holding the tattered remains of a flag bearing the king’s symbol, they let the group pass by with a stiff salute. Inside, everyone halted as they looked around the palace grounds, noticing the majesty of the palace as well as the immense size. 
The palace was many stories high, perhaps over 10 stories even when you didn’t count the towers or a few levels below ground dedicated to the dungeons and storerooms. High walls surrounded the palace and its grounds, although on two sides, the back and the right wings, the palace was right up against a corner of the wall that surrounded the entire city. 
The other two sides of the grounds were protected by an entirely different wall that formed it all into a large square. Besides the palace, the grounds contained many gardens and a cemetery, as well as several buildings like the barracks, a detached kitchen, some sheds, and the stables. There were two gates into the premises, the main gate that they had gone through, and a smaller gate at the back where most deliveries were received. 
Beyond the gate they entered, they walked across a stone driveway for carriages and wagons and climbed the tall steps as a pair of butlers opened the two large wooden doors of the palace. Fato flew into a long hallway, filled with bright windows, tapestries, and a fireplace or two. They came to a tall doorway and servants opened them to reveal the throne room. 
Along the two sides were two long tables, filled with many people eating lunch. The carpet was purple and in the middle was a long line of red carpet, leading all the way to the throne on the far side of the throne room. 
On it, Sonnagh sat proudly, watching everything. His hair was starting to turn white, but you could tell that it once had been blonde and long. His arms were muscular, but he was starting to gain some pounds.  He proudly wore the great Crown of Arria, with a holly branch hanging in the middle. By his right, on a throne set slightly lower than his father’s, the young prince Womba sat, with bright blue eyes and flowing golden hair, and a bored look on his face.
Fato squawked and flew over the heads of the courtiers towards the king. He stopped about a foot or two away and screeched, “Greetings, o, great King of Arria! I am your loyal messenger, Fato.” 
Sonnagh smiled and said, “I know who you are, little bird. Who are your friends, pray tell?” 
Basha bowed and said, “Your Majesty, I am Basha, the leader of my group, who is on a quest. The young lady is Monika, the one with the lute is Jobe, and the funny looking one is my brother and friend, Oaka.” Oaka pinched Basha, but before he could counterattack, Sonnagh held up his hands. 
He turned to Fato again and said, “Good bird, tell me of all you have heard and seen.” 
Fato bowed and said, “Your Highness, I have gathered a large amount of news of the lands to the east. Pakka wishes to extend a peace treaty to Arria, in the hopes that you will forgive them for supporting the Water Wars. 
“Their agreements are that half of the disputed land known as the Za Desert shall be given to you and the other half to Pakka. However, the Zariens wish the desert to remain intact, belonging to one of you or no one at all. They will give the Desert to the country that will allow them to stay on.” A rush of people stood up, yelling their support or protesting against this action. The ambassador from Pakka started waving his hands in the direction of the Zarien ambassadors.
Sonnagh shouted, “Peace, we must not discuss such matters now! When they leave, we shall talk freely, but now I must hear my messenger.” 
Sonnagh nodded and Fato continued, “Mirandor also has several plans to help create peace between the two of us, so they have made several offers. One part of the plan is that they offer a young Lady Mina as a possible suitor for Prince Womba. She is a close cousin to the new King Bivron of Mirandor, sworn into his post earlier this year, a good choice for keeping our alliance with that kingdom.”
Womba groaned and said, “Father, please don’t tell me you’ll say yes to that! I’ve already been subjected to all of these courtships that never go anywhere! Can’t I just choose someone on my own?”
Sonnagh answered, “If you did something like that, you would never get married! You’re already 28 years old. It’s about time we found someone for you! Just consider this Lady Mina for now, okay? We’ll talk about this in a moment. Now, Fato, I’m curious about my own land. Is there any news from the southern borders?” 
Fato replied, “There has been increased worries over Trolla attacks and Ghoulmen have been spotted on the road to Wana, one of the suspected cities containing Followers of the Dark One.” Fato bowed and walked backwards.
Sonnagh nodded, when suddenly a courtier sitting at a nearby table stood up and Basha suddenly realized that this man was a Zarien like Monika. The Zarien man inquired, “Your Majesty, may I speak?” 
Sonnagh answered, “I suppose so. You are?” 
 He bowed and replied, “I am Jai-Kan, the Win of the Red Hammer Tribe of the Za Desert.” 
Basha recalled hearing the name of the Red Hammer not too long ago, when Monika had told him about the tribes, but he didn’t know anything about the title of ‘Win’. He looked over at Monika to ask her about it, but then he saw her shaking in her boots as she stared at the Win. 
 Jai-Kan bowed his head and queried, “Young lady, are you Kai Monika of the Windbow Tribe?” 
Monika bowed her head and nodded as she murmured, “It is my honor to meet you, sir. I am sorry to say that I wish to remain anonymous. Please sit down now, Win Jai-Kan.” 
Jai-Kan quickly nodded as he exclaimed, “Lady, it is an honor to meet you! I am your servant forever, Win Jai-Kan at your service! Oh, just wait until I return to the desert to tell all of the tribes that you still live!” 
Jai-Kan bowed and kissed Monika’s feet, while Monika flushed in embarrassment. Jai-Kan smiled as he continued to bow all the way to his seat while the rest of the group in turn gawked at Jai-Kan and then at Monika. 
Oaka leaned over towards Basha and whispered, “What in the name of Tau just happened there?” 
Basha shrugged and stared at Monika, who gazed at the floor for awhile and took deep breaths. She had not wanted to think about this for a long time yet, but now she knew that she had to acknowledge it, especially when Jai-Kan reached the Zarien tribes to pass on this news and their hope. 
She sighed and looked up to find herself facing Basha as she suddenly realized that everyone else in the group was in the dark. She would soon have to tell them so that she might quickly end all of the awkward questions.
Monika leaned over to him and whispered, “I’ll try to explain later tonight. For now, just relax and do whatever his Majesty says.” 
Sonnagh smiled and said, “Sit, eat, and enjoy! To our friends, everyone!” 
Glasses throughout the hall clicked and the party began. The group sat in the middle of everything, congratulated on all sides by the courtiers, but they were sometimes ignored and thus they ignored everyone. On the other side of the room, a young knight rolled his eyes as a nobleman kept talking to him. 
Ompa gulped down a glass of wine and told the knight, “So, my father wakes me up in the middle of the night, right? I know it sounds crazy, but he actually forced me out of the castle and he wouldn’t even explain why! 
“My crazy grandfather, Malwin, followed close behind as my father gathered supplies and the old man kept telling me that this was for my own good! I don’t understand any of it. Maybe my father Lagotaq is getting a little senile. Oh, well, at least there should be lots of lovely ladies in court. Say, Pacaben, I’ve heard you know your way around the ladies. Could you give me a tip or so? I could give you some help whenever you need it.”
Sir Pacaben chuckled and exclaimed, “It’s no use, Ompa. Can’t give you tips when you’re a bit helpless when it comes to women! Besides, I don’t need any help with anything. I’m just a plain old knight. I’ve never been in battle, and the ladies adore me! What could go wrong with me when everything in Arria is going so well?” 
Pacaben laughed as nearby, Prince Womba shook his head at what he had overheard. The prince started to mutter to himself, wondering why such a man should have an easy life. After all, his own father was forcing him to marry this mysterious Lady Mina while Pacaben had his choice of all of the women of the court! 
Suddenly, Womba had a thought and grinned at the simplicity of the plan that should bring a little grief to Sir Pacaben. Womba, with the roar of the crowd to shield his voice, was able to lean close to his father, King Sonnagh, as he dropped a few suggestions for Pacaben’s future. Nearby, the knight laughed at the despondent Ompa and sipped some wine before he wandered off towards a group of countesses nearby that giggled at the approach of Sir Pacaben.

Many miles away, almost too many to count, Jawen was humming a lovely melody. She was especially happy today, for a young man several years older than Basha named Hastin was coming by. He had danced with her and she placed a scarf around him at the courtship dance beneath the old birch tree, many days ago. She heard a knock and raced over to open the door. There stood Hastin with flowers and she smiled as she took them. 
Hastin said, “Thank you, Jawen. Say, guess what I heard?” 
Jawen shrugged as Hastin ran over to a chair to sit on. He excitedly said, “I heard from my brother, who heard it from his pal, who heard it from his storyteller, who heard it from a shepherd. Anyway, I heard that 200 wolves were going to attack Gima, but from the sky came the Knights of Arria! The Knights of Arria came and attacked the wolves by using their blue magic and white lights! All of the wolves disintegrated! This is certainly a sign! A sign that the Knights have returned to destroy Doomba and rescue Pidaria!” 
Jawen looked at him in astonishment before she laughed at the absurdity of it. Hastin gasped in surprise and then it turned into a frown, as he started to mope silently while Jawen continued to chuckle at his rumor. 
Finally, she calmed down enough to shout, “Hastin, There are no more Knights or magic! Your brother’s pal’s storyteller’s shepherd must have been drinking wine as he watched his flock!” 
Hastin frowned and roared, “Fine! But, when they come marching into this town on golden chariots with the Cup on their shoulders, I am going to yell, “I told you so!”” 
This just made Jawen laugh harder and she said through tears of mirth, “You…(ha, ha!) sound just like…(ha! Ho!) just like Basha!” 
Hastin got up to leave in frustration, but Jawen pulled him down. She was still giggling as she started kissing him, making Hastin relax enough to embrace her tightly and return her kisses.

Night came once more and the group gathered around Monika in their room at The Bird’s Eye Inn that rested close to the center of Kiki. The room normally had only two beds, but due to the expense of the rooms in this inn, they had been unable to afford a private room for Monika. 
So thus, the innkeeper and one of the stable boys had to drag a small cot into the room, although they left grumbling about all of the effort for a girl’s complaints. Anyway, on this evening, Monika was sitting on her small cot as the other three men sat on their beds with Fato perched on the headboard of the bed closest to her.
Monika whispered, “There are several words for leaders where I come from. Lam means leader of a family and Win means leader of a tribe. There are many tribes and the one that rules them all is the Windbow Tribe and the leader of that tribe is the Kai, leader of all Zariens and all tribes.” Basha stared at Monika’s shirt and pants worthy of a boy and thought it was weird that this independent tom-girl was a queen.
Oaka yelled, “You’re a queen? You told us you left at 14 and you were Kai then!” 
Monika sighed and she explained, “Calm down! I wasn’t really Kai then, but I knew I would be someday! When I was about 10, my grandfather, Pepa, died. Before then, he was the Kai and now my father was Kai. Sadly, my father didn’t have all the skills needed. The Kai is supposed to be a warrior, but he must first be a wise man. My father was a warrior, yet he was not a wise man and did not know the word ‘peace’. 
“He sent our warriors out to fight some of the other tribes, but they gathered together and fought back. Soon, a war was started and my father fought bravely, but the tide was turning against him. This went on for several years, until the enemy was a mile from the tribe’s main camp. Father was frightened and he decided to send me away for the safety of the tribe. 
“So, he got the fastest horse, which was Deja, loaded her with food, water, and bow with arrows. I cried and cried as he told me to ride far away from the desert, to wander about until things clear up and when I was ready to be Kai. 
“Deja left and I held on as I watched my life disappear behind me. We rode onward for many days and my heart soon mended. I heard about a year later that things in the Za Desert had cooled down, but I’m not sure I want to return there yet.” 
Oaka nodded and asked, “Who is ruling over your people?” 
Monika answered, “I learned awhile ago that my uncle has taken control and will continue, until my return. I figure I will wander for another year or so, perhaps, until I am ready to accept my responsibilities. Anyway, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you the whole truth of my life. Please, for now, I don’t want to be called a princess or anything like that.” 
Basha said, “Don’t worry, we will only think of you the way you are.” Monika nodded and the group prepared for bed.
The group stayed in Coe Kiki for about 17 days. They were invited to stay at the castle as guests of honor for the rest of their visit, for one of them was a princess, one a royal messenger, and all were questing for the great Cup. They attended about 4 balls and one was for their departure. On the afternoon of the first ball, the group was busy dressing in formal suits that they had purchased at a nearby store. 
Basha felt uncomfortable in his suit, while Oaka was sweating a bit. This was probably nothing compared at how Monika felt in her dress. The group all stopped messing with their bows and stared at Monika when she came out wearing a silk dress of scarlet. 
Apparently, a lady named Lika had taken it upon herself to make the young savage queen into a perfect woman of beauty. She had made Monika throw her woolen shirt and hairy pants into a corner and to don on this silken dress. She had also removed Monika’s bun for several stylish braids. Now, Monika was biting her tongue and scratching all over herself. 
Basha whispered, “Uh…Monika, you look…uh…nice in that…dress.” 
Fato tried to hold it in, but a little giggle escaped his beak as the other men paled, wondering what Monika would do. She responded by walking over and shooting the falcon a cold glare, which helped Fato hold in his laughter with one last nervous chuckle escaping. 
Monika growled and cried, “Let’s go, people, and get this whole thing over with!” 
The group walked from the inn to the castle and headed through a maze of hallways towards the grand ballroom. The night soon passed by in a whir of motion, excitement, dancing, and lights. 
Fato squawked as he fell upon the food, causing some nobles to turn away in disgust, but the falcon was too busy to notice them when he discovered the joy of the marzipan cake. Nearby, Oaka started joking with some countesses and they giggled as a duchess asked for his hand in a waltz. 
He hesitated, his mind drifting as he thought about Sisila, but then he nodded and accepted the duchess’s hand with the confidence that one small waltz wouldn’t harm his faithfulness to his beloved. Oaka danced with the duchess about three more times and once or twice she fluttered her eyelashes, trying to attract his attention, but he didn’t respond and she soon left him alone. 
On the other side of the ballroom, Jobe wandered over to a lady and she eyed his clothes with apparent disdain.
The lady murmured, “Yes, sir? I hope you aren’t presumptuous enough to ask me for a dance.”
Jobe bowed and exclaimed, “Fair lady, I am near laid speechless by your beauty and sharp wit! No woman has ever met your match throughout all time! I, a humble bard, wish to write poetry on your flaxen hair alone! However, I may be able to write better if I can experience your elegance first-hand with a dance.”
The lady rolled her eyes and told him, “You are hardly speechless, bard, but I sorely wish that you were! No, again I must say it, do not make me say it thrice.”
Jobe clutched at his heart and hollered, “Ah, slay me not again, my heart cannot take such strain! Someday, when women fall upon my feet to hear my sweet words, you will wish that you had accepted my dance!”
The lady growled and stomped away as Jobe watched her go, grinning to himself. The bard started strolling amongst the noblewomen again, trying to woo each and everyone, but none accepted his poetry. 
Finally, Jobe gave up and grabbed a glass of wine as he sat down at the table where Fato was gobbling down a ton of food. The bard sighed and shook his head, trying not to imagine that the rest of his life might be full of such rejections as he stole a slice of pie from the falcon.
Monika was sitting in the corner and Basha went over to inquire, “Say, how about a little dance?” 
Monika sighed and got up, as she responded, “I suppose I will, but I must warn you that I have no clue about what to do. After all, we didn’t do the waltz much in the desert. What about you?” 
Basha shrugged and informed her, “I hardly know anything about ballroom dancing, but I did go to the harvest festivals. I won’t complain if you step on my toe, if you don’t complain about my poor elegance.” 
Basha held Monika’s hand, told her to put the other around his waist, and off they went! He taught her to do several dances worthy of any hoe down and Monika started laughing at the fun she was having. They danced all night long, with people commenting upon their compatibility together as dance partners.
 
Chapter 8: Danger, Capture, and Pacaben
Days went by, and it was the 92nd day, the day after the 2nd ball. Basha was exhausted from last night and he slept later than usual, all the way to 9 in the morning. 
The group raised their heads as Basha dragged himself into a small sitting room. The small part of the castle they were living in had two rooms and a bathroom connected into the small sitting room, with Basha and Oaka in one and Jobe and Monika in the other bedroom. 
Fato, however, had to go up to one of the towers that housed the falcons due to the fact that animals weren’t allowed inside the castle. Although he had said a few days earlier that he didn’t really mind this small ban, since it gave him a break from snobby humans. 
Monika giggled as she asked, “Did you sleep well without your blankie?” 
Basha smiled and thought aloud, “Say, I thought Oaka would’ve been the first to mention that. Hello, did I miss breakfast?” 
Jobe replied, “Nope, a servant said the kitchens were a little slow when he delivered the breakfast up here to our room. I still can’t believe this, I mean, what service!” 
Oaka picked at his scrambled eggs and inquired, “What kind of eggs are these? Do they look a little orange?” 
Monika leaned over and shrugged as she replied, “I don’t see anything strange. You’re probably imagining things, Oaka.” 
Basha had just started to cut his sausages, when there was a rapping, no, a tapping at the windowsill. They all turned their heads and Monika got up to open the window to let Fato in, although Oaka was tempted to stop her in case Fato might start insulting him again. 
Basha asked, “Fato, aren’t you breaking the rules?” 
Fato nodded, but replied, “They were serving rats, I wanted some decent grub. Now, pass the ham, I’m starving!” Basha passed the ham to the falcon and they were finally about to start eating, when Fato screech, “Hold everything! My ham looks funny!” 
Jobe sighed and sternly lectured, “You crazy falcon, so what if it looks funny? That doesn’t mean the rest of us has to starve!” 
Fato frowned and yelled, “You lunatic, now I have to prove it to you! Oaka, kindly cut my ham, give me the smallest piece you can manage! It’s not my fault that those above didn’t see fit to give me a hand and thumbs.” 
Oaka did this and Fato gobbled up the piece that Oaka had cut, which was barely bigger than a pea. Everyone watched, not sure what to make of this spectacle that Fato was causing, but they didn’t want to start eating until Fato had reached his own conclusion about the food.
Fato silently hummed for several moments after he swallowed the ham, then the falcon sighed as he muttered, “Perhaps my fear had no base. Oh, well, better safe than sorry.” 
Oaka asked, “What was this fear you had?” 
Fato laughed and squawked, “Can you believe it? For a second, I thought the food was…” 
He didn’t have time to finish, as he suddenly collapsed. The group screamed and threw their food as faraway as possible, for Fato’s condition had given them all a suspicion. 
About an hour later, the friends were gathered in a waiting room, outside of the room where the castle’s doctor was alone with the motionless body of their friend. They had rushed the bird, with Monika tenderly holding him, down the long corridors until they arrived here. Finally, the door opened and they all looked up as the doctor entered the room. 
The doctor turned to them and notified them, “The falcon was only unconscious and will wake up in about two hours, with a slight weakness, of course. Possibly a day or two of rest will be best for him.” 
Monika quickly asked, “What caused it? What is your diagnostic?” 
The doctor sighed and murmured, “I believe that it was poison, which could be the most likely solution right now. After all, there are many important, yet controversial, dignitaries here at this palace and they have enemies, I am certain. It is possible that your breakfast was meant for someone else, but something happened and the servant accidentally delivered it to you all.” 
They shrugged and nodded, thinking that it was a good explanation, but Basha wasn’t so sure. He didn’t really know why, but then again, Fobata had surely tried to kill them at Eela and the Black Wolves were always chasing them, so there must be a reason for all of that. 
Except, what was the reason? Perhaps it was the quest that he was on, but it felt like there had to more, much more than this. All he knew was, if they weren’t careful, someone could get hurt. 
At the last ball, on the 98th day, there was a large banquet held before the dancing. Although Fato had recovered from the poison several days ago, the others thought it was unsafe for him to go out yet. Throughout the recovery, the group congratulated him for saving their lives, although they told him that it was, indeed, a reckless act of disregard for his own personal safety. 
Fato just growled whenever they said this and screeched, “Ah, why should I worry about personal safety whenever I have to almost kill myself to get even the least bit of attention! Where’s my respect?” 
At this, Monika would scratch Fato in his favorite spot and everyone else would walk off, muttering about that daft bird. Anyway, at the buffet, Prince Womba came up to Basha and after Basha bowed, the prince motioned for a man around the age of 25 to come over. 
The man was laughing along with some young women, but he stopped and walked over to Prince Womba and Basha. The man had red hair and green eyes, with a jolly look in them. He also had a crooked smile, because of his crooked teeth and bloody lip. 
Womba said, “This is Sir Pacaben, and the king wishes that this man should go with you all, especially now that we have heard of the incident from the  falcon’s doctor. So that we are assured of the protection of all of you, we ask that you accept Pacaben as a companion on this quest. Don’t worry, Pacaben is a good fighter for one of his age.” 
The knight nodded and politely told him, “My king has told me of your noble quest to find the holy Cup and I pledge my services to you, on my honor and on my sword.” 
He bowed and Basha bowed back, not really noticing the indifference coming from Sir Pacaben. Womba smiled, a little glad that Basha didn’t know how much trouble this knight was, although he was starting to regret his offer of the wildest knight in the castle, especially since it appeared that this group really did need protection after the poison. Yet, he had already shown off Pacaben…there was no going back now and perhaps Sir Pacaben was good enough as a fighter, despite all of his troubles around women. 
Basha said, “I thank you, Prince Womba and His Majesty, for permitting Pacaben to join us. I also thank you, Pacaben, for joining us. We will leave the day after tomorrow.” 
Pacaben nodded slowly, silently cursing the king and the prince in his head, as he immediately set off with the women that had come over with him while their giggles echoed throughout the room. On the other side of the room, Monika looked up and spotted a strange knight heading off away from Basha, with several ladies flocking him. 
A countess standing beside her frowned and shook her head as she muttered, “There goes Sir Pacaben…he’s pleasant to the eye, I suppose, if you’re interested in that sort of man. Still, I find him to be absolutely despicable!” 
Monika turned to her and inquired, “What do you mean by that?” 
A lady nearby nodded and exclaimed, “Yes, he is horrible! In fact, one of those women that were with him is a wife of one of the dukes here!” 
The countess nodded and cried, “Sometimes, I can’t understand why they got out with him…they know of his reputation and even though he is handsome, I would never be able to kiss his crooked mouth! Anyway, you best be careful, young lady…I think I heard that King Sonnagh will be sending him off with your group!”
The lady nodded and told Monika, “Yes, although I would have thought they would pick a better knight. Oh, sure, he may be a good fighter in jousts and such, but he hates to do any dirty work! I just don’t understand…oh well, at least you may have some fun with him.”
Monika frowned and shouted, “What are you talking about? You don’t mean to say that Pacaben might have some interest in me!”
The countess shrugged and yelled, “Who knows? However, he does like ‘fresh meat’, if you know what I mean, and it’s rumored he can charm any woman he wants! The fact is, I haven’t heard of any girl that hasn’t said no to him!”
Monika shook her head and informed them, “Don’t worry about me, if he even dares to try any tricks with me, I’ll catch him in the act before he knows it!” 
She turned and walked off, as the two women sadly shook their heads at the innocence of such a girl. Suddenly, they looked up at the approach of another man and they lingered to await Ompa, since he was the heir of a lord...young enough to love and rich enough for them to want to marry him.
The next day passed by very quickly with the friends packing and replenishing supplies. Basha was walking through the hallways of the castle that afternoon, when he noticed Sir Pacaben walking a few feet ahead, conversing with another young woman, the woman that he recognized as the Lady Lika who had helped Monika in preparation for her first ball at Kiki.
Basha yelled, “Pacaben, good morning! How is the packing going?”
Pacaben paused and answered, “It is Sir Pacaben, uh…whoever you are. I’ll talk to you in a moment, young man.” 
He silently whispered to the woman, who sadly nodded and walked off towards the west wing. She halted just a few feet down the hallway, looking back towards them and especially with eyes full of longing as she gazed at the knight. 
Pacaben took several steps towards Basha before curtly saying, “What is your question again? Please hurry, I must go follow Lady Lika to her room or else she won’t speak to me the rest of the night.”
Basha was puzzled, but he continued by saying, “My name is Basha and actually, I was sort of wondering…could ordinary civilians become knights?”
Sir Pacaben stared down at Basha before smirking and answering, “Don’t tell me you want to be one? Surely you jest, for that is one of the funniest jokes I have heard in awhile.”
Basha replied, “No, I’m serious.”
Pacaben groaned and rudely told Basha, “Listen boy, the only reason I’m going is because I have to follow the orders of King Sonnagh and Prince Womba, not because I want to baby-sit some young adolescents. Also, I must escort the young Kai Monika of the Windbow tribe, to make sure that she doesn’t hurt herself while traversing all about the wilderness. Now, I must see to the Lady Lika before today’s joust, young Babloa.” 
Basha sneered at Pacaben’s back and then sulked off. Pacaben watched him go and sighed, shaking his head as he walked down the corridors, hand in hand with Lady Lika. Lika was quite lovely to behold, with long blond hair braided down her back, and brown eyes staring at you, like the eyes of a doe. 
She giggled softly at holding his hands, but Pacaben ignored her now, wondering who would be his competition in the jousts this afternoon. He gazed at the other knights walking by, knowing at one glance their health and skills, smiling as he realized that this fight today would be almost too easy. 
Pacaben and Lika turned into a crowded hall, now moving through a large crowd of courtiers as they headed toward the barracks outside of the palace, so that he might suit up for the joust. Pacaben bumped a few lords and such, yet their names were all jumbled in his brain alongside the old memories of other jousts, old mentors like Sir Minnow, training sessions and attack strategies. 
With this mess in his mind, he couldn’t even remember the name of Lord K when his eyes passed over the man’s face, although a distant memory tugged at him. For when he saw that face, he had a memory from when he was a child…but that memory faded, like some of his memories did due to his old head injuries. 
At last, the couple moved down the steps and into the courtyard, making small talk as they entered the barracks beside the jousting grounds that had been cleared yesterday. Lika kept her eyes looking forward, ignoring the knights being helped into their armor while Pacaben halted at his cot, where his two squires waited as they held up pieces of his armor. 
He stared at these two young men around the ages of 14, the age where pages rose to the post of squires, as he wondered for a moment what their names were. Still, it wasn’t much of a problem for him as they strapped on his breastplate as Lady Lika sat on the cot and watched. 
Lika sighed and murmured, “Oh, Pacaben…it all seems so heavy!”
Pacaben nodded and casually told her, “Yes, maybe 10 pounds or more…just regular wear for jousts here, although I hear that Urgo knights wear heavier armor than those in this country, in both the jousts and war. Still, I have trained to wear this armor for most of my life, so perhaps I may even bring it with me on that quest King Sonnagh is sending me on.”
Lika shrugged and said, “That is nice, but it might not be a good idea…I heard that the group will be traveling a long way and the armor might be too heavy to wear and difficult to manage, since they are not trained to put it on you. Besides, it should not be so dangerous on this quest, or so I hope for you…I want you to return safely into my arms, my dear knight in shining armor.” 
Sir Pacaben lightly shrugged, not thinking too much of his safety, although he was thinking about following Lika’s advice since it was sound advice despite her ignorance of fighting knowledge. Still, he could not think too much about that today, since he had a joust to win. Nearby, a middle-aged woman was fussing about a young man, obviously a new private to the ranks of Arria’s army as far as Sir Pacaben could guess. 
The woman smiled and whispered, “Oh, Aman…you look so lovely, wearing your fancy uniform and it’ll be wonderful in Coe Jaja! I hear the people are nice and that there is a monastery…you need help, after all, being a soldier will be dangerous and I don’t want my baby getting hurt!” 
Private Aman groaned and mumbled, “Mother, please don’t fuss…I am not going to get hurt, not where I am going. I may be only a new private, but I’ve heard the men whisper about Loony Lupo…it’ll be bad for my career if I go to Old Fort Ca!” 
The woman frowned and explained, “Aman, he is Major Lupo to you as an advanced officer, even if he is your great-uncle…when you get to Jaja, you should thank him, in fact. It is only because of him that you got into the army at all! That test you took not too long ago…there were a few mistakes, I heard, but Lupo managed to persuade them to bring you into the army.” 
Aman groaned and swore softly as he exclaimed, “Oh, those stupid questions about strategies and history! They aren’t necessary in battle, not when you have a sword and bow with you, and maybe some comrades by your side!” 
His mother arched her eyebrows and told him, “Yes, and you don’t have comrades yet…I am certain that your great-uncle will help you there, Private Aman, so good-bye and I’ll see you on the first holiday. Remember, whenever you get homesick, that it’s just a few months without me…that’s all for now.” 
The young man’s mother walked off and Aman watched her go, grinding his teeth. Pacaben shook his head, sympathizing a little with the young man…he also had heard about Major Lupo, or ‘Loony Lupo’, and he would certainly be embarrassed if he was related to the man. 
Still, this young Private Aman had already left the barracks, probably heading toward a horse to Coe Jaja and thus, Sir Pacaben didn’t get a chance to talk with him as the squires suited him up with Lady Lika watching.
Suddenly, it was the next day, which was the 8th day of Juna or the 100th day, a fact that had been unobserved by the group. Basha led Talan from the stables, along with Oaka on Joko, Monika on Deja, and Jobe on Quint. They gathered by the gates of the city, where Pacaben and his horse, Lola, were waiting, along with several officers. 
Pacaben looked up from his hand mirror before closing it and smiling at Monika. Fato silently laughed, before Oaka hit him on the head. Basha glared at Pacaben, wishing he could punch that egotistical aristocrat right in the kisser. 
One officer said, “Go forward, brave souls. May Tau protect you and please return as quick as you can! Good luck!” 
Fato squawked and followed the horses as they raced out of the gates. Days soon started to rush by in a whir. Pacaben soon started to reveal his snobby side to the others, all except for Monika, who he flirted with, but it appeared she paid no mind to Pacaben’s infatuation with her. Then one day, Monika was laughing at one of Pacaben’s jokes. 
Pacaben was jokingly talking, “Oh, nowadays knights are as common as birds, but some just stick out like a sore thumb. Let’s take, Sir Minnow, although that was a long, long time ago, probably a little before you were born. 
“He was supposedly the best knight ever, although usually those ideas change about once a week, but he was a true sword master and back then, I was proud to be his page! Anyway, one day the honor of some lady he had brought back from the south and married was challenged, so thus he fought a duel with a stable boy and guess who won the fight? 
“The stable boy, although it was a shame for poor Minnow. Anyway, then there was Jakol, came into knighthood late in his life as a scholar. He rode a donkey, thinking it was faster than any steed and said armor was in poor condition, so he wore plain linen with a pot over his head! He had a little fat squire named Lagos, and Jakol kept attacking trees, thinking they were Trollas!” Monika laughed hard, and Deja nervously nickered. 
Jobe stared at her and hollered, “Monika, you never even giggled at the jokes that I told you!” 
Monika sighed and told him, “I’m sorry, but you aren’t really that funny.” 
Jobe sighed and Basha felt strange for some reason as he watched Monika lean in closer to Pacaben once more to hear another joke. He couldn’t think of what he was feeling…he had never had a feeling like this anytime before, that he was certain of. 
The way Monika smiled always made him happy, but now this odd feeling was upon him as he saw her laugh at that ‘knight’, who gave no chivalrous behavior to the others. Then, Basha suddenly realized he felt jealous when Monika laughed and grinned at Sir Pacaben. 
He had hopefully thought that Monika was just laughing, because Pacaben was funny, although Basha hated to admit such a small fact now in his jealously. He started to wonder if he had feelings for Monika, but he tried to push it aside. 
He hadn’t been around any women except Monika for about 3 months and he probably had just been reminded that she was a woman when she wore that red dress. He told himself it was just a crush, nothing like his real love for Jawen, and tried not to look at Monika.  
On the 103rd day, they reached a small town called Coe Coa to spend the night in its only inn, the first town they had stayed at which had only one inn. In a way, it reminded Basha and Oaka of The Smiling Stallion that was owned by Geda, but it was an ache to think of it like that when it reminded them of the home they had left behind. Anyway, the next day, before leaving, Basha went to the innkeeper while the others were eating their breakfast in the common room. 
Basha said, “We’re thinking about heading towards the coast and I’m unfamiliar with the territory. Do you have any tips?” 
 The innkeeper shook his head and replied, “Not really, because I usually don’t go that way. There’s a forest over yonder way, called the Darkwoods. I find it very odd that we have a forest so far to the south, where you sometimes go on for a day at a time without seeing a tree, just long, rolling plains of grass. Anyway, I should warn you that there are some old tales about witches or banshees hanging around that area, but you know how the tales are.” 
Basha snickered and told him, “Thanks anyway, sir. I guarantee that once they have a taste of steel, no ‘witch’ will bother us!” 
They both laughed and Basha went back to the common room where they all soon finished breakfast. Thus, they headed off on another day of travel and Basha was with his friends and Pacaben, since he didn’t consider the knight as part of his friends. 
Time and two days went by as the group traveled towards the coast and it was now the 105th day of the Great Quest. The weather had started to get hotter and lazier in the Darkwoods, making the group feel lazy. Monika kept talking about how she had heard wonderful things about the air, the sea, and more concerning the coast. 
The group was enjoying themselves greatly and lazily urged their horses onward. Basha giggled a little as he relaxed in this freedom, soon finding himself able to look at Monika when he had tried to avoid looking into her face for several days now. 
Her long raven hair had been untied from her usual bun and it reached down her back. Basha noticed that she had a lovely smile, maybe better than Jawen’s smile. She also was much nicer than Jawen, who had never said a kind word, until he had shouted out his love to her that led to this quest. 
In fact, Basha realized that he could say that Monika’s beauty rivaled Jawen’s plain looks! Yet, there was more to Monika than this. She had power and strength and Basha somehow felt that this was much better than being timid and shy, a quality that Jawen sometimes tried to put into use whenever he was around her. 
Basha smiled and started to hum along as Jobe started to strum out a tune on his harp, recalling the joyful song that had gone along with the tune. Oaka chuckled and started to sing,
Life is grand when dancing with my girl,
Life is grand when dancing with the swords and death,
Everyone I go, Life always seems grand,
But can such joy really last?

Just let me sing here and now,
So bring out the drums and the lute!
Here I sing my joy and sorrow,
Does either one last long?

I sing of spring and winter,
In my own jolly way to dim the sad Life!
Joy is everywhere with sorrow and strife,
So let’s sing this jolly song once more!
 Suddenly, there was a rustle and Basha looked up in surprise. The group turned around as a group of soldiers started to race towards them from the thickets all about the woods. 
They stood still for a second, before realizing what was going on and taking out their swords. They started to fight, but they were outnumbered 2 to 1 and they had been taken by surprise. Pacaben dropped his mirror and screamed as he leapt into battle, sword flashing in the noon sun as it swished about. 
Fato tried to pick out the eye of one of the soldiers as he squawked, “You will never take me, never!” 
Nearby, Monika tried to grab the Blue Sword to fight, but one of the soldiers quickly seized it from her. Basha had jumped off his horse to fight another soldier, using his own sword instead of the Black Sword, and was now dodging the other’s sword. 
A screech filled the air as Basha saw a warrior raced by and this was a woman warrior! Before he could comprehend this, he looked up and froze for a moment when he thought he saw Oaka fall from his horse with an arrow in his leg. Suddenly, a woman warrior hit Basha on the head with the hilt of his own sword and Basha was pulled into darkness, that seemed to continue onward with no end. 
An old man sighed as he read the letter and nodded slowly, absorbing all he read. He nodded at the gruelmoff and the bird quickly took flight, before any guard on the walls of Kiki could notice the large bird. 
The old man, who shall for now be known as nothing more than Lord K, stretched out his arms and nodded at the satisfying sound of a crack. Lord K looked down at the letter and shook his head at the promise of it all. 
Goga had broken loose from the chains of his brother Fobata, running recklessly about the wilderness with an army from his own brother Pavga, but soon he would gather himself and march on, that was for sure. He was certain that the man would plunder various cities on the way, since Goga was a man that wished to gain wealth by any means, all on his way to here. He would head to the great beacon, Coe Kiki, the heart of all of Arria and the home of the great King Sonnagh and his armies. 
However, Lord K was slightly disturbed at the thought of the other danger…the last time Doomba had sent a personal letter, it was to ask him to send a message to Fobata. Seeing how such a message would be safe with no messenger beside himself, Lord K had set off some months ago, suspecting fully well the reason for why Doomba would be so alarmed at such a message. Fobata had been surprised at the warning, especially when he learned it was from some group of young people almost the age of 20 or so, but he had not been alarmed at all. 
However, Lord K knew that probably at this very moment, Fobata was regretting his thoughts he had made about not paying heed. Lord K, however, had been a dedicated student in his studies and while Fobata was off hunting or doing some such frivolous activity, maybe with his brother Goga fighting some useless battle, he had been studying the Chronicles, especially the Prophecy as written by Wintha the Wanderer. 
It made no suggestions on certain dates and it was a little confusing, but Lord K was certain that if the Dark Lord was so ‘distressed’ as to write a letter himself about such young people, then it must be true that the battle was coming for Doomba. When Fobata failed, he had gotten another letter from Doomba to ask Lord K to take over the problem, but nothing worked for him. 
The thieves and the poison had all been a miserable failure and had cost him a valuable servant, which Lord K had to dispose of to make sure there was no evidence. Why did he do this? For power of course, and for certain reasons. 
For instance, Prince Womba was Sonnagh’s heir and still too young to marry and thus produce a new heir. What if something happened, like a war or some such, that caused the death of both the king and the prince? What would happen, who would get the throne? Lord K smiled slightly at the thought of all of it, knowing the secret of the inheritance after that. 
However, Goga presented a small problem in this equation. At that moment, he was the person most likely to claim Kiki if he managed to kill Sonnagh and Womba, and Doomba had mentioned something, it had appeared like nothing, but to Lord K, it could mean everything. 
If Doomba suspected that Goga was capable of deserting Him or becoming too strong, Doomba would lay his trust on Lord K now, this was certain. Fobata was too weak, Lord Pavga of Coe Wina had bad health, and the rest had never given a full vow to Doomba, not even Chihon or Ikla. 
Lord K sighed slowly and heaved himself up from the chair. It was now his sad duty to tell Doomba that all of his attempts had failed thus far, but he had one trick up his sleeve yet, a slim one. 
The lord had traveled down to the forest known as Darkwoods and there had spoken to a woman of great power and influence that could help. With luck, her answer would come soon if she had been successful with the capture. 
Light came back and Basha mumbled and groaned. He lifted his head and stared at something he might never forget. A beautiful woman with long, flowing hair of wheat, with wave upon wave of gold! 
She wore a dress of crimson, as bright as blood and very vibrant. Basha stared into the eyes of gray, which suddenly brought him back to his senses. 
He asked, “Who are you and what have you done to my friends?” 
The woman laughed and asked in a voice of perfection, “What do you mean? Are you not pleased with me and my Amazon warriors?”
 Basha frowned and answered, “Amazon? That’s a funny word. Wait a minute, where am I? Why have you brought me here?”
She sighed as she stated, “Men, you always want to know everything. Why, you’re so adorable I could eat you up! It’s a shame that his servant wants all of you, but He himself told me I could keep whatever he brought back. Oh, I hope you’re one of those…or maybe that really strong fellow with the muscles, yes, both of you would be very lovely grooms, but I wonder which is best.”
Basha stared at her, but he shook his head at her nonsense and said, “What are you talking about? Who wants us? Why does…wait, grooms! You can’t talk to me like I’m livestock and you can’t make me your husband, you…you…witch!” 
The woman frowned and suddenly, her hair didn’t look so long and she didn’t seem so beautiful. Suddenly, Basha frowned as he started to realize that perhaps calling her a witch hadn’t been that far from the truth.
She yelled, “BOZO! This boy, he needs to be taught a lesson in manners, I could save his life! Get this boy out of my sight and make sure you punish him for his insolence!” 
Suddenly, a big man who must be Bozo picked up Basha and carried him out of the library and threw him down on the cold floor outside. Basha gasped as he was picked up and thrown down again by the arms of the strong man, wincing at the pain.
The woman came up to him and sneered as she said, “Well, boy, you made the wrong enemy today, but just you wait. This pain is nothing compared to what he can do to you and your friends! I hope you’re his precious Đąǽora’l!” 
Basha groaned as darkness and numbness came again and Basha welcomed it. The pain was too much now…too much pain, too much fear for the others, that perhaps he was glad to forget it for awhile in this darkness.
Goga was very, very, excited and pleased! After arriving at Coe Wana on the 74th day since the group started out, about two days after the battle in the valley. 
After resting and arguing with Lord Pavga and his family for 14 days, Goga left Coe Wana with 462 more soldiers, while the group was resting at Kiki. Now, after 12 days of long travel, because it was hard to move with a lot of men, they were behind a hill facing Eela. 
Today was the 100th day of travel for our heroes and while they left Kiki, Goga smiled and motioned for the men to move over the hill and race towards the castle. The soldiers yelled and surged into the open. 
Fobata looked up from his patrol on the wall in shock and dismay. If anything like this had happened many weeks ago, he would’ve sent his servants onto the wall with arrows, but they had been gone for days now and he only had 100 men or so. He gave a sigh and decided not to surrender, because Eela had high walls. He nodded and told his men to fight. 
The soldiers started to fire down on Goga’s men, but they got worried when a storm of arrows flew back. Fobata ordered them to keep firing, when he gasped along with the others on the walls. Goga had ordered 100 of his strongest men to cut a tree and carry it, running, straight at the gate to Eela as a ram. 
Another 100 raced alongside the first 100, because each man had to hold up a shield to cover himself and also cover one of the strong men holding the ram, so that the arrows bounced harmlessly away from such pairs. The gate broke down and the soldiers rushed through and into Eela. They raced all over, searching for food and supplies, but also looking for men to massacre. 
In the midst of this chaos, Lord Fobata, wearing poor clothes so that he would not be recognized was running alongside two horses loaded with supplies in their packs. Keeping pace besides his lord was one of the last loyal stewards, an old man by the name of Marlo, as they both searched all about for a place to hide and maybe a way to escape. 
Suddenly, Fobata discovered the hole in the western wall that had saved the group’s life when they had escaped from him, although the lord was too frightened to even question if this had been their method of escape. In such a fright, Fobata pushed through the hole first and then led the horse through, although it was quite a squeeze for the equine and then he mounted the animal when that was done. 
He slapped his horse’s rump and thus urged the horse to race across the plain, soon followed closely by the other horse with his burden of Marlo the steward. The two men in their escape were strangely not even noticed by the soldiers due to the chaos, but Fobata had no idea what he was to do now, yet he was certain that he would eventually come up with a destination far from here.

Lights and strange shapes wove in and out of his mind, creating strange pictures, pictures that were beautiful and yet grotesque. Words and phrases echoed all about, but he couldn’t understand it all. 
Faces flashed here and there, faces that blurred and passed on like leaves on the wind. He was riding hard through the trees as monsters chased him onward, monsters that wanted him dead. 
All around him, danger lurked on every corner and all he feared was the loss of other lives, but he didn’t fear the loss of his own. Fire filled the sky above him as he fought, as he gave no thought to the enemy that fell. 
A horse in the distance neighed and he turned in time to catch someone coming at him, one of his enemies. He smiled a grim smile as he cried his name at this attacker, but the words and his name suddenly left him. 
He tried to grab it and hold, but it fluttered away like a butterfly. Suddenly, there was nothing. Nothing at all and it felt like nothing was ever there. He was scared, terrified, and bewildered. 
He knew nothing about himself or what he had ever experienced. A piece of him had been taken away from him and he felt as if he had lost his arm. He was mad, he was sure of it, but he didn’t know how he knew he was mad. He felt like screaming, but nothing came out. 
Then, somewhere in this darkness that continued onwards, he heard a soothing voice now and again, but it could not help him here. Occasionally he felt that someone was pouring water on his lips, perhaps so that he might drink, but he could not open his mouth to accept the water. 
He knew that this voice belonged to a man and the voice seemed to creak and groan with age and pain, but it was a voice that he didn’t recognize…yet he knew that this man was trying to stir him, yet he couldn’t help him. 
Once he was able to understand the voice as the man beyond him whispered, “Come on, boy, eat or drink something. You’re too young to die like this, wake up, boy.” 
He realized that he was young indeed, but in this dark place, it seemed that he was even younger and less than a boy…he was a helpless babe. He acknowledged then that he had no strength and he stopped struggling as he gave up, thus releasing himself to float away. 
As he floated through this darkness now, he realized that he was starting to come closer towards a harsh light, but he had nothing to help him in the strange world beyond the light as he emerged from his dark cocoon.
 
Chapter 9: Prison Time
Monika gave out a groan and opened her eyes on the 107th day to see a horrible sight. She was in a cell with several dirty looking men and her companions, who looked as bad as she felt. 
Fato was in a corner, with a leather muzzle over his beak and he was obviously very angry to be chained in such a way. Pacaben was looking much better than the rest as he had the less scars, but he still groaned a bit, lamenting a tiny bit over his greasy hair. Jobe was crying over his harp, which had some broken strings, and over his right knee, which might never be the same. 
Poor Oaka was in the worst shape obviously, because he was lying unconscious in the corner. Monika crawled over to him and she gasped when she saw that he had blood on his pants and it looked like it came from him. 
She pulled Oaka close to her and she murmured, “Oaka, Oaka, speak to me. Are you okay?” 
Oaka wheezed and coughed, blinking for a moment. Then he smiled ruefully at Monika, showing off his optimism even in this dark place. 
He whispered, “I’m just great, Monika, I’m not going soon. If I were, you wouldn’t be able to talk to me. Hey, Fato, come on, laugh at me!” 
Fato shook his head as Monika removed his muzzle for a moment so that the falcon might tell Oaka, “Sorry, but I usually don’t laugh at wounded animals.” 
Oaka sighed and muttered, “Ah, sweet pain, been awhile since we met. Did you really mean it, Fato, when you said that never laugh at wounded animals? Oh well, so where’s Basha so that he might be able to make fun of the stubborn mule?”
Monika giggled at the little joke and looked around the cell, but she didn’t see Basha. She whispered, “I don’t see him, probably because he’s in another cell or…maybe he’s…well, I don’t know, so we’ll just wait and see.” 
Oaka nodded and started to snore, blissfully unaware of how much trouble they were in. The group sat silent for a moment, brooding over the mysterious disappearance of Basha and over their own danger. 
Jobe moaned and cried, “Oh…my harp! Oh, I almost feel like this is the end…what are we to do? Look at where we are…actually, I don’t even know where we are! We’re in some sort of dungeon, locked away forever, and Bashas, our leader, is missing!” 
Pacaben frowned and turned to Jobe as he exclaimed, “Basha is our leader? I never went to any meeting that decided Basha was our leader! You know, I am the oldest person in this group and the one with the most experience, I could be the leader!” 
Jobe shook his head as retorted, “This is not your quest, knight, I bet you never even wanted to be here! Basha is our leader, he’s the one that is supposed to lead us on this quest and now he’s missing!” 
The two men argued together in low voices about the leadership, not wishing to bother the other people, although Monika was quite close enough to hear them. Monika sighed in hopelessness and frustration at the two men, for she knew that they might never end this quest if they were stuck here.
A voice came from nowhere and the young boy opened his eyes. He looked around his cell with hardly a feeling of shock or happiness. In fact, he felt nothing except some kind of pain, a dull pain that felt like defeat in some fashion. 
No one was around, except for some old man in the corner saying, “Boy? Boy? You alright, boy?” 
The boy sat up and said, “Yes, sir, or so I think. Where are we, sir?” 
The man shouted, “In the dungeon of Coe Wilama. That crazy old witch and her crazy old ‘Amazons’! When I get out of here, I don’t know what I’ll do, but it’ll get her good!” 
 The boy inquired, “Who’s the witch, sir?” 
The old man responded, “Wilama, of course! That pretty enchantress that owns this whole stinking place and the soldiers that attack anybody who wanders too close to it! It’s unnatural, I tell ya, to have women soldiers! Fact is, I never knew about this place till I got captured, along with my companions.” 
 The boy queried, “Where are they, sir?” 
 The old man cried, “I don’t know, and stop asking me questions! What’s your name, you no good boy?” 
The boy was about to say something, but he stopped in puzzlement. For a few moments, he sat there as he tried to solve this simple question, until he suddenly realized that he just had no answer. 
He whispered, “I don’t know. I don’t know anything, my mind feels empty. Sir, what do you think could be wrong with me?” 
The man frowned and thought for a moment. The boy leaned closer, feeling that this old man had to be wise and here, it was his only source for answers to his questions. 
Finally, the old man told him, “I don’t really know, but I once heard about a man that got conked on the noggin and couldn’t remember who he was or where he came from. I think it went away, but it took awhile. Maybe you should go back to sleep, sonny, maybe it’ll help clear your mind.” 
The boy frowned and stared at this man, thinking that it wasn’t the answer he had been hoping for. Yet, he sighed and laid down on the ground, thinking that this might be his only choice for now.
 Yet as a small act of rebellion, before slumber claimed him, the boy muttered, “My mind is already clear enough and I want it filled again.”

Gnat smiled at the beautiful sight of Coe Kiki, and then he sighed in relief that it was all over. It had been many days since they had left the gates of Eela, long days of walking until their feet were sore and all they wanted to do at the end of the day was to fall down on the ground and sleep. 
The servants had been restless in this time of endless walking and had even questioned Juna’s ability to lead them, but all was now well at last. Juna had finally proven himself to be their rightful leader by guiding them to this place and at long last, the servants had now paused at the top of this hill over Kiki so that they might freeze this image.
Juna walked up beside Gnat and smiled down at the young boy as he shouted, “Well, there she is, the glorious Kiki! Told you I would get here, didn’t I?” 
Gnat nodded and grinned as he started to beat out a long steady beat on his drum, which he had practiced for many days. Everyone cheered and wearily walked down the hill for the last mile to Coe Kiki. 
A guard halted them at the gates, seeing as how they were quite a large group, and asked, “In the name of the King of Arria, who are you?” 
Juna saluted and answered, “I am Juna, and my fine companions and I have left Eela to come here to freedom, thanks in part to Basha. We all wish to pledge ourselves to Sonnagh and raise families, far away from the evil Fobata. Please, let us in!” 
The guard recognized the name Basha from the speech that Fato had told everyone in the throne room, because he had been guarding the door of the throne room. He glanced over the group, though, to check the story and finally realized how weary and poor they all looked, which was another proof that they had been servants traveling from the long distance of Kiki. 
However, the guard had one last question as he inquired, “Do you know anyone on a quest?” 
Gnat nodded and yelled, “Yes, of course we do! Basha and his friends were on that quest! Did they come to this way?” 
The guard nodded and informed, “Come on in fellows, I’m sure they will tell you more about Basha and the others once you make those pledges to King Sonnagh.” 
The servants cheered and marched into the city, as Gnat continued to walk alongside and beat his drum. He turned his head and saw Juna pause for a moment, as he talked to the guard. Gnat paused and waited, wondering what they were talking about, until Juna finished his conversation and started to walk towards him. 
Gnat looked up at Juna and queried, “Juna, what did that guard ask you about?” 
Juna shrugged aimlessly and managed to smile, although Gnat thought it looked a little strained. Gnat tried to dispel such a thought, thinking it odd, especially since it always seemed like Juna was always so joyful.
Juna just simply replied, “Oh, he was just wondering when would be the best time to contact me for a talk with the king. You know, what with all of us servants that will probably join the army, we may need to form like a troop or so.” 
Gnat nodded and smiled, for he was satisfied with this answer, especially with the idea that he might become a part of this troop for the king. He turned around as they continued walking down the road and Gnat beat his drum, although he thought that he might start learning how to fight with a sword soon if he became a part of the troop.

Monika looked out her small little barred window, staring at clouds floating by. Her mind also felt like it was floating with those clouds, thinking of Basha and wondering about him as she also wondered how they were going to get out of this mess. 
Close by, though, Pacaben watched her and quietly moved closer, fairly unnoticed by Monika. The other men and Fato, however, glanced up from their quiet meditations on their imprisonment and stared at this scene with the odd sense that they knew what was about to happen. Fato and Oaka started to quietly whisper with each other, arguing about the outcome, just as Monika looked up and noticed Pacaben coming close to her, causing a hush to fall over the others. 
She asked, “Pacaben, what are you doing?” 
Pacaben shrugged and answered, “Well, nothing, really. It’s just…your eyes.” 
Monika frowned and queried, “My what? Pacaben, what are you saying?” 
Pacaben mumbled and explained, “I know I’m a bit old for you, but…at court, many women flirt with me and sometimes I notice them, but…your skin, it is so dark, so mysterious and speaks of soft, warm sand and long nights with the moon high above. Monika, your laughter and your smile mean everything to me and I know this is an awkward place to say such things, but I want you to know how I feel. How do you feel?” 
The others in the group and even the other filthy prisoners leaned closer as they watched Monika and Pacaben to see what would happen. Monika crawled closer to Pacaben, looked deep into his eyes, and smiled as she leaned forward and…slapped him across the cheek. Muffled laughter came from the direction of Fato and Oaka, as Pacaben made his hasty retreat while rubbing the source of his wounded pride. 
He turned his head and shouted, “Monika! I can’t believe you, hitting me like that!” 
Monika growled and screamed, “Believe it, Pacaben, I’m not like those half-wit women that fall head over heels for you! Besides, they’ve told me about your scandalous reputation! Did you really think I would like that, did you really think I would allow you to do such things?” 
Pacaben frowned and muttered to himself, then he turned his head to her and roared, “That’s why I wanted you, Monika, because you’re not like any of those other women, because you’re so pure! I thought you would have seen beyond what people say about me, beyond all of those ugly rumors! Besides, there’s not many men out there that would marry such a stubborn tomboy like you!” 
Monika laughed and exclaimed, “Stubborn! Oh yeah, right, like I’m really stubborn, and me, a tomboy? Come on, you must be kidding, right?” 
The room got really quiet, as Oaka, Fato, Jobe, Pacaben and the other men in the room started to look around, trying to look distracted to avoid the question. Monika stared at each one of them in turn, and then she groaned and crawled back towards the barred window. 
She paused for a moment, as she picked up a small bowl full of water for the prisoners to use to wash their faces. She peered into the water, frowning at her reflection as she wondered if this was who she truly was…a stubborn tomboy, not good enough for any man. She muttered to herself and threw the clay bowl down hard on the ground, cracking it in half, as she turned to look back out the window.
The boy groaned as he woke up from his nap, but he managed to lift his head as he implored, “Sir, did you see them bring me in?” 
The old man nodded and responded, “It was about a day or so later that you woke up. It’s now been that much time since you went back to sleep. You hungry? They gave us some brown stuff, which I think is porridge, but I could be wrong.” 
The boy looked and saw that their door had what looked like a doggy flap to let bowls in and out, but was too small to let anything beside an arm or leg out. The boy grabbed the food and swallowed it all. 
He asked, “When do we get water?” 
 The old man informed him, “Two nice cups in the morning and in the evening, same as the food. There’s also a bowl of water here, but that’s to wash our face. Here’s your drinking water, but be careful. It might be bad.” 
 The young boy inquired, “Sir, what is your name?” 
 The old man growled and told him, “Just keep calling me Sir. I like it and I’ll call you Boy.” 
Boy nodded and grinned, glad to have a name for now, even if it wasn’t his real name. Sir chuckled, a little glad to give the poor Boy some joy, as the two of them settled down to eating and afterward, they sat there for a few moments to enjoy it. 
Boy queried, “Sir, how do you pass time?” 
Sir answered, “I tell stories to myself, but now that you’ll here, I can tell you a story.” 
Boy leaned over as Sir started to softly tell a story, the story of Tau’s Cup, which sounded very familiar to Boy. Sir smiled as he saw Boy’s fascination and interest, thinking that it had been a very long time since he had such an audience.
When he was finished, Boy notified him, “You know, I think I heard that story before, but from another man.” 
Sir exclaimed, “That’s real good, Boy, for it could be another memory that will perhaps lead you to your identity! You like it?” 
Boy nodded and informed him, “Very much. I sort of wonder if I could ever go to Pidaria and find it.” 
 Sir laughed and hollered, “Not very likely, Boy! That would be some great quest! You’ll need horses, supplies, and some friends should come along to keep you company!” 
Boy smiled and simply murmured, “Yes, I think I already have all of that stuff.” 
Sir stared at him, but decided to pay no heed to what Boy said, especially in the state that he was in. Sir continued to tell several stories, all of which that Boy was familiar with, until Sir stopped telling them since he was tired of having the words recited back to him.
Monika was dreaming, when suddenly, her dream was interrupted by the guard yelling, “Get up! Stand up and move!” 
Monika looked up and saw a castle guard growling at her and an Amazon standing behind him. Monika stared at the pair for a moment, realizing how this made such an odd scene to have this man commanded by the Amazon.
The Amazon proclaimed, “Wilama wants to see you, now!” 
The castle guard mumbled as he slouched away from the Amazon. Monika did as she was told and sadly looked at her friends as she followed the Amazon down the dungeon hallway and up the stairs. Monika couldn’t help but stare at the tall woman, with a walk full of confidence and deadliness. 
The eyes were dark and she growled whenever she passed a servant, since all of the servants were male.  The Amazon then led her down a hallway and into a room. 
It was a small study, filled with strange instruments and books. Monika looked at one and saw it was written in a strange language, perhaps a forgotten language as old as the land. She looked up and saw a beautiful lady sitting in a chair, the woman that had to be Wilama. 
The woman smiled, but it was a smile you might find on a tiger. Her sharp blue eyes were divine, but they were so deep and a little dark. Her blonde hair was beyond description, but the best way is to say that gold looked wan in the light of the woman’s long, braided hair. She had a pale face that matched her ashen dress and the effect made her look like an angelic ghost. 
Wilama asked, “Are you the leader of the group my men captured the other day?” 
Monika laughed and exclaimed, “A leader? I am sorry, but I find it a little unthinkable!”
Wilama told her, “Why not? You would probably be beautiful if you wore a dress, but your personality is much better! My Amazons complimented the skill you showed yesterday in battle.”
Monika shrugged and cried, “I fear it was nothing, really, compared to some of the warriors in the Za Desert! Wait a moment, why are you acting like this? Shouldn’t you be threatening myself, as I am your prisoner?” 
Wilama smiled and murmured, “Can’t women have a heart to heart talk? All I wish to do is to make a little offer, do a little bartering. In the past, my Amazons were many, but battle losses have scarred them and I want more. You have great skill and if it were nurtured, you could become greater than any warrior of King Japamwa.”
Monika scowled and shouted, “Japamwa? Have you not seen the light of day for the last 200 years? For that is how long it has been since Japamwa sat on the throne! To live that long or longer, you wold have to a be an…an…”
Wilama frowned and muttered, “You were going to say witch, but I fear the proper term is enchantress. However, that is not the point. The point is that if you join, your friends are free to go, so long as you work alongside me, until I have gained the respect I deserve.” 
Monika looked around the room, frowning to herself as she declared, “You want me to work with you? Why would you pick little old me? I’m not the type of person you would ever find as a general or some such nonsense. Besides, how can I trust you, Wilama? You kidnapped us, you lock us up, your soldiers harmed one of my friends, and another is missing.” 
Wilama frowned and thoughtfully glanced about as she murmured, “A friend is missing you say? I suppose you must be talking about some young man or so, one that caught your fancy. You know, it may be a little hard to find him, I have so many handsome men scattered about the place. I could probably get you another one…if you wished? Oh, yes, you would like the man that I could find for you! Strong, and dark, and…” 
Monika yelled, “Stop it! He’s not some lover, I would never even dare to…he’s just a friend, and we’re all worried about him! Now, please, at least let us see him!” 
Wilama sneered at her and hissed, “Not your lover? Of course, he’s probably got some other wench…but I’ll show you the truth, one of these days. Men are rats, men are filthy creatures…you’ll get the idea into your head, if I have to stuff it in! I grow bored with this nonsense, take her back to her cell!” 
The Amazon warrior grabbed Monika and she barely struggled as the woman dragged her back. Monika was glad when they threw her back into the cell…at least, perhaps she would never have to see that horrible woman ever again.
Boy was having a confusing dream. He kept seeing falling snow and sunlight in the same picture. He saw a white horse running and a white-haired man telling stories and ruling kingdoms. 
He saw a girl shoot arrows and dance across a ballroom floor. He saw forests, hills, and valleys. He saw faces and names flash by, but they were lost by morning. When he awoke, he felt slightly sad, wishing that he could have remembered everything…yet Boy did not know if he could hope for so much. Anyway, Sir soon woke up from the straw where they slept and he told Sir about all of this. 
Sir told him, “You know, dreams show a lot of things to us that we never could understand. Some guy told me that he once saw his death occur in a dream and the next day, he died the exact same way he told me.” 
Boy grinned and exclaimed, “I think I knew someone like that, who thought dreams were very important! I think it was the girl or the guy with the harp.” 
Sir smiled and shouted, “Good boy! You deserve a treat, but all I can give you is more stories or some brown stuff to eat.” Boy laughed and Sir started telling stories, all of which Boy knew. 

Goga and his men were out on the march once again, but this time they had decided to attack Wina. It was now the 108th day of the Great Quest and they were at the base of the Smoky Mountain once more, like they had been when they were chasing Basha and the others. 
They had spent many hours searching about Coe Eela, but there had been no sign of Fobata. Despite Goga’s anger, the journey had to continue onward, if they were ever going to make it to Coe Kiki in good time. 
Right now, Goga was happy as he thought about the surprise that he would bring to Wina, since no one would be able to warn Coe Wina to warn them…no one at all! He was very anxious and was urging his men onward. 
He wondered if they could make it in 12 days even if they went around the mountain. He was even asking if anyone wanted to make a bet with him. Finally, a few men grew brave enough to place bets and Hava found himself writing furiously all of the bets.
When this small crowd disappeared, Hava took a deep breath and muttered, “My goodness, this feels so strange…I’m getting shivers just thinking about what we might do!”
Goga laughed and roared, “That’s the spirit, Hava, for that’s the same thrill I’m getting now! Just relax and let the adrenaline rush through you, let such feelings power you for the days ahead!”
Hava slowly nodded and asked, “Goga, do you think we might meet trouble with our march against Kiki?”
Goga laughed and answered, “Of course there will be trouble, but that’s half of the fun of the whole thing! Why, I could be truly content with my life right now if it wasn’t for Fobata getting away from me!”
Hava nodded and said, “I suppose…anyway, I’m certain that you noticed, when we attacked Coe Eela, that it was almost half empty. What do you think was the cause for such a thing?”
Goga chuckled and told him, “Oh, yes, I noticed that when we were finishing that whole attack against Eela…I made some inquires from the prisoners and it was quite interesting. Seems that most of the servants left the place, they were just as tired with Fobata as I was!” 
Hava shook his head and frowned as he whispered, “My goodness…it all seems so strange in a way, that the servants and you should rebel all at once, but perhaps it is right. I had never realized how horrible Fobata was until I really got to know you, Goga…and it does seem terrible the way he treated you, his younger brother!”
Goga shrugged and said, “Ah, I’m starting to get over it…that’s one of the best things about feuds, you know. Whenever you find a way to end it, it’s done and you even start to feel a little better about the whole affair.”
Hava nodded and then he cocked his head as another question came to him and he inquired, “Say, I’ve heard you and Pavga’s family utter the name of Lord K a few times…I know he is Pavga’s older brother and Ikla’s stepbrother, yes, but who is he? How come it seems like you and Fobata had such a familiar relationship with Lord K and the others?”
Goga shook his head and muttered, “Oh, that whole mess…I tell you, Hava, that you must keep my relationship to them as your secret, just in case people get suspicious. After all, blood is blood and in some ways, we are all connected in that way, especially if it’s true that Za and Wan was the first man and woman, thus uniting all people as their descendants. 
“However, my blood-tie to Pavga and Lord K…that’s a little more recent than all of that, I must tell you, although most courtiers in Kiki don’t have the time to look through the family trees to recognize the ties. Myself, I hate family trees and family charts, since it’s always a record of things you don’t want others to know or a record of things that you sometimes wish that you never knew.” 
Hava frowned and scratched his head, thinking that Goga’s explanation might have been a little more complex than needed. Goga sensed Hava’s confusion and growled, shaking his head in disgust as he urged his horse as far from Hava as possible.
On the 110th day of the Great Quest, a strange event occurred at Old Fort Na, by Lake Tri in the Popo Hills. This fort boasted that they had been around in the days when wild tribes’ people were all about Arria and that the great Knights of Arria had stayed there once. 
Anyway, late on this night, a guard was patrolling the wall, when he heard a whistle. He looked down and saw what looked like a steward, the old man Marlo in fact, with supply bags on his shoulders, leading a horse that looked like it was about to fall with the heavy weight on her back. The weight was Lord Fobata, who had been able to escape the massacre of Coe Eela. 
He shouted at the guard on the wall, “I will surrender to the King of Arria if you’ll let me stay here for the night! Please, I have traveled many a mile and I’m exhausted!” 
The guard was puzzled, not sure what to make of this strange sight, or of this strange old man wearing silken clothes that had seen many days of travel. However, these men looked quite harmless and it seemed as if they were telling a half-truth, since they did look the worse for wear with long travels. 
He shouted for the men to open the gates, to give welcome to the tired and defeated Lord Fobata. The lord rode into the fort with old Marlo leading the horse’s reins, and both men felt tired indeed. Yet, Fobata’s heart swelled as he thought of the chance for forgiveness, as he thought of the day when he would bring that Goga to his knees when he spoke to Sonnagh!

Gnat walked down the corridors of the castle of Coe Kiki, still looking around at all of the sights there was to see. It was now the 112th day of the Quest and the former servants of Fobata had been in the great city for a little more than 5 days. 
Yet even now, Gnat felt restless as he wandered the halls, feeling as if there was something more he should be doing. He had gone to the barracks, to ask an army officer if he could enroll as a drummer boy for the king, yet there had been no reply so far. 
Juna had disappeared somewhere into all of these rooms, into this castle itself when Gnat lost sight of him on the day they came here. The last sight of him for the past few days had been when his leader had been led away by some colonels or so, probably because they wanted to enroll him. 
Gnat stopped for a moment and started to adjust his shoes, still uncomfortable with all of these new clothes a maid had given him. He got up again and gasped as he saw Juna there, in a smart new uniform! 
He cried, “Juna! There you are! I was wondering where you were, what happened? Oh boy, you look wonderful in that uniform! Are you an officer?” 
Juna nodded and told him, “I am now captain of my own troop, Gnat, and I’m glad to see you too. You know, we have been looking for a drummer boy and the other officers did say you have been asking around...” 
Gnat clapped his hands and shouted, “Juna, thank you! I would be honored to be your drummer boy again! Tell me, tell me, where we going first?” 
Juna smacked Gnat on the back and told him, “Calm down now, my boy! The troop has been preparing for days for border patrols, and only the absence of a captain has delayed them for so long. We can leave tomorrow or the day after, I believe.” 
Gnat quickly nodded and yelled, “I’ll be packed and ready by then! See you soon, Captain Juna!” 
Gnat smiled and raced off, as Juna watched him go. Juna sighed and wandered down the hallway, nodding now and then as he passed some people walking by him. 
A maid paused for a moment and she said, “Hart, lovely to see you! When did you arrive in the city? Oh my, it must have been a year or more since…” 
Juna frowned and shook his head, as the maid shrugged and walked away. Juna quickly looked around, wondering if one of the servants from Coe Eela was around, but he breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that no one else had heard those words…especially when that maid had called him Hart. 

Monika guessed that it was the 21st day of Juna, but it was actually the 22nd day of that month and the 114th day of the Quest. Oaka was sort of getting better, but he still couldn’t walk around. 
She mainly just sat in a corner by Oaka, moving only to collect her bowl and Oaka’s. This was also the only time she talked during the day. She asked the guard what he had done with a member of their group, but he was as silent as he was last night. 
Pacaben had come over yesterday and said, “Monika, I’m sorry I tried to kiss you. It wasn’t the proper behavior of a knight, and I should’ve known you would have done that. I’m also sorry for calling you a tomboy…you’re just brave, that’s all, a rare quality in women. So, please accept my condolences and see if there is a place in your heart where we could still be friends.” 
Today, Monika sighed in anger at the guard, the world, Wilama, Pacaben, love, men, and Pacaben. Yet, inside, in the pit of her stomach, she was scared. No one could think of a plan to get out, except Pacaben, who suggested, although in a sarcastic fashion, staying there for 20 years as they secretly dig a hole out. 
Yet even this was pushed aside when one of the other cellmates said that the soil was too hard to get their bowls or hands into. Poor Fato, on the other hand, complained about the fact that the group only removed his muzzle to let him feed, but they all were afraid of what the guards would do if they took of the muzzle to let him talk incessantly. 
So Fato just mumbled without having any of his words understood, which was sort of for the best. Monika looked up and saw that one of the other cellmates had come over. 
The man had brown hair and a mustache as he told her, “My name is Bo, my friends are Jo and Mo. I wish to welcome all of you on behalf of my group, since we’re going to be here for a long time. How did all of you get here?” 
 Monika replied, “I am Monika, if you need to know. We all were out on a quest and were calmly going along, when we were attacked. My friend Oaka is hurt and my other friend, Basha, is missing. What about you?” 
Bo informed her, “Well, we were students of mythology at the University near Kiki and our teacher, Lanma, was taking us out here to look around at places where ‘witches’ were once burned. While looking at one of these places, Wilama’s Amazons captured us. Lanma isn’t with us, but we think he’s in another cell. Hopefully it’s in a better condition than this one, because he had gotten hurt in the fight. Do you think hurt people would be separate from well people?” 
Monika paused for a moment, thinking. Perhaps Basha had gotten hurt and the guards had put him in a different cell, maybe because they were worried about infection or so. 
Then again, Oaka had gotten his leg broken when they were attacked, but he had been thrown into the same dirty cell as them. Which could mean, although she was afraid to admit it, he could just as well be gone, for she hadn’t been able to see Basha during the ambush and had no idea how he had fared. Monika sighed and looked listlessly out the window towards the moon, for it was night.
Boy had another dream and in this dream, he had seen the pictures and heard the names of his companions, but the names were gone when he woke up. Boy was frustrated and hopeless. Sir watched helplessly as Boy cried and yelled in anger. 
Boy shouted, “I want to know who I am! Who I was and who I have seen! I want to know where I’ve been and where I was going! I got to know or I’ll go crazy, it is like I am nobody!” 
 Sir finally bellowed, “You are somebody! That is all you really need to know. You had a name and lost it, but what’s in a name? In your dreams, you said you’ve seen forests, hills, and valleys, so that is where you’ve been. You knew people and they must have loved and cared for you! You had a life and you must hold on or else your friends and family will suffer.” 
 Boy sighed, staring at the wall as he whispered, “I am sorry, but I feel helpless. Don’t tell me to try going to sleep either. I don’t think sleep will help me out for now. Can you sort of…give me some space, please?” 
Sir nodded and walked to the other side of the cell, although it wasn’t very far away. Boy sat silently and looked out of the window towards the rising sun, wondering about everything. He started to shiver when he thought that the girl he had seen with arrows was probably watching this sunrise, too.
Meanwhile, Monika was looking out the window too, like she had been for days now, but it was only now that she was starting to measure it. It was now the 116th day, although Monika had lost count of the days. 
She smiled and said, “Fato, look at the window. Do you think you could get through it?” 
Fato looked at it and nodded quickly, anything to get out of his muzzle! Monika came over and took the muzzle off of Fato, despite such hesitation to do so several days ago. 
Everyone in the cell watched Fato cheer and screeched, “Hooray! Say, Monika, how is this going to help you?” 
Monika shook her head and told him, “Never mind about that, it could help us eventually. Go by all the windows and look for Basha. If you find him, that’s great. Maybe with his help, we can get a plan working.” 
The others in the group nodded and Pacaben moved close to the door, to keep watch while Fato was gone. Fato nodded and flew out of the window. 
He flew up and then flew downward. He saw that the castle was huge and he headed to the window near the bottom of the castle and saw Monika, to make sure he could find the cell to come back. He nodded and flew to the next window, and so on as he started his search for Basha. 
Fato flew past 20 windows and was on the other side of the castle when he halted and turned back to the previous window. He screeched and flew in.
At that moment, Sir looked up at Boy’s yell and saw him on his back with a crazy falcon on his stomach. 
Sir yelled, “Shoo, bird! This boy isn’t some rat!” 
The falcon ignored him and shouted, “Basha! Basha, I found you!” 
Sir suddenly stopped and stared at the falcon, not because this bird could talk. 
He whispered, “You know Boy…or Basha?” 
 Fato smiled and squawked, “Of course, and his name is Basha!” 
Boy stuttered and queried, “B-B-Basha? That’s my name? I’m sorry, but who are you?” 
The falcon gazed at Boy and nervously asked, “Is this a joke? Hey, guy, is this a joke? It certainly is not very funny!” 
 Sir shook his head and sighed as he told Fato, “Sadly, it’s no joke. I’m not sure, but I heard of a guy that once got hit on the head and lost his memory. I suppose something like that happened.” 
The falcon looked at Boy, or Basha, and said, “Okay…so our leader has no clue who he is and we’re locked up. This is just great! Not what I’m I going to tell Monika!” 
Boy…or Basha frowned and whispered, “Monika? I think I had a dream about a girl shooting arrows and that sounds like a girl’s name.” 
The falcon grimly smiled and said, “Yes, that’s her, and I’m Fato the falcon. Who’s the old guy?”
 Basha waved his hand and told Fato, “He told me to call him Sir, but that’s probably not his right name, right, Sir?” 
Sir said, “Of course it isn’t my right name, but I didn’t want to confuse you in your condition with names. I’m Lanma, by the way.” 
Fato laughed and said, “Isn’t this turning out to be a comedy? Say, do you know three dirty men name Bo, Mo, and Jo?” 
Lanma laughed happily and nodded as Fato said, “Good. Anyway, I’ll be heading back. Basha, just stay here and try to remember your friends. I’m giving you the names of your other human companions: Oaka, Jobe, and Pacaben. Try to match them up to the people that you probably have seen in your dreams by the time I come back.” 
Fato flew off, leaving Basha wondering if Pacaben was the bard or the knight. Basha sighed and Lanma stared at him for a moment, uncertain about what to say right now to this young man named Basha. 
It almost seemed to him that the simple life, containing only Sir and Boy, had disappeared right before his eyes, yet he did not want to say anything now…at least Boy had gained his true name. Basha moaned and scratched his head, before he shook it in frustration and turned around to gaze upon the old man sitting nearby, the one named Lanma that he had called Sir for so long.
Basha weakly grinned and murmured, “Hello, Lanma, sir.”
Lanma chuckled and muttered, “Ah, Basha, my boy. You’ll be fine in just a little while, especially when you see your friends again.”
Basha nodded and whispered, “Yes, I know…I bet you have the best students in the world, those three fellows called Bo, Mo, and Jo. After all, they have one of the best teachers that I have ever met.” 
Lanma chortled and shook his head, sighing softly before he cleared his throat. Lanma then started to tell some stories, trying to see if Basha knew them, but within a while, he started to laugh when Basha recited the stories back to him.
 
Chapter 10: Escape from Wilama!
When the group heard of Basha’s troubles, there were some varying results. Monika was worried, Jobe wondered if he had ever heard a story about the hero losing his memory, Pacaben asked if the enchantress had anything to do with it and Oaka tittered a little, but he was worried for his friend and brother also. 
The three men known as Bo, Mo, and Jo were talking excitedly and thanked Fato for finding their old Professor Lanma. Suddenly, Monika had a brainstorm, thanks a little to Fato’s ability to go through the window. She looked at the door to their cell, which was a large wooden door with a doggy flap to pass food. 
Monika asked, “I know this seems too much, but Fato, can you stick your body through the flap?” 
Fato sighed in exasperation, but the falcon let Monika carry him to the door. He peeked through the flap and said the coast was clear. 
Fato stuck his head out, then wriggled until his shoulders got out. Then, he sucked in his breath and got everything to the tip of his wings out and he pushed until he miraculously got out! 
He flew side to side, but the corridor was totally empty. Just in case, he noticed that some of the walls had dark holes, perfect for a bird. 
Fato looked at the door, which had a number 12 painted on it. He nodded and headed left, right, and right, until he got on the other side. He looked through the flaps all the way down to 34, where he smiled at the sight of Basha looking towards the window. 
Fato then flew down this corridor, until he came to a set of stairs. He slowed down and looked around, but saw no one. He saw a rack full of swords and the key hanging on a hook nearby. 
Fato guessed that Wilana didn’t have a lot of breakouts to post a guard near the keys. Fato chuckled a little as he flew back to Cell 12 to tell Monika what he saw. 
When he did return, Monika was very pleased by what Fato had found and she kept hugging Fato. The grouchy falcon suddenly turned into a tender bird, cooing and nuzzling Monika as she petted him. Jobe and Pacaben stared while Oaka silently snickered at all of this. 
Monika murmured, “Okay, so Basha is in Cell 34, there is a flight of stairs at the end of his corridor, and there are keys and swords there. Now, you saw no guards?” Fato nodded and Oaka scratched his head. 
Oaka asked, “That doesn’t sound right. Shouldn’t Wilama put at least one of her Amazons at the entrance of the dungeon?” 
Pacaben answered, “I suppose in all of her years, no one ever found a way out, so she’s gotten a little relaxed about security. Oh well, at least we’ll be able to get out.” 
Jobe suddenly cried, “Wait a minute! Did you take a look at the swords?” 
Fato shook his head and Jobe said, “I was just wondering, because we don’t have the Swords of Arria, so where are they?” Monika gasped in fright, as a thought suddenly came into her. She recalled that before she fell into blackness, one of the Amazons had grabbed her Sword. 
 Jobe nodded and declared, “I would bet that Wilama has probably seen the swords at least once before in all of her years on this Earth. I would also bet she knows their powers.” 
Monika shivered and exclaimed, “I wouldn’t like to imagine what Wliama would do with the Swords! Oh dear, hopefully she can’t touch them or is clueless about their powers…anyway, we should better get some sleep, because we’ll probably be leaving early tomorrow morning.” The group nodded and they nodded off to sleep.
 
Jawen sighed and sadly shook her head. For some reason, she felt restless and didn’t feel any joy. It was the middle of the night, roughly an hour before Basha and Lanma were released from their cell. She jumped out of bed and put on her clothes, while Hastin watched her. 
He whispered, “Jawen, what is wrong? You weren’t like this last time!” 
In the distance, thunder could be heard faintly, as a storm started to come towards them. Somewhere, the small, nighttime creatures scurried for cover, but even here in Jawen’s house, the couple could hear wolves howling in this storm.
 Jawen moaned and told him, “I know, I know, I just…there is nothing wrong with me, but I just don’t feel right. I’m going to go visit Sisila.” 
 Hastin sat up and watched her buttoning up her dress, until he finally sighed and said, “You still miss Basha, don’t you? It hasn’t been that long, I know, and perhaps we should have waited a little longer. You know, I want to respect your feelings, so you could just ask and I will give you some space…” 
 Jawen growled, as a flash of lightning came, and yelled, “No! This has nothing to do with Basha! I just…wonder how Sisila is doing.” Hastin sighed and watched Jawen leave. 
As Jawen walked down the dark streets of the village, she quietly whispered to herself as she walked to Sisila’s house, “Nothing is wrong between me and Hastin. Basha is dead and nothing will bring him back.” 
She walked down the long dirt road of Baba, as in the distance, the loud, lilting voice of the Old Man echoed through the thunder, as he told his tales to the children. The shadow of the old birch tree stretched down the street and lightning came again, casting the strange image of a monster with sharp horns from the tree, as Jawen finally made it to Sisila’s house. 
Jawen opened Sisila’s door and whispered, “Sisila? Are you still awake? I just want someone to talk to…that’s all. Sisila?”
The wind blew through the door and Sisila shouted in an airy voice, “Come in, Jawen! You can talk to me!” 
Jawen shivered and stepped in as thunder roared outside as she inquired, “Sisila? Where are you?” She went into Sisila’s den and found her looking outside. 
Sisila watched the lightning flash, and waited for the thunder, before she turned back to Jawen to say, "He’s out there, you know.” 
Jawen groaned, knowing what Sisila meant. She had hoped that Sisila had gotten over her beliefs on all of that, but it seemed like she was just as delusional as ever.
 Jawen muttered, “Sisila, Oaka and Basha…we have to accept the facts, okay? They’re probably up in heaven by now. Remember that little talk we had awhile ago?” Sisila frowned and lowered her head down, not wanting to meet Jawen eye to eye. 
Finally, she looked up with a stern face and told her, “You’re wrong. They’re still alive and they will get the Cup. They are the Knights, Jawen…they have to be the Knights of Arria with danger growing all around. Yet here you are, with Hastin, and I can’t believe you’re doing this to Basha, I just can’t…” 
 Jawen clutched her head and screamed, “The rumors are lies! There is more wine to those tales of the Knights than whines of sadness!” 
 Sisila shook her head as the thunder rumbled and as she whispered, “Oaka is alive, I just know it…” Jawen shivered and raced out into the rain, back to Hastin and the cozy bed.

In the early morning hours, Basha woke up as a drop of water fell on his nose. It was now a few hours past midnight on the 25th day of Juna and the 117th day of the Great Quest. 
He got up and looked up at the stone ceiling, as another drop of rainwater fell. He recalled that before he went to sleep, Lanma had predicted there would be a small storm during the night. Basha looked out into the twilight outside the barred windows and saw the clouds starting to drift away, as they moved towards the north. 
Suddenly, there came soft footfalls and the handle on the door started to rattle. Lanma looked towards him as he sat up and told Basha to be quiet as the old man watched the door happily. It opened and Basha stared at the strange sight. There was a large group of people, including the bird known as Fato, three strangers, and all of the people he had seen in his dreams. 
The girl, or Monika, smiled and asked if they were able to travel. Basha and Lanma nodded and stood up. Lanma hugged the strangers and Basha hugged all his friends, while whispering their names. Monika nodded when she heard her name and Oaka laughed a little when Basha called him Jobe, although it was a little uneasy when he couldn’t help thinking of their years together, united like real brothers since Basha’s own birth. 
They took a step outside and Oaka grabbed a torch. They walked down the corridor and Monika stopped to rummage about the pile of swords. 
She laughed as she picked out the Blue Sword, then Oaka slowly pulled out the Red Sword, and Basha only hesitated for a moment before quickly grabbing the Black Sword and stuffing it into a sheath. Lanma stared and he shook a little as he reached out to touch the legendary Swords of Arria and he barely flinched as he felt the sharp stings. 
They were soon armed to face any danger and they climbed the stairs. When they reached the top, a door that led to the early dawn light greeted them as they stepped into a large courtyard. 
Monika nodded and as she pointed to a building in the distance, she whispered, “That looks like the stable. Could the horses be over there?” 
Basha nodded, because he remembered that his group did have horses. He looked at the large walls surrounding the courtyard, but he saw no guards. 
He then looked at the courtyard in a bit of shock. He realized that the courtyard didn’t seem like any courtyard. It was bigger than any courtyard he had ever seen and didn’t have a lot of flowers like in others. 
There were tall trees grouped together as if it was a forest. There were some rocks and Basha could just make out a large cave in the near distance. There was a large pond, but the word could be a lake. It seemed quiet, but Basha felt as if someone was watching. 
Suddenly, they heard a rustle and the group touched the swords they were carrying. Then, Basha gasped in wonder as he saw a white horse walking out of the trees, but this horse had a type of horn on its forehead. Lanma threw his sword off to the side as he walked up to the beast. The horse stood there quite calmly as Lanma scratched her muzzle. 
Oaka whispered, “What is that thing?” 
Jobe whispered in astonishment, “That is a unicorn. It supposedly died out with the rest of the Great Creatures. Yet, here stands a animal that hasn’t been seen for hundreds of years.” 
Lanma laughed quietly through tears as he touched this unicorn. Basha felt peace and was somehow comforted by this scene, which was like the reunion between a dog and its master. Yet, Basha felt that this was unnatural. 
How could this creature be real, much less alive? Still, the group waited for Lanma with, Bo, Mo, Jo, Pacaben, Jobe, Oaka, Basha, Monika and Fato. While they had waited, some of them had headed to the small building, which just happened to be a stable. 
They found Joko, Talan, Deja, Quint, Lola, and two other horses that belonged to the newest members of the group. Oaka found a kitchen near the stables and had stolen some food and he had also found their pack saddles in a large pile, with everything still in them.  They watched as Lanma petted the unicorn. He then nodded and the unicorn raced back into the miniature forest. 
He smiled like a little schoolboy, but he did ask the question everyone was thinking when he murmured, “Say, why is there still unicorns? Aren’t they supposed to be dead?” 
A light voice laughed gently and said, “If you don’t see them, it doesn’t mean they’re gone.” 
The group turned and Basha eyes grew wider when he saw a creature, half-man and half-horse. The human figure of the horse had a large chest, broad shoulders, with a black mane falling down its back as black eyes stared at them and even though this creature seemed young, he had sharp eyes with wisdom.
Lanma exclaimed, “Oh, my! A centaur and it can talk!” 
The centaur smiled and told them, “My name is Lunar and I am pleased to meet you. Are you a man of intelligence?” 
 Lanma nodded and replied, “I suppose, since I was a professor once. Do you know that your kind has been gone for many years?” 
Lunar sadly sighed and muttered, “Not all of my kind are gone, but I have heard that those who remain, those that did not have ancestors captured by Wilama, wish they had gone to the Great Paradise.” 
Lanma gawked at him and Lunar’s laugh took on a darker tone. The group gaped at each other and Basha shuddered for a moment, trying not to imagine what could be more terrible than Coe Wilama.
Lunar explained, “Yes, they wish to be in Pidamana and I had a father who told me of the darkness of the Pits. Luckily for him, Wilama bought him and took him to a new prison…but at least here, it was a little better and a more enjoyable life. Almost all of the Great Creatures that are still alive, excepting those here, work in the Pits like slaves.” 
Lanma frowned as he hollered, “The Pits of the Dark One? I thought that was just a legend!” 
Lunar shook his head and was about to say some more, when suddenly, he paused and his head turned towards the distance as his ears moved a little. Basha and the others turned about and realized that Lunar the centaur was looking towards the large cave, a place of darkness. A distant rumble came from the cave and all shuddered in fear as they quickly turned to the centaur to desperately inquire what was going on. 
Lunar whispered, “Go, all of you! Sheba will wake up soon with hunger in her stomachs! Go, now! Don’t worry about me, Wilama would punish her severely if she eats another part of her collection!” 
Lanma and the others watched as Lunar disappeared and then turned their heads towards the cave. Basha gazed at the cave so intently that he hardly saw Oaka dismount from Joko’s back to walk a little closer to the cave in curiosity. 
Suddenly, huge flames, hot and blazing, emitted from the cave and that distant rumble turned to a loud roar. Basha stared in horror, unable to see anything else, as a large snake-like creature with wings lumbered out of the cave, with smoke still coming out of its closed mouth. 
The dragon, certainly the one that Lunar had referred to as Sheba, had scales that were as red as the fire it could breathe and also came with long appendages, the prominent reason to compare it to a snake. She had long legs that were slightly curved when all four were planted on the ground and her long tail was curved around her body, which was a tail had a forked end. 
Her wings were relatively short in proportion to her body, although they were folded for now as her long neck was arched slightly back, with a lizard’s head that was about 5 stories from the ground if you were to compare her standing height to a building. She roared and unfolded her wings, glaring at them over the distance of a hundred yards.
Jobe said, “That’s a dragon. That’s a real live, meat-eating dragon!” 
Sheba flapped her wings and backed up with her legs spread apart, as if preparing for takeoff while the group could only stand there in horror, lingering only for a moment as their fear seeped deep inside themselves.
Then, everyone shouted in alarm and the horses turned about to run for their lives! It was all Basha could do to hold on as Talan galloped like the wind! The horses made such a racket, that soon everyone in the castle knew that the group was making its escape! 
Sheba the dragon roared and it felt like fire was at their backs as the dragon managed to hover over the ground with her wings flapping. Basha looked up one at one of the castle walls and stared as he spotted Wilama and realized that she was starting to order her Amazon warriors to fire down their arrows, perhaps with no mercy. 
He looked over and made sure that Monika was all right as she urged Deja to ride up beside him. She seemed to be yelling something, but it was hard for Basha to hear her with all of the Amazons screaming. 
Arrows whizzed through the air, but he knew that the arrows were missing him and Talan. Behind them, Sheba the dragon was still hovering in the distance, watching the action, slightly bored as she realized that she had missed some food and that now Wilama was having all the fun, that dirty old witch! 
However, Sheba suddenly smiled as she spotted something on the ground and she soared into the air, before quickly diving down to catch her prey. 
Meanwhile, Basha was still riding fast across the grounds of the castle, although he was smiling as he saw Jobe racing by backwards in an attempt to shoot down the archers with his bow and arrows and he was getting quite a good number without being thoroughly disgusted. 
However, the bard kept yelling, “I’m sorry everyone, I’m an artist, not a warrior!” 
Basha looked up and saw that the wooden gate to the castle was being pulled closed by two Amazons. Talan neighed and it sounded like a roar in all of this chaos, scaring the Amazons into running. 
Talan reared up and kicked the gate open as everyone raced off into the Darkwoods, where they lost sight of each other as they raced between the trees. It seemed that the Amazons didn’t seem willing to give chase, knowing that the group was heading into territory that they weren’t familiar with, since in a few moments, the territory of the Darkwoods ended. 
Basha and the others soon found themselves dashing across the grassy plains of the Tau Valley once more like they had done in the days before. They rode on and on for about an hour like this, still quite fearful enough in the belief that perhaps they would be pursued by all of the Amazons of Wilama. 
Thus, it was only then that Basha started to realize that Monika was calling for him as she yelled, “Stop! Basha, stop!” 
Basha pulled on Talan’s reins and asked, “What is it, Monika?” 
 Monika caught her breath as she exclaimed, “Where’s Oaka?” 
Basha frowned as he quickly turned around and saw that everyone was there, except Oaka. Joko the horse was standing amongst, but there was Oaka wasn’t riding on his back. 
Basha turned to everyone and cried, “Did anyone see Oaka during the escape?” 
Lanma replied, “I took a second’s look back and I had thought I saw Joko racing alone, but I sort of figured that my mind was playing tricks on me. The last time I had seen Oaka, he had gotten off of Joko and was walking closer to the cave, but then the fire appeared and I forgot everything when Sheba came.” 
Jobe gasped and inquired, “Do you think Oaka had enough time to even draw the Red Sword before the dragon attacked?”
Basha slowly shook his head and looked back across the empty grass towards Darkwoods, which hid Coe Wilama. He groaned softly and Talan tossed his head as he felt the restlessness of his master.
Monika shook her head and whispered, “We can’t go back. It’s impossible, Basha. He might already be…gone. Would he want you to sacrifice the quest for him?” 
Basha sighed and hollered, “No, he wouldn’t. But I didn’t look back to see if everyone made it! The thought didn’t even cross my mind! Why did this happen?” 
Monika sighed and hugged Basha from her saddle on Deja, as he silently cried into her hair. The group shifted in their saddles, unsure about what to say right now, while Fato the falcon unhappily squawked and wished that he had been nicer to poor Oaka. Basha, however, didn’t really notice anyone now, as his mind wandered towards those happy days in Coe Baba far from here, when he and Oaka had been nothing more than little boys pretending to be heroes.

It was a few days later, early in the morning on the 28th day of Juna and the 120th day of the Quest. In the fields outside of Coe Coa, hundreds of horses, wagons, and oxen were gathered about, since there was hardly room enough for them in the streets of the town. 
Gnat yawned and stomped down the stairs, still feeling pretty tired from enjoying perhaps his last taste of civilized comfort for awhile. Still, it was all worthwhile, he thought to himself as he finished putting on a red coat to match his drummer boy uniform. 
Captain Juna looked up from one of the tables in the common room and exclaimed, “Gnat, there you are! You were sleeping so late, I was afraid we would have to leave you behind!” 
Gnat smiled and told him, “Now, why would I ever allow you to do that? Come on, we better get moving! What about the other soldiers, how many are ready to leave?” 
Juna thought to himself and answered, “Of the 250 soldiers that were staying in this inn, 230 are ready, so the rest of us have to get cracking! I’ll just settle the bill with the innkeeper, and we’ll be off!” Gnat nodded as Juna got up and went to the innkeeper. 
The man smiled and saluted as he said, “Captain, it is always an honor to serve the members of our proud army! Will the bill be sent to the capital?” 
Juna nodded and said, “The treasury will find a way to pay you back for all that you have provided to my men and to myself.” 
The innkeeper bowed his head and said, “Thank you, and I hope you enjoyed your stay here in Coa! Remember to be careful, my friend, especially near the Darkwoods. There are all sorts of terrible tales of men getting lost in there, because of many fiendish witches!” 
Juna and Gnat looked at each as they rolled their eyes and tried not to snicker. Gnat shook his head and smiled, thinking how childish someone would have to be to believe in such a foolish thing as witches!

Goga was cackling, for to him, it felt like the greatest day of his life. It was now mid-morning and the sun was high above, looking down at destruction. Goga was watching from a distance as the powerful fortress known as Coe Wina burned to the ground. In fact, he was mainly chortling at how easy it had been! 
They had stormed up the hill without warning, easily shot all the archers, knocked down the door easily, and most of the people on the other side of the door couldn’t fight. They had forced all the women, children, and old people out into the wilderness and locked all the young men and able fighters into the houses. 
Then they threw torches on the thatch roofs and it was easy for all of his men to race out before the whole town was aflame. Yet even the town was nothing compared to what he had done when he found Lagotaq and his father-in-law, Malwin…perhaps such things would be in his dreams from now. 
In all, so many men of Coe Wina had been lost, but only 10 men on his side had been killed. The soldiers raided the armory of Wina, grabbing a large supply of many weapons and Hava found an interesting pile of fireworks, used to celebrate the King’s Birthday. Goga smiled at the fireworks and wondered if he could find some other use for them. So Goga chuckled as he watched Coe Wina burn in the morning air. 
Beside him, a smiling Hava, wearing a golden necklace, walked up to Goga and exclaimed, “Well, since you’re so cheerful, let’s settle down and write your account of this truly historic event!” 
Goga stopped laughing and groaned as he turned to Hava and roared, “Oh, can’t you be less accurate? Just write whatever you want to, and my thoughts will be your thoughts!” 
Hava frowned and hollered, “Do you not want to leave a legacy behind, to all of the kings that will come after you so that you could show how their noble line began when Goga claimed the throne of Arria? Now sit down, I’m ready for anything!” 
Goga moaned and shouted, “Fine, fine, for history! Now, first of all, it began because of my older brother…”

Fobata smiled down at Coe Kiki. He laughed and yelled to his loyal steward to look at it as Marlo. 
Fobata shouted, “Oh, come look! It’s the most beautiful sight in the world! At long last, I will be a forgiven man!”
Marlo shrugged and told his master, “I suppose it is pleasing to the eye, but I will hardly say this would be easy. After all you’ve done, who knows if they’ll forgive you?” 
Fobata chose not to hear and scampered down the hill as the old steward, leading the horse, followed him. By the gates of Kiki, the watch had been changed and a new guard was protecting the city from the one that had greeted the former servants of the lord before. 
One of the members of this new guard looked up and watched the ragtag pair of servant and lord come racing down the hill, slightly puzzled by what was going on. When they got closer, he could see that one man was quite well off, since he was plump and wore a gold necklace and silver rings, while the other had the look of a servant. They stopped in front of the guard and the man waited for them to introduce themselves.
Fobata exclaimed, “I am Lord Fobata and I wish to pledge my allegiance to King Sonnagh, the greatest king Arria has ever known!” 
The guard scratched his head and said, “Whatever. Since you’re a visiting dignitary, I s’pose I should let you in.” 
Fobata called for his steward and Marlo came running with the tired horse. So, this odd trio entered Coe Kiki, walking purposefully towards the castle and to a renewed life of good. 
However, on the walls of Kiki, Lord K slowly shook his head and sighed at the miserable sight as he saw Fobata enter into the city. Of course, Fobata would have done something like this to renounce him and the others eventually, but he had not thought it would be end like this. 
Oh well, at least he could prepare to go down with a fight when they came for him to sentence him the highest punishment for betrayal. Fobata had done just as many deeds in the name of the Dark Lord like him, but would probably not receive much of a punishment for being an informer. 
Lord K sighed heavily as he thought back, as he relived his life. It had been a long one and had more regret than happiness, especially regret about her…he still wondered why he had done and said all of those horrible things, but perhaps it was best. 
Who knows what plots would have been foiled if she had told everything that she had known, out of a fit of anger towards him? Yet perhaps he had hurt her too much in his plan, perhaps he had destroyed her with his own anger directed towards her? 
Lord K softly lamented to himself, but at least this, Fobata’s betrayal, all meant one thing and one thing alone without any difficulties to guess what would happen. With Fobata’s denouncements, the royal family would be warned of the invasion and Goga probably wouldn’t get the chance to take Kiki, which could have been bad and then again, it could have been good. 
If Goga had taken Kiki unawares, it would have been a great victory for Lord Doomba, but if afterwards, if Goga tried to wrestle away more power from the Dark Lord, it would be terrible! Well, now no one would ever know what would have happened if Kiki had been taken by Goga through the element of surprise, since the people in Coe Kiki now wouldn’t be shocked when Goga attacked them. 
Lord K sighed heavily and ordered his servant to follow him to his chambers to pack up. He did this in the thought that Fobata would denounce everything as soon as possible and the best thing to do would be to remain a step ahead, just before Fobata called out his name in front of everyone. 
The servant followed closely behind him, but he shouted, “Sir! I don’t know what you’re doing, but should we not call for your son? If you’re living on vacation, perhaps Peri and his wife would want to come or at least you could inform him of this strange decision!” 
Lord K shook his head, since Peri might ask questions and even though he was his only son, Lord K had never told him about his alliance with Doomba. Perhaps he should have exposed him to Doomba in his youth, when he had no definite belief in what was good or evil…yet now was too late. Peri could know nothing and if he were to leave, Lord K wanted to leave without any burdens to hinder him.
Night descended upon the plains as the creatures of the night awoke and they headed out into the wild to do what came naturally to them. A bat screeched and swerved down to catch a juicy beetle, while the wise old owl watched him. A small doe and her fawn waded through dark, brown mud that had been nothing but dirt, until the summer storms came. 
Out there, somewhere in the darkness, smoke rose close to a small grove by the winding Tau River. The group was sitting around this fire, silent and subdued after their dinner. It was now the 120th day, or the 28th day of Juna, of the Great Quest. 
After all of these days, after all 120 days, it seemed as if they could not go on with their quest, after all they had suffered from their losses. One loss was of Oaka, for when they discovered that Oaka wasn’t with them and obviously gone for good after their escape, all wished they could head back, but they had to continue on. 
Another loss had occurred earlier that morning when Lanma, Bo, Mo, and Jo announced that they were leaving. They had wanted to continue traveling with the group, yet they all yearned to return to their home to their families and to return to the University. Yet they also wished to warn others of the dangers of the Darkwoods, so that nobody else would have to face the fate of the dungeons of Wilama. They wished the group the best of luck and hoped they could find Tau’s Cup. 
When Basha thanked Lanma for taking care of him and when Monika hugged the old man, the professor had simply laughed and exclaimed, “Maybe I should be thanking you! I mean, I got to see a live unicorn, centaur, and a dragon all in one morning! Oh, to be young again and strong enough to go on this quest to see things that no mortal man has never seen in hundreds of years! But, my old age would be a burden and I think my students don’t want me to get hurt, the sly ones! Well, good luck and may Tau bless you and keep you well.” 
So, Lanma, Bo, Mo, and Jo disappeared as they rode off towards the northeast. Yet, there was another reason for the group’s silence, as they wondered about what would happen next, on the next stage of their quest across the Tau River. 
This was supposedly the barrier between Arria and the wastelands, although some people suggest it is the mountain pass known as Dragon’s Teeth. Anyway, once they crossed onto the other side, they would be very close to Doomba and his Immortal soldiers. 
Basha shivered and thought back to many days ago, when he had a dream that took place in what looked like Doomba’s Wastelands. Monika’s eyes were closed and she was mumbling something that sounded foreign. 
Fato squawked and cried, “Oh, I hate this silence! Jobe, why don’t you tell a story?” 
He shook his head and hollered, “I can’t play like this! My lute strings are still broken and my right knee feels strange. Plus, I’m not in the mood, what with everything that’s happened!” 
Pacaben just sighed and stirred the embers, unable to think of anything to say right now. Suddenly, Monika eyes’ flew open and she stood up. The group stared in shock as she walked towards the river. 
Fato whispered, “She probably is sleepwalking or so. Let’s follow her, or else she could hurt herself!” 
The group nodded in muted agreement and walked after Monika. It seemed she was about to walk into the water, until she turned and walked alongside the river to a clump of trees that Basha and the others had strangely not noticed. 
They followed her and saw that the trees hid what looked like a hole, but was actually an underground cavern. Monika walked down and everyone else glanced at each other fearfully, until they finally gathered their courage to follow her done into the darkness. 
As they headed downward, Fato’s eyes grew wide at the sight of strange figures hanging from the ceiling of the cave; figures that looked like looked like diamonds to him! He flew up and wrapped his wings around one, hugging and kissing it, until he felt cold rock and realized this was a stalactite! Jobe pointed at the stupid hawk and laughed, while Fato muttered murderous threats and for a moment, Basha almost felt like laughing, until he recalled how much Oaka would have savored a moment like this.
Meanwhile, up ahead, Monika suddenly stopped as a silvery voice whispered, “Welcome to my cave. I see, Kai, you heard me calling in the night.” 
Basha and the others quickly rushed to join Monika and they soon caught sight of a strange scene. An old woman, with long white hair, sat, hunched over, on a large rock. 
Her eyes were cloudy, a mixture of light blue and whiteness, that formed a strange mix that coexisted with each other and hinted that the old woman had very poor eyesight. Her white hair was very long, stretching down her back like a robe into the dirt where bugs crawled on her tresses. She wore rags all over, especially with a bunch wrapped around her feet. Her skin was wrinkled, and some wrinkles had wrinkles upon them. Her ears were pointed and in many stories, fairies were said to have this quality, but none of the fairies in the tales were so dirty and smelly.
The woman turned her eyes to Basha and murmured, “Ah, the young hero, the boy out on the Great Quest.” 
Pacaben frowned and muttered, “The hero? He’s the hero! This is ridiculous, he’s not fit to be a hero, unlike me!” 
The mysterious woman turned her eyes to Sir Pacaben and told him, “Quiet, knight of the realm, for you will be no hero until you bow in proper humility to those that are greater than you. Now, young hero, I believe you heard from my elder sister, the Great Oracle of Mila’s Cave of Wonders?” 
Basha thought back and back, to what seemed like a year ago in Baba. He recalled that at the council meeting concerning about whether to let Basha go on his quest, the Old Man had sent a messenger to talk to the Great Oracle about the Quest and she had given many more answers than was expected then. 
He nodded and she smiled, saying, “Do you recall what she said in her predictions? Do you think they all came true?” 
Basha thought again and said out loud, “Go out with friends and come back with more’…Yes, that did happen, as you can see. ’Several paths you choose will be changed’…’dark hounds running…in search of you’…’you will ask a question about who you are’…’The old magic is said to be gone, but it will be found again’…yes, everything did happen!” The old woman nodded and asked how this was true. 
Basha replied, “I remember that on the map, I was going to Dobila, but I changed my path. We were going to go to the coast and follow it to Coe Pidaria, but that didn’t happen, thanks to Wilama. The Black Wolves were trailing us for awhile, but I think we scared them away. I lost my memory and was wondering who I was. Everyone thought unicorns and such were dead, but we found them at Coe Wilama! Yes, everything was right! Now, will you grant us the pleasure of telling us of what is to come, Oracle of the Tau Valley?” 
The oracle woman nodded and closed her eyes. Monika, Basha, and everyone waited anxiously. Suddenly, her eyes were open and Basha saw that her eyes were now all white. The group stared in amazement and horror as the oracle said, in a monotone voice:
“I, the Sister by the Great River, all seeing and all knowing, have found the answers you seek. You have come to the crossroads and your path is clear to cross. Move onward, brave souls, your journeys are almost over. 
“The brother bear moves onward, bringing forth the scarlet lace of war to destroy all that lies in his path. Yet, the black bear that once was evil will ask for redemption as he warns the Crown of this threat. 
“A past will be unveiled of one pure who became impure, despite the fact that not even you can know everything of this past, and a destiny will be found at this time. The small bug will discover the meaning of battle and will discover someone in great need. A trap is set and danger lurks all around. Down into the earth, into the darkness and despair, but hope will arise and so will you. 
“The lion of light will march and the Last Battles for Arria’s future will take place. Lifeless things will move, a moving cloud will fill the sky, and the fire that has burnt for thousands of years is ice. Peace will come and hope as well as all lay witness to the coming of the New Age as the Prophecy once said. 
“This is the beginning of the great sagas, the greatest tales the nations of Salarria have ever known! Salvation will come in three forms that will be forever known as the Đąǽora’l, the Łäĭora’l, and the Çơřora’l and these three beings will continue the battle…until the very end.
The group silently returned to the fire, which was slowly dying. The Oracle of the Tau River had given them quite a mysterious prophecy, they thought, one quite vague in most aspects.
Monika was deep in thought and she whispered to Basha, “What did the Oracle mean by what she said, what were the secrets in all of this?” 
Basha shrugged, but then he was still thinking about it. The fortune she had given them was odd, to say the least, and it seemed to speak of things beyond their powers. How could they do any of this, how could they fulfil such a great purpose? 
Basha grew tired of trying to reason with himself and started to prepare for bed, along with the rest of the group. They still uttered not a word to each other, yet there was a new air to this stillness as they each pondered about the message of the Oracle, trying to find its hidden meanings. Monika sat in the corner, listening to the wind, thinking to herself as she tried to translate those names…the Đąǽora’l…the Łäĭora’l…the Çơřora’l…what did those names mean? 
Pacaben was off to the side, sharpening his sword, wondering about the ‘Last Battles for Arria’s future’…then he grimly smiled and laughed, as he swore to himself that whatever happened, he would be there. Yet, he frowned for a moment as he recalled how the Oracle had told him that he would not be a hero unless he bowed to great people in humility, but that seemed too strange and too demeaning for him so Pacaben just tried to ignore that detail for now. 
On the side, Jobe smiled to himself as he sat stringing his harp, thinking how wonderful it would be to be a part of the greatest tales the nations of Salarria had ever known! Fato was perched upon a high branch in a lonely tree, staring off into the night sky, as he also thought about all that he had heard. 
The falcon looked down below at the others and muttered, “What are we doing out here? We’re not heroes and it’s not like we’re the brave Knights at all…we’re just trying to get out of here alive. How are we going to make it through all of this?” 
So thus, they all soon fell asleep, beneath the bright stars high above, as they dreamed their dreams and made their plans. Yet destiny still moved on and even though none might know it, all of the Oracle’s prophecy would be fulfilled.
The next morning on the 121st day of the Great Quest, or the 29th day of Juna, Basha and his friends had gotten up early. They had gotten the horses ready beneath the sky above, and they had disassembled their camp. Now, they were all on horseback, as they looked into the cold water of the Great River. 
The sky was getting dark and the gray clouds were gathering, for there will come soft rain. The Great River roared and raged and rumbled. The river foamed and frothed, turning into what can be called ‘white waters’. 
Basha took a deep breath and looked over the water. Nobody in this group had any idea what was going on in the outside world. All anybody knew was that now was the time to cross the Great River. Basha took a deep breath and took the first step.
 
Part 3:
From the Tau River to The End


(5/29/2002)-(4/18/2003?)

Chapter 11: At the Crossroads
In the early morning, the dull sun rose on a gray, cold, and foggy dawn in the land of Arria. Rain was gently falling, splashing the cold dark water. A small rabbit nibbled some grass laced with droplets of dew and hopped away at the sound of horses’ nickers. 
It was around 7 in the morning as the mists were rising from the depths of the shadowy river. Someone coughed and several voices hushed him. 
Fato squawked and said, “Don’t do that to me! I have a right to cough; this weather is getting on my nerves! Rain is falling, it’s getting colder, and it’s a wonder I haven’t died from the flu yet! Besides, you’re making me nervous, and we don’t have to be quiet!”
Everyone else groaned and it grew quiet once more. The mist parted for a minute to reveal Monika on Deja, Pacaben on Lola, Jobe on Quint and Basha on Talan with Joko tethered behind him. 
These brave heroes didn’t know it, but people across the great land of Arria were already calling them the Knights of Arria, although they thought our heroes were someone else. The group was standing by the Great River, or the Tau River of Arria on the 29th day of Juna, or the 121st day of the Great Quest. 
For many days and several months, these brave people have rode from the forests of Mila, to the hills of Popo, and were now at the edge of the Tau Valley. They have faced dangers that were grave and horrible. They have seen many things that many have never and will never see. They know all about the trails and wonders of their land of Arria. 
Now, their journey will take a direction both frightful and strange. Once they cross the river, they will enter territory unfamiliar to them, where the creatures of Doomba are often found wandering about. 
As they stared at the black water, things were coming together all across the land, which will be revealed soon. So, Basha and his friends crossed the river slowly, as the river was moving quite fast and the rain was blurring their vision. 
Basha’s mind was suddenly swamped with images and it seemed as if everything that had happened before and everything that would happen afterwards was connected to the crossing of this river. Basha’s mind was brought back to earth when Talan started to stumble on the slippery rocks, but Basha pulled on the reins to bring him up in time. Fato flapped his wings and pushed against the wind, which was starting to grow heavier, as the rain fell hard and heavy. 
Eventually, everyone crossed the river safely, except a little wet and tired. Basha sighed and said, “Come on, everyone. It’s still early and we better get going further on.” Everyone sighed, got on his or her horse, and these brave souls moved onward, although Fato almost thought about turning around. 
Many, many miles away, almost too much to count there laid the peaceful home of Basha known as Coe Baba. It was a small town, with a population of roughly 300 farmers and merchants who supplied to the farmers’ needs. 
The town itself had only several buildings, mainly a store, blacksmith, inn, town hall, and other such establishments. Most of the people were still in bed, waiting for the morning to start while some farmers were already out in the fields. 
It was already a bit warm for such an early time in the morn and Hastin hummed a tune as he walked down Baba’s main road, which was mainly dirt and smooth rocks. For the past days and about 2 months, he had been dating Jawen, Basha’s chosen wife. 
Sadly, Jawen hadn’t rejected him at all, as you know. She had watched Basha leave and decided that he would probably be dead in a few days. So, she went off after other men while Sisila, Oaka’s faithful wife-to-be, stayed home and waited. Besides, Hastin was a very, very handsome! Anyway, today was going to be the day, as Hastin thought to himself. Hastin patted his pocket and started to sing louder:
Hey-ditty, hey-ditty, ho!
Do I have a song just for thee?
Oh, yes, but I wish I had three!
Oh, I love you truly, my dear!
If you don’t, I will shred many a tear!
Hey-ditty, hey-ditty, ha!
Hastin stopped to pick some lilies by the road and then kept on walking past the old birch tree, until he arrived at Jawen’s home. He knocked and she smiled at him when she opened the door. 
She exclaimed, “Why, Hastin! What are you doing here so early in the morning? Are you going to say something to me?” 
Hastin fell upon his knees and grasped her hands in his, as Jawen looked down speechless. He smiled at her and told her, “Jawen! I have been courting you for a very, very long time, my dear lady. For I, Hastin, have come for your hand. Will you accept this iron band as a symbol of our eternal love and commitment?” He pulled the band out of his pocket and presented it to her for her approval.
Jawen eyes widened when she saw the ring, but she smiled and whispered, “I, Jawen, do accept this iron band as a symbol of our eternal commitment. I will accept your eternal love in front of the world at the next meeting of the People. This I do swear to do and be faithful to this pledge.” 
Hastin stood up and kissed her cheek, then he cried, “This is the happiest day of my life! But if all goes well, it’ll be the second happiest day of my life within a fortnight! Do you wish to celebrate our new life together?” 
Jawen smiled as she opened the door for Hastin to walk in. For some reason, she thought for a second about how Basha would feel about what she had done, but she forgot about it in a moment. 
Later that morning, the rain of the dawn had faded away and the sun was shinning high above, as hundreds of men moved across the plains. Wagons moved at a steady pace, yet Captain Juna often turned around as he looked at these vehicles, frowning to himself. 
He groaned and said, “Why does a troop need so many supplies? With the rate we’re going, I wouldn’t be surprised if we were delayed till winter to reach the border!” 
Gnat shifted his drumsticks into the pocket of his uniform, deciding that was the most comfortable place, then he turned to Juna and said, “Don’t worry, sir, we’ll make it in time! The delay is just because of the bad weather we’ve been having, which will pass soon enough!” 
Juna nodded and squinted as he looked up into the sky, in search of clouds as his horse continued to tread on. Suddenly, a shout went up as a messenger started to ride towards them, and Captain Juna quickly halted the men so that they could wait for the man. His horse finally reached them, panting, while the messenger saluted quickly. 
The messenger said, “Sir, riders have been spotted heading this way! Shall we stop to speak with them?” 
Juna nodded and Gnat followed him as they headed to the front of the company. There, the soldiers nodded towards two horses, each with two passengers and saddle packs. 
Juna asked, “What is your names and state of business, sirs?” 
An old man said, “My name is Lanma and these are my students. We are heading back to the university near Coe Coa. Sir, may we warn you of the path you are taking?” 
 “What do you mean? Warn us, of what?” 
 “Up that road, in Darkwoods, there is a fortress belonging to a enchantress known as Wilama and her Amazon warriors. For awhile, we were her prisoners, but we are free again, thanks to the help of a young man and his friends. They were very nice, but I found their falcon to be a bit rude.” 
Gnat looked up and asked, “Falcon? Lanma, sir, are you referring to a falcon named Fato? I once met him and Basha!” 
Lanma arched his eyebrows and studied the young boy as he said, “I believe Basha did mention you, once. Are you Gnat? You are? Why, it’s nice to meet you, boy!” 
Gnat felt like laughing, thinking of how his own path was following Basha’s way! However, he quickly composed himself and asked, “How are the members of the group?”
 Lanma nodded and told him “They are all fine except I’m afraid to say that the young boy named Oaka didn’t escape. We think the dragon might have gotten him, while he was holding the Red Sword.” 
Captain Juna’s eyes widened as he said, “Dragon? What is the Red Sword? But sir, surely there are no more…oh dear, perhaps you should give more of an explanation, especially about this…dragon?” 
So, for most of the day, Lanma told Captain Juna and Gnat about everything that had happened. Gnat was surprised to learn that some new members had joined the group and he was angry with Wilama. 
“We should teach her a lesson!” Gnat shouted. 
Lanma shook his head and said, “I’m sorry, but I’m not sure that’s possible!” 
Juna laughed and said, “Not possible? Sir, this troupe has roughly 20 Calvary men, 250 infantry men, 50 people in wagons from Coa, not to mention several doctors, while your group had only 7 able fighters! I think we would be able to handle ourselves.” Lanma shrugged and decided not to bother on making any more comments. 
Soon, Lanma was waving and Gnat was yelling, “The University sounds wonderful! Maybe I could come visit someday! I’ll see you!” So, Bo, Mo, Jo, and Lanma raced off again, never to be seen in this story ever again.
It was now around noon, Lord Fobata was waiting. He was sitting in this grand chair, with a large cushion stuffed with the finest goose feathers. 
Yet Fobata was uncomfortable, waiting here in this room as if waiting for his trial. The clock seemed to tick slowly. The heat of the summer was starting to elevate and this wait made it even more unbearable. Fobata was sweating and his fat stomach was growling, since he had been so nervous that he completely forgot to eat breakfast and it was almost certain that he would miss lunch at this rate. 
He looked around and wondered if Lord ‘K’, as he was called in the secret letters, was around. Fobata wondered if he should tell Sonnagh about him and the others…no, telling the king what his own brother was going to do to Kiki when he got here was more than enough. He didn’t have to tell him about Lord K just yet, but he would certainly warn Lord K that next time, his hide might not be safe. 
Fobata sighed, thinking that this wasn’t the time to think about Lord K…he would have to tell Sonnagh about Goga, first of all, and then they would have to deal with him. Even now, he wondered how such a thing could have happened, how his own brother could have turned against him! 
He was always moody, in his ways, often off in some corner by himself when they were children and later on. The few times he had come out were when the fighting lessons took place…some of Fobata’s worst memories, in fact, were in the courtyard of Coe Eela, where he had fought Goga with wooden swords. 
Fobata softly moaned, recalling the small bruises that made him run to their mother, crying until she had given a small piece of a cake or some other treat. In such memories, as he remembered, Goga had always been standing at the edge watching them. 
Now that Fobata had the time to look back on all of these memories, he realized for the first time that their mother had never given any pieces of cake to Goga. As he pondered this, placing his head on his hand and his elbow on his enormous stomach, he wondered if such actions could affect children in those ways.
However, before he could think more on this, a servant came and said, “Sir? The great King Sonnagh is ready to meet you. Please try not to look too nervous…it makes you look bad and also try to tuck in your tunic!” 
Fobata nodded and walked into the large throne room. It was typical when compared with other old throne rooms from days long gone. There were rushes on the floor by the wall, large cloth tapestries depicting hunters, mythical creatures, and scenes from legendary tales. Two long tables were on each side of the red carpet and the table went from door to throne. 
Sitting on a gold throne at the end of the hall was Sonnagh. About 3,000 years ago, the son of King Corr of Pidaria, Marvola, left Pidaria because of the threat of Doomba’s advance. He moved to what would one day be known as the capital and named it Kiki, after his sweet mother. He was the 2nd king, and now Sonnagh was proud to say he was the 98th king of this noble dynasty. 
Anyway, Fobata noticed that the king had white hair, although in his youth he had blonde hair that was long. His eyes were gentle, yet his arms were muscular, but he was gaining pounds. Besides him was his son, Prince Womba, who was about 28 years old with his long, blonde hair. 
Fobata fell to the floor and started to crawl on his hands and knees. This was much easier than when he had done this for Doomba. Doomba had hard and cold floors, but Sonnagh had soft, warm carpet that was easy on the old knees. 
Fobata shouted, “Oh, good King Sonnagh, sweet, yet mighty king! I, once the proud and selfish Lord Fobata of Coe Eela, come to you now on bent knees to show that I am now a poor man. All of my servants have abandoned me and Goga is now in possession of Coe Eela.” 
Sonnagh nodded and told him, “I know your servants left you, because most of them came here. Once they told me about you, I, of course, allowed them to stay and you cannot have them, for they are now free to do whatever they want. However, I have not heard of this Goga you speak of. Who is he?”
Fobata sighed, sadly shaking his head as he replied, “My younger brother, who always had the impression that a inheritance should go to the most capable son and not to the oldest.” 
 Womba laughed as he said, “Personally, I agree to this, so why should we get involved in this dispute? For like any scholar would say, if a servant truly loves his master, than he must be a good man. However, all of your servants have left you and what would a scholar then have to say of your character?” 
Fobata groaned as he cried, “I know my brother! He is power crazy! He won’t stop at Eela! He’s probably march from village to village, crushing every innocent person in sight!” Sonnagh was about to reprimand him, when a messenger raced into the hall. 
He shouted, “Word has come that roughly 10 days ago that a large army had been spotted on Mt. Smoky, en route to Coe Wina! It is believed, though no reports have arrived yet, that Wina fell yesterday!” 
Sonnagh was shocked as he turned to Fobata, who smiled a tiny bit as he said, “I told you he wouldn’t stop at Coe Eela. Wina has surely fallen and next, Jawa, Gima, and Kiki. Better prepare your army, your Majesty!” 
Beneath the sun of the early afternoon, Goga was as silent as a church mouse, but he was doing something that wasn’t saintly. He and his army of roughly 400 men were sneaking up behind the small village of Jawa and they all had burning torches. 
They had been traveling a long time, and almost everyone had a lean, crazy look in their eyes. The sun was high overhead and the fire was just intensifying the heat of a powerful summer day. Goga was sweating, but not with fear, of course. He had no remorse and no guilty conscious. He took a deep breath and let out his battle cry. 
The warriors raced up the hill, most with torches, but some with swords. Men and women fell, screaming for mercy, but will probably only find it high above. Sadly, these were just the farms outside of town. 
Goga and his men marched up and up the hill as the poor people watched. Some wouldn’t give up without a fight, but they were quickly subdued. Heroes were made that day at Jawa as they fought to protect their homes, but most sadly died. 
A few people were able to escape, but had to watch as their beloved homes and families burn to the ground. Finally, by 7 PM that night, all of Coe Jawa and the surrounding farms had burnt down to the ground. The soldiers left the ruins of this little town a little richer, since Jawa was near the mines, and with a lot more food, but this was a poor, poor thing they had done. This was, indeed, the saddest day in the history of the town of Jawa.

Somewhere and at some time, someone opened his or her eyes. They were in a dark place, a cool and moist cavern. The stalactites hang down from the ceiling, reflecting what little light there was. 
This person shook their head and tried to think about how they had gotten there, but all that they could think of was a giant lizard with a tongue of fire. 
Suddenly, a voice from the front of the cave hissed, “Sleep, foolish mortal. S-s-sleep. If you sleep, it won’t hurt so much when you touch my fangs. I probably will not be hungry enough to eat you in a couple of days, so I hope you can sleep for that long.” 
This person was so tired and hurt so much that he didn’t stop to think about what this mysterious creature said. He closed his eyes and went back to sleep. All of a sudden, the only light that the stalactites were reflecting was the bright light of two red-ruby eyes in the darkness of the cave. 
A tongue lashed out and the voice hissed, “S-s-sleep…”
It, indeed, had been a very long day as the group raced through the rain in the early morn and kept going faster as the sun rose higher in the sky and it got hotter. Now, the sun had finally set and the exhausted group was gathered around the fire. 
Pacaben sighed and said, “I suppose that since we’re going to be together for who knows how long, we better learn more about each other. I better get started. My father was Duke Qima, the lord of a great country estate several miles to the east of Kiki. 
“My father was a powerful ally to the King and therefore, he was promised that the oldest son would be a knight. Actually, I was the second born and my brother Olba was to be a knight. Olba was trained ever since he was 7, the same year that I turned 4 and on that year, I started studying to be a courtier with reading, writing, history and such. 
“Then, when my brother was only 10, he accidentally fell into the large Tau River and drowned. Therefore, I was now the oldest brother and they immediately started to train me, for I was already 7 years old now, old enough to be a page. So, that's basically my story and my social breeding. Anybody wishes to tell their tale?” Basha sighed, as he thought of Pacaben’s loss so early in his life and how it seemed so much like his own.
Jobe nodded and cleared his throat before saying, “I was born in Coe Anji and had a simple life. My father was a bard and was stopping at Coe Anji for a while when he ‘made love’ to my mother. Sadly, he couldn’t sit still and had to leave quickly. 
“All throughout my childhood, he kept coming again and again to see his pride and joy, but he always left when the urge came. He started to teach me how to play the harp and I took the lessons to my heart, for it was a part of me. Just a few years ago, when I was 15, my mother and father had a long argument, but my mother gave in. 
“She said my father wished me to travel with him and learn the family business. I got closer to my father on these journeys and he told me about my ancestors on his side of the family tree. He taught me many songs and I cried the night he died at the inn we were staying at. 
“I gathered his last possessions, including this harp that had been in my father’s family for hundreds of years, or so he always told me. I went back to Anji to live there, but the urge was calling. So I kissed my mother good-bye for the last time and left. That’s my story.” 
Monika shook her head sadly and said, “All of you know my story, about my poor father and mother. Fato?” 
Fato squawked and said, “What is there to say? I was born in a nest and raised there. When I was 3 years old, Mommy flew me to the palace and told me I would be trained on how to be a messenger for the great King Sonnagh. If you all must know, I’m right now about 10 years old. Basha?” 
Basha sighed and said, “I don’t really know my mother. My mother was a woman named Kala that came to stay at an inn in Baba and gave birth to me that night. She died that night as well, I’m sad to say, and I don’t know who my father was. Habala and Geda took me in soon after my birth and they treated me like their own son. 
“Oaka had been born a week or so before me, so he sometimes acted as a big brother to me, but we were mainly like friends. Nothing really happened in our childhood, until I made my pledge to Jawen. That’s about all, nothing much.”
The group nodded and relaxed, a little glad they had told everyone whom they were. Basha sighed as he closed his eyes and went to sleep. Poor Oaka, he thought. He never got to tell anyone about his childhood, even though it wasn’t much. 
Night had come and all was still and silent. The small villagers were sleeping, dreaming of the crops they would plant or of a better life. Yet none knew that up at the palace of Kiki, most of the people in there were still awake. 
The ladies, duchesses, and countesses were all shouting out orders at the servants to pack clothes and to hurry up preparing food. The lords, dukes, counts, various courtiers, the prince, and the king were holding a session to decide what to do about the threat that Goga would certainly bring. 
They were gathered about a table, arguing with themselves as the stewards, Marlo among them, run back in forth carrying papers or water. No one else knew that among them, Lord K was silently thinking to himself, wondering if Goga would be a possible threat and that, to him, was a heavy worry. If Goga seized power, he might consider ‘bumping off’ Lord K and the others, but Lord K hoped it wouldn’t come to that. 
Nearby, Lord Ompa sat still as a stone except for an occasional shudder as he tried not to imagine what was true, as he tried not to think that his father Lagotaq and his grandfather Malwin had not survived Goga’s attack. Someone patted at him on the back and he looked up, sighing as he saw that it was his Uncle Lord Zokla, the younger brother of Lagotaq.
Meanwhile, a duke asked, “Where should we meet Goga? Should we head into the hills, which is unfamiliar territory, or fight him outside of the walls, in familiar territory?” 
All the men nodded and Sonnagh suggested, “How about 10 miles or so outside of Kiki? We’ll be close enough to retreat back to Kiki, but none of the buildings shall be in danger of being destroyed. Now, since that matter is done with, what about the general population? Shall we get them into a mass hysteria by telling them?” 
A baron said, “A mass hysteria? Are you sure? I mean, this is maybe a little routine for most towns in Arria, someone or something terrible coming and most people calmly evacuate. 
“Although Kiki itself hasn’t experienced anything like this for maybe hundreds of years, so I’m not exactly sure what will happen. I suppose we should tell them, because they will notice that every royal person in town is leaving and they’ll talk!” 
 Sonnagh nodded and said, “Right, tomorrow we’ll send criers to tell the people to evacuate, with as little belongings as possible. Another matter next is how can we get more iron and bronze to make weapons?” 
Another said, “Do you know we could make 10 shields out of one bronze statue? I vote we request permission to ‘borrow’ all statues of iron and bronze from all art collections, private and public. 
“I mean, in Ft. Ca alone, there are hundreds of statures or so in the courtyard, showing off some famous people, true. Yet it seems like such a waste to have made all of those statures years ago, they serve no purpose! Anyway, we should also apply this same principle should be applied with food and clothes.” 
 Sonnagh sighed and said, “I wish we didn’t have to do this, but I suppose our soldiers shouldn’t go without clothes or starve. You can requisite the statures from Kiki, but I think Ft. Ca is too far away to bring their statures here in time. 
“Now, how many soldiers should be in the field? We have an army of about 1200 soldiers that are within a day’s march from here who need to be assigned. So, how about we put 900 on the lines and the other 300 should guard Kiki? Agreed? Good. Hopefully, there will be time to call for more reinforcements from the north, south, east, and west.”
Lord K decided to seize this opportunity to say, “Now, we must talk about who will be in charge of the affairs once King Sonnagh and Prince Womba have left Kiki. I suggest choosing the nearest member of your living kin.” 
Fobata, sitting beside the king, stiffened a little and gave a silent frown to Lord K, who just smirked back. Hardly anybody besides these two men had looked at the records in a long time and if other people looked, they would see that the nearest relative was…well, who else but the one whom suggested it?
Sonnagh raised his head and asked, “Who said I was leaving? I must stay here to make sure everything will be fine. My son, however, shall be taken to one of the country estates to the east.” 
Lord K looked around suspiciously, but he was certain the king was too busy to ever look at the records. It must have been just some act of ‘rebellion’ on the king’s part to not want to leave.
Womba exclaimed, “Your Majesty…Father, I insist that I must stay here with you!” 
Lord Zokla yelled, “No! King Sonnagh, you must leave Kiki! For the sake of Arria, if anything were to happen to you in battle, the country would be in a chaos!” 
Lord K sighed, but suddenly it dawned on him that if Goga somehow managed to make it with King Sonnagh here…then, there would be nothing left. Sonnagh kept insisting that he should stay at Kiki to his advisors, while telling Womba that he had to leave. Thus it went on for many hours, into the morning’s glory.
Late that night, Basha couldn’t sleep and he woke up to see Monika in front of the fire, chanting. Basha had seen her like this before and hadn’t asked questions, but tonight he crawled over to her. 
He muttered, “Monika?” 
Monika opened her eyes and murmured, “Oh, hello. Are you wondering what’s going on?” Basha nodded and Monika told him, “This is known as dream-catching where I come from. Many dreams you have in the night are often forgotten in the morn, but by doing this, you can hold most of them. Do you want to try?” 
Basha nodded, but he said, “Could it be dangerous?” 
Monika grabbed his hand and whispered, “No, it’s just dreams, not real…although some do say dreams hold the key to knowing your future and the danger only lies there. Now, hold on, concentrate on the fire and try to listen to what I say. Some of your dreams could be nightmares, but don’t let go.” 
Basha closed his eyes and breathed the fire deeply, inhaling the smoke. Suddenly, images came to his mind. He saw himself as a baby crying in a crib and clutching the locket with his tiny fists. 
Then, he saw himself as the 8-year-old boy promising that some day, Jawen would see him. He saw frightful images of tall men with the nostrils of a terrible beast, the giant bird that he had seen on the same night that he told Jawen she would see him. 
He saw wolves with blood red eyes bursting apart and tall men that floated over the ground and stared at you with black, unblinking eyes. Jawen, Monika, Iibala, Lady Lika, Wilama…every beautiful girl that he had ever seen rushed by and he always felt tempted to kiss every one of them, except for Jawen. 
Suddenly, a terrible image appeared from nowhere, an image of fire…Coe Baba burning, people screaming, looters roaming the streets, mothers crying for mercy, children clutching their favorite toys as they stood watching their homes burn. Horrible cackles filled the air and he turned about to catch sight of a group of people fleeing; there was a young man of 16 that somehow seemed familiar and a young woman of 13 clutching a baby. 
Before he could understand this, he came to see a golden city, where the streets were clean, gardens of immense beauty were abundant, the people sang happily, and no one was sick or could die. Then he saw a lion reaching up to swat at a dragon. The last thing he saw was mist, so deep and so impenetrable, and strange figures walking through the darkness. He quickly removed his hand from Monika’s hand and breathed the air in deeply. 
Monika asked, “Basha, did you see anything?” 
Basha shook his head and said, “I saw…nothing. I’m sorry, but it didn’t work. I guess this fire didn’t open my mind enough. Well, I’m tired. Good night, Monika.” 
He rushed to his blanket as Monika sadly sighed and put out the fire before going to bed. Basha shivered despite the warmth he had received from the fire and the mild, lazy heat of this night, while he hoped that he wouldn’t dream tonight.
Day dawned and the group yawned. It was now the 30th day of Juna and the 122nd day of the Quest. They gathered around the cooling embers, and got them roaring again. They heated up some leftover pheasant from last night and ate some bread they had stolen from Coe Wilama. 
Fato muttered that he was dying from malnutrition, until Monika let him have her bread. They then repacked some of the packsaddles and rolled up their blankets and pillows. Monika petted Deja and checked his hooves, but nothing seemed to be wrong with them. 
Jobe checked his lute and sighed, so he fixed some of the strings and tuned it. He strummed a note and nodded, quite satisfied. Fato licked himself like a cat, until he thought he was thoroughly clean. Basha and everyone else jumped onto his or her horses, and the horses broke into a steady trot. Jobe cleared his throat and started to sing. 
In the middle of his loud, off-key song, Monika finally couldn’t stand it and she yelled, “Jobe, please, stop!”
Jobe gasped and nearly dropped his lute as he exclaimed, “I’m shocked! I thought you like my songs!” 
Monika sighed and said, “I do, but…Jobe, you are not one of the best singers in the world. You tell good stories, my friend, in such a way that they can come alive…you should stick to that instead of your songs.”
Jobe stared at her, and then he suddenly smiled as he whispered, “Yes, perhaps you are right! I have noticed in the past that more people throw coins towards my way after my stories then after my songs. Yes, I could build my whole act around stories…I should start working on how to collect them, though, although I could get some stories from this whole trip, I’m sure. Until then, maybe I’ll have some tales about Dalan…” 
He kept talking, but everyone ignored him. Fato groaned and asked Monika if she had any earwax to stop the buzzing sound.
Later, Basha pointed to something ahead of them and he asked, “What is that?” 
The group looked over and saw what looked like a small town, but something was different. There were only several buildings arranged in a circle, and even from where they were, they couldn’t see any action going on. The roads in and out of town were totally empty and didn’t seem very treaded on. 
Pacaben whispered, “It seems abandoned, but I don’t know. What’s on the map, Basha?” 
Basha scanned the map and said, “It say that there’s a Coe Wan by the river, but it seemed a little closer. I also noticed that the dot for the town is almost invisible, a bit hard to see. Should we go take a look?” 
Pacaben nodded, but replied, “Yes, but we must have a silent approach to keep your eyes and mind open for anything suspicious or any movement. Now, move out!”
 
Chapter 12: The Daughters of the Goddesses
Talan shook his head and nervously treaded upon pebbles and grass. The group reached the small and silent town of Coe Wan. In the lead, Pacaben had one hand on Lola’s reins as his hand seemed almost easy as it clutched the hilt of his sword.
Basha noticed that Monika nervously touched the Blue Sword of Arria, and she whispered, “Just in case.” 
Basha nodded and turned towards the town. He took out his mother’s locket and rubbed it, looking at the lock that he could never open. Suddenly, Pacaben halted the group at a distant sound. 
A howl rose through the air and the group turned towards the center of town. There sat several large black dogs, growling and snarling, snapping their huge jaws at the horses. The horses grew quite frightful and raced off away from the spooky town. Finally, as they got farther away from the town, the horses were calm and the group relaxed. 
Fato screeched, “Those dogs could’ve scared off one of a cat’s life!” 
Basha reached down under his shirt and felt the most frightening thing in the world: the locket wasn’t there. He recalled back several minutes and a mile ago, when he took it out from under his shirt. 
He looked back and exclaimed, “We have to go back! I dropped something, something very important!” 
Pacaben sighed and cried, “I’m sorry, but did you see those dogs? The horses were so sacred and those dogs were horrible!” 
Basha nodded, but he explained, “The dogs aren’t immortal and a sword should scare them off. I’ll just leave Talan a good distance away from town so that he won’t be frightened. It’s very important to me. Please, may I go? You can wait or follow me.” 
Pacaben sighed and told everyone to follow Basha back. A few moments later, the horses were waiting by a rock and the group of four people and Fato the falcon followed Basha into town. 
Basha walked through the town and finally stopped to a place close to the center of town. He nervously glanced at a building nearby and, indeed, he saw the dogs staring at him from the shade of the building, attached to wooden posts by long pieces of rope, but they weren’t interested in him anymore. 
He scanned the ground and smiled at the glint of gold on the grass just an inch from the porch of a tall building. Basha walked closer and bent down to grab it and almost bit his tongue when he saw another hand reaching for it. 
He looked into the face of a middle-aged lady wearing coarse robes with a soft, but fierce look in her face. She paused and Basha quickly grabbed the necklace. Then, the middle-aged woman grabbed his wrist and squinted at the necklace. She grew white and studied Basha’s face. 
She murmured, “What is this, young man?” 
Basha whispered, “This is all I have of my mother, whose name is right there.” 
She inquired, “What is inside?” 
Basha sighed and replied, “I never had the key.” 
The woman then reached into a pocket in her robes and took out a strange metal instrument. Basha took a peek behind him and saw everyone frozen, looking at the woman and what she held. Fato gave a purr of wonder at what was going on and because Monika was absently petting him. 
The woman managed to put the instrument into the hole and turned it. The lock clicked open and Basha shook quietly. He shook and wept and the woman held him like a little boy. 
Fato whispered to Jobe, “What just happened? Did I miss something?” 
Jobe shrugged and said, “I’m not sure what. I hope someone will be able to explain this.” 

Someone opened their eyes and looked around. He was in a cold, dark cave with stalactites hanging from the ceiling. The man tried to get up, but groaned and sat back down as he looked at his bleeding left leg. 
There was a sword lying nearby…the Red Sword, that was its name, he realized…but it was too far away and his leg hurt too much. The man looked around and screamed at the tall, towering form looking down at this puny human. 
It was a lizard-like creature, but too tall to be any lizard. The colors were too bright and too vivid and seemed to have a light all of their own. The eyes were large and piercing with no pupils, just red rubies reflecting the dim light. The tall creature had sharp scales and massive, scaly wings that could barely be seen. 
The lizard asked, “Have you never seen a dragon?” 
The man whispered, “I’ve never seen one…until now, I guess. What is your name?” 
The dragon hissed, “It is Sheba and now I must have the courtesy of knowing yours.” 
The man gulped and whispered, “It’s…it is Oaka. Why didn’t you eat me when you had the chance?” 
Sheba sighed and murmured, “I wasn’t really hungry and I’m not hungry now, but…my hunger can come anytime. The best way to prevent it is to keep me entertained. First, tell me about your travels, for you must have come from far away, probably.” 
Oaka nodded and nervously started to tell the tale of all that had happened thus far, as far as he knew. Sheba watched him as he started the tale, but then she started to settle down with a small smile as she received the feeling that this would be a good tale, perhaps one of the best she had known in a long time.
Gnat was walking silently besides Captain Juna along with about 348 more men. They were walking up to Coe Wilama in stealth style, mainly walking slowly while trying to hush the sound of the horses’ hooves, the clanging swords, and the wheels of a catapult. 
Not one guard could be seen on the wall of the castle, for most people didn’t come to attack Coe Wilama. Captain Juna checked the sun and it was roughly late afternoon on the 30th day of Juna and the 122nd day of the Quest. Juna figured that the people of Coe Wilama were tired from the relentless pounding of the sun, so that they must eventually decide to take a nap and the afternoon is a good siesta time. 
Juna nodded and ordered some of the soldiers to load a rock on the catapult to announce their arrival. The rock was put on and fired, shaking the foundations of the castle and destroying most of a battlement. 
Meanwhile, Juna had been right about the siesta nap, for many of the women, including Wilama, had their dreams interrupted by a dull bang. For some in the tower, their dreams would continue forever more, sadly. Wilama looked out her window and saw one of the trees in the forest fall down. 
She realized what was happening and screamed, “Amazons! To arms! To arms! Battle is upon us!” 
War chants rose and battle gears were strapped onto the shoulders of 550 Amazon warriors. The animals were awoken and Lunar the centaur calmly watched a hundred warriors race across the animal courtyard to climb onto the walls. 
Wilama walked majestically onto her balcony, wearing her armor of gold and a long, double-sided sword that gleamed in the afternoon sun. The warriors paused and waited to fight, as the door was pushed open and almost all of the soldiers under Captain Juna rushed inside, while some stayed with the catapult. 
Screams that didn’t sound natural rose into the air as the Amazons charged upon the soldiers. Metal clanged against metal, but sometimes it met unprotected skin. Wilama went into battle with the heart of a lioness charging into the heard of antelopes. The soldiers fought onward as rocks whizzed overhead, towards the mighty towers of white stone that would soon fall to their knees. 
Meanwhile, Oaka was saying, “Then, Fato flew back to us and told us that Basha had lost his memory. Again, Monika saw that the small door within the main door, which was used to pass food inside, was around Fato’s size! So, she pushed him outside and he came back soon saying he saw the keys, knew which room Basha was in, and had found no guards, but plenty of swords! 
“So that night, Fato went out to grab the key, brought it back, and we were out! Then there was this tearful reunion and we got out of the prison, into the courtyard. We saw a unicorn and we soon learned that this wasn’t any ordinary place, to keep all of these amazing creatures, especially you. Anyway, then you came…and that was about it.” 
Sheba sighed and said, “What a story, I have never heard such a great tale told for many years. There were many men who have come, but none had a tale such as that. I remember…” Suddenly, Sheba lifted her ears, then she turned about towards the entrance of the cave and growled as Oaka grew quiet. 
She turned her head slowly around to regard Oaka and she told him, “Something has happened. I hear nothing, but something must have happened. Stay, my dinner, I’m going to go check it out.” 
Oaka laughed softly, for how could he move when he could barely walk? Yet, still, there was the reference to dinner…perhaps Sheba was getting hungry. 
Sheba stuck her head outside and saw that the nearest wall had collapsed. A steady stream of strange creatures ranging from unicorns to centaurs to lions to gnomes rushed out of the limits of Coe Wilama to spread about Arria.
For many years afterward, Arria would be filled with these creatures and Arria would be known as the land of magic once again. 
Anyway, Sheba looked around to the right and saw hundreds of Amazons that had fallen in battle. She looked to the left and saw a large army of men. Some were bloody and some of their friends had fallen in battle too, but they were still victorious. 
One man turned to the dragon and they all turned. Another man of medium height and with plenty of strength walked forward. Everyone was silent as man and dragon stared at each other.
Sheba said, “I am Sheba of the Red Dragon Clan…perhaps the last member of this clan as I have kept no contact with them. Who are you, human?” 
The man said, “I am Captain Juna, the commander of these men, the men of King Sonnagh. If you are loyal to Wilama, be warned that your master has fallen and if you wish to leave, you must do so without protest.” 
Sheba looked at the large army and said, “I have no loyalty to Wilama when all she did was cage me against my will and feed me. I will go quietly now, as long as you do not try to kill me. Oh, by the way, I had something I had wanted to eat, but I suppose you can have it. Farewell, humans.” 
The dragon lifted her wings and beat them, slowly and then faster and faster. At last, she lifted high into the air, and even though she was quite heavy, she flew gracefully through the air towards the towering mountains of Popo. 
Captain Juna sighed and said, “In a way she looks beautiful. Too bad the farmers will worry more about her appetite than marvel at her grace. Oh, well. Gnat, go into the cave, please. She probably has some dead pig in there.” 
Gnat sighed and some of the soldiers laughed as he walked into the dark cave. Gnat grumbled slightly, still hearing the taunts of the men, wondering why he had to do the dirty work. 
He paused at the entrance and tried to look in, wondering what had been the dragon’s ‘dinner’. Strange shapes, quite grotesque indeed, came to him and he started to wonder about Oaka…what was left of him? 
He shivered slightly and headed in, still fearful of what he would find. As he headed into the darkness, he looked around and relaxed a little, thinking that this was a little like the cave he had played in back at Coe Eela, except this was much bigger. 
Gnat looked up, down, and around. He saw no dead animals, but there were some dark corners in the back of the cave. Gnat shivered, wondering what a dead animal would look like, wondering about the smell of it. Gnat walked slowly, when suddenly, he heard a growl. 
He turned to the shadows and was quite shocked to hear someone say, “Ow!” 
Gnat was surprised when he realized this was probably the dragon’s dinner. Then his eyes bulged when he realized that the groan sounded very familiar and he could guess why. 
He whispered, “Oaka, is that you?” 
Silence, and then Oaka shakily whispered, “Gnat? What are you doing here?” 
Gnat raced through the darkness and nearly tripped over a sword, before he stopped to get down on his knees to look at Oaka. The young man’s leg seemed to be infectious, and no wonder after all he had gone through in the prison and in here as well. 
Gnat looked at Oaka and asked, “Oaka, it is wonderful to see you’re alive! Tell me, does it hurt?” 
Oaka shook his head and whispered, “No, no, I’m fine, just fine. I just want to find Basha, is he out…” Suddenly, Oaka felt a stab of pain from his pain and grimaced, then he groaned as it grew dark.
That night, a very hot summer evening, the moon was high in the sky and overlooking the small town of Coe Wan. The chickadee bird sang his song, while the mockingbird mocked him. A wolf howled in the south, shushing the noise of the crickets and the birds. 
Silence lasted for a moment as the animals of the night made sure the wolf was far away, before going back to their business of eating, singing, or being eaten. Soft glows and lights came from the clusters of buildings that dominated most of Coe Wan. In all, there were 5 buildings in this complex with 3 other separate buildings that appeared abandoned. Inside a long building, there was the large dinning hall, where many women and our heroes were sitting down for dinner. 
The song in this hall was the musical sounds of Fato chewing, gulping, and eating his food. They sat at the front end of the table and at the head was Mother Yamana, the leader of this community of women. 
Sitting beside Basha was the middle-aged woman from earlier that day, the woman named Foqwen and she sat staring at Basha with wide eyes as Basha nervously shifted underneath her gaze. 
At last, he inquired, “What is this place, if I my be so bold as to ask?” 
Yamana said, “This is a sanctuary for the Daughters of the Goddesses. Here, we devote our life and soul to the goddesses such as Mila, Himalen, Gorban and Quela. In fact, the name Wan means ‘woman’, and that was the name of Za’s wife, although many do not know this. Anyway, we have a special place to worship them and a building to write down words of knowledge and spend the time between services.” 
Monika nodded and said, “That sounds lovely, but we are curious. It sounds like this is a lovely place, but why did Basha’s mother, Kala, leave here? Who was she?” 
Yamana nodded and said, “Kala was a young girl when she was given to us. She was the daughter of a rich country duke, I think Duke Kotak was his name. She was his 3rd daughter, I think, and it is often a tradition to give a third of your property to the temples, such as your 3rd goat or your 3rd child.” 
Suddenly, Foqwen shook her head and lifted it as she whispered, “No, Mother, she was the 5th daughter, as I recall, and Lord Kotak was his name. Then again maybe she was his 3rd daughter, it’s hard to remember nowadays.” 
Yamana cocked her head and sighed as she said, “I’m afraid my memory is a little rusty, although Foqwen does remember very well. Anyway, so at the age of 10, she was given to us. She was a sweet girl with lovely blonde hair that was short and curly. She was as sweet as honey, but so pale and frail looking. 
“Anyway, for about 12 years or more, she lived with us. She was intelligent and exceeded at reading the Old Chronicles and rewriting them. Then, one day, she was in our garden and a man rode in, a man that was very bloody with a sword wound in his back. 
“He was a young man, wearing a good shirt and trousers, with some golden lace on the shirt and a sheath on his belt, indicating knighthood. From my memory, he was about 28 with short dark brown hair, almost like your own. 
“Anyway, we took care of him, but Kala took quite an interest in him. She spoke to him about her life and he told her all about his when the fever left him. He stayed for about 2 months in our hospital and they became very close, in love in fact. I recall how they worked in the gardens together and often rode off throughout the lands around the abbey. Finally, he got well and it was his last night with us, which relieved us in a way.” 
Pacaben interrupted, “Wait, why did it relieve you? I mean, should they not have fallen in love?”
Yamana sighed and said, “I suppose I sort of wanted them to fall in love, but it was sort of wrong, for Kala had promised to remain pure to be a nun, here at Coe Wan. 
“Anyway, on that last night, the young knight and Kala sneaked off into the forest and they did ‘it’, which was against our rules. For if you dedicate yourself to the Daughters of the Goddesses, you must dedicate your heart, mind, and body. The sisters must never do what Kala did after you take the oath, although some of them were married before they became nuns, but they had to be widows for awhile by the time they taken the oath. 
“Anyway, Kala came and confessed this to me, the Head Sister at that time. So, we packed a bag full of clothes, kissed her good-bye, and she left us forever with the young knight, and that’s all I know. I have no idea what happened afterwards, but I’m happy to welcome the son of Kala to this place. You may stay here as long as you wish, dear boy.”
Basha asked, “I suppose that clears it, but what was the name of the knight?”
Foqwen sighed and replied, “I believe the name was Sir Minnow.”
From the back of his mind, Basha recalled that when he first met Pacaben, he mentioned that Basha looked like a knight named Sir Minnow from many years ago. Basha turned to him and he looked as if he held the same memory in his grasp. Pacaben whispered, “I will tell you everything I remember tonight.”

Oaka groaned as the soldiers’ doctor put some more stitches on his left leg. The doctor said, “Stop moaning and just be glad I didn’t have to sew it back onto your knee! So, how did this happen?” 
Oaka said, “Well, I had suffered another injury on that leg and it grew worse when the dragon grabbed me with his teeth to drag me carry me back to the cave, or so I guess.” 
Captain Juna walked in and asked, “How is the patient doing, Doc?” 
The doctor said, “He groaned a little, which is understandable, since I have run out of rum and whisky to ease the pain.” 
Juna laughed and told the doctor, “Oh, you’ll get plenty more. The Amazons did have a doctor with lovely supplies and plenty of wine, whisky, and rum. I sure I can get a ton of it for you if I can just get the casks away from the soldiers!” 
The doctor chuckled at that as well, as Oaka turned his head to Juna to inquire, “What about the Red Sword? Did someone get that out?” 
Juna nodded and said, “Yes, a soldier got it out, although he’s on a bed over there, preparing to get stitches for the sores and bruises on his hands that he got from it. It’s in the doctor’s wagon, and it will stay there when we start to travel. Well, hope to see you on your feet soon, Oaka!” The two men laughed and left Oaka in the tent. Oaka sighed and lay back, but another guest had come to visit him. 
“Hello, Oaka,” said little Gnat. 
Oaka said, “Nice to see you. By the way, I’m still curious about how you’re a soldier?”
Gnat smiled and cried, “We left him! All of us servants, we marched out of Coe Eela with Juna in the lead. Boy, I could just laugh remembering Fobata’s face! 
“We walked all the way to Kiki in hopes of finding new homes and jobs. Most of us men wanted to show loyalty to the King, so we decided to join the army. We were on the march, when an old man and some younger fellows came and told us about Coe Wilama and the evil enchantress and her hundreds of Amazon warriors!”
Oaka nodded and said, “I suppose that was Lanma and his students, going back to their homes. Did they mention me?”
Gnat nodded and whispered, “Yes, they did. They noticed you were gone an hour or so outside of Wilama. They think you’re dead.”
Oaka groaned again and they were silent for awhile. Finally, Oaka looked up and told him, “Gnat, I’ve enjoyed it here, but I have to go on and find them! Basha needs me, even though he probably never knows it. Can you convince Juna into trying to catch up with Basha and the group?”
 Oaka smiled and nodded as he replied, “Sure, and we’ll finally have a real adventure! Don’t worry, I’ll talk to him right away. Bye, Oaka! Get some sleep and we’ll probably be leaving when you’re better!” 
Oaka nodded and groaned as he closed his eyes, and as Gnat raced out of the tent. The sun was starting to set and Gnat remembered to grab a small wooden sword, knowing that this was close to his lesson time anyway. 
Ever since they had left Kiki and if Juna wasn’t too busy, he had been giving Gnat sword lessons around sunset, and now Gnat was doing well, perhaps well enough to advance to using a real sword. Anyway, at the edge of camp, Gnat found Juna waiting for him with his own wooden sword. 
Juna looked up and smiled as he said, “Ah, I see you haven’t forgotten all about me, now that Oaka is awake. You seem eager tonight, ready for the lesson?” 
Gnat nodded and asked, “Juna…I have been thinking about something, about Oaka. He really needs to find Basha and it’ll be hard…Basha is going to Pidaria, after all, and I’m sure Oaka can’t go after him alone, what with all of the dangers. Do you think that…maybe we could go there?” 
Juna sighed and said, “I don’t know…this is a very daring mission, to enter the Wastelands all for one man. Also, we are supposed to be border guards for King Sonnagh…we’re supposed to be protecting Tau Valley from the Wastelands, not going down there and leaving them defenseless.” 
Gnat lowered his head sadly and said, “I…I understand if you don’t want to do so, Captain. I was just thinking it would be quite an adventure.” 
Captain Juna smiled and shrugged as he said, “Anyway, who knows? Maybe we can go there…just give me some time to think and then we’ll we need some time to wait for Oaka to heal. He can’t very well ride a bumpy wagon with his leg in bad condition.” 
Gnat looked up and smiled as he said, “Thank you, Juna, I’ll do anything for you, if you just give me this small favor! Now can we start the lessons?”

That night, Foqwen led the group around the complex of the Daughters’ home. She pointed out that beside the long dinning hall, there was a hospital, the nuns’ sleeping quarter, the kitchens, and the study hall/sewing rooms. 
Outside of the complex were two storage sheds for food and another for garden equipment and hospital equipment. She then led them to the last building, a small guesthouse where Sir Minnow slept many years ago. There, they got into their beds as Pacaben grabbed a chair. 
Fato flew onto the back of the chair and muttered, “I hope this story is much better than Jobe’s stories.” 
The response to this was Jobe’s shoe knocking Fato off the chair. Basha ignored this, already leaning forward so that he might hear the story as best as possible, so that he might resolve the mysteries of his heritage. Pacaben shifted in his chair, a little uncertain about telling Basha the tale…the tragedy of his parents that he had forgotten for so many years until this day, when he must tell the tale to his mentor’s son.
Pacaben cleared his throat and said, “Gather round, for I have a story to tell that takes place about 17 years ago. I had started training as a knight by becoming a castle page at the age of 7, so I was there when it all happened. 
“I recall that a Sir Minnow came home one day from the south, and many women of the court were a little jealous that he came home with a woman. There was a small wedding ceremony at the royal court and some time passed as Kala and Minnow became one of the more popular couples in Kiki. 
“She was lovely and he was one of the best knights, a perfect match for people to love, and there were some cheers when it was announced that she was pregnant. Soon afterwards, I don’t exactly remember what happened, but I think someone insulted either the honor of your father or mother, perhaps because of some slight. 
“Local color has it that this person was a stable boy, but he really was a knight, except that he had recently served stable duties as a punishment for some fight. Yet, your father challenged the other person to a joust in the morning, and many came to see the results. 
“I fear the defender was much better than your father, for he knocked him down and gave him a very serious wound. It did not heal and your father died, I’m sad to say. 
“The other knight disappeared, rumors had it that he was banished by a lord, and they invited your mother to stay, but she politely declined. So, she left and thus ends the tale of Sir Minnow and his fair wife.” 
Pacaben finished and everyone went off to bed, as Monika looked at Basha with anxious eyes. Monika closed her eyes and went to sleep, so no one noticed that Basha cried for 30 minutes before he could sleep.
Early in the morning on the 31st day of Juna, a little child was playing ball outside of Coe Coa. He was giggling and laughing, enjoying his innocent game on this bright, sunny day. 
Suddenly, the ball rolled into some bushes and then it rolled back to the boy’s feet. The boy was curious as he looked down at the ball, wondering how that could have happened, when the bushes rustled. 
He cocked his head up as a horse walked out of the bush, but the curious thing was that this horse had a horn. The unicorn looked around and then gave a whistle. 
The unicorn then walked by the boy and out of the bushes came more strange creatures, all of which were following the unicorn. The boy stared as the lion, once the great hunter of the Tau Valley, now lazily turned his eye on the boy before continuing onward. 
A bird known as a peacock walked by and its tall, sweeping tale hid several gnomes, little men who liked darkness more than daylight, who were walking behind to take shade from her feathers. A sphinx stopped to ask the little boy a riddle, but she was disgusted that the boy knew the answer was a sunburned penguin. 
A griffin, half lion and half eagle grabbed the boy’s ball with his beak and crushed it. The boy cried, until one of the centaurs calmed him down and patted the little boy on the back. 
Even more amazing creatures walked by, but were too numerous to even name here and now. Finally, they were gone and the boy raced home to tell his mommy about the parade of monsters, and his mother promptly spanked him for lying.
Far away at that same time, in the darkness and gloom of the Wastelands, a shadow stirred in its throne of ebony. He had been deep in thought for days, not eating or speaking to anyone at all as he tried to see all around him. 
His eyes had wandered about the lands for days, trying to find those that eluded him, yet they were beyond his grasp, for now. However, he had caught a small glimpse of something…it could have been nothing, but he would take not risk losing another chance. 
He shouted, “Captain Zza! Report here immediately!” 
A tall Ghoulman walked over and said, “Yes, my Dark Lord, do you have a task for me?” 
The Dark Lord, or Doomba, said, “Yes, I have a task for you, an important one. The children come closer and closer, and I wish you to go out and capture them. Create a ambush, do something and bring them to the Pits. Except for the Lion, I am not sure who that is. Just choose one of them and bring that person to me.” Captain Zza nodded and quickly floated out of the throne room. 
The little creature known as Gringok passed by Zza on his way out and bowed before Doomba, before rising to say, “Master Doomba, you are the most evil…thing that the world has ever known.” 
Doomba laughed and said, “Why thank you Gringok, that is a wonderful thing to say. Is the cell ready for our prisoner?” Gringok nodded and Doomba replied, “That is very good. Gringok, your obedience continues to amaze myself, which is why any prisoner that remains after the attack will be in your charge. Guard them well.” Gringok cheered and raced off, with the shadow smiling at him.
Meanwhile, Lord K groaned when his old bones creaked as he woke up from his slumber, with the bright sun glaring down upon him. In recent years, he had started to hate rising out of bed, for his bones and body creaked, cracked, and groaned every time he did. 
Sometimes, he felt that there was no reason to get up, that life was getting too hard. Yet, he persisted onward, knowing that someday, maybe soon if everything worked out, life would be perfect. Softly, there came a rap upon his door and Lord K groaned as he rose up onto his feet and slowly ambled over to open the door. 
He frowned at the man standing there and he said, “Peri, what are you doing here? You should be back home at the estate, not here.” 
The man was around 35 years old, his light blonde hair scattered all about his head, with one or two white hairs starting to show, as was usual with most men by the time they reached this age. Peri was as pale as his hair, a sickly look clung to him and his eyes were red-shot from lack of sleep due to worries. 
Peri managed to smile and cough as he cried, “Father, that is no way to greet your only son! Anyway, I’m just here to give some tax to the king, you know, the regular stuff! So, Father, how does it feel to be a grandfather soon?” 
Lord K groaned and bellowed, “Don’t tell me that wife of yours is pregnant again? You lost your 3rd child about a year ago I reckon! That’s what I get for marrying your mother too late, to get such sickly children who will bear me nothing but stillborn!” 
Peri coughed and frowned as he told Lord K, “It wasn’t my fault I was weak! Anyway, Plin and I have tried to be really careful, so there could be a chance that this one will make it. Wish us luck!” 
Lord K sighed and exclaimed, “Best of luck to both of you, my boy. However, I fear that you better go now, because you might be catching a cold from me! I’ve been sick all week!” 
Peri sneezed and gasped as he shouted, “Oh my goodness! I had been thinking something was wrong, so I shall head off to the doctor immediately!” 
Peri ran off then, slamming the door behind him as Lord K smiled and muttered, “Silly boy, I’ve been using that excuse to get rid of him for half of his life! He should have caught on by now!”
While that occurred, Peri dashed through the palace halls and headed down some stairs just as Lord Zokla and Lord Ompa climbed up past him. The two briefly glanced behind them to see the man racing down more stairs just as they reached the top of the stairs to turn down the hallway. 
Ompa turned to his uncle and said, “Thank you, Uncle Zokla, for talking to me about my father…you’re a wonderful uncle. How is my dear cousin Papia, is he doing well?”
Zokla nodded and replied, “Papia is doing well, such an active young fellow, I must admit. He is very exciting about getting the chance to fight Goga, for after all of his training as a soldier, he hasn't received any practice yet. I fear that he may be a little too aggressive…a few times, I have tried to talk to him about the more peaceful ways of protecting Arria, but he hardly listens to such talk.”
Ompa sadly shook his head and muttered, “Yes, I can understand your fear…my father and yourself, whenever you visited Wina, you taught me such lessons. Negotiations, alliances, treaties, spy work, trade, study of foreign nations and other non-aggressive forms of protection will forever be important to me. Anyway, Uncle Zokla, will you have to leave soon?”
Lord Zokla sighed and told him, “Yes, for I am certain Papia would force me to if I hesitated…most of the nobles here have already left, if they have no heart for the fighting. Ompa, I know that I cannot convince Papia to leave Kiki with me, but what about you? You have no knowledge of the fighting arts, so thus you would be helpless to participate in any battles and more of a burden than anything else.”
Ompa shook his head and explained, “My head knows that this is true, that I will have no experience to act like a soldier in the battles against Goga here, but my heart cries another tune. For all of my passive ways, I do want to be the first to hear of Goga’s death or to perhaps witness the event for myself after what he has done to my father and grandfather.”
Zokla slowly nodded and murmured, “I understand your feelings, for Lagotaq was indeed my brother and Malwin was truly like my father…so now I wish you luck. I wish that your desire of Goga’s death will be fulfilled, but I also wish that your inner peace should remain intact for the rest of your days. Keep watch over Papia, for he might not care enough for his wellbeing in the fighting to come…farewell, dear nephew.”
Ompa nodded and shook hands with Zokla before his uncle embraced him. They parted and waved good-bye, as Zokla turned to finish packing in his room and as Ompa went off to eat breakfast.

At that same time, the nuns of the Daughters of the Goddesses had come to bid the group farewell. Yamana emerged from the crowd of nuns and handed a book to Basha. Basha was a little stunned by this, for books were so few and valuable. 
Basha asked, “What is this, Yamana?” 
Yamana said, “This book in your hands is ‘The Book of the Knights’. In here, it tells the legends of the Knights and also talks of the Swords and the Wastelands. Your mother sent this to us from Kiki about a year or so after leaving us and that was the last time we heard from her. Enjoy it and may Tau be with you.” Monika said thank you as Pacaben loaded the new food supplies on Lola. 
Jobe cried, “That’s a lot! Are we really going to need it?” 
Pacaben told him, “I’ve heard that there are no animals in the Wastelands, at least not any that are particularly tasty.” 
Fato looked at the book and said, “Dusty old thing. It’s absolutely useless. Can I ‘go’ on it?” Monika grabbed Fato by the scruff of his neck and carried him away from the book, before giving him a little smile and dropping him. 
Basha said, “Yamana, thank you for your gift and thank you for your generosity. How can I ever thank you for telling me about my mother?” 
Yamana said, “There is no need, but know only this. Wisdom is a gift that for now belongs only to few. But someday, the weak shall one day gain wisdom from books and wisdom will give farmers a chance to rise above their station. Farewell, Basha, and gain in your wisdom.” 
Basha thought this was a strange thing to say at this time, but he soon forgot what she said. The group rode off as Pacaben saluted the nuns while Jobe sat on Lola, strumming his harp as he tried to think of a song to honor the nuns at Coe Wan. Fato flew high and the nuns marveled when he performed some aerial tricks, causing the falcon to cackle happily as he flew away. 
Monika smiled while she turned in Deja’s saddle to wave to the women as she shouted, “Basha! Come on and wave to the Daughters of the Goddesses, they’re giving us a proper send-off after all! It’s the least they can do for us, as we head off into the Wastelands far from others…come on and wave!”
Basha shrugged and urged Talan into a gallop as behind him, the nuns stood in front of their abbey waving good-bye until the group disappeared. Then the nuns slowly lowered their hands and Yamana looked towards the distant, with a strange look in her eyes. 
Foqwen slowly stepped forward and bowed as she asked, “May I speak to you, Mother?” 
Mother Yamana nodded and told her, “Certainly, my Daughter, speak of whatever you desire.” 
Foqwen looked around, to make sure that none of the other nuns could hear, before she whispered, “You remember, don’t you, what we read in there? The Prophecy, of the Đąǽora’l, the first verse…do you believe it, Mother? Why else would Kala have sent it to us, all those years ago? Could she have guessed, could she have known about her son’s destiny? Yamana, tell me, please?” 
Yamana looked at Foqwen and couldn’t help thinking of this 35-year-old woman as she had been so many years ago, when she had been just a novice, with her bright eyes that still retained their glow. As a young woman, she had always looked to her elders for help and it was such help was given freely by the kind nuns, especially by the Sisters that had not been much older than her like Sister Kala who had only been 5 years older than Foqwen.
Yamana looked towards the south and whispered, “I do not know much about that, but if I know…perhaps it is him, perhaps by chance. The son of a knight, living among the common and unknowing. He will go to a holy place and learn of his origins. And…perhaps Kala could have made a guess and would have been right. However, I must tell you my Daughter, it is not our place to make such inquires until it can be proven that he is the one that the Prophecy spoke of. So please, ask no more of me, Foqwen. I am more tired than I have been in years.” 
Foqwen bowed and mumbled as Mother Yamana staggered by her in old age, into the shadow of the convent. Foqwen turned her head once to stare off towards the distant south, perhaps wishing to catch the faintest sign of Kala’s son that held her spirit…yet there was no sign and she turned away towards the stone-cold convent.
 
Chapter 13: The Book of the Knights
By now, Oaka’s leg was well enough for Captain Juna’s troop to head southward. Captain Juna ordered the camp to disband and by the late morning, the camp was torn down and everyone set off. As the troop traveled, the cavalry division went on ahead, while the infantry division stayed behind with the supply wagons to bring up the rear. 
Among the supply wagons, Oaka and Gnat rode in the doctor’s wagon, although the doctor was riding his horse now and they were alone with the supplies except for the wagon driver. Gnat had spent a good hour or so talking about the sword lessons that Juna had been giving him, but he soon grew bored about talking of this, especially when Oaka had mentioned sword moves that Gnat had yet to be taught. 
Then, Gnat started to plead to Oaka to tell him about what had happened on the quest, until Oaka finally gave up and started the story soon after they had left Coe Eela. A few moments after he began, the wagon driver leaned over to listen to the story that Oaka told as the young man continued to speak. 
A bird flew by and landed on one of the wagon’s horses, startling the poor animal and the driver paused to rein in the horses and calm the lone horse down, whispering soft words. Finally, the horse was calm and the driver hurried back up onto his seat to flick the reins, setting the wagon back into line with the other supply wagons as Oaka sighed and decided to continue his tale. 
Oaka looked back towards his audience as he continued the story where he left off, by saying, “Well, anyway, we were leaving Jawa the night after Jobe had performed his little concert. It was several days later and we were walking through a narrow valley on our way to Gima, when suddenly, we were surrounded! 
“There were Black Wolves everywhere! All up and down the hills, there they were, growling at us and menacingly approaching us! We quickly pulled out our swords and arrows and got some, but there were too many of them! 
“Then, I took out that Red Sword there, which we had gotten at Coe Wina, and a Black Wolf was blown to pieces! I mean, there was like some magical red fire that came from the sword and the wolf burnt into ashes! I’m telling you, this was the truth!  Anyway, as I dropped that Sword in fright, Monika grabbed her Blue Sword and a blue orb appeared and burnt every single Black Wolf!”  
Gnat smiled and the wagon driver leaned over and queried, “I couldn’t help hearing, but did you say a blue orb? A bright blue orb that looked like a second sun?” 
Oaka answered, “Yes, that was it. Why do you ask?” 
The driver laughed and informed him, “My friend in Coa knows a soldier in Kiki that has a sister in Gima and the sister is dating a shepherd. Anyway, the shepherd saw the big orb and he told everyone he knew and they told everyone they knew! In fact, I suspect everyone in Arria knows about it! Although, some think they this was a sign of the coming of the Knights of Arria, if you can believe that! Well, I can tell my friend when we return that it was just a bunch of kids messing with magical swords.” 
Gnat smiled and exclaimed, “This is perhaps the strangest thing I’ve ever heard of! What do you think of this, Oaka?” 
Oaka sat for a moment, frowning to himself as he wondered if there was any meaning to all of this…if there really would be a coming of the Knights again. After all, the Swords of Arria had to be some sort of sign…he then glanced over and saw that Gnat was patiently waiting for his answer. 
Finally, he just shook his head and told Gnat, “I have not a clue what to make of this, I really don’t.” 
Gnat shrugged and looked away, yet Oaka couldn’t help glancing at the Red Sword lying nearby him…but he shook his head as he firmly told himself that he really had not a clue. The wagon driver shrugged and flicked his reins to urge the horses to move faster as the day rolled by.
That night the group was gathered around the fire and Monika was pouring her eyes all over the book. They had eaten already and were slightly bored, waiting for her to tell them about what she was reading.
Monika exclaimed, “This is so exciting! According to this, there are about 10 Swords in existence, of course, but it lists the types! The Red Sword is fire, the Blue Sword is water, Black Sword is death, there is one with a Stone hilt for stone, White for spirits, Gray for shadows, Yellow for air, Green for plants, Brown for earth, and a Bone hilt for animals. Apparently, they were created to control the elements they stood for!”
Jobe nodded and remarked, “That sounds neat, I guess. So, the Yellow Sword would make the wind blow really hard or so, right? Was there anything else?”
Monika replied, “Well, they could do other things, also. Water, which the Blue Sword stands for, is usually considered healing. The Green Sword could possibly cure a whole field of rotting crops and you could use the Red Sword to light a fire, or so.” 
Pacaben chuckled and went over to the Blue Sword as he cried, “Ha, let’s get another campfire going!” Yet, when he reached down to grab the Sword, he withdrew his hand quickly and yelled, “It bit me! It bit me!” 
Monika reached down and stopped in surprise as she murmured, “Strange, that it should such a thing to Pacaben, although something like that happened before. Remember everyone, the Black Sword once shocked Oaka. Why didn’t the Blue Sword shock me?” 
They tested on the Blue and Black Swords, since the Red had disappeared with Oaka, and they noticed something. Monika and Basha were the only ones that could touch the Blue Sword while Basha was the only one who could touch the Black Sword.
Fato tilted his head and inquired, “Basha, how come you can touch all of them?” Basha shrugged, but was slightly disturbed by it. 
Monika shrugged and told the falcon, “It probably means nothing.”
Jobe asked, “Does it say anything about the Wastelands? I think in our current condition, we really need to worry a little about it.” 
Monika nodded and answered, “Yes, there is quite a large section on it. There is little to none vegetation or animals. It reports that if you see anything, you probably shouldn’t eat it. He has several servants, many you won’t like. They are Black Wolves, Gruelmoffs, Trollas, and Ghoulmen.  It doesn’t say much else, just that there are some ruins.” 
Pacaben looked up and queried, “Ruins? You mean, people used to live in the Wasteland?”
Jobe sighed and responded, “Of course they did, back in the days of Corr. Why, the Wasteland was once a part of the Tau Valley, and very beautiful. I think they built a town called Coe Lima, but must of the townsfolk fled to the north when they heard that Doomba was coming. Bit of a shame, I suppose. Well, I guess I better go do my ‘business’, so talk amongst yourselves.” 
Jobe wandered off, as everyone snickered and giggled a little, although Basha’s giggle was a little tense. The Swords were a mystery to him and he couldn’t help wishing that Oaka had been around, for maybe he could have also touched the Blue Sword at least to prove that there was nothing special about him. 
A few minutes passed by and Jobe returned to camp to find that the others were all setting up their blankets, but Basha was still staring at the fire. The bard glanced at the others before he walked over to sit beside Basha, humming softly to himself for a moment.
Basha sighed and gazed at Jobe as he muttered, “You certainly have an interesting method of trying to start up a conversation. I bet you’re worried about me, right?”
Jobe shrugged and informed him, “Well, Basha, not everything is about you. I’m just sitting here, enjoying the warmth of the fire, so it’s not my problem that you’re already here. However, I must say that life…life can be hard and I know this well since I’ve faced many troubles as a penniless bard, but it continues. Sometimes it seems…like we’re so inconsequential, wandering the earth for awhile before we disappear into the earth. Still, we leave our marks and I am certain that when you pass on, you wouldn’t want all of your friends to waste their lives mourning.”
Basha arched his eyebrows and whispered, “Well, perhaps I may have been mistook your reason for being here, although I can sort of understand your message. I won’t mourn for Oaka all of my life, for that would be useless, but right now I feel like there is no way yet that I can let go of my grief. Plus, all of this…I’m starting to feel like we’re in a desperate situation.”
Jobe frowned and inquired, “What are you talking about?”
Basha waved his hand and replied, “I know it sounds crazy, but this whole thing is starting to turn into some kind of story! I mean, we’re not heroes, but we’ve still got the Swords of Arria, we’ve seen animals from out of legends…let’s face it, there is something odd about all of this. I don’t know what else we can expect, but I don’t think we’re out of danger yet…we may not even survive.”
Jobe scratched his head and murmured, “Well, Basha, perhaps we shouldn’t dwell so much on these questions since it’s too depressing. For now, I want to try and look at the bright side of life or as much of a bright side that is left to us. If you’re right about this turning into a story…I know we’re nothing special, but I hope that we can try to be heroes. I hope that we might be strong and clever enough to do whatever will be required…to be worthy of a good story, you know? No matter what happens, I am glad that I came with you all and if we do survive, I would be proud to present this story to audiences.”
Basha chuckled and shouted, “Jobe, stop thinking like a bard! Come on, help me put out this fire, everyone else is trying to go to sleep!”
Jobe grinned and nodded as the bard poured a bowl of water over the fire and Basha stomped it out. Fato snored from his perch on a bush and Monika grumbled as she rolled over in her sleep. Pacaben opened one eye and watched Jobe and Basha walking to their blankets, but then the knight closed his eye and drifted off to sleep.

It was the morning of the 32nd day of Juna and the 124th day of the Great Quest as Iibala laughed happily and cried, “Oh, Jawen, I am so happy for you! Oh, sometimes I wish I had chosen Hastin, but he probably would’ve said no.” 
The girls at the well laughed, although some of the laughter was a little taut in the consideration of Iibala’s scandalous reputation. Jawen absently nodded and crooned a little tune. 
Iibala inquired, “Have you and Hastin made any arrangements yet?” 
Jawen smiled and answered, “Well, we asked our parents and for the most part, the dowries have been chosen and they’re so thrilled!  Well, we’re thinking about having a small ceremony near the end of Juli, with everyone in the village invited. There will be cake, dancing, the tossing of the bridal bouquet…it’ll be so lovely and so jolly. Then, I will be the wife of Hastin and my life will begin anew.” 
All of the girls sighed, but one girl coughed and every head turned to Sisila. Sisila just quietly dipped her bucket down the well and didn’t look up at anyone until she pulled it up, brimming with water. 
Sisila looked up at Jawen and murmured, “Yes, I suppose it will be so lovely, but I suppose you have forgotten your vows. Basha is doing all of this for you and the least you can do is keep faith.” 
The girls looked away as Jawen walked slowly towards Sisila. Sisila gazed steadily at her, not moving a muscle when Jawen was standing just an inch in front of her, so that the two women were only staring at the other.
Jawen whispered, “I kept my faith for as long as necessary. Everyone kept their faith for as long as necessary and then they…came by to whisper how sad they were for my loss. They even held a short remembrance ceremony for Basha and Oaka, even though you never came. We all must move on with our lives; this has been the way for centuries. For years, the people have survived hardship and plague and they moved on, never sitting in the darkness, crying for days without end.”
Sisila sighed and murmured, “I’m not sure what to make of you, Jawen. You love him and deep down in your heart, you know he’s still out there, on his quest just for you, no thought of any glory whatsoever. I have seen your shadow pacing in front of your window at night and you feel restless inside. Yet, you have gone against your feelings and have fallen towards safety with Hastin, a simple man with no real ambition. Well, someday I hope Basha comes back, with the Cup and amazing tales, and you know you must live the rest of your life with a wishy-washy husband. That is all I have to say.” 
Sisila roughly grasped the handle of her bucket and turned away from the well and the girls, careful not to spill any water as she carried the bucket back to her home. Jawen stared at Sisila’s back as she walked off, before returning to the girls and their mindless droning of weddings and banquets.

Meanwhile, Goga was riding his dark horse, laughing alongside some of his captains as they rode down into the valley. Most of them had acquired several necklaces, rings, bracelets, and one received a lovely new sword. This had all been part of the food and riches that were plundered from Coe Jawa and Coe Wina before they burnt the cities to the ground. 
They were now halfway to Coe Gima, which they would plunder before moving on towards Coe Kiki. Goga finished his conversation and turned to a strange sight that made him frown. All about, the hills were blackened with ash and soot, while dark heaps littered the ground. 
Hava, the young soldier-scribe probed one of them with a stick and yelled, “It looks like a wolf!” 
Goga growled and bellowed, “Someone came and destroyed these servants of my Dark Lord! This is an injustice that has been dealt onto us and at Gima, we will collect our revenge!” 
The soldiers cheered and Goga lifted his hand, smiling, as Hava slowly approached him and whispered in Goga’s ear, “General Goga, these wolves…this was surely done by no ordinary fire. It almost appears like…magic. What think you of this, sir?” 
Goga muttered, “If it is magic, then we are searching for a magician, or a Master. Whoever it might be, we will find them. Now, get out your book so that I may record this tragedy.” 
Hava nodded and he changed from a gruff soldier into an orderly scribe. As Goga started to speak, an arrow whizzed by and Goga quickly gathered his men into an attack formation. At the top of the hill, a shape stood and signaled, bringing forth a score of men that looked down upon the force of 500 and more men. 
The men slowly advanced as Goga and his soldiers watched the movement with suspicion. The leader reached the front of Goga’s men, who parted like a wave, and then this man circled around Goga, wary of the stranger. 
Goga shouted, “I am General Goga, and I march onward to my fate! Who are you?” 
The leader raised his head as he declared, “My name is Shama, and this is my band of hill bandits. I have heard of you from the survivors of Wina and Jawa before I robbed them as they fled. Anyway, I ask you if you favor the darkness of night?”
 Goga smiled and chanted, “I embrace the darkness, for the darkness is power and in the night, the power is not light, but evil.” 
Shama smiled a little, before saying, “You march for Kiki? Yes, I am quite certain you are. General Goga, as you dub yourself, I am quite pleased to offer you my services in your army. Since we are all servants of the same master Doomba, we surely have similar goals in our hearts and thus, we shall become comrades! What say you to this?” 
Goga scanned the band of 6 robbers before saying, “Are there more, do you have connections to every robber of the hills?” 
Shama smiled as he replied, “But of course, and they will gladly serve another servant of the Dark One. Most of them are just a day’s journey from here, possibly over 600 I believe.” 
Goga absently nodded as he looked at his force of roughly 500 professional soldiers and about 200 men that had deserted from Wina and Jawa. Finally, he nodded, hoping that with his high numbers, he would be able to hold off Shama if the thief turned into a traitor. 
Shama had also counted Goga’s men and it wasn’t hard to pick out the professional soldiers from the peasants. All 600 of his thieves were skilled, while Goga had only 500 skilled soldiers and even though he wouldn’t betray Goga just yet, it would be easier to do such an act when they had captured Coe Kiki. So, as they gave the other snakelike smiles, they shook hands and the soldiers cheered.
On the 33rd day of Juna, the friends stopped at around noon, to take a look at a marvelous sight. Basha got off Talan and walked forward a few steps, before looking down. 
Monika smiled at the sight and proclaimed, “The power of it is spectacular, and its beauty matches it!” 
Jobe laughed and exclaimed, “By my word, Monika, I was going to say that! Although it would have been the magnificence and splendor of this sight is only matched by its ancient strength! This is a vision which mortal man beholds but once in his existence with so much awe!” 
Pacaben laughed and declared, “You’re both wrong! No words that have been created yet could tell of its beauty.”
Fato chuckled and cried, “Well, so this is it! This is the mighty ocean!” 
Everyone, even the horses, looked down a steep cliff, onto the waves pounding the rocks and the gentle sound of the seagull cried out as it soared down to catch a fish. Out in the distance, the sun’s rays gave the water a lovely shade of blue and green, although there really is no word for the changing colors of the sea. As they watched, they marveled at the sight of a dolphin jumping up before falling into the water. 
Fato sighed and muttered, “I bet it could be better.” Everyone groaned and Pacaben knocked Fato off of his saddle. 
Basha’s cloak fluttered on the breeze, but he paid it no heed as he whispered, “I bet Oaka would’ve loved to see this.” 
Monika sighed and said, “Basha, it’s not your fault, I keep telling you that.” 
 Basha moaned softly as he murmured, “I was the leader of this group and I was supposed to protect everyone. Oaka would be back home with Sisila and our parents if it weren’t for me.” 
Monika told him, “At least he got to see things he would’ve never seen if he had stayed at home. He would have wanted you to continue this quest, for everyone.”
 Basha nodded and Monika turned her head away from him. Then, she paused as she watched the drifting waves and turned her head back to Basha. Basha looked up and gave Monika a puzzled look. 
Then, all of a sudden, before Basha could do something to push her away, Monika leaned forward and gave him a little peck on the cheek. Basha’s eyes grew wide as Monika turned around and quickly raced away. 
Pacaben frowned as he watched Monika and started to walk after her. She turned her head and saw that Pacaben was following, so she halted there on the cliffs and took a deep breath, still unable to face him.
Monika sighed and turned around to face Pacaben’s irritated gaze as he asked, “So, Monika, is that why?” 
Monika angrily responded, “That wasn’t why I pushed you away. Oh, maybe it was…I don’t know. Basha is so sweet, he’s got a good, caring heart and have no idea what I’m doing, I admit it.” 
 Pacaben threw his hands up in the air and yelled, “What about me? Are you saying that I’m bad? I mean, come on, I’m even better than he is! I have had the best dueling instructors, I had to learn how to run a manor, and I’m probably far more intelligent than he is! I know things like that I was named after King Pacaben of Arria, who lived from 1240 to 1300 DA, and was the son of King Zamin the 1st!” 
 Monika moaned and cried, “That’s not my point! Look, you may have all of that and even then…Basha is different from you, maybe even a little braver to do such a thing as all of this and he’s so kind, and…I just can’t explain it! Besides, you have met many girls, and I even bet you went to bed with them. Well, they’ve probably been with half the men at court and I’m not that type of woman! I want a guy that is sweet and faithful and I haven’t met that many guys who fit that category. Basha is faithful, I mean he has to be to go on a quest like this for Jawen!” 
Pacaben sneered as he told her, “You know he will never leave Jawen, especially after all the trouble he’s gone through just for her!” 
Monika glared at Pacaben’s smug smile, but she simply declared, “Time passes, and sometimes the heart grows weary.” 
 Pacaben exclaimed, “There is another saying of ‘As time passes, the heart grows fonder’!” 
Monika was about to reply, but she turned her head and walked away. Fato followed her, purring and she sighed as she scratched his ear in his favorite spot. 
Sir Pacaben growled as he watched the young woman walking away, kicking at a clump of dirt, as he felt angry with himself for having said such things to Monika. The knight shook his head and glanced toward Basha, who was still standing at the crest of the cliff with his cloak fluttering in the wind as he stared down at the ocean, lost in his thoughts. 
Pacaben sighed and wondered what was the matter with him, jealous of a man 9 years younger than him who had already suffered so much. He studied Basha as he just stood there, and felt something stirring in him…it was an odd feeling that this knight could not truly understand. 
Yet, later on in his life, Pacaben would think upon his feeling then as he fought for king and country, with loyalty and a strong sense of duty, because of his friendship with the king. 
A day went by as the group walked along the cliffs by the sea. Basha hardly said a word about Monika kissing him, although he sometimes was surprised to find himself thinking about her a little. 
He wished that he could go down and walked through the waves, but the cliffs would keep going and only dip down to sea level in a few days. Basha sighed and reached down to grab his water canteen, only to make the realization that it was nearly empty.  
Monika rode up to Pacaben and told him, “We’re running a bit low on water, and there’s not a water hole in sight. I checked the map and to the northeast is Lake Alber, and it’ll be the perfect place to stop. Can we please head over there?” 
Pacaben looked around and said, “All right, I suppose we ought to head over there, then. Listen up, everybody! We’re going to the northeast for awhile, so turn your horses about!” 
Joko snorted as he was pulled by his lead on Talan, yet he turned away towards the right direction. Basha turned his head to the ocean for one last yearning look. Suddenly, he looked down onto the rocks and he could’ve sworn he saw a beautiful woman, waving to him down below. 
Yet, her body seemed wrong, since she had a fish tale instead of legs. Basha rubbed his eyes and she wasn’t there anymore. Basha was confused, yet he just sighed as he followed Jobe on Quint, Monika on Deja, and Pacaben on his horse Lola while Joko the horse had his reins tied to Basha’s saddle. 
They traveled for two days as the sea air and the seagull cries drifted away to be replaced by the smell of the grass and the cries of the forest animals. Every night, Jobe would sit by the crackling fire and tell them a tale, before Monika took her turn reading from the ancient tome that was their guide. 
Late one night in Coe Kiki, Prince Womba was on the walls, patrolling the guards to check if they were vigilant and alert. He nodded towards the young man named Papia, who nodded back to the prince briefly, but kept his eyes straight ahead. 
His father Lord Zokla had left awhile ago, gone off towards the estate of one of their friends, and occasionally his cousin Ompa stopped by his room in the palace to see how he was doing. Papia didn’t care much for Ompa, recalling how Zokla had spent so much time with his nephew instead of his son, but he couldn’t think of that now. Suddenly, Papia blinked and leaned forward over the rampart of the wall, staring off into the darkness of the night.
Womba had turned around and noticed Papia’s intent gaze, so he shouted, “Sir! Do you see something? Report to me at once, lieutenant!” 
Papia turned, saluted the prince, and told him, “Your Highness, I am not sure, but I think I see a parade here, a strange procession indeed.” 
Womba looked out and reeled back in shock before he gasped as he roared, “Send for men and lamps to make sure we are both seeing what we are seeing!” 
A few minutes later, a silent group of guards holding lamps looked out across the valley and King Sonnagh stood by his son’s side and whispered, “Such a thing has never been seen for more than 2,000 years.” 
Before them was a silent procession of the ancient creatures of Arria, the creatures that had been released from Coe Wilama several days ago and all of the men stared at the wonderful animals. Papia gaped at the scene, unknowing that Lord Fobata was standing beside him, for the lord had come up to see what the clamor was about.
Fobata raised his hand to yell, “Excuse me! Will one of you come over here to tell us what is going on?” 
Lunar the centaur, upon hearing this, stepped forward to the walls and lifted his head to roar, “We march onward, for something calls to us to come! We don’t know why or where, but it calls for us to come and stand or fall! Now, I cannot say more for even now, it cries for me to come back!” 
The centaur rushed back into the march of the animals as it finally passed by Kiki and disappeared beyond their sights. Sonnagh murmured, “I could never guess what would call out to these proud beasts in such a way…these creatures that we have thought to be dead for so long. Yet I suppose there are other things to come, more important than this battle we will soon fight with Goga.” 
The men on the wall stared at each other, wondering if their king’s thoughts were true, but they soon decided not to think on this now, with their duties of guarding Coe Kiki. Papia shook his head and muttered to himself as he touched the sword by his side…he didn’t quite agree with his king on this matter and he felt that these beasts out there were useless. 
How could they ever be useful in any fight, in any battle if it called for great numbers, tactics, and strong weapons? No, they would be no use in any battle for Arria’s glory, even if a miracle helped them…even if the Knights of Arria helped them. Papia grimly snickered at such a thought before he looked out towards the distance, standing straight and true for his patrol.
Late one night, on the 36th day of Juna and the 128th day, Monika murmured, “Well, I’m just about at the end of The Book of the Knights. There’s only one page left, here.” 
Pacaben nodded and asked, “So, does it give us anything, any advice about the Wastelands?” 
Monika sighed and said, “No. All it says is, ‘Dear reader of this book, many years ago there was written a prophecy, the prophecy of the defeat of the Dark Lord. This is ‘The Prophecy’, written in 4 parts and 4 verses:
‘The battle will be fought and the dragon and the lion must fight,
O, who shall rise up and be the lion of light?
This child is born from an impure womb,
Yet he is the purest of all.
He shall grow ignorant of the past,
As he lives far to the north.
Love will be the decision-maker,
Yet there is more than love to this tale.
Off he goes, searching for the dowry,
While the fiancée he loves will find another.’

‘Thrice will he be captured and held,
Thrice he shall escape beyond copse and headland.
Danger will gather round and his dire needs,
Shall summon the revival of the Great Swords.
Far away, one is growing strong,
As he marches onward.
Suddenly, a discovery shall be made,
And creatures thought to be dead still walk this heavenly sphere.
Suddenly, one of them is gone,
Great misery they have for their companion.’

‘As he stands by the Great River,
Unknown events all across the land are unfolding.
The lion will go to a holy place,
There he will learn of his origins.
Rebirth will come to him,
As past pain leaves him evermore.
In places of great misery and injustice,
He will bring revolution to the slaves.
He and his friends race off,
And they meet an army and two friends, supposedly gone forever.’

‘As the fire burns, the smoke rises, and stone moves,
Battle calls rise above the entire land of Arria.
They’ll beat a tattoo at twenty ’til two,
And the dragon will come at the beat of the drum.
Allies will come from near and far,
And the sky will be darkened by something that isn’t a cloud.
Great loss will be known by all,
As a legend is made that day.
Finally, the dragon and the lion shall meet,
The dragon will fall and fire turn into ice.
At last the battle is done and the greatest gift is found,
So ends this journey and The Prophecy.’”
As Monika ended the verses, the group lapsed into silence. Jobe lifted his and asked, “Monika, does that whole thing sound familiar to you?” 
Monika said, “Well, the first parts sound vaguely familiar. But you don’t really think that…?” 
Fato answered, “The whole thing is nonsense, utter nonsense! I mean, B…uh, I mean, none of us will ever be immortalized in such a way. Besides, prophecies, fate, and seers are all false and fakers! Now, I suggest we forget about that little ‘Prophecy’ and get back to bed!” 
The group nodded and crawled back under their blankets, but as the moon overhead shone on them, Basha couldn’t sleep. He kept out of his blanket and crawled to Monika, who was also lying in restlessness. 
He whispered, “Monika, do you think that…I’m the lion? ‘The lion will go to a holy place, there he will learn of his origins’. That sounds like the nunnery at Coe Wan! And the oracle at the Tau River, she spoke of ‘The Prophecy’, I remember! What think you of all of this, Monika?” 
Monika sighed and said, “I’m not sure. Basha, if you are destined for a great future, then I suppose this will be. I’m not sure if all prophecies and seers are false, but this is all I know. Come what may, we will stand up together. If we must fight a battle for Arria, we will do this with all of the vigor we have.
“If you are to face…the Dark Lord, then we will support you and we will cheer if you triumph. Basha, I am sure that we would follow you to the ends of the earth, for we are all companions and our lives depend on each other doing our part. If everything in The Prophecy happens, then you may be the lion of light. The best we can do is hope that everything will end happily and allow whatever happens to happen. Now, go to bed, Basha.” 
Basha sighed and lifted himself back to crawl to his blanket. In the distance, the nightingale sang its sweet song, which lulled Basha into a sweet, dreamless sleep.
The next day, the 129th day of the Great Quest and was the final day of Juna and the season of Plig, when the group finally reached Lake Alber, just in time since the horses were getting a little thirsty. Basha laughed and raced into the water, splashing water on his face and sipping the sweet, cold flavor of water, so different from the contained and sanitized taste of water from a canteen. 
Jobe got out his harp and started to tune it, wondering a little if he could make a song about water. Fato flew into the branches of a tree to take a nap, since the lake made him think too much on the fact that he couldn’t swim. 
Pacaben dived into the water and started to wrestle with Basha a little in the midst of the lake, where Basha fought with him in good-heartily fun. Monika smiled as she sat down in the grass and prepared herself for meditation, tuning out the sounds of everybody else and just concentrating on her inner self. 
Meanwhile, the wrestling continued and Basha was chuckling hard as he pushed Pacaben into the water. Pacaben went down laughing and Basha could see the bubbles rising out of the water. 
The bubbles did keep rising up, but Basha suddenly had a strange feeling that something was wrong. He tried to look down into the water for a glimpse of Pacaben, but the water was murky and dark. 
Suddenly, Basha thought he saw something in the water and as it came closer, he realized who it was and smiled at Sir Pacaben’s face. Pacaben came out of the water, got a big gulp of air and shrieked. 
Basha screamed as Pacaben tried to swim and run out of the water as the horses on shore neighed out in cold-blooded horror! Monika’s meditation was interrupted, Fato nearly fell out of the tree, and Jobe’s harp suddenly lost a string as he sat up and stared at the lake. 
Basha slowly backed away from the water as a large shape started to rise out of the water. He turned around and screeched as he raced towards the shore, occasionally falling into the water and gasping as he lifted his head. The water seemed calm, and no bubbles rose from the depths. 
Suddenly, the light reflected off a point of metal as a long sword rose from the water and suddenly, a piece of black cloth rose out. Suddenly, a large head covered with a black hood rose from the water and more rose, yet none of them appeared to be wet at all. 
The Ghoulmen were suddenly all the way out of the water, when the first head of their shadowy horses rose above the water. The ghoulish horses roared and started to gallop as the water in front of them parted. 
Basha’s moves suddenly seemed sluggish and awkward as he struggled out of the water and onto the shore. Jobe helped him up as Pacaben let the first arrow whiz towards the black warriors. The arrow went up and then came down into what appeared to be the heart of one of the black warriors, but he only twitched before moving onward. 
Jobe screamed, “Ghoulmen! Stop, Pacaben, let’s move!” 
Pacaben growled at the soldiers as they started to put their ‘feet’ on shore, before racing towards the horses. Basha started to race to Talan, but he turned and saw Monika trying to grab the Blue Sword. 
Basha grabbed her as he yelled, “It won’t work, just leave them!” 
Monika shouted, “Didn’t you see what it did to the Black Wolves? Those Ghoulmen don’t stand a chance against these!” 
Basha whispered, “Let them know we have three of the you-know-what? That’s just like shouting we could be the you-know-who!” 
Monika sighed and dropped the Sword just as the Ghoulmen started to ride faster towards them. Basha suddenly stumbled and as he tried to get up, a hand reached down and he screamed as a Ghoulman plucked him from the ground like a limp doll. 
He looked around as another Ghoulman leapt his horse in front of Lola, causing him to buck and bolt while Pacaben fell to the dirt and was snatched up again by a Ghoulman. Jobe tried to whack a Ghoulman with his harp, but the Ghoulman just grabbed the harp, broke all the strings and picked up the dumfounded Jobe. 
Monika tried to fight off a Ghoulman with her regular sword, but he just shoved it away and picked her up. Fato tried to attack one of the Ghoulmen, but he just swatted Fato, sending him flying off, the flight being cut short by a tree. 
Joko, Talan, Quint, Lola, and Deja snorted and slowly got in line behind the Ghoulmen, for the horses feared about what may happen if they didn’t stick with their masters. The packs were still on the backs of the horses and Basha hoped that they didn’t find the Swords of Arria in Talan’s pack. 
The Ghoulmen rode off, past Lake Alber where just several minutes ago Basha and Pacaben had been laughing and wrestling. Basha looked at the crystal-clear water, so blue and cool, and for some reason he started to cry. 
Fato groaned and opened his eyes awhile later, confused about the world around him. Suddenly, his brain came back to him and he groaned again as he looked for the group, but the Ghoulmen had been gone for a long time. 
Fato sighed and murmured, “I’m all alone…I guess that’s great. No one around to hit me when I make rude remarks and no one for me to make remarks to. I can do anything I want.” 
Fato looked all around, perhaps for some crazy squirrel he could laugh at, but all the animals had been scared away by the Ghoulmen. The silence of the clearing around the lake disturbed him, when not so long ago he could hear the chatter of the humans and other animals as he watched over it all from the branch of a tree. 
Fato grumbled and managed to pull himself onto his claws with his wings as he squawked, “I don’t need anyone! I don’t…” 
Suddenly, Fato felt an itch on his head. He tried to get at it with one of his wings or talons, but they couldn’t reach that annoying itch. 
Then, images flashed through his mind of Monika…Monika, scratching that little spot. Monika smiling at him so sweetly that he purred. Oh, how happy she was when he told her where Basha was at Coe Wilama! Fato just sat there for a moment, purring at the sweet laughter of Monika. 
Suddenly he groaned, and cried, “Fine, I might as well go look for them! Maybe she’ll give me a little scratch in the good spot!” 
So, Fato stretched his wings and flapped his way up into the air, as he searched for a nice air current. He found the perfect one and off he went, gliding along the breeze as he purred in remembrance of Monika’s last good little scratch.
 

Chapter 14: The Lesson of the Pits
Sonnagh looked down from a window in the high tower, at the people swarming down below. In the streets, donkeys and horses nervously kicked up dirt as their masters loaded the wagons the animals were hitched to. One woman clutched to an ancient quilt, crying as her husband tried to make her leave it behind. 
On Apple Lane, traffic going out by the Sky Gate was halted due to several overturned wagons and on the next street over, a man grabbed his child before they could be run over by a speeding wagon. Those that were too poor to have a wagon had to carry all of their belongings with them, most of which would probably be abandoned on some lonely road in the middle of nowhere. 
His eyes finally turned to the gate leading outside, where a long line of citizens stretched into the distant, going to manors all throughout the Tau Valley. Goga’s Death March was heading straight to Kiki, and thanks to the advance warning of Fobata, all the innocent people would have time to leave. 
The soldiers, advisors, several courtiers, and, although there had been some concerns expressed by just about all the members of the royal committee in Kiki, King Sonnagh was to stay inside the city to prepare for battle. He wondered, not for the first time, what will Kiki be like when the people come back? 
Will they find their homes as they were and Goga’s forces defeated? Or, even as terrible as it was, will they find Kiki burnt to the ground and the terrible Goga as their new king? 
Sonnagh had no answers to this question, but all he knew that as long as it was in his power, he would try to keep the people’s homes safe for them. A knock on the door, and Sonnagh turned suddenly from the window as the image of a stern king, full of bravery and wisdom, not doubts or worries. He opened it and softened a little at the sight of his son, Prince Womba. 
Womba frowned at his father and proclaimed, “Father, I am staying and that is finally.” 
Sonnagh groaned and shouted, “You are leaving and that is the end of it! I will not put Arria’s future in danger and I will never put you in danger!” 
Womba laughed and retorted, “Father, you think me still a boy, don’t you? I am a man and I’ve been a man for years! When you went off to survey the troops during the Water Wars, you didn’t even flinch when you allowed me to come with you. I must fight, you need all of the soldiers you can get and you know it! Papia is staying, Ompa is staying, and they are both younger than I am!” 
Sonnagh growled and exclaimed, “The Water Wars were much tamer than this will be and it wasn’t as if you had been at enemy lines! Yes, you are a man, but you’re acting like a child! Besides, those two men you mentioned have approval from Lord Zokla, who is caretaker for them both now that his nephew Papia has no father. Now, leave this instant or I will make the guards drag you out! Remember, I am still king as long as I live, my prince. Go off and pack your clothes or your archery equipment, just something to make you busy.” 
Womba stared at his father’s back, before turning away and slamming the door. Sonnagh sighed and weariness filled him as he headed toward his bed to nap. 
Meanwhile, in another wing of the palace, Lord Ompa stood in front of the door to Papia’s apartment. He knocked on the door lightly, thinking to visit his cousin to see how he fared, but on the other side, Papia was keeping quiet. 
The young man glowered, knowing who it was and feeling angry that his older cousin had no respect for him and no notion about his maturity to take care of himself. Beside him, a young duchess that Papia was dating opened her mouth to ask what was the matter, but Papia quickly covered her mouth so that Ompa wouldn’t hear anything. 
Lord Ompa scratched his head as he stared at the door and shouted, “Papia! I know you’re in there, let me in! Your father Zokla told me to watch over you, so at least comply to his wishes and let me in!”
The young duchess glanced at Papia, her eyes inquisitive as to his reply to such words since she couldn’t speak, but Papia just shook his head. Thus, the young couple remained silent as outside, Ompa thudded on the door and growled, angry at his immature cousin, despite the fact that Papia was only 3 years younger than he was.
Ompa roared, “Fine, be that way, Papia! I’ll leave you alone forever, you little brat, no matter what your father tells me to do! Don’t ever come to me for help, even if your life depends on it!” 
Ompa slammed his fist on the door and turned away, muttering to himself as Papia sighed in relief and removed his hand from the young duchess’s mouth. She frowned and wiped her hand across her mouth, as she quietly muttered to herself. 
Papia turned to her and queried, “My dear, is something wrong?” 
The young duchess shook her head and replied, “Nothing is wrong, Papia, but I have suddenly lost my desire for your kisses. Perhaps I’ll see you again tomorrow, even after that little embarrassing episode on both sides of the door.” 
The duchess stood up and strode out the door as Papia gawked at her, trying to stammer out apologies. When the door slammed shut behind her, he snarled and slammed his fist down on his end table, then quickly gripped his fist as he swore softly at the pain.
Goga smiled a grim little smile as he surveyed the camp below. Hundreds of fires dotted the hills all about him like stars that had fallen from the sky. 
Hava sat next to him, frowning at their dinner guest, yet held his quill, poised to take notes on this meeting, which would surely be important. Hava hated Shama, but since his general appeared to have no grudge with the thief, he wasn’t going to show any resentment. 
Goga rose a goblet taken at Wina, filled with wine from the same city, and declared, “Here’s a toast to friendship, hopefully one that will last for years to come.” 
Shama and Hava tapped their glasses lightly against Goga’s and they all took a sip. Hava glanced out at the nighttime as he took a slight sip again, before he lowered his glass to start writing some more notes into the logbook of the campaign.
Shama thoughtfully swished his wine as he asked, “Goga, do you think he knows we are coming?” 
Goga sighed and answered, “Shama, there is hardly any chance of that happening. I mean, nobody that had survived Wina and Jawa could have passed us and our scouts to report to Kiki. In fact, yesterday I received a report that our scouts near Jilk Hill captured a group of people from Wina and any moment now, they will be executed.” 
Shama nodded, for he was a little pleased that Goga had that much intelligence to keep a watch for refugees, but such intelligence could eventually turn on Shama himself. Hava smiled and made another note into his logbook to record how his general was such a genius in covering his tracks.
Shama smiled slyly as he said, “Yes, that is a good thing, I suppose. So, have your scouts seen Lord Fobata yet?” 
Goga suddenly stiffened and glared at Shama’s sneer. Goga had discovered Fobata had escaped his grasp after his attack on Eela all those days ago and it was still a touchy subject with Goga. 
Goga relaxed and calmly pledged, “No, I have not seen him yet, but rest assured, I will find my brother and he will taste the cold steel of my sword!”
Shama sighed and inquired, “Now, he told you to look for some kids? Two boys, a girl and a bird, is that right? Goga, was Fobata white-haired, thin, and cold-looking?” 
Goga laughed and cried, “No, he was just the opposite! Almost bald, fat, and he almost looked jolly! Why do you say that?” 
Shama sighed as he replied, “I don’t know, but a little while ago a man came to me with that description and called himself Lord ‘K’, if you can believe that. He also wanted me to find some kids just like Fobata’s command for you.” 
Goga frowned as he wondered if this Lord ‘K’ was the same code name for their ‘friend’ in Kiki. How did he know about those kids? Was Doomba truly on his side or was he just going back in forth between the contenders? 
If Lord K knew what he was doing, that he was coming…no, no one knew. Beside him, Shama shrugged and laughed, already forgetting the small comment he had made, as he grabbed the wine bottle to pour some more. Hava had finished writing and got up to go to his tent for the evening. 
Shama watched the scribe go and he turned to Goga to whisper, “Tomorrow, we will attack Gima at dawn.”

Night came as the Ghoulmen stopped to set up camp, mainly because their prisoners, being mortals, had to eat and sleep. Basha struggled for the 11th time, yet the binds holding his hands were just as tight as before and the time before that. 
Finally, he groaned and just relaxed, but his hands didn’t just magically slip through, like in most stories. He had tried to make his hands big when they were tying him, so that when his hands relax, the binds would be too big to hold them, but the Ghoulman that had tied him had been no fool. 
He punched Basha hard and Basha just muttered with his swollen tongue as the Ghoulman tied the hands again. Meanwhile, Basha and the others hadn’t noticed that Captain Zza was scanning the prisoners, trying to decide who was the fabled lion, the one to kill Doomba. 
Zza looked at Pacaben and, in a voice like the wind, he hissed, “This one, he’s too obvious. Most would say that this man with strong muscles and rough hands was the lion, but that would be like shouting it out to the world. Still, my Ghoulmen, keep an eye on him, just in case.” 
Next, Zza looked at Jobe, but he whispered, “This one is a bard and according to their laws, no bard will kill a man, or else his harp will stop playing.” 
Zza looked at Basha and he chortled a little as he murmured, “This boy…is really nothing more than a boy. I mean, if he had more training and was older, I may consider him. Besides, do you really think he could handle a sword?” 
At last Zza came to Monika and she growled at him, just before spitting on his shoes. Zza stared at her thoughtfully, the only one to show such open defiance, and he turned to a lieutenant Ghoulman following close to him. 
He muttered, “Perhaps the lion isn’t a man as we have all suspected.” 
Suddenly, a Ghoulman came rushing by, hastily bowing, before telling them, “Doomba wishes that the prisoners be taken to their places right away. Hurry up fellows, you must find him.” 
Captain Zza looked at the group again staring deep into their eyes as our heroes shivered, as if he was looking deep into their souls. His eyes paused over Monika and she shuddered, her wild spirit quelled slightly beneath the ghostly sight as she found herself helpless to do anything now.
At last he shouted, “Major Zillan! Your troop must come with me and the girl! Now, Major Zla, you will bring your own troop and the other prisoners to work detail! Move out!” 
Monika struggled against the grips of several Ghoulmen, while the rest of the group tried to get over to her, but the hands of the Ghoulmen also restrained them, which were quite strong despite their skeletal appearance. Pacaben managed to hop over, since his feet were tied together, but a Ghoulman knocked him unconscious. 
Basha yelled, “Monika! We’ll get you away, we will, I swear…” He was slapped and Basha nursed his face as he watched Monika looking behind her friends, perhaps for the last time.  
Jobe sighed and whispered, “Basha, how do you think we’ll ever be able to do that?” 
Basha didn’t glance at Jobe, so concentrated he was on Monika, but he muttered, “We will do it, you’ll see.” 
So thus the three men watched Monika being dragged onto Deja’s saddle, and then they watched the other Ghoulmen tie a lead on the horse. These Ghoulmen, about half of the force, soon set off with her at a steady run and they slowly disappeared from sight while the remaining Ghoulmen started to prepare their personal prisoners to move onward to work.
Then the days rolled onward for the separated prisoners of Doomba’s servants, as the peaks of the Dragon’s Teeth rose above the plains closer and closer in the men’s southern direction. This group sulked on their horses, which the Ghoulmen had tied them on after noticing the horses following them. 
Basha looked into the distance, not exactly looking at the mountains, but at what laid beyond them. His heart felt empty and the long hours spent looking at the Ghoulmen seemed to make him fall deeper into darkness. 
Pacaben growled at everything, with a sullen look always on his face. Jobe kept trying to play his harp, to bring hope back, but the music always felt bland and the strings reluctantly snapped apart, one by one. One thought was all that seemed to remain in Basha’s mind, yet it wasn’t thought of Jawen or Oaka, but of Monika, the beautiful girl with the long raven hair.
Meanwhile, the Ghoulman soldiers guarding Monika were far ahead of the others, heading in the direction of the southeast. Monika had no clue about this, and she sometimes looked ahead when she was looking for the group. 
Slowly, she grew deep into the same depression that held her friends, but hers seemed to be the worst. Sometimes, she didn’t feel like eating or drinking, and she could be knocked over by the slightest breeze. 
Her only companion, her only friend was Deja, and he could only give her so much comfort as the horse that she was riding on. The thing that kept her going was that small little glow of the last words that Basha said, and how he had looked at her, with his deep, brown eyes.
 
Several women giggled at the two young men, hanging up the banner reading Marriage of Jawen, of Jamen and Lapo, to Hastin, of Lom and Dana: Juli the 20th. In Jawen’s home, an unending mass of women rushed in and out, greeting her, heaping her with gifts, cooking, and preparing clothes for the newlyweds. 
Eventually, most of them would be gone by the time of the wedding, to leave the couple alone and get them settled into their new home. The old tailor woman was covering Jawen with a robe of tape measurers, with odd pins stuck into her wedding dress here and there. 
Meanwhile, Jawen was trying to tell the caterer that she wanted sausages, not chicken, but he insisted that it was bad luck to eat the pig before the harsh winter came. Hastin came rushing in, laughing with a pint, and strutted towards some girls in the corner, until Jawen yelled at him. 
Hastin’s senses came back and he immediately rushed over to beg forgiveness of his bride to be, which Jawen gladly gave to him. Jamen and Lapo came in and watched the tailor make their daughter’s wedding dress, while crying over how their baby was all grown up. Jawen just smiled and waited for her parents to leave, before she started to groan softly over the words they had said. 
Then, the Old Man came in and rasped, “You wanted to see me, little Jawen?” 
Jawen smiled and answered, “Yes, Old Man, o, wise and great katlin. Will you come to my wedding and tell the old tales, to entertain all? My father will gladly give you some coppers for this service.” 
 The Old Man shrugged and murmured, “I suppose I will, but sometimes I wonder if this Hastin is the right choice. You know, Basha was…” 
 “Old Man, just come and tell, do not lecture! Now, leave me, I have to talk to this silly caterer over here.” 
She turned her attention back to the caterer as the Old Man and the tailor woman with the pins in her mouth shook their heads at the audacity of children nowadays. Outside Jawen’s house, Jamen and Lapo were happily chattering about their daughter’s coming marriage as they passed by Habala and Geda. 
Habala sighed and murmured, “Perhaps it is best that Basha isn’t here, to hear such betrayal from Jawen when she had sworn him her love.” 
Geda shook his head and told her, “Don’t talk in such a hopeless way, perhaps our two boys will return.”
Habala turned her head to him and exclaimed, “Well, what can I say? If I say that I believe they will come back, everyone will think me crazy like Sisila and take pity on me! By speaking of the matter like this, they may take pity, but at least they won’t make any comments towards me if they think I am still in mourning!”
Geda growled and muttered, “Such a town this has become, where people speak of their neighbors with gossip and insults…still I recall past days where everyone was truly peaceful with each other.”
Habala harshly laughed and whispered, “You are so ignorant of these matters, Geda…never has there been a time in the past for any town where people have not spoken of their neighbors in such ways. Just be thankful that here, we can at least figure out what they are saying about us. This talk is depressing…let’s go home, away from the busy streets, and wish secretly for the return of Basha and Oaka.” 
Geda nodded and the couple turned the corner of the street, until they came within sight of The Smiling Stallion Inn. Geda stepped forward to open the door for his wife and when she had passed by, he stepped into his inn and closed the door behind him from any prying eyes of their neighbors.

On the 7th day of Juli and the 136th day of the Great Quest, the Ghoulmen suddenly stopped. Basha had been sleeping from his perch on Talan’s back and he yawned as he opened his eyes. 
He looked ahead and was quite startled not to see the peaks of the Dragon’s Teeth, so he quickly turned and saw them about two miles behind them. Jobe leaned over from his horse and tapped Basha on the shoulder, pointing into the distance. 
Basha turned his head and gasped. He hadn’t noticed, because he was looking for mountains, not a…pit. 
The grass suddenly turned into dirt and mud and then the mud suddenly dropped into a hole. It stretched across the plain for maybe 20 miles and stretched as long as 20 miles into the distance, possibly. 
Ropes, ramps, and ladders were put at intervals on the ground, leading deep into the darkness. Cries, moans, cruel laughter and the sound of the whip echoed all around them. 
Talan, Joko, Lola, and Quint nervously tossed their heads and kicked up a cloud of dirt. Basha felt the first feeling of fear, of what it truly meant. Of course he had felt fear during the chase of the Black Wolves, at Eela, racing to Wina, in the valley, at Coe Wilama, Wan, and at Lake Alber, but it didn’t seem anything like this. 
Captain Zza turned to our heroes and smiled a grisly smile as he shouted, “Welcome, prisoners, to your work detail, a life-long sentence of labor in the Pits! This, boys, is the rest of your life!”
Soon, Talan and the other horses struggled to trot over to their masters, who were descending down into the darkness, but several Trollas were gripping the horses’ tethers tightly. Basha felt a momentary pain at seeing Talan treated this way, so he tried not to look at her as he climbed down the rope ladder. 
At the base was another Trolla guard and Pacaben was already considering the creature’s strength if they ever tried to escape up this ladder. But obviously a human is no match for a Trolla, which was about twice as tall and strong as a human.  Jobe felt saddened by the pains felt by some of the slaves, but it would be better for everyone’s general welfare if he tried to ignore it for now, even though he knew that this would be his pain until someone bold enough started to plan an escape. 
Basha, on the other hand, wasn’t even considering escape and was wondering a tiny bit if slavery wasn’t all that bad. He wouldn’t get whipped unless he disobeyed orders, tried to escape, or caused any trouble. The work may be hard, but sometimes, work can help you forget things. 
Basha suddenly bumped into someone and knocked off a pile of rocks they were carrying. Basha immediately bent down to help his fellow slave pick them up, but almost forgot he was holding then when he got a good look. 
The slave was a strange creature, a horse with a horn on its forehead, and it carried rocks with a sling around its neck. Basha recalled that back at Wilama, there was another such animal, known as a unicorn, and Lanma had petted it. He then recalled a centaur named Lunar that spoke of his fellow kindred living down in the Pits, and Basha wondered if there was someone here that knew Lunar. 
Suddenly, he tripped over a gnome carrying a small load of dirt, who yelled, “Hey, you big stick! Watch where you’re going! Some of us here are actually working!”
Then the unicorn Basha bumped into shouted, “Prick! Mind your manners, please! They are new here and they will be working among us shortly!” 
The little gnome groaned, but he turned away to grab his dirt load. Some animals had watched the clamor, but most now turned away at this conclusion while the unicorn bobbed his head to Basha. 
He straightened, with his bright horn shining, as he murmured, “I am Jumha, an elder unicorn here. How do they call you?” 
“I am Basha and over there,” Basha answered as he pointed to his friends still looking about, “are my friends Jobe and Pacaben. There are others in my group, but they are not with us at this time.” 
Jumha absently nodded and asked, “How does the world looks? I mean, up above here. The last elder still remembered the world as it once was and told me, but that was about 30 years ago and his knowledge had been passed down to him. Surely you know plenty, since you traveled far, I am certain.” 
Basha sighed and told him, “I will tell you about the outside world tonight, I suppose, although I don’t feel like talking right now.” 
Jumha nodded and walked off, as a Trolla handed Basha a pickaxe and pointed out the place where to start. Basha settled down in the dirt and started to hit a rock, trying to forget his troubles in this labor. He worked hard in silence and alone as Jobe and Pacaben worked side by side, muttering softly about their plans for escape.
On and on stretched the miles of swampland in the Wastelands, full of murky mud and hidden quicksand traps. Monika tuned out the noise of Deja’s feet as she concentrated on studying the land, memorizing it for the day that she might need the information. The Ghoulmen paid no heed as they whispered to themselves in a strange, harsh language. 
Suddenly, Captain Zza looked up and screeched, “Coe Doomba! Đąǽora’l, here is your new home!” 
Monika shivered at that name, recalling how Basha had been so puzzled by its meaning in the past, yet now she knew it meant the lion of light and would be Basha’s destiny someday. At last, she raised her head and gasped in horror, at the terrible, yet awesome sight. 
Above the swamp all about, rose a great castle, a formidable fortress with hundreds of turrets and battlement. A large guard of Trollas and Ghoulmen patrolled the wall and the shadows of huge birds, gruelmoffs, circled high above. 
The gate groaned as it open and the Ghoulmen shoved Deja in, for the horse had frozen at the sight of the palace of the Dark One. In the courtyard, hundreds of Black Wolves shackled to wooden posts by chains sprang towards the horse, the fresh meat, snarling and foaming at the mouth as Ghoulmen beat aside their Black Wolves. 
Monika tried not to look at the creatures and couldn’t help thinking of what she could do if she had one of the Swords of Arria with her, but that wasn’t relief enough. Finally, Zza stopped Deja and picked Monika up to lead her off, while a strange little creature came to take her horse to the stables. 
Once inside, Monika was led through a maze of hallways and staircases, past large tapestries full of images of Trollas and Ghoulmen fighting fiercely against very frightful humans. Finally, Zza stopped in front of two large doors and pushed them open into a large throne room. 
Monika took a deep breath as she was pushed in, not knowing what to expect. What she found were carpets rotting from ages of wear, ripped paintings, broken glass, muddy floors and in the corner, in the deep shadows, she could just make out the shape of a cold, hard throne and something was sitting there. Monika paused as Zza stepped forward and bowed, then there was silence as Monika nervously shook. 
A voice broke the silence, a voice from the shadows that said “Bow.” 
That was the first word that Monika heard from Lord Doomba, the Dark One, the Evil One, and with a thousand names beyond this. She shuddered slightly, knowing what the voice belonged to, yet her fear lessened despite looking upon such a legend of evil.
Doomba sighed and murmured, “You bore me, so you may speak. Who are you?” 
Suddenly, as if she had been released from some spell, she said, “I am Monika. Who do you think I am?” 
Doomba laughed and cried, “You know about the lion of light? How strange that you should know and would almost admit it! However, I must be absolutely sure of your identity! Step closer, into the shadows, girl!” 
Monika nervously tiptoed closer, hardly believing she was doing this, but she wasn’t really scared. All the stories had pictured Doomba as a monster, larger than life and could kill you in an instant, yet he sounded like some bored courtier. What was this? 
Finally, she stopped, and realized that she hadn’t really stopped herself, but something had stopped her. In the shadows, there suddenly appeared two pinpricks of light, shaped like a cat’s eyes, yet that could not be possible. 
Suddenly, Monika felt pain, starting down at her feet and slowly rising. When the pain reached her stomach, she felt like vomiting and when it reached her lungs, her breath came out strained. 
She tried to scream, but she couldn’t, so her whole body just shook. When the pain reached her eyes, she couldn’t see and when it reached her brain she just stopped living for a second, before she was finally let go. She fell to the floor, as if dropped from the ceiling, and for a moment, there was nothing more. 
Finally, the angry voice of Doomba yelled, “You are not Đąǽora’l! You lied to me, foolish maiden!” 
Pain gripped her and Monika managed to scream, before she was knocked unconscious. Doomba, as he sat in the shadows, tapped his fingers impatiently for he was a little tired with this sport for now, but he knew this was not the end of his dealings with the girl. 
He roared, “Gringok!” The little gringok rushed in a bow, before Doomba yelled, “Drag her away to the dungeons, away from my sight! I will question her more closely, once I get the  chance. She knows, I’m certain she’s just protecting someone. Now, go!” 
Gringok bowed and grabbed Monika’s lifeless hand as he slowly dragged her out, using a strength that did not show on this small creature. Soon, Gringok had dragged Monika from the room and Doomba was all alone, sitting in his dark throne alone. 
Yet such loneliness didn’t hinder him, for his evil worked better in such an environment…in this lonely throne room, he could think more clearly upon the past. His hate could build from his remembrances that rolled back in time, to the time of Corrica when as a normal human, he had been a leader in politics, facing all sorts of rivals and destroying them, until the destruction of the great island. 
Then his malevolence bloomed when he escaped here to Arria and was trained by a stupid wizard named Dedo, a man that had insulted his pupil…until his pupil grew strong and struck back at him. His hatred had no equal as he thought of the ancient Knights of Arria, how he heard from a distance of their rise to power over the native tribes, but he bid his time as he gathered in their enemies. 
At last, he had thought he had triumphed as he personally laid siege to Pidaria and sent an army to take care of another palace of virtuous magic, Valtonor. Yet where Valtonor had fallen, Pidaria still stood and his thirst for revenge had caused him to build his center of power here. The hate rose and fell in the thousands of years following such events, yet now he felt more hatred than he had known in a long time…all because of his search for the lion of light.

The next day, the 8th day of Juli, Oaka got into the doctor’s wagon and waited for Gnat to come out. Gnat soon came out, vividly talking to Sister Foqwen about Basha and the group’s visit to the abbey. Finally, Gnat was done and waved good-bye as he rushed towards the wagon and jumped in. 
Gnat’s eyes shone with a bright light as he yelled, “Basha, a son of a real knight! Oh, Oaka, I bet Basha was so surprised when he heard that!” 
Oaka laughed a little, thinking of Basha’s stunned eyes, then shook his own head as he murmured, “Yeah, it really is something, Gnat. He was pretty good at sword fighting at home and I guess this sort of explains it. I wish we could’ve stayed a day or two more.” 
Oaka sighed a little and looked at the abbey, the last haven before they reached the Wasteland. Gnat turned his head towards Oaka and saw the troubled look on his friend’s face…Gnat smiled as he patted Oaka on the back to comfort him. 
Gnat whispered, “Don’t worry, we’ll find them again and even if there is trouble, have no fear. Juna has been teaching me to use a sword, so I’m certain I can protect you well enough if you can’t fight with that leg.” 
Oaka slowly nodded, but even Gnat knew that these were few words that would comfort anyone. After all, the lessons weren’t much good when the teacher was grudging in giving them and knowledge of swords might not be enough to save the others.
Just then, Captain Juna came by and asked, “You are sure they headed towards the coast, Oaka?” 
Oaka shrugged and responded, “That was what we had planned to do, as far as I know before Wilama.” 
Juna nodded and told him, “Alright, if we go straight for Dragon’s Teeth as a shortcut, we may be able to catch up to them just before Pidaria, but they are days ahead of us. I hope it will be worth it when Basha sees you are alive and well.” 
Oaka grinned as he murmured, “It will be worth it, Captain Juna. I guarantee it.” 
Juna nodded and told his troop to move out, so that Gnat and Oaka had to hold on tightly to the doctor’s wagon as it jerked its way into steady motion. The nuns of Coe Wan stood in front of their abbey to wave farewell once more, as Sister Foqwen sighed and turned to Mother Yamana. 
Foqwen inquired, “Mother, do you think I should have told them about everything that happened here? About the Book of the Knights and why we gave it to Basha and the others?” 
Yamana shrugged and replied, “I don’t think it is necessary for them to know, lest it makes them fear all the more for the fates of the others and thus gain despair. Never fear, I am sure they will learn of it all in time and they will all still be glad and proud to give aid in such the righteous fight that will come to them.” 
Foqwen slowly nodded, but she shuddered slightly as she started to realize the trials of knowing too much about the future. Yamana slowly nodded, because even though she didn’t know about what Foqwen was thinking, she could guess.

The moon rose high, yet the silvery light could not penetrate the Pits. The Trolla guards stirred and mumbled in their sleep, while the number of gruelmoffs in the sky decreased, until there was only one lonely pair. 
The captives in the Pits gathered around Pacaben and Jobe as they finally started to tell of their quest and recite the tales of old. Basha, as usual, was far apart from the group and trying hard not to pay attention. 
His two companions understood that he was hurt, yet they didn’t feel his remorse as badly, for Monika, Oaka, and Lanma had just been short time companions. Yet, to Basha, Oaka was his brother, Lanma had been his guidance in his time of amnesia, and Monika…he couldn’t really think of her. 
He tried not to, knowing that he was being unfaithful to Jawen, yet he couldn’t stop thinking about her. Perhaps she would be hurt, because of him being…he didn’t want to think of that, yet he wondered. 
All of that talk about the Đąǽora’l, the lion of light, the Prophecy’s resemblance to his quest…he wasn’t sure if he was all of this, yet deep down, he knew. Even when living in Coe Baba, he knew he had been meant for bigger, better things than this simple country life, but he hadn’t known it was going to be as big as being the defender of Arria, the destroyer of Doomba, a Knight of Arria! Monika had given herself up to save him, because she believed in all of it and he knew that. 
Basha was sitting there, crying, when Pacaben started to say, “Have any of you thought of…rebellion?” 
The slaves stiffened at the word and nearby, Basha groaned at the thought of the bloodshed that would surely come from such an act. Pacaben sat there, patiently awaiting the response from the slaves, as they shuffled their feet and glanced at each other fearfully.
Jumha shook his head, causing the light to play on his horn, and told him, “What you speak of is impossible, surely you see. We are surrounded by guards, around and above. The walls are too stiff to climb and the rope ladders and the slopes are heavily guarded. 
“If such an attempt were made, it would be disaster, disaster without any equal! Once or twice, one of us tries, but they show us what happens when you try to escape and the last time this happened still sickens me, to my very heart and soul. They say Doomba sees all and even if we made it out, he could send out his whole army upon us. We number hardly more than 250 creatures, most too young or too old…while his army numbers around many thousands, too numerous for us to count. It is futile, this I am certain.” 
There was silence as all of the creatures slowly nodded their heads, agreeing with their elder on this proper point of view since it sounded like the whole truth. The gnomes were loudest in agreement, cheering and yelling in Jumha’s support, while jeering Pacaben and the others. Pacaben frowned at the little gnomes and their raucous behavior as Jobe hardly flinched, being so used to such verbal abuse from all of the bad audiences that had hated his performances.
The gnome that Jumha had called Prick cried, “Yeah, didn’t think of that, did you, Pacaben? Besides, what does your friend over there say? Huh? What’s wrong with the fellow, is he too chicken to come over here? Hey, boy, come on!” 
Pacaben and Jobe worriedly looked up as Basha rose to his feet, his red eyes still evident, to face Prick. Prick chuckled mischievously, thinking to embarrass the young man that had gotten him a stern lecture from Jumha.
He trotted over, looking up at the young man that was twice his size. Jumha the unicorn groaned softly and shook his head, certain that this wouldn’t end well as he wished that perhaps he had not made so many objections to Pacaben’s idea of escape, which was the source of this conflict to come.
Prick shrieked, “Hey, what was your name? Boshee? Bibsheet? Busha? Bubba? Come on, talk to me, you wimp! I could knock you down right where you stand! Put up your dukes, let’s see you fight like a real man!” 
Basha looked down and couldn’t help thinking how comical this must be, a little gnome punching a man’s kneecaps, since that was as far as he could reach. Basha sighed and tried to give Prick a little kick, but even a little one sent the gnome rolling away to end up lying dazed. The others slaves moaned softly as the gnomes all stood up and glared at Basha, causing him to blink in surprise.
Several of Prick’s gnome friends hollered, “Hey, that bully’s picking on Prick! Get him!” 
Jumha nickered and yelled, “Stop, we are all friends! We mustn’t brawl so…” 
However, for the first time, Jumha the elder unicorn was ignored as the creatures all turned to watch the sport of Basha vs. 10 gnomes. Basha sighed a little and started to fight, soon knocking down all of the gnomes. 
He had been a champion prize fighter among the young men at home and after the short fight, the former champion smiled happily a tad at seeing all of his opponents lamenting over their wounds, which weren’t even that serious when Basha had been so careful in handling these small gnomes. Suddenly, Basha felt a hand on his shoulder and was swung around to face a Trolla guard, who had his teeth bared into a menacing glare and his club threateningly waving back and forth. 
The Trolla growled and roared, “There is no fighting among the slaves, got that human? For your lack of control and open show of spirit, two days in solitary confinement!” 
Prick picked himself off the ground and rushed over as he shouted, “Mr. Trolla guard, sir, he didn’t start the fight! I was teasing him and I told him to put his dukes up! He was just defending himself from my team and me! I’ll go down into the hole!” 
The Trolla growled and bellowed, “So what if he didn’t start the fight? He beat all of you up and such fighters must be quailed, tamed into slaves and for your impudence, no dinner for you or any of the other gnomes that participated in the fight tonight! However, my sentence on this human still stands!” 
Suddenly, another Trolla roughly grabbed Basha and dragged him toward a hole in the dirt, covered by a grate. The grate was lifted and Basha was hurled down into the darkness. Basha landed on the dirt and groaned as he looked up and the grate was put on. He looked up and yearned to see the stars, but noting could be seen in the brig, deep beneath the ground of the Pits, below the sky high above. 
Up above in the Pits, the Trolla turned to the cautious crowd of strange creatures and proclaimed, “The brig is full, meaning I should not see anyone near here. If anyone is seen talking with the prisoner, no dinner to the talker and 40 lashes for the prisoner. If anyone opens the grate, it will be regarded as mutiny and death to both prisoner and grate opener. This is solitary confinement, got that?” The creatures silently nodded and Jobe and Pacaben stared at the brig, wondering what was going on down below. 

On the 9th day of Juli and the 138th day of the quest, Lapo, Geda, and Sir Nickleby were sitting at a table in the Smiling Stallion, Geda’s inn. Habala brought some pints and the three men were thoughtfully stirring their beer, happy to receive their drinks. 
Suddenly, Lapo told them, “You know what I heard? A couple days ago, my brother came with news. Apparently, the lord of Coe Eela had some problem with his servants awhile back and they just left him. They just marched right out of there and didn’t look back.” 
Nickleby laughed and retorted, “That is one of the silliest rumors I’ve heard, to be certain, just as bad as that rumor about the Knights down near Gima, but guess what else I heard? The fortress of Wina and the town of Jawa have fallen.” 
The two fellows laughed and Geda exclaimed, “Nickleby, Wina? Nobody could ever take Wina, just like that! I mean, they say the walls are 10 inches thick and it takes three men to open one of the gates of Wina! Now, Jawa, that could have happened, but not the whole town, of course! Just a few buildings burned by local hill bandits!”
Habala came by and hearing that they were talking about rumors, she stopped to say, “Well, as for Wina and Jawa, Qam had a reason to that rumor. According to her sources, there’s some half-crazed fellow doing such work, thinking that Doomba is leading him or some silly thing. They even say he is heading straight for Kiki, imagine that!” 
Everyone laughed and Lapo yelled, “Habala, Kiki, I mean, really! Nobody will ever take Kiki in a thousand years and I mean nobody! Besides, everyone knows Qam is a stupid gossip who usually gives half-truths!” 
Geda laughed and bellowed, “Darling dear, your time would be better spent by not talking to Qam. Instead, your time will be well spent by bringing more drinks!” 
All the men laughed at this and Habala went back into the kitchen, shaking her head at her silly husband. She sighed a little as she thought of Oaka and Basha, but soon forgot as she buised herself by going down into the cellar for last fall’s October ale. 
However, the next day, rumors were reality near Kiki. Goga’s men had just left the Popo Hills and smiled down at Kiki, still a day’s march away, yet they were close to their goal. Goga and Shama were clad in more trinkets than usually, after their attack on Gima, but there were only a few pieces of gold here and there, for it had been a small town for the most part. 
Shama looked around at their force of 1500 men and cried, “Goga, what do you plan? Shall we just attack or will we lay siege? A siege will surely weaken them and an attack will weaken us, since we have no high walls! What do you say?” 
Hava frowned and yelled, “A siege? That would take too long, I am certain! My master, he is bold and will fight, for it is cowardly to keep our enemies in a cage. Isn’t that right, my general?” 
Goga momentarily thought about shutting up Hava with a hard punch, for he was certain they wouldn’t last an attack, but all of the men had heard and this would be thought as cowardly if he went against such words. Such a thing would be perfect opportunity for Shama to challenge Goga’s leadership, or so Goga thought. 
Goga carefully informed the men, “Yes, it is a little cowardly, I suppose. We shall try one attack and if the success goes well enough, about several days of besieging the castle. Afterwards, several attacks will finish off the soldiers.” 
The men nodded, noting that it was mainly bold and only a little cowardly, although it could be called the caution of their wise leader. Shama had lost the battle for power at this moment, but the hill bandit just frowned and swore to himself that he would try again and again at every chance he could receive. 
 
Chapter 15: The Vision
At Kiki, a sharp-eyed watchman caught the movement of Goga’s troops and yelled, “The invaders! They march towards us as we speak!” 
Sonnagh and Womba quickly climbed up the stairs with Fobata following close behind. Fobata was trying to eat, get his coat on and write a note at the same time, naturally with Marlo’s help, although the steward was starting to complain more now that he did every chore of a servant. 
Fobata had mainly been treated as befitting his station, although there was a little coldness as a one-time ally of the Dark One. However, Sonnagh believed Fobata had truly given up all claims to Him and often asked Fobata to talk to them of what his brother would surely do, knowing him a whole lot better than the king’s advisors. 
Fobata insisted, “My brother, this may be his plan. He will eventually lay siege to us, for he surely thinks he is a little outnumbered. He will attack us, with arrows first and then call out a battle cry, probably at dawn and in the early morning mist. He can’t have a lot of horsemen, for he got most of his soldiers at Wana, I think. Although, he might have picked up help along the way, maybe from the hill bandits if he had money and such to pay them.” 
Womba looked up and said, “Help? Surely no one would help such a foul man!” 
Fobata winced a little, before replying, “Son, it is a little known fact, but it is a fact nonetheless. The Popo Hills, being cut off from most of the land by mountains and forest, have to rely a little on lands to the east and have been influenced by them. 
“As legends say, Doomba supposedly came from the Hills and his presence seems to have lingered in the hearts of men there, for cold hearts they have indeed. Eela and Wana, being so close to the hills, have been Dark strongholds for many years, when mountain lords first built them. 
“Remember this and try to not put too much faith in the people of the Hills. They would surely join Goga to save their lives, if they were among those at Wina, Jawa, and Gima.” 
Womba solemnly nodded and for the rest of his life, which was mainly dedicated to ruling Arria, he heeded Fobata’s warning. Many more dark figures would rise again, but soon they would be crushed by King Womba the Wise, supposedly the greatest king Arria had ever seen.
 
Gringok crooned softly as he tried to feed Monika, who groaned softly and rolled over. She had been in a state of uneasy sleep for the past few days, often screaming in the middle of dark dreams. 
Gringok, being unsure of how he should react to this, decided to comfort the prisoner. Gringok wasn’t really evil as the Ghoulmen, the Trollas, the Gruelmoffs, the Black Wolves, and some of the other gringoks. Gringok, however, was tired of his prisoner’s resistance to food. He kicked her a little and Monika stirred softly and slowly rose. 
She looked around and groaned as she whispered, “It wasn’t a dream, a nightmare. Oh, why me?” 
Gringok growled and shoved the bowl on the ground and screeched, “Come on, you better eat. You’ve been lying in a coma or what not for several days. In the corner is a hole, you probably haven’t gone to the toilet in all that time. This is your straw to sleep on, not to eat. Now, be quiet and I may entertain you, but I’m no clown.” 
Monika sighed and softly said, “Thank you for taking care of me.” 
Gringok paused, but went on saying, “That’s all? I could’ve let you lie there, in your filth. You should praise me to the end of your days, that you should do.” Monika turned and studied the little creature, about the size of a gnome, yet uglier and more Trolla-like. 
Monika inquired, “What is your name and what are you?” 
Gringok just shrugged and said, “I am a gringok, so they just call me Gringok. Some of the other more fierce gringoks have been given other names like Sharpclaw and Willowmark, but I am Gringok for now. Anyway, why should my prisoner question me? I am the master, obey Gringok!” 
The creature marched away, bearing himself high, yet Monika couldn't help wondering about Gringok’s loyalties. She shook her head and sighed, thinking that here in Coe Doomba, any help she might find to ever escape would be slim…she just had to work to receive it. 

Late that night, underneath the pale moon, Goga finally reached the gates of Kiki, with his army of men following close behind. From Kiki’s wall, the army looked down and gasped at the large amount of twinkling lights from many torches. 
Womba said, “There must be 3,000 of them! How is that possible?” 
Fobata laughed and answered, “It’s impossible, he’s making each soldier carry two torches, to scare us. He’ll then extinguish them, making us think he’ll attack tonight, but you can sleep till dawn, never fear.” 
Lord K glared at Fobata from a small distance away, angry at that confidence. Now, he wished that Goga would find some plan besides the ones he had used before in his youth, just to shut up Fobata’s cockiness. 
 A moment later, when Goga saw that Kiki’s army was gathered on the walls, he yelled, “Torches! Smother the fires, now!” At that, the plains all about Kiki grew dark again and the army, seeing Fobata’s observation come true, when back to bed for dawn. 
Shama squinted at the wall and yelled, “I don’t think they’re buying it! See, they’re leaving. We wasted a good idea, thanks to you! Attack at dawn, we could’ve attacked tonight, I tell you, without the trouble of torches or doubling the torches! The army would see tomorrow…” 
Goga yelled, “Shut up! You are not the general, I am! You are just a vagabond, a pickpocket, and the son of a tramp! I am the son of lords, knights, dukes, a descendant of the highest royal House in the land! You are nothing, I am everything!” 
Shama’s men grumbled and growled, as Hava smirked at Shama’s startled face. Suddenly, Shama’s face turned to stone and he turned to march away as the hill bandits jeered, thinking that now might be the time to leave. 
Goga, realizing what he had just done, raced after Shama and yelled, “Wait, Shama! Please stop, I did not mean that, my friend. Tempers flare up in times like these and my tongue just flew by. How shall I make it up?” 
Shama paused and turned around, sneering, as he answered, “Apology accepted, friend. However, I have a plan that I wish to put into action tomorrow, which will require a lot of work. I need all of the men, first, to gather leaves and twigs.” For the rest of the night, by the light of the moon, Goga went to work, putting Shama’s devious plan into action. 

The next day was the 11th day of Juli and the 140th day of the quest. Jobe wiped off the dirt from his forehead and turned to the grate, where Basha was. He had been down for about 3 days, a day longer than his original sentence, and had apparently been forgotten by the Trolla guards. 
Jobe leaned over towards Pacaben and whispered, “Should we ask them about Basha? His crime has surely been repaid in full, with interest in fact. I would probably go crazy, being left alone for so long.” 
Pacaben shrugged and Prick, being nearby, said, “I’ll go ask the guards, for I still feel a little sorry about what I did the other day.” 
Pacaben shook his head and told Prick, “Don’t worry, you confessed to it in front of the guard and went a night without food. Basha will probably forgive you just because of that.” 
Jobe turned towards the grating, his anxiety growing with no sound rising from below, and he whispered, “Keep a lookout, I’m going to talk to him.” 
Pacaben groaned and whispered, “No, Jobe, what about the punishments?” 
However, Jobe had forgotten about that and was already far ahead, so Pacaben and Prick had to stand guard now, to watch for the approach of Trolla guards. Jobe kicked up dirt as he quickly sprinted from rock to rock, sometimes acting like he was digging whenever anyone passed by, before going on after they had passed. Jobe finally paused just above the grating of the stockade hole and looked down below into the darkness, but he didn’t see Basha in the small ring of light. 
He whispered, “Basha! Basha, are you all right down there? Please answer me, come on!” 
A rustle and Jobe looked around again, but the Trolla guards were busy somewhere else. He looked back down and gasped at Basha. 
He was looking up with a blank stare and a pale face, which had not seen the light of day for many a long hour. Jobe leaned farther down and stretched his hand, which Basha grabbed and for awhile, they were like this. 
Jobe sighed of exhaustion after a hard day’s work and seeing his friend again, while Basha was happy to hear another voice, besides the harsh voice of Trolla guards. All of a sudden, Jobe was lifted up into the air and looked into the eyes of one of the Trolla guards. 
The Trolla yelled, “Ếỏď! That’s the last straw, human!” Jobe turned to see Pacaben getting beaten up by another Trolla and then turned back to see another one lifting Basha out of the stockade hole. The Trolla holding Jobe shook him and shouted, “No dinner for you and 40 lashes for your friend!” 
Jobe turned back to Basha, who quietly mouthed the words; “I’m okay.” Jobe was then roughly dropped to the ground and he groaned at himself for his stupidity.

The dawn earlier that day had risen, misty and mysterious. Shapes moved all about, with the quiet nicker of horses here and there, as well as the banging sounds of the chain mail. 
In the castle, knights fixed their lances and polished their swords, as well as call for squires to help them into armor. The women that remained were taken deep into the castle walls, where no arrow or invader could find them. They prepared that night’s dinner, using as little supplies as possible to prepare for a siege that was surely to come, and they gathered herbs and medicines, for the many wounded men that were surely to come. 
Lord K groaned as a lady looked at his legs and she shook her head as she said, “My lord, I see nothing wrong with your legs! I’m afraid it must have been your imagination.” 
Lord K sighed as he grabbed her hand and said, “Milady, all my life has been nothing but sadness and now that I have known the small comfort I received from you, I must go forth and sacrifice myself. Yet, I will do it gladly to know that you will live.” 
The lady looked at Lord K and sighed as she said, “I think you have a small sprain, my lord. I don’t think you’ll be able to go to the fields today. I’ll wash your legs, to protect it from infection.” 
She walked away and Lord K turned to simper at Fobata, who just shook his head in sadness and headed off to prepare for battle. Lord K shrugged and groaned for real as his son Peri came rushing in. 
The man looked at his father and whispered, “Oh, Father, are you ill? Never fear, I’ll keep you company for now. Plin says hello, although she doesn’t want to see you. She feels a little sickly also, but it’ll go away when the baby comes. So, anything interesting going on?” 
Lord K looked around and sighed as he said, “You know, I think I am a little better. Wow, talking to you must have cured me! I’ll be off, thank you, my son.” Peri smiled as Lord K walked off, careful not to show his bored face. 
Shama and Goga were on horses and wore thick mail that they had taken from the armory of Wina with their gaze focused on Kiki. 
Goga leaned over and whispered, “Hopefully, your plan will work, but if any of our men fall because of it, you will pay dearly.” 
Shama growled as he whispered, “The plan will work, no thanks to you. I mapped out the land and pointed out to every soldier where they are, so they all know, okay? Besides, most of them are smack dab in front of Kiki’s gates, so this will work!” 
Goga snarled and said nothing as the sun first started to rise. At once, a battle cry came from Goga’s troops and arrows lifted up into the air to soar into Kiki. Those in the courtyard were ready and lifted up their shields so that mostly the arrows bounced harmlessly away, although a few found their marks. 
Goga yelled, “I am General Goga! I come from far to the north, to challenge you, Sonnagh, for Arria’s future! Will not the king and his men come forth!” 
Hava, on Goga’s left hand, whispered, “Bravo, general! He can’t resist such a challenge!” 
Goga glared at Hava and turned back, waiting and finally, the gates opened. On their white horses, King Sonnagh and Prince Womba on his right side slowly trotted forward and were flanked by guards on either side, as well as half of the army following close behind and more on the walls. 
Goga grumbled at a familiar sight and leaned close to Shama as he whispered, “No wonder Sonnagh knew about the torches. Look to the king’s left.” Shama turned and stared at a fat man sitting on a black horse, waving his hands to partly show off his many rings. 
Shama smiled and carefully said to Goga, “May I presume that man is Lord Fobata, your brother who knows how your mind works all too well?” 
Goga glared at Shama’s laughing eyes, before yelling, “Sonnagh, come to me! Fight me, now!” 
King Sonnagh yelled back, “That day shall not come until battle’s end!” 
Goga screamed, “Do you wish for bloodshed? Then wait, and watch your men die all around you!” 
Sonnagh’s wrath came upon him and he shouted, “Charge, men! Capture Goga!” 
The knights and guards sprang forth, with their swords pointed towards the sky! Goga watched Sonnagh approach the first pit, when Womba happened to look towards the ground in front of them and saw a mess of leaves and twigs scattered in front of them. 
He realized that most of the ground had tall grass blowing in the wind and how could there be twigs when the nearest tree was more than a mile from the battlefield? Womba led his horse into a gallop to block his father’s path as Fobata, unheeding, went forward. 
Suddenly, the leaves and twigs collapsed beneath Fobata’s horse and Fobata fell into the pit, disguised by the pile of leaves. King Sonnagh nodded to his son and cried out for a retreat as the guards helped Fobata out of the pit. 
The company of Sonnagh’s men made it back to the castle, with not a loss among them. Goga laughed at Shama’s sulking face and soon, both were arguing once more. 
Meanwhile, Womba looked down at the gate and turned to his father to say, “The gate is in poor condition and may not be able to survive another attack. What do you suggest we should do?” 
Sonnagh thoughtfully turned towards the kitchens and asked, “Son, go find some servants and ask of them for some oil.”

High above, Fato groaned as he scanned the bleak swamps stretching away for miles on end. It had taken him five days to make it over the Dragon’s Teeth, being at the mercy of the wind that tried to push him back, but finally, he found that right wind and used it to soar into the Wasteland. 
However, he feared someone would see him at Coe Doomba and that was where he thought his companions were being kept captive. So, he flew about the Wasteland, wondering if he could find the band of Ghoulmen that still held them, although that would be impossible, since even he knew they were long gone. 
He didn’t know what he was searching for; but then again, he didn’t want to leave them here. He flew past the swamps and into the desert, where he alighted upon the limb of a dead tree. There was hardly anything to eat, and whenever Fato found something, it was very disgusting and filthy, but as they said, beggars can’t be choosers. 
The noontime sun shone down upon the desert and Fato’s feathers was soon covered in sweat. Fato ruffled his feathers and was about to settle into a nap, when suddenly, he heard fiendish sniggers. 
He looked up and saw a group of 4 Trollas approaching. He quickly took to the air, as far from them as possible, and at a suspicion, he flew a little towards the west, the direction the Trollas came from. Soon, Fato saw the Pits, going deep into the earth, where even he could hear the groan of the slaves and the crack of the whip. 
He realized this could be a place to look for them, but first off, he wanted to know what the Trollas were doing. He flew a little closer to the Trollas and landed softly in a bush behind them. 
A Trolla turned to his friend and whispered, “Öěş! What are we doing today? You were saying something about the prisoner?” 
One looked up and replied, “40 lashes is the punishment. He probably wouldn’t even blame me; it’s his friend’s fault. I told them that while he was in solitary confinement, prisoners shouldn’t talk to others, that’s the whole basis!” 
Another Trolla listening to their conversation said, “What’s the matter with this fellow? Usually, they’re yelling right about now.” 
The second Trolla replied, “Oh, I don’t know. He was always quiet, this guy. He seemed kind of moody to me, since he did nothing except work. Didn’t even talk to his pals at night when the slaves sit around, probably telling each other things are going to get better, ha!” 
The first Trolla said, “Oh, yes! He came in about, what, 4 days ago? Where did the Ghoulmen catch him and the others?” 
Finally, the last Trolla showed up and answered, “Lake Alber was the place, I seem to recall. Said they had found the Đąǽora’l among the group, if you can believe that!” Fato quickly waddled over towards the edge of the Trolla camp and there found a man, curled into a ball and it was hard for Fato to tell who he was. 
Fato waddled over to the other side and sighed at Basha’s emotionless face. He growled, “Come on, Basha, what’s the matter with you? Lying there like a worm, it’s ridiculous! Why, if I were in your place, I would be kicking them and laughing every time they fell!” 
Basha didn’t respond, so Fato went on to say, “Say, I’ve got a plan! I’ll go peck at their eyes to distract them and you make a run for it! Then, we’ll circle around to get the horses and find the others! Then, we run for the hills like there’s a pack of wolves at our tail, what do you say?” 
Basha shrugged and Fato sighed as he thought for a moment. Finally, Fato asked, “Come on, I want to know. What happened?” 
Basha moaned and whispered, “They took her away, probably were looking for the Đąǽora’l.” Fato recalled way back to the night when they had gathered around and heard Monika read the last pages of the Book of the Knights. 
Fato screeched, “So, you’re just going to lie there for the rest of your life? Not going to even try and finish the quest, not even going to see if the Prophecy is true? That’s the reason she went with them, right? She did that so you could do it and you will, you just wait and see!” Basha swiped at Fato and he screeched, slowly flapping his wings until he was high above, circling the clearing. 
Basha was staring up at the falcon, when a Trolla came by muttering, “Crazy bird, if I had my arrows, I could’ve gotten him. Oh well, Öĕş! Hold him tight, and I’ll grab the whip!” 
Basha just lazily got up from his spot and allowed the Trolla to hold him, while the other snapped the whip into the air for practice. Finally, he came over and Basha almost gasped at the harsh snap of the first lash from the whip. 
A welt started to appear on his back and Basha tried to concentrate his eyes up in the sky where Fato was still circling, looking down apprehensive for the young human. Suddenly, Basha stopped looking at Fato and turned his eyes toward the bright blue sky as it started to swim together into a tapestry of light…
…Suddenly, Basha was high in the sky and soaring over all of Arria, from the valley to the hills and then to the forest. He descended downward into a foggy mist, and everything was gone from sight. 
Suddenly, voices came to him and he turned and stared at a strange sight. King Sonnagh was dueling with the man that had been chasing the group from Eela and beside the king, Prince Womba was dueling a familiar looking man, perhaps one of the bandits that had attacked the group in the Hills. Both Sonnagh and Womba wore the crown of the king upon their heads, yet Basha couldn’t understand why Womba was wearing one.
Sonnagh and Womba turned towards Basha and lifted their swords as they cried, “We of the ancient line of Corr, one of the first Knights of Arria, one of the first kings of Arria, we who rule Arria with wisdom, we pledge our lives to you, o mighty Lion!” 
They dropped their swords and bowed to Basha, who turned away when he saw that the men they had been fighting with were now lifting up their swords to deliver a mortal blow to the unarmed kings. As he turned, he stopped to smile at Jawen standing before him, wearing a long white wedding gown. She grinned as she reached inside and took his heart, before she ran off to kiss that man named Hastin. 
Hearing laughter beside him, he turned to Sisila, who smiled as she said, “Shameful, isn’t it? Think about how it would have been, you and her. Oh well, at least my Oaka will be coming back soon.” 
He turned away so he couldn’t tell her the truth and gasped as he found himself facing Oaka, who was racing from the mist, covered in flames, yet looking quite well. 
He yelled, “I told you I’ll be coming back, did I not, Sisila?” He raced past Basha and the happy couple went off into the mist, leaving Basha all alone. 
Basha then turned back and stared at a strong man fighting a Trolla, wondering why he looked so familiar. Suddenly, the man turned into a boy and Basha stared in horror at the sight of little Gnat grasping a bloodstained sword. 
He laughed as he said, “Oh, boy! I love to play this game, Basha! Do you want to join me? It’s lots of fun!” 
With that, Gnat turned to finish off the Trolla and Basha sadly shook his head as he turned around. Basha sighed at the sight of Monika, smiling at him and he longed to touch her flowing raven hair. 
Suddenly, a black shape rose behind her and she screamed in pain as a devilish figure laughed harshly. He marched forward and suddenly, he was looking down and saw the Black Sword in his hand. 
He looked up and saw the figure grasping a long, two handled sword and bedecked in a long robe made of strange fur, with a grinning skull mask hiding his face. Basha gulped and took a fighting stance, knowing that he had to do this, yet the figure laughed at him before he moved forward to fight. 
Before Basha knew it, he was riding on a road, heading off to some town, alongside all of his friends. They were laughing and talking, and all of them were there, including Oaka and Monika. 
He looked behind him and saw that there were strange horses following them, with people on their backs and he couldn’t comprehend who they were. He looked up in the sky and for a moment, he thought he saw a beautiful young woman, again around his age, looking down on them with a tear in her eye. 
For a moment, Basha thought that this woman was Monika, but he soon realized that there were a few features that differed from her. Basha continued to look up at her in awe, wondering who she was, but she caught sight of him looking at her and she turned away. 
Suddenly, the scene faded and Basha was in a long golden hall, and on a stand at the end, he saw a golden chalice and he knew that this was Tau’s Cup. 
Basha was about to step forward, when a voice shouted, “Basha, son of Kala of Kotak and Sir Minnow, the king’s champion, for this you must wait. The days to come will be long and harsh and if you are true to heart, it will be yours. Remember all you have seen, for it all will come to pass, in some form or other, be it today or years from now. Basha, Sir Habas the Knight, the Lion of Light, Đąǽora’l and a million other names, you are still who you are. You know who you are, my son, so go forth and fulfill your destiny.” 
Basha turned away from the Cup, although it pained him to do so and he walked back down the golden hall as a thousand eyes watched him and hundreds of whispers cried out his name. Suddenly, he was lifted away from the mist and into the tapestry that was the blue sky…
…Suddenly, a harsh voice yelled, “40 lashes! Done, and it looks like there’s a welt for every lash. Looks like he’s about to collapse, better catch him.” 
Basha fell and was roughly grabbed and lifted up onto the shoulders of the Trollas and realized suddenly what had happened. Surprisingly, he felt none of the welts on his back and smiled at Fato flying high above, yet frowned as he remembered all he had seen…it so mystified him, this way of divination. 
Fato couldn’t see Basha below, but he decided that Basha must surely be in a sorry state and flew on ahead to speak with Pacaben and Jobe. 

At that same time, Goga wiped his forehead and sighed as he said, “Pass me the water canteen, Shama. We better go find a tree, a good long one for the ram.” 
Shama shook his head and told Goga, “We shouldn’t concentrate on the front gates so much, we should try the back gates. Can we not just use those fireworks you told me about, those you took at Coe Wina?” 
Goga slowly said, “I suppose that may do the trick, but let’s make that plan D, I think. For now, let’s stick with the old methods, shall we? It worked in Wina and Kiki’s just the same, trust me.” Shama shrugged and headed out with Goga’s ramming force. 
Meanwhile, Womba took his turn in stirring a large vat of oil and he turned to see the soldiers head out in search of a large tree. He shouted, “Men! Prepare the fire, the enemy has gone!” At once, several men started to kindle the huge roaring fire as others slowly moved the large vat of oil onto the fire. 
Fobata smiled at his king and praised him, “Your Majesty, this was a truly marvelous idea! It takes a true master of strategy to use such a method as this!” 
Sonnagh sighed and walked off, saying, “A king’s wisdom should not be judged in times of war, but in times of peace. Someday, I wish all people would know this.” 
Sonnagh paused thoughtfully beside what appeared to be a shed on top of the castle wall. He glanced into the window at the familiar room, covered with cobwebs. 
For a moment, he thought he saw her, but the image faded. It was nothing, for she was gone. So, the old king wandered off to speak to his men.
 Soon, as the sun finally started to set, the ramming force of Goga’s men slowly came, pulling a massive tree trunk. They looked about in fear of arrows, but the archers had been ordered not to fire, until after the king’s plans took place. 
Goga just shrugged, but Shama was fearful of this strange calm before the storm of the century and dropped his rope to hurry off with several of his men to spend the rest of the day at the camp. 
Goga growled at the retreating Shama and yelled, “All men, raise the bar!” The men heaved as one and lifted the mighty tree trunk and turned it towards the castle gates, which stood about 500 feet away. 
Sonnagh nodded and yelled, “Steady, men, get ready to drop the load!” Goga’s men stepped back a few inches and then screamed as they started to charge the gates. 
Sonnagh, Womba, and Fobata helped slowly lift the vat of boiling oil and it all came down in a shower of fire as the first men came into contact. The rest of the men could hardly stop, so heavy was the force of their charge, and 30 of Goga’s strongest soldiers perished. 
Goga, who had been yelling support behind them, stopped in dismay at the scene of his boiling and screaming men. He yelled, “Sonnagh, you will pay! Your blood will spill on the wall as your kingdom collapses around you!” In response, a score of archers tried to shoot the evil general, but he was swift of foot and they all missed their mark.
 
Pacaben shook his head at Fato as he told the falcon, “It’s sad, it really is to see such a man as Basha waste away. I suppose it was Monika that’s doing him in, but it’s more than that, I suspect. Oaka was the first and then Lanma the old teacher leaving us, I mean, Basha probably was still relying on him and he thought of him as a father, I guess. Then, the whole thing at the abbey probably made him thought of the mother and father he never knew and then, he learned who he was! I don’t know really what this will do to him, but he’s probably never going to be the same.” 
Fato nodded absently and asked, “You were saying something about a plan? So, all of you are going to escape?” 
Jobe covered the bird’s mouth and looked about in terror before whispering, “Not so loud! We only got Jumha the elder unicorn to agree to our plan just last night and the old fellow is quite dandy, but overly cautious, I would say.”
 Pacaben laughed and said, “Overly cautious, you say? Jobe, most of these animals here wouldn’t know what they would do without him! All of their lives depend on him, the leader, and he’s not about to gamble them so willingly! Still, what is a life without any risk, any danger? Pretty boring, that’s what I tell you!” 
Fato turned to Pacaben as he studied him and asked, “So, Pacaben, will you be in charge of this rebellion?” 
Pacaben blinked and frowned to himself, as he whispered, “I don’t know…I suppose I will have to take charge, if Basha won’t be able to recover. The only other person would have to be me, I guess, since I did suggest the plan...I just don’t know if I’m talented enough.” 
Jobe shrugged and told him, “I would say you’re a pretty capable knight, as far as I know, you know what to do.” 
Pacaben sighed and muttered, “Well, I guess you haven’t met a lot of knights…most of them have been in dozens of battles while I just laid about the castle, being lazy! Still, I’ve matured since then…I know what I should do, that this is my duty as a knight and I even know how I can do it, but I just don’t have the confidence right now.”  
Meanwhile, Fato’s eyes, being the sharpest, first saw the Trollas. He screeched, “Here comes Basha!” 
The group and several creatures, including Prick and his pals, raced forward and waited patiently for the Trollas to finish climbing down the ladders. One of them dropped Basha onto the dirt ground of the Pits and he immediately got up and headed over to the group. 
They stared in fascination at their friend, who had been taken away an hour earlier as a shell of a man, a pale and wide-eyed man taken away to some horrible fate, or to come back as something worse. Yet, he came back and he was Basha once more, with his brown hair blowing in the wind, the light dancing about in his brown eyes and a whistle, a tune playing from his lips! 
Basha smiled and shouted, “Fato, you old bird! It’s good to see you, sorry about earlier, I wasn’t thinking clearly. Ah, Jobe, I’ll certainly be happy to hear some tale tonight, any will do quite splendidly, me old boy! Pacaben, how have you been? Let’s go over here and chat for a moment.” 
Basha led Pacaben into a corner and there, Basha sighed and some of the sadness came into his face, but it brought to him an older, wiser look seen in the likes of Sonnagh and Lanma. As Sir Pacaben stared at him, he once more felt awe at the sight of Basha, like back at the ocean’s cliff and he realized now that this was respect in a way, but perhaps something far beyond that.
Pacaben smiled sadly and asked, “Basha, I’m sorry for all that’s happened. Men go through much sorrow in their lives, but it’s a shame to experience so much at one time and so young. What happened?” 
Basha sighed and told him, “I had a vision, I suppose, when they were whipping me, because of lack of sleep and food, as well as worry. Yet it seemed so real to me that I know now what I must do. When I first left Coe Baba, I was innocent in the ways of the world. Oaka and me had such fun, playing in the woods and out on the farm. We always pretended to be knights, because of all of the stories. Now I am, in a way, a Knight, but it’s just…difficult, I suppose you could say. I just don’t know really what to do next and I always had a plan before. What do you suggest, Pacaben?” 
He shrugged and replied, “First off, we have to get out of here and I think I have an idea for a rebellion, which Jumha has approved. Would you like to hear?” 
Basha nodded and the two men walked off, as Pacaben’s foot took a lighter step as he thought that if Basha could manage to get through all of his trouble…perhaps they could pull of this rebellion. Anyway, the group spent the rest of the day listening to Pacaben’s idea on escape. 
However, sometime during the evening, Basha found time to come over to Fato and asked, “Fato, I have a small job for you, if it is possible at all.” 
Fato nodded and notified him, “I’m certain I can do anything you ask.” 
 Basha leaned close to him and whispered, “I wish you to find Monika. She will possibly be held captive in Coe Doomba, somewhere, and right now, she is probably in more danger than anyone here. Also, if it’s possibly, try to tell her that we will escape and we want her to join us. Surely there must be a way to get out of there, there must be!” 
 Fato nodded and cried, “Don’t worry Basha, I’ll find her! Hopefully, she would at least thank me for all the help I’ve given!” 
Basha chuckled at Fato’s little joke and quickly told him, “She must try the escape several hours from when you arrive, around nighttime tomorrow, the exact time we’re going to follow Pacaben’s plan. Then, she must head for the Dragon’s Teeth and try to stay there for several hours and wait for us. If we don’t get there by noon at the latest, Fato, order her or drag her away, so that you can both head to the north. If that happens, it means we probably didn't make it. Remember, noon the day after tomorrow and not a moment sooner.” Fato nodded and took off, as Basha watched in awe and hopefulness to experience such freedom again.
 
That night, Shama yelled, “It’s your fault, you’re such an incompetent leader! If you had just used those fireworks, this would be done with!” 
Goga shouted, “Strategy! It wouldn’t do to bring them out yet, not when I have a hundred ideas brewing inside my head! They are for the final phase! A true leader would know this and it’s amazing you were the leader of such dishonest men for so many years!” 
Shama laughed and yelled, “Dishonest! They are as honest as any man and many a man are more dishonest than they are! They are just trying to find food, a way to earn money for their poor children and wives, whom long for them back at home! Thanks to you, 30 wives and dozens of children will never see their men ever again!” 
Goga sighed and told him, “Shama, do not blame me, how could I know about the oil? Blame Sonnagh, the treacherous man who murdered them all! Besides, I noticed that just before the men ran to the door, you dropped the rope and ran from them, with some other men. Why, Shama?” 
Shama turned to Goga and growled, “What do you mean, Goga? I have no reason for turning traitor on my men, no motive. Besides, isn’t your brother in there? Perhaps your brother told you about the oil and that’s why you kept your men away and the boiling oil killed my men. Is that it, my friend, my old chum?” Goga cracked his knuckles, but he quickly calmed himself enough before he could’ve pounced on Shama for saying such things. 
Goga growled and said, “My brother and I would never team up, never again. In the early days, we had fun besieging the cities of Pinal, but then, we came home to learn our father had died and the whole castle belonged to Fobata. 
“All he had done was agree to my strategies, he never went into battle and he never thought of any original idea. It crushed me to have to work for Fobata, when I had been the leader of our campaigns. 
“He deserved nothing, yet he got everything and I hated it. Fobata never paid any heed to our father, but I, I tried to please my father and he ignored me! He gave me my brother’s old clothes and my brother’s old weapons that he had tossed aside after being unable to use them! 
“Fobata grew fat on our father’s money and he plunged the castle into debt and I hated him! How? How? Why me, why did I have to be the youngest? Why…” 
Shama quickly retreated from the ranting Goga, who obviously was going to act crazy until he finished dealing with his issues. Goga paused and realized his audience was gone, which made him sign at himself. 
Suddenly, a revolutionary idea popped into his mind and he wandered about the camp, searching for the perfect man. Finally, he stopped in front of a tent and beside it there was a hole, going deep into the earth. 
Goga smiled and yelled down the hole, “Molok! Molok, come on up here for I must have a word with you!”
 
Chapter 16: Tunnels and Escapes
On the 12th day of Juli and the 141st day of the Great Quest, Juna looked down from the pass between two mountains of the Dragon’s Teeth and shuddered. Gnat came and said, “Yuck, what’s that smell? Smells like a goat brought up his dinner and then died!” 
Juna sighed and said, “It is the smell of evil, that I am certain. Then again, we are just dozen leagues or more from Mt. Doomba…that could just be the smell of fire and brimstone. Oaka, are you still sure you want to keep going? All of this travel must be tough, what with your leg and everything.” 
Oaka limped forward on a cane, since the weather was effecting his still damaged leg and smiled as he answered, “As I keep telling you, yes! Stop worrying about my leg, because as long as I can walk, I’ll be just fine! Will we be stopping here for the rest of the day, or go a little further?” 
Juna sighed and said, “I suppose we’ll go a little farther for today. We may be able to rest near the ruins of Coe Lima for a day or so, but I don’t think the men would like staying in one place for too long, just in case we attract Doomba’s notice. 
“You know, and this is just a secret between us, I think the others are a little nervous. They may be thinking about doing something drastic to stop this ‘crazy’ march.” Oaka, Gnat, and Juna both looked behind them at the crowd of men, several of them muttering among themselves and glaring at the land where their leader was forcing them to go to. 
Gnat shook his head and told him, “Don’t worry sir, they would never think of leaving you! Besides, even if they tried to desert, I would just stick them with my sword! I’m getting better, you said so yourself, I can show them that nobody should mess with Juna, thanks to your lessons!” 
Juna smiled and ruffled Gnat’s hair as he and Oaka exchanged nervous glances amongst each other. Gnat stared at them, and then he shrugged as he ran off to talk with some of the soldiers.
Oaka turned to Juna as he whispered, “Do you think it was a good idea, to teach those lessons to that boy? He’s too young to understand all of this and you should know better than that.” 
Juna shrugged and said, “He’s not that young. He’s only three years younger than you, after all, not a child anymore. Besides, it’s best he should learn about using the sword, since it is the only defense he can use on the battlefield. He won’t attack anyone, he’ll only have to defend himself and only if every other man is perished, I’m certain. We don’t have to think much on that now, Oaka…we have bigger problems.” 
Oaka nodded and they walked away to the horses, as they prepared to set off again. Oaka, however, climbed back into the bed of the wagon he shared with Gnat, a little glad that his companion wasn’t there now. 
Oaka dug into a pile of sacks and sighed as he grasped the familiar hilt of the Red Sword, imagining himself performing the familiar sword moves that he had learned from Sir Nickleby. So far, such thoughts had been the only way to ‘practice’ with the Red Sword due to his injury, yet Oaka knew he needed more than that if they were to face danger in the Wastelands. At last, he was satisfied enough and placed the Red Sword nearby, so that he may be able to grab it should danger threaten.

Monika groaned and sighed as she sat up and looked out the bars of her window. She been taken to Doomba yesterday and she still felt the pain, but this time, he had asked questions. She didn’t remember much, but she was certain she hadn’t said much…she hoped she hadn’t said much. 
Gringok came by with some more water and said, “You good? Good, his Dark One will be sure to double the amount of questioning the next time. Now, rest for awhile and don’t try anything funny!” 
Monika sighed again as the little creature limped away, obviously nursing some wound he had received from the other gringoks. She turned back to the window and gasped, then relaxed, happy that it wasn’t some gruelmoff she was seeing. 
She whispered, “Fato, what are you doing here? You better go, they will see you, if there are guards on the wall!” 
Fato squawked and said, “Ah, I think this is their blind spot, me being so close to the wall they’re standing on. So, you are okay? Has it been bad?” 
Monika shrugged and cautiously said, “Well, I don’t know, it may be normal for other prisoners. So, are you doing well? How did you know I was here?” 
 Fato shrugged and said, “I can’t complain, although I haven’t gotten one decent rat since I got to this miserable place. Anyway, I knew you were here, because I found the others.” 
Monika smiled and murmured, “Oh, good! They’re at the Pits, right? Hopefully they all are doing well.” 
Fato told her, “They’re all fine, but Basha was a little sad for awhile, but he bounced right back. They are thinking of making a break for it and wonder if it’s possible for you to find a way out? Can you think of anything, anything at all?” 
Monika thoughtfully turned back to the door that Gringok had just left through and she said, “I think I may have an idea…there is at least one creature here that may be able to help. First off, stay silent when the sun sets. Did Basha tell you anything about what we should do?” Fato quickly told Monika, who nodded at what he said. 
 
Jamen smiled at Jawen as she stepped out of her room in her wedding dress and she said, “Oh, my darling little baby girl! It’s absolutely wonderful! I’ll go tell the dressmaker right away.” Jawen smiled as she carefully sat down at a chair and held up her mirror. 
She carefully started to brush through her rough hair, when Hastin came in saying, “I heard your mother talking and I just had to see the dress!” 
Jawen yelped and she yelled, “Hastin, you know what they say! Tau frowns down on grooms that see their brides in their gown before the wedding day!” 
Hastin laughed and said, “It’s on the wedding day, not before the wedding day. That means I can come see you as much as I want to, until our wedding day.” 
 Jawen shrugged, but she informed him, “I’m not sure I want to do…you know what until our honeymoon. That way, the night will be much better. So what do you think?” 
Hastin fidgeted a little, but finally smiled and told her, “Whatever my baby wants, my baby gets. Do you think your father could offer me a small job as a clerk or so? I’m afraid Ulna the blacksmith doesn’t think me a very worthy apprentice.” 
Jawen kissed him and answered, “Don’t you worry, daddy will be more than proud to give a job to his…son.” They both giggled and sighed happily, as most soon to be wedded couples do.
 
Womba moaned and turned to his father to say, “I don’t like it, father. They’ve been quiet for far too long and I don’t know why, I can’t see anything!” 
Sonnagh, Marlo and Fobata came over and they both glanced towards the enemies’ camp towards the south, which appeared as if over half of them weren’t there. Papia stood nearby, ignored by the foursome, yet he also glanced at the camp and squinted at the empty tents in an exact copy of the other men just in case they might notice him.
Fobata thoughtfully hummed and said, “Any strange occurrence?” 
Womba shrugged, but then added, “Well, I have seen more than one men go behind some rocks over,” he pointed towards the southwest where a strange pile of rocks had been placed by some act of nature. 
Marlo shrugged and told them, “It’s nothing, just coincidence.”
Fobata stared at the steward in shock, yet the steward just shrugged, apparently getting bolder with his master everyday. However, Sonnagh nodded and said, “On our next attack, let’s head over there, okay men?” They nodded and turned away from the rocks, not noticing that Goga and Hava was leading Shama over there at that moment. 
Shama turned to Goga and suspiciously said, “What is the idea of all of this? You said you had some sort of plan, a master plan.” Goga smiled, but said nothing until they were behind the rocks. There, a strange looking man with pale skin and beady, black eyes squinting at them met them. 
Goga pointed to him and said, “This is Molok, our head supervisor of the master plan and all of the men.” 
Shama looked around and yelled, “Where is all of the men you speak of? I see nothing here, nothing at all!” 
Molok growled and said, “Ground, ground, do you ever look down for goodness sake?” Shama looked down and gasped at a big, gaping hole sloping down into the ground. With Molok in the lead, Goga, Hava, and Shama followed into the dark tunnel with Goga smiling at Shama’s huge eyes. 
On the way, Molok knocked on the walls and dug a little here and there as he explained, “Tunnel must be good, must be perfect! Too much pressure is bad, but now, we can make sure that it will hold some pressure. Time, more time, but soon well, that I promise! Men need experience, but strong, all big, very good for tunnel making. Tomorrow, I assure you, I promise, men come down with swords and marching, if careful. Yes, we’re almost inside Kiki, working all day and night, no stop, no rest!” 
Shama shook his head and turned to Goga and asked, “Where did you find him?” 
Hava replied, “He was digging trenches for the latrines in Wana and my master bought him. He did some digging in Wina, but nothing this big. He is doing well, is he not, General Goga?” 
Goga nodded, but reprimanded Hava, “Hold your tongue, you must remember this. Shama was talking to me. Now you will write your notes for history, Hava, and no pertness from you! I’m sorry, Shama, for the rude interruption of my scribe, but Hava does make a point.”
Shama nodded and replied, “I suppose that’s true. It’s so perfect! Molok, I appraise you and your men, for I see no imperfection on my part.” 
Goga nodded and patted Molok on the back and said, “Keep up the good work, Molok, my boy! If all goes well, you will get a goodly share of the bounty!” 
Molok beamed with pride and told them, “Oh, just doing job, but it is good, yes, it is very good. Now, leaders must go up, must leave us alone to work, make sure nobody comes near here, until tomorrow at earliest.”

Night came and the moon shone down upon the Pits, where a concealed air of suspense was over all of the animals and humans. Jumha smiled at the slaves gathered around a fire and looked up to check on the Trollas. As was custom, they chose to ignore the slaves during story time, since it appeared to give them a sense of calm and thus supposedly stopped slave rebellions, but tonight, this would be their first mistake. 
Jumha nodded at Pacaben and Basha, who both got up and slipped away as Jumha first started to say, “Once upon a time…” 
Jumha had chosen to tell the tale of Pelua and Vavog, a long tale telling of the doomed love between a fairy lady, or a Fay, and a normal man in the Golden Age of Arria. The Fay, as all of the legends said, were the only creatures that all had magical powers, although the Fay weren’t immortal, they just lived for perhaps thousands of years. 
Meanwhile, Pacaben and Basha sneaked off into the shadows and went into a small bunker that had been dug into the dirt and rock wall of the pits. The bunker stored many of the slaves’ digging tools, such as pickaxes, shovels, and several whips for the Trollas, as well as a special powder, sometimes used by Trollas to explode a hole into the ground. This was their second mistake, not leaving a Trolla to guard this place at night. 
Basha and Pacaben silently gathered as much of the stuff out of there as possible, assembling them into a small pile. Jumha kept on telling his story as several animals softly got up to receive a weapon from the men and them more came, as Jumha kept on talking to his audience that was no longer there. As soon as the slaves received their arms, they skulked up behind the Trolla guards, who had taken to listening to the story. 
Suddenly, Jumha said, “Pelua clutched Vavog close to her bosom and whispered, ‘As long as there is a Fay out there, they will speak of us, those fated to love who should not have loved and those who wandered the world till their dying days, mourning what could never be.’ 
“So thus, Pelua laid to rest the old man who had once been a young lad when they romped about the gardens of Valtonor, but now her lover, the hero called Vavog, was gone. So, Pelua wandered away and never returned, perhaps dying years later. Thus ends the sad history of Pelua the Fay lady and her lover, Vavog the hero.” 
At this, the first slaves raised their picks and took a few of the Trollas by surprise, but several had fast reflexes and immediately upon seeing their friends collapsing, they seized the prisoners behind them. Basha wrestled with a Trolla, but despite the monster’s strength, the Trolla was knocked unconscious. 
Another Trolla yelled out, and the gruelmoffs descended upon the captives with a fury. Jumha led the unicorns and centaurs, kicking at the gruelmoffs and either stabbing or punching the horrendous flock. 
One or two gruelmoffs were intelligent enough to fly away from the chaos, heading toward Coe Doomba, yet they did not reach the fortress until dawn, luckily. The gnomes, with Prick in the lead, flocked around a Trolla and attacked him in a swarm, flying about like wasps and attacking just as fiercely, despite the enormous difference in size. 
A few slaves, being too young or too old, chose to quickly clamber up the ladders now to try and escape, for that battle was not for them. Pacaben as was his manner, fought harshly, but acted sometimes as if he was bored with this tiresome game that he always won, suddenly turning back into a true nobleman. 
Meanwhile, Basha’s manner had changed, for his fighting manner was rather grim and not too complicated, not at all like an endless dance. Just a swipe here, a dodge here, a swipe here and all other sorts of random acts, following no pattern as far as any could discern. 
Jobe was uneasy, for he was still a bard and not a man of war. A Trolla spotted him and crept closer, pounding his fists and when Jobe looked up, he squealed. 
However, like a flash, Basha leaped in to charge Jobe’s would-be antagonist and for a moment, Jobe had a strange premonition. The scene was frozen and there stood Basha, not the young man of about 16, but a man that has seen many more years, more battles, and more sorrows than this young one. 
He held himself nobly with his bright brown eyes as cold as steel and yet dancing about. Upon his brow was placed a coronet made of simple silver, nothing more than a mere circle, yet he held it as if it were a king’s crown. 
He held in one hand the Black Sword and in the other, he held a small chick, a pure white bird. Then, it was gone and Jobe shook his head as Basha walked slowly forward, with the Trolla lying motionless on the ground. 
Jobe turned to Basha and asked, “If you could stop right now, would you?” 
Basha stared at Jobe and replied, “Whatever do you mean? Are you talking about this,” and with that he waved his hand towards the battle. 
Jobe nodded and Basha sighed and answered, “Jobe, it is never easy to have peace. If I could stop, I suppose I would, but that would be like someone coming back from the dead! Now, I believe we’re almost done here, so go on up and check the horses, Pacaben and me will come when everything is done.” 
The bard sighed and turned to leave as Basha turned to finish off the remaining Trollas that were still standing. When Jobe climbed out of the Pits, he searched in several buildings used by the Trollas and soon found the stables, where he found Quint, Lola, Talan and Joko quite well enough. He checked and was amazed that the Trollas hadn’t bothered with the packs, especially happy that the Swords were still there. 
Jobe led them out and smiled at the weary Pacaben and Basha, before saying, “Those Trollas, quite strange indeed. They treat horses better than they treat slaves!” 
What remained of the group laughed, a very acrimonious sound after all they had gone through here. Pacaben reached into his pack and pulled out his sword, staring at it a moment as he glanced over toward Basha, before he nodded and walked over to him. 
Basha turned to see the knight coming over and he said, “Pacaben, what are you doing?” Pacaben suddenly dropped onto his knees and the other two men stared at him in shock, wondering what he was doing as the knight held up his sword. 
Pacaben gazed up at Basha and whispered, “Basha, forgive me for any wrong or insult I have given to you in the past, when I was still so arrogant. In the short time that we have been together, I have realized what you are…because of that, I offer you my sword and service whenever you would need it. King Sonnagh called me a knight, but I was never a true Knight of Arria until I met you.” 
Basha shivered a little, uncertain about what to say, yet he still murmured, “I…I accept it, Pacaben, but I hope I would not have to ask of it again when this is all over. Stand up now, this is not the time to be on your knees, not with the enemy still all around us.” Pacaben nodded and rose, walking away with Lola’s reins in his grip as Basha and Jobe watched him go. 
Jobe shook his head and murmured, “Such a strange thing…still, perhaps it is a worthy thing to say. Basha, you are no ordinary man, you are a true leader…we’ve known that for a while now and whether you like it or not, you must accept such a thing.” 
Basha glanced at Jobe, trying to think of some sort of reply to this statement, but the bard had turned away and grabbed Quint. So he sighed and took Joko and Talan, attaching Joko to Talan’s back once. 
Basha mounted his horse and turned to gaze at the Pits, seeing scores of unicorns, centaurs, and gnomes climbing up the stairs and ramps among other creatures, all of them talking rapidly and occasionally breaking out into dancing, although most humans would never have been able to perform the steps. Basha turned his head to the east and stared at the fortress of Doomba, his mind wandering through the words and visions he had witnessed throughout that time, thinking of Monika and Oaka as he looked toward the source of his pain. 
At that moment, Basha finally accepted his destiny when, in the direction of Doomba, he whispered, “Your Pits lay in disarray, your slaves are free and your servants have fallen. The time soon comes, that you surely know and have known for many years. I come for you now, Doomba, for I am he, the Đąǽora’l.” 
A few are not sure exactly if this event and the next event happened at the same time, but some say it was that Doomba had heard Basha’s words and that this was a sign of his anger. Some even say that what happened next was because of Basha’s anger, but nevertheless, most agree that at the same time as Basha whispered those words, smoke rose from the volcano known as Mt. Doomba and the smell of sulfur filled the sky all around. 
In the Wastelands, Juna’s forces tremble in fear and awe at the sight, while the watchmen of Kiki turned their eyes from the battlefields to the distant smoke. 
All about the land of Arria and beyond, strange events and rumors run rampart throughout the land of the distant war and of strange things going on far to the south of Kiki’s battlefield. However, some didn’t notice the fires of Mt. Doomba, for they were busy fighting for freedom, and they were not Basha and his companions, but another companion in Coe Doomba.
Gringok came into the dungeon, still nursing his wound that Grinwarrior, another gringok, had given him earlier that afternoon. At this rate, Gringok probably would never get another chance to have his name changed to something great like Warriorhawk and would be stuck with his name for the rest of his life. 
Suddenly, the young girl in her cell moaned and gasped, and Gringok was about to pass by her, but he stopped. Real warriors would never worry so much over a prisoner and in fact, would probably punish the captive for uttering a noise. 
However, Gringok was attracted to Monika, because of her weakness and he feared what his master would say if his servant had allowed a very important person to suffer. So he rushed into the cell, and was roughly grabbed. 
Before he could yell for a guard, his mouth was clasped and Monika reached around. He struggled, but a falcon pecked him a few times and Gringok was subdued. At last, Monika found a pair of keys on his body, as well as a small gringok sword, no more than a knife to her. 
She whispered, “Forgive me, but desperate times make us desperate people. Now, you will lead me to the stables, you will not panic or yell for help. Find a way for us to pass all of the guards without being detected and I will not do anything. If we are discovered, I will either use this knife or He will think you were an accomplice and thusly punish you as a traitor.” 
Gringok gulped and nodded as he mumbled, “I agree to all terms, so unhand me.” 
Monika did so, but gripped the dagger harder as Gringok thought for a moment and answered, “I have an idea, but for it to work, it must look like you’re the prisoner and I am holding the sword.” 
Fato growled at this, but Monika nodded and allowed Gringok to bind her hands behind her, with her holding the dagger’s handle. Gringok gripped the blade and thusly they both got up and slowly started to walk through the castle, while Fato flew out the window to wait near the stables. The halls were long and dark, so it was hard to see someone coming until they were almost in front of you. 
A Trolla came by once or twice and Gringok would always mumble, “The Lord says the prisoner must be taken to the latrine while we clean up. Humans are such filthy creatures, don’t you agree?” 
At this, the Trolla would roar with laughter and walk away while Gringok flinched as Monika gave him a little nick with the dagger. Finally, they reached the courtyard and there, a bunch of Black Wolves got up and started howling at the prisoner and keeper alike, with Gringok shivering slightly. Finally, with no else looking their direction after the sound of the Black Wolves, they entered the stables and Fato flew in. 
At this, Gringok lifted his finger and whispered, “Now, here is the dangerous part. This is the stable and your horse is all the way over here, but the trouble is the rest of the horses.” Monika turned and saw that the horses were all black as far as she could see and she shivered at the thought of the Ghoulmen coming in here to hold their horses. 
Fato whispered, “Well, Gringok, got anything?” 
Gringok handed them a blanket and replied, “Hide beneath the blanket as you crawl to your horse’s stall. It smells like a horse, so they won’t know who you really are. The packs should all be there, in good condition. Well, nice knowing you, but this is the gratitude I get for caring for you!” 
Monika sighed and said, “Thank you for everything and I’m sorry, but I had to do this, you understand?” 
Gringok nodded and Monika covered herself and Fato and they slowly started to crawl, or in Fato’s case, walk towards the end of the stable. As she went on, Monika heard the horses’ panting at the strange smell, but soon they calmed down as the familiar smells came back to them. 
One horse was still sniffing, trying to catch any scent, yet there was none as far as he could tell. An uneasy nicker came from where they were heading, which was answered by the cruel braying or laughing of the other horses. 
Monika’s anger rose, but she calmly kept on going until she finally dared to take a peek and saw Deja in the last stall. He was about to neigh in happiness, but Monika quietly covered his mouth. Still wrapped in the horse blanket, she carefully grabbed the packs and strapped them on the nervous Deja. 
She got on the horse with Fato by her side and whispered, “Ready, Fato?” 
Several ears went up and the horse that had been still sniffing suddenly got the scent and snorted, before braying out. Deja kicked his stall open and raced through the stable as all the horses cried out the alarm. 
Black Wolves snarled and snapped as Trollas started to come running from the distance. The gates were closing, but Deja and Monika made it through, while Fato flew over the walls and escaped the grasp of a Ghoulman. He soared high over the running horse and swooped down to alight on Monika’s shoulder. 
Fato squawked as he yelled, “That was so simple, I still can’t believe it!” 
Monika laughed as she winced a little, but shook the momentary shock of pain away. For as they raced farther and farther away from Coe Doomba, something watched them. 
All of a sudden, Monika gasped and fell forward and Deja almost faltered. Fato screeched at Monika, but quickly launched himself on the horse’s back, where he dug his talons in deep. Deja neighed and rushed on, as Fato tried to revive the unconscious Monika. 
He muttered, “Curse it, it was too simple. Doomba’s doing this somehow and the faster we get away, the sooner we can deal with this.”
 
Dawn rose over the horizon as the 13th day of Juli came and thus the 142nd day of the Great Quest. Molok mumbled to himself a little as he finally reached up and punched through the final wall of dirt. 
He raised his head and smiled at the sight of the walls behind him, meaning he had made it into Kiki. He looked around and nodded, realizing he was behind a shed, in a small space between that and the wall. 
Judging from what he could see, two men could walk in this space shoulder to shoulder and there was a small gap between this shed and the next, where the men could get into the main courtyard. Molok quickly lowered his head and smiled at the men, who all silently cheered together. 
Now, at Molok’s command, the force of diggers turned their attention back to perfecting the tunnel, for in their rush to breach Kiki’s walls, they had failed to perfect the supports of their master tunnel. 
Meanwhile, Shama and Goga stood before the gates, waiting to do battle with Sonnagh’s men. 
Shama turned to Goga and whispered, “I guess that at this rate, we’ll never get to use the fireworks. Such a shame that is, I wanted to have a good show.” 
Goga laughed and told him, “Shama, there will be time for fireworks to celebrate my coronation as king! Never fear, one way or another, those fireworks will be used.” 
Soon, there was the sound of the trumpets as the gates opened and the army marched out, led by the old King Sonnagh and Prince Womba, with Fobata’s pony laboring to keep up behind them, or so it appeared. Fobata had actually fallen back to try to reason with Lord K who had finally been forced onto the battlefield. None of Fobata’s pleas appeared to reach Lord K’s ears, so Fobata just gave up. 
Sonnagh, as custom dictated, yelled, “Sir, this battle will end here and now if you surrender to me!” 
Goga, again as custom dictated, laughed and shouted, “Sir, I hear your plea, but I will have your sword ‘ere the battle’s end.” 
Both sides raised their war cries and charged, soon meeting in the middle as custom always said. However, Goga noticed that the king’s men weren’t trying to force them towards the south, but were forcing them towards the southwest, where Molok and his men were working on their tunnels. Goga turned fearful and told his men to push on, but some of his best men had gone into the tunnels, and they were pushed back. 
During a small lull in the battle, Womba turned to his father and said, “My King, they are trying to force us away, much harder than before.” 
Sonnagh nodded and replied, “It is as I thought, they are doing something over there and they don’t want us to see. Thus, more the reason why we must see what they are doing. Tell the men to charge head on, no quarter will be given.” The order was given and the king’s men attacked hard, forcing Goga and Shama’s men back onward. 
Down below, Molok paused and lifted his head as suddenly, the walls of the tunnel trembled. The men quailed in fear as Molok yelled, “Ack, stupid Goga! They come, tunnel not ready, what to do, what to do? Ah, I know, Molok know, he knows what to do. Run! Fly, tunnel falling, tunnel falling, every man for himself!” 
The men screamed and ran off as above, the rearguard of Goga’s men suddenly fell into the ground, into the space made by the tunnel. Panic ensued on both sides with horses stampeding all about, men falling to the ground, men retreating back or men going forward to see what the commotion was. 
When those that had survived the tunnel collapse rose from the ground, they were covered in dirt and looked so much like monsters that even there own companions cried out in terror. Yet, the dust fell away and the king’s men shot some of them and captured a few, one of them being Molok himself. 
Hava turned to Goga and said, “Sir, I believe there had been about 40 men down in the hole and we lost I think about 30 in the oil incident. What with the losses in the scrimmages, I think our casualties add up to about 100 to 200 men, sir, if you count the wounded.” 
Goga turned to Shama and told him, “Well, me pal, you’ll get your fireworks soon enough. Report to me later, and we shall talk more of our plans.” Goga left in a sulk with Hava following his general and Shama glared at them. 
He turned to one of his thieves and whispered, “I thought about using them days ago, and after losing some of his best men, he thinks of them! Would a great general allow his men to die for his inefficient and illogical plans, while he holds his best plan! I tell you, someone has to stop this insane man and you’re looking at the man for the job.”
Meanwhile, to the southwest of Kiki, there laid the picturesque town of Coe Jaja. It was a small town of simple people that tried to live normal lives in the shadow of the Dragon’s Teeth. 
They went to market and paused to watch the monks of the monastery known as the Sons of the Gods, which lay near the center of the town. However, many times in the past, Trollas and Black Wolves of Doomba came from the Wastelands and terrorized the town, so around the time of the beginning of the Dark Ages, they built the great Ft. Ca, or Old Ft. Ca as it was now called. 
Nowadays, soldiers lived out in the fields around Jaja and the old fort was turned into a sort of museum, as far as anyone could tell. For when Major Lupo took command of the fort about 30 years ago, he ordered that the best craftsmen be set to work building nothing except…statues. 
The courtyards of the fort were filled with statues, but they weren’t like statues of little children. They were soldiers, some were the kings of Arria from King Solan the Slayer, father of King Sonnagh the Soft, to King Marvola the Magnificent. Some were great generals who had won great victories in the field of battle, while others were the heroes of old, from Roka, who fought off a horde of dragons, to Vavog, who had saved the kingdom of the fairies from evil before the rise of Doomba. 
Nobody knew why he did this and nobody cared, but they wanted to see these statues, so Major Lupo let them come in to stare. Because of this, Fort Ca was no longer considered very important and only poor soldiers got sent there, and this year’s winner was Private Aman, who had just entered the army, thanks to great-uncle Lupo. On this day, the bored private settled down to read a book, but the major was up and about, staring out the window and into the distance. 
Aman sighed and said, “Lupo, come back here! So what if Mt. Doomba is ablaze? Let the others handle it or else you may break your back with all of this work. Mother sent me a letter, you know. She reminded me that you’re not as young as you act.”
Old Major Lupo turned back and laughed as he shouted, “Oh, curse that mother of yours, she’s too meddlesome for her own good! It was just like my brother to have a daughter like that…oh well, it’s all in the past and you two are the only relatives I have. Say, my boy, is this the first book you’ve been reading in a month? Read more, learn more!” 
Aman growled, throwing the book to the side as he yelled, “The only thing I do here is read, it’s the only thing keeping me from boredom! Now, go back to the window, but there’s still nothing you can do about it!” 
Major Lupo laughed as he tapped a book that Aman saw him reading a lot, some book titled ‘The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer’, although Private Aman had never cared to read the book that was probably about traveling in the Wailing Bog or whatever. 
Lupo cried, “Nothing? Private, if you looked outside right now, you would be seeing the greatest battle that Arria has seen!” 
At that, Aman guffawed and said, “The greatest battle that Arria has seen? I don’t know what you’re talking about, there hasn’t been any trouble for years now…maybe I should have never even considered joining the army, it has been a waste of my time!” 
Lupo’s face reddened and he yelled, “That does it! I’m doing it now, I should have done it days ago! Now, where’s the armory?” Aman sighed and led Lupo down the stairs and unbolted the door that opened into a very dusty armory. 
Lupo leaped onto a pile of swords as Aman protested, “You can’t go fight with the soldiers! You’re too old and someone has to hold the base! Besides, none of those swords will work, they are all rusting!” 
Suddenly, Lupo cried out and raised aloft a sword with a stone hilt, a mighty sword of strange beauty with steel that no rust could penetrate! Aman gaped at the old, chortling major for a moment, looking upon his great-uncle with awe for the first time in his life. 
Yet, Major Lupo set off out the door and Aman’s awe quickly faded as he followed him and shouted, “What can we do to aid the soldiers? There’s only the two of us and that’s nothing!” 
Lupo giggled and said, “The soldiers? I could care less about them, I’m going to the Đąǽora’l! Anyway, once I’m through here, there will be more than just us!” 
With that mysterious statement, Lupo went into the courtyard with Aman following close behind him. Lupo paused in front of the statue of Marvola and touched it with the sword, while whispering, “Silent mortal of stone, awaken again for battle is nigh!” 
Suddenly, the ground shook as the statue slowly blinked and lifted his feet off his pedestal. Aman gasped at this and Lupo smiled at the private, before marching off, as he whistled an old war tune, to awaken more statues. 
Aman stood there for a moment as statues started to move about him and he muttered, “This can’t be happening…it’s a dream! Yet, if it is not a dream, what is Major Lupo getting himself into?” Still, his questions weren’t answered and by late morning, all of the statues were gathered around Lupo and Aman. The poor private still whispered that this was all some kind of crazy dream. 
Two stone horses were brought forth and the humans climbed onto them, as Major Lupo yelled, “Forward march, men!” Surprisingly they set off, traveling at the speed of ordinary humans beside the fact that they were made of heavy stone. So off went the procession of Lupo’s stone soldiers to join the final battle. 

At the same time as the dawn’s rising, Monika groaned softly as more pain came, yet it was weaker than before. She managed to whisper, despite the excruciating pain, “Thank you, Fato. Do you see anything?” 
Fato looked up from his perch on Deja’s head to say, “No sign of horse, black or otherwise. Don’t worry, they’re okay and we’ll see them soon. There, that’s one of the Dragon’s Teeth, or a Tooth I should say. I’m certain there’s a rock to take shade or something, a nice little place for you to rest.” 
Monika wanted to protest, but she knew that it was useless, for she really needed to do this. At last, they reached the peak and Fato flew about, until he screeched, “Here’s a nice cave, better than some rocks! Monika, can you walk?” 
Monika managed to slip off Deja and crawl into the cave’s shelter, before collapsing into a deep slumber. Fato perched on a rock nearby to keep guard, occasionally checking to see that Monika wasn’t experiencing any new pain. The sun rose higher and Fato yawned, tired after spending the whole night awake during the escape. 
He slipped into a nap, when suddenly he heard, “Fato!” He shook his head and looked up to see Basha, Jobe, and Pacaben riding up in the near distance. 
Fato flew off to them and said, “About time all of you got here! Did everything go as plan?” 
Jobe replied, “Yeah, it was a gruesome battle as planned. The other slaves had no idea where to go, so most of them are following us.” Fato stared and in the distance saw a huge cloud of marching animals. 
Basha looked around and whispered, “Monika? Did you find her, is she here?” Fato answered, “Yeah, we got away pretty well for the most part, but I’m not sure what happened. She’s over in that cave, resting…” At that, Basha got up and marched into the cave. 
Pacaben turned to Fato and said, “What did you mean by not sure what happened?” 
Fato leaned in and whispered, “Several minutes after leaving Coe Doomba, she almost collapsed in the saddle for some reason. For awhile, she seemed like she was in a fever, moaning and groaning, but the further away we got, the less it happened. I’m not sure how it happened, but I think…He caused it.”
 They shivered and turned to the cave, wondering what was happening inside. Soon, Basha came out, carrying a weak Monika in his arms. 
Her arms were about his neck and he smiled at her softly, but his face was hard as stone whenever he looked up. He helped her grasp Deja’s neck and then got on Talan. Pacaben got on Lola, Jobe on Quint, while Fato perched on Joko’s empty back.  They raced across the plain, charging off into the distance. 

That afternoon, Sonnagh went onto the battlefield during the daily surrender, when both sides took a chance to get a bite to eat. Of course, soldiers flanked him on all sides, but he took no notice as he looked down at the broken ground, marveling at the ingenuity. Lord Fobata and Prince Womba came up and looked also, but they tried not to disturb their king. 
Finally, he paused to say, “My, such a thing this is. To imagine that Goga could do such a thing, given the little time he had.” 
Fobata answered, “Well, it was partly due to that prisoner we questioned called Molok and his men, but Goga surely had a hand in this. He was very elaborate in his schemes, like this tunnel here. Of course, he’s had enough with these schemes, so now it’s probably going to be simple schemes from here on out.” 
Womba said, “Anyway, did they make it? Did they get so far as the castle?” Sonnagh shrugged, but said, “Even if they did, how can they use it now? The tunnel collapsed, it’ll take a lot of work to fix it and we’ll be watching to make sure nobody tries anything.” The men nodded, not realizing that Goga was plotting, yet it wasn’t about his fireworks.
Goga tapped on the shoulder of one of the soldiers, a tall fellow with dark, shifty eyes and a nervous smile. Goga nodded and said, “Wolfbane, I have a special task for you. Do you have something for a cordial?” 
Wolfbane nodded and replied, “Several, in fact. Swift and painless, or slow and painful?” 
Goga answered, “Swift, a little painful, and can’t be detected or smelled.” 
Wolfbane told him, “Yes, I have one that matches that description. Of course, there shall be no questions on my part and torture will still never sway me.” 
Goga snickered softly as he whispered, “Wolfbane, great minds think alike! I’m glad Wana didn’t want you as a cook anymore.” Wolfbane laughed as he answered, “Oh, all of my meals bored him to death.” They both cackled and separated. 
Meanwhile, Shama went to his friend Dagga and asked, “You know who I want?” 
Dagga twirled his blade as he answered, “Of course, it’s gossip all around. The usual payment must be made in advance, but I always get my man, surely you know that.” 
Shama laughed and patted Dagga on the shoulder, before saying, “This night will be perfect. Remember, I’m counting on you and yours.” 
Dagga patted his bulging coat pocket and replied, “Yes, tonight will be foggy, very good conditions for my plans.” They both chuckled and set down to play some cards.

Jawen looked out her window as Sisila said, “It’s not too late, my friend. You could still say no.” 
Jawen giggled at this and waved her hand to the pile of wedding shower gifts as she said, “Not too late? Sisila, we might as well get married today! Then, I won’t have to wait any longer, for I yearn for him, Sisila, I want Hastin.”
Sisila told her, “You could also say no at the altar, which may be okay.” 
Jawen yelled, “At the altar? Are you daft? What will my parents do with the reception, the honeymoon, and all of the disappointed guests? Mother and Father worked hard to make sure the wedding will be on the 20th and not a day or a month later! The guests came for a wedding, not a breakup!” 
Sisila groaned and said, “You will regret this decision, Jawen, I tell you. Even now, I bet they’re all getting closer and closer to the Cup!” Jawen laughed and Sisila walked away. 
 
Chapter 17: The Reunion
Night came down upon the Wastelands and Pacaben started a low fire, making sure that the smoke didn’t waft up so high as to be spotted. In the close distance, shadows moved and they were in fact the slaves, who were making a small circle around the fire and the humans, to protect themselves and their leaders. Earlier that day, Jumha came to check on the group and took a look at Monika. 
He came to the men and gravely told them, “I have heard of Him using such methods, using his mind or some magic. It is said that he does this to get information, but he probably didn’t get all of it, if she’s still here. I must say she has a strong will and will keep fighting, but she’s weak as a kitty right now. Best thing for her is to rest as much as possible. 
“Oh, by the way, we had a meeting awhile ago and since we have no idea what to do, we have decided to make all of you our leaders, for helping us to escape. We will follow you faithfully wherever you go.” Now, Jobe looked about them and then looked over towards Basha, who was sitting by Monika and holding her hand, as she peacefully slept all wrapped up in a blanket. 
Fato, who had been circling the camp, flew down quickly and said to Pacaben, “There’s something in the distance, I’m not sure what, but I think it’s coming this way.” 
Monika started to moan softly and Basha turned to whisper, “I bet it’s some Ghoulmen or Trollas coming, I think she can feel them. Should we stay here, Pacaben, or flee?” 
Pacaben whispered, “It’s probably too dark, we’ll bunker down for now. If they get close enough, we should flee. Jobe, silently warn the animals, tell them to remain calm until they see anything.” 
Jobe set off from the circle of the fire, just before Pacaben extinguished it. All was silence, except for Monika’s quiet whimpers and the whispers of Basha as he tried to soothe her and finally, there was nothing. In the distance, hooves thundered by and then receded, going off into the distance, towards the west and the Pits. 
Finally, Basha managed to whisper, “Monika’s feeling better, they’re gone for now. I bet they have already gotten wind of the news of the rebellion, so we probably got a lucky break just then.” All breathed a sigh of relief and went back to sleep. 
Meanwhile, Captain Juna was leading his force through the Wastelands in the darkness, for hardly any felt like sleeping in the middle of the night, especially after all of the activity they had heard coming from the southwest. Gnat and Oaka, though, were quite tired and sleeping in the back of a wagon, although the Red Sword was lying close to Oaka’s side. 
Juna glanced toward the two of them, chuckling softly as one soldier raced up to him and muttered, “Captain, a few scouts have not come back yet…they were towards the west, sir, and we have a few guesses about what has happened to them, none of them good.” 
Juna frowned and swore softly, sending out orders among the soldiers as Gnat and Oaka woke up, rising groggily from the wagon bed. Suddenly, a bellow rose from the back of the ranks and all of the soldiers cried out, gripping their swords as they rushed to fight. Oaka was suddenly awake as he gripped the Red Sword tightly, realizing that perhaps now was the time when he would put his weapon to use after all of his practice. 
Beside him, Gnat hissed, “Oaka! No, you can’t do this, your leg still isn’t that good!” 
Oaka shook his head and muttered, “It’s sore, but not as sore as it could be if I let any Trollas take me as a slave! Grab your drum, some of the other soldiers may not have been warned yet.” 
Gnat rolled his eyes, knowing by now all of the excuses that they had made so that he wouldn’t fight, but he obliged and started looking around the wagon for his drum. Oaka jumped down from the bed as Juna rode by him, without seeing him at all as the threat came closer to them, and he thought it was for the best. 
Oaka winced slightly as he felt the pain of his legs, so he decided to just stand here and fight any Trollas or what not that broke through the soldiers. The night progressed and a huge mass of soldiers were gathered in front of Oaka, crying and roaring in the heart of battle as strange voices roared in return. 
A rumble came closer and a few soldiers were knocked down as Oaka gasped at his first sight of a Trolla while behind him, Gnat halted the beating of his drum and stared up at the monster standing in front of Oaka with horror. The Trolla seemed amused at his prey and roared as he charged them, so that all Oaka could do was slash hard at him with the Red Sword. 
Gnat and Oaka both blinked at the same time, staring down at the dead Trolla, but they could not think as more soldiers broke from the line and more of the enemy raced through. That night, Oaka faced Trollas, Black Wolves and gruelmoffs by the dozens. Once, a whole score of gringoks reached them and they were jumping around Oaka so much that a few reached Gnat, but he managed to beat them back to Oaka with his drum and sticks. 
Soon after that encounter, a Trolla sneaked around them and grabbed hold of Gnat, clutching the young man’s arm so hard that Gnat feared the monster would stop the circulation. However, Oaka managed a quick slash at the Trolla with the Red Sword and Gnat started rubbing his arm, sighing in relief. 
Gnat whispered, “Thank you, Oaka, I don’t know what would have happened if that Trolla had taken me away…I owe you one.” 
Oaka just gave a brief nod, not even noticing his friend’s words, now facing a gruelmoff that kept flying guerrilla attacks against him. At last, the battle ended and Oaka nearly fell onto his knees without leaning on the support of the Red Sword as Captain Juna finally rode back to them. 
He dismounted and rushed over as he exclaimed, “Oaka! Oh, I am sorry, you two, I didn’t even think of you! Come on, back into the wagon, Oaka. You’ve done more than enough to help us and you’re still hurting, I know.” Oaka tried to shake his head, but he gave up and crawled back into the wagon with Gnat as soon, they both fell asleep with most of the soldiers, exhausted after the battle, yet all knew they would only receive a bare few hours of sleep.

At that same time, Dagga was walking carefully through the camp while he patted his coat pocket softly. Meanwhile, Wolfbane was walking by with a pint full of red cordial of a dangerous sort. 
Dagga was heading towards General Goga’s tent while Wolfbane was heading for Shama’s tent. Eventually, as fate would have it, they met in the middle of the camp and they both panicked, for they thought every man was asleep and wouldn’t see them doing their dastardly deeds. 
Thus, they reacted, as a cornered rat would do. Wolfbane lifted the pint to hit Dagga on the head, but Dagga had better reflexes and was able to get out his dagger. It abruptly ended as Wolfbane collapsed and Dagga smiled at his dagger. 
He whispered, “Dagga and his dagger, you can’t separate the two. We were named and made for each other and that’s the way it’ll always be.” 
Dagga leaned down and noticed the pint of cordial, which he took as spoils of war. Dagga took a long sip and tossed it aside as he started off to do away with Goga. 
Sadly for him, Wolfbane was an expert herbalist and knew the perfect ingredients for any kind of poison especially those made with the herb called wolfbane. Dagga never made it more than 7 paces toward Goga’s tent.   

The foggy dawn rose on the 14th day of Juli and the 143rd day of the Great Quest when Captain Juna started to lead his force through the ruins of Coe Lima. This had been built back in the days of Coe Pidaria, but when Doomba came down from the south, he destroyed just about everything in his path, including the sleepy village of Coe Lima. 
Now, after more than 2,000 years, there was hardly anything left, except the stone foundations. They had chosen this path, because to the north and south, there was nothing but bogs in either direction. 
When they had risen from their brief rest, they glanced at the remains of the enemy, counting 120 lying on the ground of all sorts, although luckily, Juna knew from all reports that there had been no Ghoulmen. 
Still, questions rose about how they had been discovered when entering the Wastelands or, if that patrol of Doomba’s warriors had stumbled upon them by accident, what had that patrol been looking for? Still, those thoughts were distracting to their travel and they had set out soon after they woke up, reaching Coe Lima less than two hours later. 
Oaka sighed and said, “At this rate, we’ll never reach them! Juna, are you sure this is right?” 
Juna looked around and answered, “Well, after we get through, we’ll follow the bog to the south for a few days and then hit the coast soon afterwards, maybe even manage to catch up with them a little since they had to circle the corner of Salarria.” 
Gnat looked around and asked, “Well, where are we anyway? It’s so misty, we could be heading the wrong way with nothing to keep our path steady…are you sure we’re not heading for one of the bogs right now?” 
Juna shrugged and responded, “Well, the fact is that I’m a little lost in which direction we should be heading. It’s very difficult to navigate around here, do you not think?”
Suddenly, a scout came from the north and yelled, “Sir! There’s a cloud of dust, but I don’t know what it is. It could be one Doomba’s patrols again, for all we know! Should we send a host of men to meet them, to fight with them if they are the enemy?”
Juna nodded and answered, “No, we can’t just send armed men out there if we don’t know who they are! I’ll go out there to check things out, I think I’ll be able to handle this in the best way possible. Besides, I haven’t seen much action since we left Wilama…the other soldiers might have fought those Trollas and gringoks, but it felt like that my own soldiers were trying to keep me from fighting!” 
Oaka groaned and Gnat cried, “Juna, of course they were trying to keep you from fighting last night, you are their captain! The same should apply now, because you have to stay here, you’re our leader! What if it is an enemy patrol? You’ll probably get yourself killed when they see you and then what will we do? Please stay, we need you!”
Juna laughed and replied, “I am the captain, yes, and I order myself to go, for some action! Besides, I’ve heard the men say I’m a coward and it’s time to prove them wrong! Don’t worry about me, I can take care of myself, no matter what happens!” Juna jumped on his horse and galloped away, with Gnat and Oaka watching him go. 
Oaka turned to Gnat and inquired, “Is he always taking risks?” 
Gnat nodded and replied, “Yes, he shouldn’t do this anymore, we’re all counting on him! I better go after him now, perhaps I can talk him out of this whole mess he’s getting himself into! Oaka, can you stay, please? We need someone to manage everything, until either Juna or me returns.” 
Oaka arched his eyebrows, knowing that Gnat would never be able to take care of anything if Juna didn’t return, but he sighed and nodded as Gnat quickly grabbed a short pony and headed off. 
As Gnat galloped off in the same direction that Juna had gone, Oaka watched him go and whispered, “My goodness, Gnat really likes Juna as if he was his father.” 
The group was riding gently, trotting as they kept a slow and steady pace. Monika could barely walk and even though nobody had mentioned it, the fact was that they were keeping this slow pace because of her. Anyway, Pacaben was looking down at the ground that their horses were walking on and he definitely noticed that this dirt was well trodden on, that there were hundreds of old hoof prints and the occasional wheel rut on the ground besides their own. 
Pacaben slowly nodded as he remarked, “Almost looks like a whole army came through here.” 
Monika managed to bend down as she saw the tracks and nodded as she hoarsely said, “Yep, but it’s probably some score and little more.” 
Basha said, “You okay, Monika? Feel anything?”
 Monika thought for a moment and said, “Nope, no pain yet. I don’t know, but I don’t think these tracks are from the horses of Trollas or anything like that. Yet, if it’s not them, then what could it be?” 
Pacaben thoughtfully answered, “You know, I have heard that sometimes, one of Arria’s border patrol would sometimes cross the Dragon’s Teeth, although they probably wouldn’t come this far! Anyway, most patrols are only a handful of men, which is nothing like all of these horse tracks that I see here! Besides, I don’t think old Sonnagh the Soother would ever think of invading the Wastelands, unlike some of the more fiercer kings of the past, so I’m not sure what to think of this.” 
Fato on his perch on Joko’s head nodded and told him, “Whatever it is, I don’t like it, it makes no sense. Who in their right minds, besides us, would come down here?” 
Basha muttered, “I bet a Follower of Doomba wouldn’t flinch to coming down to see his ‘master’.”  The group cautiously turned their heads about as the horses continued onward for awhile. 
Suddenly, the group pulled hard on the reins, looking down at the ground and all around them as their puzzlement grew when they came upon the area of an apparent battle. Trollas, gringoks, gruelmoffs and Black Wolves were scattered all about, with blood and arrows in the dirt around them and the hooves of horses were now clearly in evidence along with shoeprints and that odd rut. 
A few men were lying on the ground and Pacaben glanced at their uniform, nodding as he declared, “Yes, these were soldiers of Arria, although the names on the uniform…they belong to something called the King’s Servants. I never heard of such a regiment before! Of course, it’s been a while since I’ve been in Kiki…maybe they could have made such a group.” 
Basha sighed, glancing at the soldiers as he murmured, “I guess…at least we know now that the people we were following are our allies, if they have struck such a blow against Doomba and his forces. Still, it sickens me…this was probably the patrol that passed by us last night and they were probably looking for us when they stumbled upon the King’s Servants! Do you think any of them survived?” 
Pacaben shrugged and everyone glanced at the ground, breathing in relief when they saw the hooves and wheel ruts progressing onward. They were unable to think of this for long, though, when suddenly they heard the thundering of hooves coming from the direction of the east, the way that the paths had been going. 
Pacaben was about to lift his sword, but Jobe whispered, “We mustn’t, not until we meet them and learn of their intentions, be it for evil or for good…he may be of the King’s Servants, after all.” 
They waited a moment and finally, out of the soft mist they saw a shadow, and there upon a great steed sat a fine young man, wearing a red outfit. So they lowered their swords, thanks to what Pacaben had told them. 
This was Captain Juna, of course, and he was slightly surprised to see these people here. From their descriptions, it seemed as if these were the friends that Gnat and Oaka were looking for. 
He smiled for a moment as they stood there in the midst of the old battlefield, staring at each other, and thought of how much fun it would be if he played a little game on them before he told them who he was. 
He nodded to himself, before saying, “Good morning, friends. You look a little lost in this mist. May I be of service?” 
Basha frowned and coldly answered, “We are not lost, we know our way well enough. You have come quite far down south, for you are a member of Arria’s border patrol, as we saw by the uniforms of your fallen comrades and by the trouble that you wrecked upon this patrol of Doomba’s warriors. We have been gone for a while and I demand an explanation from you before we can truly trust you. Why are you here in the Wastelands?”
Juna nodded and added, “I know that it is right for you to have such curiosity, but I might as well ask you the same question, if that is well enough. You seem to be from the far north, as your accent seems to say and that man with the red-hair and strong muscles, he seems to be a soldier or a knight of some sort. 
“That man there, he seems quite fair to behold, a strange sight in a harsh land as this. He must be some artist or singer, for he does not look like a warrior. The lady, lying on the horse? She is so tan and dark haired, possibly not from Arria, but somewhere else…possibly from the Za Desert or from the islands around Salarria? That horse without a rider save a bird, that mystifies me the most. Was there ever a rider?” 
Jobe scowled at the man and told him, “Odd I find that a man can be so observant when he has only just met us. It’s almost like you know us well, almost too well. Thus, you give me the greater cause to ask of your name and how you came to be here?” 
Juna sighed and told him, “Must you be so persistent? Very well, I am Captain Juna and I am the leader of this border patrol known as the King’s Servant and a special expedition is the reason for us coming to the south.” 
Monika whispered, “Expedition? For what purpose, to meet what ends?” 
Juna laughed softly, for he found this a very funny little game to play on them now. However, this game had gone too far. 
He just didn’t know how he could tell them the truth here and now, but there soon appeared a way to explain everything that he hadn’t expected. All of a sudden, they heard more hooves and the group, along with Juna, turned to see a pony race out of the mists. 
A small voice shouted, “Captain Juna, you shouldn’t have to go scouting, anything could have happened to you!” 
Monika almost fell off onto her face, Fato squawked, and Basha cried, “Gnat! Gnat, what are you doing here?!” 
There came a pause and they heard Gnat cry, “Basha! We found you!” The small figure jumped off the horse and raced towards the smiling Basha, and they both hugged right there, in the middle of the Wastelands. 
Pacaben laughed and bellowed, “Captain Juna! You knew Gnat? Sir, so that’s how you knew us!” 
Juna laughed and said, “Hello Sir Pacaben, hello Kai Monika, hello Fato the royal messenger bird and hello Jobe the bard!” 
Basha laughed and exclaimed, “Gnat, oh you’ve grown! Say, what are you doing here, so far from Eela and Fobata?” 
Gnat laughed and hollered, “Basha, it was amazing! We left him, we left old Fatbata, all of us servants! We marched all the way to Kiki, led by our leader, Juna!” 
Juna softly laughed and Gnat continued, “When we got there, guess what? Almost all of us enlisted to serve our new ‘master’, King Sonnagh and it was so many people that he made a regiment, the King’s Servants and I’m Private Gnat, drummer boy!” 
At this, Gnat quickly gave a salute, revealing his red uniform and the special thread sewed in saying, Drummer Boy. For a moment, Basha remembered his vision of an older Gnat fighting off a Trolla, thinking of it as nothing more than a game, but that thought did soon pass. 
Finally, Juna said, “Come, my friends, breakfast is certainly waiting for us back at camp, far from this terrible ground. Shall we go?” 
They got all got onto their horses and turned their backs on the old battlefield, as Basha turned to Gnat as he said, “Wow, it’s amazing you came all this way to find me, but why? There is a lot of danger in the Wastelands, as I am certain you learned last night when you witnessed the battle. Surely there was something more important to do back at Kiki, where you would be safe.” 
Gnat laughed and answered, “Nothing is more important than this.” 
Basha was mystified, but Gnat would say no more. Awhile later, they reached the camp that the force had made in the absence of their captain and nodded at Juna and his company as they passed on. 
Gnat scanned the crowd, but tried not to give away he was looking for someone. At last, Gnat halted and out of sight of the group, he motioned toward Captain Juna, who nodded as he glanced off to one side.
Suddenly, Juna smiled and said, “Stop here, everyone. Basha, would you like a private tour of the camp from Gnat?” Basha shrugged, but he followed Gnat as the young drummer boy led him through the crowd of soldiers, tents, and campfires. 
Finally, Gnat paused and whispered, “Basha, cover your eyes for a moment.” 
Basha chuckled and inquired, “Is this a new hide and seek game you made up? Okay, I’ll do it.” 
Basha closed his eyes and Gnat checked to see they were closed before he carefully led Basha forward a few steps. Another person, walking along, passed around the corner of a tent and halted at the sight of Gnat and Basha, gazing upon them in surprise. 
At last, Gnat giggled and shouted, “Basha, open your eyes for a big surprise!” 
Basha sighed as he opened them and gasped, not daring to believe what he saw. There he was standing amidst a crowd, yet Basha could have picked him out anywhere. The short black hair was nicely cut and clean, while the brown eyes stared back at him in astonishment. 
Basha noticed that he walked with a small cane, but he ignored it, for here was Oaka! They slowly walked forward, not daring to believe that it was true after all of the days they had been apart, yet it was true. 
Then they both laughed and raced forward, hugging each as they muttered softly, saying so much that will remain a mystery here. It was, after all, a private conversation between brothers. 
Basha chortled as they pulled apart and he cried, “You old stubborn mule, you made it! Oh, we thought you were gone, all gone forever!” 
Oaka laughed and exclaimed, “Gone? Why would I ever leave, if I couldn’t take my headstrong goat with me! Ah, you’re not a goat, you’re my brother!” 
They both giggled and they heard, “Oaka? Oaka, I’ll be a monkey’s uncle, it’s my favorite monkey!” 
Fato flew in and landed on Oaka’s shoulder as Oaka muttered, “Fato, you flying rat, it’s you!” 
They both fell to wrestling on the ground, snickering and yelling threats at each other just like the good old days. Still, even Basha could tell that Fato was treating Oaka gently, so as not to hurt him any more than he was already hurt.
Jobe and Pacaben came running up, laughing as they hugged Oaka and Monika even managed to come up and say, “Oaka, you loveable jester,” and hugged him hard. The men that were walking around them paused to watch this tearful reunion as Gnat and Juna came up towards them. 
Basha laughed and said, “Oh, thank you guys for bringing him here. How did you find him, was he hurt badly?” 
At this, Gnat, Oaka, and Juna started to tell their story from leaving Coe Kiki to coming all the way here into the Wastelands. The companions were happy that Lanma was well and cheered when they heard of the fall of Wilama. 
Oaka said, “The dragon, Sheba, wasn’t really hungry, but she was a little lonely. She even told me that I would entertain her for at least a month, but when she felt hungry, she said she would’ve eaten me. However, she promised to bury my remains.” 
Monika laughed a little at this and commented, “You know, some people say that you will live for all eternity the way you were when you died.” 
Oaka thought for a little, and tittered at this before saying, “If she had eaten me, I would have spent all eternity as a pile of dragon dung!” The group laughed at this as the rest of the story was told. 
Once, Gnat turned to Basha and asked, “Is it true? Are you really the son of a knight?” 
Basha thoughtfully touched his mother’s locket and answered, “I suppose I am. I guess I could become a knight myself…maybe I am already one.” Finally, Gnat and Oaka’s tale was done and they turned their attention to the friends. 
Oaka looked at Basha and asked, “So, how did you get all the way here? As I recall, you had said you were going to travel up the coast and you’re all sort of, I’m sad to say…a bit dusty.” 
Basha turned to the others and realized that ‘dusty’ was putting this into small terms. Pacaben and Jobe both had tons of dust on them from the Pits and had some bloody spots from all of the fighting. 
Basha realized he looked a little like them, although he had welts on his back, from a whip, which they certainly didn’t have. Monika was possibly in the worst condition, for although she was a little dirty and had no visible wounds, her eyes had a haunted look and she could hardly stand for too long. Fato was the only that seemed in a good condition, although he still had some ruffled feathers if you looked hard enough.
Finally, Jobe slowly said, “Well, I guess we would look a little dusty after everything that’s happened. It’s a little unpleasant, but it all started…” Slowly, the group told their tale in turn and tried not to make it too depressing, but by the end, even Oaka was trying not to gawk at them. 
Juna sighed and murmured, “So much sadness. Well, hopefully you’ll stay with us for awhile, for I’m certain we can cheer all of you up a little. In a little while, we’ll send someone to find the rest of the creatures.” 
With that, Monika, Basha, Jobe, Fato, and Pacaben settled down to eat some breakfast and talk with the other men in the regiment. Awhile later, some men were sent off and came back with the former slaves of the Pits, who marveled at how many humans there were. 
Prick and the other gnomes started badgering some startled soldiers, quite amazed at the little people’s impudence. A counsel was set up between Jumha, Juna, Pacaben, Basha, and some other elderly animals to decide what was to be done. 
Jumha stood up and said, “I suggest that we leave the Wastelands as soon as possible, to protect the creatures that place their lives in my care.” 
Juna stood up and explained, “Sir, even if you were to leave, I’m certain Doomba would send his servants after you and the others. We will protect all of you as well as possible.” 
Basha stood up and told them, “If you were to stay with my friends and myself, I don’t know if you would be safer with us than by going off on your own. Perhaps it would be best if you all left and we would distract any that would try to chase any of you.” 
Jumha thought for a moment and shook his head, as he said, “No, I couldn’t ask that of you or the others. Perhaps we should stay with all of you, for it would be much safer in a large group.” 
Pacaben nodded and said, “I suppose that this discussion is settled, now the next question is where we are all going. I suggest that we keep heading for Pidaria, by heading back to the coast. Any other suggestions?” 
Jumha thoughtfully tapped a hoof on The Book of the Knights as he said, “If this book and everything that has happened is a sign of great things, I suggest we keep going, possibly until we reach…Mt. Doomba.”
Juna shook his head and exclaimed, “Even if what that Prophecy said was true, we would be no match against Doomba! I only have 500 soldiers and even if you offered your help, we all would be no match to his army!” 
Jumha replied, “For all of the years of my life, I have known nothing, but this life I was born to. No one ever dared to do what we just did with such a large number of us prisoners, but we did it, with quite a large amount of success! 
“I am not so smug to believe that we could have done this without some help and if what I think is true, thus it is what I believe. Look eastward my friends, for the fire of Mt. Doomba roars and thunders, to try to fight back the oncoming flood of opposition! 
“I know that there will be a price for all of us, a heavy one in fact, but we must fight on! Starting today and in the days to come, we will fulfill this Prophecy and end Doomba’s long reign of terror!” 
Everyone applauded the valiant speech and finally, Juna agreed to go onward to Mt. Doomba. With that done, the group separated from the others as they headed to their horses, preparing to unload their supplies. Oaka tittered when Joko licked him and as he saw Basha unsheathing the Black Sword and Monika the Blue Sword, Oaka quickly hurried back to the wagon to grab the Red Sword. 
Monika smiled and said, “My, the Red Sword doesn’t even appear to have a scratch on it, even after everything it has been through with you, Oaka! I hope you will at least practice with it…you will probably need it now, much more than back at last night’s fight.” 
Oaka nodded and murmured, “I suppose…after all, if the Swords of Arria are any proof at all, then I must be a Knight of Arria and whatever is ahead, I’m going to have to use it to the best of my strength.” 
The others nodded as Basha slowly turned towards the west and realized that for the first time, he had just noticed the tall peak of the forbidden mountain. Even from here, he could see the tall flames leap into the sky and dance around like shooting stars. Basha shivered softly as he realized that there, he would learn the truth, the truth of who he truly was.

On that same day, Shama ordered the men to line up and he went down the rows, checking them all. When the men had found the bodies of the two henchmen that morning, Goga and Shama had said nothing about them and ordered several soldiers to bury them with no questions asked. 
Both leaders knew that the henchman that they didn’t know had been sent by the other leader, but if any questions were asked, they would have to answer the questions concerning their own henchmen, putting them in an awkward position. Thus, they had set down to work on their attack and said nothing more about the attempted assassinations. 
Now, Shama nodded to Goga, who went off with his own group of men. Shama yelled out the customary cry to the enemy and King Sonnagh and his men came out to fight once again. Papia laughed and roared, charging down the field with a fury matched by most of the men, but some of the older and wiser men lingered behind with their thoughts about the curiosity in this battle.
Womba turned to Fobata and asked, “Fobata, who is that man? How come your brother wasn’t the one to call for battle?” 
Fobata looked around and said, “I don’t know, maybe he’s ill, or maybe he’s up to something fishy. Keep a close eye on the battlefield, that’s my best suggestion on handling my brother.” 
Marlo walked by and said, “Seems to me that you don’t know your brother very well, if you think he’ll be around there!” 
Fobata glanced at Marlo and sighed helplessly, knowing that his servant spoke the truth, yet he couldn’t even begin to guess where Goga would be if he wasn’t down below in the battlefield. Thus, the lord and the prince scanned the battlefield in search of some assassin or an ambush, yet even they couldn’t see Goga sneaking up behind them. 
He had gone in a wide circle and was coming to the back of the castle, right beside the city walls, as he looked up and smiled. All of the guards were off to battle, and the only men and women that remained in Kiki were mainly doctors, so thus they were resigned to their infirmary. 
There were a few noblemen about, though they were useless in battle, men like Lord K as he wrote a letter and Peri as at the moment, he was occupied with his own private business. Ompa sat in his room, reading a book and sighing softly as he glanced out of his window where he could hear, but couldn’t see the battle, as he wondered for a moment if his cousin Papia was taking care of himself. 
Then, Ompa shook his head and growled at his worry, seeing as how he had sworn never to speak with this rude man ever again. The enemy sneaked up to the back gate and smiled when they saw it was made of wood, for even the fireworks wouldn’t have destroyed the rock that the front gate had been made from. 
The back gate entering the castle grounds was made of stout timbers, yes, worthy to stand up to most attacks, but not fireworks. They made sure that there were some boulders or rocks nearby that they could hide behind while the lit fuse traveled toward the stockpile of fireworks.
Thus, they set the fireworks carefully into place, aimed straight for the gate, and set up the fuse. Finally, most of the soldiers were behind the rocks and Goga leaned forward to light the fuse, before jumping behind the rocks. 
Suddenly, there was a large explosion that rocked the foundations of Kiki and caused some nearby buildings to collapse. Peri opened his eyes and looked around, shocked to see that the walls of the privy he had been sitting in had fallen down. He blushed and quickly got up to run off, making sure to button his pants on first. 
Down in the kitchens, Marlo gasped and managed to catch several plates that flew into the air during the jolts. Sonnagh’s men turned back in shock to look at Kiki. Shama’s men took this chance to catch many of them right then and there, although Sonnagh, Womba, and Fobata came out unharmed. 
Goga and his company raised their swords and stormed past the ruins of the back gate, as Sonnagh and his men rushed through the main gate and across the streets of Coe Kiki, past the empty storefronts to reach the front of the castle. They met in the middle of the courtyard and Sonnagh’s men were helpless, being attacked on both sides by Shama and Goga’s forces. 
King Sonnagh quickly took in the scene and led his men into a door leading into the main fortress of Kiki, with Prince Womba and Lord Fobata among them. Goga realized that it would be difficult to force his men past the rock hard door of the palace, which had been made of the same rock of the main gate. 
However, he ordered a volley of arrows sent to follow the soldiers. The arrows managed to catch several of Sonnagh’s men and suddenly, the arrow from Goga’s own bow found its target in King Sonnagh’s arm. 
The king almost collapsed, but Womba and Fobata quickly caught him and led him into the fortress of Kiki, with Papia among the last men to enter the castle as he fended off the enemy, just before the door was barred. So thus, all of these events began the final siege of Coe Kiki.
Darkness came once more to the Wastelands as night came, but no stars or moon could be seen high above. The camp of the King’s Servants was silent, as all man and beast rested for the long march to come at morning’s rising. 
It was a few moments after midnight, meaning that this was now the 15th day of Juli and the 144th day of the Great Quest. However, all was not well, as it might appear to the casual observer. High above and covered in the cloak of darkness, a gruelmoff surveyed the camp using his bright eyes and an extra sensitive nose, given especially to him by Doomba. 
Finally, he noticed the scent that he had been told to find, the smell of the desert sands and sweet nectar. Thus, he circled a little lower, towards a small tent near the edge of camp. Inside the tent, Monika whimpered softly and rolled over in her blankets. Basha was unaware of her moaning, for he was in the next tent, sleeping with Oaka and Jobe. 
The gruelmoff looked around and saw several Black Wolves circle the guards silently, the wolves waiting to catch them without having them scream. The gruelmoff slowly circled down and landed close to the small tent. He was a big gruelmoff, made to carry heavy loads and carrying a human girl would be simple enough for him. Monika moaned as the shadow of the gruelmoff came closer, yet she could not scream. 
Nearby, Fato yawned slowly and looked up at the sky, but saw nothing from his perch on top of a tent. He glanced over the sea of tent tops and noticed that something was moving. He was curious and quietly flew over, with silent wings that barely whispered. Fato landed in the shadows and silently growled as he saw the gruelmoff approach Monika’s tent. 
He screeched and flew up to plummet down upon the gruelmoff in a furry of feathers, scratching and biting hard. The commotion roused everyone in camp and with Gnat carrying a torch, Basha, Oaka, Pacaben, Jobe, and Juna came over. When they saw what was going on, Pacaben, Jobe, and Juna set to work trying to separate Fato so they could deal with the gruelmoff. 
Oaka and Basha went to make sure Monika was okay, and Gnat watched the scene in amazement, still holding up the torch. Finally, Jobe grabbed the dazed Fato as Juna and Pacaben quickly took care of the gruelmoff with their swords. Suddenly, a howl came through the night and they looked up as a guard came by, gasping hard as he nearly fell on his knees in front of them.
The guard yelled, “Is everyone okay? I almost fell asleep, but when I heard everything I was wide-awake! You won’t believe this, but some wolf was trying to sneak up on me. I think he was going to eat me!” 
Juna looked around and said, “Obviously, this was some night raid or attack. We better leave now, they must know our position.” 
Just then, Basha and Oaka came out dragging Monika and Oaka shouted, “What about Monika? She’s in no condition to travel!” The group turned to her and saw that indeed this was true, for it seemed as if she was delirious, whimpering and flailing in her friends’ grasps.
Pacaben looked up to see if there was any more gruelmoffs and said, “Blast this darkness! We have to get her out of here, that gruelmoff was too close to her tent! Try to find some ropes to tie her onto Deja and ride right beside her to make sure she doesn’t fall. Jobe, is Fato well enough?” 
Jobe looked up and said, “Well, the poor guy’s well enough, considering what he’s gone through. He’ll be flying above us in no time.” 
Soon, the alarm was sounded and the camp came alive with soldiers racing about, horses being saddled, and belongings being packed. Oaka quickly put on some mail given to him as a gift from the soldiers a little earlier and handed several similar pieces of chain mail to Basha and Jobe, which was light enough to wear under their clothes. 
The doctor took a quick look at Monika before getting on his wagon and he told the companions, “There appears nothing wrong physically, but there is something wrong that I just can’t see, maybe mentally. I fear I can be of no help.” 
Soon, Basha was saddling Talan as he said to Oaka, “I don’t know what’s going to happen to her. What do you think?” 
Oaka sighed and answered, “I don’t know, but whatever is wrong with her, if someone else had it, she might have used magic or so. But, since she’s the one with it, I don’t know what anyone else could do.” 
Basha sighed and said, “You’re right, I suppose. Magic, what magic do we have? Nothing really, unless you count the Swords and they can only fight.” 
Suddenly, Basha slowly paused to think of this and the voice of the Master came to him and he heard: ‘…it is mainly believed that they have different powers, such as magic or healing…’ Suddenly, Basha slowly smiled a little and he nodded at Oaka, who stared at him. They got onto their horses and rode off besides Deja and the unconscious Monika, while Basha searched his pack for ‘The Book of the Knights’ to check.
Several hours later and hundreds of miles away, Womba looked up towards the sky from the small slit of a window in the fortress of Coe Kiki. He whispered, “Isn’t the dawn supposed to come soon? Where is the dawn?” 
Fobata came by with a candle and whispered, “I once had a professor of astronomy that said, every so often, the moon and the sun would align in such a way that the moon would block the sun. Perhaps this is one of those days.” 
Womba shook his head slowly and whispered, “No, it can’t be that. I don’t think it’s that time yet. How is my father, will he be well?” 
Fobata murmur, “He is still hurt, but he will certainly live, for now. Say, why are we whispering like this?” Womba shrugged and Fobata turned away. Meanwhile, the thieves and Goga’s men rushed about the town of Kiki, ravaging and gorging, in search of their spoils of war. 
Shama and Goga looked up at the tall fortress as Goga said, “I bet the best stuff is in there, all of the gold, silver, and armor we could ever need. You know, they even say there’s some Swords of Arria somewhere in there, buried deep inside a treasure vault.” 
Shama laughed and said, “Goga, the Swords? You know I bet that whole thing was some lie! And I mean everything, the Knights…the Cup…who knows if any of that is the truth?” 
Goga laughed and said, “Yes, yes! None of it is true, nothing is true! Everything we have ever learned is lies! There is no evil or good, there is nothing! Ha, ha, ha…yeah, that explains everything. We are alone in the universe. There is nothing but the sky and us! Do we even exist? What are we, to be able to think and speak? Yes, there is no Doomba, there is no Pidaria and there is no Tau!” 
Goga laughed at the dark sky and Shama turned to run off, before lightening came down to destroy Goga for such blasphemy. In the shadows, Lord K watched the laughing Goga in disgust, yet now he knew that Goga could never be trusted as a true Follower of Doomba. He smiled as a plan formed and he slowly nodded. 
He walked from the shadows as he whispered, “Goga! You remember me, don’t you?” 
Goga stopped his laughing and frowned at Lord K as he said, “What are you doing here? I could cut your throat now if I wanted, but I feel generous today. Shouldn’t you be hiding with the king and those ‘nobles’, like fat Fobata?” 
Lord K looked down at Goga and said, “General Goga, you have not won yet. The only victory you can receive is when the king is dead and that might not happen if you can’t get in there. However, there is a way.” 
Goga nodded and listened as Lord K whispered to him and gestured to what appeared to be a shed on top of the walls of Kiki. Goga then thanked Lord K for his advice and set off, planning the final attack. Lord K smiled and silently turned around as he headed for a secret door into the fortress to put the next part of his plan into action. 
He bumped into Peri in a hallway near his hidden door. The man looked at Lord K and asked, “Father, what are you doing here? It’s close to the doors leading outside and I wouldn’t want you to get hurt if those bandits ever manage to get into the castle. Come on, let’s go visit Plin and the baby inside of her, it’s starting to kick! It’ll be tons of fun!” 
Lord K muttered to himself, imagining the so-called ‘fun’ he would have. However, he said nothing to his son about what he had been doing, for the young man must never know about the plots. He should have tried to talk to Peri when he was younger about Doomba, but he had been weak even then, despite being Lord K’s only son.
 
Chapter 18: Healing
Arria and all of the lands of Salarria were plunged into darkness on that day, a day that would be known forever as ‘the Black Day of Juli’. Far to the north, the priests worriedly gathered around the Oracle of Mila in her dark cave. 
One priest whispered, “She has gone into a fit, I fear she is going crazy! She yells, and screams, and tries again and again to free herself from the silver chain! If she doesn’t stop doing this, she’ll kill herself with all of this worry!”
Another muttered, “The darkness covers everything, the Oracle suffers, and there are rumors about an attack on Coe Kiki! My friends, this is the end of Arria, the end of life as we know it!” 
Another yelled, “Quiet, you’re always saying that! Anyway, why is she muttering so much about the Đąǽora’l, doesn’t that mean lion of light?” 
Another answered, “Yes, but who knows what it really means? A moment ago, she was muttering something about the king and something else about someone named…Gola? Goma?” 
The first one yelled, “What about the customers…uh, I mean, the followers of the Oracle. How can she see anyone like this?” As the priests argued about what to do with their Oracle, other people in Coe Baba were worrying more about the darkness all around them than about troubles aboard.
In the common room of The Smiling Stallion, Geda looked out of his window and murmured, “Blast it, when’s the day going to come? Where is the sun?” 
Habala shook her head and told him, “Oh, who knows what’s going up there in all of those stars and such? Come on over and eat something, you seem tired a lot. You’re getting old, after all.” 
Geda sighed, nodding slowly as he whispered, “I know what you mean. Those old pains creep up on me and I can hardly think of much to cure them. Oh well, it’s nothing I can do now. Hand me that plate of biscuits, I am hungry!”
Out in the streets as dark as night, the Old Man walked down the dirt lane as he muttered, “Such a dark day, all around. No light will come, unless we destroy the dark, yes, that we must do.” In a garden behind her house, Jawen and Hastin tried to kiss, but there was so much darkness that their mouths missed each and they kissed their ears. 
Hastin swore softly at this as Jawen looked up and said, “Oh, I hate all of this darkness today! This was supposed to be the day we took a picnic and now it’s ruined!” 
Hastin smiled as he laughed and managed to find her cheek to kiss her. Jawen smiled and suddenly, there was a cry from a nearby house down the road. 
Jawen groaned as she whispered, “I suppose that has to be Sisila. I don’t know how she can shout like that, her lungs must be quite strong for us to hear! I better go see to her, to see if all is well with her.” 
Hastin frowned and said, “Sisila, she is a troubled soul, Jawen. Perhaps we should leave her alone to fend for herself, then she may learn to cope with her problems.” 
Jawen shrugged, but she got up and went around the house to the front, then headed down the street towards Sisila’s home as she opened the door. Not a candle was lit, despite the darkness, and all of the windows were open, which is how Jawen must have heard Sisila’s cry. Jawen slowly walked in, and soon spotted Sisila sitting in her rocking chair, deep in the shadows. 
Jawen slowly walked up to her so as not to startle her, and she smiled as she whispered, “Hello, Sisila, how are you? Were you shouting or yelling?” 
Sisila nodded, with bright eyes, as she whispered, “Yes, but not in fear, Jawen. There is no fear with me now, for I know that it is here, the time is now!” Jawen slowly nodded, with her smile frozen on her face, thinking that it was best to humor her. 
Jawen asked, “What is the time then, how do you know this?
Sisila slowly smiled as she said, “The darkness is talking to me, Jawen, I hear it even now! The darkness is trying to fight, trying to win, but it can’t! Oaka and Basha will take care of the darkness. They’ll make it all go away. The darkness will go away from this land, for a while at least. They will do it soon, as soon as she’s well.” 
Jawen stared at Sisila as she heard these strange words that made no sense. Sisila just sat there in her rocking chair, sitting so still that it seemed as if she wasn’t breathing…but as Sisila sat there, she heard the words that she had just said to Jawen. 
Jawen stepped away from Sisila slowly, as Sisila whispered, “You think I’m crazy, don’t you, Jawen?” Jawen slowly nodded and turned to leave, as Sisila just sat there, motionless.

The King’s Servants rode on for several hours, with the former slaves pacing them close behind. Yet the darkness rolled onward and Juna looked around as he whispered, “Where is the daylight? Gnat, isn’t it supposed to be day by now?” 
Gnat looked around and said, “I can’t really tell, but it sounds about right. Captain Juna, should we stop soon, perhaps to eat and rest?” 
Juna looked behind him and said, “I suppose, but not too long, just in case a patrol of Doomba’s creatures are following us. Alright, men, halt and relax!” With that, the company all stopped and settled down to eat and talk. Oaka set Monika down and wrapped her up, because she was shivering. 
He looked up and finally saw Basha reading, so he rushed over and said, “Basha, what are you doing?” 
Basha stopped reading and answered, “I was thinking about what you suggested, Oaka, and I think I can do it.” 
Oaka asked, “Basha, what do you mean?” 
In reply, Basha gave Oaka ‘The Book of the Knights as Basha went to grab the Blue Sword. Oaka paused and as Basha went ahead, he read, “‘Think of the illness as an intruder, a diseased thread that has wrapped itself into the web of the patient. To get rid of disease, you must cut the diseased threads and…’ Basha, wait! There’s a warning, down there. You have to be careful! I understand, thread, web, and cut the bad threads…I guess, it must be some technique to help you concentrate, but how does it work?”
Basha sat by Monika and replied, “I don’t really know…it’s magic, but from the way that ‘The Book of the Knights’ has described it, I guess that it might be almost simple to cure somebody with the Blue Sword! As for getting into the body, it’s like that meditation Monika used to do as she looked into the fire. Now, try to wake me when Monika starts to look better.” 
Oaka yelled, “Try to wake you! Basha, wait!” Yet, it appeared he had already left, for although Basha sat there holding the Blue Sword, his eyes stared at the fire and didn’t see it. He was in another place.
Oaka sighed as the group came by and Fato asked, “Hey, what’s wrong with Basha? Hey, Basha, get up!” Basha said nothing and Oaka handed over the old book for Pacaben to read. 
He mumbled over a few words and groaned as he said, “Great, Basha’s messing with magic…he’s messing with something he knows nothing about and he’s going to kill himself!” 
Jobe grabbed the book and said, “You know, this seems easy enough to understand. Why do you think it’s dangerous?” 
Pacaben pointed to the petrified Basha and said, “Well, Monika said…” 
Fato laughed and pointed at the feverish Monika lying next to the motionless Basha and said, “Well, she’s not here right now, is she?” At that, Pacaben was stumped and the group settled down to keep an eye out.
Time passed by and Pacaben looked over at Monika and said, “She looks a little better. Think we should wake him?” It had only been about thirty minutes and the company about them was slowly finishing breakfast and were about to leave in awhile. 
Oaka shook his head and said, after he finished a piece of bread, “No, he may not be done in there. If we wake him now, he’ll be angry with all of us, I bet. Best thing is to leave him alone for now, because these things take time.” 
Juna walked by and said, “Guys ready? We’ll be leaving soon.” 
Jobe replied, “We’re almost done eating, but Basha’s kind of busy.” 
Gnat looked at Basha and asked, “What’s wrong with him? Is he getting sick?” 
Oaka answered, “He’s trying to cure Monika, I think he’s using magic.” 
Pacaben sighed and said, “You could have stopped him, but no. Now, he’s messing with something he knows nothing about!” 
Juna sighed and said, “I’ll try to stall, but the sooner he’s out of this, the better. Do you think it’s possible to move him when he’s like this? No? Well, it’s just a suggestion.” 
Captain Juna and Gnat left as Fato groaned and said, “He’s never going to wake up! Oh, where are they? Why don’t they WAKE UP!” Suddenly, Monika sat up and Basha fell down. Fato stared at them and said, “Well, I guess my voice does have powers. Too bad it only reverses things.” 
Monika looked at all of them and said, “Oh my goodness, I had the weirdest dream. I…” Suddenly, she saw Basha and leaned down and tried to wake him up. 
The others flocked around Basha as Pacaben yelled, “I told you, Basha shouldn’t have been messing with magic, now he’s gone and killed himself!” 
Oaka protested back, “Ah, he just fainted, I’m telling you! Someone get the doctor!” Finally, the King’s Servants left a little while later, with Monika and Oaka riding beside Basha, who was tied onto Talan.
 
Around the late afternoon, although it was still dark, King Sonnagh awakened and called out for his son. Prince Womba rushed forward and stood by his father’s sickbed as Sonnagh painfully sighed. 
He slowly whispered, “My son, he waits outside, Goga and his men? Yes, they have forced us back into the fortress, while they swarm around all about fair Kiki. Oh, I can’t wait to get my hands on him, that I tell you! Well, the doctor says I shouldn’t excite myself, so I suppose the battle will be yours for now. First off, what’s your plan?” 
Womba was stricken dumb and said, “Father, I fear I was worried for you and I was waiting for you to get up.” 
Sonnagh moaned and said, “My son, always with the excuses! Well, what about it? Are you planning an ambush, raids, or maybe a cavalry charge? My dear boy, you will be a king and thus, you must be master of the battlefield! So, what are you going to do? Use your brain, which is what Goga’s been doing, so you must do likewise!” 
Womba thought for a moment and looked about as he said, “I may have an idea somewhere, yes. It’s in the first stages, but I’ve got it.” Sonnagh laughed and fell back to sleep as Prince Womba left. 
Prince Womba leaned against the wall outside as he sighed and said, “What am I going to do? I don’t even know where to begin!” Suddenly, someone stirred and Womba raised his eyes as he looked at Lord K come forward. 
Lord K smiled as he said, “My prince, I fear I overheard your predicament, but don’t fear, no one will know. However, I feel that I may have a plan and it doesn’t matter, one way or another, if you claim credit.” 
Prince Womba looked around and said, “Sir, I have considered your proposition and for what you give me, I will give you a position of advisor for my father.” 
Lord K softly smiled as he realized that this could be more than he could have ever hoped for. Advisor for King Sonnagh, maybe even Womba when he became king? Yes, power could be his…yet Sonnagh would be too wise and wouldn’t take too much of his advice to heart if he knew the consequences. All the more reason why soon, Womba must take the throne. So, as Lord K described his plan, he imagined the end of Sonnagh.
 
As evening came, the darkness went on as always, ever since the start of the day, when the dawn should have risen. Yet there was a light in the sky and it was no distant star. The fire of Mt. Doomba leapt into the sky as the smoke curled upward, disappearing into a strange cloud. 
The roar that echoed into the distance reverberated the black, stony ground all around. This was what it was like when the company known as the King’s Servants paused beneath the mountain and the former slaves, who looked up at the sight in awe, soon joined them. 
Oaka gave Monika a cup and said, “Jobe’s secret elixir, which he wishes to call ‘jove’.” 
Monika took a sip and gasped a little, before she giggled and said, “Basha, try Jobe’s jove, it really wakes you up!” 
Basha gingerly took a sip and paused before gasping and saying, “Yeah, it’s great! Tell Jobe he should sell it!” Oaka laughed and walked off, as Monika and Basha each took a sip of the drink. Monika sighed and pulled the blanket that she and Basha were sharing closer towards her. 
She whispered, “So, have you giving any more thought to what’s probably going to happen?” 
Basha sighed and answered, “I guess, a little. I read a lot more in the Book today, got some interesting ideas. Still, Juna said that we’re still not enough, not enough to make any challenge yet. Besides that, everything’s going to be a complete surprise. What about you?” 
Monika looked at Mt. Doomba and replied, “I’m not sure what to think, but here’s one thing. I asked Oaka to touch the Swords, since he was absent when we did the test and he can touch the Red sword. I figure that since you are who you are, you could control all of them. However, in battle, there needs to be only three people with the Swords. I’ll probably have the Blue, Oaka has the Red, and you have…” 
Basha nodded and asked, “Do you have any idea what it will be like? Will it just be like any ordinary sword, or will it take me somewhere, such as earlier.” 
Monika pointed to the Book and said, “You had wanted to be there, but on the battlefield, it’ll just be a sword, except…different, somehow, it didn’t go into detail. It mentioned it being…’alive’.” 
Basha groaned and shook the blanket off as he stood to say, “Alive? How can I control something if it’s alive? Would it think about what I wanted it to do? Would it try to do something that I don’t want to do? Oh, I don’t want to do this!” 
He marched off and Monika was about to protest, when hooves made them both turn and race off towards them. Captain Juna was talking to a shivering scout that had just gotten off his horse as the group came up. 
Fato squawked and asked, “What’s the deal, has he seen something?” 
The scout nodded and replied, “I seen a lot of things, but none like this, nothing like it at all, it even rivals those animals!” 
Everyone was quite amazed at this statement and thus, they followed the scout towards the edge of the camp, where the animals were lying down. However, most couldn’t sleep and were gathered about and watching the procession as the group came by.  
Jumha nodded at Basha and Monika as he said, “There you all are. What think you of this, possibly the help we need?” They nodded as they stared at the march of stone, great figures indeed. 
Pacaben smiled and taped the shoulder of one statue as he said, “Excuse me, are you Kilu the Huntress? The one who killed the Womalip Monster?” 
The statue answered, “I am not really Kilu, but I have been made to be like her, so thus I shall try to live up to her.” 
Gnat looked around and whispered, “There’re all statues, statues of the greatest people that have ever lived! There are kings, sorcerers, warriors and so much more!  Oh, how did they get here?” 
The scout answered, “Well, over there, several men found in the midst of all of these walking statues, two fellows on stone horses. Odd pair I must say, but you better come look at them to see what I mean.” They walked along and after passing a rock, they found several guards gathered about a quivering Private Aman and a firm Major Lupo. 
Jumha walked up to Aman and said, “Good day, my boy. What are you doing here?” 
Aman gasped at the sight of a unicorn and said, “Oh my goodness, a unicorn! Where am I? Wait; don’t tell me, I…don’t know. I’m here and that’s over there…this is crazy! You’re not real, you’re a tale, I’m feverish, that’s right, I’m back home, in my bed, and you know what? I’m going back to sleep!” With that said, the distressed and confused Aman fainted and was soon snoring. 
Major Lupo kicked Aman and said, “Ah, don’t mind the chap, probably shouldn’t have brought him with me. That boy’s Private Aman, my great-nephew, and I’m Major Lupo of Old Fort Ca.” 
Sir Pacaben laughed and said, “I’ve heard of you! You’re Loony…” Monika punched him and he looked at her indignantly, but headed off. 
Monika then asked, “Lupo, sounds like a nice name. You are an old veteran of some of the great wars, are you not?” 
Lupo smiled as he answered, “Oh yes, years spent in the mountains of Pinal, chasing some of the worst bandits Arria ever saw! Yes sir, when Urgo attacked us in the War of Coe Sanma in Urgo, I was at the front lines, helped captured the town with roughly three hundreds men! 
“Together, we kept it for about a year, before young King Sonnagh asked us to let it go, since that was his first act as peacemaker as I recall. I even went up to the Za…oh, pardon, you are…uh, quite refined, yes, my young lady.”
 Monika raised her hand and told him, “Old wars can easily be forgiven, Major Lupo. And that’s all in the past, quite before my time. Anyway, why are you here?” 
Lupo nodded and answered, “I offer my services to you for what is surely is to come.” 
Juna nodded slowly and asked, “How did you know we were here and needed help?” Lupo laughed and handed Jobe his sword and a book, before grabbing Aman and dragging him off. 
Jobe yelped and dropped the sword as he cried, “Ouch! Oh, I’ve got a blister…must be another Sword of Arria!” 
Basha quickly leaned down and picked up the Sword, as he murmured, "It has a stone hilt…must be able to control these stone statues. What about the book?” Monika grabbed the book from Jobe and the bard stood there, slightly shocked that everything had been taken away from him.
Monika read it and nodded as she said, “‘The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer’, I thought as much. Guess what she wrote about?” 
Basha shrugged and Jobe instantly grabbed the book, a way of revenge against Monika, as he answered, “She wrote prophecies, I remember that at least! If I could bet, I would bet that she even wrote…” Jobe flipped through the pages and nodded, as he showed the copy of The Prophecy that was in Wintha’s book. 
Basha nodded and said, “Obviously, Lupo knows just about everything. Well, let’s tell him he’s welcome to join us.” They headed over towards the distance where Aman was slowly gaining conscious as Lupo talked vividly to his great-nephew about his old campaigns. 
Finally, he noticed them and came over as Basha said, “Welcome, Major Lupo. I’m Basha, she is Monika, here is Oaka, he is Jobe the bard, that over there is Sir Pacaben, Fato is flying up there, Jumha is the eldest unicorn, down here is Gnat and the leader of the King’s Servants right now is Captain Juna. That covers about everybody you should all know.” 
Lupo nodded and said, “Thank you for welcoming me. Captain, I bought some stuff with me from the armory, to help out with your weapon supply.” 
As Lupo and Juna walked off, Aman nervously looked around the group and said, “Wow, um…pretty strange, right? Almost like a tale, this whole thing.” 
Oaka laughed and said, “A legend, huh? Hey, I bet they’ll call you Aman the Awesome and everyone will call me Oaka the Oaf!” Monika giggled a little and as Aman looked at her, he saw her raven hair. At that moment, Private Aman found his first crush. 
Fato sighed for a moment at Aman and then turned to Mt. Doomba as he muttered, “It’s still not enough men, not enough!” Basha shook his head when he heard Fato’s strange words, as most of the group wandered away to look about. 
Pacaben paused to smile at Aman as he whispered, “You probably don’t remember me, but I was at the barracks. I guess it might be a little embarrassing, since Lupo helped you get into the army. Don’t worry, your secret’s safe with me.” 
Aman blinked and gawked at him, aghast as Pacaben went off to his tent. Gnat and Aman, however, were left behind and the two young men stared at each other. Aman still stood there, feeling a headache coming on as he tried to figure out his life and then he turned to see Gnat the drummer boy standing by, who was only 3 years younger and glaring at Aman.
Gnat frowned at Aman and said, “What was the matter with you back there, getting so confused that you fainted? You’re supposed to be a soldier, able to handle anything!” 
Aman frowned and shook his head to himself at the rudeness of this young man, as he said, “I am a soldier, and I can handle a lot of things…more than you might know about.” 
Gnat shook his head and said, “No, you’re just a coward, not like Basha! Basha’s brave, just like Monika, and no woman would ever want to love a coward that always faints!” Aman growled as he heard those words, yet even he knew that there some truth to this, but still…that insult was too much for him, now.
Aman muttered, “Can’t we please at least try to stop these insults? We’re both privates in this army or so, there must be something we have in common between us, to make us comrades!” 
Gnat laughed and said, “Comrades, us? I don’t know how we could ever be friends, much less comrades, even if you save my life!” 
With that said, Gnat turned about as Aman watched him go. Private Aman groaned and shook his head, plopping down on the ground as he waited for someone to give him an explanation about what was going on.
 
After a long day of darkness with no dawn in sight, a blood red sky rose on the 16th day of Juli and the 145th day of the Great Quest. Fobata looked up and whispered, “Red at night, sailor’s delight. Red in the morning, sailor’s warning.” 
Womba laughed as he said, “With all due respect, we are not sailors, so thus we have nothing to fear.” 
Fobata laughed and raised his head as he asked, “I wonder what the old wives would have to say that after an entire day of darkness, the dawn rises like a curtain of blood? They would tell you to be careful, that’s for sure.”
Womba replied, “Well, tell any superstitious old woman that is still in this castle to go jump out of a window! We don’t need people muttering that we’re going to die. It’ll give our men a very bad mood.” 
Fobata turned to Womba and said, “This sure is a nice plan you had, my prince. Goga would never suspect a thing!” 
Womba lowered his eyes as he said, “Fobata, I have a secret I must tell someone. This wasn’t my plan. It was a plan from a Lord…K, I think he said or something like that. I think that has to be some nickname of his, but I don’t know who he is, since there are too many lords to remember their names.” 
Fobata stiffened and darted his eyes about, but there appeared to be no one listening. Lord ‘K’ was up to something, something that wasn’t good. He knew him very well, for after all, Lord K was Fobata’s cousin. 
Womba finished stringing his bow and grabbed the last quiver of arrows, while Marlo gave Fobata his weapons as the lord was leaving. A group of archers looked up at their prince as he nodded. 
With no more word, they set off after him through the dark and winding hall of the fortress, dark because of the prince’s order, there were to be no torches. As they turned the corner, he started to climb some stairs and they stopped climbing at the third landing as the prince moved through the third story corridor. 
Finally, he stopped altogether and grabbed a key to unlock a door in front of him. It opened as the wind blew through the room, creating an eerie scene. All of the furniture was covered in white sheets and the floor was covered in dust, while the corners were filled with cobwebs. Fobata removed some shirts to reveal an old-fashioned chair and matching table as the men entered the room. 
Fobata turned to Womba to say, “This makes a lovely parlor, your Highness. How come it’s all covered up?” 
Womba looked about as he answered, “Oh, this was my mother’s favorite parlor and father ordered it to be preserved like this after my mother’s death.” 
Fobata nodded as he quickly covered over the furniture, saying no more on the matter. At last, Womba looked up and smiled as he dragged a chair over to the spot beneath the place. He stood on the chair and Fobata watched as Womba heaved the ceiling, until finally a section lifted up and was pushed aside. 
Fobata whispered, “What about this? What’s all this then?” 
Womba answered, “Mother used to have a ladder here, leading into an attic room where she went to when she wanted to hide from courtiers. It led out into a small garden, placed into a special section of the wall.” 
Fobata nodded and helped the prince up, then he heaved himself up, with the help of the soldiers behind him. Finally, all of the men were up and Womba looked out the window. 
He nodded as he said, “Just across from here is the door into the fortress we all went into and most of Goga’s men are there, probably still sleeping from the night before. Remember, this is a raid, not a full out attack. In a little while, we’ll be ready for the attack. Now, are you ready?” The men nodded and Womba led them out.
 
Basha looked out at the rising sun of blood and he whispered, “Monika, do you think they above know what is going on, here?” 
Monika looked out and answered, “Well, it is odd. I mean, yesterday was the day of blackness and today was the rising of the blood-red sun. Bad omens, do you think?” 
Oaka shrugged and replied, “Well, perhaps it’s a bad omen for Doomba or a bad omen for us, depending on how you want to look at it all. Either way, which is the best way to think when you’re in a situation like this, with little hope otherwise?” 
Pacaben answered, “You know which one that we’ll all say, so why bother asking? Where’s that crazy bird, we’re probably going to start the battle any time soon!” 
They had awakened to find his perch empty, but due to lack of men and his great need of them, Juna couldn’t sacrifice any troops to search for Fato. Major Lupo had been quite generous the night before and gave many weapons to Juna that the stone soldiers had brought all the way from Fort Ca, which helped improve the small army’s chances of surviving at least the first battle. 
Gnat came by then and said, “Isn’t it exhilarating? Boy, I hope Juna lets me go with them, because they won’t able to stand a chance without me! See you later!” Basha watched Gnat walk away in his snappy red uniform with his little drums, while carrying a bucket of water for any thirsty soldiers. 
Basha sighed and said, “I wonder how Gnat’s going to take it, when he sees the battlefield for the first time. It’ll be worse than that little fight the King’s Servants were in the other day.” 
Jobe shrugged and responded, “Who knows? He’ll probably feel bad when he sees his first…well, he will manage somehow.” 
Basha sighed and undid the pack carefully. He handed the Blue Sword and its sheath to Monika and he handed the Red Sword and sheath to Oaka. Finally, Basha slowly pulled out the Black Sword and studied it carefully for the first time, thinking now about what its duty would be today or in the days to come. 
The hilt was covered in smooth black diamonds, while the tip was a red crystal and the scabbard was painted black. Both the Red and Blue swords followed a similar design, although they didn’t have the red ruby. 
Basha grabbed the hilt and eased it a little out of the scabbard as he steadied himself into a stance, with unguarded sword upraised. Suddenly, Basha felt something pulling him and the world turned into shadows as he looked about. 
He couldn’t see anything around him, but far out into the distance, farther than any eye could see, he saw red shapes racing onward, straight towards them. A voice called and he quickly came back to the real world and realized he had been moved towards the west, when he thought he had been still. 
Everyone was looking at him, but before he could ask what had happened, a scout yelled, “They’re coming, to the west, the army of the Wasteland marches here!” The word started to spread soon afterwards among the ranks of the soldiers, as Captain Juna arranged his soldiers into long, orderly lines with riders, infantry, archers, and pike-men. 
Major Lupo nodded as he saw all of these men and he turned to the captain to remark, “You’re doing a fine job for yourself, captain, even if this is your first time.” 
Juna smiled and bowed as he said, “My thanks to a higher-ranking officer for giving me such praise. I would gladly ask some tips from you and perhaps some assistance with the soldiers, due to your experience.” 
Lupo shook his head and explained, “I’m just an old man now, son. Sure, I’ll be happy to give tips, but I don’t think I want to go through all of the trouble of leadership again. I’ll just lead my stone-statues, you know, those things don’t feel fear, hunger, anger or pain. All they need to know is where to go when battle comes. The only thing I have to worry about is Aman. I’ve told him just about everything I know on this whole deal, although he is a little skeptical. Still, he can’t deny that something important is happening now, what with all of these men, the statues, and the magical creatures.” 
Juna slowly nodded, looking around as he murmured, “I guess. Still, Gnat has told me that he thinks Aman is a coward. Is it true, will he be a hindrance during battle?” 
Lupo smiled and replied, “Just let him get used to everything, Captain Juna. He’ll do fine for himself and everyone else. Say, where has Basha, Monika, and Oaka gone?” The two men glanced about and shrugged, talking to themselves as every soldier they had marched in front of them.

Goga yawned and rubbed his eyes as he looked about him in a daze. Last night, some of his soldiers had been sleeping beside him while a pair sang a song as they toasted each other with pints. 
Hava and Shama had been arguing about something when he had drifted to sleep, but in the daylight now, they were nowhere to be seen. The soldiers from the other night had their eyes closed, yet the tips of arrows were sticking up from their chests. 
An arrow almost hit Goga’s head then and he quickly snapped to attention, while all around him, his men were in an uproar as they ran about like chickens when the fox is among them. He turned his eyes upward and spotted the cause of this horrible act upon him, for there had to be several ways to sneak out of the castle. 
Yes, there had to be secret passages that would lead them back outside and wasn’t it just his luck that he had not thought about that last night? Then again, he was still drowsy from all of the wine he had drunk, so he hadn’t been in his right mind the night before, yet now he knew. 
He quickly tried to grab a man to organize them, but sadly, Womba had seen Goga and fired at him in a rage, not noticing the soldier that soon got in front of Goga. The general quickly dropped the dead soldier and quickly set to work a plan to hide himself, which he thus executed then and there. 
However, he turned back and made the horrible mistake of seeing the damage done to all of his men, which put him into a fury. But he calmed himself, realizing that such a thing at this time could only get a man killed. 
He tried to scan the bodies, wondering if Shama had been caught in the crossfire, but today just wasn’t his day. He looked up to see that the king of the hill bandits was undercover, right across the courtyard from him. They both quickly dashed over to the building next to them and met in the middle, as Shama smiled at Goga’s glare. 
Shama simply shrugged and asked, “Well, you certainly roused the soldiers into action, did you not? Or was my mind playing tricks on me and you ran away like a little rabbit? Perhaps it is true that wine is bad for you and your health.” 
Goga growled back, “Yes, but I wanted to join you, as you could clearly see when I came over here just now. Besides, I didn’t see you put up a valiant stand!” 
Shama retorted, “Well, I didn’t snore through half of the attack!” The men nearby, all of them bandits, almost laughed, but Goga raised his hand to quiet them. 
He turned to Shama and said, “Oh, really? I stayed up late last night making a deal before I had a few cups of wine, you know.”
Shama stared at him and inquired, “A deal? You know something about Kiki, don’t you? Did your brother tell you something?”
Goga laughed and exclaimed, “No, Fobata is dead to me! We have a cousin here; the one you told me about, the one that calls himself Lord K. He gave me some information about how we can get into Kiki. Do you see that building up on the walls?”
Shama looked up and said, “That? That’s nothing but a shed…unless, they use secret passages.”
Goga thought and sarcastically answered, “Wow, a passage? I just thought the attackers appeared out of nowhere or floated down from the sky!” 
The two leaders growled at each other as they entered the courtyard and paused, waiting for any arrows to fly at them. Finally, the other men hiding about saw their leaders and stepped forward, realizing that the attack was over for now. 
Hava, still clutching the bag of coins he had ‘commandeered’ from one of the soldiers, lurched over to his general and breathed on Goga a cloud of air that smelled faintly like ale. 
Hava, seeing Goga flinch, laughed as he slurred, “Goga, sorry I didn’t wake you. You were there and I was here and I couldn’t pass through arrows, cause they would’ve passed through me!” Goga slapped the bewildered scribe, who immediately snapped to attention as his commander gave him direct orders. 
Goga then said, “For leaving your leader’s side and not protecting me, the penalty would have been death in my harsher days! However, war is tough and I can be lenient now that I am older, but you must hand over the bag of coins!” Hava sadly gave it up to his leader and Goga waved the bag about as he described his plan.
 
Chapter 19: The Final Struggle of Coe Kiki
The group looked down from their perch on a ledge near the bottom of Mt. Doomba, as they quickly thought of a plan. Pacaben nodded and said, “We’ll split everyone into three forces, first of all. I will take the animals close to the rear, since they have the least training. Juna, the King’s Servants will be in front of them and Lupo, since you have years of experience, you will want the front for your statues?” 
Lupo nodded as Pacaben continued, “Basha, Oaka, and Monika will stay up here with the Swords for now. Monika, you cover and shoot for my force, Oaka will do so with Juna’s force and Basha will handle Lupo’s force.” 
They broke and went off, Jobe going with Pacaben, Aman racing after Lupo and Gnat tried to follow Juna, but the captain ordered him to get more water, since he was also the pitcher boy. Finally, Juna’s army started to band together as the forces of Doomba’s army started to appear over the horizon. 
Monika turned to the two young men and said, “First off, grab the Sword and grip it hard, make sure it will do what you what it to do. Then, we’ll start with some shots at the enemy, to get things started.” 
The three people stood still for a moment as they mentally fought the power of the Swords. Basha pushed hard and the demand to use every amount of energy he had lessened, so he decided it was enough. 
Monika looked at each of them and nodded as she slowly raised the Blue Sword and focused on the ground in front of Doomba’s advancing forces. Suddenly, the ground shook and several of the first warriors, Trollas, fell and were trampled. Oaka and Basha soon followed suit and pretty soon, all of them got the hang of it. 
Oaka finished a small group of Wolves as he turned to Basha and said, “You know, I think there’s not much to do up here. Shouldn’t we be on the battlefield?” 
Basha sighed and finished off a Ghoulman, something none of the others swords besides the Black Sword could have done. The Ghoulmen were shifty, floating about the battlefield at a speed that could hardly be seen or tracked, and it was difficult to see them from this distant, as if they were nothing more than shadows. Still, whenever Basha used the Black Sword with a Ghoulman nearby, he was taken to a place of shadows where he could almost see them in their true forms, quite easier to destroy them then.
Monika replied, “We should be up here just a little longer, until our whole force is in motion.” About half an hour passed, before Monika said, “Both of you can go down, I’ll be able to handle everything up here.” The young men nodded and went down from the ledge into the heart of the battle. 
Gnat headed out with a stick that had two buckets of water and a pitcher upon his shoulders. There wasn’t much use of drummer boys in battle, but the hot sun would certainly have the soldiers crying out for water. 
A group of soldier came over and headed off, with quenched mouths as Gnat continued on his way. There was a small cry and Gnat headed over to a soldier sitting with his back to a rock. 
The soldier was a young man wearing plain clothes, and he had a pale face full of pain as Gnat noticed that the man had a wound on his side. The soldier squinted at the boy and said, “Pretty small to be a soldier, ain’t you? I’ve got a brother back home, about your age, I reckon. I’ll see him and mother soon.” 
Gnat was about to give him some water, when the soldier slumped over to the side, dead. Gnat hesitated and shivered slightly at the dead soldier and ran off, yet the memory of the young man chased him. The boy shook his head and wandered off, searching for someone who needed water. 
Private Aman fought back several small gringoks and quickly turned about. He nodded at the sight of several statues surrounding a Trolla then headed off to look for Lupo, since he was pretty much the only person here that he might have feelings for, since they didn’t give him the time of day...except for Monika, of course. 
The statues didn’t frighten him anymore, but it was still quite unnatural. He marched off, but in the midst of the fighting, a howl made him stop. A large monster, actually just a Black Wolf, looked at him and growled softly. 
Aman raced off, with the wolf chasing him and when he came to a wall of rocks, he turned and thrust his sword. The wolf couldn’t stop and howled as the sword went through him. 
Aman gasped and panted heavily, then pulled out his sword quickly. The private could hear more howls close to him and ran off, since he didn’t feel like dealing with a whole pack of Black Wolves now. 
Pacaben harshly laughed as several gringoks dropped their small swords to run away from the fierce knight. He turned about and saw Jobe hiding behind a rock, which he promptly marched over to. 
The bard looked up and whispered, “Can I go back to camp? I think I’ve had enough of this. It’s one thing to sing of great battles and of fallen heroes, but it’s quite another thing to see such a things!” 
Pacaben sighed and answered, “Yeah, you can go, but I’ll never understand why people like you don’t like this sort of thing.” 
Jobe sadly shook his head in pity and headed off, while Pacaben set off to find a Ghoulman or a Trolla. Finally, Basha and Oaka reached the battlefield and they started looking about, but every opponent was occupied in fighting others. 
So the two boys split up and rushed through the hysteria of the battle. Basha quickly dodged several swords and finally, he spotted a Ghoulman searching the crowd for someone, silently sniffing. 
His black cloak covered his face as he slowly glided, yet Basha still imagined he saw dark eyes, that changed quickly to the deepest color of blue and then, it changed to orange. Basha unsheathed the Black Sword and the Ghoulman hissed as he swerved his head towards the young man. 
Basha was once more in the world of shadows and he could barely see anything, except the Ghoulman. Here, his cloak had been thrown aside and his true form was revealed as a skeleton of some sort, a ghoulish mess of a bone and half-rotted flesh. 
He took the shape of a king, with long black robes and a harsh, yet noble face. Upon his head was a great crown of cold silver and in his hand he held a great sword in his hands, a sword made of the same cold steel of the crown. His arms and hands had no skin, and the skin that remained on the body was stretched thin, as if the slightest rip could pull it all off. 
Despite this, the Ghoulman king had an authority and a might that could hardly be matched, but today, Basha was going to challenge it. The Ghoulman lethargically came over, yet there was speed in his approach and Basha quickly lifted the Black Sword, yet it felt like a great burden to do this in the strange, misty world. 
In the real world, a person passing by would see the Ghoulman rush towards Basha at a great acceleration and the young man would meet the blow with swiftness, the two swords clashing together to create a rain of sparks. Yet in the shadow world of the Ghoulman, everything moved sluggishly and Basha could respond to the Ghoulman’s movement much easier. 
Basha quickly defended and attacked, yet it appeared that the Ghoulman knew his every move and thus intercepted it, making it all Basha could do to protect himself. Suddenly, as the fight seemed to go on forever, Basha looked down and noticed a pattern and the place where the Ghoulman always made himself vulnerable. 
Basha plunged his sword and the world of shadows was gone, as the Ghoulman fell. The battle came alive again and a deep weariness came upon Basha, so thus he left the battlefield to take refuge in the camp.

Goga climbed up the wall with his forces close behind him as he marched for the small building on the wall top. It was around noon and the blood-red sun was at its peak of brightness. 
Finally, he stopped at the door and twisted the knob, but it wouldn’t give. With the help of Shama and Hava, they soon forced the door open into what appeared to be a parlor. 
Goga scanned the wall, but Shama was the first to pull back the carpet and reveal the trapdoor. It was opened and, seeing no ladder, the men jumped down onto the floor one by one, until Goga signaled for them to move on. They opened the door of the old queen’s parlor and quickly assessed the situation. 
Shama whispered, “It will be difficult, fighting in such close quarters, Goga. I don’t think we could swing a whole sword in the space the hallways could afford.” 
Goga replied, “The enemy is just as disadvantaged as we are, more so because they do not expect such an attack, in their own fortress! Now, we must use guerrilla stratagems, the same tactics used by that raiding party earlier. We break into small groups of about three and spread all throughout the fortress like fleas, making sure that we don’t bump into each other. Not too much noise, and let’s go.” 
The men slowly set off in their different directions as the first group reached a door. They quietly opened the door and stopped for a moment in shock. 
Standing in front of them, Prince Womba and several archers extended their bows and set some arrows flying straight for the soldiers. Womba’s men cried and all throughout the fortress, the sounds of war started to rise from all around. 
Fobata quickly came up to the prince and said, “I suppose Lord K gave you a good plan, my highness.”
Womba answered, “Yes, the false information probably made them think that Lord K was a deserter! Is that not the silliest thing you ever thought of?” 
Fobata uncomfortably laughed, but shielded it as best as he could. So off went Womba and Fobata, dodging around scuffles and combats going on all throughout the hallway. 
Womba nodded at the fighting and turned to Fobata to say, “Now, they’ll probably want me at the command post down near the kitchens. Go on and check on father, tell him I’ll see him once the fighting’s done.” 
Fobata nodded and the two parted soon. A moment later, a man hiding in the shadows quickly stuck his head out and started to trail Fobata. When Fobata finally stopped in front of a panel and pushed it back, the man mentally made note of the location and set off. Goga finished off one of the guards when Lord K came around the corner, walking stiffly. 
Before the general could say anything, Lord K told him, “My cousin, I’ve found where they’ve hidden the king. There is a hiding place down this hall here, in front of the last panel there. I am sorry for any mistake I made.” 
Goga glared at Lord K, knowing somehow he had a hand in what surely would be a defeat, but he could not resist such a temptation as the king. Goga headed off, as Lord K walked away and nobody knew they had spoken to each other. 
Goga raced through the hall, pushing away people that got into his way, but he did not use his sword to force them away for fear that he might accidentally stab his own soldiers. One time, he pushed Lord Ompa hard against the wall and the lord gasped in surprise, yet he had no idea about the identity of the man that had pushed him. 
However, Papia was the one closest to Ompa, not by his own choice but by the way the fighting had forced him to this point, and he knew the form of Goga well from seeing him at the head of the enemy’s charge. Papia gasped in astonishment when he saw Goga shove aside Ompa, yet the man had done nothing against the general. 
Despite the fact that it was an honest mistake on Ompa’s part, this incident firmed Papia’s resolve that Ompa was not fit to be a lord when he showed such inactivity like peace. Papia unsheathed his sword and roared, urging the handful of soldiers underneath his command to follow his mad dash after Goga. Yet when they turned the corner, Papia and the soldiers found no sign of the enemy general.
Sonnagh groaned and tried to get up as the noises of the battle outside came to him, but the royal physician standing beside him pushed him down and sternly said, “You must have your rest, your excellency, to get better. The combat will be over eventually and for now, you must try to forget about all of that.” Fobata and Marlo, standing in front of the king’s bed nodded solemnly as Sonnagh heavily sighed. 
He managed to whisper, “My son, he is doing well? Will he come?” 
Fobata answered, “He would not ever leave you in such a state, your grace, so he will come soon enough.” 
There was a small knock and Fobata smiled as he turned. Suddenly, the secret panel was sliced apart and Goga smiled as he marched in. 
Fobata gulped and quickly seized his blade, but Goga was too fast and Fobata fell like a lump to the floor. The physician’s nurse screamed and ran out in the hallway, several of the king’s guards tried to force themselves inside the room, but Goga’s men pushed them back. 
The physician and Marlo marched up to Goga, but a hard punch felled them and the nurse fainted on top of them. Goga turned and was surprised for a moment to see King Sonnagh stand up in nothing but his robe, gripping his sword. However, Goga was stunned only momentarily and smirked as he faced the weak King Sonnagh. 
Meanwhile, Womba was walking down the hall, when suddenly, he saw the guards fighting Goga’s men, who were shielding the torn panel. Womba, fearing the worst, gathered his own force of men and rushed into the fight with such a fury that Goga’s men parted. 
The king’s guards sped in, with Womba in the lead, and paused as the scene came upon them. Fobata clutched his stomach and groaned, as the motionless physician, steward, and nurse lied in the middle and at the king’s bed, Goga quickly turned with his sword bare and bloody. Womba snarled in rage and stepped forward, ready to meet the general in the final combat.
 
The blood-red sun started to descend and the battle appeared to be over for today. Both sides set off to their respective camps as Monika yawned. 
After she had finished doing her work up on the ledge, she had gone off to battle for a little while, but soon grew tired of the fighting and headed off, instead, to the doctor’s tent. There, she found many men who needed attention and was preoccupied with caring for them all, using her knowledge and the Blue Sword. 
Monika was about to tend a patient, when the doctor came up to her and said, “My dear, go off and get some rest, you have done more than your fair share of work. You can come back anytime tomorrow to help, if you wish to.” 
Monika nodded and picked up the Blue Sword, which had been her only tool that long day. As she did so, she mentally remembered the whole day and realized that she had only shivered once or twice when around the servants of Doomba, meaning that she was probably cured, for now. As she walked through camp, Aman saw her and quickly stood up and headed over to her. 
He lazily smiled at her and said, “So, your name is Monika. What an enchanting name for an equally enchanting lady, as I’ve been saying to myself. It makes me wonder what a place like you is doing in a woman like…no, wait a moment, I meant to say…” Monika laughed and Aman blushed, his cheek turning the bright crimson of an apple. 
Monika turned to him and said, “Aman, you’re a nice fellow. However, I’m afraid I must say no to you, but don’t worry. There are plenty of young ladies out there who would give anything to be with a brave soldier like you.” 
Aman nodded and quickly walked off, slightly embarrassed because he should have known that such an exquisite woman like Monika had every right to say no to him. Monika sighed, but kept on walking towards Juna’s tent. 
She sat for awhile listening to Jumha, Juna, and Pacaben talk about the next day’s battle, but it slightly bored her and she kept on walking. She smiled at the sight of Major Lupo vividly telling several animals about one of his old war stories, but she hardly paused for more than a moment. Suddenly, she stopped and saw Oaka happily walking, with the Red Sword on his belt, next to Gnat, who was almost signing his praises of Oaka. 
Monika came over and said, “Gnat, what are you doing? I thought you worshipped Basha as a hero?” 
Gnat nodded and replied, “I still do, but he’s been in his tent most of the day and didn’t want to be disturbed. He got a Ghoulman, which is phenomenal, but that was it. Now, Oaka here, I swear he got 20 gringoks, 15 Black Wolves, 3 Trollas and shot a gruelmoff right out of the sky!” 
Oaka laughed and said, “Well, it was really thanks to the Sword, I suppose, but I admit it was a great deed. I suppose I’ve finally earned my place in Jobe’s story.” 
Monika cocked her head and said, “Jobe’s story? Don’t tell me he’s already written a song about all of this!” 
Gnat shook his head and replied, “He’s not done yet, but he’s done an excellent job so far, although it isn’t a song, so never fear. I can’t say much about his singing, but the story that he is telling could make a great legend! Speaking of Jobe, can we get some more jove?” 
Oaka nodded, but said, “We better hurry, though, for I bet everyone wants another cup!” The two of them ran off, while Monika headed to Basha’s tent to check on how he was. She softly knocked and pulled aside the tent flap, to see Basha look up from his blankets. 
He nodded and said, “Evening, Monika. Are you doing well?” 
Monika replied, “Yes, I’m quite well enough, but I’m just wondering how you are doing. Oaka said you had left the battle early on.” 
Basha shrugged and answered, “Oh, it just sickened me a tad, I guess. Everyone else well enough?” 
Monika told him, “Well, there were some losses, but nobody you or I know. Has Fato returned?” 
Basha sighed, as he explained, “No, there has been no sight of him since last night. He should be well, though, since he left long before the army came. I guess he’ll come back, but I can’t predict what he will find here when he returns. Hopefully, we’ll all be here still.” 
Monika nodded and left the tent as Basha started to fall asleep with Oaka walking in soon afterwards to sleep on his blankets, as they were sharing the tent. The night continued on and grew deeper as many slept, but then suddenly, there came a loud booming sound. 
The soldiers and former slaves groaned in their sleep and started to stir, waking up as they wandered out of their tents, not knowing what time of the night it was. The loud noise grew and as Gnat stepped out of his tent, he suddenly realized what the sound was, for he had practiced with his drum enough times to hear that familiar rhythm. 
Oaka and Basha jumped up and rushed outside to see what was happening, as the drumbeat grew louder and chaos erupted in camp. The slaves, all of the magical creatures, including the gnomes, unicorns, centaurs, griffins, sphinxes, and other strange animals were rushing about the camp, not to mention the horses that hadn’t been tied. 
Jobe rushed over toward them, holding tightly to the reins of a panicky Quint as he yelled, “What happened? What’s going on?” Basha shrugged and he turned to see that Monika was outside, but she was shivering, although he could not be with her before Pacaben came running up. 
He hollered, “Over there, at the camp, from the west! I was walking over that way just a moment ago, following the drum beat, and I saw him. He’s come here, personally!” 
Basha shuddered and handed Monika to Pacaben, before running off to the edge of camp. There, he stood in a crowd of curious and frightened people, who all stood at the barrier of their camp to squint over to the enemy camp in the distant. 
Even from here, Basha could see Doomba a little as he rode through his camp with a Trolla following him, beating a tattoo on a huge drum. Doomba had ridden in on a black horse similar to the Ghoulmen’s horses, but it was slightly bigger to account for his above-average size. 
Doomba was slightly larger than an ordinary man, about 7 feet tall, and covered from head to feet with black armor, trimmed in certain places with black fur, and with white, enigmatic symbols scratched onto his breastplate. Basha couldn’t see his head, because it was covered in a helmet made to look like a skull, but even from here, he thought he could feel the cold eyes looking for him. Basha took a step back and blackness almost covered him, but he shook it off and limped back to his tent, as far away as possible from Him, the evil Lord Doomba. 
However, Oaka groaned as he whispered, “I can’t believe it. So it must be twenty minutes before two in the morning, like the Prophecy said, as it is the time for the dragon to come at the beat of the drum.”

It was the hour before dawn, making it now the 17th day of Juli and the 146th day of the Great Quest. Fobata groaned as the doctor finished putting in the final stitches to patch up his stomach. The pain was quite excruciating for him and he knew that he might feel that same pain again in his lifetime, if the wound should ever act up on him.
The doctor said, “Oh, hush up on your groaning, my lord, you’re lucky to be alive.” 
Fobata raised his head and rebutted, “I almost died, I think that gives me the right to moan!” The doctor tugged the needle and Fobata growled, but the doctor said nothing as he got up and left. 
The king took the doctor’s place, with a bandage on his right hand and wearing long black robes. Fobata managed to sit up and said, “My king, you must rest. You have faced quite an ordeal.” 
King Womba shrugged and answered, “It is you who should probably rest more than I should. Do not call me king yet, for I have not been crowned. I wish my father could be here to know you at least tried to defend him.” 
Fobata lowered his head and said, “I fear I am not a master swordsman and thus I was not an opponent for my brother. Luckily, you came almost in time. You know, Goga did not deserve a proper burial.” 
Womba sighed and answered, “He was still a noble, even though he was a traitor to the crown and I know that my father would have given him a funeral. Anyway, once you’re healed, I’m certain you will want to go back to Coe Eela.” 
Fobata waved his hand and told him, “I’ll wait till the coronation, at the least. Besides, who knows what sort of state it is in? I should probably stay with you, your Majesty, or else I’ll worry about how you’re managing affairs.” 
Fobata did not, however, mention that what he was worried about was Lord ‘K’, but he feared that in the days to come, he must watch the man. Womba nodded and headed off to deal with some discussions, while Fobata fell asleep in a nap. 
At that same time, Pacaben went over to Oaka and whispered, “Is she sick again?” 
Oaka looked over at the sleeping Monika and replied, “It only lasted for about an hour or so and Basha went in to check on her and he found everything was fine. Everyone was like her for a while, but I think they’ve gotten used to it.” They were gathered around a roaring fire, alongside most of the men from the camp and the rest of the group. 
A sergeant whimpered as he looked over at the enemy’s camp and whispered, “We can’t do anything! He’s too strong, too strong…” Suddenly, Basha got out of the stupor he was in and slapped the man. 
As the sergeant nursed his sore, Basha yelled, “Pull yourself together, man! I bet this is exactly what he wants us to do and we don’t want to give in!” 
Captain Juna absently nodded and replied, “Yes, I suppose this would be a good tactic of lowering morale in the troops. Jobe, you got some stories or jove left?” 
Jobe answered, “I made a good amount of jove and I have a memory full of stories. Gather around everyone, how about we tell the tale of…Kilu the Huntress, since her statue is sitting right near me.” 
An hour or a little more went by as the army’s morale lifted with the help of Jobe and the others and soon, they were ready once more to face the battlefield. Sadly, daylight came and the armies marched out: the first consisting of the King’s Servants, the former slaves, the statues of Lupo, and the group as well as their new friends. 
The second army was Doomba’s, with Trollas, gruelmoffs, gringoks, Black Wolves, and Ghoulmen making up the long ranks. A small number of the first army, which included Captain Juna, Major Lupo, Sir Pacaben and Basha with the Black Sword, came forth carrying the universal flag of talk. It was met with a small number of Doomba’s army that included some gringoks and a gruelmoff, for they were the most reasonable creatures underneath Doomba’s rule. 
Captain Juna went up to them and cautiously asked, “I am quite curious to wonder why you are all here. Since yesterday, as you well know, you have engaged us in the battlefield. We have our own needs to do this, but what are your terms?” 
The gruelmoff, an old one, raised his head and screeched, “You should know perfectly well why we are here! We will gladly leave now, if you meet with our terms: first off, give us back the slaves, for we have learned all of you had a hand in their escape. Second, a prisoner escaped from Coe Doomba several days before and she is here, in this haven of agitators. Finally, we have reason to believe that there is one among you who calls himself Đąǽora’l, a false prophet that must be given to us” 
The gruelmoff glared at Basha. However, the gruelmoff stayed as far from the Black Sword as was possible, frightened.
Pacaben instinctively blocked the bird’s sight of Basha as he said, “Your terms seem a bit much, especially considering all you have done. Do you agree, Juna?” 
Captain Juna eyed the gruelmoff and answered, “Yes, very heavy terms and quite preposterous. I believe I speak for everyone here when I say we can never agree to these terms.” 
The gruelmoff growled and yelled, “You are in no position for compromise! You are surrounded on all sides with some of the greatest warriors in Arria and our Master is here! We will crush your little rebellion on this day and when we are done, you will gladly give yourselves up! Agree now, or face death with no end, pain eternal, an afterlife plagued by Lord Doomba!” 
The last phrase echoed throughout the plain and all that heard trembled with fear, but they soon recovered as Juna and the representatives of the army turned about. At last, the armies turned about to face each other with Captain Juna in front of his army and a Ghoulman in front of the other, since Doomba appeared to want to wait before showing himself. 
They both encouraged their armies, told them that the enemy was scared, and worked up everyone into frenzy. Finally, the commanders turned towards the middle of the long plain littered with rocks, beneath Mt. Doomba, which still roared and fumed. 
Captain Juna raised his sword and yelled, “For Arria, for King Sonnagh, for all men!” 
The Ghoulman yelled, “For the Wastelands, for Lord Doomba, for blood!” 
The armies screamed and cheered and raced head on. Jumha led a group of former slaves, consisting of many strange and wonderful creatures. Every gringok was faced with a fierce gnome, who all stared at each eye to eye, a rare thing for creature that mainly had to look up at others. 
The unicorns and centaurs tried to leap up and kick the gruelmoffs swooping down, but the gruelmoffs would just fly upwards until they were out of the way of all hooves and fists. The rest took care of the Ghoulmen and Trollas, but slowly, they were pressed in on all sides. As the sun rose towards its pinnacle, Jumha cried out in dismay as one of the gruelmoffs swooped down and broke his horn. 
The unicorns flanked about their elder on an impulse, but Jumha yelled, “Spread out, help the others! I can manage, never fear!” 
One of the younger unicorns came over and said, “Sir, we must protect you, for you are our leader! What can we do without you?” 
Jumha laughed and replied, “A leader that does nothing more than tell stories? My son, there are others among you who could be a greater leader than even I was, for in some matters, I have no knowledge. Besides, I have seen many summers and winters, enough for one lifetime of pain, and I feel old. Don’t waste any young lives protecting an old horse like me.” 
The unicorns stayed for a while around their leader, but slowly started to spread a little more into the battle, so that they were about several feet away from Jumha. For a while, he kicked hard at the gruelmoffs circling all above him, wincing at the pain of his broken horn, but he was distracted from what was going on around him at ground level. 
This is exactly what the gruelmoffs wanted, for even now they could see a Trolla coming closer. As Jumha landed from another futile attempt to get the gruelmoffs, he saw the Trolla, but he had nothing more than swiftness and hard hooves while the Trolla had large size and weapons. 
The other unicorns standing around suddenly saw the Trolla and rushed over, but they were too late. Most took off after the renegade Trolla then and there and later took their revenge upon the soldier, yet some gathered around the motionless animal. Thus ended the final tale of Jumha the elder unicorn. 
Meanwhile, Gnat shielded his eye against the sun as he gave a soldier some water, before moving on. The main part of Juna’s troops was hiding behind a group of rocks, for shelter against the blazing sun and shelter from the arrows of Trollas and gringoks. Captain Juna released more arrows into the general direction of the Trollas and sighed as he looked at his almost empty quiver. 
Juna turned to a lieutenant sitting beside him as the lieutenant said, “We’re almost out of arrows, I fear, and eventually, we’ll have to run for it.” 
Juna peeked above the rocks as he whispered, “Several yards are some more rocks, some men will go there while the rest…” 
Then, all of a sudden, there was a sharp-eyed gringok that picked up his bow and fired straight for Juna. He fell back with an arrow in his stomach and the band gathered around him, especially a worried Gnat. A check revealed the wound wasn’t fatal, but he was unable to lead them. 
Leaderless, a panic settled on them and they almost took to flight, something that would surely have been disastrous, if Gnat hadn’t stepped in. Despite being barely more than a boy, he realized what was going on and quickly whacked a rock with his metal pail, which aroused the men to attention. 
Gnat said, “Did you not hear Juna, before the arrow hit him? Sooner or later, our arrows must run out and we have to get out of here. First off, half of us will try to reach the rocks while the other half covers us. Then, the first group will cover the second group’s approach and we keep going like this, until we reach camp. The strongest man will leave with the first group and carry Juna, because we’ll probably be the quickest. Does everyone agree?” 
Without any other plan, the troops agreed and started gathering their weapons and supplies. Gnat was elected as their proxy leader and he was given a sword, dagger, and bows and arrows for the fight. Gnat stared down at the bow and arrows, recalling how he had once hunted rabbits with tools like these, as he hoped that this might make it easier for him to shoot the arrows. 
The sword and dagger, on the other hand…Gnat knew the ways of the sword from Juna’s lessons, but he was unsure of how well he could handle it. Meanwhile, the Trollas and the gringoks on the other side were a little uneasy, since it was so quiet and they started to whisper among themselves, wondering if something was going on. 
Suddenly, they were taken by surprise as the first wave of soldiers, led by Gnat with his pitcher for a helmet, ran towards the rocks. Gnat turned his head to see that the strongest men, who were carrying Captain Juna, had managed to race straight through, since the other soldiers had distracted the enemy. 
Gnat started to turn his head forward to raise his sword, and barely managed to duck a club! Gnat tumbled down onto the ground and looked up as he saw a tall Trolla standing over him, waving a heavy club with silver studs. Time seemed to slow down, as the Trolla started to swing it down towards Gnat’s head. 
Suddenly, there came a swish and the club missed, as the Trolla slumped down onto the ground with an arrow in his back. Gnat gasped and looked up as he saw Aman standing nearby, holding a strung bow and with a quiver full of arrows slung onto his shoulders, arrows identical to the one in the beast’s back. 
Aman slowly walked over and reached his hand out as he said, “Do you still think we can’t be friends?” 
Gnat gawked at him, and then managed to smile as he chuckled and grasped Aman’s hand to be pulled up. Meanwhile, the first wave of soldiers that included Aman and Gnat were starting to pass by as the Trollas prepared to meet the second wave, but the first wave sent back a mass of arrows to confuse the Trollas even more. 
Aman’s arrows were among the largest numbers to find their marks, as the Trollas raced about, wondering what to do. The enemy chased the troops for awhile, but soon they grew disheartened and left them alone. Finally, Gnat and his band arrived at camp about an hour later and headed for the doctor’s tent as quickly as possible. 
At Coe Kiki, the long process of reconstruction began physically and mentally. All of the men of Goga and Shama’s small army were gathered and given a choice between imprisonment or becoming laborers. 
Molok was taken from his cell and after several days there, he agreed to become a laborer. Molok said, “Spending life in cell is no good, no good for Molok. Can I choose what I do? Can I go to mines, I dig good, or roads? You want to build road, I’ll help, I’ll do good. Yes, Molok will keep himself busy, no need to worry about Molok.” Womba nodded to himself and moved down the line to Hava the scribe, who had been found quite dazed after the battle. 
He was a little skeptical about working for the new king, so Womba suggested, “I will put you into the cells for several days and if you wish to stay there, you can stay there for the rest of your life. However, I am certain I could find a position for you at the University if you wish to work.” 
Hava agreed to spend some time in the cells and a few days later, he gladly jumped on the chance to leave for the University, thinking that he would stay there for the rest of his life. However, a few months later, Hava was bewildered when someone escorted him from the University back to the dungeon underneath the castle of Kiki, for no apparent reason. 
For the rest of his days, he never learned that Lord K was the one responsible for this, since he didn’t want the scribe to tell others about the connection between Goga and others. 
Anyway, most of the captives agreed to work and would spend many years rebuilding the burnt houses of Kiki, rebuilding the other towns they had destroyed, building roads, and doing all sorts of labor throughout the land of Arria. Only a few decided to go to the cells, thinking it wouldn’t be honorable to toil for a king they had no love of. 
At last, Fobata came to King Womba and said, “My liege, I have gotten a list of most of the men’s names that Marlo wrote, but there is something wrong. Most of the captives say that they were hill bandits underneath the rule of a man known as Shama, but none of the men questioned would answer to being that man. What do you think of that, your Majesty?” 
Womba looked about and replied, “Well, he could be among the dead or something else happened to him, but I can’t see how he could have gotten out of Coe Kiki without being noticed. Even if he did escape, we’ll find him, never fear.”
As they spoke, Shama was riding off to the border. When he had learned of General Goga’s death, he had raced out and searched all around for the place before the king’s soldiers could find him. At last, behind two sheds near the courtyard, he found a man-sized hole, the final remnant of Molok’s tunnel. 
He jumped in and headed through the darkness, sometimes digging at the collapsed openings. Finally, he emerged in the field to the southwest of the castle, the exact place where the king’s horses had fallen through. He ran to the camp that had been abandoned in haste and finally found several horses, but being a picky man, Shama chose the fine steed that had once belonged to Goga, may Tau rest his soul. 
Soon, he was riding off as fast as lightning, knowing that soldiers would certainly start to trail him, once his men ratted on him. Yes, he had taught them well that honor meant nothing when faced with the end of a rope or sword; perhaps he had taught them too well. 
Of course, the border guards would let him pass, since they wouldn’t hear news of him until long after he was gone across the border. For you see, the countries to the east all despised Arria and Shama wished to join them, for he had lots of connections in the Popo Hills of Pinal and Arria, possibly making him a valuable ally for any of Arria’s enemies. He vowed then and there, as the world was his witness, that he would take revenge against Womba for Goga’s death and, one day, he would take control of all of Arria.
 
Chapter 20: The Lion of Light and Pidaria
Night started to come as the leaders of the group gathered around Juna’s bed. The captain had recovered from his wound well enough to call another war council. The whole group was there, although it appeared that Jumha was absent. 
Monika looked up from tending Juna’s wound to say, “Should we start without him? Has anyone seen him?” 
Jobe thought for a moment and shook his head as he replied, “When Pacaben and myself left the battlefield, there was no sign of him or the other animals. What about you two?” 
Basha and Oaka shook their head, for they had been fighting almost all day long and there had been no sign, which was the same with Major Lupo, Gnat, and Private Aman. Juna sighed and was about to start the meeting, but then the tent flap was thrown aside as a centaur came in. 
Everyone looked up in surprise, but Juna managed to clear his throat and said, “Well, good day, sir. We had been expecting Jumha.” 
The centaur paused as he said, “Oh…well…I was told to come here, but…oh dear.” 
Gnat raised his head and asked, “Sir, what are you talking about?” 
The centaur sighed and lowered his head as he said, “Well, I’m afraid I am the bearer of bad news. This morning we were on the battlefield…I don’t know exactly what happened, I wasn’t close by…but they say it was a…Trolla.” 
Silence settled down upon them as they silently lamented the loss of one of their comrades, for they had no energy left to really cry. After several moments, Basha sighed and started to walk off as he grabbed the Black Sword. Monika looked up and rushed after him, as the rest of the crowd followed. 
Basha was headed towards the edge of camp when Monika seized him and asked, “What do you think you’re doing?” 
Basha pulled his arm back as he answered, “One way or another, this will end tonight! I’m going to march right up to Doomba and do what must be done.” 
He tried to walk off again, but Monika kept trying to pull him back, telling him he wasn’t ready to challenge Doomba. Everyone watched, all except for Private Aman, who was looking up at the sky in awe. 
Major Lupo turned and noticed his great-nephew looking up and bellowed, “Hey, Aman! What, are you stargazing?” 
Aman shook his head as he replied, “I’m not sure, but it looks like a cloud.” 
Lupo looked up and yelled, “Everybody, there’s something in the sky!” 
Everyone in the camp raised their heads towards the sky and if they squinted towards Doomba’s camp, they could see the other monsters looking up also. It looked like a black cloud at first, but it moved too fast and seemed to move. 
Oaka squinted and his eyes grew wide as he yelled, “Birds! Hundreds and hundreds of birds!” 
In the other camp, screams from Trollas, Ghoulmen, and the others rose up as the birds swooped down, all except one. He screeched and flew into Monika, who laughed as she hugged Fato the falcon. 
The group thanked Fato as Pacaben said, “So that’s where you went to, you went to gather reinforcements! Oh, you old goose, I could kiss you!” 
Fato scowled and screeched, “I’m no old goose. All of you should by now that I’m an old falcon!” 
Yet, he calmed down soon enough and started to tell them a little about his journey to gather up all of those birds and they told him a little what had happened in his absence, ending with Jumha’s death. Fato sadly shook his head and then turned towards the west, to see how the attack was going on Doomba and his force. 
The birds had certainly caused a lot of harm, but there had been some loss. Feeling their job was done for now, the reminder headed back to Juna’s camp and everyone all waited around to see what would happen next.  
Calm settled upon the plain, a deceiving calm indeed for things was stirring. The birds nervously preened their feathers, squawking as the occasional sparrow flew up into the air in fright, but soon headed back down, knowing that their duties weren’t over yet.
Suddenly, the Trollas, Ghoulmen, Black Wolves and gringoks congregated together and chanted slowly. The chants grew louder, strange words of an old language, yet the words sounded menacing and grim. 
Juna’s troops just stood there, glaring back them, waiting for them to make the move and ready to fight them then and there. Doomba’s troops screamed and raced forward and were met by Juna’s troops head on. 
Metal clashed on metal, arrows whizzed high above, men screamed and all was chaos. The birds took flight once more and each in turn attacked the gruelmoffs, so that none in the army had to bother with them now. 
Jobe hit someone with his harp and then moved on, while Fato launched himself onto a Wolf’s face with claws and beak ready to slash and bite. Monika kicked a gringok hard and set her arrows flying towards a Ghoulman, Gnat clumsily destroyed a Trolla, for he still didn’t know enough to handle a sword properly. 
Major Lupo cackled as he charged a brigade of Ghoulmen with his statues, while Aman managed not to look at his victims as he fired his arrows. Oaka found a Trolla and raised the Red Sword, not knowing that there was a Ghoulman behind him. 
Suddenly, there came an unearthly scream as the Ghoulman was picked up into the air, then dropped from this high height. 
Oaka turned and laughed as he yelled, “Sheba! Sheba, you made it in time!” 
Sheba the red dragon softly purred as she said, “Oh, I haven’t had so much fun in years. Stick close to me, Oaka, I’ll watch your back and I promise, I’ll only eat the evil creatures.” 
Basha, however, ignored everyone as he walked about, searching for Doomba. Finally, Basha saw him covered in his black armor as he cut down a soldier and turned towards Basha. 
Basha frowned at the smiling skull helmet and raised the Black Sword as Lord Doomba marched forward. Shivers went up Basha’s spine, but he overlooked them as the two of them faced each and bowed. 
Doomba rushed forward and Basha blocked, the swords quivering as their force met. Again and again, the Evil Lord came on and Basha was driven back slowly, not realizing that they were slowly rising. 
Birds and Sheba the red dragon circled high above, a spectacular view to some that saw this, but the simple truth was that they were all trying to catch a glimpse of the fight. Oaka stopped and pointed towards the slopes of Mt. Doomba, where all could see the battle of Doomba and Basha. 
Basha started to sweat and dared to look behind him, but quickly turned his eyes away from the flames, for they were now on top of Mt. Doomba, standing on a ledge over the depths of the mountain. Doomba swooped in and knocked the Black Sword away, but Basha quickly retrieved it in time to block another blow. 
The shadows danced among the flames of Mt. Doomba and all looked up in awe, the battle forgotten. Doomba snickered and Basha could see his red eyes in the skull helmet’s eye sockets. 
Suddenly, Basha’s mind turned to the verse that read, ‘The battle will be fought and the dragon and the lion must fight, o, who shall rise up and be the lion of light?’ His whole life flashed through his mind, a long parade of friends, happiness, dangers, enemies, sadness and love. 
He thought of Jawen for a moment and realized that he could hardly picture her in his mind anymore and she didn’t seem so wonderful anymore. Instead, as he instinctively blocked and challenged all of Doomba’s moves, as he thought of Monika. 
From when he first met her in the tavern…when she told the tale of Za…when she shivered on Old Smoky…to when she raced Deja across the plain. Then, when she danced at the ball…when she fought…when he saw her again in the cave by Dragon’s Teeth, so helpless…to just a few moments ago.  
Slowly, Basha pushed Doomba back more intensely and when he came back to reality, he noted the surprise in Doomba’s eyes. He coldly pushed on, the Black Sword flying in its deadly dance as Doomba equaled step for step. 
For the first time, Basha realized that the battle had to stop somehow, but how could it end? Then, a thought came to him and he slowly started to back away, as Doomba attacked with a new wrath. 
Pacaben looked up and whispered, “Oh no, Doomba’s pushing him back! It almost looked like Basha could have stopped him.” 
Monika quickly turned away as she silently muttered a small plea for help to the unmerciful, harsh stars, who gave nothing in response. Meanwhile, Doomba started to cackle again and Basha, appearing frightened, turned around towards the fire coming closer and closer. 
Doomba stopped and sneered at the terrified Basha, realizing how wrong he had been to suspect such a boy to be any threat at all. Doomba raised his sword and charged, but Basha sighed and stepped to the side. 
Doomba turned, but it was too late for him. He fell over the ledge and into the mouth of the volcano. With a roar, a lash of flame leapt into the air and Basha covered his face as he fell back down the mountain in a faint, exhausted after the battle. The armies of Doomba screamed and many fled. 
Some say they left Salarria and sailed off into the mists, others say they crawled deep into their holes, or all melted into nothing since their maker was gone. The soldiers quickly took care of the Followers that had stayed behind in a daze, while the group rushed to the top of the mountain. 
Oaka and Monika picked up the unconscious Basha as Jobe grabbed the Black Sword, ignoring the small shocks he got when he did so. At the same time, the rest of the group looked down into the hole of Mt. Doomba and whistled silently at the sight, because what had once been a molting pool of hot lava was now as still and clear as ice. 
Fato silently shook his head as he whispered, “…the dragon will fall and fire turn into ice.”
All was darkness and he knew not where he was. He slowly got up and looked around to see the mist all around. 
He whispered, “Always I see the mist and I wonder what it is?” 
From the shadows, a voice answered, “The mist is all of the secrets of this world, some so terrible that none should ever see them.” 
Basha sighed and said, “Secrets? Is the world supposed to be some mystery that no one can see them? Let us see through the mist, to the other side!” 
The voice replied, “You perhaps are ready, but what of the others? They are safe now, for they are protected from the outside and they know nothing that could harm them. One day, they may choose to see and they will decide what to do with this power. Will they abuse it or will they rise up? This gift has been offered to hundreds of lands, times, and worlds. Some grew into paradises and some destroyed themselves.” 
Basha thought and slowly asked, “Was Corrica one of them that destroyed themselves?” 
It was silent for a few moments, but the voice answered, “Yes, but they were too young to know all of the secrets, to do all that they tried to do. For now, I will think of this, but do you think they would understand?” 
Basha shrugged and told him, “The world…I still do not know enough of it to make a guess. One day soon, maybe. Wait a moment, who are you? Are you a god?” 
The voice managed to whisper, “Perhaps I am, but somehow I don’t know. Then again, some call me by one name while others call me by another name. You have never heard my name, but when you do, it will be just a name, not who I am. For now, I am like the mist, full of the secrets of this world that will be revealed in good time.” 
Basha groaned and said, “That made no sense at all! Why must you speak like this, all in riddles that do nothing more than boggle the mind?” 
The voice said nothing as the mist grew all around him and an ache slowly filled Basha. Suddenly, the world grew bright and he blinked several times to bring the world into focus. 
He paused as he noticed the sunlight seeping in through his tent and he yawned sleepily, causing him to brace against the momentary shock of pain. He managed to sit up from his mat and smiled at the sight off to the side. 
Monika, Oaka, Gnat, Jobe and Pacaben were all heaped on top of each other in corner, snoring peacefully. Basha grabbed the lump of blanket behind his head and threw it into the corner, stirring the others into wakefulness. The others were baffled, until they saw Basha quietly giggling, then they piled on him as they hugged him. 
Basha said, “Hey, cut it out! I was just sleeping, wasn’t I?” 
Monika shrugged and answered, “Well, it almost seemed like we could never wake you up for awhile there.” 
Pacaben agreed, “It was pretty touch-and-go there for awhile, but we managed it yesterday.” 
Basha frowned and said, “Yesterday? Wasn’t the battle just last night?” 
Gnat told him, “It was the day before yesterday, actually, you fainted up on the mountain. It was kind of neat, it did turn into ice! You want to see, you want to see?” Basha followed Gnat and the others slowly as they headed outside and up the mountain’s slopes. 
Basha shook his head in amazement as he looked through the mouth of the once active volcano as he said, “I did this? Did you get the Black Sword?” 
Jobe answered, “Yeah, I put it back in the pack beside the others, although I’m probably going to have some scars from that Sword. Anyway, tomorrow we’ll probably be able to leave for Pidaria, since it’s safe now. I’m certain nothing’s going to mess with us, now that Doomba’s gone.” 
The group agreed and headed back down, where they met up with the troops. They all paused to smile at the friends, but Basha noticed several odd looks directed at him.
All around them, tents were being pulled down and horses were being prepared. Several of the birds that Fato had called upon to help them were still flying high above, but according to the falcon, most of the birds had to left yesterday or so due to lack of food for all of them and nothing left to do. 
Oaka nodded and turned to Basha as he told him, “You should have seen Sheba. She really is quite amazing, even if she almost tried to eat me. She enjoyed hearing some of my tales and she even enjoyed Jobe’s tales, but she felt that it was time to go, a little while ago. I’m not sure where she’s going to go, but I hope she won’t be bothered too much.” 
The former slaves were hustling about and helping the soldiers, because they were going to leave with the troop. Some statues nodded at them as they walked over to Juna, Lupo, and Aman preparing their horses. Juna and his men would depart tomorrow, but Lupo and Aman were ready to go that very afternoon.
Captain Juna nodded at them when they approached and said, “Well, this has certainly been quite amazing, everything that I have seen on my part. I’m afraid to say, that we should probably be heading back to Kiki to report. Come by on your way back and I’m certain that once I’ve told the king about all of this, he’ll wish to reward you all.” 
Basha bowed and replied, “Thank you for helping us, Juna. I’m sorry we caused so much trouble, for all of you.” 
Major Lupo laughed and said, “Trouble? No trouble at all, my friends! It’s been years since I’ve see any action and none of it was quite like this!” Private Aman nodded and helped his great-uncle Lupo up onto the horse, smiling a little as he found himself thinking for the first time that Major Lupo might not be so loony after all. 
Gnat walked by Aman, unsure of what to say, but he finally said, “Sorry I kept calling you a coward and thanks for saving my life. Maybe we’ll be friends.” 
Aman shrugged and said, “Who knows, stranger things have happened. Besides, perhaps I was a coward when I first came here, although I suppose that has changed now, just like a lot of things have and will change. Farewell, Gnat.”
Aman turned to Monika and said, “Well, I fear I don’t quite understand most of what happened, but once Lupo’s told me, I guess I’ll know.” 
Monika was about to give back the Stone Sword and the book about Wintha, but Lupo raised his hand as he replied, “No, I probably don’t need them anymore. There will probably be more things you need to know in Wintha’s book and you should keep the Swords together, for who knows when we might need them again? Besides, the statues have told me that they will like to go back to sleep at Ca, possibly for the rest of time.” Lupo and Aman, along with the moving statues, set out in the early afternoon, with the group and the troops watching them go. 
Gnat came over to stand by Basha as he said, “Juna says I should go with him, since he’s sort of responsible for me. We’ll be leaving a little while after you.” 
Monika patted him as she said, “It was nice seeing you again, Gnat. We’ll stop by Kiki for sure, when we go back.” 
Basha hugged Gnat and Gnat gave Fato some meat, which greatly endeared the boy to the falcon. Soon, night came once more and then the dawn rose again on the 20th day of Juli and the 149th day of the Great Quest. Basha on Talan, Monika on Deja, Oaka on Joko, Jobe on Quint, Pacaben on Lola and Fato in the sky took off early in the morning, to the southeast. 
Having already said their good-byes, they left with hardly a man awake. The soldiers that were already awake silently clapped and whistled, praising those that they were even now calling the new Knights of Arria.

All of the days of preparation, all of the invitations written, all of the food prepared, all of the money spent, all of the pressure and all of the love had finally came to this day. In the middle of the field beneath Jamen quietly talked to Lom and Dana, Hastin’s parents, just a few moments before the ceremony. 
The Old Man was telling a tale to Sir Nickleby, Ulna the blacksmith, and Geda. Habala sighed and quietly muttered, “This isn’t right, it can’t be. Basha should be by the altar, not that boy Hastin. Oh, I miss them both, my son Oaka and…oh, Basha is my son, even if he’s not from my womb.” 
Sisila was standing among the maids of honor and she too was softly whispering, “Basha’s coming, Jawen should know that. She’ll say no, she will, oh, I hope she will.” 
Meanwhile, in a small tent that had been raised up as a dressing room for the bride, Jawen was even now thinking about what to do. For a long time she had been thinking of Basha for some reason and wondered if she should do this, so soon after she had started to court Hastin. 
Perhaps she should wait, delay the wedding for some months or so. She thought of the guests waiting outside, but they wouldn’t mind waiting for a few months, or so she thought. Perhaps she was too young and foolish to marry Hastin now, but then again, Jawen wasn’t so sure that she was too young. Some of the girls in her village around her age had already married and their marriages were perfect, in most aspects. 
Jawen sighed and then she heard her father, Lapo, yelling, “Jawen! Are you decent? Come out, we must walk down the aisle soon.” 
Jawen grabbed her bouquet and quickly got up to grasp the arm of her father. Joyful music played as Lapo led his daughter between all of the people in Coe Baba and he let go of her and said, “I give away my daughter to Hastin to be his wife.” Hastin accepted Jawen and turned to the priest. 
The priest nodded and murmured, “We come today to behold these two people come together, as it was with Za and Wan, the first man and woman. May those above smile down upon you both in all the days of your lives. This is a sacred thing and thus, it must be treated as so. Hastin, son of Lom and Dana, do you love Jawen with your heart and soul? My son, would you protect her with your life if asked to do so? Will you stay with her and be loyal to her till Loqwa takes you away?”
Hastin replied, “To all of this, I say yes and to Jawen, I ask will you take me?”
The priest nodded and turned to Jawen to ask, “Jawen, daughter of Lapo and Jamen, do you love Hastin with your heart and soul? My daughter, would you protect him with your life if asked to do so? Will you stay with him and be loyal to him till Loqwa takes you away?” Jawen took a deep breath as she finally made her decision…after all, she knew that it was now or never.
 
Three days passed as the group raced across the Wastelands, free from bondage, fear, and battle. For awhile, Basha thought there was no end to the Wastelands, that there was nothing but dirt and mud. 
As they got farther away, they saw grass reaching up amid the dirt and soon a small patch of grass. As the dawn rose, the dirt almost disappeared and they were walking through grass with some flowers here and there. 
Fato, who had been scouting ahead, flew back to them and yelled, “Over here, there is something amazing! Come see, come see!” They followed the falcon and suddenly, in the distance, they saw it, but they kept going to make sure it didn’t disappear. At last, they stopped and all looked up in awe. 
Oaka whispered, “That must be the biggest tree ever.” Indeed, right in the middle of nowhere stood a tree that reached upwards, so high that it almost touched the sky. 
Monika looked around her and exclaimed, “Well, it is amazing, that I’m certain of! It’s been so long since we’ve seen a tree, even if you would count those bare saplings in the Tau Valley! Do you think it is some marker, because this would be a good landmark for Pidaria, a tree in the middle of a wasteland?” 
Pacaben looked around and replied, “That would make sense, but there’s nothing around here, that’s so plain to see. In fact, there’s nothing at all but plains! Where is Pidaria? We should have seen it by now!” 
Meanwhile, Basha slowly approached the tree and looked all about for something, something he didn’t know. Suddenly, he tripped over a root and as he fell forward, he disappeared. The group rushed forward to the spot, when suddenly, a foot materialized out of thin air. Then came a hand and Basha stepped out. 
Oaka came over and stuck his hand in, which immediately appeared to disappear as he whispered, “Some sort of a window or door. It is supposed to be nothing but a mirror image of the world in a way, a disguise. I bet Pidaria’s on the other side!” 
He stepped in and the others followed close behind him. On the other side, they were on a lovely paved road, with trees and gardens all around them and with a supposedly firm stone wall behind them that appeared to circle the city. 
Yet, as Basha turned and stuck his hand in that small spot they came through, it went all the way through. He tried to make his hand go through another part of the wall, but that was just as firm as any other wall. 
Then the group looked up at the sky and saw that the moon was high above and it looked almost as if it was midnight, when it was really a cloudy dawn outside. They headed on and marveled at the beauty of the city beneath the stars and the bright street lamps, of the great fountains and exotic flowers. 
Lined beside the avenues were short, bulky buildings or tall, silvery towers that stretched up into the darkness of the sky, although they didn’t think that Tau’s Cup would be in those buildings. They moved farther away from the wall and entered what appeared to be the center of the city, for there they saw great, golden towers rising high into the heavens, with silvery walkways as thin as thread going from one to another about 100 feet off the ground. There were smaller buildings, but their beauty and architecture was just as equal as it appeared to the friends that walked by. 
Jobe looked about and said, “It’s so serene, there’s no one here. Basha, where do you think we are going?” 
He looked ahead and pointed as he answered, “There, the road ends there. I think that might be the palace.” 
It indeed appeared to be in the shape of a castle, but there was elegance and a majesty that even Coe Kiki could not rival. They at last arrived at the palace to see that someone had flung the doors open, someone expecting them, or so it seemed. 
They walked inside and down long, dark hallways of great splendor and wealth, with wonders beyond anything they had ever seen. Basha led them, looking at all the doors they passed by, but none appeared right. 
Finally, he stopped in front of a plain, oak door and opened it into a golden gallery with a strange light, as the full moon gazed down at them from the glass ceiling. The hall seemed to stretch for half a mile and they still saw no one in sight, not a mouse or man anywhere. 
They walked timidly and quietly, knowing that they weren’t worthy of seeing all of this magnificence. At the end of the great hall, they saw a small table and on this table was something that most certainly had to be Tau’s Cup. 
It was made of gold and engraved on it were symbols of leaves, trees, and flowers. It almost looked like a plain goblet, but there was energy around it, an aura of wonderment. 
Basha looked around and slowly stepped forward as he approached the Cup. He paused and cautiously reached out a hand, wondering what would happen if it didn’t accept him. 
He touched it and shivered, but hastily grabbed it and stepped back, surprising himself by bowing at an unseen presence. In a daze, the group slowly walked back down the great hall and all the way to the palace’s entrance with Basha at the back, holding the Cup. When they finally were outside, they breathed a sigh of relief and started to whisper, as a cold air blew. 
Pacaben looked at it as he said, “That is Tau’s Cup? It almost seemed too easy and I thought…I don’t know, maybe there would be people here to cheer us or something, for doing a good job.” 
Jobe sternly reprimanded him, “Pacaben, you shouldn’t say that! It’s very prideful and it is an honor to even see it, let alone having it given to you.” 
Oaka asked, “Given to us? I assume that’s true, but should we really keep it? What are we going to do with it?” 
Monika answered, “Well, I think we have a small privilege for it, as we must be the new Knights of Arria, but we don’t exactly own it, if that’s hard to believe. First of all, we must use it for good and not for any personal gain.” 
Basha nodded and said, “Yes, that sounds like a good thing to start off with, but what can it do? What did the Master say about that back in Coe Gima?” 
Fato shrugged and said, “It was too long ago for me to remember, but I’m certain it has some powers. Anyway, you should probably be the first to really know, since you are what you are.” 
Basha absently nodded and studied the Cup as they slowly walked through the brick wall. Outside in the Wasteland, they were surprised to find the sun was already setting, so they decided to stay the night by the great tree, which they dubbed the Tree of Life. Basha stowed the Cup inside Talan’s pack for safekeeping and settled down to sleep. 
The next morning they set off on the final part of their journey to head all the way back to Baba by a straight and direct route. It was mainly uneventful, except on the first part of their leg. 
They headed back to Mt. Doomba and left the Wastelands a day later, skirted around Lake Mae and stopped to visit Major Lupo and Private Aman at Ft. Ca on the 26th day of Juli and the 155th day. They toured the grounds of the old fort and looked at the statues that had, just a few days ago, been fighting in the battle, although they had settled down once they were back home and on their stands. 
There were some empty spots from those statues that were broken in the battles, but Aman said, “We’re not sure anybody will believe they ‘died’ in action, or whatever. If anyone remarks, there was some delay and they never got finished.” 
Lupo and Aman, that night, looked over the Cup and Lupo said, “Yes, it does look amazing. It should be good to keep it in the pack like that until you’ve arrived safely at your home, you know, to keep it safe. Although, it probably would be nice to let the people of Kiki marvel at Tau’s Cup for awhile.” The friends set off the next morning as they headed for Kiki, but they said farewell to Aman and Lupo, for perhaps the last time.  
Basha asked Pacaben, “Will you want to stay at Kiki when we leave?” 
Pacaben shrugged and said, “Well, I’m certain there’s nothing really important going on, no quest like this or war for us to fight. King Sonnagh will probably let me continue on with you to your home.”
However, two days later, they learned of the sadness that had happened while they themselves had fought by Mt. Doomba. On the 28th day of Juli, they were quite amazed to enter Kiki to see black flags waving at half-mast from the walls. 
Fato looked about worriedly and said, “I wonder what happened? Pacaben, when do they do such things?” 
Pacaben shrugged and whispered, “I’m not sure, but they sometimes hang those flags at the death of a duke or a lord or the king. I hope it’s nothing, really, not that.” 
Yet, as the gates opened, they could hear soft wailing from all the buildings in Kiki and a small fear filled them. Monika noticed the newly built homes, yet there were still one or two charred remains of homes wherever she looked.
Jobe tapped a woman in black on the shoulder and asked, “My lady, we’ve been gone for awhile. What has happened here?” 
The woman looked up in bafflement and said, “What has happened? Oh, dear, um…I don’t really know exactly. They said that there was some army from the north or so, a fellow had warned them. They attacked Wina, Jawa, and Gima and were coming here. We citizens had been asked to leave. So, we really weren’t here when …oh, my, I’m so sorry.” 
She quickly walked off and wiped her eyes with her handkerchief as the group shivered, but moved on. Finally, they came to the palace and Pacaben nodded at one of the guards, who recognized him and let the knight and his friends in. 
Oaka looked about and said, “It seems awfully quiet, I mean we were here only about a month or so ago and there were so many people. Pacaben, the black flag, could something bad have happened here?” 
Fato looked at the fretting Pacaben and said, “Oaka, I don’t think he wants to answer that question.” Basha sighed and turned and gasped, almost fainting with a hint of fright. Fato turned and yelped at the sight of the lord of Coe Eela, Lord Fobata. 
Jobe turned towards the fat man walking down the hall and remarked, “Hey, you all look as if you’ve seen a ghost.” 
Monika told Pacaben and Jobe, “That man is Fobata and he almost locked us up forever at Eela, perhaps worse, if Gnat hadn’t warned us. I even think he was in league with…you know who.” 
Fobata, clothed in black, was walking slowly and he looked up and gulped at the familiar face of Basha, but then took a deep breath and walked forward. The group slowly eyed the former Follower of the Dark Lord, then cautiously stepped toward him. 
Finally, they both paused and Fobata slowly lowered himself with grunts and groans. Basha glared down at Lord Fobata, sitting on his knees as he raised his hands up in a plea.
He cleared his throat as he said, “Now, I know I’m not a perfect man, perhaps not even a good man. Yet times have changed for me and my life as I once knew it is no more. There was the matter of the servants, but then there was…my younger brother.” 
Oaka stared at him and asked, “You have a younger brother? What sort of brother?” 
Fobata sighed and said, “His name was Goga and he was very ambitious, very strong, a true warrior. He thought himself worthy of inheriting Coe Eela and I suppose he was, but my father believed the oldest should inherit and Goga was very upset at this. 
“A while ago, I sent him out to find you guys when you had escaped and some time later he came back with a small army and attacked Eela. I escaped and headed to the south while he marched to the southwest.” 
The group softly moaned, because even now they could imagine Goga marching to Wina, Jawa, and Gima on his way to his prize, Coe Kiki. Fobata slowly nodded and continued, “Well, I don’t know if I should really tell the rest. Anyway, I guess I’ll take you to Captain Juna or so, since he had been expecting you to come today or tomorrow. I guess it’s peculiar, he was once a servant and now I’m his errand runner, but I suppose I deserve it.” 
Fobata managed to push himself up and he led them on down the twisty halls, and stopped in front of a door that he knocked on forcefully. They heard a voice and Fobata opened it, letting the group go ahead of him. 
It appeared to be a small map room or meeting room and a group of men were gathered around a map of Arria and they all turned to nod at the group. Among them were Juna and Gnat, who smiled at the friends, but the companions had not expected to see Prince Womba there, much less wearing the king’s crown. 
He too was solemn and wearing black, but he nodded at them and some men made space for the group. As they waited for the small meeting of the king and his advisors, Basha turned towards the map and slowly started to trace the long path he had taken on this quest. 
Basha was glad that he had a bigger map to look at in front of him than the small map the Old Man had made especially for him, for now, as Basha stared at it, he could marvel at how far he had gone. However, despite the long journey that had not ended yet, his eyes wandered toward the far side of the map that marked the borders with Pinal, Pakka, and Urgo as he wondered about what he would find if he traveled to those countries. 
This map, in fact, showed far more than that. It stretched on to include the countries of Kiwata, Angora, and Mirandor, as well as some of the Islands on the far eastern side of Salarria. Basha glanced at the Islands, unfamiliar with many of their names and saw that to the east, there were a group of islands forming the country of Aki. Then, south of that, there was one big island known as the country of Powa and farther to the south, there was one last island known only as the Dark Isle, a name that made Basha shiver for some reason.
Finally, King Womba nodded and turned to Pacaben to say, “Well, Juna has told me what has happened and all of those wonderful creatures gave a great amount of credibility to his story. Now, may I see it?” 
Basha nodded and Monika brought forth Tau’s Cup from the pack, which made the men squeeze closer to look at it. One of them, a famous wizard of great power, asked them if he could do a small test, which Monika agreed to. 
The wizard gingerly grasped the Cup and whispered some small words. There was an explosion and the wizard smashed into the wall behind him. 
The crowd rushed forward to help him, but the wizard got up and said, “I’m fine, just dandy in most words. The test I did was to check its defenses and it certainly passed, I don’t there is a force in the world that could destroy Tau’s Cup! In my opinion, this is a very powerful instrument of magic and could be considered as the Cup.” Everyone cheered and congratulated Basha on the success of his quest, although a few asked Womba if the king should own it in truth. 
King Womba shrugged and replied, “Basha found it, so he can do whatever he wants with it. However, if you ever want to, there is a home here for this holy relic.” 
Basha nodded and assured King Womba, “One day, perhaps after my death, you or your descendant shall be given the Cup, as it is your birthright as King of Arria.” 
There were several balls and ceremonies held during the 10 days that the group spent in Coe Kiki, all of which honored them as the Knights of Arria. Most people in the crowds gave their congratulations and flocked around them, overwhelming Basha since he was unable to handle the attention. 
At the first ball, Jobe the bard smiled when many noblewomen crowded around to hear his tale, some of whom had dismissed his sweet words many weeks ago. However, when one lady asked him to recite a poem, the bard bowed and cleared his throat as they waited patiently. 
Jobe lifted his chin and cried, “I have met barmaids, innkeeper daughters, and wives; they are wonderful women despite their plain lives; yet you all scorned me as a peasant man; but now as a celebrity you have all lifted the ban; It seems to me that noblewomen have a weakness; they are raised to be biased and brainless; it is impossible for me to blame them and call them social leeches, always around to suck up the prominence of acquaintances.” 
The noblewomen gasped and glared at Jobe, looking like they wished to tear him to pieces, but the bard was already safe within the crowd of the group. Pacaben couldn’t help chortling as he slapped Jobe on the back, congratulating him for his truthful words, although the bard kept asking if the ladies were still staring at him. 
Pacaben glanced at the noblewomen and sighed as he muttered, “Jobe, I don’t think they’re likely to forget your words for quite some time. Stick close to us, we’ll make sure they won’t hurt you. Next time, please try to silence your social criticism unless you’re not in the same room as the people that you’re insulting.”
Jobe shrugged and murmured, “My goodness, thank you for the advice. I don’t know the first thing about condemning other people. By the way, I don’t think all noblewomen are like those ladies. I’m certain that Lady Lika is a pleasant woman.”
Pacaben grinned and exclaimed, “Of course I knew you weren’t insulting my beloved! If I had thought that you were including Lika in your little critical poem, I would have left you to the mercy of the noblewomen in a heart-beat!”
Meanwhile, other people that participated in the celebration were perhaps a little hesitant to accept the heroes, considering that these weren’t the heroes they would have expected and some in the crowds were too busy dealing with their own affairs to pay much attention to the Knights. Lord K was present at all of these balls, but he tried not to pay much heed to this hero. 
While Peri was off kissing the pregnant Plin or happily trying to talk unsuccessfully with Basha and the others, Lord K sat in the corner and stared at his son Peri, the traitor. Meanwhile, he swore to himself that the boy called Basha would pay for what he had done to Lord Doomba. Nearby, Papia embraced his father Lord Zokla, who had returned just a few days ago from the retreat of most of the courtiers when they had heard of Goga’s approach. 
Now, the father and son parted as Zokla queried, “You seem quite healthy, probably felt quite excited to engage the enemy, although did you behave well? I am certain you know that I engaged your cousin Ompa to keep watch over you. Shall I have to speak to him about any bad behavior from you?” 
Papia blinked and nearly frowned, but he quickly feigned a look of indifference as he wondered what to do. He had known about all of this, of course, which had made him resent Ompa all the more while his father was gone, considering that he was 21 years old and thought himself to be given all of the respect of an adult. Yet, with everything he felt, such hatred perhaps came from another source. But he sighed as he silently told himself that what he would say now was the truth. 
Papia shook his head and told Zokla, “You do not have to speak to Ompa, for I never saw him much. He came to visit me at first, but then I don’t know what happened. He hasn’t spoken to me for a long time and he started acting strangely. 
“I can’t say why, but I think something has happened to change him in this time. Perhaps he feels despair from the loss of his father and his grandfather, yet I fear that this despair may be quite desperate and the only way for him to emerge from such despair is to deal with everything alone.”
Zokla gasped and sadly shook his head, sorrowful that his nephew might feel such pain, but he understood in his own way. After all, goodness and evil could rise from such despair, in the way of men, but a man would deal with such despair in his life and it was always best for him to deal with it alone to make his decision. 
Meanwhile, despite all of the troubles with these lords, the group was unaware and enjoyed themselves in these festivities. On the first day they were there, a messenger was sent out and Lupo and Aman came on the 4th day there. 
Then, the king awarded Major Lupo the rank of Colonel after his long years of service and his most recent task. Private Aman became a Lieutenant, while Captain Juna was soon appointed as Major Juna. 
Fato was given an award of honor for being a loyal royal messenger, rescuing the group from poisoning, helping them escape from Wilama, helping Monika in her attempt to escape Coe Doomba and contributing a large force of birds in the final battle at Mt. Doomba. Fato was quite happy with his award, glad that someone at least recognized all that he had done, as the group chuckled amongst each other. 
Fato scowled at them and asked, “What’s wrong with all of you? Are you all laughing at me?”
Oaka managed to stifle his laughter as he answered, “Fato, oh no, you mistake us. You might say that we’re laughing with you, yes, that is what we are doing.”
Fato cocked his head and screeched, “Laughing with me! I’m not laughing at all and I can’t believe that you’re all daft enough to think that I would fall for such a lame excuse!”
Monika grinned and petted Fato as she explained, “Fato, we are proud of your medals, that’s why we are laughing! Just think of the poor fellows out in this world that will never receive medals. I’m certain that you are laughing at them in your heart. However, we cannot allow you to embarrass yourself by cackling madly like you are insane, so we will laugh at those poor fellows for you.”
Fato frowned, but he shrugged and purred softly as he used his wings to adjust his medal. The falcon paraded himself in front of the group and hardly paid attention when Jobe fell on the floor, collapsed from laughing so hard. 
Gnat, Oaka, Monika, Jobe, Juna and other leaders in the battle received some of the greatest medals Arria could give, but Basha surpassed them all. A special medal was given that had been made especially for him, as he was given the honor of being called a defender of Arria, and the whole crowd of people in the great throne room bowed to him. Basha was awed by all of this and several times, he wondered if this was nothing but a dream. 
 
Chapter 21: A Strange Homecoming
On the first day of Augat, and on the 165th day of the Great Quest, a final ceremony was held at dawn in memorial for all of those who died in the Battle of Doomba and the Siege of Kiki, especially King Sonnagh and Jumha. After the ceremony, the group wandered outside to their horses, for it was time to continue onward and leave the rest of their friends behind. 
All of the packs had been supplied and reloaded onto the horses that patiently waited, while the courtiers of the castle came outside to say farewell. Basha and his friends received King Womba’s blessing before they bade him farewell, although the king did inquire as to why Sir Pacaben and Fato were leaving with the others when Coe Kiki was their home.
Fato ruffled his feathers and squawked, “Your Majesty, the reason is quite simple, seeing as how we are both true members of this quest. Thus, we must see the final end of the quest, which means going to Coe Baba to be present when Basha gives Tau’s Cup to his beloved.”
However, Sir Pacaben told them, “I hope to come back soon. I have talked with Lady Lika since my return a few times and she is quite wonderful! Upon my return, perhaps we will have some sort of formal courtship, before we give any more thoughts to the future.” 
Basha and Oaka chuckled, slapping Pacaben on the back as they congratulated him and Jobe shrugged as he fiddled with his harp strings again. Fato, however, moved closer to Monika, for he could tell that she was feeling a little depressed for herself, although she said not a word as she smiled for Pacaben’s sake about his courtship. As Basha mounted Talan, he sighed and smiled at Monika, who had been the only person he danced with at all of the balls. 
Basha asked her, “Do you think we’ll ever see each other again, when all of this is done with?” 
Monika managed to mount her horse as she answered, “Who knows what the future will bring? Someday, I’m certain we will see each other, perhaps not everyone, but almost. What will you do?” 
Basha sighed and said, “I guess I will settle down with Jawen, maybe not leave Baba for the rest of my life, although I don’t know. I don’t think anyone would be willing to settle for a boring life after all of this. Perhaps she will let me have an adventure someday, but I wouldn’t count on it. What about you?” 
Monika looked up at the sky and answered, “I have been away from the desert for several years now. I suppose I must accept my duty and take my place as Kai of the Zariens. The desert is a really beautiful place, even though it is harsh. I have missed it for so long.” 
Basha looked at her sitting there, with the wind rustling her hair and he wished for a moment that he didn’t have to go back to Baba and Jawen. He wondered if the desert was as wonderful as she said it was, but he didn’t care, for any place would be divine if Monika was there. 
For the first time ever, Basha realized that he loved her, but perhaps he had always loved her ever since the first time he had seen her at the inn, beating up Oaka. Still, he could not…Jawen was still in Coe Baba, waiting for him and the Cup, so how could he just leave her like that? Basha sighed to himself, thinking of the hard decisions he must face that would decide his future.
Speaking of Oaka, Basha’s thoughts were interrupted by Oaka yelling, “Basha! Come on, I can’t wait to see Sisila’s face!” 
Basha sighed and kicked Talan, sending the horse in a gallop. Basha looked all around to see Fato in the sky, Pacaben on Lola, Jobe on Quint, Oaka on Joko and Monika on Deja. He smiled and thought that this was like the old days, when there was hardly a care in the world as they set off on their quest and Pidaria had been nothing more than a distant dream. 
Still, the dream was a reality and so much more had happened since that time, they knew. They had received so much that reminded them of that fact. In the packs, he could hear the rattle of the medals and in his pack, he could feel the presence of Tau’s Cup. 
Now, they had done the impossible and become legends in their own right, the new Knights of Arria. All that was left for them to do was to go home and for Basha, that was the sweetest word he had heard in a long time. 
Then, Jobe started strumming a merry tune on his harp, but luckily Pacaben and Oaka jumped in on the tune before the bard could sing. Fato warbled a note and they laughed at him a little, as Oaka grabbed a few apples from his pack and started to juggle them over his head. 
Monika shouted, “Oh, you old fools, stop acting so silly! We still have a long way to go, do you not know, Coe Baba isn’t exactly over the next hill!” 
Oaka chortled and cried, “Oh yes, we are an old and odd bunch of fools, fools that think we know so much! There’s a man that is supposed to make his living by singing, but he can hardly carry a note! 
“That falcon there is supposedly the bird of kings, but he doesn’t always act so dignified! The knight here was supposed to kiss the girl, but she just slapped him right back! 
“The girl that slapped the knight once punched me hard in a brawl fight, but now she’s really starting to act like a woman! My brother, for I can still call Basha that, probably has a bigger part to play in this world, but all he wants to do is give Tau’s Cup to another girl that didn’t love him much! 
“I am the biggest fool of all, in fact, for I have been nothing but a joke, even when I was nearly eaten by Sheba the dragon! Perhaps I can also be called a fool for the fact that, even though I have seen so much of the world, all I want is to go kiss my love! 
“Oh yes, I have also just realized that I have insulted you all so very much, so punch me if you want to do so, but just remember that we are all a bunch of old fools!” 
The group laughed and shook their heads, not caring all that much to punch Oaka, as they continued to ride on for the rest of the day.

The wind rustled through the trees, a cool, refreshing wind of sweet, earthy smells. A leaf of pale gold fluttered on the branch and started to fall gently toward the ground. 
A chipmunk rushed past the leaf and stuffed a nut into his mouth, so he could carry it off to his store in a tree trunk. He looked up into the distant fields of tall wheat, where humans slowly walked about, just starting the yearly harvest. The chipmunk played no more heed and rushed up the trunk of a tree of the Mila Forest. 
Habala stood up and wiped her forehead as she said, “With some luck, I suppose the wheat harvest will be done in a week or so. We better hurry, though, I feel the coming of Sna.” 
In the next field, Geda raised his head and said, “Never fear, with everybody working like this, we’ll be done soon. Are Jawen and Hastin here?” 
In another field, Jamen raised her head and yelled back, “Hastin’s working beside my husband and I, but Hastin says our daughter Jawen is busy in the kitchen.” 
Silence came again as the rest of the townspeople went back to work, although other people besides Jawen weren’t working out there in the fields. Ulna the blacksmith was hammering iron into a reaper, old Sir Nickleby was busy teaching some kids the art of the sword, Sisila was staring outside her window and the Old Man was taking a nap before the children came over to hear his tales. 
At the same time, a farmer’s son was heading from his small farm to Coe Baba’s market to sell some donkeys. As he was walking along the trail, he slowly started to whistle and for a moment, he paid no heed to the world around him. 
Suddenly, he heard the frantic braying of the donkeys he was leading and he led them off the road as he watched some horses ride by in awe. A horseman paused and turned back to him and the farmer’s son realized that the horseman was no older than he was. 
The young man on the horse asked, “Baba is straight ahead, right?” 
The farmer’s son nodded and said, “Yes, sir, it’s down that road. Sir, may I ask what brings you here?” 
The man sighed and said, “I’m just on my way home, that’s all.” 
The young boy frowned as the group headed past him, although the farmer’s son couldn’t help staring at the swords they had on their belts. It was Octabor 2nd, the second month of Havin, and it was now the 240th day of the Great Quest, the final day. 
Basha looked back at the farmer’s son and said, “Must be on the way to market or so. Anyway, when we get there, everyone will probably be harvesting, so they won’t see us until they come home.” 
Pacaben looked around and commented, “This looks like a lovely place to raise a family. Perhaps that is why your mother stopped here.” Basha nodded and rubbed his mother’s locket, which wasn’t so mysterious anymore. 
Oaka laughed as he pointed ahead and yelled, “The old birch tree! That’s where the courtship was and where you made that promise, Basha!” 
Basha thoughtfully said, “Only about 6 months ago, but it seems almost like a whole other lifetime.” Oaka nodded and Monika looked around and smiled as she thought of a little Basha running through the fields. They reached the town and stopped at ‘the Smiling Stallion’, where Basha and Oaka both went to knock at the door. 
Nobody answered and Jobe said, “I guess we’ll have to wait here for awhile.” 
A door slammed open down the street and a woman shouted, “Oaka? Oh my, Oaka!” 
Oaka raced toward the house down the street as he yelled, “Sisila, oh, I’m never leaving again!” 
The group rushed forward and smiled at the sight of Oaka and Sisila embracing in the middle of town’s street. Sisila shook Basha’s hand and smiled, while Oaka introduced her to Pacaben, Jobe, Fato and Monika. 
Sisila welcomed them all as Basha turned to her and said, “Is Jawen home? I got it, Sisila, and I want to show it to her!” Basha took out Tau’s Cup from his pack and Sisila examined it carefully, so as to delay what she had to tell Basha. 
She sighed and said, “Yes, she’s at home, but…” However, Basha rushed off, still clutching the Cup, and didn’t let her finish. Sisila kept calling to him, but Basha didn’t hear as he ran down the street. 
Pacaben asked Sisila, “Excuse me, but is there something wrong here? Why were you yelling at him?”
Sisila sighed and cried a little as she explained, “Oh, it’s hard for me to tell you. Everyone thought you both wouldn’t make it, Oaka, you and Basha. 
“Robbers, demons, snowstorms, there were so many reasons why they thought the quest wouldn’t succeed! I never gave up, but it was hard, everyone thought I was…I don’t know, crazy, maybe I was crazy for a while! 
“Oaka, they even held a funeral and both of your gravestones are in the graveyard! Oaka, that’s not even the worst of it. You see, Jawen…do you know Hastin? They courted each other for about a month or so and back in Juli…they got married.” 
Meanwhile, Basha smiled as he looked at Jawen’s door and remembered that day about a year ago when Jawen told him that she would love him when Mt. Doomba turned to ice. 
He laughed a little as he stood there and still staring at the door, he whispered, “Well, Mt. Doomba turned to ice some months ago, so do you love me?” 
At last, he tossed aside that thought and knocked on the door with one hand as he clutched the Cup with the other, like the bouquet he held then. He waited for a moment as he heard footsteps running for the door. 
Jawen was surprised to hear the knock, for she had thought that Hastin would be home much later, but she dropped her spoon that she had been using to cook in the kitchen and had rushed to the door. Basha smiled as Jawen opened the door and stared at him like he was a ghost. 
Jawen quickly hid the hand with her wedding ring as Basha said, “Jawen, it’s so good to see you after so long. I’m sorry I had to leave, but I did it!” 
Jawen gasped as he showed it to her, the legendary Tau’s Cup, the ancient relic in which the myths had said was used to make the very first humans. For a moment, Jawen forgot about everything as Basha gave her the Cup and the power of it overwhelmed her. 
Basha smiled at her awe, then turned to the left to see Oaka and the others racing down the street. He turned towards the right and saw Hastin whistling as he walked down the street, probably going back to Lom and Dana’s house. 
Oaka reached the stoop and said, “Basha, listen, I’m sorry, but…” Basha didn’t hear and pulled them all in and shut the door. 
He tapped Jawen on the shoulder as he said, “Jawen, here’s some friends I want you to meet! See, his name is Pacaben, that is Jobe, here is Monika and the falcon is Fato.” 
Jawen snapped back to attention and smiled at them all, although she paused as she saw Monika, but forgot about her for a moment when she was surprised to discover that the falcon could talk. 
Oaka sighed and turned to Basha as he said, “Basha, please, Sisila told me something you should know about…” However, he was interrupted by the doorbell ringing and everyone silently turned to the door and Jawen. 
Everyone except Basha, for although he was surprised that the door had rang now, he just said, “I suppose that’s your mother, Jawen, I’ll get it.” Everyone cried out, especially Jawen and Sisila, but Basha opened the door and there stood a smiling Hastin. 
Hastin’s smile dissolved as he noticed the crowd in the front room and said, “Jawen, what is this? Are we having guests for dinner?” Then, Hastin saw Basha standing right in front of him and gasped as he took a step back. 
Basha stepped forward and asked, “Hastin, what are you doing here?” Hastin and Jawen silently turned their heads to the ground and said nothing. 
Sisila came up to Basha and told him, “Basha, everyone thought that you and Oaka were dead, there was even a funeral. Geda, Habala, Sir Nickleby and Jawen all thought this. Deep down, there was some small hope that you could be out there, but they subdued that as time went by. Jawen did not believe the hope she felt and courted Hastin for some time. Several months ago, Juli 20th to be exact, it happened.” 
Basha looked at Jawen, who slowly lifted up her right hand and exposed the ring and when Basha turned to Hastin, he saw that he had the same. Basha sighed and looked at them all as silence descended upon everyone. 
Finally, he turned to Jawen and told her, “Whatever has happened can’t be changed, now or ever. I hope, Jawen, that you’ll be happy with your life with Hastin. He’s a good man, he’ll never leave you, and I have had only a taste of the world outside. 
“There’s so much more out there and I want to see it all. I don’t know if you or I will regret the choice you’ve made, but we can no longer be anything more than friends, and even then, perhaps not that. I don’t blame you for what you did, but there is one thing I wish to ask of you: did you ever really consider a life with me forever?” 
Jawen sighed and said, “It’s difficult to explain how the heart and the mind coexists to create certain feelings. Perhaps once I loved you and perhaps I still love you, even though I shouldn’t because of my Hastin. 
“A year from now, maybe longer, I will know for certain if I ever felt some feeling…if it wasn’t the Cup that just attracted me to you. Who knows what would have happened if I had said no to Hastin at the altar? 
“Anyway, what you said was true that there’s nothing that could change this, but Basha…don’t linger. Try to forget, for that is what I must do, and there are hundreds of women out there…one day, maybe tomorrow, you will find the love of your life. 
“You only promised yourself to me because you did not know what the world was like, but now you know. Make the right decision, like I did with Hastin.” 
Basha nodded as he saw Hastin and Jawen smile at each other. When all was silent again, Basha headed out the front door, and was soon followed by Pacaben, Jobe, Fato, Oaka, Monika and Sisila. 
Basha turned to Pacaben and Fato as he said, “I’m sorry you came all this way and…oh, well. Like we said, there’s nothing that could have changed this.” 
Jobe shrugged and said, “It’s okay, really, I bet we’ll have fun meeting your family. Hey, Pacaben, did Basha not tell us about an old man named Sir Nickleby living here?” 
Sir Pacaben smiled and said, “Yes, he did, and I bet he’s got some good stories. He was one of the greatest knights ever, as I recall! Anyway, it will be good to sit back and relax a few days before heading back. What will you do, Jobe?” 
Jobe looked around and replied, “I may stay up in this region for awhile, maybe go to Dobila or Anji. I bet the people in the Hills could use some cheer after the miserable time they had with Goga trampling all about. There’s a lot to do.” 
Fato laughed and said, “You? Doing a lot? All you do is sing and be merry! Pacaben and me, we’ve got some real work to do! He has to defend all of you and I have to send messages! I’ll follow him down to Kiki to keep him company whenever he leaves.” 
Oaka laughed and said, “Keep him company? Oh, Pacaben, I feel sorry for you, having to spend all that time listening to nothing except Fato’s ramblings!” Fato tried to launch himself on Oaka, but Basha and Monika grabbed hold of him, while Sisila shielded Oaka. 
Sisila laughed and said, “Oh, you guys! I can just imagine that the whole trip was like this! Anyway, Geda and Habala and everyone else will be here soon. I’m certain they’ll all welcome you, since you did help Basha and Oaka. Anyway, Oaka, can we go someplace else for a moment?” 
Oaka nodded and smiled at Basha as he followed Sisila. Pacaben, Jobe and Fato went off to look around the town, leaving Basha and Monika all alone. 
Basha gazed all around and murmured, “Baba hasn’t changed a bit since I left, not counting Jawen. I sure missed it dearly and I’ll miss it again.” 
Monika looked at him and asked, “Basha, what do you mean? You’re going to leave again?” 
Basha shrugged and responded, “Two weeks, perhaps even a month from now, I’ll think about leaving when I get restless. Mother and father will understand and I’ll come visit them if I ever come by their way, which I’ll try to do. 
“I don’t know what I’ll do if I had to spend the rest of my life in this town watching Jawen and Hastin…still, they’ll be happy. I’ll miss Oaka though, since he’ll never want to leave Sisila again, that I know. Anyway, I know the perfect place to go after all of this.” 
Monika nodded and asked, “That sounds lovely, but where is it?” 
Basha gave a little smile as he answered, “Someone once told me that the desert is so beautiful, with the hot wind blowing across the sand that is as old as time. There would be one more thing that would make it all special, darling.” 
Monika raised her eyebrows and said, “Basha, are you saying what I think you’re saying?” 
Basha took Monika by the shoulders and said, “I’ll go to the end of the world and into the darkness beyond it all if you were with me, Monika. Will you have me?” 
Monika reached up and kissed him softly as she replied, “Basha, you know the answer to that. We were made for each other. I will gladly take you to be mine forever. Come on, I think I see some people coming.” 
Basha nodded and they walked off, hand in hand, towards the horizon, where a large group of townspeople were already laughing and embracing Oaka. Habala looked up at Basha and happily laughed, as Basha rushed into her open arms. 

Leagues away, Havin brought a heavier burden upon the peaks of the Popo Hills. Snow covered most of the mountains now and most of the trees, where they were gathered, had lost all of their leaves to the wind that swept through the highland. 
There was a small hill in the middle of this cold land, near Lake Tri, that stood bare, with nothing but dirt and a few shoots of grass. Yet there was something more to this hill than meets the eye. 
A man from Coe Giga had come here, seeking help and advice, as he climbed up the slope and looked around, until he managed to find a hole. The hole was barely big enough for a man and was hard to discern from the rest of the hill for some reason, but the man of Giga managed to wiggle inside. 
There were small steps, leading downward, and he followed them until he reached a small room. Iron hooks were placed all over the walls and these hooks held a vast assortment of herbs, flowers, bones, skins, charms, and various odds and ends that had been tossed on for some reason. The man turned and gasped as he saw an old man, sitting at a small table eating some soup, and the old man looked up to stare at this stranger. 
The younger man managed to whisper, “Are…are you the hermit known as Yaggee?” 
The old man, or Yaggee, simply nodded, as the other man smiled and exclaimed, “Oh, I have heard so much about you from my friends. They said I should come to you if I had a problem! Listen, Yaggee, I need…there is a woman that I adore, I worship her, yet she just ignores me and drools about some big, muscle-bound fool! What do you suggest to solve the problem?” 
Yaggee growled and stood up as he looked at the hooks on the wall. He nodded and took a necklace, then grabbed a small bag full of oddly shaped leaves. 
Yaggee waved the necklace and informed him, “Now, this is a very special charm that is guaranteed to make the women fall for you, and I’m certain that this lady you love will be attracted. However, if that does not work….” 
Yaggee waved the bag of leaves as he continued, “then you must use this. First, you grind up the leaves until it becomes a white power, which you must sprinkle into a drink to give to this muscle-bound fool. It is odorless and leaves no trace, so that no one will ever be able to guess how he mysteriously died. Well, those are your two choices…which will it be?” The other man stared at these things, bewildered, and then looked up at Yaggee in horror. 
The other man took a deep breath and inquired, “Have…have other people chosen to take both, when they come to you with a demand like this?” 
Yaggee smiled and chuckled as he replied, “Of course, they always take both items, just to be on the safe side! The leaves, as you know, will be the final resort. Never fear, you’ll get the lady.” 
The other man nodded and shouted, “Thank you for all of your trouble, I’ll tell everyone to come to you!” 
The man smiled as he walked up the steps and out of the hole as he took off with the necklace and the bag of leaves, humming a happy song. Yaggee watched the man go, thinking about other misfortunes. Other people had taken both items, when faced with those choices, but there were always bad outcomes. 
Yaggee almost cackled as he thought of this, then went back to his soup. He was slowly eating it all, wondering about how others were spending their time now, when he looked down at the soup. The soup was yellowish-grayish and was a little shadowy, yet even Yaggee could see the reflection of the smiling skull helmet that he had started to associate with Lord Doomba. Yaggee had been a Follower of Doomba for roughly 40 years now, since the first day he had settled in this hill as a hermit. 
Yaggee had, in the past, dozens of visions of Doomba in mirrors, water, and anything that could give a reflection. However, as Yaggee looked at the skull helmet, he had the feeling that this seemed to be just a shadow of a vision, for it felt like nothing except a memory. 
Suddenly, as he stared into the soup, he saw smoke and fire in the reflection. The sounds of battle could be heard, but it slowly faded away to nothing more than the clashing of swords. Yaggee peered close as the reflection drew away to show Doomba fighting with a young man of 16 on top of Mt. Doomba. 
Yaggee stared at the reflection in horror as he saw the swords clash with the young man holding the Black Sword. Then the young man stepped back to the edge of the volcano so that Doomba was tricked by the young man and fell in. Yaggee covered his eyes and felt like screaming as the vision faded away from his soup. 
Finally, he opened his eyes and took a deep breath as he whispered, “It was a memory. Doomba has fallen now, and the lion of light has triumphed. What shall I do now?” 
Yaggee looked around, growling as he realized how dark this cave was, how dirty, dusty, and horrible! How could he have wasted his years here, doing nothing for the cause of evil except ruining a few lives. He had to get out of here! 
He muttered to himself as he grabbed a leather sack and stuffed it full of clothes and food, and then he tied the sack up and slung it onto his back. Yaggee managed to trudge up the stone steps of his cave and groaned as he stepped into the sunlight for the first time in 10 years. Finally, he was able to see and started to look around at the landscape, noting to himself that it was slightly cold, so it must be Havin, although he could not guess the month or day. 
As Yaggee stood there, a wind rushed by and for a brief moment, Yaggee thought he heard a voice in the wind whisper, “Go now to Kiki, for the sake of Doomba. Your destiny will be there.” 
Yaggee looked around and frowned, wondering if this was a figment of his imagination, but then again, stranger things had happened. I mean, he had visions in soup, for goodness sake! Yaggee smiled and cackled at the thought, thinking how odd it all truly was, as he walked down the hill towards the south and the distant city of Kiki. 
Faraway in Coe Wana, in a garden on the castle grounds, Lord Pavga, Chihon, and Ikla watched as the boys were playing. Bolo wasn’t much in the mood for playing and was eating a big cookie stolen from the kitchens, as Ikla sadly shook his head at the thought of his grandson becoming fat. However, on the other side of the garden, Hamil and Cica were fighting each other like regular brothers did, although Chihon frowned at his sons. 
Chihon growled and exclaimed, “Such fighting cannot be good. They are the future for our family when it comes to facing the kings of Arria! However, I must admit that it seems like everything is ruined, with the news that Goga failed to conquer Kiki. They will surely send men to investigate you, father, since you gave your soldiers to the man!”
Pavga growled and yelled, “Ah, don’t worry. They’ll probably keep a watch on me, but I already am useless in my old age! Don’t fear, Chihon. I will make sure to keep suspicion as far from you as possible to protect the futures of yourself and your sons!”
Chihon nodded and said, “I thank you, father, but I also have other concerns. When they investigate you, do you think we might give the name of Lord K?”
Ikla scowled and replied, “Look, I know Lord K is an arrogant idiot, but he’s still family! I mean, he’s my stepbrother and your father’s brother, your uncle. We can’t choose our relatives and we can’t betray them. 
“In a way, perhaps Goga has done such things, betraying his family, and not only when dealing with his brother. Besides, in the scheme of things, Lord K might succeed in getting the throne where we fail, but that doesn’t matter when it’s for the memory of Doomba.”
Chihon smiled and laughed as he shouted, “That’s the point of everything right now! You are an idiot to use the memory of Doomba as your excuse why we cannot save ourselves! The memory of Doomba isn’t worth much nowadays. Doomba is dead and now we have to grab all of the power that is possible, which is exactly why we should crush Lord K!”
Ikla shook his head and muttered, “Chihon, perhaps we should not speak like this. It is true that Basha has destroyed Doomba, but we have never told you that he died, right? 
“No, not even we know everything of Doomba’s secrets, but we know that for years, he has been planning for the coming of the lion of light. Perhaps he found a way to preserve his spirit or so, but in any case, I hardly think that he is dead yet. Destroyed, certainly, but sometimes I can still feel that he is out here, somewhere.”
Pavga nodded and informed him, “Yes, I know what you mean, Ikla. Sometimes the feeling is just a flash now and then, weak though it is, but I can still feel Doomba. That is also another reason, Chihon, why we cannot deal with Lord K. Doomba, in his various messages, often hinted at the possibilities of his heir for whenever the lion of light would destroy him. 
“We have received no sign yet that we are the heirs. Perhaps Lord K might be the heir, even if we hate him, since he is the first in our bloodline. I mean no offense to you, Ikla, but you have always been just our stepbrother.” 
Ikla snarled and waved his hand as he told them, “Ah, such a comment is nothing to me, since I am too old to care anymore and certain to die in good time. The only thing that is important to me now is to be sure that all of us, the lords of this conspiracy, will be able to preserve ourselves in order to make sure that we will inherit the throne. 
“For everyone says that soon they will declare the start of a New Age. And though the kings and queens will still be praised and honored throughout all lands in this Age, I believe that now is the time where the lords and ladies can make the most impact. 
“Lords will affect the course of history by defying or defending the kings. Certainly, the lords like us might destroy ourselves if we compete against each other, but such competition can lead to survival of the strongest. 
“Before this New Age is over, I declare that kings will fall, other noblemen will rise to the high position of lord, rebellions will take place, wars will be fought and all of this will happen while evil and good continue to fight. Perhaps, the great mysteries of the world may even be solved. Perhaps other great powers will rise to decide our fate.”
Pavga and Chihon gaped at Ikla and then the father and son glanced at each other, certain that Ikla was sounding quite insane. Ikla, however, didn’t even consider how they thought about his words for he was already deep in pondering what the future might bring. Suddenly, Cica started crying when Hamil hit on the head and Chihon groaned softly, mumbling about his sons. 
Finally, Chihon raised his head and whispered, “Someday, if I don’t keep an eye on them, I bet they’re going to kill each other!”
Pavga chuckled grimly and roared, “Well, at least that will keep them on their toes! Competition can sometimes be good, you know, especially when it comes to seeking the throne of Arria! Besides, it’s just an exaggeration. Even though Goga and Fobata hated each other, they never came close to killing each other before Goga’s death!” 
Chihon stared at Pavga and Ikla as the two old men started laughing, but then Chihon just moaned and buried his face in his arms. Such words didn’t cheer him up at all, especially since they had just spoken of Goga’s betrayal of his brother and everyone knew just how close Goga came to killing Fobata during the rebellion.

Lord K sighed softly and looked out his window, but there was not a gruelmoff to be seen and there had not been one for many days. It seemed as if it was true, that Doomba had been defeated once and for all. 
Lord K headed back to his bed to lie down, exhausted after a long day. So far, it appeared that Womba had no idea about being a ruler and therefore would probably need guidance from his new advisor, Lord K himself, which was to the best. 
Several times, Fobata almost appeared to want to tell the king not to trust him, but there was no evidence to show that this was true. Lord K, in that brief moment as he lied on the bed, considered giving it all up. 
Goga had been defeated, but Doomba was gone now and Lord K was a little fearful about attempting to make any plot without the support of the Dark Lord. He himself was getting pretty old and felt he would die soon and Peri, that light-hearted son of his, could never go on performing the same duties his father had done. 
Lord K groaned and looked around, but there was no one, so he decided to settle himself for a nap. Suddenly, as he was about to sleep, he thought he heard something. He sat up and scanned the room, but there was no person around. 
Yet, the sound grew stronger and finally, almost faintly he heard, “Lord K, Lord K, Kotak, your master is calling you.” Lord Kotak, for that was the true identity of Lord K, looked around as his heart leaped for joy. 
Kotak whispered, “Master, your servant hears and will come at your beckon.”
Then, the whisper sadly said, “Kotak, I fear I am weak. It may be hundreds, perhaps a thousand years or more before I have the strength to rise up again. This will probably be my final message to you, so listen well.” 
Lord Kotak sighed and whispered, “My lord, I understand. Speak quickly, my master, so you may conserve power.” 
The whisper continued, “Kotak, there is no one left that is brave enough to be my successor except you, and I trust you. I see all that is in your heart, I see all of the blackness. You are truly worthy.
“I call upon you to perform your duties to the utmost potential that you have. Yet I know of your ignorance, of how much power you have locked inside you. An old man will come to you soon, an old man named Yaggee, who will teach you everything you need to know. 
“Wait for him, my servant, and as a gift from me I give you more power. To even dare challenge the kingdom and the Knights of Arria, you must have more power. Use it well, for it comes from me, but I don’t know what you must pay for this power.”
Kotak held still as suddenly, a presence came into him and filled him with energy, as you might say. He felt as if he was 30 again and that he was still in his prime, for his brain was working faster as all of the aches were gone, all of the pain! He felt he could live another 50 years like this when he was 65 years old, for goodness sake! Kotak slowly got up, overwhelmed by all that had happened. 
Lord Kotak whispered, “Oh, Dark Lord, I thank you with all of my heart!” 
The whisper did not answer and Kotak realized that Doomba was gone, maybe forever. Kotak gave a relaxed sigh and settled down to sleep. Tomorrow would be another trying day, but at least there was a sense of purpose.

The wind sang softly as it rushed by and grains of sand leaped into the air to form a hazy cloud. Basha, wrapped in a long white robe suitable for the climate, breathed in the air and found it to his liking. 
He laughed softly and looked around the desert land, seeing not a tree in sight and felt that it was odd, yet wonderful. There was beauty, yet he could see that the desert could kill you if you were not strong enough or brave enough, but Basha was ready to meet whatever the desert had to offer. 
Monika rode up to him on Deja, with a strange desert creature called a camel carrying their packs and water bags. Monika smiled at him as she touched her hair, done up in the customary braids of a married woman of Coe Baba as Basha touched her ring on his necklace, right beside his mother’s locket. 
They had gotten married deep in the heart of winter, with the whole town present with Oaka and Sisila smiling and holding hands in the crowd. That was back a month ago or more and it was now the first of Markee, the first day of the year 2682 DA, although some insisted on calling it the 1st year of the New Age. 
Basha and Monika were setting off to go and live with Monika’s tribe in the desert, where she would claim her place as Kai of the tribes. It had been a tearful farewell with everyone for Basha, especially with Oaka, Habala, and Geda. 
Basha just shook Jawen’s hand and she nodded slowly, but soon went off to her husband, Hastin. Sisila thanked him once more for keeping her husband safe, since she and Oaka were married several days after Basha. Basha promised all of them that once Monika had taken her place, he might visit them in a year or so. 
Basha sighed and looked to Monika as he told her, “This is perhaps one of the best places I have ever seen on my travels. Will I be accepted?” 
Monika laughed and said, “Basha, you are the sweetest man ever, of course they will all love you! Come on, we have a few hours until the sun sets.” 
Basha got up on Talan’s back and led him behind Monika. Monika smiled and set Deja and the camel off at a trot, with Basha and Talan following her and soon, they all disappeared past the sand dunes.
The
End


Coming soon: The Lion and the Kirna 2002
Basha went up to J’hia and said, “They had to have left tracks. Where are they so that we can hunt them down before they get away?” 
J’hia helplessly shrugged and replied, “Basha, they have already gotten away. The tracks are at the edge of camp there, yes, but look at those clouds up there. A sandstorm is forming. It will come in about an hour or so, by the looks of it, and then nobody could ever find their tracks!”
“It’s too late.” Monika murmured.
“However, Basha, if you really want to go through the trouble of finding them, there is a small chance if you are willing to believe in an old superstition come to life.” J’hia said.


 

 


