

Breaking Rules
Breaking #1

By Tracie Puckett

Smashwords Edition

© 2014. All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Note
Thank you for downloading this ebook. The contents of this ebook are the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means— electronic or mechanical—without written permission of the author, Tracie Puckett.




Series by Tracie Puckett

Webster Grove
The New Girl
Under the Mistletoe
Secrets to Keep
Coming Out
All Good Things

Just a Little
Just a Little 1-4
Just a Little 5-8
Just a Little Sequel




To the real Mr. Big Shot,
for the lessons you’ll never know you taught me.
Thank you.



And to Mom, for always choosing us.





Prologue
No one finds the love of their life when they’re eighteen. Even if it was possible, didn’t she know that young love was always destined to end in tragedy? Hadn’t she read Romeo & Juliet?
What could my sister ever know about falling in love? She wasn’t in any kind of position to give me advice. Sure, Bailey knew a lot about a lot, but when it came to love and my ability to find it… she was most certainly wrong.
I—do—not—fall—in—love, and I never would, especially at eighteen. But my biggest fear was that maybe I had the potential to develop a crush, and that thought frightened me to the depths of my very soul. But...if that potential could exist, and if there was even a slight possibility that I could feel something like that, did that mean that the spark I felt at the diner had been real? Did that mean Gabe had become the game-changer?
I didn’t know. 
But I did know one thing, and that one simple truth brought me to tears yet again: as far as Gabriel Raddick was concerned, my heart was in serious trouble.




One
“You—are—an—idiot, Amanda Parker! An idiot! I’m going to murder you!”
“Let’s not overreact, Bailey.” 
“I can’t believe you would do something like this!” she yelled over me. “Who do you think you are?”
I could’ve answered with any of the obvious choices: your ex-best friend, your identical twin sister, the only person who can put up with your over-the-top attitude. Any of those would’ve worked just fine. But I chose to let it go. She wouldn’t find my sarcasm cute, not after I’d just ruined her life. 
“I’m going to strangle you!”
I tried to take a step away from her, but I couldn’t get out of her reach. Cornered against the orange accent wall in her bedroom, she pointed her bony finger in my face and glared, suddenly lost for words. But I knew that her silence wouldn’t last long. I couldn’t get that lucky. Once she figured out her next angle, she’d rear back and let me have it again, and I wasn’t prepared to keep arguing. I ducked away and took a few steps backward in the direction of her door. 
Somehow, I’ll credit years of practice, I managed to keep my voice low and calm as I reasoned with her. “Will you just back off for a second and let me explain?”
“Back off?” she asked, and under her breath, her near-whisper was almost chilling. I suspected it had less to do with the airy quality of her voice, one that had a tendency to ring eerie at her angriest, and probably more to do with her overall demeanor. 
Standing tall at five feet seven, my sister had an innate ability to intimidate and take control. When she wanted her way, she almost always got it. This, of course, bewildered most everyone who knew her. With such a sweet face and slender build, it was puzzling how well she commanded a room. Bailey’s ability to take charge and get her way was one thing that I’d come to recognize well, basically because it was a skill I’d watched her hone little by little since we’d moved to Sugar Creek. After everything our parents put us through, she dropped the calm nature she inherited from our father. She assumed a new approach to life—standing up for herself, never taking ‘no’ for an answer, and always moving forward.
On the upside, understanding the way my sister operated helped prepare me for every reaction, good or bad. When our desires were common, we could almost always assure a positive outcome. Unfortunately, her will to win worked against me when we didn’t see eye to eye.
She combed both of her hands through her long, brunette hair and dug at the roots. 
“You crossed the line, Amanda—big time.” She dropped her arms and mimed strangling me. “How could you do this?”
“Listen—”
“You do understand what you’ve gotten us into, right?”
“Yes.” I closed my eyes and collected my thoughts with a few deep breaths. Rule #9: When all else fails, count to ten.
 “Okay. What do you want me to say?”
“That you were wrong,” she said, and her arms starting flailing again. “That you’re an idiot! That you’re going to do everything that it takes to undo this colossal mess you’ve made.”
“Bailey—”
“Say it!”
“Okay.” I took another deep breath and let her cold, gray stare burn into the side of my face. I couldn’t admit that I was wrong; I wasn’t, but I had to say something, and I had to choose my words carefully so as not to admit failure. Losing to Bailey… well, that was never an option. “Fine. In retrospect, I wouldn’t say it was my best idea.”
“It wasn’t your best idea? That’s it? That’s your apology?” 
“I’m not trying to apologize. If you’d just listen, you’d see that—”
“Listen?” Her pink-painted lips gaped open, and she stared at me as if I’d just asked her to kill a puppy. “The girl who just volunteered the next six weeks of my life away? Yeah, I don’t think so.” 
I watched as my sister shook her head, still stunned. 
“So what, then?” I asked. “You’re just going to shoot it down? You’re not even going to think about it?”
“Shut your mouth before I slap you, Amanda Parker.”
An involuntary shiver got the best of me, and my sister’s wicked smirk twisted at the sign of my withdrawal. She was breaking out the big guns, and I knew I was in trouble. Bailey knew better than anyone that there was nothing in the world I hated more than hearing those two words strung together. It was the second time she’d full-named me in the last five minutes, and I’d been able to ignore the first jab. But the more she said it, the harder it became to ignore. 
When we were on good terms and she liked me, Bailey called me Mandy—just like everyone else. But when she was really mad, I suddenly became Amanda Parker. She’d full-name me every chance she got, simply because she knew how much it hurt. If she could plague me with bad memories of our mother, she’d do it. Just to be cruel. She knew that talking to me, tacking those two words together, was the only way she could shut me up altogether. She knew she had the weapon, and I wasn’t going to fight with a scaled-down version of our mother; I just plain refused to do it. 
I dropped my shoulders.
It was pointless to argue with Bailey in the first place, but I couldn’t walk away without trying. My sister and I were on borrowed time, and I wanted to spend as much of that time together as possible. And she wanted me to apologize for that? 
I couldn’t remember the last time either of us had made a point to spend time with the other. It’d been years since Bailey and I had any kind of friendly relationship, and I needed to remedy that before it was too late. She had plans to head back to California next fall and follow in the footsteps of our father, the former soap opera star. We left our hometown of Los Angeles four years earlier, and nothing was stopping her from going back to our roots. She was hungry for stardom, and she’d stop at nothing to get it. 
I, though, wanted very little more than what I already had. I had zero aspirations to walk red carpets, pose for flashing cameras, or be at anyone’s constant beck and call. All I really wanted was to stay right in Sugar Creek and focus on a solitary, writing career, and our small town was the perfect place to bask in that solitude. 
As the only member of the Parker household who didn’t have an immediate need to be loved and fawned over by the masses, I did my best to keep my head down and my nose out of everyone else’s business. Sometimes it worked, and other times… not so much. And this was one of those rare times that I’d slipped up and overstepped my boundaries. Guilty as charged. 
All because of that one stupid misstep, Bailey wasn’t about to let me off the hook. When it came right down to it, she was only mad at me for one, simple reason: I’d signed our names to a piece of paper, pledging a six-week commitment to compete in a charity competition, one sponsored by a local foundation called the Raddick Initiative. 
It was a simple, high school challenge, and it was the first of its kind to ever come through our region. There were four area schools chosen to compete, and ours was among them. 
Each school was responsible for organizing a team of juniors and seniors, setting up volunteer opportunities, and carrying through with six weeks of charity work and fundraising for their community. At the end of the competition, whichever of the four schools had managed to raise the most money for local charity was declared the winning school. 
The title came mostly with recognition and little else, but the real prize would be up for grabs after the winning team was declared. One valuable member of the chosen school would be awarded a full scholarship to the college of their choice. 
And I was going to win that scholarship.
It was an opportunity to do something great for the community and for the school, but to me, a full-ride meant so much more. A scholarship was the ticket to the rest of my life, and if I ever wanted to get out of Dad’s grip and do things my own way, then I needed that money. I already had one shot at a free education, but my father didn’t believe in doing anything unconditionally. For his own, selfish reasons, he agreed to pay for college with one very specific condition in mind. 
That condition, though, was unfathomable. If I ever wanted the chance to go to Desden University and live my dream, then I had to find another way to fund it.
The Raddick Initiative was the answer. 
By signing Bailey up to compete on our school’s team, I’d given her that very same opportunity. But to my sister, giving up even one hour of her life for anything meant social suicide, and sacrificing even a minute was out of the question. She’d made that perfectly clear.
“Listen,” I said, taking a seat on the corner of Bailey’s canopy bed. She settled herself face-down in the pillows and tried to tune me out. “Tomorrow’s the first day of the program. There’s no contract that says you have to do it if you don’t want to, but I think you should tag along and give it a shot.”
She groaned and threw her hands up over her ears.
“Bailey, stop,” I said, speaking louder. 
“I’m not doing it,” she snapped matter-of-factly. She only raised her head up long enough to give me a deathly glare, and then she threw herself back on the pillows. 
“You won’t give up even a few weeks? Not even to volunteer?”
“Volunteering is for losers who have no friends, no life, and nothing better to do with their time. That suits you, but that’s not me, and we both know it. I have my hands full enough without doing everyone else’s dirty work, Amanda.”
“At least think about it.” 
She turned over and propped herself on her elbows. 
“I’d rather gouge out my eyes.”
“Bailey!”
“I’m not going to give up my time to… to… I don’t know, to stand out on the street picking up trash for nothing.”
“Not nothing,” I said. “A sense of achievement, some perspective, knowing that you’re doing something for the greater good. And if we win, maybe even a scholarship.”
“And I need those things because…?”
I thought about saying it. I thought about telling her right then and there that she needed all of those things to knock her down a peg or two. Maybe that would do something to cure whatever sick disease she had that turned her into a spoiled, self-centered, pretentious brat. But I bit my tongue and stood up.
“I have to be at the school tomorrow morning at eight for the orientation.” I headed for the door. “I think you should come with me.”
“And if I don’t?” 
“Then, Bailey,” I said, letting go of a breath, “I won’t be the least bit surprised.”




Two
I rolled out of bed at six the next morning. It was the earliest I’d ever pulled myself up on a weekend, but I’d made a commitment, and in spite of my sister’s bad attitude, I planned to see that commitment through to the very end. Rule #5: Never make a promise you don’t intend to keep. 
An hour later, after I’d had a long shower, dried my hair, and squeezed in a few minutes for minimal make-up, I tiptoed out of my room and down the hallway. I could still hear Dad’s sound machine running as I passed in front of his bedroom, so I tried to walk as quietly as possible as I snuck by; on weekends, he allowed himself the luxury of sleeping in until nine, so he still had a couple hours of beauty rest ahead of him. I imagined my sister did, as well. I could tell from the gap under Bailey’s door that she hadn’t turned on her light, nor were there any sounds coming from beyond her door other than faint snores. So that settled that. She was staying home.
Just down the hall and past the bedrooms, I stopped off at the kitchen and grabbed a banana to go. I left a post-it on the counter and scrawled a note, reminding both Dad and Bailey that I was off to school for the orientation.
And then I set off, taking the car that I shared with my sister. 
The school was only a ten minute drive from the center of Sugar Creek, but the drive seemed much faster on a quiet, Saturday morning. As I turned off of Main Street and onto Highway 6, I stretched over to the passenger’s seat to dig my cell phone out of my purse. After I found it buried at the bottom beneath my wallet and a pack of gum, I let my eyes wander down to check the screen. I punched in the four-number passcode, opened up my messages, and felt my heart sink to my stomach. 
No new messages. 
But that wasn’t much of a surprise, was it? Part of me hoped that Bailey would roll out of bed and send a last-minute text, begging me to drive back and pick her up. But there was nothing there. 
I dropped my phone to my lap.
I settled my hands back on the wheel and focused my stare on the road again. With no time to think about Bailey or my budding agitation for her self-absorbency, my eyes centered on something barricading the road up ahead: only ten yards away, a man stood directly in the middle of my lane, unaware of the car headed straight for him. With his hands propped on his hips and his eyes focused off to the side, he studied the park entrance gates as if he had not one reservation about blocking the middle of an open highway. 
The car closed in on him in a matter of seconds, and with no time to hit the horn, I jerked back and slammed both feet down on the brake pedal. Even with the added force of an extra foot, the car still didn’t stop, but took a rough thrust forward. The front bumper clipped his legs, jerking the car again. With the tires finally screeching to a sudden halt, the force of the man’s entire body slammed against my hood, rolling halfway up the windshield until the side of his face met the glass with a violent blow.
“Oh God,” I said under my breath, and then I killed the engine. I jumped out of my car just as the man peeled himself from the hood and backed away. 
Breathing heavily, he let his arms fall flat to his sides. I watched him, feeling just as breathless as he looked. I noticed the way his dirtied, blond hair was mussed beneath a crooked, baseball cap and clinging to the top of his sweaty forehead. His gray shirt was stained and ripped, and the filth on his angular face matched the color of his dirtied jeans and scuffed up shoes. Somewhere, buried beneath his short, scruffy beard and a clump of dried mud, his lips thinned. 
Although young, he looked nothing short of beaten-down, exhausted, tired, and burned out. I wasn’t entirely convinced, judging by the state of his appearance, that being hit by a car was the worst thing that had happened to him in the last twenty-four hours. He was a hot mess.
“Hello?” I said, waving a single hand in front of his face, but he still didn’t move. My heart was racing, pounding so quickly against my chest that I could almost feel it on the brink of explosion. What was I supposed to do? What was I supposed to say? I knew that I had to say something. I’d nearly killed the guy! 
It wasn’t until I tasted the salty tears on my lips that I even realized that I started crying. 
Pull yourself together, Mandy. Do not let him see you cry! 
I quickly wiped my tears away with the backside of my hand and took another step forward. 
“Are you going to say something or…?”
As if the impact had knocked him senseless, his pale eyes wandered aimlessly from the street to the park and then back to the car. He finally lifted his head and straightened his stance—not that he needed the added height. He pressed his lips into a thin line and furrowed his brow, and then he focused his narrow stare in my direction. 
Although I was a little frightened by his silent gaze, I mimicked his posture and stood straighter, refusing to back away. I squared my shoulders and stared directly at him, waiting for him to answer my question. Just when I thought that he wasn’t going to say a word, he suddenly opened his mouth and licked his bottom lip. 
“Were you texting just now?” 
“Excuse me?” 
“When you hit me,” he said, raising his voice, “you were on your phone, weren’t you?”
“I was only checking—”
“You could’ve killed me!” 
“Yeah, I get that,” I said. I took another step toward him, but he backed away. I noticed with his step that he had limped, and it almost seemed as though he had to drag his left leg with him as he moved. My heart grew heavier as I watched him struggle to make it back to the sidewalk. 
“You’re hurt,” I said quietly and mostly to myself. 
“Imagine that.” The thick mockery in his voice rattled me as he limped away. 
“Give me a second.” I turned back to my car to get my phone. As soon as I had my back to him, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Trying to keep my nerves from coming through my voice, I said, “I’ll call an ambulance.” 
“Yeah, don’t bother. I think you’ve done enough.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” I hissed at him. “You’re hurt, and you need to see a doctor.”
“I’m fine.” 
“You’re not fine!”
“I’m great.”
“You’re limping!”
“So what?” he snapped, and I jumped as he turned back to me with a pointed finger. “There is no excuse for what just happened here.”
“Yeah, no joke,” I said. “You were standing in the middle of the road!”
“And you weren’t paying attention!”
“Okay, dude, listen,” I said, “I don’t know what to say.” I clenched my teeth. “What happened here was not my fault. Now, I can call for help—”
“I don’t want your help,” he said, dropping his hand. “Just go.”
“Are you serious?”
“Go,” he said, turning to walk away. “And here’s a grand idea: put your phone away before you kill someone.”
I stood and watched him for a minute, feeling my chest rise and fall a little heavier with every, broken breath. The man kept limping away, slowly making his way back through the park gates and farther from the road. He disappeared down a side-path a few seconds later, and I turned back to my car. 
What was I supposed to do? Call the police? Call Dad? I had to let someone know, right? Keeping it quiet could seriously come back and bite me in the butt. But what if it didn’t? Could I just get in my car and pretend it had never happened? 
At a complete loss as to what I should do, I slid into the driver’s seat and dropped my phone into my purse. I buckled my seat belt, started the engine, and with the heavy weight of a guilty conscience, I put the car into drive.
“Rule number ten,” I said quietly to myself as I slowly pulled away. “Keep moving forward.” 

I didn’t exceed thirty-five miles an hour the rest of the way, although part of me wanted nothing more than to gun it. I was torn between my fear of hitting another pedestrian and being followed by the psychopath I’d just left injured back at the park. I would be lying to say that there wasn’t a tiny part of me that feared he had just gone back into the park to get his own car, only so that he could follow me, wait until I got out of mine, and then  get his revenge by running me down. Some people were just vengeful that way.
I was relieved when I finally arrived at school and happy that I didn’t have to weave in and out of dozens of cars to get to my spot. I was used to fighting an endless line of traffic as my fellow classmates scrambled into the lot each morning, but there were very few cars parked near the school entrance when I arrived. 
A creature of habit, I parked in my assigned, weekday spot. I dropped my head against the steering wheel and rested there for a few minutes. 
I stretched my neck from side to side. With closed eyes, a few deep breaths, and a slow count to ten, I managed to slowly calm my nerves, collect my thoughts, and pull myself back into a volunteer-mindset. 
Guided by my ten self-imposed rules, I found it a lot easier to retain control of my life. I was the one standing at the helm, so it was my responsibility to make sure each day was smooth sailing from start to finish. Right then, I knew that the only rule that would suffice would be Rule #4: Never let one moment define the rest of the day.
I stepped outside and hustled up to the building, entering through the auditorium doors. For the first time since leaving home that morning, I didn’t have to remind myself to breathe.
“Mandy?” a familiar voice said as I crossed through the doors. I turned to greet Lashell, one of the head program staffers for the Raddick Initiative. 
“Yes,” I said, nodding to confirm that she’d remembered me correctly. 
“Good morning.” She beamed a smile. “I’m so glad you could make it out today.”
“Yeah,” I said, trying to bury my insecurities, but I knew that I failed miserably. I closed my eyes and attempted to shake away the guilt and fear that still lingered deep inside me.
“Honey, are you okay?” 
“I’m fine,” I said, nodding a few times, and then I managed to feign a halfway believable smile. 
She watched me closer, and her wide grin slowly faded into a sympathetic one. She knew I was lying.
Though I’d only met her the day before at the information assembly, I’d quickly pegged Lashell Dunham as one of the most giving and caring souls I’d ever met. Nearing her sixties and having committed decades of her life to charity and volunteer work, Lashell knew a thing or two about the best programs to get involved with. The Raddick Initiative was the best of the best. 
While I’d sat and listened as she told us all about the program and her many, many years of working toward a brighter future, I felt inspired to take that leap and sign my name. With my signature, along with Bailey’s, I promised Lashell I’d see her bright and early for the orientation meeting today. I’d made no such promise about my sister.
“No Bailey?”
“No Bailey.” I matched her disappointed expression. “I figured it’d be a long shot.”
She nodded. “You can go ahead and have a seat with the others, hon,” she said, nodding to my few classmates who’d also signed up. “But, first,” she turned to a table she’d set up at the doors, pulled a white t-shirt from a cardboard box, and tossed it to me with one swift throw. “Slip into this. The colors are school-specific. We’d like you to wear that to each of your events over the next six weeks. It’s just for pictures and identification purposes. The SCHS volunteers are in white, and the staffers,” she looked down at her own shirt, “blue. Everyone affiliated with your team will be wearing navy or white with the RI emblem.”
“Noted,” I said, slipping the crisp, white tee over my own shirt. I looked down at my chest and observed the emblem on the left pocket. Underneath a small global illustration, a bold text read: RI Volunteer. “Thanks.”
I joined my classmates in the first row, and fifteen minutes later, we were a complete group of eleven students, one teacher, and Lashell. 
“I have packets and pamphlets,” Lashell said, passing them around to each of the eleven students. Our teacher and school supervisor for the project, Mr. Davies, also took a set. “There is one important thing to remember as we start and progress through the project. You are not here to raise money for the Raddick Initiative. RI exists to raise money for nonprofits and bring people together to create positive change in our communities. Every penny you raise will go directly toward local charities.”
Lashell paced the floor in front of the first row. 
“Today is going to operate as a basic, brainstorming session. We’d like you to break into small groups and come up with some charitable ideas.”
“Like fundraising?” one of the junior girls asked.
“Fundraising-focused events are not at all discouraged,” Lashell said. “But don’t commit all of your time and resources to just those events. Remember that the program stresses the importance of educating and collaborating with others to positively impact your community. It’s not all about raising money, but also about making a difference.”
“Can you give us an example of what’s been done in the past?” I asked. “What are your expectations for us?”
“This is our first time working in the schools, so this whole process is just as new to us as it is to you. But if you look in your packet,” Lashell said, turning to the first page of hers, “there’s a list of events the organization has hosted in the past. Food drives are always popular with our volunteers, as well as highway trash removal. Simple donation boxes at high-traffic businesses could be a good place to start fundraising. Your options are open here, so don’t be afraid to think outside the box.”
Mr. Davies stood up and turned his attention to the group. 
“Keep it school appropriate, charity-oriented, and follow your instincts,” he said. “The projects you choose will represent our school. The more unique your ideas are, the better chance you will have at distinguishing our team from the others.”
“And what about the scholarship?” the same girl from before asked. “How do we win that?”
I perked up as Lashell stepped in to answer.
“There is only one scholarship, and it will be awarded to the student at the winning school who exhibits the most drive, the most commitment, and the best attitude within the project,” Lashell said. “It’s not solely dependent on the outcome of any specific idea or action you may bring to the table. Consideration for the scholarship relies on many qualities and criteria, so please remember that we’re always watching for the best of the best. All I ask is that you keep that in mind over the next six weeks.”
When no one had any more questions, we were split into smaller groups. I ended up working alongside two juniors. Fletcher, whom I’d met once or twice in passing, settled in next to me in the back row of the theater. Carla, the curious, question-asker and probably my biggest competition for the scholarship, settled in next to him. 
Carla was the first to pitch an idea; she suggested setting up a short-term, soup kitchen at a local church. She mentioned that her uncle, a pastor at the Nazarene church on the corner, wouldn’t mind letting us use the kitchen and dining facilities as often as we’d need them. So we had one charity-oriented project to jump start the brainstorming session.
Fletcher, the leading man in almost every SCHS theater production, said that he could probably talk the drama club into donating a portion of the ticket sales from the upcoming fall show. 
After the initial ideas were pitched, we all jumped into conversation, bouncing ideas off of one another, and trying to think outside the box, just as Lashell had asked us to. But my mind wasn’t fully focused on the task at hand. I couldn’t get my thoughts centered on anything happening inside the auditorium. I was distracted, and no amount of counting or cleansing breaths seemed to do the trick. My mind only wanted to focus on one thing: the man I’d hit out on Highway 6. I kept seeing his face, picturing the pained look in his eyes as he’d turned and limped away from me. I knew that I’d hurt him worse than he’d been willing to admit, and my stomach wrenched at the thought of how quickly I’d let myself drive away without really trying to rectify the situation. No matter what I did, I couldn’t get past the sinking feeling in my gut that I’d done the wrong thing by leaving him without help. I should’ve called someone.
“So what’s your big idea, Mandy?” Carla asked, snapping me back into the conversation. “Is there anything you’d like to do?”
“Hmm?” 
She and Fletcher both watched me carefully and quietly, and then Carla leaned forward and whispered, “Are you okay? You’re sweating.”
“Yeah,” I said, wiping my forehead. “But you know what? I think I need some air. I’m just going to step outside for a second.”
“Do you want me to come with you?”
“No, no,” I said, standing up. “I’ll be fine.”
She nodded, but I felt her eyes glued to me as I left the room and stepped through the door. 
I sat down on the top step outside the school and let a slow breath pass between my lips. I buried my head inside my hands and then dropped them forward onto my knees. I sat in that bent-over position for a while, trying to collect my thoughts through a budding migraine. It wasn’t until the faint sound of footsteps rounded the corner that I lifted my head. 
I watched a familiar face turn the corner, and the man began his slow ascent up the auditorium steps.
“Oh, you have got to be kidding me,” I mumbled, and then I stood up. I watched as he limped up the stairs, only a little faster than he’d moved earlier. “Seriously, dude? You followed me here?” 
His head snapped up and in my direction, and his eyes widened as his gaze swept over me.
“You,” he said, and never had I heard a single word sound so full of hate. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked. “I offered to call an ambulance, anyone who could’ve helped you. You refused my help, so you can’t follow me here and harass me. I’ll call the cops.”
“And tell them what, exactly?” he asked. “That the guy you ran down with your car while texting is out for revenge?”
I felt my mouth gape open. 
“Is that why you followed me here?” I asked. “You want revenge? It was an honest to God accident!”
“Don’t flatter yourself,” he said, as if he couldn’t bear to hear me say another word. “I have much better things to do with my time than track down irresponsible, teenage drivers, even the ones who run me down.”
“I didn’t run you down,” I said, appalled that he’d phrased it so hatefully. “Let me remind you that you were the one standing in the middle of the road. I tried to stop!”
For the first time since he’d walked up, I noticed a water bottle clutched in his hand. He gripped it tightly for a few long seconds, and then pulled it up and twisted the cap off. Taking a long swig from the bottle, he closed his eyes and savored the drink.
I took another step closer, and he lowered the bottle. 
“I’m sorry. I don’t know what else you want me to say. So just go, okay?”
He blinked his heavy lashes, and then his gaze trailed down to my shirt. 
“Ah, you’re part of the program,” he finally said, nodding at the RI emblem on my pocket. I looked down at my shirt before looking back up to meet his stare. 
I nodded, but didn’t let his change of subject distract me. It didn’t surprise me so much that he’d heard of the project. The Sugar Creek Gazette had published a front page article on Thursday morning about the Raddick Initiative, and we’d even had the assembly at the school just yesterday. Not to mention, the guy who started the whole program had a great reputation, and from what I’d gathered in passing, he was supposedly a man of admirable influence and character. With all of that information circulating in a place as small as Sugar Creek, I would’ve been more surprised to learn that someone hadn’t heard that the RI project had come to town. 
“Yes,” I finally answered. “I am part of the program, and no, you can’t be here.”
He was about to take another drink just then, but the bottle stopped short of his lips. He tilted his chin downward and blinked as if confusion had gotten the best of him.
“The school is private property,” I said, though I wasn’t entirely sure he cared. “The program isn’t open to the public. So leave.”
“Oh, there you are,” Lashell interrupted me as she poked her head out the door. “Carla said you weren’t feeling well. Is everything okay, sweetheart?”
I turned to her.
“Yeah, absolutely,” I said, nodding, but then I turned back to the man. “I was just asking this… gentleman, if you can call him that—”
“Oh!” Lashell straightened up at the sight of him, and her cheeks grew a darker shade of pink. Her smile only stretched wider as she watched him, and then she stepped outside and let the door close behind her. “Good morning, Gabe.”
“Mornin’, Shelly.” He winked, and his demeanor changed in a split-second. He took a small step forward and leaned down to brush a gentle kiss to her cheek. He was very careful not to transfer any dirt on contact. Again, Lashell blushed. “We just finished up over at the park, and the rest of the team is headed out to Oakland and then to West Bridge for a quick meet and greet with the student volunteers. I’m tackling Sugar Creek and Desden, and then we’re wrapping up for the day.”
“Oh, well goodie,” she said, clapping her small hands together a few times. “We’ve only wrangled up eleven here, but they’re a dedicated group. And Mandy here’s been a real trouper. She was very enthusiastic about signing up yesterday. This girl’s in it to win it.”
 “Yeah?” he asked, and his lip pulled into a one-sided smirk. He tossed the empty water bottle into the recycle bin outside the door, wiped his hand down the side of his dirty jeans to rub off the moisture, and then extended it forward to take mine. “Mandy, is it?”
“Yes,” I said, looking between them. I shook his outstretched hand, and his calloused fingers brushed against mine. “Mandy Parker.”
“Any relation to Mayor Parker?”
“He’s my dad,” I said, watching his grin grow wider. Oh yeah, ha-ha, very funny. He probably knew my dad, and if that was the case, I’d be lucky to get through the rest of the morning without the entire town hearing some misconstrued version of what had happened on the highway earlier. I could already hear the rumors…Oh, did you hear? Mayor Parker’s daughter was out for an early morning, joy ride and just started knocking people over like bowling pins.
“Mandy,” Lashell interrupted my thoughts. “This is Gabriel Raddick. He’s the founder and president of RI. He’s going to be stopping by from time to time to oversee your projects, offer a little bit of guidance, and just be around to support the cause.” 
“Founder and president,” I said under my breath, feeling my fingers fall limp inside his firm shake.
“Oh, don’t let the title scare you, hon,” she continued, noticing how much blood had drained from my face. “No reason to be intimidated. Gabe’s just a big ball of smiles and can-do attitude. One of the nicest guys you’ll ever meet. I’m sure you’ll grow to love him as much as the rest of us do.”
He smiled as he held my hand tightly inside of his, even though the shake had ceased moments ago. It was only then that I noticed he was still holding on to my fingers, and I jerked my hand away. A jovial smile tugged at the corner of his lip, and I found myself quickly diverting my eyes. 
Smug jerk.
“You’ll have to excuse my poor sense of fashion today,” he said. And though his hand was back at his side, he didn’t dare pull his stare away. “My group’s been down at the park gates this morning landscaping the entryway. We’ve been at it for hours, and,” he looked down at himself, “it’s not the cleanest of jobs. And then, like an idiot, I got myself hit by a car.”
“You were hit by a car?” Lashell asked, and her eyes widened. “Oh, honey. Are you okay? How’s your leg? Are you able to walk?”
“It’s fine,” he shrugged. “I’m fine. I’m alive. Again, I was the one standing in the middle of the road. I got what was coming to me.” With a hint of mockery in his voice, he flashed a look at me and then back to her. “Now, let’s get in there and do this meet and greet—”
“No,” Lashell said, putting a protective arm around his waist. “You get back to your car and go to the hospital. Have that knee checked out, or I’ll call your doctor myself.”
He gave her a look that said he wasn’t at all impressed that she’d just threatened to take matters into her own hands, but something about the way she peered at him had me wondering if that kind of exchange happened more frequently than he would’ve liked. Gabe might’ve been the guy in charge, but Lashell was calling the shots. 
“I’ve got this all under control here, okay?” she said, and his gaze trailed to her. “You’ve got six weeks to get to know this group. So go on, and quit worryin’ about us. We’ve got this covered.”
He didn’t seem to doubt that for a second. “Okay. Sure. I’ll go see the doctor.”
“And you’ll let me know what he says,” she ordered. “The moment you’re out of the exam room.”
He gave her a stiff, military salute, and she quirked a smile. 
Gabe headed back down the stairs, taking each with one, slow limp at a time. I wondered as I watched him leave, only because of how slowly he maneuvered the stairway, if he was moving slower than necessary so that Lashell wouldn’t see just how bad his limp really was. 
When she turned back to open the door, I kept focusing on Gabe as he managed to make his way across the parking lot. I knew that my chances of winning the scholarship had just gotten a lot harder.
Gabe wasn’t going to make life at RI easy for me whatsoever. I’d already screwed up—big time.




Three
After another few hours of brainstorming and collaboration as a whole group, we broke for lunch at noon. Lashell had ordered pizzas for everyone to share, but I shuddered at the thought of waiting around for the food to arrive. Lunch would’ve been about the time that everyone would start swapping life stories and buddying up, and that was definitely not what I’d signed up for. Just the sheer thought of socializing over a meal with any of my classmates was enough to induce a full-on panic attack. With an hour to spare before we had to reconvene, I left the school and headed home to eat in the comfort of my own company. 
“Hey,” Bailey said as I walked in the door. She had seated herself on the kitchen counter and she had her legs folded up beneath her as she messed with her phone. Too enthralled by whatever was on the screen, she hadn’t even bothered to look up when she greeted me. 
“Is Dad home?” I asked. “I think I need to tell him something.”
“You think you do?” 
“Is he home or not? I asked. I tossed my purse and jacket on the counter next to her and headed straight for the refrigerator.
“Nope. He’s out.” 
“Wonderful,” I said, dropping my head.
“So I see you survived the morning,” she said, finally setting her phone aside. “How was everything over in Loserville?”
“It was fine,” I said. I stared into the refrigerator for a full thirty seconds before I finally closed the door empty-handed. “How was your morning?”
I suspected she’d give me a long list of all the things she’d managed to accomplish, just so she wouldn’t look like a complete jerk for blowing me off. But she simply jumped down from the counter and said, “Fine. Woke up about an hour ago, took a shower, and now I’m about to meet Jones for lunch at Maurine’s.”
“You’re headed to Maurine’s?” I asked, perking up. 
It’s not that I was looking for a chance to socialize. If that was the case, I would’ve hung back at school. Nor was I ever eager for an invitation to join her for anything if it meant being around her friends or boyfriends. But Jones, her loving and committed boyfriend of two whole months, wasn’t really all that bad. Jones and I worked together down at the Sugar High Bakery, and I’d grown pretty fond of him in recent weeks. He’d proven himself to be the most tolerable of any of Bailey’s past love interests, and that was saying something because even he had his moments. But in spite of that, I was hungry, and Maurine’s Diner had the best chicken salad in town. I could tolerate an hour of Jones and Bailey if it meant getting a decent meal.
“You coming with?” Bailey asked, sweeping my purse off the counter. She tossed it to me, and I managed to catch it with only an ounce of grace.
“Yeah, sure.”
After slipping back into my jacket, we headed out the door. Ten minutes later, Bailey and I found ourselves seated opposite of one very good looking guy down at the local diner. Jones spent the first five minutes of our lunch droning on and on, talking all about his Econ professor’s amazing inability to deliver a halfway decent lecture. Of course we listened, but we had a hard time sympathizing. Jones was fresh out of high school and aimlessly wandering his way through his first semester of college. His problems were ones we were glad to not yet have.
It wasn’t until our food was served that I removed my jacket, and Jones’ eyes trailed down to my pocket. He nodded at the emblem.
“RI?”
“Oh, Mandy’s taken up volunteering now,” Bailey said, rolling her eyes. “She’s become so desperate for social interaction that she’s stooped to picking up trash off the side of the road with juvenile delinquents and convicted felons.”
His eyes widened, and I shook my head to deny any truth in Bailey’s over-exaggeration. He breathed a sigh of relief and then took a drink of his soda. 
“It’s a volunteer program we’re doing at school,” I explained. “The surrounding districts are going head-to-head and competing to see who can make the biggest impact on their community. It’s just a way to generate some positive change and raise money with a little friendly competition.”
“Oh yeah? That sounds cool.”
Although I would’ve been surprised to learn that any normal person hadn’t heard of the program, I wasn’t so surprised where Jones was concerned. He had this thing about boycotting the media and avoiding the news; he had some weird theory that the government controlled everything, and he refused to be ‘brainwashed.’ It was one of the few qualities that made him tolerable. Jones didn’t care what anyone thought about him or his far-fetched beliefs. He was his own person, and he made no apologies for that.
“It’s not cool,” Bailey chimed in. “She’s only doing it because one student from the winning team is being awarded a scholarship when all’s said and done. She’s not a saint or anything. Her participation in that project is completely selfish.”
“You don’t mean that.”
“She only wants that scholarship so she doesn’t have to take Dad’s money,” she said, interrupting Jones. He only responded with a furrowed brow. “He won’t let her major in English as long as he’s paying for school.”
“Are you serious?” he asked, and we both nodded. 
“He says that writers are overworked, underpaid, and unpredictable,” Bailey continued, but not without an over-exaggerated eye roll. “God knows he’s lying through his teeth. It’s all just a cover-up. He won’t let her become a writer because he thinks she’ll end up just—like—Mom.” 
“That’s ridiculous,” Jones said, and I couldn’t tell if he was referring to the scholarship, Dad’s unwillingness to fund my dream, or the unnecessary mention of our mother. 
It seemed outrageous to think that Dad would believe that one similarity could evolve into a full-blown, copy-cat lifestyle, but Bailey was right, and I had to give her credit for that. That was really all it was about. Dad’s reservations about supporting my dream had nothing to do with any of the lame excuses he’d given me over the years. Bailey and I both knew that Mom was at the very core of everything he feared. 
If I turned out like her, then I wouldn’t need him anymore. 
If I turned out like her, then money and success would suddenly mean more to me than a loving and supportive family. 
If I turned out like her, then I might just say the same words she’d said to him right before our lives imploded.
“Listen, what she’s doing is great,” Jones said, and I felt myself jolt back into the conversation. I could tell that he’d sensed my discomfort for where the conversation had turned, so he steered it back in the original direction. “Volunteer work is never selfish, and Mandy’s doing something really awesome here. Who cares what the reason is? She’s making a difference.” 
That, of course, elicited a nasty stare from Bailey. 
She hated when we got along; Bailey liked her men to be her men, even in the friendliest capacities. And even if she hadn’t been extremely territorial about her boyfriends, she had absolutely nothing to worry about where Jones and I were concerned. Even if he was the last man on Earth… well, you get the picture. 
I cringed at the thought.
 “How’re you liking it so far?”
“It’s not too bad,” I said as I gnawed on the edge of my sandwich. “We’re only on lunch now. The woman in charge of my group is cool, and the other volunteers are nice enough. The work seems like it’s going to be hard and time-consuming, but I guess that doesn’t matter. I have a feeling it’ll be equally rewarding.”
“Aw, that’s great, Mandy,” he said, reaching forward to thump my arm. “Good for you.”
“Thanks.”
“So what’s the RI stand for, anyway?” he asked, cramming a handful of fries into his mouth. “They based out of Rhode Island or something?”
Right. Jones wouldn’t know; when it came to keeping up on anything remotely newsworthy, he might as well live under a rock. 
“No,” I half-laughed. “It’s the Raddick Initiative. It’s named for the founder, Gabriel Raddick.”
He nearly choked on his food. When he managed to swallow the fries and take a drink of his soda, he coughed a few times to clear his throat and then leaned forward again to get a better look at me.
“Gabriel Raddick?” he asked, and I nodded to confirm he’d heard me correctly. “Gabe? Tall, scrawny kid? Blond hair, glasses, freakishly blue eyes?”
I searched my memory for a mental image. The tall, blond, freakishly blue eyes part seemed about right, but the scrawny and glasses part most definitely did not. 
“Why?” I asked, trying to drum up a clearer picture of the man I’d met earlier that day. “Do you know him?”
“Yeah, I know him. I mean, I used to. I went to high school with him,” he said, and his jaw hung open a little as he struggled to remember. “There were three… no, two years between us? He was a senior when I was a sophomore?” Again, he thought silently for a second and then shrugged. “Yeah, that sounds about right.” He leaned back and stared at me open-mouthed. “Man, I always wondered what happened to that guy after he left school.”
“What do you mean?”
 “That dude was such a loser. I’m just… you threw me for a loop with that one, Mandy. A volunteer program? Really? Gabe? I don’t think so. There’s no way we’re talking about the same guy. Dude was such a loser,” he repeated himself, and Bailey snorted as he half-laughed at his own insensitivity. 
“You know, that hardly seems fair,” I said, chiming in and stifling their laughter. “Did you even know him? How close were you?”
“Close? I never said a word to the guy,” he admitted. “I’m not sure anyone did.”
“You never spoke to him, but you’re comfortable enough to sit there and call him a loser?”
“Mandy, man, I’m telling ya,” he said. “The kid was a freak. He was always sitting alone at lunch, never spoke to anyone. He had no friends, none. For a while, we weren’t even sure if he spoke English. He was mute, and he spent most of time sulking through the hallway, scribbling like a maniac inside this big, green notebook.”
“That doesn’t mean he was—”
“Even his family thought he was a joke,” he interrupted me. “I remember being at his graduation. My cousin walked that year. We stood by the door and watched him leave after their ceremony, all alone and completely zoned out; no one in his family even came to watch him accept his diploma. Complete—social—misfit.”
“Hey, kinda like our Mandy here,” Bailey chimed in, putting her arm around me, but I shook it off. “I bet you two would be perfect for each other. Two lonely losers out to save the world—”
“Real nice, Bailey,” I said, shoving her away. 
“Oh, come on, you know I’m only teasing.”
“Well, it’s nothing to joke about. I can’t speak for who he used to be, but he’s made something of himself. That should count for something. I met Gabe today, and he was…generally… a nice guy.” 
The lie was sour on my tongue as I defended him, but I wasn’t about to let both of them sit there and say those things.
 “Lashell really loves him,” I said, quick to defend him again. “And from what I’ve gathered this morning, Gabe seems to have a pretty big influence around here.”
“Yeah, I’m not buying it.”
“Me neither,” Bailey echoed as they picked through the fries on Jones’s plate. “Once a loser, always a loser. You should understand that better than anyone, sis.”
I watched them sit there, expressionless and void of any emotion, and it shocked me that two people could be so cold and heartless. Couldn’t they hear what they were saying? 
“You two should be ashamed of yourselves.” I swiped my keys off the table, pulled my jacket back on, and slung my purse over my shoulder. I turned and gave my sister one very disapproving look. “I’ve gotta take the car back to school. You can catch a ride home with your boyfriend.”
I started to walk away when I heard Jones say, “Come on, Mandy. Don’t be like that.”
But I didn’t bother sticking around to hear another one of their ill attempts at making a joke. I’d always thought of my sister as insensitive, but I was beginning to worry that maybe I’d seriously underestimated her. Inconsiderate, rude, impolite… those were only a few of the words I would’ve used to describe her. But now, more so than ever, I was truly convinced that those weren’t even enough. Mean. Malicious. Degenerate. Those seemed more suiting. 
I didn’t care for one second what kind of person Gabe was—lonely, loser, freak, social misfit, complete jerk—it didn’t give them any right to say those things. 
And as I walked out of the diner, slamming the door shut behind me, I realized just how much I let their words get to me in there. It scared me that I’d gotten so worked up over nothing that directly concerned me. But I’d felt every strike they’d taken against Gabe, and I couldn’t help but take it personally. 
If Gabe had really been that kind of guy back in high school, then he and I had a lot more in common than I could’ve ever imagined. I knew exactly what it felt like to be all alone, and it was the worst feeling in the world.


 “Clean bill of health, and not a thing for you to worry about, Miss Dunham,” Gabe said, patting Lashell on the back. 
I looked up from my group and watched the two RI staffers on the stage. I’d been so distracted by our team’s planning that I hadn’t even noticed Gabe’s return, but after I’d spotted him, I kept staring in their direction, hoping to hear what the doctor had said. 
“Oh, thank goodness.” Lashell turned into him. 
No more than five feet tall, the tiny woman looked up at Gabe as he towered over her by at least a foot. She rested her face against his chest and wrapped him in a motherly hug, squeezing his mid-section as tightly as she could. 
“You’ve gotta stop going and getting yourself hurt like that, Gabriel.”
“Well, like I said, I’m fine.” He tried not to laugh as he wriggled out of her tight hug. Although he smiled, she didn’t seem to believe him. “I’m fine, okay? Please nod if you’re listening to me.”
She kept staring at him doe-eyed and sad, seemingly lost in thought about something. 
“Hey,” he said, dipping down to steal her gaze. His tone was gentle as he lifted her chin. “Don’t you dare spend a dime and send flowers to my doorstep again. I told you, I’m good as new.”
“But—”
“I appreciate the concern, Shelly, but the doc says I’m good as ever,” he said, crossing his finger over his heart, and that seemed to settle her nerves.
And it settled mine, too. 
I breathed a sigh of relief and turned back to my group.
“So like I said,” I tried to get back on track. I met Carla and Fletcher’s eager stares. “It wouldn’t be something to start right away. We’ll have plenty of time to focus on our other projects, and even if we only contribute a few hours here and there to planning the final event, we’ll be ready to go by the time we adjourn in six weeks.”
“That’s great,” Carla said. “I called during lunch and talked to my Uncle Rick about using the church. He said we can have it on Thursdays and Saturdays during the duration of the program. So I was thinking maybe Thursday evenings and Saturday afternoons for the soup kitchen?”
“That works for me,” I said, trying to remember my work schedule for the week. “I can switch my shifts at the bakery if I need to. I want to be at the church if I can. Fletcher?”
“Thursday evenings might be rough with rehearsal,” he said. “But I’ll do my best. I can swing Saturdays for sure.”
“Great!” Carla said, and it was just then that Gabe slid into the chair next to mine and raised his brow.
“Yes?” I asked, looking at him from the corner of my eye. Although I felt awful about hitting him, and even worse about hearing the things that my sister and Jones had said at lunch, my remorse didn’t make me like Gabe any more than I had a few hours earlier. He stood out there on the steps and let me make a complete idiot of myself in front of both him and Lashell, and he could’ve stepped in anytime to tell me who he was.
I was torn between being aggravated and devastated by the whole mess. 
When he didn’t say anything, I kept my head low and refused to look up.
 “Can we help you with something?” I asked, still scrawling in a notebook. “We’re really busy here, and we’ve got a lot to plan before we nail down a schedule.”
“You’re a feisty one, aren’t you?” he asked below his breath. “Don’t you think it might be a good idea to at least try to play nice?”
I finally lifted my head and turned to give him an unimpressed look, but something stopped me, and my breathing cut short.
I met his pale eyes, and a heavy sigh fell through my lips. Though they were still the same, calming blue, shaded beneath his ball cap, and his clothes were still gross and dingy, there was something different about him. His tanned skin was cleaner, washed clean of any dirt or mud. It was something I hadn’t noticed before as he stood on stage with Lashell, but being close to him now, I could see how well he cleaned up.
He didn’t hold my stare long before turning away to face Carla.
 “Gabe,” he introduced himself, and then reached his hand forward to shake both of theirs. Carla and Fletcher both introduced themselves, and then they turned to me. It took every ounce of willpower I had to not roll my eyes. When I didn’t bother reintroducing myself, Gabe sat straighter and continued, “You’ll probably see a lot of me around here over the next six weeks. I have staffers visiting each of the four schools, but Lashell and I are going to head up this team here in Sugar Creek. You guys are the smallest district, and you’re looking like the underdogs at this point. The other schools are working with groups of fifty plus, and I’m not sure it’d be such a bad idea to give you a little extra support however we can.”
“Wait a minute,” Carla said, holding up her hand. “Gabe?” she asked as if his introduction had taken a while to sink in. “As in Gabriel Raddick? Are you Gabriel Raddick?”
“I am,” he said, and it almost sounded humble. “Now, Lashell and I were talking—”
“Oh my God!” she squealed, cutting him off yet again, and then she leaned over to dig a folded piece of paper from the back pocket of her jeans. 
She unfolded the creases and turned it around, revealing a photocopied newspaper article from the Sugar Creek Gazette. The headline read “Local solider wins national philanthropy award.” 
“I’ve been reading all about you since I found out your program was coming to the school, but I had no idea that we’d actually get to meet you. This is amazing!”
Gabe licked his lower lip and maintained a blank expression. 
“I’m such a huge fan of your program, Mr. Raddick,” she continued. “Is it really true that you’ve raised a million dollars for local charities since you’ve been home from war?”
He tilted his head for a moment and then nodded. 
“Wow,” I said, and the word had slipped out before I’d even registered how impressive that really was. “A million dollars? Good for you.”
“Thanks,” he said, turning to me as if he couldn’t believe I was capable of giving a compliment. He looked at the others and then nodded as if he couldn’t be more eager to change the subject. “So what have you guys come up with for the program?”
Carla didn’t hesitate to give him a rundown on the short-term soup kitchen, and she even mentioned the possibility of receiving a cut of the theater admission proceeds.
“And Lashell mentioned that your little threesome here came up with the big, finale fundraiser for your district?”
“Oh, that was all Mandy,” Carla said, turning to me. “You wanna tell him?”
I stopped slouching in my chair and sat a little straighter. I looked around at all of the other groups as they huddled and talked, planned and divulged, and then I looked back to Gabe.
Okay, Mandy. Time to impress Mr. Big Shot. You’ve got this.
 “I talked to the others right after lunch, and we all agreed that it would be fun to do a dance of some kind.”
“A dance?”
“Yeah,” I said. “To celebrate the end of the six weeks, we could throw a massive party to acknowledge all of the hard work and money we’ve raised.”
“But organizing a dance takes a lot of time, money, and resources,” Gabe argued. “It’s great to celebrate, don’t get me wrong, but that’s not really what we’re aiming for.”
“My sister’s the president of the dance committee,” I said, powering through. “And I sit on the board…at her insistence. We have an abundance of resources on our hands, and I assure you that Bailey can throw a party.”
“Again, we’re not here to throw parties. What’s the point? What about the money?” he pressed. “How will you fund it?”
“Donations.”
“Wouldn’t it be easier to just put those donations directly to charity?” he asked, furrowing his brow. He slowly raised his hands to his face, and his index fingers formed a steeple just below his lips. “Why a dance?”
“We’re not going to ask for monetary donations,” I said, feeling as though the idea was quickly being shot down. “My sister’s boyfriend plays drums in the best band in town, and they would play a free gig, for sure. I already know he’s pro-charity, so the music’s covered, and I can’t see the school turning us down for the space. The rest we’ll scrape up.”
“And how does this function as the finale fundraiser?” he asked, finally lowering his hands. “How do you intend to earn anything from it?”
“Charge for tickets,” I said. “And maybe even set up a donation box inside the dance. Simple as that. I think we’ll be golden.”
“And with Homecoming just around the same time,” he said, “won’t that conflict?”
Carla’s grin widened into a smile, and she placed her hand on my arm to stop me. “May I?” 
“Go for it,” I said, giving up. Gabe hated the idea—that much was apparent. If she thought she could change his mind, I wasn’t going to stop her.
Carla loosened her grip on me and reached forward to take Gabe’s hands. Her fingers squeezed his gently in a reassuring manner. He looked down at her grip, slowly pulled his hands away, and tucked them in his lap.
Seeming a little jilted by his refusal to hold hands, Carla still pressed forward.
 “I know you’re skeptical, Mr. Raddick,” she said. “But we’re talking about something much larger than some, silly, high school dance.”
“Okay?”
“Like opening the doors and admission to the parents, the grandparents, even the rest of the public who might want to take their family out for a fun night of music and dancing.”
“A town dance?” Gabe asked, and he rubbed his scruffy beard. “Lashell approved this?”
“She was ready to go out and buy her dress the moment Mandy pitched the idea,” Carla said, and Fletcher snickered at the memory of Lashell’s dramatic exclamation only an hour earlier—I love the idea!
“I don’t know, guys,” Gabe said, shaking his head. “I think we’re losing sight of what the program’s trying to accomplish.”
“How?” I argued. “Lashell said that one of the approaches of RI is to collaborate with people in an attempt to positively impact our community. How is something like this dance losing sight of our goals? This kind of event will bring people together, it will create a safe environment for students and parents to spend time together, and we’re raising money in the process. Please explain to me how this isn’t the best idea you’ve ever heard.”
Carla and Fletcher stared at me wide-eyed.
“Okay,” Gabe said. “Say we give the dance the green light. What’s your theme? What’s the focus?”
“Family, togetherness, charity,” I said. “Stop me when you’ve heard enough.”
“Mandy, maybe you should take a breath,” Carla suggested.
“Those things are great, I’m not disputing that,” Gabe said, ignoring Carla as much as I had. “But if you want a large turnout, you need to think of something that gets people worked up. Pull at their heartstrings. Give them a reason to show up and pay five bucks for a ticket.”
“So,” Fletcher said, deep in thought. “A theme. Something like… relief for hurricane disaster?”
“You’re on the right track,” Gabe said. “But think locally. What will resonate with Sugar Creek?”
“Texting and driving has been a serious issue around here lately,” Fletcher said. “Lots of accidents, especially close to the school. Maybe a charity dance to promote safe driving? And we could emphasize the danger of cell phones behind the wheel.”
Gabe’s grin widened into a full-blown smile, and his hand landed with a thud on Fletcher’s shoulder.
“Genius,” he said. “Bringing awareness and togetherness to the community. Perfect.” Dropping his hand from Fletcher, Gabe turned to me and thumped my arm. “Isn’t that a perfect idea, Mandy?”




Four
“Remember back at the diner when I defended Raddick?” I yelled, stomping through the front door that evening. I threw my purse in the corner and didn’t wait for a response. “Well, undo it! Call him whatever you’d like, Bailey. The guy’s a jerk. And not your everyday, pain-in-the-butt kind, either. He’s a full-fledged, colossal, jerk wad and the bane of my existence!” I kicked both of my shoes in the corner and muttered, “Should’ve just run the creep over when I had the chance.”
“What’s that, Mandy?” Dad asked, poking his head out of the kitchen. 
“Oh,” I said, widening my stare. I looked down at my feet, trying to think of a way to take back what he’d just heard. “Nothing. Forget it.”
“Who’s the full-fledged, colossal, jerk wad?” he asked, stepping out. He leaned in the door frame between the kitchen and the living room, and he folded his thick arms at his chest. 
“It’s nothing.”
“The scowl on your face says otherwise,” he said, studying me with a keen eye. “Did something happen at school?”
“Nope.” I tried to brush past him, but he grabbed my arm and stopped me. I dropped my shoulders. “What?”
“What’s going on?”
“Nothing.” I shook his hand off of my arm. “Let it go.” 
I knew he wouldn’t understand even if I tried to explain.
Gabe and I had gotten off on the wrong foot, to say the least. Maybe if I hadn’t hit him with my car, threatened him off of school property, and treated him like complete dirt, things might go a little differently. But now, after only one day under my belt and six weeks to go until the end, I had a hard time believing things were going to get much better. If anything, the sharp pain in my gut had me feeling that things were only going to get much, much worse.
Dad tilted his chiseled chin upward and slanted a look down at me. I’d seen him look at so many people that way in the past, and I knew what he was trying to pull; it was his look of forced compassion, the one that was supposed to make everyone feel like he was on their side. He’d been working on that one ever since he decided to run for local office.
As much as I admired his enthusiasm, it was only fair to admit that Dad’s job as mayor was really something of a giant question mark. Bailey and I had always known that he was a bit of a fame whore and loved attention. He wasn’t the most political or decisive person, and he was just a little too aloof to be trusted with any kind of authority. That was only the tip of the iceberg. There were a dozen other reasons we questioned it, but none more bothersome than the fact that he’d never, ever showed any indication that he was headed for politics. In fact, he’d spent most of our childhood telling us elaborate (and probably exaggerated) stories of his days as a soap opera star, and there wasn’t a story he’d wrapped up without saying ‘and when I go back into television...’ 
It’d been two years since he’d first taken office, and he was killing it; the town loved him, the camera loved him, and we… well, Bailey and I tolerated him most of the time. But neither of us trusted him as much as the credulous townspeople of Sugar Creek. We stopped putting our faith into him a long time ago. 
I moved down the hall, hoping to avoid another question about my first day at RI. I stopped off at Bailey’s door and knocked, but she didn’t answer. 
“She’s out with Jones,” Dad called behind me, so I just kept moving.
“Perfect,” I muttered, and then I kept walking for my room. Once I closed the door, putting an extra barrier between me and my nosey father, I sat on my bed and pulled my laptop over from my desk.
After a few minutes of messing around, I clicked over to my e-mail to find only one new message, one from my senior editor at the school newspaper. The subject read: new story, and I knew it must’ve been urgent. Georgia rarely bothered the writers outside of school, and when she took the time to write us on a weekend, you could almost always bet it was something of dire importance.
Mandy, We’re running a piece on next Monday’s front page about the RI competition, and we want to include an interview with Gabriel Raddick. Since you’re working with the program, you’re the only writer on staff who’s got the inside scoop. I’ve got Santiago on pictures. A short article will suffice; it doesn’t have to be much, just enough to get some quotes. Try to get this back to me by Friday morning.  -Georgia
I groaned and shut the laptop, too frustrated to even mess with it for another second. As if working side-by-side with the man over the next six weeks wasn’t enough, now I had to interview him for the Sugar Creek High Herald? Perfect.
Two knocks came from my door, and Dad poked his head in. 
“Mandy,” he said, stepping in, “why did Darrel Yochum just call and tell me that he saw you parked in the middle of Highway 6 this morning?”
“Say what now?”
“He said that one of my daughters was parked in the middle of a state highway, standing outside her car talking to a man. It couldn’t have been Bailey. She was here with me. That only leaves you, so what? What were you thinking? Don’t you know how dangerous that is? You could’ve gotten hit.”
Yeah, my point exactly. Standing in the street could get you hit. Why was it that my dad understood that, but Gabe didn’t?
“Oh,” I said, searching my brain for an excuse. Any excuse would do as long as it wasn’t the truth. I just had to think of something that wouldn’t lead to getting my phone, car, and driver’s license taken away.
“It was just Gabe,” I said, clearing my throat. “He’s the president of the RI program, and he was stopped outside the park, and we just…well, we ran into each other.”
“You ran into each other?” he asked, narrowing his gaze, but then his eyes widened and he stood straighter. “Wait a minute. Gabriel Raddick? You were talking to Gabriel Raddick?”
“You know him?”
“Know him?” he asked. “I’ve been trying to get a lunch scheduled with him for months! His team has been rebuilding the park since May, so he’s always in town, but I can’t seem to get him on the phone for the life of me. Do you think you can talk to him, put in a good word for me?”
Oh, for crying out loud! Why did it seem like everyone in the world had not only heard of the guy, but fawned over his very existence? I didn’t get it; what was the big deal?
“What do you want with Raddick, Dad?”
“You’re kidding me, right? He’s a local celebrity, Mandy,” he said, and I scoffed at his answer. If that was true, why hadn’t I heard of him until a few days ago?  “We’re like-minded individuals. People with our kind of power and influence need to stick together, you know? There’s only a few elite in these small towns, and it makes perfect sense for those few to stick together.”
“You’re trying to buddy up with Gabe?” 
“You call him Gabe?” he asked, making a mental note. “He likes to be called Gabe.”
“Dad, don’t be creepy, okay? You’re not missing out on much by not having Gabe as a friend.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah,” I said. “He’s the full-fledged, colossal, jerk wad.”
Dad’s lips rounded into a perfect “O.” 
“I would’ve never guessed. I’ve only heard great things about him.” He shook his head and looked down at his feet. Just when I thought I was in the clear, his head snapped up again. “So, if you two don’t get along, what were you doing in the middle of the street together this morning?”
“I hit him with my car,” I said—like a band aid, quick and painless. Dad’s eyes widened for a moment. When I kept my face expressionless, he watched me a little closer, trying to read further into my tone. “And you know what? I’m not even sorry. I was, and I was truly concerned that I’d hurt him. But then I changed my mind.”
 A small chuckle slipped through his lips, and I watched him closely, trying to figure out which part of that he could’ve found remotely laughable. 
“I hit him with my car. You’re funny,” he mocked, pointing a finger at me. “You certainly didn’t get that morbid sense of humor from me.”
And then he turned and walked out of my room, shutting the door behind him. 




Five
“Mandy, hi!”
I turned when I heard my name, and I immediately saw Lashell tucked in the corner booth at the back of Maurine’s Diner. She motioned for me to join her, but I waved a hand as if to say ‘no thanks.’
“It’s okay,” I said. “I wouldn’t be great company; I’m just grabbing a quick bite.”
“Nonsense,” she said, standing up. “Get over here, and sit down.”
I didn’t want to. I really didn’t. I’d made it for years without having to make small talk over meals. I’d grown accustomed to eating alone, and just the thought of sharing a table with another person made me too uncomfortable. If it wasn’t family, it wasn’t worth it. I never knew what to say or how to act. 
I looked around the diner for a moment, and then I finally took a few steps over to her booth. 
“How are you doing this morning, sweetheart?” she asked, sliding into the opposite side of the booth as I claimed my seat across from her.
“I’m good,” I said, nodding uncomfortably. “And I guess… I guess it’s actually a good thing I’m running into you.”
“Oh?”
“I write for the school paper,” I started, taking my jacket off. She perked up as if that little bit of information had impressed her, and for some reason, that made me eager to keep talking. “I need to get ahold of Gabe to see if he’d be interested in doing an interview for an article I’ve been assigned. I wasn’t sure how to contact him, so I thought maybe you could call him for me, or maybe shoot him an e-mail?”
“Or you could just ask him yourself,” she said, nodding at the door. “I was just waiting on him when you came in.”
“Oh, he’s here?” I asked, and then I found myself scooting out of the seat. “Then I won’t bother you. Have your breakfast, and I’ll just catch up with him later.”
“Ladies,” Gabe said, stopping me before I could stand. He stood at the side of the booth and stared between us, but I did my best not to make direct eye contact. “Good morning.”
“Good morning, Gabe,” Lashell said, leaning into his light peck on the cheek.
“Mandy,” he said, leaning over to catch my gaze. “Good morning.”
If it hadn’t been for the distinct quality of his voice, I wouldn’t have known it was him. At first glance, Gabe didn’t look anything like he had the day before. Hovering over me in a blue, RI Staffer shirt and a high-collared jacket, I couldn’t help but study him closer. His face was clean and shaven, smooth enough to touch, and his cheeks were slightly reddened from the cool wind. The dirtied, blond hair that had been smashed beneath a ball cap just yesterday was now styled out of his eyes and off of his forehead. Between the change of clothes, a new hairdo, and a clean shave, Gabriel Raddick didn’t look half-bad…handsome, even.
“So you prefer the clean-look, then?” Gabe asked, snapping me out of my lingering gaze. 
“Oh.” I shook my head, hoping to ward off whatever it was that had kept me staring. “I just… I didn’t recognize you for a second. You look…different,” I mumbled, and then I snapped a look back to Lashell. “It was nice of you to extend the invitation, but I think I’ll just go so that you guys can—”
“Oh, no you won’t,” she said quickly. “Just sit there. Have breakfast with us. And for God’s sake, child, scoot over and let the boy sit down.” I looked at the empty seat next to me before turning back to her with a quizzical stare. “Honey, you’re half my size. The two of you would fit much better next to one another. This old maid needs her space. Now scoot. And you,” she said, snapping a finger at Gabe, “sit.”
Taking her order, I moved over, and Gabe dipped down to slide in the booth next to me. The moment he was within reaching distance, I could smell the lingering scent of coffee on him, and I guessed that he’d already gotten his morning caffeine jolt before coming in for breakfast. Still, when the waitress came by, he ordered another cup. 
 Careful to keep my distance, I managed to slide as far against the window as I could. 
“I don’t have rabies,” Gabe said quietly, leaning closer, deliberately brushing his arm against mine just to make me that much more uncomfortable. 
“I never said you did.” I pretended to read the menu I’d committed to memory years ago. 
I didn’t bother looking up when I felt his stare burn into the side of my face. Part of me wanted to, but I resisted the urge to give into my weaker self. The hormonal teenager half of me just sat tangled in a web of nerves, wanting to look up and steal a glance at his crooked smile or his blue eyes. But the responsible, budding adult I’d been working to mold myself into…well, she knew better. It didn’t matter how nice he looked, how successful he was, or how much everyone fawned over him. There’d been something between Gabe and me that hadn’t felt right from the start, something I just couldn’t explain. And whatever it was, it was new, and it was unwelcome. I had to ignore it. 
“Would you please stop staring at me?” 
“I wasn’t staring at you. I was looking past you.” He nodded beyond me. “Out the window. I was trying to read the sign hanging in the bookstore display.”
“Oh,” I said, turning to look out at Lexy’s Book Nook. “Yeah, okay.” 
“No apology, then?”
“For what?” I asked. 
“For yelling at me,” he said, feigning a look of hurt. 
“I didn’t yell at you.”
“You snapped.”
“Okay, so I snapped.”
“Let me ask you something,” he said, shifting in his seat. “What in the world did I do to make you hate me so much, Amanda Parker?” 
“Don’t.” I cringed at the sound of those two words. I shook off an instant image of my estranged mother and shuddered, drawing a closer look from Gabe. “Don’t ever call me that.”
“I can’t call you by your name?”
“My name is Mandy, okay? Just Mandy.”
He nodded once, and it almost seemed apologetic. For a few long seconds, Gabe held my stare, and the playful glint in his eye faded into something sincere. I couldn’t help but watch him then, wondering why he suddenly seemed like a completely different person. Something had changed in that moment, something had shifted. There was something there that I hadn’t expected, and I was at a loss as to what it was. There was a hollow feeling in the pit of my stomach. I couldn’t tell whether or not it had been sparked by hunger or by Gabe. But either way, I didn’t like the way it made me feel.
 “Oh, well, look at the time,” Lashell said, and our stare broke as both of our heads snapped in her direction. “You know, I forgot that I had somewhere I needed to be this morning?”
“Yeah, with me,” Gabe said. “I made a thirty minute drive from Desden—”
“I double booked,” she said, faking an apologetic frown. “Surely you understand—”
“Don’t,” Gabe said, snapping a finger at her as she stood. “Lashell Rowland Dunham, don’t you dare—”
“Well, it was good seeing both of you,” she said, slinging her purse up on her shoulder. “Gabe, I’ll call you later. And Mandy, I’ll see you later this week, okay?”
“Where are you going?” I asked, and I’d never heard my voice so high-pitched. “Lashell? You can’t leave. I thought you were—”
“Bye-bye now,” she said, scurrying away, and Gabe and I just sat there, open-mouthed and stunned. 
“She doesn’t have anywhere else to be, does she?” I asked, barely moving my lips. He shook his head, looking equally as shocked as I felt by her departure. I hadn’t seen that turn of events, nor was I at all pleased with how quickly I’d been left alone with Gabe. “Well, then, I guess we should go.”
“Or we could have breakfast,” he said, lifting the menu. “That’s why we’re here, isn’t it?”
“I’m not going to sit here and pretend—”
“That would be foolish, Mandy,” he said. “We’re both here. We’re both hungry. We might as well.”
“This wasn’t planned,” I said quickly, just so that he’d know. “I wasn’t supposed to meet her here, I didn’t know you were coming, and I had no idea she’d abandon us. I come here every Sunday morning for breakfast. This was just a freak coincidence.”
“I believe you,” he said, looking down at the list of breakfast selections. “So, what’s good?”
“Will you please move across the table?” I asked, ignoring him. I tried to move my arms, but I suddenly felt like I couldn’t breathe. “I’m suffocating over here.”
“Right,” he said, sliding out. He moved over to the seat Lashell had just vacated, and then he started reading again. For a few minutes, I couldn’t see him behind the plastic-covered menu, and I much preferred it that way. 
I liked him much better covered in dirt, mud, and looking like death. At least then I could rest assured that I wouldn’t stare. 
“So what’s your deal?” he asked, dropping the menu flat on the table. 
“What do you mean?”
“Mr. Davies tells me you’re a straight-A student.”
“Well, technically, that’s not true,” I said. “I got a C in World History my freshman year, and last year I got a B in Chemistry. But for the most part, I do okay.”
“So you’re a great student,” he said. “And you’re on the school’s dance committee, driven enough to participate in a charity competition, and… did I overhear you say you need an interview for the school paper?”
“I write the occasional article, yes.”
“So on paper, you’ve got it all together. What’s the problem?”
“Excuse me?”
“You have a chip on your shoulder, Mandy,” he said. “Big time.”
“I do not have a chip!”
He half-laughed as if he couldn’t believe that I’d even thought to argue. “Then what’s with the bad attitude?”
“I don’t have a bad attitude.”
“Well, you certainly don’t have a good one.” 
I looked down at the table and pretended to read the menu again for the second time in ten minutes, but I couldn’t concentrate on the words.
“You know, you’re not being fair,” I mumbled under my breath. “I didn’t say or do anything to provoke that attack.”
“I’m not attacking you,” he said, sitting a little taller. “I’m making an observation. I’m inquiring.”
“The thing is, though, I don’t believe that you are. I think you’re trying to be a jerk.”
“You think a lot, don’t you?”
“I do. I have a mind of my own, and there’s not a thing wrong with that. I don’t get by in life by letting other people think for me. And you know what else, Gabe?  I think we both know that you only like me about as much as I like you.”
“Well, that would be unfortunate if it was true,” he said. “You don’t like me. I get it.”
“Okay then.”
“But tell me,” he said, folding his hands as he leaned closer. “What exactly did I do to cause the hostility, besides putting a dent on the front of your car?”
 “Honestly?”
“Of course.”
“I think you’re arrogant and a little superficial,” I said. “You always think you’re right. Your way is the only way. You’re Mr. Big Shot, and everybody loves you, and I think you thrive on the attention. I think it bothers you that I didn’t recognize you, and I think that’s why you played along and let me look like an idiot in front of Lashell. You got a good laugh at my expense, and that, I’m sure, only fed into your big, fat, celebrity ego.”
“Fair enough,” he said, but his jaw clenched. I wondered if maybe he didn’t think it was quite as fair as he’d tried to make it seem.
“And sure,” I said. “I know that I’m distant, and judgmental, and that I have a chip on my shoulder, okay?”
“And you hate to be challenged,” he added.
“Of course I do!” I said, knowing exactly what he was referring to. “The dance was a good idea, but you were shooting it down. I hate being told that I’m wrong when I’m clearly not.”
“I wasn’t shooting it down,” he said. “I told you that I agree. I think it is a great idea.”
“Please. You were two seconds away from scrapping the idea altogether!” I said, throwing my hands in the air.
“It was a great idea, Mandy,” he said again, reaching forward to lower my arms. He didn’t let his touch linger after settling my hands back on the table. “But it wasn’t perfect. It wasn’t enough. You were too close to the idea, too committed to something without accepting room for change. That kind of attitude thwarts success. You have to be open to suggestions, challenges, and opportunities for growth.” 
“Okay,” I said, looking off to the side. “So what? That’s my burden to bear and no one else’s. 
“Except when you let those things affect how you interact with other people,” he said. “Then it becomes everyone’s burden.”
“Right,” I said, swallowing hard. 
His tone had said it all. I’d made my impression, and it wasn’t a good one. He didn’t like my attitude, he didn’t like that I had a mind of my own, and he didn’t like who I was even on a very basic level. He’d made up his mind about me, he knew how he felt, and that probably meant that I didn’t stand the slightest chance at winning the scholarship at the end of the program. 
It hurt to think that my worth as a person, as a member of his team, was being chalked up to what very little he knew about me. Maybe I hadn’t had the best attitude from the start, but he’d had a lot to do with that. He was taking what little observation he’d had, and he was making one very big assumption about who I was. And was that fair? Did Gabe have any right to judge me based on so little?
Did I have a right to judge him?
I didn’t know. Maybe what we saw on the outside, maybe that first impression was it. Maybe there was never anything more beyond that. Maybe he was right about me, and maybe I was the one who’d been wrong all along. 
Either way, I’d made a commitment, win or lose. If I planned to stick it out at RI and continue until it adjourned at the end of six weeks, I had to do whatever it took to impress Mr. Big Shot and change his mind at all costs. I didn’t want every run-in we had to end up in an argument, and I didn’t want to see his smug smile one more time. Nor did I want our time spent together to be uncomfortable, and when I was around him, discomfort was all I could feel. I couldn’t let that go on forever. I had to clear the air, even if it killed me.
“Gabe,” I said, tasting the sweat on my lips. “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry we got off on the wrong foot.”
“Yeah?”
“Yes,” I said. “I’m sorry you were standing in the middle of the street.” 
He tucked his chin and raised his brow, acting as if that’d been the exact kind of apology he’d expected. I took a deep breath and let it pass slowly through my lips. 
“I’m sorry I wasn’t paying attention, and I’m sorry I hit you. It was my mistake.”
“It wasn’t completely your fault,” he admitted, finally taking some of the weight off of my shoulders. Had he known how long I’d prayed to hear him say that? “I shouldn’t have been in the street, you’re right.” 
“I felt awful,” I said because I thought maybe he should know. I hadn’t tried to apologize out on the highway. 
“I went to the doctor; I had it checked out,” he said. “There’s nothing to worry about.”  
“You’re sure?”
“Yeah, it’s nothing,” he said, waving a hand. “Don’t get yourself worked up about it.”
“But you were limping.”
“It’s a character trait.” He cracked a smile, but I didn’t follow. “Listen, if it makes you feel any better, Mandy, please know that you didn’t cause my limp, okay? Give yourself a break. It was an accident. Now can we call a truce?” he asked, looking down to his hands before turning to look up at me. “Start over? Try again?”
There was something mischievous in his grin, and I hated that it intrigued me.
“Yeah,” I said slowly, shaking the hand he’d extended across the table. “Truce.”
Trying to ignore the steady pitter-patter smacking against my chest, I looked down at his blue, RI shirt and decided a change of subject was probably the best direction in order to move things along. 
“So do you always pitch in and help on the projects?” I asked, tearing my eyes away from him and back to the menu. “You don’t normally hear of the founder and president of anything stepping down and getting his hands dirty, and yesterday… well, Gabe, you looked borderline-homeless in that get-up you had on.”
He tried to restrain a laugh, but he failed miserably.
“I do what I can,” he said. “I pitch in where I’m needed, skipping around from time to time. We have the school competition now, the soup kitchen in Desden, the street team, and the park crew. I try to mix it up. It keeps life interesting.”
“And how long have you been doing this? Running the Raddick Initiative, that is?”
He tilted his head. “Really? I would’ve thought someone like you would’ve done your research.”
Someone like me? I didn’t know what that was supposed to mean. I wasn’t entirely sure I liked the assumption, but I took it as a compliment anyway. 
I allowed myself to sit there and ponder his meaning for so long that Gabe leaned forward to catch my gaze. “You all right there?”
“Yeah,” I said, trying to think of the best way to respond. “To be perfectly honest, I didn’t do my research, and I’d never even heard your name until they ran the article on the front page of Thursday’s paper. I’ve only learned a little about the program since Lashell hosted the assembly at school on Friday, and I know nothing about RI except what she and Carla have told me. That’s not much.” 
I tried to distract myself from his fixed stare by looking down at my hands, but that didn’t last long. 
“I started the Raddick Initiative six months after I left Iraq,” he said, and the corner of his lip twitched as he reached for his coffee. “It was never in the plans to start the program so early in life, but I had a wake up call, and I realized that if I wanted to do it, it had to be now. So Lashell and I teamed up when I got home, and RI is heading into its second year.”
“That’s great.”
“I knew what I wanted,” he said, trying to shrug it off as something that wasn’t nearly as impressive as it was. “I’ve always known.”
“So the Raddick Initiative was always in the cards?”
“Always,” he said. “I never doubted it.”
“And the military?” I asked, leaning forward. “What happened? Was that your wake-up call?” 
A slight nod put an end to that discussion very fast, and the faint twitch at the corner of his lip made me think that maybe I’d pressed too far. See, that’s what I hated about shared meals. I always found a way to put my foot in my mouth.
“Well, whadaya know?” I said, finally meeting his stare again. “You’re not half-bad, Raddick.”
“Careful,” he said, taking a sip from his mug. “Compliments are dangerous. You wouldn’t want to feed into my big, fat, celebrity ego, would you?”
“No,” I said. “I most certainly wouldn’t want to do that.” 
I checked my cell phone for the time. Even though we hadn’t ordered anything but our drinks, I couldn’t fathom the idea of sitting there any longer. No doubt I’d say something else to make the morning more uncomfortable than it already was. 
“Listen, I should go.” I dug a few bills out of my purse and set them aside on the table. “But before I do, can I get your number?”
“My number?”
“Or e-mail address,” I said quickly. “My editor really wants that interview on her desk sometime this week. And… you know what? Forget it. My dad says you’re a really busy guy and that your schedule is jam-packed. I didn’t even ask you to do the interview. I just assumed you would, and like an idiot I sat here rambling on and on—”
“Hey, take a breath,” he said, reaching across the table to lower my hands for the second time that morning. The moment his fingers touched mine, there was an unexpected spark, a tiny snap that exploded between our hands—something took me by surprise and set my heart off on a wild cadence. I think Gabe felt it, too, because he jerked his hand away and examined the finger where his skin had touched mine.
“I’ll do the interview,” he said, finally looking back up to me and dropping his hand to his lap. 
He sat there trying to pretend that spark we’d both felt had been nothing more than static electricity, but I think we both knew better. It had been something else, something huge. Something I couldn’t begin to understand. What was going on with me? What was going on between us?
“But let’s do it in person, okay? We’ll do dinner tomorrow night at Shae’s.”
“No, no, no,” I said, still caught off guard by the spark. I tried to steady my breathing as I collected my thoughts. I was nowhere near ready to sit through another awkward conversation, like the one we’d just had, so I shook my head. “A phone interview will do just fine.”
“Are you sure?” he asked. “I don’t mind meeting you.”
“I mind,” I said. “I just… I don’t do well in one-on-one settings.”
“You’re doing fine now,” he said, and I felt my cheeks flush red with warmth.
“Just let me call you, Gabe, please.”
“Okay, sure,” he said. I programmed his number into my contacts. “Call anytime.”
“Yeah,” I said, forcing my phone back into my pocket. “I will.” 
I stood up, slung my purse over my shoulder, and headed for the door. 
“’Ey Mandy,” he said, tilting his head back. “I’ll look forward to your call.”




Six
“I’ll look forward to your call,” I mumbled under my breath as I stopped at the only traffic light in town. I shook my head and listened to my left turn signal click—click, click, click, click. I swore even my car mocked me. The clicks seemed faster than usual. Today they were unusually taunting.
A faint groan slipped through my lips. 
I pulled away from the diner trying to let Gabe’s words roll off my shoulders—in one ear and out the other, you know? And it shouldn’t have been too hard. Dad always complained that Bailey and I had an incredible knack for tuning out and ignoring things, so why did it suddenly feel impossible to ignore just six, simple words? 
Of course I knew. It was because Gabe said them. I only wished I could understand why that meant anything. And what was with that spark? What was it about that guy? 
A chill got the best of me.
Back home and far enough away from everything that had happened back at the diner, I spent the rest of the day avoiding any thought of Gabe, the Raddick Initiative, or my upcoming volunteer hours with the program.
I dedicated the better part of the afternoon working on an English essay and avoiding my sister, and thankfully, my father, too. I’d noticed that Dad was spending most of his free time working. That kept him out of the house and down at his office most evenings. Sundays were certainly no exception. As for Bailey, it was always hard to nail down exactly where she’d be. 
And that’s basically how the rest of the weekend played out. Monday morning rolled around and it was time for school, so I stuck to my everyday routine and got ready.
The drive to school was an interesting one because this time I had Bailey in tow, and she was only one more distraction that I didn’t need while behind the wheel. Since hitting Gabe on Saturday morning, I’d suddenly become the most paranoid driver on the planet. I paid extra special attention to the road as I turned off Main Street and drove by the park gates off of Highway 6. 
“You’ve been quiet this morning,” Bailey said, observing me from the passenger’s seat. “What’s going on?”
She didn’t need to know that I’d been thinking of Gabe as we passed the park, and she most certainly didn’t need to know about the spark.
The less Bailey knew, the better.
“Nothing.” 
“Right,” she said, rolling her eyes. “Try again.”
“I’m allowed to be quiet.” I barely darted a look at her before focusing my attention right back to the road. “It’s nothing.”
“Yeah, my infallible twintuition says otherwise,” she said. “You’re gripping the steering wheel; your knuckles are white. Your voice is shaking, your forehead’s sweating, and I’ve never seen your cheeks that shade of pink. Something’s different.”
“Nothing’s different.”
“And I’m going to go ahead and say it’s a guy.” She squinted at me. “You’ve met someone.” When I didn’t respond, not even with the slightest look, glance, or indication that she might be right, she sat straighter and readjusted her seatbelt. “Oh my God, you’re not denying it. You are so in love.”
“Will you let it go already?”
“Who is he?” she asked, and her jaw dropped. “I heard you were working with Fletcher Wilson. Is it him? You and Fletcher?” 
She faced the windshield for a moment, trying to picture the idea of that match-up. When she shook her head and cringed, I couldn’t help but do the same.
“It’s not Fletcher,” I promised. “No way.”
“Oh, thank God,” she said, putting her hand over her heart. “Then who is it?”
“Let me stop you right there.” I slowed down as I approached the backed up traffic just outside school. I flipped my turn signal and waited to turn into the parking lot, and then I finally cleared the turn. “There isn’t a guy. I’m not in love, and I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Then why did you bring it up?”
“I didn’t bring it up,” I said, parking the car in my assigned spot. “You did.”
“Because… you’re like… you’re like the freakin’ Queen of Solitude, Mandy,” she said. “And somebody has done something to bust up that ice-cold exterior of yours. Someone’s gotten to you, whether you like to hear it or not. It’s all over your face; it’s in your movement.”
“What?”
“You’re usually calm and relaxed,” she said. “You’re chill, at ease. And you act like that because you’re always getting your way—you’re alone, and you like that. But when someone gets too close, your whole body goes berserk. You get all tense.”
“What are you talking about, Bailey?”
“You parked the car two minutes ago, and you’re still gripping the freakin’ steering wheel like we’re going to blow up if you let go! You’re on edge.”
“I’m not on edge,” I said, finally peeling my hands away from the steering wheel and throwing my seatbelt off. “I’m simply trying to be a better driver, that’s all. A group that I’m involved with is about to host an awareness fundraiser about the consequences of unsafe driving habits, and I’m just trying to practice what we preach.”
“Well, that’s a load of bull,” she said, finally getting out of the car. She reached in and found her purse and back pack, and without another word, she turned on her heel and headed for the school entrance. I didn’t bust my butt trying to keep up with her, but I didn’t need to. She was waiting just outside the door by the time I caught up. 
“I know you think no one knows you as well as you know yourself, but that’s where you’re wrong. You walk around acting like you’ve got it all figured out, but you’re just as lost as the rest of us. Get the stick out of your butt, and quit pretending to be someone you’re not. You’re human. You’re allowed to feel things, Mandy.” I rolled my eyes, hoping she’d see my impatience, but she ignored me. “Not everyone is going to hurt you like Mom did. Not everyone is going to break promises like Dad. Having friends, that’s okay. A boyfriend? That’s fine, too. You can’t push everyone away forever just because you got hurt once. Those stupid rules you made up, that’s all they are—stupid.” 
I looked down at my feet and she quickly stomped my toe with the point of her heel.
“Holy crap, Bailey. What the heck?”
“Look at me when I’m talking to you,” she said, pointing a finger in my face. I held her gaze, but I wanted nothing more than to break down and cry right then and there. I didn’t think my oncoming tears had anything to do with my crushed toes. “This is the last time I’m going to say this to you, okay? What you’re doing, the way you treat people, it’s not normal. You need to stop this act before it gets out of control,” she said, shrugging. “Because one of these days, someone’s going to come along, someone who deserves your time and attention, someone who might really care about you, and you’re going to be too far gone to even see what’s right in front of your face. You’re going to miss out on true love, Mandy. And I’m not going to feel sorry for you when you do.”
And then she turned and walked away. 
I looked back down to my feet again, and then I shook my head. 
“Love,” I whispered, and I almost choked on the word. 
No one finds the love of their life when they’re eighteen. Even if it was possible, didn’t she know that young love was always destined to end in tragedy? Hadn’t she read Romeo & Juliet?
What could my sister ever know about falling in love? She wasn’t in any kind of position to give me advice. Sure, Bailey knew a lot about a lot, but when it came to love and my ability to find it… she was most certainly wrong.
I—do—not—fall—in—love, and I never would, especially at eighteen. But my biggest fear was that maybe I had the potential to develop a crush, and that thought frightened me to the depths of my very soul. But...if that potential could exist, and if there was even a slight possibility that I could feel something like that, did that mean that spark I felt at the diner had been real? Did that mean Gabe had become the game-changer?
I didn’t know. 
But I did know one thing, and that one simple truth brought me to tears yet again: as far as Gabriel Raddick was concerned, my heart was in serious trouble.

 
I followed my sister into the building and watched as she turned down the right-hand corridor to meet with her two best friends. The three of them had a standing tradition: get to school fifteen minutes before the first bell, catch up on anything they might have missed since they’d last seen each other, and then break off for the day, knowing they’d have to wait until lunch to reconvene for more juicy gossip on the happenings around the school.
I definitely wouldn’t have pegged my sister and her friends as the school’s mean girls; that wouldn’t have been a fair assessment. Sure, they were a close-knit group with zero room for new friends or outside-infiltration. They were beautiful, materialistic, and popular, but they rarely treated anyone poorly. People liked them, and some even worshiped the ground they walked on. But the gossip they shared with one another stayed amongst their group. There was something sacred about their bond; what happened in their group, stayed in their group. For that, I was very thankful. No doubt Bailey was filling them in on her suspicions about my (non-existent) love life. I could deal with a few people thinking whatever they wanted to think, but I couldn’t deal with the pressure of the larger rumor mill at our school. So for Bailey and her friends’ silence, I at least had one thing to be thankful for going into the day.
I started my mornings in the news room.
“Mandy,” Georgia said, sliding her chair out from under her desk. I looked up to our editor, and she looked down at me with a disappointed glance. “I never heard back from you this weekend. You got my e-mail, right?”
Georgia St. James was a senior and the editor of the school’s popular newspaper, the Sugar Creek High Herald. It was under her reign last year that the program was spared from taking the ax. The administration had nearly scrapped the whole program in order to clear some room in the budget, but Georgia swooped in with a two-year proposal and led the rally against the shutdown. In her first year as editor, only sixteen years old and a junior in high school, she came in and cut the journalism costs by 60 percent. Of course, that took us down to producing a bi-weekly paper. With a new edition only coming out once every two weeks, she was a stickler for getting the best articles from the best reporters. 
She called upon my help a lot because she knew she could count on me to do the job quickly and efficiently. Despite our mutual admiration for one another’s work efforts on the paper, we rarely exchanged a word outside the classroom. She had her group of friends, and I managed just fine on my own. 
See, those rules I’d created for myself weren’t stupid, no matter what my sister thought. I needed them. I needed the security. It was when people were reckless enough to break the rules that chaos ensued, and I had no room left in my life for chaos. So the three most important rules remained: 
#3: Cut out Mom.
#2: Keep everyone at arm’s length.
#1: Never fall in love.
That last rule was the most important because I knew what love could do to people; love, or falling out of love, destroyed families. And you can’t fall out of love if you never fall into it, so it was crucial that no one ever got too close. I wouldn’t relive my parents’ mistakes. I wouldn’t destroy another life the way my parents destroyed mine.
I’d followed the rules for four years since leaving California, and I hadn’t been hurt once. Bailey could say what she wanted to say, but it didn’t seem so stupid to me.
Sure. In a world where I actually needed socialization and human contact for survival, Georgia would’ve been the kind of friend I would’ve clung to. She was kind, direct, and always focused, and she never stuck her nose where it didn’t belong. She would’ve made for a great, best friend. 
“I did, yeah. I got your message Saturday night,” I said, sitting straighter. “I just… I hadn’t gotten around to responding. I’ve been distracted,” I admitted, hating that I couldn’t even muster a believable lie. 
She flipped her ginger hair back over her shoulder as she settled in next to me. With her pen poised above her notepad, she was ready to take notes.
“I know it’s last-minute, but is there any chance you can get that interview?” she asked. “If we’re going to run this article, it has to be done next week. I’ll have to have it on my desk Friday morning to run in the Monday issue.”
“Yeah,” I said, scratching the side of my neck. “I think I can get it. I mentioned it to Raddick yesterday, and he seemed okay with giving us whatever we need. I’ll get the interview.”
“When?”
“Huh?”
“When are you doing the interview?” she asked, still ready to write down the details, but I didn’t really have anything more to give her. 
“I don’t know yet,” I said. “The details are still a little vague, but we’re going to set something up. Rumor has it that he’s a pretty busy guy.”
“Get a firm commitment from him by tomorrow,” she said. “Don’t leave me hanging on this, okay? This program is hot news at the school right now, and we need to get this article on the front page next week.”
“I’ll get the interview, and I’ll do the article,” I said, turning to her. Her face beamed a little brighter, and I could see that my promise to do it meant that she would have one less thing to worry about. “Can I just say something, though?” I asked, and she nodded as she set the pen and paper aside. “I know that you think this is an excellent piece for the paper, and I don’t doubt your judgment for a second. But I’m not sure it’s worthy of the front page. To be fair, I think you’re giving it more weight than it’s worth. The program, the Raddick Initiative… they mean a lot to the people involved, but it’s not really ‘hot news’ in Sugar Creek, and it’s most certainly not important to the vast majority of the students here at school. The junior and senior classes count for about… what? Four-hundred members of the student body?”
“No, 426,” she corrected me, and then with a nod, I sensed she wanted me to continue with my point. 
“Okay, and of those 426 students, we only had a turn-out of eleven volunteers to compete for our school’s team. Gabe says that the competing schools are working with groups of fifty plus. I’d say that RI is hot news out in Desden or Oakland and even out there in West Bridge, but not in Sugar Creek. There’s just not a lot of interest here.”
“Okay,” she said, pulling her hand up to her chin. “Is the program still open for enrollment? Can more students join even though it’s already started?
“I don’t really know the rules on that, but I don’t see why not,” I said, but I prayed she wasn’t headed where I thought she was.
I didn’t want to find myself writing an article trying to talk-up the program to recruit more students. Both the junior and senior classes had already sat in on the information assembly last week. If they hadn’t committed themselves then, what were the chances they would commit themselves at all? An article like that had the potential to go completely ignored. 
“Well, if there’s still room for more to join, then we have options here,” she said. “We can take the original angle and run a piece on the project, the first week’s goals and progress, and a little background information on the Raddick Initiative, or you can write a call to action piece and see if it helps drum up some extra volunteers for the program. It may not be hot news yet, but we could make it hot news. What do you think?”
As much as I hated the idea of taking the alternative route, the latter of her two options was the fairest for everyone—the school, the program, the community. Of course we needed as many volunteers as we could get, and the more we had, the more chance the school had of actually winning the competition. If even a few people read the article and signed up for the program, we’d have that much more manpower to help us bring it all together.
“I’ll write the call to action piece,” I said, feeling the opportunity to win the scholarship slip further and further away. More volunteers meant less of a chance at winning. Even with my idea for the killer, dance finale at the end of the program, I might’ve been screwed. Considering my short (and somewhat) regrettable history with Mr. Big Shot, and now the opportunity to invite more help into the group, I couldn’t see how I’d ever stand out amongst the crowd. 
But what choice did I have? I had to do what was right for the collective whole. Isn’t that what Gabe, Lashell, and everyone at the Raddick Initiative would do?  
I didn’t know. I just had to trust my gut, and that meant doing what was best for everyone, damning my own selfish wants and needs. It didn’t matter how much I wanted my chance, or how much I needed the money. If it meant doing the right thing, then there was really no question about it. I just knew I had to do it.




Seven
“I never pegged you for the dining alone type,” Gabe said, sliding into the chair next to mine. I looked up from my notebook and studied his slight smirk, and then I threw a glance around the noisy lunchroom. “And yet, here you are, all by your lonesome. What are you doing sitting over here all alone? Why aren’t you eating with your friends?”
“What are you doing here?” I asked, feeling my face drain of color. I couldn’t even be bothered to answer his questions. I was too surprised to see him at school in the middle of the day, in the middle of all of my classmates, acting like he had some kind of free pass to just waltz in and start interrogating me. Politely interrogating, I’ll give him that, but still. “Are you allowed to be here right now?” Again, I looked around the busy cafeteria. “I’m not sure—”
“It’s fine,” he said, pointing to the guest pass hanging around his neck. “I have a short meeting scheduled with Mr. Davies at twelve.”
Okay. So he did have some kind of free pass, and of course he would. He was Gabriel Raddick. 
 “I had a couple of minutes, thought I’d come say hi,” he said with a smile. I caught him staring down at the notebook for a second before his gaze snapped back up to meet mine. “Whatcha got going on there?”
 “Scribbling down some notes for the article I’m writing on the program,” I said. “I bumped into Carla this morning, and one of the other groups on our team has organized a car wash down at Maurine’s Diner for this afternoon. I told her I’d definitely be there to help out, but that kinda leaves me crammed for time. I had really hoped to get an outline for the article done today. I’m just trying to squeeze in as much as possible now so that I don’t miss anything.”
“You’re outlining your article now?” he asked. “We haven’t even interviewed—”
“I think that’s off the table,” I said, letting the pen fall from my fingers. I rubbed my face and then dropped my hands into my lap. “I talked to my editor this morning, and she wants to go another direction.”
“Okay?”
“She offered up the idea to write a call to action piece, trying to get some more students involved in the program. She wants to make the program hot news in Sugar Creek, so I guess we’re going another way.”
His brow furrowed as he readjusted his seat. “Well, that’s a good idea in theory,” he said. “I don’t hate the idea of shedding some light on the program, but don’t forget the bigger picture here.”
“And what’s that?”
“What about the rest of you, the ones who’ve already put in hours this week to get this thing up and running for your school?”
“What about us?”
“I’m never going to turn down volunteers, Mandy. The more the merrier, but speaking up and asking for more help doesn’t seem fair to the rest of you. The more students we have trickling in, the less chance the original eleven have at winning the scholarship in the end. I’m not entirely sure your RI teammates will be too happy about lessening their odds.”
“I agree,” I said. “But you just said that you wouldn’t turn down volunteers, and if we have more help, wouldn’t that make a bigger difference? Wouldn’t that cause a larger impact on the community, win or lose? We’re running against schools that have five times the amount of volunteers that we do. Maybe if we had more we’d make a bigger difference.”
“Maybe,” he said, but I wasn’t convinced that he meant it. “But sometimes less is more.”
“Okay, yes, I feel bad for the original eleven—especially since I’m one of them—and if I write the original article, I could carry on knowing that I had a one-in-eleven shot at a free college education, considering we win. But if I don’t write it, we’ll never know if there was a chance for more. It might be worth taking a shot. I know it’s not completely fair to the rest of us, but isn’t it about doing what’s right and not what’s fair?
“Most of the time,” he said, leaning a little closer and lowering his voice. “So what did the rest of the group say when you told them about your article?”
“Oh boy...” I looked down at my hands. “I hadn’t thought to tell them.”
“You have to think about them, though, Mandy. And if I’m allowed to offer my two cents,” he said, as if he hadn’t just sat there and offered it anyhow, “I think you should talk to your editor and try to get your original assignment back. Something like this is only going to hurt your group, and you don’t want to stifle their productivity, especially this early in the program. They’re working hard because they know they have a good chance at winning, but if you take that chance away from them, then who’s to say it’ll be worth it? They might give up. And then what?”
“You don’t think I should write this article?”
“I don’t.”
“Not even to spread the word for your program?” I asked. “Not even for a little exposure for RI?”
“Not even for us,” he said. “Do what’s right for the group who’s already committed to helping. Do right by your team.”
I nodded. “Well, the good news is that I still have the option of writing my original article,” I said. 
“And the bad news?”
“I’ll still need an interview.”
“That won’t be a problem,” he said, smiling, and I shuddered at the hint of gaiety laden in his stare as he leaned a little closer. 
I was completely awestruck by the way he held my stare. There was a certain degree of intensity in the way he looked at me, and I wanted so badly to pretend I didn’t see it, but my heart wasn’t responding to the pleas of my better judgment. I kept holding his gaze, studying the subtle movement of his eyes as he studied mine, and I felt myself slipping further away from the comfort and security of solid ground. I was drowning. I’d suddenly forgotten how to breathe. The steady cadence in my chest had exploded into something that felt much more like a full-blown drum-line. I was slipping, and I had to pull my head above water before it was too late.
“Oh!” I said, trying to find any excuse to look away. My eyes shot down to my notebook, and I quickly turned to the next page. “I have updates. You want updates?”
“Sure,” he said, settling himself back in the chair. 
I slid the notebook in his direction and tried to keep my cool.
“The dance is scheduled for Friday, October 18th,” I said. “I ran the idea by our principal this morning, and he cleared it; he said a quick phone call to the administration office, and the gym is all ours for the night of the dance.”
“Impressive.”
“Wait until you’ve seen this,” I said, pointing at the next note on the page. “My homeroom teacher’s husband owns the print shop uptown, and he’s going to cover all the printing costs for our flyers, invitations, tickets, and anything else we may need for that night. I haven’t talked to Jones yet about having his band play, but I don’t think we’ll have a problem there. I’m still not sure what we’re going to do about food and drinks, but I’m sure that’ll come together soon. Oh! And Georgia, my editor for the paper, said she’ll make room to advertise the dance in each issue leading up to the event. She’s even giving your story the front page next week.”
“Wow, Mandy, that’s excellent,” he said. “Looks like you’ve got this all under control.”
“Not quite, but it’s getting there,” I said, closing the notebook. I picked up my fork and started poking at the heaping pile of spaghetti on my plate. I wasn’t really hungry, but focusing my attention anywhere else was the best possible way to keep from locking eyes with Gabe for the second time in five minutes. 
“So you never answered my question,” he said, dipping down to catch my stare. “What are you doing sitting over here all alone? Why aren’t you sitting with your friends?”
“What friends?” I asked, trying to disguise the pity with a half-laugh. “This is a pretty normal routine for me, Gabe. And don’t go feeling sorry for me. I haven’t been banished from my inner-circle. This is a choice, and it’s one I’m fine with.”
He slid his chair closer, and his brow furrowed as he narrowed his gaze. I looked back down to the food and tried to ignore him again.
“Let me ask you something,” he said, nudging me with his shoulder. “Why’d you sign up for the program?”
“Why not?” I asked. “It was the chance to do something different. Lashell made it sound interesting, and if there’s a chance to win a scholarship when it’s all said and done, then that’s great, too.”
“But between school, the newspaper, and the dance committee, don’t you have enough going on?”
I felt my hands go numb. Panic set in without a moment’s notice, and I had no idea what had triggered the onset of my nerves. Was it just the simple fact that he was asking, or did his question carry more weight than it was meant to seem? 
What did he want me to say? I’d already given him the easy answer, one that I didn’t think left any room for interpretation. 
How had he read into it? How had he seen past my lie? 
“I liked the idea of winning the scholarship,” I said again, but this time I was keenly aware of the fact that a casual conversation had just turned very personal. Rule #2: Keep everyone at arm’s length! Although I knew the rule, and I knew the consequences of breaking the rules, there was something shaking inside of me, something that I didn’t want to bury. It was as if I could hear the words spilling from my mouth, and yet I couldn’t do anything to stop them. “I didn’t sign up to make a difference or lend a helping hand. It wasn’t about the volunteer work at all.” He nodded as if he’d somehow already known that. Still, I couldn’t stop talking. “I thought it would be good for me and my sister to take a step out of our comfort zones for once. Bailey, because she doesn’t really do anything if it doesn’t directly benefit herself.”
“And you?”
“Because…” I said, thinking back to the conversation I’d had with my sister just before school. 
Her words still haunted me as I sat there staring at Gabe. I knew I didn’t owe him a heart-felt confession, but for some reason unknown to me, I felt compelled to give him nothing less than the truth. I started to wonder if maybe it had everything to do with Bailey’s advice earlier that morning.
 My hands were shaking as I looked back up at him.
“I had to leave my best friends four years ago when we moved to Sugar Creek, and I refused to make any more friends when we got here,” I said, and my mouth went dry. I took a quick drink of water, but it didn’t do a thing to settle my nerves. “I thought I wouldn’t need anything more than what I had, but then life happened, we grew up, and everything changed. Bailey made new friends. We drifted apart. She went her way, made a whole new life for herself, and I… I just stayed the same. Life kept happening around me, time passed, and I got left behind.”
I finally looked up from my table again and met Gabe’s stare. He watched me, a vacant expression etched on his face as we looked at one another. I couldn’t tell what was on his mind or what he was thinking, but I knew that his attentiveness went far beyond just hearing what I said. He listened to me. 
“I woke up one day and suddenly realized that I didn’t have anyone,” I said, suddenly anxious to keep talking. I wanted to maintain the focus he’d given me, and I knew that the longer I talked, the longer he’d listen. I couldn’t remember the last time someone had looked at me that way, listening as if my words were the only thing that mattered. “I moved here thinking I had everything I’d ever need, so when people tried to claw their way in, I only pushed harder to keep them out. I convinced myself that it was okay to be alone. But after Bailey broke away and started doing her own thing, that’s when I realized how alone I was. After living this way for so long, I knew I had two options: I could try to make new friends, or I could try to fix what was broken with my sister.”
This time he nodded, but he didn’t make a sound.
“Family is the most important thing to me, so I chose Bailey,” I said, feeling an overwhelming sensation of relief. Years of pent-up frustration slowly made its way to the surface and out into the world. “After four long years, I finally decided to do something about it. I was tired of being alone, tired of pretending like it didn’t bother me. I signed up for the program hoping for a miracle, I guess. I thought it would be a good chance to bond with her again, to rekindle something we once had. I thought if we could find something that we both enjoyed doing together, then maybe she would remember that I’m her sister.” I closed my eyes and shook my head, hoping that when I looked back to Gabe he wouldn’t see the tears I fought so hard to hold back. “I just want her to remember what we had, and that I’m not just some girl that she’s forced to co-exist with.”
He nodded slowly as the silence lingered between the two of us, and as I watched Gabe’s sympathetic eyes, I couldn’t begin to figure out where any of that had come from. What was it about him that made me so eager to let go of all my inhibitions? What made him so different? 
Opening up to him and watching his interest,  I found myself digging up all of the pain that I’d buried and vowed to forget. I’d always known that signing up for RI had been about spending time with Bailey, but I never realized how much it had really meant to me until the words had already slipped off my lips. 
Sure, I was excited about the program, about winning the scholarship—something I desperately needed. But had it unconsciously been about something bigger than that all along? Had I just signed up to compete in hopes to fill some gaping void in my life that could only be filled by my sister? Had Bailey been right at the diner this weekend? Had I really become so desperate for social interaction that I’d signed up to get involved with something that I would’ve normally turned up my nose at? Was that really how it happened? 
So much of my life in the past few days had just gotten lost inside a thick fog of uncertainty. Had I tried so hard to hide the truth from everyone else that I’d even started fooling myself into believing the lies? 
After a few seconds of listening to the buzz of conversations happening around us, Gabe scooted his chair right up next to mine and leaned in closer to me. 
“Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” I said, wiping the single tear that had made its way to the corner of my eye. 
“That was brutal honesty, Mandy,” he said, and his hand landed gently on the top of my back. I raised my shoulders to my ears, feeling the tension kick in the moment his hand brushed across the back of my shirt.
“Yeah, well,” I tried to ignore the way that my body responded to his touch, “I’m distant, judgmental, carry a chip on my shoulder, and I hate to be challenged, but I never said I wasn’t honest.”
His thin lips quirked into a smile. 
“You only have to be alone as long as you want to be,” he said. “You have a hundred, potential friends sitting all around you right now, and one friend,” he said, narrowing his gaze, “sitting here talking to you now.”
“Oh, let’s not pretend we’re friends,” I said, trying to force a smile. 
“You can change the subject and try to cover it up with a laugh if that makes you feel better,” he said, patting my back. “But that doesn’t change the facts. People aren’t going to just walk into your life and stick around if they’re not invited to do so. If you’re eager to fix things with your sister, tell her so.” With a couple gentle taps, he moved his hand and backed away. My shoulders slowly fell again. “I’ve got to get to that meeting now,” he said. “But think about it, okay? If you want things to change, then you have to change them.”
“Yeah,” I said, nodding once. He stood and pushed his chair back in place, and with one last look in my direction, he turned on his heel and headed for the door.
I sat there watching as Gabe walked further away from me, weaving in and out of the tables and making his way closer to the door. My heart grew heavier the farther he moved, and I knew what the heaviness meant: I didn’t want him to walk away. 
His final words kept echoing inside of my head: if you want things to change…
 “You have to change them,” I said, feeling something spark inside of me. I sprang from my chair and sprinted after him.
“Mandy?” I heard Georgia say as I jogged around her table. I saw her perk up out of the corner of my eye, but I never stopped to respond. I just kept moving closer to Gabe, and just as his hand landed on the door, I grabbed his arm and stopped him from stepping out.
“Gabe,” I said, and he turned back, widening his stare. I took a few deep breaths, trying to catch the ones I’d lost on my sprint over to him.
“Mandy,” he said. “Are you okay?”
“I forgot to ask you about the interview,” I said, still panting.
“Yeah, I gave you my number,” he said. “You can call any time.”
“But you were right,” I said, swallowing hard. “Something like this interview is better done face-to-face. Are you still up for dinner at Shae’s? I’ll let you pick the date and time. Whatever works for you.”
His worried expression faded, and his lips widened into an amused smirk. 
“Yeah,” he said. “Absolutely.”
“Perfect.” I stood tall again. “Okay. Go. Don’t miss your meeting. Mr. Davies despises tardiness.”
“Thanks for the heads up.”
“Yeah.”
As Gabe turned to walk out the door, he looked back over his shoulder and smiled, an expression that made me curious to know if maybe he’d thought all along that I would change my mind about the article, the interview, and the possibility of getting together to have dinner.
“Have a great day, Mandy,” he said, and with that, he was gone.
I knew right then and there, if there had ever been any doubt before, there wasn’t any more. I was most certainly in a heap of trouble. Gabe had a hold on me.




Eight
I hung up the phone after a short conversation with Georgia. I needed to let her know that I’d decided to tackle the original article and interview with Gabe, and after a dozen promises not to keep her waiting forever, I hoped that I’d hear from him soon.
I sat cross-legged on the front porch swing, dressed in my RI volunteer shirt. I was outlining a series of interview questions, if and when we nailed down a date and time for the interview. I’d left that ball in his court, so while it seemed that it was entirely up to him whether or not we’d see each other again before Friday, I knew that I’d have to push to set something up if he didn’t initiate the next move. 
Because we were all headed to the same place, Carla, Fletcher, and I decided to carpool to the diner. The other eight volunteers from our school were coming out to support the cause as well, and it wasn’t until our group arrived that we realized how quickly word had spread. People were coming from all over town for a quick car wash, and most of them were donating quite generously to the cause. 
Carla, with her understandable fear of being soaked by an army of teenage boys, all heavily armed with water hoses and wash buckets, spent most of the event walking around and collecting donations from the drivers as they pulled up. Fletcher and I, though, were both elbow-deep in water, suds, and damp towels for the better part of two hours. Everyone really chipped in and did their part, and our first shot at raising money had gone over better than any of us expected. I even heard Carla mention in passing that she estimated we’d pulled in just short of five-hundred dollars in a few, short hours. 
 “Mr. Raddick!” Carla squealed from the other end of the parking lot, and my head jerked up at the sound of his last name. “Oh my goodness! It’s so good to see you.”
I turned my attention away from the blue Prius I was washing and looked up to see Carla bopping up and down as she talked to Gabe over by the building. She twirled her long hair around her finger, looking as though she was purposely doing whatever she could to catch his eye. I couldn’t make out what they were saying, but the two of them remained engaged in conversation for five minutes. She kept touching him and giggling as they chatted, and I felt a stabbing pain twist deep in my gut every time her scrawny fingers landed on his arm. I hated how comfortable she was around him, and her confidence sickened me beyond belief. 
Why couldn’t I be that breezy every time Gabe dropped by? Why was I always the one getting tongue-tied, nervous, and flustered? Why couldn’t talking to Gabe come as easily to me as it did to her? She didn’t have to mask anything with an argument or with forced laughter. She didn’t get emotional; she didn’t tear up. It was so natural. Whatever she had, whatever it was that I didn’t have, it made being around Gabe look so incredibly easy.
Trying to ignore my insecurities and keep my mind focused, I eventually finished spraying down the car, trying to put the image of Gabe and Carla behind me. Just as I backed away to pass the hose off to one of the other volunteers, Gabe stepped up next to me and managed a half-wave. 
“We’re seeing you a lot around here lately,” I said, bending down to get my sponge out of the bucket. 
“You mentioned the car wash earlier.” He squatted next to me. “I thought I’d check it out.”
“I thought you would,” I said. 
 “Yeah?”
“Yeah,” I said. “After all, it is the first big event for the district, and you’re heading up our team.”
“Right.”
“Of course, I thought you’d show up with a mud-covered car and expect us to make it look shiny and new, but I guess even I’m capable of being wrong from time to time.”
“Wow,” he said, stifling a half-laugh. We stood in unison and he let his hands fall to his sides. “I thought we called a truce.”
“We did.”
“Then what’s with the hostility, my friend?”
“No hostility.”
“I don’t know,” he said, and a boyish smirk got the best of him. “From the sound of that last comment, I’d say you still think I’m just a big, fat jerk.”
I gnawed on my upper lip. “To be perfectly honest, I haven’t quite figured out how I feel about you yet.”
“Ah, but I didn’t ask you how you feel. I asked you what you think. Feelings and thoughts are two different things, Mandy,” he said, looking up at me as he hinged forward to pick up my soap bucket. “Dump this?”
“Yes, please,” I said, wringing out the sponge. I dropped back down to the ground and sorted all of the supplies I’d used over the last two hours. I kept my hands busy, and I tried to ignore the whole notion of feelings and thoughts being two separate entities. I much preferred to believe that I could use my mind to manipulate my emotions however and whenever I saw fit.
After Gabe had dumped the water and passed the bucket off to Fletcher, who was now collecting all the supplies he’d borrowed from home, he kneeled down next to me at the edge of the pavement and flashed a look at me from the corner of his eye.
“Yes?” I kept my hands busy organizing the soaps, waxes, and unused rags inside the plastic divider.
“Where’d we land on that dinner?” he asked, picking up the organizer just as I finished filing away the last bottle of soap. We stood again, and the car supplies hung at his side as we walked back toward the group. 
“I thought I left that ball in your court,” I said. “You pick the time and date, remember?”
“You free tonight?” he asked, tucking the supplies into the back of Fletcher’s beat-up truck.
“Tonight?” I asked. “Yeah, I guess, but,” I looked down at my wet and soiled RI shirt, “I’m a mess. And I’d have to catch a ride home so that I could—”
“I’ll take you. We can swing by your place so you can get cleaned up,” he said. “I’m not in any hurry.”
I tried to imagine letting Gabe come to my house, but then all I could picture was Dad and Bailey nearly killing each other as they ran to the door, ready and willing to tackle the poor guy and interrogate him to no end. If I brought the founder and president of RI into our home, Dad may never let him leave. And if Bailey was there…oh no. That definitely wouldn’t be good. That would only feed right into her suspicions, and that was definitely the last thing I needed.
“You know what?” I said. “That’s probably not the best idea.”
“The dinner or letting me take you home?” 
“The latter,” I said, knowing the dinner had to happen, sooner rather than later. “It’s not you, I swear. It’s my dad. And my sister.”
“Your dad and your sister?” 
“My dad has this weird obsession with influential people,” I said. “So naturally, he has this crazy notion that you should be his best friend. I guess he’s been eager to meet you for a long time.”
“Ha,” he said, almost laughing. “Eager seems like such a gentle word.”
“Oh?”
“He leaves a message for me at least once a day,” he said. “Twice if it’s the weekend. Apparently I’m pretty special to your father.”
“So I heard,” I said, and we both shared a smile. “Sorry about that, by the way. He never knows how to take a hint.”
“Ah, it’s nothing. I’ll have to schedule a lunch with him soon,” he said, probably because he knew it would be better to get it over with than to keep prolonging the inevitable. “And what about your sister?” he asked. “Is she hell-bent on meeting me, too?”
“Not quite, but Bailey requires an elaborate explanation,” I said. “And I’m not sure I’m prepared to prepare you for what you’re in for with that one.”
“Ah,” he said, nodding once. “Well, I think I’ve ignored your father about as much as one person can. If it’ll buy you a little time this evening to get ready for dinner, then I can’t say I would mind entertaining his questions for a while. And I’m sure your sister isn’t as bad as you let on.”
“Then you have more faith in her than you should.” 
I felt that Gabe sensed that I wasn’t ready to let him come into my home—whether it was because of my dad, my sister, or my own insecurities because he let his smile fade into something a little more serious. 
“How about this?” he said, pulling his keys from his side pocket. “I’ll drop you off at your place so you can clean up—”
“And grab my notes—”
“So you can clean up and grab your notes, and then you can just shoot me a text when you’re ready. I’ll come back and pick you up.”
“You don’t have to do that,” I said. “I can meet you at Shae’s. It’ll save you the drive.”
“Nonsense,” he said as we walked to the edge of the parking lot. Stopping at the back of a black Corolla, he lifted his keys just high enough to unlock the doors. “Let’s do this.”

My return home had been a quick and painless one. Neither Bailey nor my father had been home, so I was able to drop inside, change my clothes, and grab my stuff—all in a matter of minutes. In no time at all, we were already seated and ordering our food at the nicest restaurant in town. 
“Okay, this is weird.”
“What’s that?”
“You’re just sitting there watching me eat.”
“I’m not, though,” Gabe said, nodding at my uneaten sandwich. “You haven’t taken a bite in over twenty minutes.”
I felt my lips pull over to the side, amused by his point. I hadn’t touched my food for a while, for a good reason. It became increasingly difficult to eat anything in front of Gabe, and not because I was self-conscious, but because Gabe was full of questions that required an endless string of answers. I may not have always had the best attitude in the world, but I had manners. And I wasn’t about to sit there and talk with my mouth full. Besides, not even considering the concept of manners, I couldn’t imagine I’d look too flattering trying to communicate anything with lettuce flapping between my lips. Of course, I knew it didn’t matter how I looked in front of Gabe, but I still found myself caring. That was enough to keep me from taking a single bite.
We managed to make it through our first forty minutes together unscathed. He hadn’t said anything remotely rude, and I managed to keep my opinions and bad attitude at bay. It seemed that our truce held up on both ends. And while I understood that this dinner was supposed to act as an opportunity to interview him for the school paper, he didn’t seem to understand that. Every time I asked him a question or tried to get back on track, he’d crack a goofy joke or start talking about anything but the project.
And as we sat there and talked, I kept watching Gabe, observing every little thing I could about him. He moved his hands a lot to convey a point, and I couldn’t quite tell if it was for emphasis or if it was simply a nervous habit. But Gabe didn’t have any reason to be nervous, so I pegged his hand gestures as another one of his so-called ‘character traits.’ As he sat there talking, I couldn’t help but let my mind wander back to Saturday afternoon, back to the diner when I’d had lunch with Bailey and Jones. I vividly remembered the things my sister’s boyfriend had said, the way he’d described the man sitting right in front of me. For someone Jones had so easily pegged as a social misfit, Gabe didn’t really fit the bill; he just didn’t strike me as the kind of guy who’d ever had any kind of problem fitting in. He was handsome, respectable, and successful, but above all of that, he was comfortable in his own skin. And if he wasn’t, he had an incredible way of disguising it.
“I’m afraid I don’t really have much to go on at this point,” I said, looking down at my digital voice recorder. Gabe had been willing to let me record our interview, but since we hadn’t really gotten around to that part yet, all I’d really recorded was the first half-hour of our dinner conversation.
“Oh, right,” he said, sitting a little straighter. “I guess we should get to that, huh?”
“That’s probably a good idea,” I said, looking down to the small notebook I’d kept next to my plate. I picked up my pen and let it hover over the page.
“I’ll have to admit that I’m guilty,” I said, breaking the short silence. “I’m coming into this interview a little unprepared, so please bear with me. I didn’t have much time for research before we met.”
“And why not?” He let his head drop a little to the left. He studied me from the corner of his eye, and I felt an instant pang of guilt. I knew I probably shouldn’t have spent two days volunteering for a group I knew very little about, and I thought I sensed that exact same lecture making its way off the tip of his tongue. If he hadn’t smirked just then, I might’ve taken him seriously, but it was clear that he was only teasing. 
“You know how it is—so much to do, so little time,” I said, gripping my pen. “So, Mr. Raddick—”
“Stop right there,” he held his hand up. “It’s Gabe. Always Gabe. Or Gabriel. Or hey you. Or what’s-your-name, but never Mr. Raddick. I’m only twenty-one, Mandy; don’t make me sound like such a stiff.”
“You’re only… twenty-one?” 
“Why does that surprise you?”
Oh, gee, I don’t know. The fact that you don’t quite look twenty-one, the fact that you have a two-year-old charity program, you’re in the military, you’ve been to war. I could probably come up with a hundred more! But then I remembered Jones saying that Gabe had been a senior during his sophomore year, and that would make Gabe two years older than him. Since Jones had graduated high school last year, it made perfect sense that Gabe was twenty-one.
But how could he have done so much at such a young age?
“I spent sixteen weeks in OSUT,” he said, answering my question before I had the time to ask it. I had no idea what he meant by that, but I assumed he was referring to his military training. “My unit shipped out to Iraq only two months after I completed my training. Six months out of high school I was already in combat.”
“Wow,” I said. Then it hit me that Gabe was actually giving me some really good material, so I started scrawling.
“I was deployed for two months before I returned back to the States,” he said. “My unit remained stationed, but I suffered an injury. I wasn’t in any position to stay.”
“What kind of injury?” I asked, knowing it must have something to do with his limp. 
“Is it imperative to the story?” 
“Well, no, I suppose it’s not,” I said, and he nodded.
“When I got home,” he said, brushing over the details of what happened at war, “I went in for surgery, rehabilitation, and then recovery. That made up for a good six months of my life. It was sometime during that recuperation period that I decided it was time to start focusing on RI. I was getting anxious and impatient. I wanted to get out, get moving again. I told you before that I always planned for the program eventually, but I never imagined I’d get it running so early. The time came, and it had to be done. So I teamed up with Lashell—”
“And how did you two meet?”
“I’ve known her my whole life,” he said, half-laughing. “She was…” He paused and his smile faded. I watched him closely as he searched for the right words, and finally he just shook his head. “She was a mother-figure of sorts.”
“Oh, wow.” I wondered exactly what he meant by that. “I kinda figured you’d known each other for a while, but for a lifetime? That’s amazing. It’s apparent that she’s very protective of you.”
“She’s great, huh? She’s always pushing me in the right direction,” he said, and then his smirk widened into a grin. “Anyway, we had the program going for a while, and we were making our mark in a lot of crucial ways. We were getting a lot of media attention, and the exposure was great for RI and the charities we work for. We wanted to keep doing as much as we could, so Lashell pitched the next big idea.”
“And what was that?”
“She wanted to bring the program into the schools. The competition we’re doing here, it’s the foundation’s first go at raising money for local charities through this kind of program. If it’s successful, we plan to keep doing it. If it works out, we’ll pack up and move elsewhere, keep spreading the goodness, you know?”
“What do you mean?” I asked. “You’re not planning to stay in the area?”
“We’ve been around here forever,” he said. “And RI has been here for almost two years. We’ve done just about everything we can in this region. We opened the soup kitchen in Desden, and that was huge. It was a much-needed change for their community, and it’s still going strong. We’ve built new parks and renovated the old ones. We’ve cleaned up the streets; we’ve started food and clothing drives. We’re in the schools now. That’s great because we hope that what we’re doing will make an impression on the students, and that you guys will try to continue the good work long after you’ve left the program.”
“So then what’s the plan?” I asked, no longer focused on writing. All of a sudden, all I could hear him saying was ‘we can’t wait to get out of here.’ 
“Ideally, what we’d like to do is uproot, move, and set up shop in a new community every quarter,” he said. “We’ll try to stay in the schools if we can, but we’ll have to have volunteers everywhere we go. That’s one of the big challenges we face.”
“Oh.”
“Most of the volunteers we have now are minors or putting themselves through college,” he continued. “So it’s just not practical to expect much more than a few months’ commitment. The staffers though, like Lashell and me, will move when the group moves. Of course, we’re primarily local right now, as I said; we’ve only done work in this region, but we’re scheduled for a stop upstate in the spring. And hopefully, in the fall, we can kick off another district competition with schools up there. We’ll see how it goes.”
It was wondrous to hear Gabe talk about the project the way he did. It meant a lot to him, that much was clear. I really admired that he could speak so passionately about something that he’d given so much of his heart and soul to; knowing how special it was to him, it made it much more special to be a part of the whole program. No matter what our roles were, no matter how big or small, it just gave me this overwhelming feeling to know that I—and everyone I’d teamed up with at school— had been given the opportunity to be a part of it. 
I knew it was a great idea for Gabe to uproot and move. He’d made his mark on our town and all of the towns around us. He’d done his part here, and it was only best that he keep doing whatever he could to help other communities. He wanted to spread the love, and that was amazing. But that meant he had to leave, and for some reason, I had a hard time stomaching that. 
Not wanting to give that questionable feeling of mine another minute of thought, I shook my head and prepared for another question.
“So, you grew up out in Desden, right? Graduated from Desden High School?” I faked just enough confidence to make it seem like I really knew for sure. 
“I did,” he said, his lower lip quivered slightly with his response. I couldn’t tell if it was the sudden change of subject or the topic of choice, but something had taken him by surprise. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat and then tilted his head. “How did you—?”
“I may not know a lot, but I know some things.”
“I thought you said you hadn’t had time to prepare for this interview.” He tried to disguise his discomfort with a forced smile, but I could tell that my simple mention of his high school days put him on edge. “All right, so tell me. How many bad yearbook pictures did you dig up?”
“None,” I assured him, and he actually seemed relieved by that bit of information. “You can relax, Gabe. I’m not sitting on a pile of blackmail over here. I really didn’t have time to properly prepare for the interview. I just got to talking about the program the other day with my sister and her boyfriend, and it turns out that he knew you from school; he said you graduated a couple of years ahead of him.”
“Oh yeah?” he asked. “And who is your sister’s boyfriend?”
“Jones Smith,” I said, hoping the name wouldn’t bring back a flood of terrible memories. If Gabe really had been an über-recluse back in the day, Jones—and all of the other people like Jones who thought Gabe was just a loser and a freak—may not have left him with the most pleasant memories. The last thing I wanted was to dredge up anything bad or pour salt in any open wounds. 
Gabe seemed to search his memory for a minute, but nothing in his expression changed. “I vaguely remember the name, but the face isn’t coming to me.”
I nodded once. I was ready to let it go, but I’d piqued his curiosity. He turned in his chair and watched me a little closer.
“Is that all he said?” he asked. “Just that he knew me?”
“Yeah, for the most part.”
His lip twitched, and I sensed that he didn’t believe my lie. Still, he let it go. 
“So your sister—”
“What about her?” 
I was eager to move past the awkward subject and into safer and more comfortable territory, but I wasn’t so sure how safe the subject of Bailey was for me. Gabe already knew how much her friendship and support meant to me, and I didn’t want to shed any more light on my insecurities with my relationship with her.
“She didn’t want to do the program?”
“Oh, Bailey’s not really the type,” I said. “Which is why I wanted her to do it in the first place.”
“And she’s… how old?”
“Oh, she’s my twin— identical twin, actually. People can rarely tell us apart.”
“That’s cool.”
“And that might be a stretch,” I said, stopping him before he got ahead of himself. “I love my sister, I do, please don’t misunderstand. But Bailey and I are the perfect example of why the term identical only refers to our physical similarities.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah,” I assured him. “We both grew up with the same parents, same values, same everything, but we couldn’t be less alike. She was never treated any better or any worse than I was, so it’s fair to say that our upbringing was identical, sure. Yet we grew into two, completely different people.”
“How so?”
“Okay, don’t think me immodest, but I like to think I’m a little more grounded and morally sound than she is.” I heard just how self-righteous the words sounded. “Again, let me just say that I love her, I do. But she’s a bit self-absorbed, and she loves men. Well, she basically loves anyone who’ll pay attention to her. She thrives off attention. Nothing means more to her than her friends and her schedule, and that couldn’t be further from who I am. And I don’t know, I find it all a little strange. I just think it’s weird how two people who’ve lived the exact same life could turn out so differently.”
“You know differences aren’t always a bad thing, Mandy.”
“But like I told you at lunch, we used to be close,” I said. “Naturally, we were inseparable. But things changed, and I don’t know… Bailey changed. We just grew apart. Sometimes I think it would’ve been easier if she was older or younger or… maybe even my brother; I don’t know. But she’s my twin sister. We’re supposed to have this undeniable connection, this unbreakable bond, and we just don’t have it.”
Silence got the better of us for a few, long seconds. 
I’d already said too much. In the past eight hours, I’d let Gabe too close; I’d let him see more than I ever wanted anyone to see. Now he wasn’t saying anything. If I sat there and kept talking, I knew I’d only keep digging that hole deeper, and I’d be lucky if I was ever able to climb out. 
“I’m really sorry,” I said, stealing a glance at my watch. “I don’t want to talk about this.” I reached over and flipped the power on the voice recorder. “I should probably get home before it gets any later. It’s …” I let a breath pass slowly through my lips. “It’s a school night, and I have a lot to get done still.”
Though I managed to give him that lame excuse with a straight face, I wasn’t entirely convinced that he’d believed me. Still, he played along.
“Okay, sure,” he said, nodding at my plate. “Do you want to take that to go?”
“I’m not sure it’s worth saving at this point,” I said, looking down at the sandwich.
Though I’d tried to be persistent and pay my own half of the bill, Gabe insisted on picking up the tab for both of us; I hated that I caved in and let him have his way, especially considering that he was paying for food that I hadn’t even eaten. 
When we reached the parking lot, Gabe opened the passenger door of his black Corolla and nodded for me to take a seat. Doing my best to get in the car without making any unwanted contact, I settled into the seat and fastened my belt. Just like when he’d taken me home and picked me up earlier, the car was cozy, warm, and it carried the faintest scent of coffee. It smelled like him. I took a deep breath and grinned.
We rode in silence for a few minutes, neither of us throwing a glance in the other’s direction. When we pulled up to the driveway, Gabe hustled around to the side to let me out. It was very gentlemanly of him, and I was surprised at how much that gesture impressed me. I always thought of myself as the kind of girl who would hate something cheesy and corny like that, but something about the smile on Gabe’s face as he did those small things seemed so sincere. I think it was the sincerity that I liked more than anything. The gesture itself was only secondary. 
“So when will I be seeing you again, Mandy?” Gabe asked, walking me up to the house. His limp seemed to have gotten better since Saturday morning, but he still struggled a bit on the steps.
“I don’t know,” I said, turning back to him at the door. “You seem to have a habit of popping up unexpectedly. I guess I should be asking you when I’m going to be seeing you again? Plan on jumping out in front of my car anytime soon?”
“I didn’t jump out in front of your car.”
“And I wasn’t texting,” I admitted for the first time. “I just wasn’t paying attention.”
“I was inspecting the front gates,” he said, finally giving me the answer I never thought I’d get. At least I could rest easily knowing that we were both a little reckless and irresponsible. “Okay then. I suppose I’ll see you on Thursday at the soup kitchen kick-off.”
“Sounds good.”
Standing there, neither of us really sure how to part, I simply stuck my hand out to shake his. Gabe’s eyes trailed down to look at my outstretched hand. For a moment, I thought he was going to leave me hanging, but he eventually lifted his hand and took mine. He simply held it that way for a few seconds, never shaking it, the way he had once done before on Saturday. His fingers only tightened against mine with a gentle squeeze, something that was so simple but felt so warm and tender. 
“Thursday,” I said quietly, and then he nodded. 
“Thursday.”




Nine
Neither Bailey nor my father had been home when I arrived. Dad left a note on the kitchen counter that said he was headed out for a while and would be home by seven, but he didn’t bother leaving any specifics. 
It wasn’t until seven that Bailey had strolled through the door and slammed it shut behind her. I distinctly heard her throw her purse into her bedroom, and I could make out each of her steps as she walked to the end of the hallway to my open door. 
 “Hey, where’s Dad?” She leaned at the door frame, tapping her foot. “Hello?” 
I looked at her once and then back down to the pamphlet. I didn’t want to talk to her. After the way she treated me at school that morning, I couldn’t imagine that Bailey and I had anything left to say to one another.
 “Ah, come on, you’re not still mad at me, are you?”
I rested on my stomach, reading over the information packet I’d gotten from Lashell at the assembly last Friday. After the little back-and-forth joking I’d done with Gabe over the fact that I hadn’t yet read up on the program, I thought it was about time I took a few minutes to do just that. After all, it probably wouldn’t hurt to know a little background information for my article. And if I learned a little about Gabe in the process, then I guess that was okay, too. Again, I needed to know as much as possible for the article. Rule # 8: Always be prepared. 
“Mandy, are you going to answer me or not?”
I kept my head low as I pretended to read the information just under ‘Volunteer Code of Conduct.’ 
“Mandy,” she whined, and then she stamped her foot. One slow and timid step at a time, she finally made her way to my bed and sat down. “Please look at me. Please?”
I did as she asked, but I quickly found myself wishing that I hadn’t. Bailey had twisted her face into the most pitiful expression, one that looked far too pathetic and forced. And although I knew she was only faking her puppy dog pout, I couldn’t stay angry. I looked at her pouted lip, and I couldn’t see anything but a reflection of myself. How could I be mad at my own sad face? 
“Whatcha readin’?” she asked, settling in next to me. She took the booklet out from underneath me and flipped through a few pages. She studied the front matter, read a quick ‘welcome’ paragraph, and then she slid it back to me. “I thought this was just some lame attempt to win some money, but you’ve really gotten into this whole program thingy, huh?”
I twisted my lips and looked over at her, savoring that moment for as long as I could. For a brief second, I almost thought I’d gotten my sister back. She was quiet, intuitive. She was taking the time to ask me about something that mattered to me, and that was something she hadn’t done in a very long time. She was showing the side of herself I hadn’t seen in months, the side that I’d so long hoped to get back.
“Yeah,” I said, sitting up. I folded my feet beneath my legs and picked up the booklet once more. “I’m glad I decided to do it.”
Bailey remained quiet for a few seconds, and then she stared down at her hands and avoided my gaze. 
“Listen, I’m really sorry about what happened at school this morning,” she said, and her voice cracked under pressure. It was the first apology I could recall hearing from her in years, and I knew even saying that much had been difficult for her. “Sometimes I get caught up in the heat of the moment and say things I don’t really mean.”
I nodded once, but didn’t say anything. 
“I know I hurt you, and I just… I don’t want you to be mad at me,” she said. “I feel like you’re mad.”
“I’m not mad,” I said. “I’m just… I don’t know, Bailey; I’m hurt. Sometimes I don’t think you realize how deep your words can cut.”
“I’m sorry,” she said again, and I knew better than to press it any further. Two apologies from Bailey, no matter how small, carried a lot more weight than one grand apology from any normal person.
“It’s okay,” I said, and she breathed a sigh of relief. “Just try to be a little more sensitive from now on, okay? I’m not you. I can’t just let comments roll off my shoulders.”
Again, she nodded. 
“So you’ve made some new friends through this RI thing?” she asked, trying as hard as she could to stay open to the idea. 
“I guess,” I said, not entirely sure that I could call them ‘friends.’ “There’s Carla and Fletcher, Lashell… Gabe.”
“The Gabe?” she asked, crinkling her nose. “Loser-Gabe?”
“See that’s the kind of stuff you can’t say,” I said, pointing a finger at her. She laughed. “You’re being insensitive again.”
“I’m only teasing.”
“Right.” I guessed I would just have to accept that, no matter how much she tried, Bailey would still take a jab wherever she could get one in. 
“So, any idea when Dad plans to come home?” she asked, looking over her shoulder. “He hasn’t been around much lately.”
“He should’ve been here by now, at least according to the note he left on the counter. I wouldn’t worry too much, though. He’s got a lot coming up; you know how he gets when there’s a lot of pressure mounting. He’ll come around.”
“Yeah,” she said, but she didn’t seem to be listening to a single word I said. “But did he say where he was?”
“No. He left a note, only said that he’d be back by seven.”
“Right,” she said, and then she clicked her tongue a few times. “Can I tell you something?”
“Sure.” She leaned close, and her voice dropped into a low whisper. “I think he’s only staying away because he’s avoiding us.”
“Meaning?”
“I think he’s going to quit.”
“What? What do you mean you think he’s going to quit? He spends every waking moment at the office!”
“Or does he?” she asked. “When has he ever specifically said he’s at the office? He always says he’s working—”
“On his projects—”
“Think about it, Mandy,” she said. “When’s the last time he’s ever mentioned anything specifically?”
I tried to remember, but she was right. There hadn’t been a single mention of his work, the office, or his mayoral responsibilities in a long, long time. I couldn’t remember the last time he’d ever given us any kind of specifics; he’d started giving us some pretty lame excuses, but I hadn’t really taken the time to notice.
Was he crumbling under pressure? Had something happened? It didn’t seem out of character for Dad to give up when things got hard, but he wouldn’t break a promise to Sugar Creek the way he’d broken his promises to us. Would he?
“You’re right,” I said, shaking my head. Bailey nodded as if she hadn’t doubted that fact for a second. “He’s been very vague. I can’t believe I didn’t notice.”
“Mmm-hmm,” she said, pursing her lips. “I think I know exactly what’s going on.”
“And?”
“I overheard him on the phone last week talking with Ripken.” 
“Okay?”
“Think about it, Mandy,” she said, taking a serious tone. “Ripken. When is the only time you’ve ever heard him use that name?”
“Oh no,” I said, cupping my hands over my mouth when the realization hit me square in the face. Harrison Ripken was my father’s agent back in the day, back when he was hot stuff out in LA. “You don’t think he’s—”
“I do,” she said. “I heard him tell Ripken that it’s a ‘flattering offer,’ but he needs to take some time to figure out whether or not it’s the most viable situation for our family right now.”
“He’s thinking of leaving?”
“I’d almost bet my life he is.”
“No,” I said, feeling my heavy heart sink further into my chest. “He’ll do it, won’t he? He’ll take the job and move us back to California.”
“Not if I have anything to do with it,” she said, sitting straighter. “Sure, I want to end up in LA eventually, but this girl has plans. Everything has to happen according to those plans. First, Homecoming queen. Then prom queen, graduation, and summer. Then California. He’s not messing this up for me.”
I barely heard a word she said after that. She just kept talking, kept going on and on about all of the things she’d be missing if Dad accepted a role in LA, but I couldn’t make sense of anything; between her jabbering and the chaos swirling through my brain, nothing made sense.
And the most confusing part of all was that the moment the thought of leaving struck me, I didn’t think of my responsibilities at school, my perfectly mapped-out future at Desden University, or what it would be like to start over again at eighteen. It wasn’t even that I thought about Gabe or the Raddick Initiative. 
Sure, those thoughts occurred to me eventually. But not right off the bat. 
She came to mind. She was California to me, and I hated California.
You want to give me an ultimatum, Jim? Great. 
I closed my eyes when Mom’s voice cut through me, an eerie reminder of what we left behind. There hadn’t been a single day in four years that I hadn’t heard her voice. Her words, her screaming, her pleas for freedom, they were etched in my brain since the moment I walked in on their fight. 
I choose the show. I made that show what it is, and I won’t walk away from it now.
I shuddered, hating how fresh the wounds were even after all the time and distance. 
Go ahead! Leave. But you’re out of your damn mind if you think you’re going without those girls. I never wanted this life. You knew that when we met. I wasn’t cut out to be someone’s wife, and I sure as hell wasn’t meant to be someone’s Mom. 
I swallowed hard. 
I had no doubt that our mother would want to see us about as much as we’d want to see her. 
There was no mystery why I didn’t want to leave. Sugar Creek had become my escape from that life, and I couldn’t go back. Not now. I was finally starting to like things just the way they were—with Gabe, Bailey, the Raddick Initiative, and without Mom.
Moving to LA meant leaving a lot behind, but it also meant facing a part of my past I never wanted to face again. 
I needed to move forward because backward wasn’t an option. It just wasn’t. 
 
Bailey paced by the door, and she waited on our father to make his grand return home. When he didn’t show up (or even call) by eight, she gave up the pacing and went back to her own room to stew a little longer. 
I wondered just how long Bailey had already been stewing on her own; if she overheard Dad’s conversation with Ripken sometime last week, that meant she’d been holding on to her anger, her fears, and her worries all by herself. She might’ve confided in Jones somewhere along the line, so she wasn’t entirely alone, but I knew she wouldn’t say anything to her friends. That would be the one secret they wouldn’t keep. If the Queen Bee was about to take flight, the whole school would know. It would’ve gotten back to me in a matter of minutes. 
I just wished she would’ve said something sooner. 
Why had she waited to drop that bomb today of all days? Why had she let me sit there and talk about how much I liked the way things were going, only to turn around and rip it away from me in one fell swoop?
Bailey popped her head into my room and declared that she couldn’t stand the silence any longer and she just had to get out of the house. Of course, I knew what that meant. She was headed out to see Jones. She never waited for my response before leaving, and that was probably for the best. I hadn’t been able to muster enough strength to pull my head up and look at her, let alone try to find the right words. 
Bailey had only been gone for thirty minutes when the front door clicked open again. I knew it was too early for her to have already come home. That only left one other option: it was Dad returning home from wherever in the world he’d been. While I’d been anxious for answers only an hour earlier, I’d emotionally exhausted myself since. The last thing I wanted to do in that moment was face him. I knew I wouldn’t be able to look him in the eye and listen as he lied to me about where he’d been and what he’d been doing.
“Girls?”
His baritone voice echoed through the hallways, and I pinched my eyes shut, pretending to be fast asleep. I heard him stop off at Bailey’s room and let go of a low groan, one that could’ve only meant one thing: he was mad that she’d gone out so late on a school night. A few steps down the hall and two light taps on my door, he finally made his way into my room. 
I squeezed my eyes tighter.
The edge of my mattress sank down, and Dad’s strong hand caressed the top of my head, his fingers slowly raking through my dark hair. 
“Mandy?” he said quietly, trying to wake me from a slumber. He might’ve been a great actor himself, but it was clear that he didn’t recognize another great actor when he saw one; I’d fooled him. I wished he would just leave it at that, but he kept pressing. “Hey…” He gave me a little shake, and my eyes finally snapped open.
“You fell asleep on top of your blankets,” he said, giving me that goofy grin of his. “And you’re still wearing your shoes.”
“Go away,” I said, turning into my pillow to hide my face.
“Mandy, come on, sit up,” he said, trying to turn me over. 
“Oh my God, Dad, leave—me—alone,” I said, sitting up. I shoved by him and slid off the other side of my bed. 
“I was trying to help,” he said. “You fell asleep in your—”
“I wasn’t asleep, okay? Now go,” I said, opening my door wider. 
“What’s going on here?” he asked, slowly rising to his feet. “Did I miss something?”
“Yeah, apparently so.” I turned back to the door. I felt I’d done just about everything short of picking him up and tossing him out. Couldn’t he take the hint? I did not want to have this conversation.
“Mandy, what’s the problem here?” he asked, and for the briefest moment, I thought I saw a pained look cross his face. 
 “I don’t want to talk to you,” I said, raising my voice yet again. “I was really hoping to avoid looking at you tonight, but you just had to keep pressing!”
“Hold up!”  He took a step closer to me, lowered his gaze, and looked hard at my face. He studied my eyes, then the wrinkles inset in my angry expression. He squinted a little harder. “Okay, what I do know is that you’re Amanda,” he said confidently. “What I don’t know is why you’re acting like Bailey. What did I miss? What’s your problem?”
“Nothing.”
“Mandy, talk to me.”
“I don’t want to talk.”
“Come on, now. What’s gotten into you?”
“I know what you’re up to,” I said through clenched teeth. I managed to keep my voice calm for a second, but the longer I thought about returning to California, the harder it became to stay calm. “I know what you’re doing. I know about Ripken—”
 “Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a second.” His mouth hung open and he stared at me, completely dumbfounded. “How did you—?”
“So you’re not even going to deny it?” I asked, feeling a fresh set of tears surface as I blinked my eyes. Do—not—cry, Mandy! “You’re really negotiating for a role back in LA?”
He ran his fingers through his thick hair, and each of the brown locks bounced right back across his forehead. 
“It’s complicated.”
“It’s really not,” I said. “We can’t move.”
“Mandy—”
 “No. You promised we were here to stay.”
“Things change.”
“So that was just another lie, then? It was just another, broken promise? You were biding your time, waiting around for the perfect moment to break?”
“It’s not like that—”
“It’s exactly like that, Dad,” I said, and then it suddenly became less about one broken promise and a lot about another—the broken promise. 
I don’t know why I was even surprised. This is what he did. He was a world class promise-breaker. Back in LA, he knew that Mom was stressed with everything she had to juggle. Between work, family, and her social life, he knew that she had taken on too much, and her stress became an unbearable problem for all of us. She started shutting everyone out, rarely giving us a minute of her time. And when she did give us a minute, she was usually only yelling at us for no apparent reason. She couldn’t handle the stress, and we became her verbal punching bags. 
Dad promised he’d try to help her, get her back to her normal self and fix our family. He promised Bailey and me that he’d never give up. And even though we all knew it was falling apart, he promised he’d do everything he could to save our family. But then he gave up, and he asked her to choose. The only reason she made that decision was because he made her.
“Mandy,” he said, crestfallen, “I know what you’re thinking, and this isn’t about your mother.”
“You’re right. It’s not about Mom. It’s about you proving once and for all that your word means nothing. You said you were done chasing that dream. You swore this was it for us, Dad.”
“They’re writing Deacon back into the show, Mandy,” he said as if that was somehow supposed to make me feel better. “I’m Deacon Fell. Who else is going to play that role?”
“They killed him off. They can’t bring him back!”
Or at least I didn’t think they could. I’d listened to Dad’s stories for years, and year after year he told us all about his once in a lifetime role as a soap opera heartthrob, the mysterious and brooding Dr. Deacon Fell. His character had been killed off in a skydiving accident sometime around mine and Bailey’s sixth birthday. I didn’t remember anything about his departure from the show, but I did know one thing for sure: the dead couldn’t magically come back to life. 
“What do you want me to say, Mandy?” He gripped his fingers until they turned white. “I know it’s going to upset the balance of things for a while, but you enjoyed life in California.”
“But I love my life here.”
“Since when?”
“Since now!”
“Well, I’m sorry, but sometimes you have to make sacrifices for your family.”
“Really?” I asked. “You think I don’t know about sacrifice? That’s all I do. It’s all Bailey and I have ever done. Mom hurt you, and I understand that. She hurt us all. But you couldn’t just walk away and start over on the other side of town. You had a point to make, and you weren’t going to stop until you made it. You had to rip us away from everything we’d ever known just to prove that you could make it without her. We were so young, Dad. Too young. You should’ve known better than to put that on us. We were kids! So you can’t stand there and act like I don’t know what it means to make sacrifices for my family. I gave up my entire life.”
Dad stood firmly in place, stunned that I had lashed out at him. It was the first time I ever stood up to my father, so I would’ve been a little surprised if he hadn’t been shocked. But it was unfair. He had no right to expect us to pack up and leave again. No right. Not after he’d dragged us away, ripping us out of school and away from our friends, forcing us to say goodbye to everyone we’d ever known. He broke his promise and made her choose. She made her decision. So why in the world did I have to keep paying for their mistakes?
I wouldn’t do it again. Once was enough, and I never thought he’d have the nerve to ask us to leave after all of this time. Apparently he did, though, and I wasn’t going to let him have his way. I finally felt like I was in a place in my life where I had something worth fighting for, so I planned to keep fighting until there was nothing left for me to do.
Dad’s lip quivered, and I felt he was on the verge of working up some kind of argument. But at that very moment, the doorbell rang. He let out a sigh and looked down to the floor. If there was ever a more ill-fated saved by the bell moment than that, I would never believe it.
Without another word, he ducked out of my room and left me standing all alone, left with nothing but my anger and resentment. 
“Amanda,” he called from the living room, “visitor.”
I closed my eyes, and a tear finally broke loose. I didn’t know who it could possibly be or what they could possibly want. I’d never had a visitor, so why all of a sudden, especially at that moment, had someone found the urge to swing by? I wiped my tear away with the backside of my hand, took a deep breath, and headed for the door.
“Amanda Caroline Parker!”
“I’m coming,” I said, turning out of my room. I only made it halfway down the hallway before I saw my visitor standing in the living room with Dad. I stopped dead in my tracks to catch another breath.
What was he doing here?
“Hey,” Gabe said, leaning over a little to catch my gaze before it fell to the floor. 
I took another step into the living room, and Dad left, whispering “five minutes” before disappearing into his bedroom down the hall. If there was ever any question whether or not my father was angry with me, there wasn’t any more. He hadn’t even taken the time to gush over the famous Gabriel Raddick standing right inside his door.
I looked back over my shoulder before meeting Gabe’s stare. He leaned down to steal a look at my bloodshot eyes, and then I noticed his gaze fall to my chest as it fell heavily with every painful exhalation. 
“Mandy, are you okay?” he asked, taking a step closer. “You’re shaking.”
“I’m fine,” I said, swallowing hard. I closed my eyes and shook my arms, giving myself just enough time to shake it off and compose myself. Bringing my arms up to my chest, I crossed them and held them firmly in place. “What’s up?”
He opened his mouth to say something, but it just hung open for a few long seconds. 
“Did you need something?” I asked, shrugging my shoulders. Still, he only stared. I looked back to him and shook my head, waiting on an answer, but he seemed confused and seriously lost for words. I had no patience to stand there waiting. What in the world could he possibly want? What was so important that he had to interrupt my conversation with Dad? “Gabe, do you need something or not?”
“Do you want to step outside for a second?” he asked quietly. “Get some fresh air, go for a walk?”
“You came all the way back here to ask me to go for a walk?” 
“No,” he said, raising his hand a little higher. He clutched my red, vintage purse in his fingers and managed a half-smile. “You left this in the car.”
“Oh,” I said, reaching forward to take it. When my hand landed on the purse, Gabe grabbed my fingers and squeezed them, as though he had no intention of ever letting go. I looked from my hand to his, and then my gaze lifted and locked on his eyes. I suddenly realized just how close we were standing. I swallowed hard, trying to steady my nerves as they fizzed a little more out of control. 
“Let’s take that walk, Mandy.”
“I can’t,” I said, still unable to tear my eyes away from his. “My Dad won’t—”
“I’m sure we can work something out.”
“Now’s not the best time, Gabe,” I said, finally pulling my hand away from his. I took my purse when I stepped away. 
I hated that I had to break the contact, but letting myself fall for Gabe would only complicate things even more. I didn’t need his gentle touch, his soft tone, or his sincere stare lingering in my direction. I didn’t need him in my house, holding my hands, looking deeply into my eyes.
That only confused me more.
What I needed was a little bit of time and space away from everyone. That’s all I’d ever wanted. I’d never asked for anything more.
“I would’ve brought it by earlier,” he explained, trying not to look too jilted by the way I’d pulled away from him. Though he tried to disguise it, I could see right through him. As it turned out, Gabe wasn’t nearly as good an actor as us Parkers. I’d hurt his feelings. “I got all the way to Desden before I saw it on the floorboard.”
“Well, thanks, I guess.”
“Mandy,” he said, stepping forward and nearly closing the gap between us. Once again, I found that we were standing far too close. “Have I offended you by coming back here tonight?”
“Of course not,” I said, trying to divert my stare, but my eyes kept coming back to him. “Why would you think that?”
“You’re on edge,” he said, taking one tiny step closer. At that point, we were touching. 
I thought to agree with him. I thought to mention that my edginess probably had more to do with the fact that he kept dipping into my personal space than anything else. But I didn’t say a word, fearing that if I did, he would respect my boundaries and back away. That was just the kind of guy Gabe was. And as uncomfortable as it made me to have him standing so close, I preferred the discomfort to the alternative. I didn’t want him to leave. 
“I’m sorry,” I said, starting to look down to the floor again, but Gabe caught my chin with his thumb. He tilted my face upward, and then he shook his head. 
“Can I help you?” he asked, and his blue eyes softened with each blink. “Talk to me, Mandy. What’s going on?”
His finger still held my chin as he watched me and waited for an answer, but I couldn’t find the right words. There wasn’t enough time in the world to even try to explain. Unable to muster even the simplest explanation, I looked away, and that’s all it took for him to drop his hand. He backed away, took the purse from my hands, and set it aside on the floor. Then he pulled me into a hug. My head rested against his chest as he wrapped one hand around my back, and the other held my head closer to him. He rested his head on top of mine, and his thumb caressed my hair, each gentle stroke lulling me into a haze of mixed emotions. Just being close to him, being inside his embrace, I felt my entire body go limp. I knew the only reason I hadn’t collapsed was because Gabe’s strong arms were wrapped around me, keeping me from crashing to the floor. 
I knew better than to shed a tear, but it didn’t matter how hard I tried to keep the flood gates from opening. Wrapped up with Gabe, restraining tears wasn’t any kind of option. I cried hard against his shoulder, feeling my heartache weigh a little heavier in my chest with each passing minute, but Gabe never loosened his grip.
“Five minutes are up, Mandy,” Dad’s voice called from the hallway, and I felt Gabe’s head jerk up to look at my father. He stroked the back of my hair once more, and I finally peeled myself away from his tear-soaked shirt. Gabe looked down at me again, and he raised his hand to wipe my tears away.
“Mandy?” he asked quietly.
“It’s fine,” I whispered, matching his tone. “But you should go before—”
“I don’t want to leave if you need—”
“I’m okay,” I promised, and I kept my voice low. “I’ll …” I wiped a fresh tear with the back of my hand and stood taller. “I’ll just see you Thursday, okay?”
“Maybe I can see you before then?”
“I don’t have the time.”
“I’ll come to you. I’ll come here to Sugar Creek,” he said. “You won’t have to go out of your way at all.”
“It’s not a matter of going out of my way,” I said. “I have school and work, and I just don’t have the time, okay?”
“You can’t spare one hour?”
“No. I can’t.”
The thing was I could make time for him. I could spare more than just an hour between now and then, but for what? It would only give me one more chance, one more opportunity to see how perfect Gabe was; it would just give me one more chance to fall for him. And I had to be careful letting myself fall, especially when my parents had made it their life purpose to tear me away from everything I let myself get close to.
“You need to go, Gabe,” I said, swallowing hard. “You have to leave.”




Ten
I should’ve never let Gabe walk out the door, but I couldn’t see that I had any other choice. With the mood Dad was in, he would never let him hang around, and even if he had, I knew better than to even entertain the idea. I couldn’t get any more distracted, and I wasn’t about to get any closer to Gabe, only to be ripped away.
Besides, even if Dad hadn’t made plans to uproot and move back to LA, I still let myself get carried away with thoughts that I should never have had in the first place. Yeah, Gabriel Raddick was the only reason I felt things I had never felt before. He was the reason I started questioning all the things that I never thought I would question. He was the reason I finally learned that maybe I had it in me to feel an emotion that was so much stronger than the hatred and resentment I’d carried around for so many years. He was the one who had me considering the possibility of breaking a rule—the rule!
But I couldn’t be that stupid. 
I’d watched my parents split apart, the only two people I never imagined giving up. They loved each other once, and their relationship crashed and burned. But even after it had shattered, even after there was nothing left to save, they had an image to protect. Even that, though, the thing they cared most about protecting, couldn’t save them from the inevitable. And if my parents couldn’t make their relationship work to hold up appearances, then I wasn’t convinced there was hope for anyone. 
Letting go of everything I’d learned from their marital demise, I still knew better than to fall into the trap. I’d read hundreds of novels, and I’d watched thousands of rom-com movies with my sister. While Bailey was dumb enough to fall for all of the mushy-gushy love nonsense, I knew better. I knew that those tingling, warm, fuzzy feelings that Gabe sparked inside of me were nothing but crazy, little jitters girls get when a cute guy pays them any kind of attention. It wasn’t love. It was just a buzz, and one that would fizzle out in due time. 
Just a crush, Mandy, I reminded myself. A stupid crush that would go away the moment we packed up, boarded a plane, and landed in California. I may like Gabriel Raddick in the moment, and I had no choice but to admit the truth to myself (because come on, who was I trying to kid?), but so what? If there was one thing I learned from my mother, it was that it didn’t take more than a few seconds to just flip a switch on feelings. When it came time, I’d forget Gabe the same way my mother had forgotten about us. I could stop liking him whenever I wanted to.
“What’s gotcha down?” Jones asked, leaning on the counter at the Sugar High Bakery, where we’d both landed part-time jobs over the summer. That’s how he ended up meeting Bailey; she’d come by the bakery one night to pick up a cake for Dad’s birthday, they got to talking, and bam! The rest was history. Two months later, they were both happily and blissfully infatuated with one another.
“Mandy,” he said, waving a hand in front of my face. “Yo! Dude, are you alive?”
My eyes snapped in his direction, and I stood taller, suddenly realizing that I’d carried myself away in a daydream. 
“Yeah?”
“What’s going on with you lately?” he asked. “You’re not yourself.”
It was Tuesday evening and closing time, and I was still trying to put the last twenty-four hours behind me. It hadn’t been a full day since I’d fought with Dad and Gabe had showed up at the door with a soft gleam in his eye and a sympathetic shoulder for me to cry on. And since Gabe walked out, I hadn’t spoken a word to my father. I’d barely said anything to anyone else. 
“Nothing,” I said, but he tilted his head and watched me a little closer. 
“I’m gonna go ahead and call bull,” he said, sounding far too much like my sister. “Spill the beans. What’s going on?”
Because Jones and I had worked at the bakery together for so long, he’d become the closest thing I had to a real friend. I hated that because Jones wasn’t any kind of friend to have. I rarely confided in him, especially now that he and my sister were romantically involved, but when I did have something to say, it was usually because he coaxed it out of me. I never went to him by choice. He always forced his way in.
“I don’t really know that it’s my place to say anything,” I finally said as I reached around and untied my apron. I hung it on a peg on the back wall and turned back to him. “It sort of involves you, too, in some roundabout way. It’s probably something you should hear from my sister.”
“You mean your Dad’s plans to move back to Cali,” he said, confident that was exactly what I’d been talking about. “Yeah, Bailey mentioned it.”
I nodded and turned back to the register to start closing down for the night. I punched the three-button code to start printing the day’s receipts, and then Jones stepped a little closer. 
“And?”
“And what?”
“That’s not why you’ve been moping around here all night,” he said as if he knew. “Your sister hasn’t shut up about your lives out west since the day we started dating. I’ve heard about a thousand stories about how both of you were happier out there than you’ve ever been here. So don’t play dumb with me, Mandy. You’re not upset because you’re going to California. And if you are, color me shocked. I always thought you’d be the first one back on the plane to LA if you had the chance. You seem to hate everything about your life here.”
Ha! I tried not to snort because that would’ve been rude, right? Still, if that was really what Jones thought, then that only showed how little he actually knew about me (or his girlfriend, for that matter). Bailey would be the first on the plane, and she would have to pull me through the terminal, kicking and screaming. 
Sure, I had some pleasant memories of my time back home. As much as I’d loved that life back then, the ending—and the memories of that end—had ruined it for me now. 
California wasn’t an option. It would never be an option for me again. Why couldn’t anyone understand that?
“You gonna talk, or—”
“I’m just sad that we have to do it all over again, that’s all,” I said, hoping to leave it at that, but Jones only stared harder. “We’ve just started our senior year,” I further explained. “I’ve got the paper, my commitment to the Raddick Initiative, and…”
I stopped myself just in time to keep from saying Gabe. I didn’t have Gabe, so I didn’t know why I even let it cross my mind. Still, I almost said his name, and that would’ve been terrible.
“Ah, I get it,” he said, and a coy smile crossed his lips. He snapped his fingers and then pointed at me in a knowing manner. “It’s the boyfriend, isn’t it?”
“Excuse me?”
“Bailey said you’ve met someone, but I couldn’t believe it was true. What do you know? Our little Mandy has gone and found herself a man. And now it makes a ton of sense why you’re depressed and don’t wanna leave.”
“That couldn’t be further from the truth, Jones.”
“Yeah, then what was with that goofy smile just then?”
“What goofy smile?”
“You said, I’ve got the paper, my commitment to the Raddick Initiative, and… and then your lips went all twisted and goofy.”
“They did not!”
“Who’s the guy?” he asked, poking me in the side with a tough jab. “Anyone I know?”
I could’ve said, well, yes, of course, but then that would’ve been an admission that he was right that I had been thinking of a guy. And I hadn’t, had I? Had I thought of Gabe just then? It’d been happening so much lately that I could barely keep track of my own thoughts. 
“Come on, tell me,” he begged. “I won’t say anything to Bailey.”
“A,” I said, holding up a finger, “That’s a lie. I wouldn’t get the words out of my mouth before you’d be on the phone, telling her everything I told you. And B,” I said, dropping my hand, “there’s nothing to tell, so just drop it already.”
“Psht,” he blew air between his lips and rolled his eyes. 
“Please,” I said, giving him a stern look. “Just let it go.”
The paper finished printing, and I tore the receipt from the register. I opened the till, placed the receipt inside with the dollar bills, and carried it back to the office. After leaving it on the desk for Julia, the bakery manager, I returned to the storefront, only to stop at the threshold between the office and the counter. 
My breath halted in my throat, and I suddenly forgot how to breathe.
Gabe was there, waiting patiently for someone to return to the counter. He watched the clock for a few seconds, and then he stared down at his hands. I knew I should say something, but I was frozen there staring at him, wondering why in the world he was even here in the first place. What was he doing in Sugar Creek, and what was he doing at the Sugar High so late in the evening? And how had he gotten in? Had I forgotten to lock the door when I flipped the sign earlier? 
Jones turned the corner at the back of the bakery, either returning from the bathroom or the storage closet, and his eyes immediately glued to the back of Gabe’s head. 
“Oh, dude,” Jones said, “sorry, but we’re closed.”
Gabe turned to meet Jones’s stare, and his blue eyes widened. 
“Yeah, I know; I’m sorry,” he said. “I just stopped by to see Mandy. Is she still here?”
Jones kept walking and rounded the counter, never peeling his eyes from Gabe. For a moment it looked as though he was measuring him up, trying to get a good read on the man standing in front of him. Assessing Gabe from head to toe, Jones finally stopped just behind the register and paused. His lips thinned into a long smile after a few quiet moments. He snapped his fingers and pointed at Gabe, and then his mouth hung open.
“Dude, it’s you!”
“I’m sorry?” 
I closed my eyes and prayed that Jones wouldn’t go on a rant that sounded something like ‘hey, you’re that freak from high school!’
“You’re the guy, aren’t you?”
Gabe leaned forward and squinted, watching Jones very closely. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Mandy’s got it bad for some guy,” Jones said, almost giddy with excitement. “We were just talking about it right before you came in, and… you’re him, aren’t you?” He snapped his fingers excitedly as he tried to get the words out. “You’re the boyfriend, the guy… the reason she doesn’t want to move to California?”
Gabe continued to hold Jones’s stare, but his hands suddenly fell limp at his sides. When he couldn’t figure out what to say next, he shoved his hands into his pockets and looked around. “Is she here?” 
“Yeah, I’m here.” I took a step forward and came directly into his view. Gabe held my stare as I reached the edge of the counter, and his eyes swept over me with a look of admiration, a look I was definitely not used to getting from guys. I studied his lips for a minute, watching as they quivered, threatening to curve into a grin. 
“Oooo,” Jones said, rubbing his hands together. “You could cut the tension with a knife! Mandy, man, I knew you were lying about not having a boyfriend!”
“Shut up, Jones,” I said through my teeth, and then I turned back to Gabe. “Hi.”
“Hey,” he said, and his grin suddenly got the best of him.
Again, we stared.
“What are you doing here?” 
“I told you I wanted to see you sooner; I thought I’d drive down to check on you.”
“And I told you I didn’t have any spare time,” I said, feeling my lip quirk up. “I don’t think you listened to me very well, Mr. Raddick.”
I’d only been trying to make him smile with that, especially since he’d asked me not to make him sound like such a stiff, but it wasn’t Gabe’s reaction that I noticed in the moment. Jones’s eyes widened and his head snapped up. It was only then that I realized that he hadn’t put it all together; he hadn’t made the connection between the freak-loser Gabe that he’d gone to school with and the handsome, confident man standing in front of him. 
“I know, and I’m sorry. I hope you don’t mind,” Gabe said, twisting his lips. “I stopped by your house, and your sister said you were here. I just wanted to make sure you were—”
“I’m fine,” I assured him. “Really. You didn’t have to drive down here.”
Gabe and I watched each other for a few, long minutes, and we let the silence linger a little longer than we ever had. It wasn’t until Jones cleared his throat that either of us even moved. 
“Are you leaving soon?” Gabe asked.
“As soon as I can get clocked out,” I said, looking back to the office. “I’ll just—”
“Yeah, sure,” he said, nodding to the door. I turned and disappeared into the office again, stopping just inside the door to take a deep breath.
He’d driven thirty minutes from Desden just to make sure I was okay? What kind of guy does something like that?
The kind of guy who likes you, that’s who!
But no. Not Gabe.
He hadn’t stopped by for any other reason than to make sure that I hadn’t gone off the deep end… right?
I took a few deep breaths and signed my time card as quickly as possible. I hustled to get back to the storefront. I walked in on a conversation I should’ve known would unfold the moment I left the two men alone.
“Dude, I knew you looked familiar,” Jones said, staring open-mouthed at Gabe. “But holy cannoli, man. You’ve changed. What happened to your glasses? And look at your arms. When did you get so thick? I mean, look at you—”
“Stop that,” I said, slapping Jones across the back of the head as I walked by him.
Gabe smiled despite his discomfort. He shifted between his feet as he inched a little further away from Jones. 
With my purse slung over my shoulder, I nodded at the front door to let Gabe know I was heading out. I rounded the counter to join him just at the door, and he held it for me as I stepped outside.
“Are you in a rush to get home?”
“No.”
“Good. How ‘bout that walk, then?” he asked as if he’d been hanging on to the hope that we’d finally get to take the walk he suggested the night before.
“Sure, yeah, that sounds fine.” I kept my arms folded at my chest as we turned down the sidewalk. I didn’t want to drop them or let them down; I was too scared of what I might do if my hands started roaming free. Part of me thought I’d wrap myself around him, hugging him and thanking him for being so kind to drive all the way from Desden just to check on me. Another part of me thought I might grab his hand and lock my fingers with his, just to feel his warm skin against mine. 
I knew that my hands were best kept right against my body—as far away from Gabriel Raddick as I could get them. I knew that was for the best, but that didn’t mean it would be easy.
 “So you’re moving to California,” Gabe said, and his tone was a little more somber than I’d expected.
“Nothing’s official.” I kept my eyes fixed on the sidewalk as we moved away from the bakery. We walked a little slower than I was used to moving, but the way Gabe dragged his left leg, I was afraid that even that pace was a bit much for him. So I walked even slower. “Dad’s thinking of taking a job back home, and if he does…then, yeah. I guess that’ll be the case.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” he said, drawing his words out a little longer than usual. “I guess that’s the fight I walked in on last night?”
“Yeah.”
“Anything you want to talk about?”
“There’s not really much to say.” 
A frown settled on his face. He gave me another hard look, and then he shrugged. 
“You said he’s thinking of taking a job back home. You’re from California, then?”
“Born and raised… well, raised for the most part,” I said. “Mom always wanted to be a TV writer, and Dad got his start as an extra on the same show she was interning for twenty years ago. He broke into daytime TV, and she followed. They fell in love, got married, had a couple of kids, and that’s about the time my life went to hell.”
Gabe smirked. “Right out of the womb, then?”
“Yeah, that seems accurate enough.”
“All right,” he said, looking at me from the corner of his eye. “And you’re upset because… you don’t want to go?”
“You know how they say there’s no place like home?” I asked, and Gabe nodded. “Truer words have never been spoken. There’s no place like home, and there’s not a day that goes by that I’m thankful for that very fact. If I could spend a lifetime avoiding ever going back there, I would. Honest to God, I would.”
Gabe started to say something, but then he hesitated. After a few long seconds of silence, he closed his mouth and turned to me, watching me with a sunken expression. 
“So no,” I said, finally answering his question. I looked up at him and met his gaze for the first time since we’d set out on our walk. He watched me without faltering for a moment. “I don’t want to go back, but I’m not sure that really matters. If Dad takes the job, we’ll be out of Sugar Creek faster than you can say see ya later.”
“Can I pry?” 
“I suppose.”
“Surely you have friends and family out there?”
“Yeah, sure,” I said. “Friends I haven’t seen or spoken to in years, and family that I never care to see again. I know it sounds heartless, Gabe, but I made up my mind a long time ago to stay here in Sugar Creek. I like the small town life; I love that I don’t have to be around all of those people from my past. I never want to go back to California. I’m still trying to get away from it.”
He kept his lips pressed together, either unwilling or too afraid to inquire any further about what I’d left behind. He seemed to search his brain for a few minutes for something safe to say; I thought, based on the way things had gone lately, there wasn’t really anything he could say to make things worse. And then he opened his mouth and proved me wrong.
“Well, we’ll miss you at RI if you have to leave,” he said. “Lashell will be heartbroken, and I won’t have anyone to put me in my place. It’ll be rough without you.”
A frown settled in my expression.
I didn’t want to be missed. If I had to go, I’d just rather be forgotten altogether. No one back home had much of a problem forgetting me, even my own mother; I hadn’t been gone two weeks before the phone calls ceased, the messages died down, and everyone stopped inquiring about my wellbeing altogether. It had broken my heart, but in a way, it was somewhat of a relief. I didn’t have to keep holding on to the life I wasn’t allowed to have. 
If I had to leave Sugar Creek, it would make more sense to just let go and forget everything here, too.
“You don’t have to pretend you’ll miss me,” I said, throwing him a glance. “It’s not like I’ve been with the program for months or years or anything. It’s not even been a week.”
“But once you’re in, you’re family,” he said. “And we hate to see anyone go.”
“Well, it’s nice to know I’ll be missed,” I lied because I almost felt he wanted to hear it.
“If you go.”
“We’ll go,” I said definitely. “There’s no way he’s going to pass it up. It’s the role of a lifetime; it’s the call he’s been waiting on since we were kids. And I hate it; I do. Dad was getting comfortable here, Bailey had climbed her way to the top, and I was just finding things that I liked, things that mattered to me. You know that I got accepted to Desden University last week, and I couldn’t even celebrate it with anyone? Bailey wouldn’t care, and I could never tell my dad. He’d have a fit if he knew I’d applied to the English program.” Gabe’s brows pulled together, and I shook my head. I couldn’t believe that I just told him that. I hadn’t told anyone! My acceptance letter was still hidden at home under my mattress, unseen by anyone but me. Up until this moment, that letter was my best kept secret. And now Gabe knew. 
 “My life is here. I don’t want to give up DU, leave the Raddick Initiative, or lose any of my friends, but I don’t see how I’ll have much of a choice.”
I watched Gabe’s expression change, and I knew exactly where his thoughts had gone. He was remembering how he’d found me at lunch, sitting all alone with no friends in sight. I’d already admitted to him that I didn’t have any friends; I’d left them all and refused to make more. He would’ve been a fool to believe that I was telling him the truth just then. It wasn’t my friends I would miss if I had to leave. I couldn’t miss something I’d never had.
I would’ve missed him. And although I sensed he picked up on that subtle hint, he lightly smiled and played dumb.
“And Jones even mentioned there’s a special fella in your life,” Gabe said. “It won’t be easy breaking that off. Relationships are never easy to end.”
“On a positive note, though, it’s not a relationship. And it’s not even anything special,” I said, and his shoulders suddenly relaxed as if my admission had come as a relief. “Jones had no idea what he was saying back there.”
“So there’s no guy?”
“Oh no, there is a guy,” I said. “It’s just… he’s not my guy. It’s nothing, really. It’s just a stupid crush, that’s all.”
“Hmm.”
“What?”
“I don’t know.” He shook his head. “You say it’s just a stupid crush, but I’m not convinced you really think it is.” He studied the way my hands fidgeted at my chest. “You’re tense just talking about it.”
“I’m not tense.”
“No, I’ve watched you, Mandy,” he said. “You’re tense, and that’s unlike you. You’re never this stiff. There’s something—”
“It’s nothing, Gabe,” I said, giving him the same speech I’d given both Bailey and Jones. “Or at least nothing I can figure out, so there’s no point in even worrying about it.”
“I can try to help if it’s something you want to talk about?”
“What is it with you always trying to fix everything?” I asked, and he shrugged. “I don’t know, okay? I’ve found myself in pretty big mess lately. I’m not sure it’s the kind even you can clean up.”
“Try me.”
“Okay,” I said, finally dropping my hands. “But I’ve warned you: I’m a mess.” With a smile, he nodded, and I sensed that was his way of saying that he’d already figured out that much. If he meant anything else by that nod, I had no idea what it was. “I’m drawn to someone, even though I’ve done everything I can think to do to fight it. He’s someone whose past is still a mystery, and whose present is something that just baffles me. And, despite the fact that his whole being is just one giant question mark, I’m still convinced that he’s supposed to be in my life somehow.”
“That doesn’t sound so bad,” he said. “It’s human nature for us to feel those connections sometimes, even if it is with a complete stranger. We have a tendency to be drawn to comfort and familiarity, and sometimes we find those things in the people we least expect.”
“But I wasn’t looking for comfort and familiarity,” I said. “I wasn’t looking for anything.”
“It’s a common belief that a person finds what they’re looking for the moment they stop searching for it,” he said. “And I’ve come to believe that’s not something that’s limited to matters of the heart. Sometimes we even find the things we’re wanting long before we ever realize we want them.”
“I know exactly what you mean.”
“But when it’s a feeling that moves you, Mandy, sometimes you just have to trust your instincts and pursue whatever it is that your heart’s telling you to. That’s what I did with RI. I had a feeling, so I went for it. So now you have the opportunity. Ask the important questions, and turn all those mysteries and questions into something clearer, something you can understand. It doesn’t have to be ‘one giant question mark.’ Learn what you need to learn to satisfy your curiosity. Get the answers you want. Do something about it.”
“It’s good advice, don’t get me wrong,” I said, nodding a few times. “But it doesn’t really apply to my situation.”
“And why not?”
“Because I’m leaving,” I said. “And even if I wasn’t going anywhere, even if we were staying right here in Sugar Creek, there are a million other reasons that it would never work with this guy.”
“Name one.”
“I’m not cut from the same cloth as other girls, Gabe,” I said, finally admitting out loud what I’d always known was true. “I’m not so naïve that I believe in fairytale endings just because they exist in fiction. I don’t care about that kind of stuff. I never have. Relationships, intimacy, happily ever afters… I don’t know that that stuff even matters. It’s all so complicated; relationships are messy and unnecessary. To be honest, I’ve spent my entire life a little skeptical of anyone who thinks that love is a prerequisite to happiness.”
“Okay, so then it’s easy,” he said. “If it’s not what you want, if a relationship is just too much for you, then drop it. Let it go. Stop thinking about it.”
“If only it were that easy,” I retorted. “As hard as I try, I can’t quit thinking about it.”
“Then maybe it is what you want, and you’re just too afraid to face it,” he said. 
“But if I’ve never wanted it before, why in the world would I want it now?”
“Maybe this guy’s different.”
“He is different, I’m not disputing that. But that doesn’t matter.”
“Again, give me one good reason.”
“It doesn’t matter how much I like the guy, Gabe,” I said. “I don’t know that I even know him well enough to make a judgment one way or another.”
“Okay, so what do you know?”
“I only know how he makes me feel, and that’s not much to go on. I know that every time he looks at me, my heart does this little pitter-patter thing,” I said. “I know that the one time that he held me, it was the first and only time in my life that I’ve ever felt truly safe.” I kept walking, but I closed my eyes for a brief second and remembered how protected I felt when Gabe showed up at the house and held me, despite the fact that I treated him so poorly. 
“I feel things,” I finally said, trying to bite back tears. “I’ve never felt anything remotely like it in my entire life. There’s something about the way he looks at me, something about his eyes that knock me off my feet. When I’m with him, my palms get sweaty; I stumble over my words. I do get tense. I make a complete idiot of myself in front of him, and then I’m always so rude and mean and distant when he’s around because I’m too afraid of what will happen if I’m nice. The things I feel with him contradict everything I’ve ever believed in. He represents the idea of breaking my number one rule, and that terrifies me, Gabe. I’m scared senseless.”
“What’s your number one rule?”
“To never fall in love,” I said, looking down to the ground. “And I never thought that would be a problem, but this guy… he’s really something.”
“Hmm,” was all he said before we rounded another corner, bringing us back full-circle right where we started at the Sugar High Bakery. 
Gabe walked with me to my parked car just at the edge of the small parking lot, and we both stopped short of the door. It would’ve been a great opportunity for me to say something else, to ask him more about his life, his fears, and his future—to turn those questions into answers. But I knew that asking anything would only open another door. I knew he’d feel obligated to respond, and nothing he could say would make me like him less. In fact, it would only make it harder for me to move forward. 
“You didn’t have to come all the way out here,” I said, choosing to keep our departure light and simple. I leaned back against my car door, and dropped my hands to my sides. “I almost wish you hadn’t. I told you I’d be okay.”
“And not so convincingly, either,” he said, dropping his head and deliberately holding my gaze a bit longer. He studied my expression for a moment before he leaned a little closer and whispered, “And I did have to drive out here; you yourself said that you’ve spent too long pushing people away, Mandy. I wasn’t going to walk out and not come back. I’m not so easy to push around.”
“But Gabe, you seriously didn’t—”
“You’re right,” he interrupted me. “I didn’t have to come out here to check on you, but I wanted to. Okay?”
I stood a little straighter, and the lump in my throat only grew thicker. 
I watched Gabe for a few, long beats, and he stared at me as if he was waiting on me to say something. I felt that I knew exactly what it was that he wanted me to say. Did he want to hear that I was thankful that he’d been able to look past my lies and that I really had wanted him to come back? Did he want me to say that I’d been happy to see him standing in the bakery earlier, that he was, in fact, the him that made my heart pitter-patter at every vague glance?
What would he say if I told him that Jones was right, that Gabe was ‘the dude?’ He was the one I was so hung up on, the one who made me realize that maybe I really did want everything I’d always sworn I’d never want.
Would he want to hear the truth?
When another minute swept by us and neither of us said another word, Gabe reached forward, took my hands in his, and squeezed them gently. 
“You’re too hard on yourself, Mandy.” He raised my hand to his lips and brushed a warm kiss across my knuckles. “You’re in your head. Quit over-thinking everything, and break a rule once in a while. You might get hurt, or you might find that you’ve been resisting some of the things you need to truly make yourself happy. Why would you ever want to resist happiness, Mandy? You deserve everything you want from life.”




Eleven
“Excuse me, were you ever planning to tell me about Gabe, or were you hoping to keep that little love affair a secret for the next ten years?”
Bailey’s voice blazed through me like fire. Not now… please! As if all of Gabe’s questions on the street earlier hadn’t been enough, now I had to deal with my sister, too? She just had to bust through my bedroom door as I was settling in for bed? All I wanted was some sleep. I needed a break from reality, and the last thing I wanted was to think about him for another second. 
“Tell you what?” I asked, turning over in bed to set my alarm. 
“Gabe came here looking for you earlier,” she said, leaning in the doorway. “And then Jones called and said that he showed up at the bakery.”
“Yeah, so?”
“What’s going on with you two?” she asked. “Jones said you went all dopey-eyed and nervous the moment Gabe walked in the door. He said you left together and that you hadn’t come back before he and Julia had to lock up and leave.”
“What’s your point?”
“My point is that you got really defensive last weekend when you thought we were attacking Gabe,” she said. “You were being overly sensitive, which isn’t like you at all. And then you went on this whole, big spiel about how you love RI, and you even mentioned Gabe by name when you told me you’d made new friends.”
“And your point is what, again?”
“You like him,” she said. “Like… like-like him. And you’re being all rude and distant because you think it’s, like, some uber-sin that he gets you all hot and bothered.”
“Oh for the love of God.” I sat up and stared at my sister, and she finally took a step forward into the bedroom. She crawled up on the corner of my bed and tucked her feet beneath her. 
“It’s not going to do you any good to keep it all bottled up,” she said.
“Well, now you just sound like him.”
“Tell me about him,” she said, sounding genuinely intrigued. “Besides the fact that he’s kinda cute.”
“Kind of cute?” I asked. “Come on, Bailey. You’re kidding, right?”
“Okay,” she said. “He’s gorgeous. But that’s never mattered to you before. You’ve been around hot guys your entire life. So why him? What makes this guy so special?”
“You mean besides the fact that he gets me all hot and bothered?” I asked, and she cracked an immediate smile. “He doesn’t, by the way. It’s not like that at all. If anything, he just gets me all nervous and flustered.”
“Yeah?”
I could hear the surprise in her tone; Bailey knew me better than anyone, so she knew that even being nervous and flustered around a guy was a pretty big development for me. 
“Gabe is kind and compassionate,” I said. “He’s humble, and he’s sweet. He’s so warm and welcoming, and it’s endearing. His smile is contagious, and it’s kind of dorky in its own right. And when Gabe laughs, when he’s truly amused by something, it’s just captivating.”
“Yeah, I don’t think it’s just something that he’s amused by; I think Gabe is amused by you,” Bailey said. “I think that’s why you see this side of him that nobody else seems to see. Jones knew Gabe back when, don’t forget. And when he called, he was baffled by how much Gabe had changed since high school; not only did he look different, but he was almost a different person entirely. He said he’s never seen a guy watch a girl the way Gabe watched you.”
“That’s bogus.”
“When he showed up here tonight looking for you, I answered the door and didn’t say one word to him.”
“Okay?”
“I simply opened the door and looked at him,” she said. “And he immediately introduced himself, asked if you were home, and didn’t seem to bat an eye twice at the fact that I could’ve been you standing there at the door.”
“He knows we’re twins,” I said. “He knows you’re my sister.”
“But how many times have we been mistaken for each other over the years? Only Dad has ever been able to tell us apart at first glance. Most people have to talk to us for a few minutes before they can tell a difference. Gabe just knew.”
“That’s great, Bailey, but that doesn’t mean anything.”
“It means he likes you, Mandy. He knows you. I mean, even Jones can’t tell us apart half the time, don’t forget,” she said. “You have no idea how many times he’s shown up here asking for me when it was me answering the door. Gabe didn’t hesitate for a second, and that does mean something.”
Though I tried to pretend that it didn’t warm my heart to hear her say those things, I knew I couldn’t hide the giddiness in my expression. Bailey was right; no one besides our father (even our own mother) could tell us apart at first glance, and yet Gabe had been able to? 
I thought back to the conversation I had with him earlier on the street. 
He listened to me, talked with me. He came all the way from Desden just to check on me. And what was up with the way he kissed my hand? Was that just Gabe’s way of saying that the feelings were mutual? Sure. Of course, that was the easy, obvious answer. But maybe I’d simply read into something and let Bailey’s influence cloud my view of reality. 
“I wouldn’t have sent any random guy to track you down at work, you know that right?” Bailey asked. “I only told him where he could find you because he told me that he’d been here last night, and you were really upset. He drove down from Desden just to check on you. I couldn’t send him away; anyone willing to make that kind of drive just to check on someone has to at least kind of like the person they’re coming to see.”
“Okay, so what, Bailey?” I asked. “Even if Gabe does like me—and I’m not saying that he does—what does it matter? We’re probably going to leave within the next month, Gabe’s not planning to stick around much longer himself, and that just makes things harder than they have to be.”
“Whether or not we actually leave,” Bailey said, sounding as though she might have a reason to doubt that we would, “it’s not going to change the fact that you like him. If you like him now, you’ll still like him when we land in California. But if you don’t tell him, or at least act on your feelings, you’ll never actually know how he feels. And do you really want to leave Sugar Creek not knowing? Do you really want your memories of this place to be riddled with regrets?” She leaned forward and lowered her voice. “Do you really want to look back at our time here and feel those same, distant, hurtful feelings you have when you think of Mom and everyone we left back in LA?”
Of course that’s not what I wanted. But telling Gabe how I felt—that I liked him, and I didn’t really know why—that was a risk. What if he laughed in my face? What if he didn’t feel the same way? What if he watched me with pity as I walked away, feeling nothing but idiotic for actually spewing my guts and spilling my heart?
Maybe Gabe was just a nice guy. Maybe he didn’t like me at all. And if he didn’t like me, and Bailey and I had both read way too far into his actions and words, I’d make a complete idiot of myself. 
But on the other hand, if Gabe did return my feelings and I never told him how I felt… would I regret keeping it to myself?


I woke up bright and early the next morning, feeling strangely different for the first time in years. The familiar lump in my throat had only thickened, my muddled thoughts were more muddled than ever, and I couldn’t do anything—not even tie my shoe—without thinking of Gabe. The combination of all those things shouldn’t have made for a good start to the day, yet I couldn’t quit smiling. 
Even in the car on the way to school, I couldn’t focus. I kept thinking about the things Bailey had said, and I couldn’t help but wonder what all of Gabe’s gestures had meant. I kept playing every possible scenario in my head, and I only wished I had a clearer idea of what both Gabe and I wanted from one another. Of course, wishing led me to look down at my hand every few seconds to study the place on my finger where he’d pressed his warm lips, and that definitely brought about another goofy smile. 
I swore I could still feel my skin tingling, numbed by the remnants of his touch. 
It was a good thing Bailey offered to drive that morning, because I doubt I would’ve been able to keep the car on the road. As it turned out, Gabe had the power to distract me worse than any cell phone ever could. Even when he wasn’t around, he was all I could seem to think about.
As we headed down Highway 6, I kept staring at my hand. My sister didn’t say much of anything. After our conversation the previous night, she knew I had a lot of thinking to do, and I think it actually impressed her to know that I was considering an alternative to the life I’d always promised myself. 
It wasn’t until Bailey slammed on the brakes that my eyes snapped up from my fingers, and I felt the familiar jerk forward as the car came to a screeching halt. For the second time in a matter of days, Gabriel Raddick was standing in the middle of the road, blocking the street just in front of the park gates. 
This time, though, Gabe wasn’t looking off to the side. His eyes were fixed straight forward, looking through the glass at my sister and me. He wore a pair of faded blue jeans, a gray hooded sweatshirt, and a ball cap. He looked about a million times better right then than he had when I’d first seen him standing in that very spot on Saturday morning.
Thankfully, though, my sister had quicker reflexes, and we didn’t come anywhere near hitting him.
Without waiting for either of us to get out of the car or muster any kind of reaction, he managed a quick walk over to the passenger’s side door and opened it. 
“What are you doing?” I asked, stepping out. I looked down the road behind us to make sure there wasn’t any oncoming traffic. The road was clear for at least a mile, so I knew I had a couple of minutes to spare before we had to get off the street. “Didn’t you learn your lesson the first time around? This highway isn’t exactly a playground, Gabe.”
“I wouldn’t have let her hit me,” he said, walking around me. “I just needed her to stop.”
He dipped inside the car and reached for my purse. He said a quick ‘hello’ to Bailey before standing tall again and turning to me. Clutching my purse between his hands, he nodded up at the sidewalk. “All right, let’s go.”
“Go where? Gabe, what are you doing?” I asked, looking between him and Bailey. My sister leaned over to watch us, and he stopped and turned back to me. “Gabe, come on. I need my purse. I’m going to be late for school.”
“You’re not going today.”
“I am,” I said, looking back to the car. “We’re on our way there now, and we’re going to run late if—”
“Spend the day with me,” he said, nodding back at the park. 
“Spend the day with you?” My jaw unhinged. “What are you talking about? It’s the middle of the week. I have school.”
“Skip it,” he said, shrugging a shoulder.
“Skip school?”
“Yeah,” he said. “Why not?”
“Because it’s one of the rules,” Bailey yelled from the car, and her agitation was apparent in her tone. “She’s never been late for a single class, so you can imagine blowing off an entire day doesn’t really qualify as a bucket list item for Mandy.”
“She’s right,” I said, nodding. “I can’t skip school.”
It didn’t matter how much I’d gotten swept away by the idea of getting closer to Gabe, I knew better. Making a move like that would be wrong and irresponsible, and that’s just not who I was. There was a reason for Rule #6: Be accountable. Never blow off your responsibilities. It was, yet again, the only way I could prove myself to everyone; I had to ensure that everyone could trust me. My word meant something. 
But Gabe didn’t seem to understand. His eyes widened as his mouth gaped open a little further. Seemingly lost for words, he just stood there and stared at me, looking almost as disoriented as he had when I’d first run into him on Saturday. 
“Okay,” he finally said, nodding slowly. “Go to school.”
“Gabe, I’m sorry, but you have to understand—”
“No. Don’t apologize,” he said, shrugging. “Maybe some other time.”
“But—” 
“I don’t want to argue with you, Mandy,” he said quietly. “Please, go to school. Do what you have to do.”
I couldn’t think of anything else to say, so I simply took another step forward and reached for my purse. He seemed to hold it a little tighter as I reached for it, but he didn’t put up a fight when it was time for him to let go. I didn’t know what else to do, so I just nodded and turned back to the car. I dipped down into my seat, buckled my seat belt, and waved once before pulling my door shut again.
Bailey waited until that moment to turn on the flashing hazard lights.
“What are you—?”
“What are you doing, Mandy?” she asked, turning to me. She reached over and unbuckled my seatbelt. “Get out of this car.”
“What?”
“Get out of this car and go spend the day with him,” she said, leaning across me to try and open my door. 
“Stop that!”
“Are you out of your mind?” she asked, sitting straight again. “That guy just jumped into the middle of the street for you, asked you to spend the day with him, and you’re not even going to entertain the idea for one second?”
“We have school!”
“Who the hell cares?” she asked. “Mandy, the guy likes you! What in God’s name does he have to do to make you see that? Do you need him to jump up and down, wave little flags, proclaim his undying love for you? What? What’s it going to take? He’s not asking you to marry him. He’s asking you for one day. That’s all he wants.”
“But school—”
“Screw school! Just do it!”
And as she said those words, I turned back and caught the faintest, solemn expression cross Gabe’s face as he watched us, trying to muster a smile. Again, he was trying to pretend that he wasn’t hurt by my rejection, but he didn’t hide it well. I closed my eyes, remembering the one thing he’d asked me to do: break a rule. But if I went with him today, if I got out of the car, shut the door, and walked over to him…if I agreed to spend the day with him, then I’d risk breaking a whole lot more than one rule. 
I opened my eyes and stared back at him. Gabe. Standing there, standing there on the sidewalk, waiting for me. Was I crazy? What was I thinking? Bailey was right. He liked me, so what was I waiting for? If there was ever someone worth breaking a rule for, I knew it was him. 
I clutched my purse and nodded, finally reaching over to open my door once again.
“Thank God,” I heard my sister mumble before I shut the door. She flipped off the hazard lights, put the car into drive, and took off before I had time to turn around and wave. Standing there alone in the street, looking at Gabe looking at me, I felt my chest swell as my heart pounded faster and faster. I didn’t know what in the world I was doing, but whatever it was, it felt amazing. 
The faintest smirk tugged at his lip, and he blinked a few times too many, looking genuinely surprised by my decision to come back. As I kept trying to catch my breath, he held his hand out as if to ask me to join him on the sidewalk.
Still clutching my purse between my arm and my side, I took a few slow steps forward. When I reached the sidewalk and stepped up to his level, I stared at Gabe’s outstretched hand for a moment, and I knew that he was waiting for me to take it. 
I didn’t move, though. I just stood there, stunned and silent, staring at him, so he nodded slowly.
“Okay. One small step at a time,” he said, taking a step closer to me. I almost thought that he’d reach down and take my hand, threading our fingers together. I kept waiting for him to, but he never did. True to his nature, Gabe respected my boundaries. 
“So, what’s on the agenda for the day?” I tried to keep my nerves from getting the best of me, but I could hear the rattle in my voice. 
Even through my nerves, I had to ask because I couldn’t help but wonder what in the world he had planned. I didn’t know that he’d planned anything, but I assumed that he must’ve been up to something if he cared enough to go through all the trouble of getting me to skip school. 
He didn’t answer me. It was almost as if he wasn’t even aware of the fact that I’d just asked him a question. He was looking right at me, but his mind was elsewhere. 
“Gabe?” 
“Hmm?” 
“What’s the plan?”
“Oh.” He nodded in the direction of the park. “I’ve got to get my car.”
“Okay?”
 “And then we’re going to school.”
 



Twelve
As we drove down Highway 6 and farther away from the park, I was at a complete loss as to why Gabe had gone through the trouble of asking me to play hooky, only to turn around and tell me that he was taking me to school. It didn’t make a bit of sense. As we approached the filled parking lot at Sugar Creek High School, Gabe didn’t bother slowing down or even looking in the direction of the building. He kept his hands at ten and two, and his eyes fixed straight forward on the road. 
“Gabe?”
“Hmm?”
“You passed the—”
“I know,” he said, and he didn’t take his eyes off the highway.
Twenty minutes later, we crossed over the Desden city limit line, and it finally occurred to me where Gabe and I were headed. Just outside the city, he turned down University Boulevard, and the majestic brick buildings of the DU campus came into view. We weaved in and out of the winding brick streets, making our way deep into the heart of the school grounds. 
He pulled into the campus parking garage just next to the football stadium, killed the engine, and then turned to me with a quirked brow. Still curious about his motives, I turned to ask him, “What are we doing here?”
“Celebrating,” he said, taking no time at all to slide out of his seat belt and out of the car. He came around to my side, opened the door, and offered me a hand out. 
“And what exactly are we celebrating?” 
“Your acceptance, of course,” he said. “I assume you’ve already taken a tour?”
“Virtually.”
“You mean—”
“Only online,” I said. “I couldn’t get up here without Dad asking questions.”
“So then today’s your day,” he said. “Let’s tackle the campus, see the sights. We’ll do whatever you’d like. You name it.”
We left the garage and crossed the boulevard, landing us directly in the student square. Gabe didn’t waste a second to lead me to the top of the highest, grassy hill, and the steep hike was a rough one. He tackled it—limp and all—a lot faster than I did. He spent more time waiting on me to keep up than anything else.
Once we finally reached the top, Gabe kept walking until the ground leveled out. 
“Did you know that you can see everything from this spot?” he asked, positioning himself in the dead center of the hilltop. We were truly at the tip of the tallest hill, the place that was designed to overlook the entire school. “You can see it all. The entire campus, everything. No matter which way you turn.” 
I imagined he was right, but I didn’t bother turning to look at all of the buildings. I’d seen the pictures online. I already knew that they were each very unique in their own special way. I knew that if I turned, I’d see the dining hall, the rec complex, and the dormitories. I’d studied the maps, too. I knew exactly where each building was. If I turned, I’d see hundreds of students walking from building to building, some moving a little more hurriedly than the others. If I turned, I’d see all those things. But if I didn’t, then I’d just be looking at Gabe, and that seemed more intriguing than observing a bunch of architecture and strangers. 
So I just kept staring. 
“You call the shots, Mandy. What do you want to do? Where do you want to go?” Gabe asked, and then he finally tore his gaze away from the view to look back to me. 
He bounced back a step, surprised to find that my stare was still fixed on him and not on the campus view in front of us. As we watched one another, his breathing became shallower, and his fingers fidgeted at his side. His blinking became a little more frequent, his posture a little less perfect, and his general presence took on a very unsettled quality. He was keenly aware of the fact that I was watching him, studying every one of his subtle movements. It made him nervous, and it was the first time I’d ever really seen him let his guard down. 
“You okay?” he asked, trying to find his voice. He cleared his throat and shook his head, finally breaking our eye contact once and for all. “Is something wrong?”
“Nope. I’m great,” I said, finding solace in the fact that Gabe had the same human capabilities of getting nervous and flustered, too… and I kind of liked that it was because of me.
When we finally hiked down the hill, we spent the better part of the morning just walking the paths that circled the campus. Gabe asked me to stop off outside the performing arts center to take a picture of him posing next to a life-size statue, his arm wrapped around the shoulders of some guy who must’ve been really important on campus at some point. While I didn’t understand why he thought it was funny, he said that the picture was for Lashell, and she’d get it a kick out of it, so I went along with it and captured the shot on his cell phone. 
We had a quick lunch in the dining hall amongst the registered students, and then we stopped off at the bookstore to buy a bunch of university gear. Gabe swapped his beloved ball cap for a new one, a gray one sporting a bold, white DU on the front. He talked me into buying one, too, but I knew that I wouldn’t look half as good in mine as he looked in his. By the time we left, I bought two new shirts, a hat, and a ton of school supplies (that I didn’t need)—all stamped with the Desden U logo. 
The day passed far too quickly for my liking. But I’d gotten to spend each moment with him, so I couldn’t find room to complain. It gave new meaning to the phrase time passes when you’re having fun, and it was the first time I’d ever experienced that unfortunate truth. 
“All right, Mandy Parker,” he said, as the early afternoon quickly faded into late. Back at school, the school where I was supposed to be, the last class of the day was scheduled to let out in only an hour. “What’s next?”
“Can we just sit for a little bit?” I asked. I knew that if I had started to feel the long day taking a toll on my body, then Gabe couldn’t have been feeling any better. He hadn’t once complained about any kind of pain, but his limp had gotten worse as the day went on. We stopped at the south lawn and took a seat on an empty bench. We let our bookstore bags  rest at our feet, and both of us stared at the buzzing campus.
“Thanks for today,” I said, finally turning to look at him. He smiled and nudged me with his shoulder.
“You had fun, then?”
“Loads.” 
“And to think you almost blew this off.”
“I know, right?” I said, feeling my eyes grow heavier. I didn’t know if it was the long day of walking, the downward spiral of my adrenaline high, or what, but I suddenly found my eyelids falling heavily with each blink. My head landed softly against his shoulder, and Gabe rested his head against the top of mine.
“It was fun for a day, you know?” I said quietly. “Getting to see what it would be like, having the chance to experience it for a while.”
“What do you mean?” he asked, and although I couldn’t see his face, I sensed that his eyes were also closed. There was something heavy in his voice, something that sounded relaxed and completely at peace. “Even if you have to go to LA, Mandy, you’re still coming back. You’re in. You’re going to spend four, glorious years here.”
“Not if my Dad gets his way,” I said, and my eyes flittered open. I watched as groups of students walked by, each of them in their own little world, and none of them paying the least bit of attention to us. “Well, I guess it’s not so much the school that bothers him as it is the chosen field of study.”
“Which is English, right?”
“Yeah. I want to focus on creative writing. I feel like I have a thousand stories inside of me, and I need to write them.”
“Really?” he asked. There was a catch in his voice, but he didn’t sound surprised. “And that’s a problem, why?”
“Because my mom is a writer,” I said, hoping to spare the details. “It’s really a long story, but in a nutshell, she chose her career over our family, and Dad’s never really forgiven her. None of us have. I guess he’s just afraid that I’ll do the same.”
“Surely he knows you better than that,” he said. “Surely he doesn’t think—”
“You’re right,” I said. “He doesn’t think. He doesn’t care about anything but his own selfish wants and needs. That’s kind of why I needed the scholarship in the first place.” Gabe didn’t say anything for a moment, so I assumed he was trying to put all the pieces together. “Dad’s only agreed to fund my education if I promise to study anything other than English. I can’t make that promise. I won’t, so I’m stuck trying to figure out how to do it my own way. I only applied here because I thought I’d have time and resources to figure out an alternative solution.”
Gabe’s head slowly eased off of mine, so I lifted my head and sat up straight. 
“You should keep going after what you want, Mandy,” he said. “With or without your dad’s permission. It’s not his life, and you can’t make decisions for yourself just to appease him.”
“I know.”
“And you’re on track for the scholarship,” he said. “Your whole team is. You guys are doing great.”
“I know.”
He slowly pulled away and turned to face me. “So then what’s the problem?”
“Hmm?”
“We’re talking about your future here, but you couldn’t be less enthused. What’s wrong?”
“Gabe, this was all really nice, don’t get me wrong,” I said, looking back at the grass to avoid his stare. “But we’re not going to stay in Sugar Creek, I know. I can feel it. And that just means I’ll have to give up my chance for the scholarship. Without the money, then I only have one option: Dad. And what kind of option is that if it means I have to give up the one thing I’ve always wanted to do with my life? I’m not going to go to DU. I’m not going to study English. It’s as simple as that.”
“You’re going to give up that easily?”
“I’m not giving up,” I said. “I’m being realistic. RI was my only shot at doing things my way, and if we leave today, tomorrow, or next week, I have to leave the group, and that pretty much seals my fate. I’ll end up going to school wherever Dad wants me going to school.”
Gabe didn’t say anything.
After a solid fifteen minutes of silence, we finally agreed that it was probably a good idea to head back toward Sugar Creek. The walk back to the car was quiet, but the drive was even worse. I didn’t know if I’d upset Gabe, and if I had, I didn’t know how I’d done so. I’d only been honest with him. I thought he would respect that.
He pulled into the SCHS parking lot a few minutes before the final bell was scheduled to ring. He drove up behind mine and Bailey’s parked car, stopped, and then unbuckled his seat belt. As he’d always done, he came around to my side to open my door and help me out.
“Thank you,” I said, holding on to my purse. “I really did have a lot of fun today.”
“Good,” he said, smiling again. He walked with me to the side of the car, and I turned back to him just as I reached the door. 
“I don’t want you to think that I didn’t appreciate—”
“I know,” he said, nodding slowly. “I just wish I had known how complicated things were, and I would’ve taken you anywhere else. I didn’t mean to take you out there and stir up all of those raw emotions. I never meant to upset you.”
“I’m not upset, Gabe,” I said, shaking my head. “Quite the opposite, actually. I had fun, really. I’m glad I got to spend my day with you.”
He took a step closer and wrapped his arms around my shoulders, pulling me a little bit closer to him. He closed the gap between our bodies, and I felt my lungs slowly drain of air as he hugged me.
“It’s not over until it’s over, Mandy,” he said, and his voice was soft and sincere. He pressed a long kiss to the side of my head, keeping his lips there for a few long, glorious seconds. “Keep fighting for what you want, okay? Keep fighting, and I know that you’ll get everything you deserve.”
I could feel Gabe’s heartbeat as it drummed against my ear, and I smiled as I realized that it was beating just as quickly as mine. For the first in my life, I couldn’t care less about my mother, my father, my sister, or my future. Nothing around me mattered but him. All I really cared about was being right there in that moment with Gabe. 
I closed my eyes and savored every moment that he held on to me, but then the car alarm sounded behind us. We both jolted, jerking our heads up to find Bailey waving at us from the school entrance. She lifted the keys with a wicked smile and then started toward the car. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow at the soup kitchen,” I said, shaking my head, aggravated that my sister couldn’t let me have just one splendid moment to call my own.
“Okay,” he said, reaching down to take both of my hands. He squeezed them. “I know that walking away this morning wasn’t easy for you, but thank you.”
“For what?”
“For breaking a rule for me.”
“And the big, fat celebrity ego rears its ugly head,” I said, trying not to laugh. “What makes you think that I broke that rule for you? How do you know that I didn’t do it for myself?”
“Oh, geesh,” he said, pulling away. He shook his head and half-laughed, bringing his hands up to cover his supposedly wounded chest. “Break a man’s heart, why don’t you?”
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Gabe,” I said, shaking my head as he turned away. He walked back to his car, only turning back once to steal a look at me. I shrugged and waved, and then I just kept watching him until he was back in his car and pulling out on the highway.
I’d teased him, and maybe even flirted with him, I don’t know, but Gabe could never know how right he truly was. It had been really hard for me to break a rule for him, and that rule had nothing to do with skipping school, and everything to do with letting him in, allowing him to get a little bit closer than arm’s length.
 In that moment, I was certain, based on all the things I felt in the last few hours, today had even gotten me one step closer to breaking the biggest rule of all. 
Because of Gabe, my world was imploding all over again, and for the first time in forever, that wasn’t such a bad thing.




Thirteen
Bailey and I had barely moved a muscle since we’d gotten home from school. She asked me for all the juicy details of the day, and while I didn’t have anything ‘juicy’ to share, I still told her everything. It’d been the first time in years that we had a conversation that lasted so long without exploding into an argument of some kind. I noticed how smoothly things were going after about ten minutes, but I didn’t say anything. I didn’t want to jinx it. 
So we sat there on my bed talking, laughing, and musing about life. Bailey spent a while painting a vivid picture of what her life would’ve been like had we never left LA, and I (silently and every bit to myself) painted a lovely picture of what life could be like if we never had to leave Sugar Creek. I wouldn’t have to quit my job, change schools before graduation, or say goodbye to Gabe. I could go to DU, and I could live out my dream. But most importantly, I wouldn’t have to face Mom again.
“Oh good, you’re both here,” Dad said, poking his head into my room that evening.
“What do you want?” Bailey asked, turning to look at him. Needless to say, she’d been just as eager to spend time with our father lately as I’d been. 
“I think it goes without saying that we need to have ourselves a conversation,” he said, stopping at the door. It must’ve been his fear of being yelled out or ganged up on that caused him to hesitate, because he didn’t take another step closer. “Do you have a minute?”
“It depends what that minute entails,” Bailey spat back. 
Dad finally mustered the nerve to come in. After a few hesitant steps, he made his way to the bed and sat down on the mattress next to my sister. I pulled my legs up close to my chest, careful not to let him touch me. I barely wanted him speaking to me, so physical contact was completely out of the question.
“We need to talk about California.”
“I told you I’m not going,” Bailey said, but she didn’t waste a moment to tack the word ‘yet’ to the end of her sentence. “It’s not fair for you to ask us to leave at the beginning of our senior year, Dad. We still have homecoming, prom, graduation, and Mandy has the RI program. You can’t rip us away from all of that just to take a job.”
“And what about Jones?” I added, eliciting a stare from both Dad and Bailey. 
“What about him?” they both asked at the same time, and I sat a little straighter.
“It’s not fair for you to ask Bailey to end her relationship just for a stupid TV role,” I said, and that only made them stare harder. “She really likes Jones, and he really, really, really likes her. No, they haven’t been together long, but what if this relationship is just at the beginning of something that has potential to go long-term? What if you’re just asking too much of her? What if he’s the one she’s supposed to marry? He could be her soul mate, and do you really want to be the one responsible for tearing her away from her soul mate?”
“Since when do you believe in soul mates?” Bailey muttered under her breath, and then her eyes widened as I looked down at my folded hands. “Oh…”
“I just don’t think it’s fair for you to rip us away from all of the things we have going on right now,” I mumbled.
“And that’s what I came in here to talk to you girls about,” Dad said, perking up. “I know you guys can’t see it now, and all you’re seeing is the negative side to moving again, but there’s so much silver-lining to this move, I swear.”
“Other than the fact that you’ll be back on TV,” I said, finally looking at him, “Give me one reason to believe there’s anything positive that could come from this move.”
Dad remained quiet for a few long seconds. 
“You know being back in LA will put us right back where we swore we’d never be again,” I said. “You’re being selfish to ask us to go back there.”
“And you’re being selfish by asking me to stay here,” he retorted. “What am I supposed to do? Give up everything I’ve ever worked for? I’d never expect you to give up something you loved. Never.”
“You’re doing that now!” I yelled, and Bailey’s hand landed gently on my wrist. I looked down at her fingers as they squeezed my arm, and a warm sensation tingled on my skin. She was holding me, protecting me, doing everything she could to silently assure me that she wasn’t going to let anything bad happen. I couldn’t remember the last time Bailey had done something that promising, but for a faint minute it felt as though my sister had become my friend again.
“Dad,” Bailey said, looking to him, “have you taken the job?”
“Nothing’s official,” he said. “I told them I needed time to talk to you girls.”
“Perfect. Then let’s be realistic here, okay?” Bailey injected about as much enthusiasm into her voice as she could, but it wasn’t much. “Nothing is set in stone. Dad and I both want to go to California, but I’m not ready yet, and neither is Mandy,” she said, looking up at our father. “So why can’t we just do the simple thing and wait?”
“Meaning?”
“If the guys in LA want you now, they’ll still want you in the long run. That gives us some time to wrap things up here,” Bailey said. “Let’s start in small increments. Six weeks. That’s plenty of time to think, to plan, and to get our thoughts in order. While we’re here, we’ll get to go to homecoming, prepare ourselves for what’s ahead, and really have some time to think this over. Mandy can wrap up her stint with RI and win that scholarship,  and then we’ll reconvene and talk about how to move forward from there. Maybe with that amount of time, we’ll all have a clearer idea of what we all want.”
“I’m not going to change my mind,” Dad and I said at precisely the same time, and we watched each other for a long minute, neither of us eager to be the first to break eye contact. 
“Six weeks, guys,” Bailey said. “Can we at least agree on that for now?”
Dad’s eyes flittered to the side as he looked out the window, avoiding both of our stares. He didn’t want to wait; he wanted to jump the gun, throwing caution to the wind, regardless of whatever his daughters wanted. But Dad wasn’t heartless, and despite his recent behavior, he wasn’t completely void of emotion. If it meant keeping both of his children from hating him, he’d do it. He just wouldn’t be happy about it, and I knew we’d pay for it in the long run. Dad was bitter, and he held grudges. That’s why we’d ended up in Sugar Creek in the first place. 
“Six weeks,” he said. “End of story.”
Bailey and I looked at one another, knowing that a postponement of his plans was the closest thing to a compromise that we’d ever get from him. And that was okay with me. It gave me plenty of time to put a different plan in order, because I wasn’t getting back on a plane to California. 
Earlier, sitting on campus with Gabe, I was too quick to give up, to let Dad have his way and accept that things weren’t going to change for the better. But Gabe was right. I had to keep fighting for what I wanted. So it was time to stand up. I’d fight, because I was staying right where I belonged, whether either of them chose to stay or not. I didn’t know how I’d do it, or where I’d even begin to find the resources to make it on my own if I had to, but I’d do it. 
There were just some rules that I knew I could never, ever, ever break. Not for anyone. Not even Gabe, and especially not for my Dad. Rule #7: Always look out for number one. 




Fourteen
Thursday evening rolled around, and it was finally time to head to the church for a few hours of volunteering at our soup kitchen. I managed to get through most of the day without thinking of California, my burgeoning hatred for my father, or the constant flutter in my heart sparked by the sheer thought of Gabriel Raddick. 
 “What are you doing all dressed up?” I asked, eyeing my sister as I walked through the kitchen on my way to the front door. 
Bailey was up on the counter, gnawing on the top of a granola bar. Out of her school clothes and dressed in a pink flowered sundress and heels, she looked as though she was ready for an evening on the town. Her hair was styled into a smooth ponytail and bouncing off the top of her head, and her make-up was seriously overdone.
“You know I’m taking the car tonight, right?” I asked, trying to fathom where in the world my sister planned to go looking like that. “Do you need me to drop you off somewhere?” 
She shook her head, swallowed the bite of granola, and then hopped down from her spot. 
“Nope, I was just waiting on you.”
“Waiting on me for…?”
“A ride.”
“To?
“The soup kitchen,” she said, clapping her hands once to knock the crumbs off her fingers. 
“What’s at the soup kitchen?” 
“The Raddick Initiative,” she said, holding a finger up before I could interrupt her. “And don’t get your panties in a bunch. I’m only going with you because Jones had to bail to cover your shift, and none of the girls were free at the last minute.”
“Okay?”
“So I’m going to spend the evening helping,” she said, shrugging. She studied my suspicious stare. 
What was she up to? 
“I’m not up to anything,” she said as if she’d read my mind. “I mean, come on, Mandy. Weren’t you the one who gave me that whole load of crap about doing something positive and making an impact for the greater good?”
“Yes, but—”
“But what?” she asked. “Don’t stand there staring at me like I’m naked. It’s not a miracle that I’ve changed my mind.”
“It kinda is.”
“Do you want me to go or not?” she asked. “Because I can turn around right now and find something to do on my own. It won’t faze me for a second.”
True, she could, but I had trouble believing that she would. I loved my sister, but unlike me, she didn’t know how to be alone. If Jones, Dad, and all of her friends were going to be busy, Bailey would rather spend a few hours volunteering than spend a few hours alone with her own thoughts. And that was saying something, considering that only one week earlier Bailey would’ve rather gouged out her eyes than to help anyone in need.
Though I was still uncertain of her motives and her decision to leave the house with me, I snatched my keys and purse from the coat rack near the door and left with my sister in tow. 
I pulled the car into a corner spot just outside the church a few minutes before five, and neither Bailey nor I had time to make it through the back door before Lashell waddled out with her hands held high in the air. 
“Nope, turn around, back in the car,” she said, waving at us.
We exchanged looks with one another, and then we turned back to the graying woman. Neither of us knew what to say, but we stood plastered in our spots, silenced nonetheless.
“What do you mean back in the car?” I asked, finally finding my voice. “We agreed on Thursday evening. The kitchen opens tonight. Carla’s put up hundreds of fliers.”
“Change of plans. You’re not working here today,” she said, coming down the few steps. “Carla’s got her whole family to pitch in here, and Fletcher just showed up with half the drama club. We’re packed behind the line.” She extended her arm and passed me a piece of paper with a small, hand-drawn map and barely legible scribbles scrawled across the bottom. “You’re on the street team today.”
“The street team?” Bailey asked.
“It’s the roadside clean-up,” I said under my breath. “It’s not even part of the school program. It’s one of the permanent RI groups. They collect the litter—”
“Like trash pick-up?” she asked, widening her stare. She looked down at her dress and heels. “No way, José! I did not sign up for that.”
“You didn’t sign up for anything if my memory serves me well,” Lashell chimed in. “Bailey, right?”
“Yes, ma’am,” she said, standing tall. “Bailey Parker.”
“Well, Miss Bailey Parker,” Lashell said, nodding up at the building. “We can try to squeeze you in somewhere inside if you’re too dainty to get your hands dirty, but I won’t make any promises.”
Relief swept across Bailey’s soft face. She looked to me as if to ask if it was okay for her to stay, and I simply shrugged. What else could I do? If I said I wanted her to come with me, she’d no doubt follow me straight to the street clean-up, but she wouldn’t let a second go by that she wouldn’t remind me how much she hated me for making her pick up trash along the highway. 
Letting her stay at the soup kitchen was about the only way to ensure that she wouldn’t be ready to murder me by the end of the day.
We said our goodbyes, and Lashell added a few, simple instructions before I turned to leave: follow the map if I couldn’t read the directions at the bottom, meet the RI street team at the white van, and log my hours this evening on the highway. I didn’t have a moment to ask her why I’d been the one transferred before she turned away, and she and Bailey both disappeared through the back door of the church.
I let my gaze fall on the scribbled words at the bottom of the page. I got back into my car and followed each turn just as it’d been given on the paper. Within fifteen minutes, I was halfway to Desden on Highway 6.
There was an empty parking lot off the side of the road, so I pulled in and parked the car. The lot was empty with the exception of the street team van, but the team didn’t seem to be anywhere in sight. I got out of the car and stood just a foot or so away from my open door. I turned in a full circle, looking for any sign of the other volunteers, but there didn’t seem to be another sign of life anywhere.
“Good, you made it.” 
Gabe rounded the back corner of the van, dressed in his dirty and dingy work clothes, and then he looked down at my freshly laundered, RI shirt. 
“Oh, boy. That’s never going to stay clean out here,” he said, opening the back door of the van. He reached inside, dug around for a second, and then he extended his arm to hand me a folded trash bag and a long, litter stick. “The rest of the team is going north today. We’re going down the south stretch. I went ahead and sent them out while I hung back and waited for you.”
I looked down the road, back to him, and then I pulled my head upward and watched him from the corner of my eye. Even in those first, few moments, I already sensed that there was something strangely different about him.
“What exactly am I doing here?”
“The Raddick Initiative sponsors a four-mile stretch of clean-up between Sugar Creek and Desden,” he said, and his words were very formal, almost as if he’d rehearsed them.
“That’s great,” I said, clearing my throat. “But I meant why am I here? Lashell stopped me on my way in and told me to follow the map.”
“Right,” he said, closing the van doors. 
Clutching a litter stick and trash bag of his own, he started toward the highway, so I followed. With a few brisk steps, I caught up to his pace and threw him a questionable glance. 
“Gabe?”
“You’re here because I asked Lashell to send you.”
“And why would you do that?” 
“Why not?”
“Because of the competition,” I said, just in case he’d forgotten. “I want to win, Gabe. I need to win, you know that. Besides, I’ve made a commitment to my group, and we all knew what we were responsible for. We had a plan, and my absence kind of messes with the whole dynamic of our team.” 
“Don’t worry about the team,” he said, ignoring my mention of the competition altogether. His tone remained very formal, and I couldn’t help but wonder what had suddenly sparked this all-business side of him. “Lashell will find someone to step in if she needs the extra help.”
“She already did,” I said. “Bailey’s taking my spot.”
“Bailey?” he asked, stopping in his tracks. He turned to me, and his expression finally changed to something softer. “Your sister? She’s volunteering today?”
“Yeah,” I said. “She said she wanted to tag along and work with me, but then Lashell split us up. I thought that maybe I’d done something wrong.”
“Oh, Mandy,” he said, closing his eyes as he forced a breath through his lips. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“It doesn’t matter,” I said, shrugging. 
Sure, it had been the one chance, and probably the only foreseeable opportunity that I’d get to spend time with her, and it hadn’t panned out the way I hoped. By now I could only imagine that she’d dread the whole evening, making it the worst possible experience of her life, and then she’d somehow find a reason to blame me for abandoning her (although it was her idea to stay, and leaving wasn’t necessarily within my control).
“You can go back to the church if you want to, Mandy,” Gabe said, reading into my expression. He started walking again, so I kept up with his pace. “You don’t have to stay here. I can handle this stretch.”
“And leave you all alone?” I asked, shaking my head. “No way. Not with the way you’ve been dragging that leg lately. It’s not that big of a deal, anyway. If Bailey gets mad, she’ll get over it.”
“But the whole reason you decided to do the program was so that you could spend time with your sister,” he said. “And now that she’s on board, I don’t want to be the reason you’re not doing that.”
“And you won’t be,” I said. “I’ll tell her I was with you. Believe me, she’ll understand. I mean, it’s you.”
Gabe stopped walking again, and he arched his back, almost as if my words had surged through him, and not in a good way. He turned back and looked down, narrowing his gaze and studying my blank expression. He finally nodded a few times, and then he turned and started walking again. 
“Can I ask you something?” I asked after five minutes into trash pick-up. When he didn’t said anything for a while, I began to worry that maybe I’d said something wrong. He’d been acting strange ever since I’d pulled up, and I couldn’t figure out what in the world had happened. “Gabe?”
“Hmm?”
“Why am I here today?”
“I thought we covered that already.”
“But we really didn’t,” I said. “You were vague. You were avoiding the question. You asked Lashell to send me here, but why?”
He paused, and his breath became shallower by the second. He poked a piece of Styrofoam along the roadside and dropped it into the large trash bag clutched in his hand. 
“I asked Lashell to send you here this evening because I wanted to spend some time alone with you,” he admitted, dropping his head a bit further. Still, he didn’t look at me, but focused his attention on the trash alongside the road. “I knew that I wouldn’t get the chance to do that again anytime soon. I just… I wanted to see you while I could.”
Before I had the time to respond or even register what he meant by that, the wind picked up, and a chilly autumn breeze swept between us. I shivered and lifted my shoulders, but the cool air didn’t seemed to bother him. Gabe closed his eyes for a minute and let the wind sweep around us, and when he opened his eyes again, his gaze fell back to me.
“I probably should’ve warned you that you’d be out here all evening,” he said, looking down at my short-sleeved, RI shirt. “Here, take my jacket.”
Propping his litter stick against his leg and letting the bag fall to the ground, he unzipped his jacket, removed it from his body, and draped it across my shoulders. I wanted to hate how clichéd the whole thing was, but even I couldn’t ignore the magnitude of the moment. 
For a moment his hands gripped my upper-arms, holding me as if to somehow help me stay warm. It was the first time since I’d pulled up that evening that I felt like Gabe wasn’t distracted by something. But as quickly as he’d changed, his expression turned sad again. Something buried in the lines of his face looked pained and hurt.
I took a step forward, and his hands fell away. “Gabe, are you okay?”
He was acting so strangely.
His eyes shifted around, focusing anywhere but on me, and there was a hazy uncertainty laden in his stare. 
I didn’t like it. Something was wrong.
“Maybe we should just go back to the van,” he said, dropping his hands to his side. “It’s too cold for you to be out here in this wind, and the next few hours will be torture if you try to tough it out.”
 “I’m okay,” I said, slipping my arms into the sleeves of the jacket. “It’s just a little breeze. I’ll survive.” 
Hoping I hadn’t done something to upset him, I simply stepped forward and let my hand fall on his arm. He turned back to me, and for a moment I swore there was a single tear welling in his eye.
What happened? 
“Gabe, what’s going on?” I asked. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah,” he said, reclaiming his stick to stab another piece of trash. “It’s nothing. I just got something in my eye.”
“Right,” I said, still not moving my hand. When his stare trailed down and watched my fingers grip his arm, I remembered the way Bailey held me like that just the night before. I remembered the warm sensation of comfort I felt from her touch, from the simple knowledge of knowing that she was there, holding on to me, no matter what happened.
The memory of Bailey’s grasp sparked thoughts of Gabe’s protective hold on Monday night—the way he’d taken my purse, set it aside, and just wrapped his arms around me until we literally couldn’t hold on to one another anymore. A day didn’t go by that I didn’t wonder how long that embrace would’ve lasted had Dad not come back in and all but forced him out the door. And then there was the way he’d kissed my fingers… and every moment we’d shared the day before.
I knew there was only one thing I could do. 
I dropped my litter stick and my bag on the ground right where I stood. I reached forward, took Gabe’s from him, and tossed them to the side along with mine. 
I slid in next to his body, wrapping my tiny arms around his thick mid-section. Gabe’s arms hung limp at his sides, and then I felt them gently wrap around me, returning the hug I’d initiated. Just like the last time we’d held each other, Gabe held tight, and I prayed that he would never let me go. 
Unlike that first time we’d embraced, neither of his hands found the backside of my head, caressed my hair, nor moved from around my shoulders. He held onto me as if letting go was never an option. He never relinquished an ounce of his strength or let me slip away for even a moment.
“I don’t know what’s wrong,” I said into his shoulder, and in spite of how muffled my words were, I knew that he heard and understood every one. “But I hope that you know you can talk to me, Gabe. You’ve done nothing but listen to me from the moment we met. What kind of friend would I be if I didn’t return the favor?”
Gabe half-laughed, and then his hand finally found my head. 
“Let’s not pretend we’re friends,” he said, repeating only what I’d said to him once before, and then he finally pulled just far enough away to look down and meet my stare. 
He was hiding something, masking something behind that joke—just like he’d accused me of doing. I wanted to know what was wrong. I had to know why he was hurting, but Gabe wasn’t letting me in. If anything, I felt that he was shutting me out.
“You know, you’re right,” I said, taking a chance. “I like to think we’re not friends at all. There’s something here, isn’t there?”
He didn’t say a word. Our gazes met, and I felt something shift. I knew Gabe was about to say or do something that would change the dynamic of our ‘friendship’ forever.
He moved his hands across my back, holding me closer as I sank into his warm chest. His strong hands moved all the way up my spine and into the back of my hair, and his fingers buried deep in my soft curls. His forehead landed gently against mine, and our noses brushed for just a moment. As his mouth inched closer to mine, I could taste the warmth of his breath tickling my lips. I found myself falling closer to him, pulling my body against his, praying that he would just kiss me already.
But after a few, long seconds of standing there, holding and touching, so close to finally tasting his lips, Gabe closed his eyes and simply backed away.
“Mandy, you’ve got to go,” he said, his gaze no longer sweeping over me, but now fixed on our feet. When I searched his expression for something, hoping for some kind of explanation as to why he’d pulled away, he shrugged and finally looked at me. “You need to be with your sister. Go back to the kitchen and spend the evening with her. That’s what you want, isn’t it?”
I blinked a few heavy times, watching his pale eyes as they locked on mine, seemingly never blinking, nor needing to.
 “You said you wanted to spend time alone with me,” I said, hearing an unexpected catch in my voice. “You said that.”
“Right.”
“But why?” I hoped that if I could just get him to tell me the truth, then maybe I could understand what was going on with him. “Why would you want to spend time with me, Gabe?”
Of course, at that point, I knew as well as he did. But I wanted to hear it, no matter how much I knew it would hurt in the long run. I wanted the truth from him, probably as much as he wanted it from me.
He swallowed hard and shook his head.
“Let’s get you back to the kitchen before your sister throws in the towel,” he said, still avoiding my questions. “I don’t want to be the one responsible for causing an even bigger rift between the two of you.”
At that moment, I’d never felt so disconnected from a person. Not even two minutes earlier I’d been wrapped inside his arms, holding on to him as if I’d never felt anything as comforting as human contact. He’d held me just as closely. I’d been certain he was going to kiss me. I knew he was. So what happened? Why the sudden change in demeanor? Was it something I’d done? Something I’d said?
What was going on with him?
“We don’t have to go back,” I said, but he took a step away, finally separating our grip altogether. 
“We should, though,” he said. “I don’t want you to miss out on that quality time with Bailey.”
“But what about quality time with you?” I perked up. I knew it was a risk, but it was one I had to take. He was the one who’d told me to keep fighting. “You asked Lashell to send me here because you wanted us to have that time together, right?”
“Yes.”
“Would you want me to miss out on that?”
For a moment, his expression shut down. 
“No. I wouldn’t want that at all. But now’s not the time for either of us, Mandy. You need to go. Please.”




Fifteen
Not long after I handed over his jacket, Gabe walked me to my car and told me—for what felt like the hundredth time—to meet my sister at the soup kitchen. Without a hug, a handshake, or even the slightest brush of contact, he apologized again for tearing me away from her and said goodbye. 
He mentioned as I dipped into my car that he would try his best to finish the two-mile stretch in plenty of time to swing by before we closed up shop at the church, and I’d never anticipated anything as much as his return. 
I returned to the kitchen to find that Bailey hadn’t needed me there at all; she’d already fallen right into the swing of things, laughing and carrying on with Carla, Fletcher, and the rest of the drama club. When I joined the line, she simply nodded in acknowledgment, got me up to speed on everything I’d missed so far, and jumped right back into whatever it was they’d been laughing about when I walked through the door.
Even if my presence hadn’t been missed too much, I had a hard time bringing myself to care. I’d spent an interesting and confusing hour that evening with Gabe, and although I had no idea what had suddenly gotten into him or why his mood had shifted so quickly, I was happy knowing that he’d made a point to spend time with alone with me…again!
Back in town, it seemed as if Carla’s soup kitchen idea was a hit with the locals. And on the most positive note of all, Bailey had fit in, just like I knew she would. It was all because she stepped out of her comfort zone and tried something new. 
“We’ve served at least two hundred tonight,” Bailey whispered, looking out over the packed dining hall. There were dozens of families packed at the tables. “There hasn’t been a quiet moment since we got here.”
“Lashell said that’s how it was at first at the Desden soup kitchen, too,” Fletcher cut in. “They’d serve hundreds a night for the first few weeks.”
“And then it died down?” I asked.
“Quite the opposite,” Lashell said, stepping around me to collect some dirty trays. “After word got out, we had to change locations altogether. The local church started filling to capacity. We had to turn people away.”
“Where’d you go?” 
“Gabe made an executive decision to build from the ground up,” she said. “We constructed a soup kitchen to hold twice the number of the local church.”
“And it’s been successful?”
“For over a year,” Bailey said, and I guessed that this was a conversation that they’d had while I was out. My sister nudged me with her elbow and leaned closer. “That’s some guy you’ve got there, sis.”
Fletcher and Carla perked up at Bailey’s comment, and I rolled my eyes, pretending I had no idea what she was talking about. I wasn’t entirely sure Gabe wanted the whole team to know that something had sparked between us.
“Times are hard,” Fletcher said, shrugging a shoulder. “You always think you’ve got it bad, but you never realize how much worse others might have it. I never thought half the people I’ve seen here to tonight would need something like this.”
 “I’ve seen a lot of kids from school tonight,” Carla whispered, and Fletcher nodded as if that’s exactly what he’d been getting at. “I didn’t know we were surrounded by so many people who needed the help. It’s just nice to know we can do something for their families, you know?”
“Yeah,” I said, and then I looked at the busy dining hall for a second time. 
Carla had really done something great here, and if things continued over the next six weeks, I couldn’t imagine what kind of impact her soup kitchen would have on our community. She’d really outdone herself.
The evening dragged on, slower and slower with each passing minute. Even at the hour of the lowest attendance, the dining tables were still three-quarters full. 
Every time the front doors opened or I caught the sight of a blue shirt coming through the kitchen, I perked up with hopes that it’d be Gabe. I knew he’d be thrilled at the turnout. 
But we closed up a little after eight with no word or sight of him.
I tried to make excuses and wait around, hoping that he’d only lost track of time, but by eight fifteen, everyone else was already saying goodbye and pulling out of the parking lot. I asked Bailey if she’d mind hanging around a little bit longer, but she put a lot of emphasis on the words a little. After fifteen minutes of overtime, she lost her patience, took the keys, and settled herself in the driver’s seat of our car.
I didn’t want to leave, but I knew that if Gabe hadn’t showed up by now, he wasn’t going to show up at all. So I followed my sister out and climbed in the passenger’s seat. 
The drive home was anything but silent; Bailey spent the entire drive going on and on about how much Fletcher flirted with her all evening, and she blushed every time she said his name. When I took the time to remind her of a little someone named Jones, she rolled her eyes and reminded me that she was simply taken, not dead. If it’s looking and not touching, then no one gets hurt, she’d snapped at me. I thought to argue otherwise, but I knew that nothing I could say would change her mind. And besides, if Bailey had had a good time volunteering, who was I to judge her for how she’d had fun? She may’ve had a few, flirtatious moments with someone who wasn’t her boyfriend, but at least she’d been doing something helpful and positive in the process. For my sister, progress was progress, no matter how small. I should’ve just kept my mouth shut.
“What’s on tap for the night?” Bailey asked, slinging her purse on the kitchen counter ten minutes later. “I was thinking we could head over to Maurine’s and meet Jones for a sundae or something. You up for that?”
“Thanks, but no thanks. I have some research I need to get done, and I don’t think it’s smart to put it off any longer.”
“Research for what?” she asked. “We have every class together, and we don’t have anything due.”
“It’s for the article I’m writing for the Herald,” I said. “I finished the story this morning, but I want to make sure I haven’t missed anything important before I turn it in to Georgia tomorrow.”
“Oh, so Gabe-research, then?” she asked, making kissy noises.
“Goodbye, Bailey.” I turned back long enough to give her a mind your own business kind of look. 
Once curled in bed, I pulled my laptop on top of my sheets and waited for the computer to boot up. I focused all of my attention on digging up all the research I should’ve done a long time ago—and not research for the newspaper, either. I’d lied to Bailey when I’d told her that. It was just easier than telling her the truth. I’d already finished my article that morning before school. I turned it into Georgia with one day to spare, and I knew that it would be in perfect shape to run on Monday’s front page. That story didn’t require an ounce of last minute research or fact checking. But I still had stuff to dig up, and it didn’t take more than a simple Google search to find dozens of articles about the Desden native, philanthropist, and do-gooder, Gabriel Raddick.
I pulled up each article, focusing with the kind of intensity and attention I knew they deserved. 
I was determined to find something about Gabe, something that I didn’t already know. He’d been generous enough to give me a little bit of insight here and there, but his past was still a huge mystery to me. After the way he’d acted on the street earlier, I was determined to learn something—anything. I wanted answers.
Had he really been everything Jones had said—lonely, quiet, socially awkward? Did he have a family, and if so, why hadn’t he ever mentioned them? Why hadn’t they gone to his high school graduation? The closest he’d ever gotten to discussing his life outside of RI was when he’d told me that Lashell had been like a mother-figure to him, and even then, he’d remained pretty tight-lipped.
I didn’t feel guilty for wondering. Gabe himself had been the one who told me to turn all of my questions into answers, and the only thing I was guilty of was being too afraid to ask him directly. He had the answers, but I wasn’t certain that he’d ever give them to me. If he was eager to talk, if he’d ever wanted to open up to me the way I’d opened up to him, he’d already had his opportunity out on the street. Something hurt him, and whatever it was had come on fast and strong. I recognized the look in his eyes, and I knew it was pain. I’d hugged him. I’d held him. I’d ask him to talk to me, but he turned away. 
Gabe had his chance to tell me, and he hadn’t said a word. He laughed it off with a joke, and he tried to hide the pain beneath the surface. The Internet, though, wouldn’t let me down. I knew I’d find everything I’d need to gain a better perspective on the man who’d weaseled his way into my heart. 
With one search, I got to work.
“Do-Gooder Gabe Raddick gives back to local communities”
“Local solider wins national philanthropy award”
“An angel among men: Gabriel Raddick makes his mark”
“Local communities see the impact of Raddick’s return”
And those were only the first four results to pop up. The next few pages of results were littered with articles just like those, stories that praised Gabe for all the wonderful things he’d done during his short reign as the ‘angel among men.’ And most of the stories included a great picture of him posing with Lashell or some of the blue-shirt volunteers at various locations. 
The longer I searched, the harder it became for me to ignore just how much everyone loved Gabe; there wasn’t a single bit of negative light shed on him anywhere. 
When I sat staring at the screen, watching the cursor blink in the Google search bar, I vividly remembered the look on Gabe’s face as we sat at Shae’s and he’d asked how many bad yearbook pictures did you dig up? And then the genius idea hit me.
If I wanted to find something on his past, I needed to stop searching his present. I needed to set my search back a few years.
Gabriel Raddick + Desden High School + yearbook
After scrolling past a few familiar article headlines, I found a link to the Desden High School yearbook directory. Clicking a few years back, I scrolled through hundreds of rows of black and white senior pictures. When I finally landed amongst the R’s, I stopped breathlessly as I read— Not Pictured: Gabriel Raddick. I went back another year, and I still couldn’t find anything. With no luck from his senior or junior years, I searched the year prior, and that’s when I hit the jackpot. The first of the R’s, and there he was—the tenth grade version of Gabe.
His long, blond hair was a mop-top mess, haphazardly disheveled and falling just below his ears. His bony face was mostly hidden behind large, thick-framed glasses, and the dark circles under his eyes made him look as though he’d gone weeks without sleep. He didn’t smile, nor did he frown. Gabe was expressionless, and his pale eyes were hollow and void of any emotion. He looked empty, drained. Awful. 
If I thought Gabe looked homeless the first time I met him on Highway 6, then I didn’t even know how to describe the image in front of me. This person, this younger version of Gabe… it was someone I would’ve never known.
If I’d met this guy five years ago, back when the photograph was taken, I would never believe that he’d grow up to be the man he’d become, and I suddenly understood Jones’s shock. It was like looking at a complete stranger. 
The more I studied the picture, the more I wanted to know about the boy looking back at me. I already knew how his life would pan out. I’d seen it in person; I’d read the articles. His future was destined to blossom into something beautiful and amazing. If that sophomore student only knew what he would make of himself, he might not have looked so lost and lonely. But what I really wanted to know, what my heart ached to learn, was what in the world happened to him to cause him to be so shut off, so distant, so broken. I could see it in his stare. Gabe had been lonely once, too, and that picture captured the loneliness. 
That look, that desperate hopelessness in his eyes, that was the same look he’d had out there on the street just a few hours ago. 
It wasn’t until I looked at the clock a while later that I realized I sat staring at the picture of Gabe for a long time—an hour, in fact, and it was already time to crash for the night. No longer anxious to look at another article, photo, or reminder of Gabe, I shut my laptop, set it aside, and dropped my head on my pillow.
All I wanted was to find something, just one thing that would help me understand him, but I hadn’t found anything useful. In fact, after all the articles I’d read and the pictures I’d found—especially his yearbook photo—I found myself asking more questions and feeling more anxious to learn all the things about Gabe that he obviously didn’t want to share.
I closed my eyes and prayed for a dreamless sleep.
But I tossed and turned all night. All I could see was him.


“All right, let me have it!” I said eager to hear Georgia’s thoughts on the piece I’d written. “What did you think? It was good, right?” 
I stood in front of her desk, watching as she looked up at me with a broken stare. She let go of a long breath, and then she turned to the stack of papers next to her, pulled a sheet of paper from the middle, and passed it over to me. 
“We can’t print this,” she said, tapping a finger on the page. “Journalism is supposed to be honest and objective, and your goal here was to do nothing but tell the story.”
“That’s what I did,” I said, picking it up to reread the article I’d poured my heart and soul into. “It’s a good piece.”
“Sure, it’s great,” she said, shrugging. “And if we were trying to publish a story that captured the angelic essence of Gabriel Raddick, then I’d print your article today. But you were assigned to write a story about the program. You were supposed to get information from Gabe, to snag a few quotes for your article. But what you’ve written, no. That’s not objective journalism. Your perspective is skewed, and that won’t fly in this newsroom.”
She slid her rolling chair across the floor and stopped at the desk behind her. She plucked a folder from the large pile of clutter growing on the back counter, and then she wheeled over to the desk in front of me. She opened the folder, retrieved a group of 8x10 glossy photos, and passed them over.
“I sent Santiago out to get some candid shots of the group in action this week,” she said. “He came back with the proofs, and I think we can both agree that there’s a distinctive pattern.”
I flipped through the photographs, one by one, and it only took a single moment to see the pattern she was referring to.
In every photograph of Gabe, I was there, too. 
There was a picture of him and Lashell talking up on the stage in the auditorium, and I recognized the image quite well. It was the first day of the program, the Saturday afternoon just after I’d hit him with my car. He was still scruffy and dirty, but he wore a smile. Over in the corner of the photograph, Carla and Fletcher were leaning over a notebook, deep in conversation. I wasn’t focused on them or anything happening in our group. I was turned around in my seat, watching Gabe and Lashell, eavesdropping on a conversation I had no right to listen in on.
The second picture was taken shortly after Gabe sat down with my team. While I was looking at Carla, my face all twisted and distorted, Gabe was staring at me. His elbow was propped on his leg, his head was resting in his hand, and he just studied me, as though he couldn’t believe I was getting worked up over whatever it was we were talking about in that moment. There was an intensity to his stare that was almost frightening. 
He knows you.
I could hear Bailey’s voice ringing through my ears. 
It means he likes you, Mandy. He knows you.
I knew that now, but I couldn’t help but wonder if he knew me so well because of how closely he’d watched me. He’d already confessed to it once before. He said he could recognize my gestures, and he knew I’d been tense. But that was after we called our truce and started over. If this photograph was any indication, then it meant that Gabe really had been studying me all along, from the very beginning. That probably explained how he’d been able to tell me and my sister apart at first glance. 
He knew me.
“Mandy?” 
“Hmm?” I said, looking up from the photographs. 
“There are a dozen more just like those,” she said. “We have more from the orientation and from the car wash. And don’t forget I sit in the same cafeteria with you. I’ve seen it with my own two eyes.”
“What are talking about?”
“I know it’s only a school paper,” she continued. “And I understand that we don’t have to abide by all the journalism codes here the way they do out in the real world, but I take this job seriously; it’s my passion. When I go in for my college interview in the spring, I want to be able to tell the university that I have run this school paper as honestly as I could with integrity and dignity.”
I nodded.
“I can’t do that if I let you publish this article,” she said. “The writing is great; it’s snappy, and it’s entertaining. But you’re too close to the subject. I don’t know what’s going on between you and Raddick, and it’s none of my business, but I can’t let you write anything else about the program from here on out. It wouldn’t be fair to our readers.”
I nodded again, and then I managed to find my voice. 
“It’s okay,” I said. “I understand.” I wadded the article into a ball and tossed it in the trashcan next to her desk. Georgia’s eyes trailed over to the garbage before she looked back to me. “I can ask someone else to cover the story—”
“Don’t bother,” she said, picking up a piece of paper. “We’re just going to run the story Mary Chris covered on the transportation changes. I’ll take care of the Raddick story myself, and we’ll get it in for the next issue.”
“I’m really sorry.”
“Don’t apologize,” she said. “These things happen. There’s always a Plan B.” A small smile pulled at her lips, and she leaned a little closer. “Now,” she said, taking an imaginary hat off of her head. “The editor cap is off. I know I said it’s none of my business, but I’m curious. What’s going on with you and Raddick? Everyone’s been talking.”
“What do you mean?” I asked, frozen.
“You guys have been working very closely,” she said. “And we all saw you together in the lunch room on Monday. You can’t tell me you don’t see the way he looks at you.”
“Um… no, I mean… Gabe is just… Gabe.”
“Oh, don’t give me that,” she smiled. “I know we’re not friends, per se, but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to see you happy. You smile around him, and I don’t think anyone at this school has ever seen you smile. We thought it was like a medical impossibility for you or something.”
“I smile,” I argued. “I smile all the time.”
“Mandy,” she said, looking at me from the tops of her eyes. “Seriously. What’s going on?”
 “I like him,” I said, finally admitting the words out loud for the first time. I barely recognized my voice as I heard that one simple truth slip off my lips. “I like Gabe… a lot. And you were right; I probably shouldn’t have written that article. I’m not unbiased or objective by any means. He’s amazing, and part of me wants nothing more than to shout it to the world so that everyone knows.”
Georgia’s lips curved into the silliest of grins. 
“I’ve got to get to homeroom,” I said, backing away slowly. I stumbled away from the desk, completely unaware of my legs. I wanted to hate how easily even thoughts of Gabe could make me weak at the knees, but I couldn’t muster the slightest bit of resentment. I imagined I looked like Bambi trying to walk for the first time, and something about the way my skin tingled left me feeling a little woozy. Gabe left me feeling a little woozy. “Let me know if you have anything else for me. I’d be happy to make it up to you.”
She nodded once, and just as I reached my hand for the doorknob, she cleared her throat. I turned back to her, and she stood behind her desk.
“You know,” she said, and I tilted my head at her gentle tone, “I like this side of you—this smiling person, this new girl that you’ve become. I like it a lot.”
“Yeah, me, too,” I said, returning her smile. “I’ll see you around, Georgia.”
“Mandy,” she said, just as I turned away again. “Have lunch with us today, okay?”
 “Yeah,” I said, feeling an even bigger smile stretch across my face. “Yeah, okay. That sounds great. I’ll see you at lunch then.”




Sixteen
It had been a full week since I’d seen or heard from Gabe. Each day that went by without word or sight of him, I found myself on the verge of screaming. Last week I couldn’t seem to shake him; he seemed to turn up around every corner. But something happened on the street last Thursday, and whatever it was, it kept him from making any more of his unannounced trips to Sugar Creek. The school’s RI team had hosted three events already this week, and he hadn’t bothered showing up for a single one. 
He’d basically disappeared, and I didn’t care what his excuse was, I still felt like he owed me something. I knew he’d been upset the last time I saw him, and I understood better than anyone that he needed space. But how could he flip like that without any kind of explanation? He’d driven all the way down here to see me one evening, and we spent the entirety of the following day together. Things were going so great, and then he just turns around and blows me off for no apparent reason? It didn’t make sense. I hadn’t done anything wrong. I hadn’t!
The more I let myself think about it, the more I got into my own head. I overanalyzed every word, every, tiny thing he’d ever said to me. I played every scenario over and over in my mind, and I kept digging for answers. What happened? I thought we were headed in a good direction. The longer I thought, the harder I was on myself, the more I began to actually believe that maybe I hadn’t interpreted his last words in the way he’d meant.
Now’s not the time for either of us, Mandy. You need to go. Please.
Had that been Gabe’s way of saying that, in spite of the fact that he didn’t want us to miss out on time together, he really believed that we weren’t in the right time or place to actually be together? All that time, walking away from that conversation, I’d been thinking of it in a completely different way. I thought his sudden need to push me away was only a ploy to get me to go back to my sister at the soup kitchen. But when I didn’t hear from him, each day it became clearer to me that was not what he’d meant. He hadn’t just meant for that night, he’d meant for good.
 “All right, girls, change of plans,” Dad said, sticking his head through my bedroom door. 
“It’s just me,” I said, looking up from my English essay. “Bailey’s down at the soup kitchen covering my spot. She finished her homework already. I have to finish this paper by tomorrow, so she let me hang back.”
“Bailey’s out volunteering?” he asked, his eyes widening.
“Crazy, huh? She doesn’t seem to hate it,” I said, just as impressed as my father. “She’s made some new friends, and she seems quite—wait a minute,” I said, finally meeting his cold, gray stare. “What did you mean by that?”
“Hmm?”
“When you came in here just now,” I said, pushing my books aside and giving him my full attention. “You said, all right girls, change of plans. What did you mean? Change of plans for what?”
Dad took in a long breath. He looked up to the ceiling for a minute as if to say a prayer, and for my father, that was a huge deal. He’d never been the most religious or spiritual type, but if he was about say what I thought he was about to say, the only person who could save him from my wrath was God himself. 
“If I don’t accept the offer by Sunday,” he said, “the deal is off the table.”
“What?”
“The writers want to get the ball rolling on Deacon’s return, and they need my commitment to move forward,” he said, stepping into the room. “I have to give them a straight answer now, Mandy.”
“And then what?” I asked. “You have to give them an answer, but if you say yes, how long do we have? We still have our six weeks, right?”
He lifted his head again and rubbed the back of his neck. 
“If I say yes,” he said through jagged breaths, “taping will begin two weeks from tomorrow.”
“Two weeks?” I yelled, jumping up from my bed. “You can’t be serious!”
“It’s just one of those things, Mandy,” he said. “These kinds of opportunities don’t stick around forever. When the platform’s there, you gotta jump.”
“I’m not moving to California, Dad,” I yelled. “We had a deal!”
“That was before I knew my deal in LA had an expiration date.”
“So what?” I asked. “In your tier of priorities, keeping a promise to your agent and a stupid soap is more important that keeping a promise to your own daughters?”
Of course, he didn’t have to answer the question. I already knew the answer. I’d known the answer for a long, long time.
“It’s not like that at all, Mandy,” he said, taking a step closer to me. “You’ll understand some day when you have a real dream of your own. Right now it doesn’t make sense to you, and I understand that. You think I’m trying to hurt you, but I’m not.”
“Dad, I have a ‘real’  dream,” I said. “You know that! I want to stay here in Sugar Creek. I want to win the RI scholarship and go to Desden U. I want to write books. I want to tell stories. I’m—a—writer!”
“Like your mother,” he said under his breath, and it was the first time he’d ever admitted it out loud. All along we’d known, but Dad had never said it out loud. He always came up with a million reasons to steer me away from writing, but he never blatantly told me why it bothered him, even if it had been clear from the beginning—and it’d been very clear.
He didn’t want me to be independent. He needed me—us, both Bailey and me—to need him. He needed to be needed. With Bailey, she’d always turn to him for guidance. She’d lean on him for acting advice, for financial help. She’d always cling to his support. But somehow, Dad had led himself to believe that being a writer meant that I’d magically turn into Mom. Turning into Mom meant no longer needing him, and no longer needing him might as well be the end of the world. 
“So let me get this straight. It’s okay for Bailey to follow in your footsteps and be an actor, but I can’t have the same dream Mom had?”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“It’s exactly what you meant.”
“You can write in LA, Mandy,” he said, pretending, but only for a second, that he supported my decision. I didn’t bite. I didn’t believe for one second that he’d change his mind about my career options whether we were in Sugar Creek or California. He was just going to say whatever he had to say to get me there. He’d fight one battle at a time. “There are more opportunities out there for you.”
“I don’t want to write screenplays and sitcoms, Dad. I want to write novels, and I want to do it here!”
“Well, that’s just too damn bad, Amanda,” he said. “I’m calling Ripken tonight, and I’m taking the job. We’re leaving next week, so you can start packing your bags. We’re not discussing this any longer.”
“Dad, no,” I begged, but he threw his hands in the air.
 “End of conversation.”


“Mandy, are you okay?” 
I looked up at Lashell and felt my chest fall heavily at the sight of her worried expression.
Because my sister had taken the car to the soup kitchen, I hadn’t had anything to drive to track her down. When I stormed out of the house, I stepped into the pouring rain and ran. And I just kept running for six blocks until I finally reached the church.
My clothes were soaked through to my skin, cold and wet, and I was freezing. I could feel the black trails of mascara dripping down my cheeks, but all I could really focus on was trying to find my sister. 
“Where’s Bailey?” I asked, and I looked around the kitchen. I ran into the packed dining room and didn’t find her on the line. Returning to the kitchen, I looked back to Lashell. “Where is she? Why isn’t she here?”
“She and Gabe went to the market to get some more pasta,” she said. “We ran out.”
“Gabe was here?” A sharp pain wrenched itself deep into my gut, and I knew the pain could’ve been caused by any number of things. Maybe because he’d been avoiding me. Maybe because he hadn’t bothered showing up for a week? It could’ve been that he’d left me hanging with words of uncertainty, words that I couldn’t interpret no matter how hard I tried. Or it might’ve been the fact that he was making a food run with my sister, and I was supposed to stand there and act like that didn’t bother me.
“Mandy,” Lashell said, dropping her hands on my shoulders. “Honey, what’s going on? Are you okay?”
“No!” I screamed, shoving her arms off of me. “I’m not okay! I—need—to—talk—to—Bailey!”
My eyes darted around the kitchen, and both Carla and Fletcher turned to watch as I stumbled, nearly losing my balance and falling to the floor. 
“This was all just one big mistake,” I said, dropping my shoulders. “All of it. This whole thing! I didn’t have friends, I didn’t need friends, and I most definitely didn’t need a man in my life complicating everything.”
“Mandy, maybe you should—”
“Stop!” I screamed, covering my ears. “Don’t tell me to calm down!” While it did just enough to muffle the sound of her voice, it did nothing to drown out the sound of the agonizing cries surging through me. There was something screaming, something buried so deep inside of me that clawed to reach the surface, begging for a way out. 
My hands slid up from my ears and dug at the roots of my hair, and as the screaming became louder, all I could do was close my eyes and pray that it would stop. I pressed my eyes shut and counted slowly to myself, trying to ignore the pounding in my brain. But it only grew louder as I counted.
My eyes fluttered open and I fought to catch my breath. 
Everyone in the kitchen who hadn’t already been looking turned to watch me, and the buzz in the dining room quickly died down. 
“I have to move to California next week,” I said, finding my voice again. “Seven days, Lashell. I have to quit the program and leave my school to move back to the one place I never want to be again.”
Gabe and Bailey rounded the corner. Both of them stopped in their tracks as they watched me standing in front of them, my hair a ratted mess and my clothes dripping a puddle of rain water at my feet. 
“Mandy?” my sister asked. “What’s wrong? Why are you—”
“We’re leaving,” I said, struggling to catch my breath. “Dad’s calling Ripken tonight to take the job, and we’re leaving on Friday.”
“What?” she asked. “No, we had a deal. He promised.”
“And when has that ever meant anything?” 
She set the grocery bags on the counter and took a step closer to me. 
“We’ll fix this,” she said, reaching forward to take my arm, but I jerked it away. “Mandy, come on, don’t do that. We’ll fix it.”
“There’s nothing to fix,” I said. “We’ll just have to go home and pack… and get ready to say goodbye all over again.”
I thought that Gabe would have something to say, especially to that, and especially since he’d been so distant. I thought that he would step up and try to be a voice of reason, but he didn’t say a word. He just stood there and watched me, and I couldn’t read anything in his expression. I turned away, giving up all hope that he’d offer any kind of explanation as to why he left me hanging for a week—even now when I needed comfort the most—and I opened the door and stepped outside.
Sulking through the downpour, I sloshed through the puddles and headed for home.
“Mandy, wait,” his voice called through the rain as I reached the edge of the parking lot. He managed a brisk jog across the pavement, but his limp slowed him down. When he caught up to me, he opened his arms, and I simply shook my head. 
“No,” I said, refusing the hug he’d offered. “I don’t want that.”
“Then what do you want?” he asked, dropping his hands. “How can I help?”
“You can start by leaving me alone, Gabe,” I said. “You’ve been doing an excellent job of that already this week, so it shouldn’t be too hard. Just keep doing what you’re doing.”
“Mandy—”
“I never wanted this in the first place,” I said. “I didn’t want your friendship, your kindness, or your challenge to make me a better person. I was fine just the way I was. I just wanted to be left alone. You knew that! You knew that from the start!”
He winced at the harshness of my tone, but he never said a word. I hated him. He’d gotten close. He forced my guard down, and he made me believe that I was wrong for not believing in the notion of love and romance. He made me feel something I never wanted to feel. He did. It was his fault that I had nearly broken every rule, and then he turned around and left me with a thousand unanswered questions and a broken heart.
Gabe didn’t draw back. I expected him to. I wholeheartedly expected him to turn away, but he didn’t. Instead, he took a step closer, and his eyes softened as he lowered his open arms to wrap himself around me.
“No!” I yelled, pushing him back. I had to fight to wriggle out of his arms. “Don’t touch me! Don’t hug me; don’t stand there and act like you’re going to make this better. I was fine before I met you, Gabe. Sure, I was alone, but at least I wasn’t hurting. And this past week, these last seven days that I haven’t heard from you or seen you, that’s all I’ve done! I’ve hurt—because of you! Because you made me open up, you made me feel. And then I show up here tonight and find out that you were out with my sister—”
“Oh, no, Mandy,” he said. “We were—”
“I don’t care where you were,” I yelled over the rain as it pelted against us, drenching us. “I just know how it made me feel, and I hate it. I don’t want to feel angry. I don’t want to feel jealous. I don’t want to feel anything, especially where you’re concerned.”
“Mandy, please—”
“I don’t want to hear your explanation,” I yelled louder, and my voice was strained from trying to scream over the roaring thunder. “I don’t want to hear anything you have to say, Gabe. I just want to walk away, go home, and forget I ever knew you.”
“Please, listen,” he begged.
“Leave—me—alone,” I said. “I don’t get why you’re having such a hard time understanding what I’m saying to you. I had no one to say goodbye to, Gabe. I could’ve just left.” I shook my head and looked away. “And now I have to go home, pack everything I own, and leave all of this behind me like it never happened. And the hardest part of all is that I don’t have a single clue how I’m going to even start to erase all of this. I don’t know how I’m going to find a way to forget you, and I hate you for that!”

 
Three days passed since I stood outside in the pouring rain, yelling at Gabe. I hadn’t heard from him once since I turned away from him, and I doubted I would ever hear from him again. I didn’t know Gabe well enough to know that he would listen and actually leave me alone. I didn’t know if that had made me happy or sad. 
He told me once that he wasn’t the kind of person who could be pushed away, but I didn’t feel that I’d really given him much of a choice this time. I yelled at him. I pushed him away—literally. I hadn’t given him any reason to believe it would be okay to keep pressing.
I told him I hated him.
I told him to go.
So he stayed away. And I moved forward, trying to settle my unfinished affairs before I ran out of time. 
“Okay,” I said, smoothing the paper out in front of Carla. “I don’t have much, but this is what I’ve been able to get so far.”
I showed her the list of sponsors and donations I’d drummed up for the big, finale fundraiser; I’d been able to cover the fliers, the newspaper ads, and the band. I called Jones last night and asked him to call in a favor with his band mates; they all agreed that a charity benefit would be a great opportunity for a little exposure. The school was going to provide the space, the tables, and the chairs. The dance committee offered to chip in and decorate with old archived and leftover decorations. All that was really left for Carla, Fletcher, and Lashell to do was find someone to take care of the food. With a little bit of advertising, the dance would go off without a hitch.
We were sitting at the diner Sunday morning, going over all of the basics. I’d called and invited both Carla and Fletcher, but he was tied up with homework and she was pressed for time. Still, she managed to come out for a quick breakfast. 
“You killed it, Mandy,” she said, smiling down at the list. “When did you have time to get all of this done?”
“Little by little, day by day,” I said, taking in a deep breath. I didn’t want to tell her that it hadn’t been all that hard. Most everyone I talked to was eager to help, especially since it was for charity. Between all of the hard work that everyone in our group had done, throwing in the grand finale dance next month, I couldn’t foresee any way that the other districts would beat out Sugar Creek for the win. It just couldn’t happen.
If our school won, with me in LA, that meant that Carla and Fletcher each had a one-in-ten shot at winning the scholarship. 
I forced a smile.
“Oh, hey,” she said, running her hand across the top of my back. “It’s okay. We’ll take care of it.” I nodded and blinked away a tear. “Mandy, listen,” she said, “I know this dance means a lot to you, and we’re going to give it all the time and attention it deserves. I promise.”
“I’m trusting you with this,” I teased, trying to smile through my pain. If there was one thing Gabe had been right about, it was that I always tried to mask my feelings with a smile or a laugh. Covering up the pain was just somehow easier than facing the real emotion. Unable to bear the thought of Gabe or the way he’d challenged me, I focused on (what I hoped would be) much safer territory. “Okay, so tell me. How’s the soup kitchen running now?” After two weeks, Carla had already managed to successfully run four nights in the kitchen. I couldn’t imagine it hadn’t been a success.
“It’s great,” she said. “The markets have been really cool about donating food. We’ve set up a food pantry to take donations, and Gabe’s even brought in some stuff from the Desden kitchen. I knew it would be a nice, little thing to do for a couple of nights a week, but I guess I never realized how many families in Sugar Creek really needed something like this.” She paused and held her breath for a moment, and then she shook her head. “Can I tell you something?”
“Of course.”
“And promise you’ll tell me the truth if you think it’s a bad idea, okay?”
“Sure. Yeah, absolutely. What’s going on?”
“I’ve talked to my Uncle Rick, the pastor over at the church, and we both want to keep the soup kitchen open permanently. Thursdays and Saturdays seem to be the best days for it. It’s doing its part to spread the goodness around Sugar Creek, and it’s been great exposure for the church. Sunday morning attendance has doubled in the last two weeks.”
“Wow, Carla, that’s amazing.” 
“And I think that making a decision like this, deciding to keep it open permanently, will give me a leg-up in the scholarship competition. I’m hoping that Gabe will see how hard I’m working—”
“I don’t think Gabe’s picking the winner,” I said, but I knew that it didn’t matter. Anyone judging the final outcome would see that my idea for the community dance didn’t stand a chance against Carla’s soup kitchen, especially if the soup kitchen had potential to last well beyond the end of the program. Maybe it was a good thing that I wouldn’t be sticking around, after all. I didn’t know if I could bear losing the scholarship to Carla.
“Oh, I know it’s not solely up to Gabe,” she said, shaking her head. “But he has major influence on who’ll get the money. It’s coming out of the foundation’s fund, you know, and he’s not going to hand it over to just anyone. There’s a separate team of judges for picking the winner, but it definitely can’t hurt to impress the president, am I right?”
“Yeah,” I said, swallowing hard. “You’re right.”
“Okay, so listen,” she said, scooping up the notebook and all the plans I’d put together. “Thank you for this. I promise I won’t let you down. And I’ll take lots of pictures so you won’t miss a thing. K? We’ll stay in touch.”
I’d heard that before. If I had a penny for every time one of my friends back home had promised to stay in touch and hadn’t followed through, I wouldn’t even need the Raddick Initiative or the scholarship. My college education could’ve been paid for years ago!
“Yeah,” I nodded, pretending to really believe her lie. “We’ll stay in touch.”
She stood up and patted me on the back once again. “See ya around, Mandy.”




Seventeen
I skipped school on Monday morning. With only four days before we caught our flight to the rest of Dad’s life, Bailey and I both had a lot of packing to do. Dad didn’t bother sticking around the house. He was down at his office dealing with some issues of his own… like trying to figure out how to abandon a town full of people who loved and trusted him to enough to elect him into office. He had his work cut out for him, and I didn’t feel the least bit sorry for any kind of backlash he took for his decision to walk away.
I kept my ear buds pressed firmly in my ears as I packed. I didn’t care what I had to listen to, what came up on the playlist, I just kept listening. It was better than being alone with my thoughts, and at least I knew that my little musical escape would be therapeutic. I had never downloaded a single, romantic track, so I knew that I wouldn’t have to worry about thoughts of Gabe creeping up unexpectedly.
I’d only managed to pack half of my closet when I heard a crash come from Bailey’s room. I ripped my ear buds out and ran down the hall. I found her standing in front of her shattered vanity mirror.
“Bailey?”
“I can’t believe we’re doing this!” she screamed, punching the mirror for what I guessed was a second time. A shard of the glass nicked her knuckle, but her emotions had gotten the best of her, and she hadn’t yet registered the pain. A thin stream of blood dripped from her hand and pooled at her feet on the carpet. “Why is he doing this to us?”
I stood and watched my sister as she sank down on her bed, cupping her face into her hands. She sobbed like that for a few minutes, and then she looked back up to me with mascara trails dripping down the sides of her face. 
“Mandy, what are we supposed to do?” she asked, barely breathing through her tears. “We still have so much that’s left here. Am I supposed to just get on that plane and never see Jones again?”
“No,” I said, finally stepping into her room. “Bailey, you can come back and visit him any time you want.”
“He’s going to break up with me,” she said. “Long distance relationships never work, Mandy.”
“That’s crazy.” I sat down on the bed next to her. “Jones is nuts about you. He’d never break it off.” I draped my arm around her shoulder, and she buried her head against my chest and cried harder. 
“And what about school?” she continued. “What about everything we have? Are we supposed to just give all of that up and walk away? I was going to be Homecoming Queen, dammit. And prom queen! And I have friends, here, Mandy. Lots of friends. How are they going to make it without me? We’re a team, a group. Our posse will break apart, and it will be all my fault!”
“No,” I said, caressing her hair. “Bailey, no. They’ll stay friends.”
“Great,” she said, sitting up. She rolled her eyes and huffed. “So my leaving won’t bother them a bit? That’s great! I’ll leave, and they’ll just stick together, pretending like my being in California doesn’t faze them for a moment.”
“That’s not what I meant,” I interjected. “I just meant that they’ll be okay. I’m sure they’re going to miss you a lot, but they’ll stick together—they’ll miss you together.”
She shook her head, and then I watched as she looked to the window. Slowly but surely, each of her tears dried. I imagined, looking at my sister just then, that that was exactly how I’d looked on Thursday night when I stood out on the street, yelling at Gabe—covered in make-up. Looking like death.
“You have it made,” she said, sniffling. “You were right all along. Being alone, not making friends… that was the way to do it. I should’ve never come here and tried to rule the world. I should’ve known better than to get close to any of these people. Now I have to say goodbye. Now I have to walk up to each of them, tell them how much I’m going to miss them, and say those same, stupid words we had to say when we left LA.”
“But Bailey, you love your friends. You needed them. They’re the reason you got by here in Sugar Creek, so it wouldn’t have been easier for you to just shut everyone out.”
“Why not?” she asked. “You did it, and look at you. You’re handling this move about a million times better than I am. You didn’t get close to anyone. You kept to yourself. You didn’t have friends, a boyfriend, and you have no one you have to say goodbye to. Sometimes I think it would just be easier to be like you and not have a heart.”
“Whoa,” I said, leaning back to take a better look at her. “Is that what you think of me, Bailey? That I don’t have a heart?”
“How could you?” she asked. “How could you, Amanda? You seem so happy and so content having no one in your life. That’s why you pushed me away. That’s why you refused to make friends. That’s why you couldn’t see what was right in front of you with Gabe.”
“Okay one,” I said, holding up a finger. “I never pushed you away, Bailey. You were the one thing I had going for myself when we moved here, and when you started dating, when you saw that boys were noticing you, you dropped me in a heartbeat. You ditched me for a new group of pretty and popular friends. And no, I didn’t join you when you made that transition because that’s not who I am. You changed, not me. And yes, I refused to make new friends, but that’s because I knew this day would come. I didn’t trust Dad not to do this. That man has never made a promise he didn’t intend to break.”
“And what about Gabe?”
“What about him?” I asked.
“Were you really so stupid that you couldn’t see—”
“I saw it, Bailey! Okay? I saw it. I know Gabe liked me, and yes, I liked Gabe. But it doesn’t matter. It’s never mattered. He’s got his life here, and we’re leaving.”
“But what if we weren’t leaving?” she asked. “What then?”
“It doesn’t matter,” I said. “We are leaving, and eventually, so is he! I can’t waste my time wondering and praying and hoping that things could be different. This is how it is.”
“But humor me,” she said, wiping a tear from her eye. “You like him, and he likes you. What if we weren’t leaving?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “Gabe shut down, and he pushed me away there at the end. I don’t know if it was something I did or said, but he pulled back, and… I know he might’ve liked me at one point, but I think I screwed it up.”
“What if I tell you that you didn’t?” she asked, and then she sat a little straighter. She turned on her bed, tucked her feet up beneath her legs, and looked at me straight on. “When I went to the store with Gabe on Thursday, he couldn’t quit talking about you. He was asking about you, asking how you were. When I told him that he could just stop by and find out for himself, he said he couldn’t. He said it wasn’t that simple, that you guys had already gotten too close, and he didn’t want to ruin things for you. He didn’t want to hurt you.”
“He said that?” I asked, wondering why it’d been so easy for him to say that to her and not me. Had Gabe struggled with admitting his feelings as much as I’d struggled to admit mine? 
“Yes, he said that,” she said. “And more than once.”
“Well, it doesn’t matter,” I said, looking down at my hands. “It’s too late to fix anything now. You saw how I treated him.”
“Because you were hurt,” she said. “And he understood that, Mandy. He’s only giving you space because you asked him to. But you can’t leave here on Friday and let whatever it is that you guys have just blow up in smoke. I’m not asking you to make a commitment to be in a long distance relationship. We all know how those end. I’m just asking you to be honest with yourself for once. Be honest with him. And if nothing else, he deserves a proper goodbye. You do, too.”
I looked down at my hands, and then Bailey slugged me in the shoulder.
“Come on!” I yelled, rubbing the spot that had already started to turn red. “Stop doing that!”
“If you’d just look at me when I’m talking to you, then I wouldn’t have to do it at all,” she said, pointing a finger in my face. “You’re not happy being alone, no matter how much you want to pretend you are. You need him. You need to admit that to him and yourself. Screw the rules, Mandy. Tell him how you feel.”
I knew she was right. I needed to talk to him. But if I did, what in the world would I say? I never wanted to think of myself as the kind of girl who needed anyone, especially a man. But if I didn’t need Gabe, then why had it been so hard to forget him? Why had it been so difficult to push him away? 
“What are you going to do?” she asked. “Are you going to talk to him?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “I don’t know his schedule. I won’t know where to find him.”
“He’s at the park today,” she said. “Dad said he was headed out for his last big hurrah, and he mentioned the ribbon cutting was this afternoon for the park’s reopening. Gabe’s crew worked on the project. I’d almost guarantee he’s there.”
“At the park?”
“The ceremony starts at noon. You can still make it if you go now.”
I looked at the clock. “It’s 11:50. I’ll never make it.”
“You won’t know if you don’t try,” she said, shrugging. “Mandy, seriously. You have to tell him goodbye.”

 
I drove to the Sugar Creek Park gates as fast as I could, and I rolled into the only vacant parking spot at the edge of the packed lot. From the back of the park, I could hear a deep voice over the microphone, and it sounded like Dad’s from a distance. That meant they had already cut the ribbon, or they were just gearing up for the big cut. Either way, it meant that Gabe was nearby, and I had to catch up with him.
I ran down the paved path toward the park’s amphitheater, feeling a stitch in my side as I jogged closer to the stage. 
When I reached the back of the large crowd, I tried to fight my way through them, pushing and shoving wherever it was necessary to get through. There were several couples who mumbled a few, choice words at my rude hustle through the group, and even one senior citizen who threatened to beat me down with his cane. But I finally made it to the front of the line, and I just stopped and held my breath as I watched the group on stage.
Gabe stood there, staring out at the crowd, but there was a glazed-over look in his eyes that caught me off guard. Although he was physically present, I wasn’t entirely sure he was there at all. His mind was on something else, and he seemed to have mentally checked out. Lashell stood next to him, her arm wrapped around his waist as she held on to him. Her eyes were fixed on Gabe for the better part of a minute, and when she finally broke that stare and looked back to Dad, I could tell she was only pretending to listen to all the things he said up at the podium. She kept darting looks at Gabe, glances of concern—the kind of love and concern that only a parent can offer a wounded child. She was consoling him. But why? Because of me?
My father droned on and on for what felt like hours, talking about the Raddick Initiative and all the wonderful work they’d done to help break down, rebuild, and restore the beautiful town park. It was only when my Dad shut up long enough to introduce Gabe that I perked up. Gabe’s head jerked at the sound of his name.
He stepped up to the podium as the crowd clapped for him, and he nodded in thanks and appreciation. 
The microphone squealed as he cleared his throat and leaned closer. 
“I know I should be used to doing this by now,” he said, forcing a smile. “But I’ve never been great at these things, so I’ll try to hurry this up and turn it back over to Mayor Parker.” The crowd half-laughed at his nervousness, and he finally stood a little taller. “Everyone at the Raddick Initiative, including myself and my right hand woman,” he winked at Lashell, “we’ve been honored and humbled to be a part of Sugar Creek’s park reconstruction. The summer months were long and brutal, but we wouldn’t have traded it for any, other opportunity. My good friend Lashell was born and raised here in Sugar Creek, so this project has held a very special place in her heart. Not a day has gone by that she hasn’t stressed to me how much it means for her to know that she’s going to be able to watch thousands of kids walk through those gates and make memories of their own— in a newer, safer, and cleaner environment. Nothing in this world means more to me than—”
He stopped scanning the crowd, and his eyes landed on me. 
“Mandy?” he said, and the crowd started humming. 
“Who’s Mandy?” I heard one man ask, and then they all seemed to notice that he was staring directly at me. Most everyone turned to watch me, and I did my best not faint on the spot. I hated that I’d suddenly become the focus of attention. 
“Hi, Gabe,” I said, and then everyone around us fell silent. 
He finally peeled his eyes away long enough to look at the others on stage, and he noticed at the same time that I did that my father’s face had turned a dark shade of crimson. I was certain that his flushed cheeks had less to do with the fact that his little girl had just tracked down a gorgeous man, and more to do with the fact that his little girl was quickly ruining his last, big performance as mayor. 
“Gabe,” I spoke up, and everyone turned to watch me, including the man at the podium. “I know this is terrible timing, and if I had all the time in the world, I’d do this anywhere else. But I don’t have that time, and I have to tell you this now…before it’s too late. I don’t hate you, Gabe, and I wasn’t fine before I met you. I had convinced myself that I could get through life without letting anyone in, and that I didn’t need all the complications that came with love. But I was wrong, okay? I was very, very wrong. I wasn’t trying to lie to you, and I’m sorry that I did. Truth is, I’ve been lying to myself for so long that all the lines have just become so blurred. I want to let you in. I want to talk to you. I want tell you how I feel, and I want all of those things from you.” 
For a moment, I thought I saw him smirk, so I kept up the momentum, failing to get any thought in order before I opened my mouth again. 
“There hasn’t been a moment since I met you that you haven’t been on my mind. Since the moment I ran you down on the highway,” I said, half-laughing through tears, “you’ve been burned into my brain. Gabe, I like you. And I know I’m leaving for California in four days, and I know there’s no way anything can ever come of this, but if I have to leave on Friday and say goodbye, I don’t care how much it’s going to hurt. Telling you how I feel right now, and having a chance to say goodbye, it’ll be worth all of the pain. I’ll take pain over regret any day. And I know that if I walk away from you and never say the things I need to say, I’ll have nothing but regret. That’s not how I want this to end.”
Standing still at the podium, Gabe watched me with wide eyes. He stood expressionless and completely still, and the buzz all around us died down to complete silence. For a moment the whole crowd turned to him, watching and waiting for a response, but the longer we waited, it became apparent that Gabe wasn’t going to give us what we were waiting for. He wasn’t going to respond. He finally managed a vague expression, something that slightly resembled a wince, and then he looked down at the podium and read over his notes. 
“Okay,” he said, clearing his throat into the microphone. 
Again, he read the small index cards clutched in his hand. He darted a look at the crowd and then let go of a long, nervous breath.
“Nothing in this world means more to me,” he said, and his words were drawn and carefully chosen. “Nothing means more to me than seeing a smile… on the face of the woman standing… next to me,” he said, turning to Lashell. He cleared his throat again as he looked away from the crowd, and I noticed in that moment that he was trying to avoid looking at me. My gaze fell on Lashell as she stood at the back end of the stage, looking as hurt and confused as I felt by Gabe’s strange reaction to my speech. “So it has been the honor of a lifetime to be part of this project. Thank you to the team for all of the hard work, a special thanks to Sugar Creek for allowing us to be part of this, and… well, thank you,” Gabe finally said, ending his speech and nodding to the crowd.
He turned to Dad and nodded, and Dad bit his lip as he walked past Gabe, carrying a pair of giant scissors. 
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Gabe said, leaning into the microphone, “the Sugar Creek Park has officially reopened.” He backed away, helped as my father cut the ribbon, and then the two shook hands and posed—smiles and all—for the half-dozen photographers crowding the stage.
It wasn’t until the crowd stopped clapping and the photographers cleared out that Gabe looked back down to me, still standing hurt and plastered right where I stood as I spilled my heart to him.
“Gabe?” I asked, hoping he’d finally say something now that the crowd had thinned out. 
His gaze fell on mine, and he deliberately held my stare. I knew there was something he wanted to say, something he needed me to hear, but whatever it was, he was choosing—yet again—to keep it to himself.
“You need to go,” he said, nodding in the direction of the parking lot. “Now. You shouldn’t have come here today, Mandy.”
“Gabe?” I asked again, trying to read past the wall he’d put up. I knew he was hurt, I understood that. I’d said some really awful things to him, things he didn’t deserve. But I’d apologized, and I’d tried to make it right. Couldn’t he see how much of my heart I was giving to him? “Please, I’m trying—”
“Amanda,” he said, and my heart sank to my stomach. I didn’t know if it was the fact that he never called me anything but Mandy, or if it was the tone in which he’d said it, but it hurt. Something about that one, little word cut me so deep that I could barely find my breath. “I have nothing to say to you right now. Go home.” 
With that, Gabe turned away from me, and slowly but surely, my heart broke again. 




Eighteen
“Well, congratulations, Miss Parker,” Jones said. My head snapped up at the sound of his voice. He studied my face for a moment, trying to figure out which Parker sister I was, and when he realized that I was in fact Mandy, he nodded with a smile. “You’re famous. That little stunt of yours has gone national.”
I prayed he didn’t mean what I thought he meant. Because of the way Jones ignored the news, I knew that if he (of all people) had heard about what happened yesterday at the park, then there was nowhere for me to hide. The whole world would know. 
“I’m sorry, what?” I asked, scooting off the porch swing and standing straight.
“There was a local news team at the park yesterday taping the ribbon cutting ceremony,” he said. “I don’t know how it happened so fast, but apparently that little clip of your speech has blown up.”
“How did you—?”
“Everyone’s talking about it,” he said. “I finally caved and checked it out for myself. It was… brutal, man. Brutal.”
Jones nodded back at the porch swing as if to ask if he could join me, and I took a few steps back to reclaim my seat. He sat next to me.
“How’re you doing?” he asked, patting my leg. 
“I’m fine,” I lied. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Well,” he said, tilting his head to meet my gaze. “Not only has your speech gone viral, but—”
“Gabe’s rejection, too,” I said, finishing the sentence that he didn’t want to finish. “It’s nothing, Jones, okay? I knew all along that liking him was a mistake. I was stupid, and…I listened to everyone around me when I should’ve only been listening to myself.”
Jones nodded. 
“Dude, I’m sorry. I feel kinda responsible, and I wish there was something I could do to cheer you up,” he said, scooting back to get more comfortable. “Honestly, I feel terrible. I kinda told Bailey that she needed to push you, to make you go after the guy.”
“Why would you do that?”
“Because you’re special, Mandy,” he said, patting my leg again. “And you deserve someone in your life who’s going to notice and appreciate that about you. I thought Gabe did. I thought… I don’t know, that he was right for you somehow.” He took a deep breath and looked down. “I pitched an idea to Bailey a couple of days ago, and now I’m feeling like a huge jerk.”
“What do you mean?”
“I knew you wouldn’t listen to me,” he said. “You definitely wouldn’t listen to anyone else. You’d only listen to Bailey. So I told her that if she didn’t push you, if she didn’t force you to realize how much Gabe meant to you, that you were going to be a lonely stiff your whole life,” he said. “And you’re my friend. I don’t want that for you. Bailey said she’d take care of it, that she knew how she could get you two together so that you’d have one final opportunity to say a real goodbye. When things went wrong, I felt terrible, man. Terrible. It wasn’t supposed to go like that.” 
I watched Jones from the corner of my eye, and his lips settled into an apologetic frown. I could see that he truly felt responsible for my pain, but there was nothing he could’ve done to cause it or prevent it. I’d fallen for Gabe, and that was no one’s fault but my own. If I was hurt—and I was, I truly was—then it wasn’t his fault or anyone else’s.
Things hadn’t gone as planned, but I could never blame Jones for that. Sad as he was, terrible as he felt, I was the one to blame. I couldn’t even put it on my sister’s shoulders, and she’d been the one who practically pushed me out the door. I should’ve seen it then, and it only became clear in retrospect, but Bailey’s dramatic breakdown had seemed too forced, too out of touch with her normal behavior. To lash out, to break down, to show her insecurities, that wasn’t my sister. It hadn’t occurred to me then, but it didn’t take long for it to click. She’d only put on that little production to get me to the park. She’d even busted her mirror—her prized possession!—just for effect, and that could only mean one thing: Bailey still cared, even if it didn’t always seem like it.
 “For what it’s worth,” I said, turning to face Jones, “thank you. You didn’t have to—”
“I know,” he said, nodding. “But you’re like a little sister to me, Mandy. I just want to see you happy.” He took my hand and squeezed it. 
Just then my father stuck his head out the front door, looked between me and Jones, and shook his head. 
“You need to go home,” Dad said, nodding at my sister’s boyfriend. “Amanda, get inside. You and I need to have a talk.”
And then he disappeared into the house, slamming the door behind him. I jumped at the sound of the slam, and then Jones stood up and offered me a hand.
“I’ll have Bailey call you.”
I hadn’t spoken to my father once since leaving the park ceremony the day before. After I fled the park and returned home, I locked myself in my bedroom and refused to come out all night. I kept my headphones on, the volume turned up, and I focused on nothing but packing away my memories. 
I skipped school again, leaving the day wide open for packing, arranging, organizing, and drowning in my own self-pity. Dad and Bailey both stayed home to pack, too. But much to my surprise, neither of them had bothered saying a word to me all day—good or bad—and  I hadn’t been sure how to interpret it. 
I pushed the door open and met my father with pause. He stood just inside the living room, his arms folded at his chest, and he tapped his foot as he waited for me to close the door.
He watched as Bailey turned out of her room and dragged her feet down the hallway, and then he dropped his head back and looked up at the ceiling. 
“Now, Bailey,” he said, and she picked up the pace. Dad tilted his head down and watched my sister and me as we joined sides. He turned to me first. “What you did yesterday, Amanda, was rude, irresponsible, and incredibly ill-timed. You ruined one of the most significant ceremonies in this town in the last decade, and that kind of behavior should not be rewarded.”
“Did he say should not?” 
“I think so,” I answered quickly.
“Did you say should not?” Bailey asked, this time looking at Dad. 
The way he’d said it, the way he phrased that last sentence, my sister and I both knew he was about to say—
“However,” he continued, closing his eyes as if he couldn’t believe what he was about to say, “I can’t stand here right now and say that it didn’t move me to witness what I watched out there yesterday.”
He looked over at me and shook his head. 
“I don’t know who you are, or what you’ve done with my Amanda,” he said. “But what I saw out there at the park… that wasn’t you.”
“That was me.”
“I stood there, and I watched my daughter come back to life,” he said “I’ve been waiting to see that face again since the moment we left LA. And for a while I tried to convince myself that the only reason you had the courage to stand down there and say those things was because you knew you were going back home; I wanted to believe you were happy that you’d finally learned to say goodbye. But we both know that’s not true. You weren’t smiling because of any of that. It was him. He brought you back to life, Mandy.”
“Dad,” Bailey said, and her voice cracked, “are you saying what I think you’re saying?”
“I can’t pull you guys away from the things that make you the happiest,” he said. “So Mandy, if staying here in Sugar Creek will make you happy, if being here really means that much to you, then we’ll stay.”
I closed my eyes and felt my heart swell. I knew better than to believe him or to even let myself get carried away. Dad made a habit of making promises only to turn around and pull the rug right out from under us. There had to be an angle. He had to have something up his sleeve. He’d fought too hard to go back to California, and I had a hard time believing that my sudden change in attitude and demeanor had been the one thing that had changed his mind. A sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach told me to tread softly. Dad wasn’t being completely honest. There was something else he wasn’t saying.
“What’s the catch?” I asked.
“What do you mean?”
“If you give up your dream so we can stay here,” I said, “what do we have to do for you? What do you want from us?”
“Nothing,” he said. “Just keep being yourselves. Keep being happy, Mandy.”
“Um, hullo?” Bailey said, waving a hand to break our gaze. “What about me? I’m here too, don’t you know? Don’t you want me to be happy?”
“Of course I do,” Dad said, trying to force a smile. “I know how much finishing school here means to you, and I’m not going to take that away from you girls. Not when you’re this close to being done.”
“Why are you changing your mind now?” I asked, still skeptical. There had to be more to it. “Two nights ago you wouldn’t have it any way but yours.”
“I want you to be happy.”
“I’m not falling for it,” I said. “I don’t believe you.”
“What about the job, Dad?” Bailey asked, interrupting me. “What about Deacon Fell?”
“What about him?”
“He’s your dream,” I said. “Remember?”
“Let’s just focus on being here for now,” he said, trying to brush past it. “How’s that sound?”
When I didn’t say anything, I sensed that Dad had picked up on my skepticism. 
“Mandy,” he said, lowering his stare, “there’s no catch to this. I’m not lying to you, and I’m not going to change my mind. You’ve made it clear that your life is here. I can’t make you go back and face those demons, especially if you’re not ready.” I took a deep breath and felt a tear stream down my cheek. “If being here means something to you, then it means something to me. Sugar Creek is your home. And for now, and for the foreseeable future, it’s home for all of us. So go unpack your things. We’re not going anywhere.”

 
 “Well, well, well,” Georgia said, looking up from the table as I slid into the empty seat next to her. “If it isn’t Sugar Creek’s very own celebrity.”
“Hush,” I said, looking down at the water bottle clutched in my hands. 
It was Wednesday afternoon and my first day back to school since my breakdown at the park on Monday. Since Dad had changed his mind about going to California, I had no reason to sit at home and sulk for another second. I’d somehow gotten my way, and even though I was still questioning Dad’s motives, I’d just decided to accept it for the time being. Maybe he’d really changed his mind. If there was anything I learned about my time spent with Gabriel Raddick, it was the human capability to change. I’d done it. I’d become an entirely different person because of him. Maybe something I’d done or said had really sparked change in my father, and if it had, I wasn’t going to complain.
The rest of Georgia’s friends leaned forward and started hounding me with questions, wanting to know if there was more to the park story than what they’d seen online or on TV. 
 “Did he ever respond?” one of the girls across from me asked. “Did he ever say anything else?”
“Did he jump off the stage and kiss you?” another asked. “Please tell me he kissed you! I hate that the cameras didn’t catch the whole story!”
“Oh, I think you guys pretty much saw it all,” I said, peeling at the paper on the water bottle. 
 “Leave her alone, guys,” Georgia said, tilting her head with a sympathetic gaze. She nudged me with her shoulder, eliciting my stare. “How are you?” 
“I’m okay,” I said, swallowing hard. “But I don’t really want to talk about it right now. I have news.”
“Front page worthy?” she asked, dipping into her bag for a notebook and pencil.
“No, no, no,” I said, reaching over to stop her. “Not that kind of news. Not for the paper.”
“Okay?”
“I’m not moving to California,” I said, feeling my smile stretch ear to ear. “My dad said he couldn’t pull us away this close to the end. He’s letting us stay.”
“Oh my goodness, that’s fantastic, Mandy!” Georgia squealed, and then she dropped the notebook and leaned over to give me a one-armed hug. The rest of her friends, all of the girls I’d yet to learn the names of, chorused a flood of congratulations and good for you cheers. “What changed his mind?”
I wanted to spend the remainder of our lunch period explaining what happened leading up to my speech at the park. I wanted to tell Georgia about how scared I’d been standing there, spilling my guts to Gabe. I wanted to tell her how much it had broken my heart to watch him turn away from me. And then try to explain Dad, and how he said that he’d been waiting to see that side of me again for so long, how he said that he couldn’t take something like this away from me. 
I wanted to tell her, and I knew that I would. As soon as the time was right.
Managing to keep the conversation off of myself for the remainder of lunch, we cleared our table and dumped our trays twenty minutes later. As a group, we left the cafeteria and headed for our next classes. One at a time, each of Georgia’s friends turned into their next class or at their locker, and eventually it was just the two of us walking toward English class.
“I’m sorry if they made you uncomfortable,” she said, looking back to make sure none of her friends were within earshot. “They can be a little nosey.”
“Don’t worry about it,” I said. “They’re not so bad.”
“So…” she said, pursing her lips together as if she had a nosey question of her own to ask. “What are you going to do?”
“Meaning?”
“Are you going to keep going with the RI program after what happened with Gabe?” she asked. “After the way he blew you off?”
“Of course I am,” I said. “I made a commitment.”
“But that was before—”
“Listen,” I said, taking her arm. She stopped walking, and we turned to one another. “My involvement in this program was never about him, okay? It was always about something else, something bigger. Yes, Gabe hurt me back there at the park, and sure, I’m still trying to get over it. But I’m not going to stop now just because of what happened with him. I don’t know why he did what he did, or why he said what he said, but I’m not going to cower away just because of a man. I’ve never been that girl, and I’m not going to start being that girl now. He made his decision, but he’s not making my decision for me.”
Her eyes trailed up as she looked over my shoulder, as though she caught someone else’s stare. I wasn’t even sure she heard half of what I said just then. She was distracted by someone behind me. She looked back to me with a small smile and nodded. 
“I’ll let you two talk,” she said, squeezing my arm before she quickly ducked into the next classroom. 
I turned to find Gabe coming down the hall, deep in conversation with Mr. Davies. They stopped in front of Mr. Davies’s door and talked, keeping their voices low, and I watched both men as they nodded, in agreement about something. When my teacher disappeared into his room, leaving Gabe alone in the hallway, I thought to follow Georgia into class. But then Gabe’s eyes snapped up and met mine, and there wasn’t enough willpower in the world to make me walk away.
We stood half of the hallway away from one another, both of us surrounded by dozens of students scurrying to make their next class before the bell, but neither of us seemed too fazed that we were standing in the way of traffic. I looked over my shoulder again, knowing that if I didn’t get to class soon, I’d be tardy. But if I walked away from Gabe, never saying my peace, then I’d never have the chance to get the last word.
I took a few steps forward, fighting the flow of traffic, and stopped only a few feet short of Gabe. He winced as I opened my mouth, and I simply held my hands up.
“I’m not going to yell at you,” I said, and his shoulders relaxed at my gentle tone. “I’m not coming over here to scream at you or push you away. I think I’ve already done that enough for one lifetime. I just wanted to say that I’m not sorry.”
“You’re not sorry?”
“No, I’m not,” I said. “I said what I meant, and I meant what I said. I’m not sorry that I upset you, and I’m most certainly not going to apologize for making you uncomfortable. If I embarrassed you, then that’s your problem, I suppose. Yes, I think I misunderstood a lot of signs and read into a lot of mixed signals. I thought that you liked me, and for being stupid enough to think you’d ever admit it, then fine. For that I will apologize. I was stupid. But I will not stand here and say that I’m sorry for feeling the way I feel. That’s all.”
I turned on my heel to walk away, and Gabe’s hand landed on my arm. I turned back to him, and he dropped his grasp immediately.
“Mandy,” he said, lowering his voice to a near whisper, and his eyes swept across all of the students who turned to watch our conversation unfold. “It’s more complicated than you could understand.”
“Funny, I’ve been hearing that a lot from the men in my life lately,” I said under my breath. “I understand complications just fine, but please don’t think that I need your explanation. I don’t. I get it, Gabe.”
“Do you?” he asked, dipping down to steal my gaze before I turned away again. “Because I don’t think you do.”
“I have to get to class—”
“I was talking to your dad before the ceremony on Monday. He told me that he turned down the job in California. I know you’re not moving.”
His words stopped me dead in my tracks, and I turned back to him and lowered my brow.
“What do you mean he told you on Monday?” I asked, distinctly remembering that Dad said he changed his mind because of my speech. “He told you that before I showed up?”
“Before you showed up,” he said. 
That couldn’t have been right. Dad said he hadn’t made up his mind to stay until after he’d seen the smile on my face, after he’d seen how much it meant to me to stay in Sugar Creek. If he told Gabe that he turned the job down before I’d ever showed up, then that meant that my father lied to me. And I’d known it. I sensed his lie as he was telling it, but I just didn’t know what he was covering up. 
 “I think that it’s incredible that you’re staying, Mandy,” he said, widening his stare. “And I’m glad you’re going to be here, but that doesn’t mean that you can act on any of your feelings.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re staying.”
“Right.”
“And do you have any intention of quitting the program?”
“No,” I said, shaking my head. “Of course not. You know I can’t do that.”
“Exactly,” he said. “And that’s why I have to walk away. That’s why we have to act like that little stunt you pulled at the park never happened. If I even entertain the idea of being with you, your team will have to forfeit. You and the other ten members of your district’s group can’t compete in the competition. If we’re together, and I let your group continue, it wouldn’t be fair to anyone involved, especially if you ended up winning the scholarship. It would look like favoritism, and it would be terrible exposure for everyone involved.”
“You’re worried about bad exposure? That’s all this is about?”
“We’re trying to expand the group, Mandy; I told you that,” he said. “We can’t start our in-school programs with scandal straight out of the gate. It wouldn’t look good for RI, it wouldn’t look good for you or the school, and it definitely wouldn’t look good for me.”
“So you’re walking away?” I asked, remembering how close Gabe and I had gotten in the past weeks. 
We were so close; we were almost there. He held me, he comforted me, and I returned those sentiments. But then he pulled away so fast, and I should’ve known he was running scared. I’d watched my parents do the very same thing for years. When things got too hard, it was easier to run and hide from the problems than to face the complications head-on. But Gabe’s explanation had taken me by surprise just then. I never pegged him as the fleeing type. He’d just proven himself to be like every other coward I’d ever known, including myself. 
“I know you feel something for me, Gabe,” I said breathlessly. “You can’t stand here and deny that.”
“Regardless,” he said, raising his shoulders again, “your speech ruined everything, Mandy. It raised a lot of suspicion, and now everyone’s watching and waiting for something to happen. If it looks like I’m playing favorites to Sugar Creek, and it will look that way if we’re seen together again, then that’s that. It’ll jeopardize everything.”
“So that’s it?” I asked. “I like you, and you like me, but we can’t be together?”
“That’s how it has to be; I’m sorry.”
“But that’s not fair.”
“Sometimes,” he said, closing his eyes, “sometimes it is about doing what’s right and not what’s fair.”
“Are you kidding me right now?” I yelled. “Now you’re going to listen to me?”
“I’m sorry, Mandy.”
“Wow,” I said, shaking my head. “Okay, sure. If that’s what you want, and that’s how you feel, fine.” I turned to walk away, but this time I made it all the way to my classroom before turning back. “But you need to know something first.”
“Okay?”
“You told me to keep fighting for what I want. You said that. So I stood up, and I fought, and you clobbered me. I should hate you for making me feel the way I feel, but I don’t, okay? I’m here, Gabe. I’m standing right in front of you, and I’m not going anywhere. So when you’re ready to finally stand up and fight for what you want…just know that I won’t clobber you.” 
He closed his eyes again, and a slow breath passed between his half-parted lips. Long seconds passed without a response, so I simply nodded. 
“I guess I’ll see you around.”
I turned into the classroom, leaving Gabe silent and stunned behind me. 
It was crazy to believe that all along I’d thought that things were finally looking up, but between my father, my sister, and now Gabe, it suddenly seemed that I had a lot of work ahead of me if I ever wanted to get my life in order.
It was time for some serious change, and I knew just where I needed to start. 
See, I’d already broken my number one rule. I’d fallen in love with Gabe, and if he was going to run away from me, I had to make sure he knew where I stood. I couldn’t keep resisting the urge that I’d been fighting since the day we met. I had to give into those feelings. Gabe had done so much for me, and he opened my eyes to all the wonderful things I’d been missing. I owed him the very same.
He could stand there and pretend that this was about protecting the life and foundation that he’d built. He could lie to me and say that it was all about doing what was right and what was fair. But I knew Gabe better than that. And while I knew that there were still so many things I needed to learn about him, I knew that the best thing for both of us would be time and patience. 
He was running from something, but he couldn’t run forever, and I planned to be right there waiting when he stopped.
 He’d see it in due time; I had faith. He’d see that there was something between us he couldn’t run away from. 
So I’d wait as long as I had to because Gabe was one worth waiting for.

###






Breaking Walls (Breaking #2)

Now Available
 
Be the first to get sneak peeks, release information, and much more!
Click here to sign up for my free newsletter!

Find me on Facebook and Twitter!




Series by Tracie Puckett

Webster Grove
The New Girl
Under the Mistletoe
Secrets to Keep
Coming Out
All Good Things

Just a Little
Just a Little 1-4
Just a Little 5-8
Just a Little Sequel



