
The Day the World Ended

Anna O’Hare

Copyright 2010 by Anna O’Hare
Smashwords Edition


Chapter One:

“Fresh riots have broken out in London, Manchester, Birmingham and Yeovil in response to the announcement that the world will end on Thursday 26th January at 6 pm Greenwich Meantime. The Deputy Prime Minister called the riots ‘a display of total un- Britishness at this time when national unity is paramount’. The Prime Minister was unavailable for comment. In other news, the President of the United States, along with several other world leaders, has been evacuated to a security bunker at an undisclosed location. A spokesman for the White House announced that the measure was not in response to the end of the world but rather because of the mass anarchy that has gripped America since the announcement and which led to the break ins at the White House, Pentagon and Empire State Building. The White House spokesman emphasised that business will continue as normal up until January 26th at 6pm Greenwich Meantime. That’s the news at six thirty and tonight our schedule will deviate from our usual broadcast due to current events. Instead of Friday Night is Music Night, we will be playing Desert Island Discs from the week beginning 17th August 1951. Good evening.”
Christian turned the radio off. The house was dark. The electricity had been coming and going for the past few days. Not because the world was going to end next week but because everyone had started rioting across the country instead of going to work. Several factories a few towns away had been burnt down and the national grid was currently home to a couple hundred or so revellers, who had turned up a few hours after the announcement had been made and taken over.
Christian sat in the chair in the darkness for a few minutes, thinking carefully. His foster parents were at their parents with his foster sister. She hadn’t gone to school today or the day before. Christian was still going to his school because where else would he go? The end of the world was coming, it was true. For him, it couldn’t have come at a better time. He was looking forward to that last, heart gasping, breath stopping, knee shaking glimpse of their sun. He felt he deserved it.

Ross, Hayden, Charlie and Charlotte sat astride their bikes, staring at the old house.
“It’s abandoned,” Charlotte said. 
“We can’t know for sure,” Charlie said. She turned the handles of her bike. “I don’t want to risk it.”
“I do,” Charlotte said but Hayden made a noise in his throat.
“I don’t think we should, Charlotte,” he said. “Maybe they’ve just gone out to visit relatives or something.”
“They might not be back until the end of the world has happened,” Charlotte said. “We’re wasting a perfectly good opportunity here. Ross?”
As one, they all turned to the leader of their gang. He was leaning on his handle bars, his skinny wrists crushing the brake cables. He was the smallest and skinniest in the whole gang and definitely the most quiet but he was older than Charlotte by four months and the oldest was always leader of the gang.
“How long have you been watching it, Charlotte?” he asked.
“Yesterday I noticed that no one had been in or out of it for weeks,” she said. “Maybe even before the announcement.”
“So it being empty has nothing to do with the end of the world?” Charlie said.
“No!” Charlotte said. “That’s what I’m saying. What we have here is a classic, first class, bona fide, abandoned house. In our village. If the end of the world does come on Thursday-”
“What do you mean ‘if’?” Hayden said. “It is coming, Charlotte. It’s on all the T.V. channels and in all the papers.”
“I’m just saying, no one really knows until it happens,” Charlotte said dismissively. “Loads of people have predicted the end of the world for centuries and they’ve all been wrong.”
“This isn’t a prediction,” Ross said.
Charlotte was silent for a moment, then she ploughed on.
“It doesn’t matter,” she said. “If,” she looked sharply at Hayden, “the end of the world does come on Thursday, we’ll have spent the last few days of our life doing something we always wanted to do: exploring an abandoned house.”
“I haven’t always wanted to do that,” Charlie said. “Plus what if the end of the world doesn’t come Thursday and there’s people still living there?” Hayden was nodding madly. “We’ll be caught and be in trouble.”
“I’m going round the back to have a look,” Charlotte said and got off her bike. She let it fall to the floor with a clatter and then leapt the front gate. Charlie gave a little scream. Charlotte looked over her shoulder. “Coming, Ross? What’s the worst that can happen? We’ll say we kicked a ball over.”
“I’m coming,” Ross said and got off his bike. He laid it down gently on its side and climbed carefully over the fence. “Are you two coming?”
“No!” Charlie said. “This is breaking and entering!”
“We haven’t broken anything yet!” Charlotte called from further down the drive.
Ross hushed her. Hayden gave a whimper and tried to jump off his bike and over the gate in one move. He tripped and nearly knocked all his teeth out on the iron fence.
“Keep a look out, Charlie,” he said, disentangling himself from his bike and pulling himself over the gate.
“I will not,” Charlie hissed. “I’m going home.”
But she stayed where she was. Hayden ran down the drive to Ross and crept along close behind him.
“Leader first,” he said as Charlotte approached the side of the house. “Leader first, leader first. Ross, you lead the way.”
Charlotte stepped aside. The house was a large cream cottage, covered in old thatch. The front paint was peeling and cracked but they could see that the curtains, hanging in the front windows, were clean and smartly pulled back. Flowers grew in window pots through the glass.
“Those flowers look nicely watered,” Ross said, gazing through the front window.
“They might be fake,” Charlotte said. “Go round the back.”
The cottage was hemmed in either side by a tall, ivy covered fence. There were a couple of inches between fence and house and Rose squeezed through here and moved down the side passage for the back garden. Charlotte followed easily but Hayden got stuck.
“Shuffle your feet,” Charlotte instructed. “Like that. Come forward.”
“I can’t!” Hayden moaned.
Charlotte hushed him and grabbed his arms.
“It’s his head that’s too big,” Ross said. “He needs a smaller head.”
Charlotte let go of his arms and looked up at the thatch.
“Climb over there,” she said.
“What?”
“Climb-”
Ross sushed them both. He held up his hands.
“You hear that?”
“What?”
They stood in silence. From inside the house, they heard a low moan, followed by a rattle, which seemed very loud through the walls, and then faded away to nothing.
“I’m going back to Charlie,” Hayden said and tried to pull himself out but he was stuck both ways now. 
“What do we do?” Charlotte asked Ross.
“As long as he’s stuck, we’re stuck,” Ross said. “Let’s take a look at the back garden.”
“What do you think that noise was?”
“Maybe the wind,” Ross said, walking down the side passage, which grew wider and wider the further along they went. “And sometimes, old houses creak like that.”
The garden was big and green and filled with blazing sunlight. A pristine white swan was settled in the middle of the garden. When it saw them it squalked and took flight, soaring above their heads and over the fence. They watched it go.
 It was unusually hot for January, almost seventeen degrees, summer weather; Ross had his sweater tied round his waist it was so hot. They could hear Hayden scrabbling and groaning from the fence but ignored it and set about examining the back of the house. There was a small porch, a set of French windows and some regular windows. These had their blinds pulled down but through the French windows, they could see into the living room. Ross and Charlotte both cupped their hands around their faces and leant on the glass to see inside. It was very neat. There was an old sofa, a very old and small TV, a few videos and some crystal glasses in a cabinet on the back wall.
“What do you reckon?” Charlotte asked.
“Old people,” Ross said. “Look at the sofa. My nan has colours like that in her house.”
“Maybe the old people all died,” Charlotte said. “Whilst they were in there. Maybe just a few days ago, after the announcement. Maybe they’re ghosts,” she said excitedly, turning to Ross. “That’s what made that sound.”
“Maybe,” Ross said. “Keep watching, we might see it come to the window and tell us to stay away.”
Charlotte cupped her hands around her face again but they saw no ghost. Dejected, they went and sat on the lawn. Charlotte pulled up a blade of grass and put it in her mouth to chew because she’d seen them do this in films. Ross sat beside her, wrists on knees. He had a very big digital watch on his right wrist which all the children thought very, very cool. On his skinny arm it looked more like half of a set of futuristic handcuffs or an electronic tag so the police knew where he was at all times. It could tell the time in six different countries, was workable in up to 6 feet of water, had a calculator, a light and, the most impressive of all, could change the channels on any T.V. in the world. The children at school had always encouraged him to turn the T.V. off when the teacher wheeled it into the classroom to play an educational video but Ross never did. He said he would never be corrupted by power.
“Do you miss school?” Charlotte asked and Ross looked at her. They both started laughing. They’d stopped going to school when the announcement came out. Everyone in their class had, in the entire building, even the teachers. Charlotte’s mother said they were going to fill every moment with family time until Thursday came but that got awfully dull awfully quickly. She had amused herself at the weekend by watching the news on the television. In the cities across the world, people were going crazy. There were cars exploded in the street, buildings on fire, looting, water cannons, people getting stabbed for no reason, people with pickets and signs, proclaiming ‘Judgement Day Cometh’ and ‘Revelation 6:66!’ and ‘Apocalypse Now! Cleanse thy souls.’ 
In their little village, on the border between Cambridgeshire and Suffolk, things were pretty much as they always had been, except they weren’t going to school or getting the post anymore. That morning, Charlotte’s mum agreed that family time wasn’t quite working out for any of them (Charlotte’s older brother had been in his room all weekend and refused to come down: another thing that was perfectly normal) and had let Charlotte go out to play. She had knocked for Hayden and he’d been allowed at once. He had lots of brothers and sisters and Charlotte knew his mum found it easier to cope if they were all occupied. Charlie hadn’t wanted to come out when they’d first knocked, so they’d called for Ross. His mum answered the door. She opened it just a crack, so only her eye was peeping out and said no, Ross wasn’t coming out, he was spending time with his family. They’d gone back to Charlie and this time, she did come out.
Charlotte didn’t think they’d ever see Ross again. His mum was very strict. She’d once gone round there for tea and Ross’s mum had made her wash her hands before going upstairs. Ross wasn’t ever allowed to get his shoes, his bike or even his wellingtons dirty, something that Charlotte thought was stupid; wellingtons were made so you could get dirty. Just after lunch though, Ross had appeared and said his mum had said he could go out, as long as he was back at five on the dot. 
Charlotte sat up sharply. From the side of the house, there came a scuffle and a cry of pain. She ignored it. 
“Ross, look!” she said.
“What?”
Hayden came round the house on his hands and knees, his face scratched and his hair on end.
“I fell over, guys,” he said. “Is my face bleeding?” Charlotte and Ross ignored him. They were both looking up at the house. Hayden collapsed next to them and rolled over. “What you looking at?”
Charlotte got to her feet. She was pointing at the first storey of the cottage. Just above the porch, there was a window and this window was wide open.
“Let’s go in,” she said. “There’s clearly no one home.”
“No,” Hayden said, firmly. “Tell her, Ross.”
“I don’t think anyone is home,” Ross said. “We’ve been out here ages and no one’s said anything.”
“Let’s go in then,” Charlotte said and began to march towards to porch.
Hayden looked at Ross, appealing to him to call her off.
“Let her go in and have a look about,” Ross said. “If it’s empty. We’ll all go in.”
“Good idea,” Charlotte said. She held out her finger and Ross touched it with his own, their own secret handshake. Hayden rolled his eyes, then held out his finger to touch both of theirs.
“Give me a boost up, someone,” Charlotte said.

Sebastian sat at the window, his elbows on the sill, watching the car park. Heavy grey clouds were gathering overhead and the cars that pulled in were covered in drops of rain, with their windscreen wipers going and their headlights on. They were always late and they lived the closest.
“Sebastian, come and choose what you’re having for dinner,” his mother called from the foyer.
“I’m waiting for Grace and Oliver,” Sebastian called back.
“They’ll be here later. Come and choose your dinner now.”
Sebastian waited as one last car pulled into the car park. When he saw that it wasn’t the blue Sedan he was looking for, he sighed and turned away, letting the netting fall back. He skipped across the foyer to the restaurant. The hotel was very busy that evening. The car park was jam packed and he guessed that when Grace and Oliver arrived, they might be walking in because their dad would be forced to park the car up the road. A queue of people were standing at the reception desk, holding suitcases and bags and pushing trolleys full of things.
“We need a room tonight,” the man at the head of the queue was saying. “We need it.”
“I’m sorry, sir,” the concierge man replied, checking his computer screen again. “We really have nothing in.”
“Nothing,” the man said as Sebastian passed. He turned to his wife. “They’re full.”
“Let me talk to him,” the woman said and pushed through the bags to get to the desk.
Sebastian turned to see what she was going to say but then his mother called him again from the restaurant doorway.
“Sebastian, how many times have I told you? Come here now or all the food will be gone.”
She took hold of his arm and directed him to their table. It was the biggest one the restaurant could offer and lined with Sebastian’s uncles, aunts, grandparents, family friends and a few old cousins. He sat down, said hello to everyone and picked up the menu.
“I just don’t know what to have,” he said, reading it. “What is everyone else having?”
“Everyone else has ordered,” his mother said sharply. “And this nice young lady is waiting to take your order too so be quick.”
Sebastian looked up at the waitress.
“Oh right, oh, sorry,” he said. “I’ll just have the gourmet burger then. No, actually steak, please.”
“How do you like your steak done, sir?”
“Rare, please.”
“No Sebastian,” his mother said. “Not rare. You won’t eat rare.”
“I’d like to try it, please.”
“He’ll have medium,” his mother said and smiled at the waitress as she handed Sebastian’s menu over. “Thank you.”
“Medium rare,” Sebastian said. The waitress glanced between him and his mother.
“I don’t think so.”
“Why not? Please, mum, the world’s is ending on Thursday. Let me at least try it.”
The table went silent at these words. A few aunts and uncles glanced at him, or hid themselves behind wine glasses. Sebastian’s mother clipped his round the ear.
“That’s enough of that talk. Now smarten up before I send you to the room.”
“It’s true!” Sebastian said.
“If there was one boy to make a fuss tonight it’d be my son,” Sebastian’s father said loudly and happily from down the table. This broke the silence and everyone began to talk and laugh and swill their drinks again.
“Medium, please,” Sebastian’s mother said and the waitress nodded and gratefully swept away. “You better smarten up your attitude, young man,” his mother hissed to Sebastian behind her wine glass when no one was watching, “or you’ll be in your room all weekend. Do you want to see Grace and Oliver?”
“Yes, please, mum.”
“Then pull your socks up and don’t be so morbid.”
Sebastian nodded. He took a sip of his drink and then started talking to his cousin who lived up in Leeds and played semi professional rugby. Every Christmas, and for his grandparents’ anniversary, the whole family gathered together in this hotel for a big party. It was a reason for all the adults to catch up and talk and dance too much and let themselves run wild for a few hours. If it hadn’t been for Grave and Oliver, Sebastian’s cousins from Kent, the whole thing would be a nightmare each time. He had no other cousins his age, except Florence but she liked to sit and talk with the adults and try and be grown up. Grace and Oliver were much more to his liking. He only saw them twice a year, on these special party occasions, so he was very pleased the world was coming to an end and the adults had decided to gather here and watch it come in together. Some of the family couldn’t come; a couple of aunts, a cousin and their bedridden grandma who was being cared for by neighbours. Grace and Oliver were coming though and this made everything alright for Sebastian; he wouldn’t have seen them until the summer if the world was going to keep existing. 
It was whilst he was cutting the second piece of his steak that an aunty pointed to the door and shouted, “Martin! Chloe! Here you are at last!” Sebastian turned and dropped his knife and fork. He got to his feet before his mother could grab his sleeve and skipped through the tables and chairs to meet Grace and Oliver by the restaurant doors. Their parents swept passed them and greeted their brothers and sisters, leaving the three of them to awkwardly hit each other.
“What are you wearing?” Sebastian asked Grace. “You look like a proper girl.”
“Shut up,” Grace said. “Mum made me. She said to look smart for tonight.”
“You should have dressed like Oliver,” Sebastian said. “You look really smart, Oliver. Nice shirt.”
“Thank you,” Oliver said and lifted his chin.
“It’s so much easier for boys to dress smart than girls,” Grace said.
“Let’s go up to the room,” Sebastian said. “We can play that game like we did at Christmas. The one with the notes.”
“No,” Grace said. “I’ve got something to tell you.”
“What?”
“Not now,” Grace said as Oliver looked up at her too. “It’s a secret.”
“Just whisper it to me,” Sebastian said. “I won’t tell anyone.”
“Sebastian!” his mother called from across the restaurant. “Come here and finish your dinner!”
“I’m going to go and play!” 
“No! Dinner first. Remember what I said.”
Sebastian hung his head and made his way back to the table. Grace and Oliver followed, smiling. They put their bags down and endured a few minutes of everyone telling them how grown up they looked and how much they’d changed, even though they’d all only seen each other a few weeks before. Sebastian quickly ate everything on his plate and stood up before the greetings had finished.
“Just hang on a moment,” his mother said as he made to dart away. “Where are you going now?”
“The room.”
“Whose room?”
Sebastian glanced at Grace.
“Our room,” she said. “Dad gave me the key.”
“Ok, stick together, don’t go near the pool and don’t make a lot of noise in the corridors and disturb other guests. Do you understand me, Sebastian?” she added as Sebastian began to edge away.
“Yes, mum.”
“And come back here at nine because we’re ringing Grandma. She shouldn’t be on her own at this time but all we can do is call her.”
“Yes, mum.”
“Yes, mum,” Grace muttered a few moments later as they stood at the lift. “Yes, mum.” She smiled.
“Be quiet,” Sebastian said and hit her arm. “You look like a girl.”
“Just wait until I get changed,” Grace said. “I’ll make you regret saying that.”
“I’ll beat you up,” Sebastian said. “Because you’re a girl.”
“You couldn’t beat an egg,” Grace said and pushed him.
“What’s the secret?” Sebastian said. “Can you tell me now?”
“Not down here,” Grace said. She looked up at the numbers above the lift: 4, 3, 2.
“What’s it about?”
“Someone who died.”
“Oh!” Oliver said loudly. “I know what you mean.”
“No you don’t.”
Grace looked between the two of them, their eyes wide, mouths open.
“What, what?” Sebastian said. “Who died?” The lift doors opened with a ping and Sebastian leapt inside. “Grace,” he said and stared at her. “Who died?”
She looked at him.
“I bet I can get to floor four before the lift can,” she said and then took off for the stairs before Sebastian could reply.
“I bet I can get to floor four before the lift and she can,” Sebastian said to Oliver. He raced off after Grace. Oliver paused, looking at the lift panel.
“I bet I can get to floor four before the lift and she and he can,” he said and took off after Sebastian.


Chapter Two
“I’ll tell you what we can do,” Marina said.
They looked at her. She was glaring fiercely down the table at them, her fists clenched on the back of her chair.
“What?” Haylock said. He was interested. Beside him, Pestell rolled his eyes.
“We can break into County High,” Marina said loudly.
“By Friday, County High will be gone,” Pestell said. “There’s no point breaking in anywhere.”
“If we do it Thursday,” Marina said, “and let them know, the last moments of their lives will be agony, knowing we got one over on them. Knowing that we all die with us on top.”
“I like that,” Haylock said. “I like the sound of that.”
“How would we let them know?” Pestell said. “Put up a massive banner from the roof with our faces painted onto it?”
“The parachute sheets are still in the cupboard from the May Fair,” Bailey said. “That’ll work. County High’s tallest block is the Science block and we could easily hang it from there.”
“You sort that out then, Bailey,” Marina said. “I’ll work out a plan of how to get in.”
The classroom door opened and Mr. Wilson walked in, his books under his arm.
“Ok, everyone, in your seats, please,” he said and put the books on the table. “Elijah, Felix, off the desks.”
“What are you doing in school today, sir?” Paul asked. “It’s the end of the world Thursday, don’t you know?”
“I might as well ask you the same thing, Mr. Adams,” Mr. Wilson said. “Though I don’t need your answer to know.” He turned and picked up his chalk. “We’ll start with maths today class. Get your exercise books out, please.”
The door opened and Christian came in, shirt untucked, tie barely done up, bag half on his shoulder. Paul made a loud noise and banged his hands on the table until Naomi hissed at him, glaring down the table.
“Take a seat please, Christian,” Mr. Wilson said. “There’s no reason for being late.”
“It’s the end of the world on Thursday!” Paul shouted, leaning back on his chair, his balance kept by one smart index finger on the table. “Repent! Repent! Everyone repent!”
“Paul, you can either go home and sit shouting all you like or you can stay here and do your fractions,” Mr. Wilson said. Paul pulled a face but fell forward on his chair and picked up his book. “Ok, page sixteen, everyone. Do the first six sums in silence and then we’ll come together and see what we have.”
The winter sun came in through the window as they all worked. The classroom was big and spacious but barely full and that had nothing to do with January 26th. The floor was ancient board and the walls were dirty, cracked and peeling. Mr. Wilson had tried to get them to colour up the place by sticking up pieces of art work a few years ago but none of the class was really into art. They were the students of Keyton Grove Manor School. Or, as the children of the nearby County High school called it, Keyton’s Grovelers and Beggars School. There were eleven students in all, ranging from eleven years old to seventeen. They all wore the same uniform; black blazers with red trimming, a emblem on the breast featuring a majestic Red Stag standing under a white swan, and a red and black tie. There was no point having different years for so few students so all the children were lumped in one room and expected to go as slow or as fast as everyone else. Eleven was quite high attendance for the school’s intake. When Paul had started six years ago, there’d only been three other students and two of them were his brothers. The numbers fluctuated from year to year; sometimes students left because their parents did better, or worse, sometimes students joined midterm because it had come to that. The faculty was almost always consistent. For the last three years, it consisted of Mr. Wilson, who taught everything, and Miss Atherton, who helped out with P.E., design and technology and field trips. The school had a kitchen and large hall on the ground floor, a few storage cupboards and the classroom on the first floor. There was an old cellar as well, filled with empty cardboard boxes, scrap metal and a scooter but they never went down there; the door was jammed stiff and Mr. Wilson had to use an iron crow bar to jimmy it open when there was more rubbish to store. The children all complained that they wanted more stuff: computers, P.E. equipment, a fridge, but there was no money anywhere to pay for it.
“Pencils down, class,” Mr. Wilson said. He pushed his glasses up his nose. “Felix, read out number two please.”
A girl sitting on the far end of the single line of tables cleared her throat. She wiped her nose. She was the second youngest in the class at the age of twelve years and eleven months but there was no difference between her capabilities and Paul’s. All eleven students trundled along at the same level, regardless of age, so Felix was able to read out her answers with little fear of being out of her depth.
“Eleven,” she said. “Twelfths.”
“Well done. Ethan, you go next. Question four for us.”
A miserable looking boy sighed and pulled his paper towards him. He mumbled something into his hand.
“Pardon, Ethan, I didn’t quite hear that.”
“I said fourteen twentieths,” Ethan said sullenly.
“That’s seven tens you idiot,” Paul said and threw a pencil at him.
Marina made a noise and everyone laughed. Ethan pushed his book away and folded his arms.
“Now, now,” Mr. Wilson said. “Don’t do that, Paul. Your answer was right, Ethan. Do you know what Paul did to get seven tens though?”
“Simplified it,” Marina said loudly.
“Yes, thank you, Marina. Do you understand that, Ethan?”
Ethan looked up at Mr. Wilson, his bottom lip protruding as he sulked. He nodded.
“Christian, you next.”
“Er,” Christian sat up and pulled his book towards him. “Which question?”
“Give us number six.”
“Sorry, sir, I didn’t get that far.”
“Question three then.”
Christian checked his work.
“Nor there either, sir.”
“Ok, how about number one.”
Christian shrugged.
“Sorry.”
“You didn’t do any?” Mr. Wilson said.
“Yeah, sorry, I was late and you know, the whole end of the world thing. I just-”
“Ok, no matter, no matter. We’ll scrap that exercise. Go onto page eighteen and work through it. No need for silence, talk amongst yourselves but I want everyone to hand in all the complete sums at the end, or no kitchen this afternoon.”
Haylock raised his hand.
“Yes?”
“What are we making in kitchen this afternoon, sir?”
“I’m not making kedgeree again,” Paul said. “That stuff stinks.”
“I think Miss. Atherton plans on doing cookies,” Mr. Wilson said. “In honour of it being your last ever kitchen session.”
Paul banged the table with his fists and shouted, “cookies!” as everyone else turned to eagerly talk to one another.
“Yes, thank you,” Mr. Wilson called above the sudden din. “But anyone who hasn’t finished the page will not be going, so off you go.”
The class turned back to their books at once and began to write eagerly. Mr. Wilson looked through his papers, then checked his watch and wandered over to the window to look out. Through the overgrown front garden and leafy foliage climbing over Keyton Grove Manor’s wall, he could see Miss. Atherton walking up the drive. She was holding a big box, no doubt full of cookie ingredients, and had her folder under her arm. She tripped on the uneven slabs and Mr. Wilson winced for her. She straightened up, then she vanished from view below the window frame.
“Done, sir,” Paul called from behind him. “Sir!” he said again, louder, as Mr. Wilson tried to see beneath the window. “Sir! I’ve done.”
“Oh, uh, ok,” Mr. Wilson said and turned. He pushed his glasses up his nose. “Go on to page twenty.”
“Oh, what?” Paul muttered. He picked up his pencil and turned his page. “That’s way harder.”
When the lesson was done, he excused them all for morning break. Naomi had brought in a CD player and the boys clustered eagerly around it.
“I’ve always wanted to see one of these,” Haylock said, turning it over in his hands.
“Does it take AA batteries or AAA?” Bailey asked, taking it off him.
“I didn’t say you could touch it,” Naomi said and snatched it off him.
“Do you have any CD’s for it though?” Paul asked. He took it off her. “It’s pretty useless without the CD’s.”
Naomi pulled a face and snatched it off him too.
“If it’s useless you won’t be interested,” she said. “Go away, Paul, and talk to people who like you.”
“Touched a nerve there, didn’t I?” Paul said and picked up his bag. “Haylock, I’m going down by the pond, come on.”
“It’s really cool,” Haylock said to Naomi as he left.
“Let us know when you’ve got CD’s,” Pestell said and pushed passed her.
“You won’t be listening to them!” Naomi called after him. “Can you believe those guys?” she said, turning to Lizzy, who was sitting on Christian’s desk and talking to him. “Lizzy!” she said. “Come on, I need a drink.”
Lizzy finished her conversation with Christian, whose brow was furrowed, and slid off the desk. 
“Think about it,” Lizzy said to him and followed Naomi out.
“What does he have to think about?” Naomi asked as they turned into the corridor.
Christian didn’t move from behind his desk. He sat in the sunshine for a few minutes, staring at the empty classroom, the freshly wiped board, the cluttered chairs and forgotten books.
Hayden gave Charlotte a big boost up to the window. She grabbed the sill and pulled herself through, falling quietly onto the stairs. Below her was the ground floor and above, along the ancient, wooden banister, were the upper rooms. She didn’t think anyone would be up there. She took a deep breath and listened. The house was silent. She tried to hear the moan again and heard nothing. She crept carefully downstairs. In the hall, above a fireplace which didn’t look like it had worked in years, was a picture of an elderly man and woman, standing by the beach and smiling. Below this, balanced on the mantelpiece, were several school photos which looked like they’d been taken in the 1970’s. The children in them all wore goofy uniforms and had goofy hair and teeth. Charlotte examined them, smiling, then tiptoed out of the hall and into the next room. This was the kitchen. It was quiet. The fridge was humming slightly and she opened it to see how old all the food in there was. That would be a good inkling of where the occupants of the house were. There was some mouldy cheese, potatoes, mushroom and a carton of milk that went out of date that day. Charlotte took a swig from it. The adventure was making her thirsty. It was good milk and there was only a bit left, so she kept it in her hands and shut the fridge, then went to look through the cupboards. 
Guessing from the fridge, she supposed the people had last been here two or three days ago. In the cupboards there was nothing but canned food, some lentils and soup. Charlotte climbed onto the worktop and, kneeling, went through the cupboards there. More soup, some dusty bottles of squash and some crisps that went out of date in 1994. Yuk. Charlotte put them back and slid off the worktop, then had another swig of milk. She moved through into the sitting room which Ross and she had spied on a few minutes ago. She examined the glass cabinet and all the little trinkets inside, then moved to the French windows. Hayden and Ross were looking up anxiously at the window she had disappeared through. She finished the milk, threw the carton onto the sofa and opened the door.
Both boys jumped and leapt around. Charlotte beckoned them in.
“It’s completely empty,” she said. “I checked the fridge and everything; they must have been gone for a few days. There’s no sign of anyone.”
Ross came in slowly, looking about. Hayden barrelled in like he was being chased by tigers.
“What’s up, Hayden?” Charlotte asked, shutting the door. “It’s fine.”
“I thought I saw the neighbours looking,” Hayden said and gazed back out of the French windows. “Last thing we need is them calling the police.” 
He stared out of the glass for a few seconds, then drew the curtains.
“How cool is this?” Charlotte said, leading them back into the kitchen. “It’s completely empty.”
“Are you sure?” Ross asked.
“Hello!” Charlotte shouted. “Helloooo!”
“Be quiet!” Hayden snapped and grabbed her arm but Charlotte shook him off.
“It’s empty. Everyone’s gone and they’ll probably never be back,” she said. “Relax, Hayden. There’s some crisps in that cupboard if you want them.”
Ross went back into the living room and switched on the T.V.
“Oh cool,” he said. “We can watch anything.”
“We can watch anything in our own homes,” Charlotte said.
“Not me,” Ross said, flicking through the channels. “Mum won’t let us. Blimey, look at London. It’s on fire.”
“I’ve been watching the news all weekend,” Charlotte said and walked back into the hall. “There’s nothing on but riots.”
She tried the front door and found it locked so she got down on her knees and peeped through the letterbox. Through the thin slit, she could see Charlie by the gate, still on her bike, nervously looking up and down. She was chewing her lip. 
“Hey, young missy!” Charlotte called. “Get away from my gate!”
Charlie jumped and leapt around. Charlotte flapped the letterbox and laughed madly.
“Charlotte!” Charlie hissed. “What are you doing? Get out of there!”
“It’s empty,” Charlotte called through the slot. “They’ve scarpered days ago. Come in, Ross is watching T.V. Hayden is making a sandwich.”
“No!” Charlie said.
“Fine but you’ll miss out on all the fun.”
Charlotte dropped the letterbox and then stood up and tried to unlock the door. There was a bolt on top so she stood on her tiptoes and pulled it back. Then she yanked at the lock until it yielded and flung the door wide open. Charlie was halfway down the drive, wheeling her bike beside her. She leapt again when she saw Charlotte standing there but Charlotte only grinned.
“Quick!” she said. “Get inside before the neighbours see.”
“I don’t like this one bit!” Charlie said but hurriedly wheeled her bike into the house. She propped it by the mantelpiece and looked at the school photos. “Weird kids,” she said.
Charlotte darted back out of the house and up the drive. She grabbed her bike and Ross’s and quickly wheeled them back, into the house. Then she went back for Hayden’s.
“So the neighbours really don’t see,” she said, shutting the door. Charlie was standing by her bike, looking up the stairs.
“I hear something, Charlotte,” she whispered. “I hear... something.”
“It’s probably just the wind. And old houses sometimes creak anyway,” Charlotte said. “Or it might be the T.V; Ross put it on. This way.”
She led Charlie through the kitchen and into the living room. Hayden and Ross were both sitting on the sofa watching the News. A double decker bus, flames sprouting from the upper windows, was rolling passed the shops in Oxford Street. As they watched, it teetered, toppled, then slid along the ground until he smashed into the shops. People appeared from nowhere and went running, some towards the burning bus and others away from it.
“Goodness gracious,” Charlie whispered. “The rest of the world is mad.”
“Do you want to go and join them?” Charlotte asked.
“No!”
“Then let’s stop watching it and have our own fun,” Charlotte said. She picked up the remote and switched the television off. “We’re in an empty house here, guys. We can do anything we want. Anything.”
“Swing from the lights?” Hayden suggested.
“Sure!”
“Eat all the sweets!” Ross said. 
“Definitely,” Charlotte said. “If you can find them.”
“Imagine, if, if,” Ross sat up on the sofa, “if we find loads and loads of money, stashed away somewhere.”
“Yeah!” Charlotte said. “This house was owned by old people! They definitely have money stashed away somewhere!”
“And we can find it and go and buy loads of stuff,” Ross said. “All the pokemon cards. Pokemon Red and Blue and the cable.”
“Gameboy colour,” Hayden said.
“Nintendo,” Ross countered. “With four controllers, then we can all race.”
“Mario Kart!” Charlotte said. “That’d be so cool. We could hook it up to that T.V. and just stay up all night, doing every race, eating loads of sweets.”
“We could have a tournament,” Hayden said. “To find the best Mario Kart racer.”
“This is going to be so cool!” Charlotte said. “We have to find that stash.” She pulled the cushions off the sofa and started looking through the lining of the fabric. “I used to keep chocolate here in my house,” she said, then glanced up at the others. “Well come on guys, get looking! They must have thousands stuffed somewhere.”
“Maybe millions,” Charlie said, looking behind the other chair as Hayden and Ross checked behind the photo frames. “My nan hates banks. She’s never used them. All her life saving are under her bed.”
“Under the bed?” Charlotte said. “Do you think we should check upstairs?”
They all paused, cushions in hands, frames half thrown, looking at each other.
“Has anyone been upstairs yet?” Hayden asked.
Charlotte shook her head.
“Let’s make sure it’s definitely not downstairs first,” Ross said. “Then we’ll go upstairs.”
“Yeah, good idea, good idea.”
They went through all the cupboards and drawers in the kitchen but found no money. Hayden overturned a bag of flour onto Charlie’s head and, in rage, she threw a bag of lentils at him. They burst and spewed tiny green and orange buds everywhere. Charlie screamed. Charlotte gave a shout of delight and grabbed the empty bag of flour. She flung it at Ross, who sloshed her with an open can of soup.
“Food fight!” Hayden called and burst a bag of crisps over Charlie’s head. She screamed again and leapt aside. Charlotte threw a handful of flour at Hayden, then ran the rest of the bag under the tap.
“Wet flour!” she shouted. “Who wants to get messy!?”
She flung it. Ross ducked and it smacked into the wall, a great wodge of grey matter, leaking water out of the sides and down the wall.
“Ew,” Hayden said. He took the kitchen roll off the side and ran that under the tap, then squashed it down into a ball and threw it near the flour. It slapped against the wall and hung there, motionless and solid.
“The boys used to have toilet ball throwing competitions,” Ross said and took the kitchen roll off Hayden, “in the toilets, remember? We threw them at the ceiling.”
“Oh yeah.” Hayden made another ball and threw it up. It stuck to the ceiling above them, dripping water but unmoving, a great white mound of sodden tissue. “Then Miss. Krankle found out and she was mad.”
Charlotte had never made tissue balls before. She reached for the roll, which was now dramatically thinner than it had been when Hayden had first picked it up, and was about to run it under the tap, when something caught her eye out of the kitchen window. She did a double take. It looked like a pair of legs, standing by the gate, half hidden by next doors’ hedge. Her heart leapt when she saw them. They couldn’t be legs. Could they? Behind her, Charlie had joined in the tissue throwing, laughing shrilly and trying to knock Hayden out of the way. Charlotte ignored them. She stepped closer to the window and looked. Yes. They were a pair of legs. Not just legs, a body, a head, a face, looking straight at her.
She quickly drew back. Ross saw her anxious face and dropped his tissue ball. It hit the floor with a splat.
“What is it?” he said.
“Quiet!” Charlotte hissed and yanked on Charlie’s arm so she’d shut up. She pointed out of the window. “There’s someone out there.”
Charlie went whiter than the tissue and sank to the floor amongst the fragments of crisps, soup stains and fields of flour. She put her hands by her mouth.
“Oh no,” she hissed. “Oh no. We’re in so much trouble. So much. So much.”
“Are you sure?” Ross asked and crept up to the window. “Where?”
“Right by the hedge.” Charlotte ducked behind the curtain but pointed. “He’s hidden. But he’s looking this way.”
Charlie hid behind her and peered over her shoulder. Ross ducked behind the other curtain and Hayden hung over his shoulder. They all looked.
“I see him!” Charlie hissed.
“Where?”
“There, right by the gate.”
“Who is he?”
“I don’t know. I can’t see his face properly,” Ross said.
“He’s definitely watching us,” Hayden said. 
“Maybe we should go,” Charlie said.
“Yeah.” Ross ducked below the sink and checked his watch. “It’s nearly time for me to be home anyway.”
“How do we get out without him coming over and talking to us though?” Hayden asked.
“Over the back fence,” Charlotte said. “We can climb it easily.”
“But what about the bikes?” Ross said. 
“Forget them.”
“My mum will go mad if I go home without my bike,” Ross said.
“Let’s just pass them over the fence then,” Charlotte said.
“That’s impossible!” Charlie frowned at her.
“It’s obviously not.” Charlotte went into the hall and grabbed her bike. She wheeled it through. “Stand it on its end and boost it up. If someone is waiting on top of the fence they can take it and drop it down.”
“Ok,” Ross said and fetched his bike as well. “But we’ll have to be carefully. My mum will notice if mine is damaged at all.”
“I’ll sit on top of the fence,” Charlotte said and wheeled her bike towards the French windows. “And I’ll be as careful as cream.”

Grace, as was to be expected, reached floor four, and their room, before either of the boys. She slipped in just as Sebastian came haring down the corridor and shut the door before he had time to push it open.
“Let me in!” he shouted and hammered on the door, forgetting everything his mother had said about the peace of the other guests. “Grace! Let me in!”
Oliver came trotting around the end of the corridor and Sebastian began hammering more urgently.
“Grace! Grace! Oliver’s coming! Quick!”
Grace opened the door and Sebastian stepped inside. Oliver sped up and they both shut the door on him.
“Aw,” Oliver said when he reached the shut door. “Let me in.” He knocked. “Please let me in!” Sebastian and Grace laughed hysterically from behind the door. Oliver knocked. “Guys!” he said, his voice wavering. “Let me in!”
“He’s gone off crying,” Sebastian said, looking through the peephole. He looked at Grace and laughed. “What a baby!”
Grace opened the door and called her brother back.
“No!” he shouted down the corridor.
“Fine, see you later.” She began to shut the door and he came running back. He entered the room, sniffing and wiping his nose, then he sat on the bed, all smiles and ready for the next game.
“What’s the secret then?” Sebastian said as Grace looked out of the window at the dark sky.
“First,” Grace said and shut the curtains, “let’s see what’s on T.V.”
“Let’s order room service!” Oliver said and picked up the phone.
“Yeah!” Sebastian said.
“You idiot,” Grace said and turned the T.V. on. “That costs loads. Dad’ll be mad.”
“Yeah, you idiot,” Sebastian said and Oliver replaced the phone.
Grace flicked through the channels. There wasn’t much on any of them but the news channels, where they were showing scenes of the fighting in New York, Sydney and London. Sebastian wasn’t sure who was fighting who. It just seemed like everyone had gone mad.
“We’re safe here,” he said.
“That’s what I wanted to talk about.” Grace threw the control down and turned to look at him. “The secret.”
All the lights went out. The T.V. winked off. Sebastian groaned, Oliver gave a scream.
“It’s been doing that all day,” Sebastian said. “The electrics are going mad because of all the fighting in London.”
“That’s life,” Grace said and Sebastian laughed.
“That’s life,” he sang back and Oliver laughed loudly now. The three of them would sing this song to each other the summer before, when they’d gone on an adventure and everything conceivable had gone wrong; they’d got stung by bees, cut themselves, Sebastian had fallen into a river, Oliver’s bike got flat tyres, they lost their house keys. “That’s what all the people say.” Sebastian paused. “I still don’t know what the next line is.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Grace said. “Forget the song. Now, I came prepared.” They heard her rummaging around in her bag and then they saw the beam of light, illuminating the top of her bag and a bit of the wall. She swung the torch around to the light up her face and grinned.
“What’s the secret then?” Sebastian said.
“I can only tell you if you promise not to stop me,” Grace said and sat on the bed. She swung the torch into Oliver’s face. He blinked and looked away. She swung it into Sebastian’s face and he shielded his eyes with his hands. “You promise? Both of you?” She shone it back on Oliver.
“Yes!” both boys said. “Yes.”
“Just tell us,” Sebastian said.
“A boy at my school died last week,” Grace said. “On the railway lines.” Grace was thirteen years old so she went to a Secondary school, where there were seventeen and eighteen year olds, two thousand students in the building at one time and teachers who you called ‘miss’ and ‘sir’. Sebastian was in year six but he wouldn’t go to a proper Secondary school: he was going to go to a special private school because his nan was really rich and didn’t want him in the dirty state school system. At least, he would have done, if the world wasn’t going to end on Thursday. Oliver was only in year four and Grace said he’d never get to year seven at all, not because of the end of the world but because he thought three times three was thirty three.
“Did you know him?” Sebastian asked.
“No,” Grace said. “He was year nine, the year above me but I saw him around. He was always on his own.”
“Billy no mates,” Sebastian said and Grace hit him.
“Listen,” she said. “This is serious.”
“Ok, sorry.”
“And don’t always say sorry, it’s really annoying.”
“Ok, s- my apologies.”
Grace ignored this.
“So anyway, he was a loner. I used to always see him because he was a loner and I notice the people always standing on their own. These five boys always used to push him around and give him a hard time. They were in year nine as well- Caius because of their tie.” Grace’s school had six different houses for segregating the students, Sebastian knew this. Grace was in Caius, so her tie was silver.”
“Was the boy who died in Caius?”
“Yes he was,” Grace said. “That’s how I knew him really. At the end of last year, the houses give out awards. I got the Caius Year Seven Award for Best Girl at English and he got the Caius Year Eight Award for Best Boy at English. We stood next to each other and I’d seen him about, because he was on his own, but I’d never stood next to him. I smiled at him and he smiled back and then, when we left the hall, those five boys who used to bully him took the award certificate off him.” Oliver gasped. “Yeah,” Grace said. “They folded it up into a paper aeroplane and threw it over the fence, then pulled his blazer over his head. No one did anything. Then, last week, he died on the railway line that goes through the end of the village. Those five boys were the last people to see him alive. They spoke to the police and everything and his parents and I read in the paper that they said they’d been playing football together down at the park and he’d gone onto the line to get the ball back. But I don’t believe it.”
“Yeah, that’d never happen,” Sebastian said. “The ball would roll back.”
“That’s not what I’m saying,” Grace said sharply. “I’m saying that those boys wouldn’t be playing football with him. They were always so mean to him.”
“So,” Oliver said in a whisper. “What do you think happened? You think they killed him?”
“Maybe nothing as bad as that,” Grace said. “Maybe worse. Maybe the police would have found out, if the world wasn’t going to end on Thursday. But it is and whatever these boys did, they’re going to get away with it.”
“Not if we do something,” Sebastian said.
“Exactly,” Grace said. “That’s my plan. I know where one of the boy lives. Kieran Pyeman, you remember him, Oliver?” She shone the light on his little pale face and he nodded. He had gone to their primary school and lived a few streets from them. “I’m going to find out what happened and, if necessary, make him pay for what he did. And if we can find out where the others live, we’ll make them pay too.”
“How far do you live from here?” Sebastian asked.
“Fifteen miles,” Grace said. “I’m leaving tonight. The last train goes at eleven fifteen. It’ll take us right by the bit where he died. That’s only about a mile from our house.”
“I’m coming too,” Sebastian said.
“And me,” Oliver said.
“I knew you’d say that and I don’t mind,” Grace said. “But you can’t slow me down. I hope to catch up with all five boys before Thursday so if you hold me back, I’ll send you straight back here.”


Chapter Three:
Christian tried to talk to Mr. Wilson about what Lizzy had said but didn’t quite know how to start, so he went out to the pond, where some of the other students were gathered. The pond was, in reality, just a small, scum covered puddle at the corner of Keyton’s grounds, at the angle where two walls met, and shaded by an overhanging tree. He stood with his hands in his pockets and listened, as Paul, Haylock and Pestell were doing, to Marina talk. She had a map held out in front of her.
“County High school plan,” she said. “I took it at the Induction in year six.”
“You went to the County High Induction?” Paul said. He got some cigarettes from his pocket. “Our bitter rivals? Naughty, naughty girl. I thought it was Keyton kids forever.”
“It was better than sitting at school all day,” Marina said. “And I think the idea for this has always been drifting about in my head. I’ve been planning it ever since I realised there was a County High. Ever since I realised they were our rivals. Ever since I realised those kids always pick on Keyton Grove and do their best to make us feel worse.”
Paul raised his eyebrows at her and lit the cigarette. He offered it to Haylock who shook his head and Pestell, who pretended not to notice.
“No one can see us down by the pond,” Paul said.
“It’s bad for you, isn’t it?” Haylock said and then they all laughed because, of course, the world was ending on Thursday.
“Listen!” Marina snapped and all the boys looked at her. She was eleven, with a scowl permanently etched on her face and her hands always clenched into fists. Paul had ignored her for her first few months until she’d beaten him in an arm wrestle. Then he’d begrudgingly allowed her to speak to him, only to discover that she thought him a bit of a pansy. “We only have one chance to do this and we need everyone on board. If I have you three, and you Christian- anything can be done with you involved- the others will follow.”
“Remind me why we care again?” Paul said and blew smoke into the air.
“Because, when existence ends, Keyton is going to be one up on County High,” Marina said. “It’s perfect. They have no time to retaliate. We go out on top. What else have you got to do between now and Thursday, Paul?”
He squashed the cigarette under his shoes. Christian noticed he hadn’t even had half of it.
“Nothing, I guess,” Paul said. “So what’s your plan? Break into the school, get to the top and sling a banner out the windows?”
Pestell rolled his eyes but when Marina nodded and Paul shrugged, he quickly stopped.
“If I’m doing nothing else, I’ll help you,” he said. “Get everyone else on board as well. I don’t want to have to do anything except walk down there and break in.”
“You got it,” Marina said, folding up the map. “Bailey is already getting the paint and the sheets. Christian, you can do the banner because you’re best at art and stuff. I’ll create a detailed, time orchestrated map of our attack and the locations we all need to be.”
“Sounds organised,” Paul said. “Just let me know when you need me.”
“Class!” Mr. Wilson called from the top of the drive. Keyton grounds were really just the poorly kept driveway, the pond corner and some strange bushes in front of the garage where Naomi and Lizzy liked to sit and talk about everyone else. Mr. Wilson didn’t really need to shout; they’d heard him open the door to come out. “P.E. now guys. Kit on and meet at the gate in ten minutes. No excuses from anyone.”
“It’s the end of the world on Thursday!” Paul called.
“I said no excuses, Paul. Go and get your trainers on.” 

The next day, Charlotte pedalled down to Charlie’s house. She wanted to go back in the cottage. She had cycled passed on her own that morning and seen that there was no one at the gate. She hadn’t gone inside, even though there was no one in sight. It hadn’t even entered her mind. This adventure was for her and her friends and it would be the ultimate taboo to go in on her own.
Charlie came out straight away but was reluctant to agree to Charlotte’s plans about the old cottage.
“That person was watching us last time,” she said.
“So?” Charlotte replied. “He hasn’t been to my house or yours and told our parents, has he?” Charlie shook her head. “And it’s not his house or he’d have come inside and told us to clear off. And even if he goes to the police, what are they going to do? They’re busy fighting riots and stuff. And the world ends in two days. They won’t care if a grouchy old man has reported a bunch of kids breaking into an empty house. They’ll tell him to clear off.”
Charlie said nothing. When they got to Hayden’s house and Charlotte shouted up to his window that they were going to the cottage, she didn’t object. Hayden came flying out of the house and grabbed his bike.
“I thought you were scared yesterday,” Charlie said to him as they pedalled down the street. It was a clear morning but very, very cold. There was some snow in the air the night before and it had settled on the ground as tiny flecks of frost. All three children were wrapped up in coats, scarves, hats, gloves and wellingtons, which made pedalling quite hard.
“I was watching the news last night,” Hayden said. “London is burning. And I thought, the world really is going to end.” His eyes were bright. “So if I want to spend my last days in an empty house with my friends, who’s going to stop me?”
“Ah,” Charlie said and Charlotte pushed him with the toe of her boot.
“You girl,” she said.
“Plus, I brought my pokemon card set,” Hayden said and patted his pocket. “I thought we could play a few games and look through them one last time.”
“And that house had loads of good videos,” Charlie said. “Like eighteen certificate. We could, maybe,” she glanced at Charlotte, “watch a few of those.”
“Yeah!” Charlotte said. “Maybe they’ll be horror ones where people get chopped up with axes and stuff!”
“Oh no,” Charlie said. “I wouldn’t like that.”
“What else do you think will be in eighteen films?” Charlotte asked. “Should we get loads of cakes and crisps and stuff as well? Make a feast of it?”
They liked this idea so before stopping by Ross’, they went to the village shop. It was shut up and dark inside. They leant on their bikes, their foreheads on the glass and their hands cupped around their eyes.
“I can’t see anything,” Hayden said.
“Me neither.”
“Maybe we should just break in,” Charlotte said.
“No!”
“Why not? That’s what they’re doing in London. There’s loads of stuff in there too.” Charlotte strained her eyes. “Pot noodles! If we don’t eat them, no one else will. He’s not losing any money, is he?”
“It’s wrong though,” Charlie said. “He’s always been so nice to us. We can’t rob him.”
“It’s not robbing,” Charlotte said and tried the door. It was locked. “In a few days, none of it will even exist.”
But they chose not to break in. Hayden rode his bike away without a word and Charlie quickly followed. Charlotte hesitated for a while longer, then pedalled after them up the road. They knocked for Ross. His mother answered the door again.
“Ross can’t come out to play,” she said. “He’s spending family time. With his family.”
“Only for a few hours,” Charlotte said. “He got back in time yesterday.”
They heard Ross’ voice behind her in the hall. Her eyes turned away from the crack in the door, no doubt to speak to him. They craned their heads to try and see into the house. The door opened wider. Ross was standing there. His mother had vanished.
“I can come out until four,” he said.
“Cool,” Hayden said. “Bring you pokemon cards. We’re going to play.”
“And any sweets you have,” Charlotte said because Ross’ mum always kept a lot of sweets in her cupboards. Ross was rarely allowed to have any but they all knew they were there.
Ross vanished. The three of them cycled about in circles until he came out with a rucksack.
“Let’s go,” he said.
“Wait a moment, Ross,” his mother called from the house. “What have you got in that bag?”
“Just my pokemon cards.”
“Have you taken them in the folder?”
“Yes, mum.”
“Don’t get them tatty.”
“No, mum.”
“Wait, have you taken that expensive one?” 
They all glanced at Ross. He had Charizard. The best pokemon card, the most rare. None of them had never seen it because Ross’ mum worked out how valuable it was and hadn’t let him take it out of the house. From Ross’ silence, they all knew he had it on him. Hayden’s eyes lit up. 
“Bring it back in, now!” his mum barked.
“I haven’t got it, mum!” Ross called. He got his bike from the side of the house. “I left it in my desk.”
“If I check and it’s not there, you’re going to be in so much trouble. I’ll bring you straight back home.”
Ross paused, then shut the front door.
“Go, go, go,” he whispered.
“Have you got it?” Hayden said as they pedalled furiously away.
“Yes,” Ross said. Hayden hissed in triumph and held out his finger. Ross grinned and bumped it with his own. “Hopefully she’ll believe me. Are we going back to the cottage?”
“Yes,” Charlotte said. “Come on.”
They made it to the cottage, checked no one was watching, then pushed their bikes through the gate and to the front door. It was still unlocked from yesterday. Charlotte opened it and they hurried inside, scattering their bikes around the hall. Charlotte slammed the door and then they all grinned at each other.
“Safe and sound,” Charlotte said. “In our base.”
The cottage creaked around them and there came a faint moan from the walls. The children froze.
“What was that?” Charlie hissed, gripping Charlotte’s arm.
“Just the cold in the old walls,” Ross said after a pause. “It happens. Come on.”
“It sounded like ghosts,” Hayden said and swallowed loudly.
Charlotte laughed.
“How do you know what ghosts sound like?”
“If there’s one thing that can hurt us before the world ends, it’s ghosts,” Hayden said.
They went into the kitchen. A dozen or so brown creatures shot out across the floor as they stepped inside and Charlie screamed and leapt back as they scurried passed her trainers.
“Mice!” she screamed. “Mice!”
“It’s just from all the food on the floor,” Charlotte said and stamped through it. The last of the mice disappeared under the fridge without a sound. “That was obviously going to happen.”
Charlie was still startled and wouldn’t come in the kitchen. She stood in the doorway, on one leg, her hands by her mouth in horror.
“We should clean it all up,” Hayden said, looking at the crushed crisps, the flour and dried soup.
“No!” Charlotte laughed. “The world is ending in two days! I’m not spending it cleaning up!”
“If this is going to be our base until the world ends,” Ross said and opened a cupboard. Another mouse shot out and followed its fellows under the fridge. Ross jumped slightly but then ventured his hands inside the cupboard. He pulled out a dustpan and brush. “We should keep it tidy. Out of respect for one, and to keep the mice away for two.”
Hayden nodded and took the dustpan and brush. Charlotte rolled her eyes but got a cloth and started rubbing at the soup. Ross went into the hall and got a broom.
“You hoover up when we’re done,” he said to Charlie. When she shook her head, he said, “we’ve all done our bit. And it’s to keep the mice out.”
So she did. All four of them scrubbed at the kitchen floor and walls and surfaces until it was spotless and all evidence of their food fight the day before had been erased. If anything, it looked even cleaner.
“If those old people came back now,” Charlotte said and threw the dirty cloth in the bin, “they’d be glad we broke in. It’s perfect!”
They went into the living room and Ross got his pokemon card folder out. He showed them the Charizard card.
“Wow,” Hayden breathed. “Shiny.”
“120HP,” Charlotte said. “Unbeatable.”
“With flamethrower capable of 100 damage,” Ross said. “You can win any battle with that.”
“And you just found it in a packet?” Hayden said, handing it back to Ross, who carefully slid it back into the folder. “Just an ordinary packet?”
“Yeah,” Ross said. “Two pound fifty from the shop. I didn’t think there’d be any shiny in there. I was just like diglet, diglet, Pidgey, Growlith, oh my God! Charizard!” 
They all laughed. They kept Charizard to one side because, they all reasoned, it would be unfair to play with that, and had a few battles, sharing out Ross’ and Hayden’s cards between them. Charlie won the first, which surprised everyone. Ross had managed to get handfuls of sweets from his kitchen as well. They sat, sucking on strawberry laces and liquorice allsorts, Haribo and pear drops.
It was just as Ross was winning the fifth game that they heard the noise. It was the creak of a floorboard from the hall and it made them all freeze in horror, their conversation halted in the air. Charlie paused mid chew and glanced at Charlotte, who had the tail of a strawberry lace hanging from her mouth like the disappearing flash of a mouse’s tail. She swallowed.
“What was that?” Hayden whispered.
Ross waved his hand at him and carefully set down his pokemon cards. He was looking towards the hall. The creak came again. It was definite and sure, not just the wind, not just an old house. Something had moved out there.
“Mice?” Charlotte guessed at as Charlie whimpered and nearly choked on her sweets. “Mice, Ross?”
“Ghosts!” Hayden hissed. “It’s ghosts, ghost, ghosts!” Ross hit him but he wouldn’t shut up. “I bet the old people died here and their ghosts are haunting it and they’re mad that we’re here! Maybe people died in here hundreds of years ago and they killed the old people! And now they’re going to kill us! Because it’s their house!”
“Ghosts can’t kill people,” Charlotte hissed. “They’d go straight through them, like air.”
“Poltergeists can,” Hayden said. “I saw it in a film. This one poltergeist picked up loads of chairs and stuff and threw them about. They could get a knife and-”
“Be quiet,” Ross snapped. He got carefully to his feet. The creak came again. It was the sound of careful feet on old, warm wood. Feet creeping this way. “We have to see who it is.”
Charlotte stood up next. She picked up a spindly old chair and held it, ready to bash someone.
“Right behind you, Ross,” she said. “Lead the way.”
Ross nodded at her and then began to creep towards the kitchen.

They all packed a bag for the adventure. Grace just put warm clothes in hers and some money. Oliver filled his with story tapes, his favourite toy and little packets of tea and sugar from the breakfast stand in the room. Sebastian didn’t know what to put in his. He looked for a blanket and, when he couldn’t find one, he tore the sheets off the bed and packed them instead. At half nine, Grace put her bag on her back and faced them.
“We’ve got to go now,” she said. “It might take us ages to get to the train station and get tickets and everything. We’re not saying goodbye to anyone,” she said. “We just have to do this. If you get cold feet, remember, Thursday is the end of the world. You ready?”
Sebastian and Oliver nodded at her. They picked up their bags.
“Should we leave a note?” Sebastian asked as Grace opened the door and looked out into the corridor.
Grace turned to look at him.
“Ok,” she said. “There’s a pad and paper by the bed. Write whatever you like.”
Sebastian turned and found the paper. It had the hotel logo on the top. The pen did too. He turned it over and over in his hands, then began to write:
Dear Everyone,
We’ve gone away to do justice to a dead boy. Don’t worry about us. The world is ending Thursday anyway.
Love, Sebastian, Oliver and Grace.
He put the note on top of the T.V. and put the pen in his pocket. Grace hurriedly beckoned him out of the room. Oliver was standing beside her, gazing up at her as she checked the corridor both ways. She waved them to follow.
“Take the stairs,” she said. “Because know one we know will take the stairs.”
They reached the stairwell door just as the lift doors binged open. Grace grabbed Oliver and threw him out of sight but Sebastian was too far away to make it. The lift doors slid open and he found himself looking straight at their uncle.
“Sebastian!” he cried with unnecessary joy. “Little man, what’s going on? Where are your cousins?” Grace appeared, scowling. She’d dropped her bag. “And little Oliver?” their uncle asked. 
“He’s in the toilet,” Grace said.
“Are you coming down for dessert?” the uncle asked. “We just rang Grandma,” he said before either of them could answer. “There was no reply.” He sighed. “I hope she’s ok. The neighbours are meant to be looking after her but,” he put his hands on his hips, “with all this anarchy I hope they haven’t scarpered. Still,” he smiled, “dessert?”
“No,” they both said in unison.
“No?” The uncle frowned. “You’re not having dessert?”
“Maybe later,” Grace said and tried to smile. “We’re playing a game at the moment.”
“Aha,” the uncle said and raised his hand. “What sort of game? Hide and seek?”
“No,” Grace said. She folded her arms and tapped her foot. “A secret game.”
“Tell me more about it,” their uncle said. “I’m just going to my room to get my room key and then I’ll be back.” He waved at them. “Stay here and then we’ll talk.”
As soon as he had vanished, Grace grabbed Sebastian.
“Run!” she said.
They went through the stairwell door. Oliver was hiding by the banister. When he saw them, he leapt up and three of them clattered down the four flights of stairs and into the foyer. It was busy with people. Grace cursed and ducked behind a plant pot. They both followed.
“No one we know,” Sebastian said, scanning the crowds. “I bet they’re all having dessert in the restaurant or trying to ring grandma again. Do you feel sad about her not being here?” he asked, turning to Grace.
Grace looked at the lift; she wasn’t listening. The number four on top had lit up. Then the number three. Then the number two.
“Uncle’s coming down,” she said and shouldered her bag. “We have to run now. Oliver, you first. Head straight for the door, fast as you can, don’t hit anybody.”
Oliver nodded, clung tight to his bag and raced off, dodging the suitcases and queues of people still waiting by the desk. The automatic doors slid open for him and then he was gone, vanished into the darkness. The lift doors next to them dinged.
“Both of us,” Grace said, grabbing Sebastian’s arm. “Run.”
They both leapt up, separated and shot across the foyer. Sebastian nearly tripped over someone’s strewn bag but he righted himself. He thought he heard the lift doors open from behind him and, maybe, the shout of his uncle but then he was past the automatic doors, inches behind Grace, and the cold night air was on his face.
They trotted down the front steps, which were slick with ice. Someone had half heartedly poured salt on a few steps and Sebastian rubbed his shoes in these bits.
“Making my shoes gritty,” he explained when Grace looked at him.
Oliver tried to do the same but Grace pulled him away.
“We can’t stop until we’re away from the hotel,” she said. “We’ll have to keep running until it’s out of sight. Follow me.”
They went across the car park in a shadowy line, ducking behind cars, making sure passing headlights didn’t pick them out. Then they crossed the main road and headed around the fringes of a petrol station. The lights above the petrol pumps weren’t working and the entire forecourt was in darkness. Someone inside was pulling all the food off the shelves and Sebastian paused.
“We can get food,” he said.
“No time,” Grace replied. “We’re only opposite the hotel. If anyone comes out, they can see us. We have to keep moving.”
Sebastian followed her and Oliver through a thick hedge beside the forecourt and out into a silent field. It was white tipped in the starlight, the frost winking and glittering like tiny lights.
“Where’s the station?” Sebastian whispered. The cold stung his ears and dampened his voice.
“We saw signs for it along the main road when we came in,” Grace said and pointed down the field. “If we cut across here, hopefully we can rejoin with the main road. The signs were about three seconds away from the hotel, so it shouldn’t be long. We’ll run.”
“I can’t keep running,” Oliver said and rubbed his eyes. “Let’s walk.”
“We can rest on the train,” Grace said. “But we have to make sure we get the train first. Just one last jog and then we can sit.”
Oliver said nothing but when Grace started out across the field, he followed. Sebastian ran out beside Grace, trying to keep up with her. The field was baked hard with ice and he kept rolling his ankles; not enough to stop him running but enough to make him worry that one of them might fall and snap their bones. He glanced over his shoulder; Oliver was quite a way behind them, barely trotting, his bag hanging from his shoulder.
“Grace,” Sebastian said.
“He can catch us up when we stop,” she snapped back. “I need to check we’re going the right way.”
She reached the end of the field where there was a thin wire fence and a strip of scrubland running next to the main road. She jumped over the fence and ran along the curb of the road, under the orange streetlamps, round the bend and out of sight. Sebastian waited for Oliver. He was walking.
“Come on, Oliver!” Sebastian called. “We’re nearly there!”
Oliver started a pitiful jog and reached the fence just as Grace came back, a smile on her face.
“I’ve seen the sign for the station,” she said. “It’s two minutes walk this way. Well done, both of you.”
“Are we resting now?” Oliver asked.
“No,” Grace said sharply. “But we’ll take a slow walk up to the station. Watch out for the road.”
They climbed over the fence and followed her along the main road. A few cars passed, their headlights blinding them for a second and making them shield their eyes. There was no footpath on this stretch of the road and Sebastian was worried a car was going to plough into them or that one of their relatives might drive past and spot them.
His fears were ill founded though. After a few minutes, a footpath appeared, alongside a red, white and blue station side, pointing up a dark hill. They slid off the main road and into the deserted side street and Grace slowed her walk even more.
“Well done, guys,” she said. “We made it.”
“Where’s the station?” Oliver asked.
“At the top of this hill,” Grace said. She pointed. “See those lights? We can sit there until our train arrives.”
“Are we going to buy tickets?” Sebastian asked. “Or just sneak on?”
“I don’t know. We’ll see how busy it is,” Grace said. “I don’t care about getting caught without a ticket, I just don’t want to be thrown off before we get there.”
They climbed the hill, went through the gate and onto a single platform. There was no one in sight. The lights overhead were flickering frantically and a few insects were buzzing about. Sebastian tried the door to the ticket office. It was locked.
“I guess we couldn’t buy tickets even if we wanted to,” he said and cupped his hands around his eyes to see through the window; it was pitch black inside.
“That’s not our worst problem,” Grace said. She was gazing up at the television hanging above the platform. Oliver sat down on the bench and took his bag off his back. He stretched like an old man.
“What is?” he asked.
“All the trains have been cancelled,” Grace said. “Except the ten thirty seven to London and even that one doesn’t have any stops on it. It just goes straight to Kings Cross.”
“What are we going to do?” Sebastian said and turned to face her.
“Give me a moment.”
She turned to the giant rail map of routes that was mounted on the wall by the ticket office and began to study it under the flickering light. Sebastian sat next to Oliver.
“Would you like a pack of sugar?” Oliver asked.
“A pack of what?”
Oliver held up the sugar packets he’d taken from the room. He put one, paper and all, in his mouth.
“You suck it, like a sweet,” he said.
“Eurgh, no way, I’m not eating paper,” Sebastian said.
Grace sat down next to them. Oliver offered her one and she took it, so Sebastian asked for one as well. They sat there, sucking the paper packets and then Grace said, “I’ve figured it out. We get on the London train.”
“We go to London?!” Oliver said loudly and excitedly, his eyes alight.
“No,” Grace said. “Come and look at the map.” They stood up and followed her over. “This is where we are,” she said and pointed to one station on the map, “Tonbridge. We wanted to get this green line to Leigh but it’s off. The only line running is the blue one, up to London. If it was a regular route, the blue line would stop at somewhere called Hildenborough. That’s about two miles from Leigh.” She pointed.
“How do you know it’s two miles?” Oliver asked. “What if it’s actually like twenty two in real life?”
“I know it’s two miles because I know where Hildenborough is,” Grace said, curtly. “We live a few miles from Hildenborough, idiot. It’s on all the signs.”
“So, where was the boy killed?” Sebastian asked.
“At a crossing just by the school,” Grace said and tapped the map. “A bit further along the track than Leigh.”
“Ok, so we get off at Hildenborough,” Sebastian said. “But if the train isn’t stopping there, how do we manage that?”
“We pull the emergency stop,” Grace said.
Oliver gasped.
“We could get into a lot of trouble.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Sebastian said. “The world ends Thursday anyway. Right?” he added, looking at Grace.
“Right. And I don’t reckon anyone will be onboard so no one will care. All we need is a few seconds to slip out and get to the station.”
The tracks began to rumble. Grace looked at the clock.
“This is it,” she said. “Hildenborough is only a few stops away, so we shouldn’t even sit down.”
Oliver moaned but they both ignored him. The cables overhead began to crack and whir and a fast wind shot down the platform. Grace put a hat over her head and tucked all her hair up into it so she looked like a boy and then the train came into sight, the front cabin well lit but the rest of the carriages in darkness.
It eased to a stop, moaning and clanking, and the doors slid open. Grace, Sebastian and Oliver all peered into the dark carriage. It was empty.
“Come on,” Grace said and leapt in. “Let’s get going.”
Sebastian jumped in beside her. The gap was a bit too big for Oliver and they both had to grab one of his arms and heave him up. The doors shut on his bag and then, with a frantic beeping, slid open again. Oliver moved aside and the doors peacefully shut. The train moaned once more and then began to pull away. In the darkness of the carriage, all Sebastian could hear was the whir of the engine beneath them and the sound of Oliver’s fast breathing.
Grace got a torch out of her bag and switched it on. She shone it around the carriage.
“We’re looking for the emergency brake,” she said.
“There!”
Oliver spotted it: a red box on the wall. Mounted beside it was a hammer. Sebastian pulled this off.
“We smash the box to make it stop,” he said, wielding the hammer. “I’ll smash it.”
“I’ll tell you when,” Grace said.
She went to the window and looked out. Trees and snatches of light were zipping passed. They passed a road, filled with motionless traffic, empty benches, overflowing bins.
“Hildenborough is the first stop,” Grace said. “It might be any minute.”
Sebastian raised the hammer. The train flashed passed a dark platform, more empty benches, one of those television screens which had fallen and smashed on the floor. He saw a big sign with HILDENBOROUGH stamped on the side.
“Now!” Grace shouted.
Sebastian brought the hammer against the glass. It cracked but didn’t shatter. He whacked it again and this time it did shatter. Red lights went on overhead.
“We’re not stopping!” Grace shouted.
“Pull the handle!” Oliver shouted.
“What?”
“The handle!”
He pointed. Behind the broken glass, there was a red handle. Sebastian grabbed it and yanked it down. The train screeched beneath them. They all fell into one another and then into the glass partition separating them from the seats.
“Quick!” Grace shouted. “Grab your bags!”
She already had hers. She pulled herself up and hammered on the emergency door release button until the doors slid open with a hurried beep. Sebastian jumped out first. It was a long way down with no platform there. Oliver leapt out and fell over, then Grace slid down. The ground beneath them was very icy and there was snow in the air. They heard someone shout, perhaps the driver or someone in another compartment.
“This way,” Grace said and began to slide down the embankment towards the fence. “Quick.”
They climbed over the fence with ease. They often went on adventures like this in the summer and climbing over fences came easily to all of them, even Oliver. On the other side of the car park was the last snatch of car park for Hildenborough station. Grace stood in the middle, looking about.
“What now?” Oliver said as the train behind them began to beep again. The red light, which had been spilling out of the door and onto the frozen ground, went off. Then the train slowly pulled away. With a lot of chugging and the groan of tired metal, it disappeared along the track and left them, in the dark of the car park.
“We’ve got a walk ahead of us,” Grace said.
“Not more walking,” Oliver said and dropped his bag. “I can’t I’m too tired.”
“What else do you suggest we do?” Grace said. “Sleep in the station? It’s Sunday night now. I told you: I want to catch up with all the boys by Thursday. If we don’t get Kieran and find the next boy tomorrow, there’s no point in trying to do any of it. We have to be at Kieran’s house tomorrow. Understand? That means walking tonight. Understand?”
“But where will we sleep?” Oliver said. “And I’m hungry. We can’t just sit outside Kieran’s all night.”
“You idiot,” Grace said. “We’ll sleep at ours. We’ll eat at ours. Then tomorrow, before lunch time, we’ll get Kieran and find the other boys.”
Oliver perked up at the mention of their house.
“How far away is our house from here?” he asked.
“About a mile,” Grace said and began to walk for the end of the car park. “Halfway between here and Leigh. We’ll just follow the road. At least that way we’ll know where we’re going.”
Chapter Four:
The only sport Keyton could afford was running because all it required was students to bring their trainers in. As a result, Keyton had the best Cross Country team in the county. For an hour every day, they ran over the fields behind the school, Mr. Wilson at the front and Miss Atherton at the back, keeping everyone together. Unfortunately, in the County cup, cross country teams were organised by age; schools were required to enter teams of five seventeen year olds or five fourteen year olds or five eleven year olds. Keyton’s motley of one seventeen year old, a sixteen year old, a fifteen year old, a twelve year old and an eleven year old was not welcomed, not least because they were a happy mix of boys and girls. They’d been disqualified in 1999 for altering ages on the team sheet and, even when Mr. Wilson pointed out that it was no advantage to be running an eleven year old girl in a seventeen year old boys’ race, they weren’t welcomed back.
Christian was the best cross country runner the school had then and perhaps ever. Mr. Wilson let him overtake him and run out across the fields on his own, his oversized white t-shirt hiding his undersized blue shorts, his skinny legs taking huge, bouncing strides over the heath. Christian had always been the best at running, without trying. He was the best at everything but for that, he tried. Or perhaps ‘best’ isn’t the right word. With Christian, it wasn’t about being the best at everything but having done everything. And he had done everything. When he was four, his father lost his job so his parents collected all their savings together and went to tour Africa for a year, taking Christian and his brothers along with them. Christian had hated being out there at the time and had grown up quite an angry, difficult little boy. When he got back to England, however, he was old enough to notice these differences between the two places of the world and that had been his first step towards maturity. His brothers, who had loved Africa, only hated England upon their return and went back to travelling as soon as they could. Christian didn’t. He was amazed by the difference in the world, the way different people acted. Then his father and mother died in a car crash. His eldest brother, by that time, was eighteen and decided to go to Asia, leaving Christian and his other brother in foster care. A few years ago, his elder brother had reached eighteen and Christian hoped they could live together. But that brother had gone to Australia instead. Christian was still in Foster care. He didn’t mind it. He didn’t mind anything. He had accepted everything, the differences in the world, his parents’ deaths, his brothers leaving, the kindness of families who weren’t your own. All these different experiences had been steps toward maturity and he realised, a few weeks ago, before the announcement that, at the age of fifteen, he understood everything. He sympathised with everyone. He could negotiate any situation. He had been. He had done. He understood everyone’s motives, he could almost predict behaviour because he understood difference and panic and desperation and cruelty. They were all manuals in his brain. He had transcended the ordinary world of a fifteen year old boy and reached a plain that only a few people, in their whole lifetimes, ever reach. He was at one, at peace, with the entire world, with all its writhing and wriggling differences. Understanding it all made it quite banal. That stumped him. If he was complete, and that’s what he thought he was, complete, completed, a full body and soul, what was he going to do for the rest of his lifetime? 
He got back to Keyton in double quick time and waited on the wall for the others to finish. He had planned to talk to Mr. Wilson before the announcement came because he really was unsure how to spend the rest of his life. The announcement, he thought, had come especially for him. It was as though he were the only living, conscious being in the entire world. Existence was a game for him to manoeuvre his way through and now that he had done that, now that he had completed the game, existence was over, it was shutting down. He had won so there was no need for it to be around any longer. Everyone else was, what? Pieces created by the game to aid and abet him during his quest for completion? They weren’t real, living things like him: that’s why they were so easy to predict. They had been made for him, to flesh out his game. They wouldn’t even realise the game had been switched off. They would wait, in cyber darkness, for it to be switched on once more and then they would start all over again; the same characters, the same dialogue, the same situations and circumstances, waiting for the new gamer to negotiate their way through them. Who would that new gamer be? Would they take longer than Christian had? Or complete it more quickly? 

Ross crept into the kitchen and paused. Charlotte stopped behind him, holding the chair above her head. There was nothing in here. Not even mice. Behind Charlotte, Hayden crouched, his hands on her shoulder. Behind him, Charlie was huddled, holding onto his belt. Ross moved his hand forward and they all shuffled towards the hall. They heard the creak of floorboard again.
“It’s not us making the noise, is it?” Charlotte said but Ross hushed her. He picked up a poker from the rack by the fireplace and held it up. The hall was empty.
“Ghosts,” Hayden whispered. “Oh,” he moaned, “please forgive us for trespassing in your house. Please. Please. Please. Pl-”
“Be quiet,” Ross said. “It’s not ghosts. Maybe a cat got in or-”
 A figure leapt down the stairs, arms up, teeth bared, and shrieked at them. Charlie screamed so loud, windows nearly shattered. Hayden fell backwards and nearly cracked his head on the kitchen floor. Ross brought the poker up but didn’t bring it down. Charlotte brought the chair down but it hit the poker and shattered into a hundred million different shards of delicate wood.
They all ducked and shielded their eyes, even the little figure at the foot of the stairs. And it was a little figure; a very little figure, wearing pink tights and a pink top and quaint little ballet shoes. The figure laughed and tossed her hair.
“You were all so scared!” she said and laughed again. She folded her arms and pointed at Hayden. She put on his voice. “Oh, please ghosts, please, don’t hurt us. Poltergeists.”
“Rosie!” Hayden snapped and got to his feet. He managed to grab her wrist before she slipped away. “What are you doing here? Has mum told you to fetch me?”
“No,” Rosie said and pulled her arm free of her big brother. She examined the pictures on the mantelpiece. “Ugly kids,” she said. “What’s this?” she picked up another poker from the rack. Hayden snatched it off her and took it back.
Ross and Charlotte looked at each other and rolled their eyes. Ross put his poker back. It was only Hayden’s little sister.
“How did you know we were here?” Hayden said.
“Der,” Rosie said and pushed passed him into the kitchen. “I heard you shouting it from the window. We’re going back to the old cottage! Oh cool! I’ll get my bike!” She started opening cupboards in the kitchens. “So I followed you. Is there any sweets here? I smell strawberry laces.” She left the cupboard doors hanging open and then opened the fridge. “This place is pretty cool, right?”
Hayden shut all the cupboard doors and the fridge and pushed Rosie aside.
“It’s our place,” he said. “You can go home.”
“No,” Rosie said and folded her arms, intending to stare him down. 
“I’ll kick you out then.”
“I’ll tell mum and she’ll kick you out.”
Ross, Charlotte and Charlie left them to argue and went back into the living room. They sat down by their discarded pokemon cards and sweets.
“I don’t think my heart will ever recover from that,” Charlie said and pushed her chest. “I think it knocked years off my life.”
“She must have been so quiet,” Charlotte said.
“Like a ninja,” Ross agreed and they all laughed.
“Oh cool, Pokemon cards,” Rosie said, coming into the living room. She sat down and began going through Ross’ folder. He tried to politely take it off her but she turned away. “Is it true you have a Charizard? Harry, in my class, he said you have. He heard him from his sister who is in year five and goes to tennis with a boy in year six.” She looked at Ross. “Your class. Is it true?”
“Yes. I-”
“Can I see?” She blinked up at him, “Pleeease?”
Ross sighed and took the folder off her. He flipped to the front (all his Pokemon cards were organised in number order and Charizard, at number 9, was at the front) and tapped it in its plastic wallet.
“Oh cool, no way,” Rosie said and brought the folder right up to her nose. “Shiny.” She looked up at Ross. “Can I take it out?”
“No.”
“How can I fight with it then?”
“We don’t fight with Charizard,” Hayden said and snatched the folder off his sister. Ross flinched at such brutal treatment and when Hayden handed it to him, he quickly put it away in his bag.
“Why not?” Rosie said. “Charizard is the best one.”
“Because it’d be too unfair,” Hayden said. “Move Rosie, I was sitting there.”
“And now I am. Can I have a strawberry lace? Thank you.”
“Charlie!” Hayden said and stamped his foot as Charlie handed her one. “Don’t...don’t...don’t encourage her.”
“It’s only a strawberry lace,” Charlie said.
Rosie, now sucking on the strawberry lace very loudly, blinked up at her brother and smiled. He kicked her.
“Go home, Rosie, no one wants you here.”
“Let’s watch a video,” Rosie said and pointed to the video rack.
“Yeah,” Charlie said. “I’d like to just sit and relax now. After all that excitement.”
“No!” Hayden said and stamped his foot. “Not with her here!”
“There’s nothing we can do about it,” Ross said and began gathering up the pokemon cards. “She’s right. She’ll just tell your mum.”
“That’s right.” Rosie bounced onto the sofa. “So you just like it, Mister.”
Hayden scowled and stormed out into the kitchen. Charlie, Charlotte and Rosie chose a video and Ross organised his pokemon cards in number order.
“Guys!” Hayden called from the kitchen.
“Yes?” Rosie called back.
“Not you, I meant my guys. You’re not the guys. Be quiet!”
“Ok.”
“I said shut up! Guys, other guys!”
“Yes?” Charlotte called.
“That man’s back. The one in the hedge.”
They all looked at each other, then scrabbled up and hurried into the kitchen. Hayden was crouched behind the curtain over the sink. They all joined him and peered out, onto the front drive. Sure enough, there were the same shoes and pair of legs, the same body and face, half hidden in the leaves, watching them.
“Who is it?” Charlie whispered. “Why is he just watching? Why isn’t he trying to report us?”
“Those trainers are really old as well,” Rosie said. “Like ancient.”
“Was there anyone out there when you came in?” Charlie asked her.
“Nope,” Rosie said. “I waited until I was sure no one was looking then came in. There was definitely nobody there.”
Charlotte waved slowly. Charlie pulled her hand away but then the figure in the bush slowly raised his own hand and waved back.
“Now he’ll think he can come in,” Charlie said and they all ducked out of sight beneath the worktop.
“I was trying to see if he was real or a dummy,” Charlotte said.
“What?”
“The way he stands there is so creepy. I thought he might just be an old scarecrow blown into the bushes.”
“Well, he’s definitely real and now he’s going to come in,” Charlie said.
“I know how to tell him to go away,” Rosie said.
She stood up. Hayden tried to pull her down but she kicked him off.
“Don’t open the window!” Ross said but he needn’t have worried. Rosie just drew the curtains closed, firmly and quickly, the hooks on the rail rattling with finality.
“There,” she said and looked down at the four of them huddling on the clean floor. “Now he knows we don’t want to talk to him and that he should just go away.”
“Good idea,” Ross said.
“Yeah, now go home,” Hayden said.
“She deserves to stay after that,” Charlie said and Rosie beamed. “That was cool.”
Hayden stamped his foot for the third time and muttered something about t being unfair but Rosie had won.
They went back into the living room. Ross finished packing up his pokemon cards and gave Hayden back his.
“Let’s watch this film,” Rosie said and held a case up. “Texas Chainsaw Massacre!”
“No,” Charlie said. “Oh my God! Let’s watch Titanic!”
“No,” Ross and Hayden said together.
“Lion King!” Rosie exclaimed.
“No,” Charlotte said. “Pulp Fiction.” She turned it over. “What’s this film about?”
“These people had a lot of weird videos,” Rosie said, flicking through the rest. “John Wayne, Dances With Wolves, Deep Throat, Taxi Driver, the Usual Suspects. Do you know who lived here?”
“We think it was old people,” Ross said. “We-” 
Something moaned in the house again. They all looked up, listening. The moan went on and on and one and then tapered into silence.
“What was that?” Rosie said.
“Just the old house,” Ross said.
“It sounded like someone in pain,” Rosie said.
“Well there’s no one here but us,” Charlotte said. “It must be the house.”
“Unless your friends have followed you,” Hayden said. “And they’re all hiding in the hall as well?”
“Oh that’d be so cool!” Rosie said. “Can I ring my friends and invite them round. Do they have a phone here?” She started searching eagerly for one but Hayden pushed her aside.
“No friends!” he said. “It’s bad enough having you here. This is our secret base.”
“When you all go home, I’ll invite my friends and then it’ll be our secret base.”
“We’ll never go home,” Hayden said. “We’ll sleep here.”
“With the ghosts?” Rosie said.
“There are no ghosts,” Ross said. “It’s just an old cottage. And old people used to live here.”
“Everything is old,” Charlotte said. “And old thing sometimes creak and stuff. Right, Ross?”
“Right,” Ross said. “Now let’s choose a film and stop messing about.”
He turned to the television and leapt into the air. Charlotte turned as well and gasped. Rosie gave a scream and Hayden didn’t even have the courage to clamp a hand over her mouth. There was a boy standing at the French windows. His sallow face was resting against the glass, his hands were cupped round his eyes to see through the sunlight.

Christian walked to school next day. His fosters still weren’t back. He was ok with that. He could cook his dinner, wash his uniform, get himself awake on time, pack his lunch and lock the house up. The good thing about having done everything was that everything came easy. He wasn’t the best at everything. If you’ve got that impression, it’s incorrect. He was statistically average at everything. Everything. At Keyton that made him the standout best in some areas but he knew at places like County High, where there were thirty kids in a class, average at everything would mean he was just that: average. Forgotten. School stuffing. If there was some sort of class where you had to tackle lots of subjects, he’d be exceptional because he could do everything, averagely. He ticked every box.
The sky was clear and the ground crisp as he walked in. His fosters lived just down from Naomi and she came out of her house and onto the road seconds before he did. He didn’t run up to talk to her for three reasons: number one, he liked to think in the mornings. Number two, he didn’t think she’d want to talk to him and number three, that strange man appeared just as she did and started walking in with her. They called him Captain Birdseye because his surname was Birdseye but he didn’t look anything like the man on the fish finger packets. He was tall and wore glasses and had a strange walk and strange, crooked face. He was always smiling and, a few weeks ago, his smile had revealed that he had one tooth missing, which Paul found hilarious. 
Christian thought he might have lost the tooth from being punched because there was a strange bruise around his jaw as well. He wondered who’d wanted to punch him. Perhaps if Naomi had had any brothers or her father was still around, they might have punched Birdseye for her. 
Paul called Birdseye Naomi’s fancy man. He’d started turning up at Keyton gates after school about a year ago and talking to the children as they came out. Marina had ignored him and Elijah had kept Felix fiercely away. Lizzy had told him to leave her alone and please not speak to her in the future. Naomi had chastised her for that and called Birdseye ‘just a lonely old man’. She spoke to him, or she did back then. As she came out of Keyton, he’d skip alongside her, as she walked with Lizzy and Haylock and Paul, and he’d ask, “hello, how was your day?” in his breathless voice, with his crooked smile. Naomi would reply, quite civilly and politely, with a smile of her own, “fine, thank you.” That was all. She was only polite, which, for Naomi at least, was very odd. Christian knew it was her bit of attention seeking. 
Birdseye had started hanging about the gates before school and at lunchtime. He’d asked Naomi her name and she’d told him and, from then on, she couldn’t get rid of him. She stopped smiling at him and gave one word answers and sometimes skipped over the back wall so she didn’t have to see him. Paul found it all hilarious and Lizzy said it was Naomi’s own fault for encouraging him. Christian didn’t know he’d found out where she lived. He wondered how long he’d been walking to school with her.
Up ahead, Naomi tucked her hair behind her ears and ducked her head, the same thing she did in class when Mr. Wilson picked her out for talking or getting answers wrong. She was uncomfortable. Christian sped up.
“Hey, Naomi,” he said and walked on her other side. She glanced at him and he was relieved to see that she was relieved. “Got your maths books today?”
“Yes,” Naomi hissed through her teeth. She rolled her eyes at Birdseye, who reached out a hand across Naomi.
“Steven Birdseye,” he said and gave his crooked smile. “I don’t think I know your name. I know Naomi’s.” He laughed. “We’re old friends.”
Naomi tucked her hair behind her ear again and cringed. Christian scowled and cleared his throat.
“Hurry up, Naomi,” he said. “Or we’re going to be late.”
They picked up speed.
“What time is your lunch today?” Birdseye asked, walking fast with them. “I can take you out for a sandwich if you want?”
“No, I’ve got detention this lunch time,” Naomi said as she kept stride with Christian.
“Maybe tomorrow.”
“Running club.”
“I go running too!” Birdseye said, trotting to keep up now. “I’ll come with you. Where do you go?”
“Paul!” Christian shouted and waved as the school gates as Paul came into sight. He was leaning on the wall, smoking. “Paul! Come over here!” Paul frowned at him and turned away, his hand cupped around the cigarette.
“He’s a naughty boy,” Birdseye said. He slowed as they approached the gates. “I guess I’ll see you tonight then, Naomi?”
“I’m at Christian’s tonight,” Naomi said and ducked into the gates, Christian a step behind her. 
“Maybe tomorrow?!” Birdseye called but then Naomi was at the back door to Keyton Manor and in another second she was inside. Christian glanced back at Birdseye. He was standing on the very threshold of the school, hand raised in goodbye. Paul was frowning at him.
“How long has he been walking in with you?” Christian asked, chasing Naomi up the stairs.
“Just today and yesterday,” she said.
“You should tell your mum or Mr. Wilson,” Christian said. “That’s not right. He’s like fifty. He should leave you alone.”
“Perhaps he’s just being nice,” Naomi said as they walked along the corridor to the classroom. “People can be nice, you know, Christian.”
“I think it’s creepy,” Christian said. “He’s been hanging around you for a year.”
“He might just be lonely,” Naomi said and they went into the classroom.
Lizzy was the only one in there, at the window, gazing down the drive.
“Birdseye followed you again!” she said as Naomi put her bag on the table. “You should tell the police. It’s getting too weird.”
“Shut up, both of you!” Naomi snapped. “It’s fine. He’s just talking.”
“No he’s not,” Lizzy said. “And fifty year old men shouldn’t be following school girls around. Even if it is to talk. That’s stalking.”
“It’s not stalking!”
“What else has he been doing?” Christian asked, looking from one to the other. “What?”
“Nothing,” Naomi said and roughly sat down. “Shut up!”
“Sending her letters and cards and stuff,” Lizzy said. “It’s sick.”
“What do the letters and cards say?”
“Nothing!” Naomi snapped. “Stay out of my business! Both of you! Lizzy, I wish I’d told you nothing!”
“Just asking her out for coffee and stuff and saying thanks for walking with him,” Lizzy said to Christian. “He hands them to her at the school gates. You need to go the police if he’s found out where you live.”
“Er, I think the police have other things to be worrying about!” Naomi said loudly. “Like, I dunno, the end of the world! You are so dumb, Lizzy. They’re not going to care about one lonely old man. No one is. Plus, it’s not weird. If I were a boy or if I were fifty, it’d be normal. Just socialising. But because I’m a young girl,” she threw her hands up in the air, “oh no! It’s stalking, harassment, call the police!”
“If you’re uncomfortable with it, you should make it stop,” Christian said.
Naomi scoffed and snorted and pushed her hair behind hear ears but said nothing.
“Have you spoken to Mr. Wilson yet?” Lizzy asked Christian.
“No,” Christian said and sat down at the desk a few seats along from Naomi. Something told him she definitely wouldn’t want to speak to him now.
“I think you should,” Lizzy said.
“Not now the world is ending, there’s no point,” Christian said. “The world ending solves it for me.”
“What if the world doesn’t end?” Lizzy said. Naomi scoffed again and muttered “dumb” under her breath. Lizzy ignored it. “Just speak to him, after class.”
“Speak to who about what?” Mr. Wilson said, coming in through the classroom door.
“Nothing,” Christian said but Naomi shouted loudly, “Christian has something he desperately wants to talk to you about, sir!”
Mr. Wilson looked at Christian and pushed his glasses up his nose. Christian shook his head but he was going red and he couldn’t hide that.
“I’ll be happy to speak to you in morning break,” he said.
Christian ducked his head so he couldn’t see Naomi pull a face at him. The rest of the class came in in drips and drabs. Paul was talking loudly to Haylock, who was smiling and laughing in all the right places. Pestell was scowling moodily next to them. Felix and Elijah came in together, then sat with Marina and Bailey and leant over what were no doubt plans to break into County High. Elijah and Felix were twelve year old soul mates. Christian didn’t know how else to describe them. They were just, Together. Made for each other. Elijah was really good at Chemistry and knew all the elements for the periodic table. It was quite frightening. Paul would sometimes shout out a random symbol in class and Elijah would know what element it corresponded to. Haylock affectionately called him Mr. Elements, E. Elements. Felix said it was only because he spent so much time staring at the table. Her inability to be amazed by her life time partner made Christian smile. She was impervious to his powers.
Mr. Wilson started off the day with some history.
“Isn’t it weird,” Ethan said loudly from the middle of the class as they were all doing a critical analysis of a picture form 18th century America. “This will never be history. People will never study us.”
“Kill joy,” Paul said and threw a balled up bit of paper at him. Marina hissed at him to be quiet.
“Quite right, Ethan,” Mr. Wilson said. “If the world does end on Thursday, this will never be studied. We shall be among the last humans on earth. That’s quite a statement, isn’t it.”
“With no one to make it to,” Ethan said. “There will never be anybody who wasn’t one of the last people on earth.”
“Be quiet,” Paul said. “Sir, shut him up, he’s really bringing me down. For someone so depressed all the time,” he said, turning in his seat to shout at Ethan, “you’re really sad the world is ending. I’d have thought it’d made you happy.”
“I wanted to see the world,” Ethan said in his morose, slow voice. “To live, that’s why I’m depressed. The end of the world means I’ll never do that.”
“You’re just pessimistic,” Paul said. “A glass half empty person. Nothing will ever cheer you up. If they announced that the world wasn’t going to end, that Thursday would be fine, you’d suddenly be depressed because you ate all your cookies,” Pestell grunted with laughter, “or something. You just love playing the sad sheep.”
“That’s enough, Paul,” Mr. Wilson said. He took his glasses off. “We’ll take break now. We’ll finish the picture after.”
Paul screwed up another piece of paper and threw it at Ethan, then he picked up his bag and sloped out, calling over his shoulder, “come on, Haylock.”
Haylock paused to offer some kind words to Ethan, who Christian was sure would ignore them because, well, because he was a sad sheep. He hung about until everyone was gone, Ethan going last and dragging his bag on the floor behind him, then approached Mr. Wilson’s desk.
“Yes, Christian?” Mr. Wilson asked and looked up at him.
“Oh, you, I said, you wanted to talk to me.”
“Oh right, right,” Mr. Wilson nodded and replaced his glasses. “Of course. What was this about?”
Christian fiddled with his tie.
“I only really wanted to talk to you before the announcement,” he said. “But, now the world is going to end, it doesn’t really matter. Lizzy said I should still talk to you anyway and then Naomi made a big fuss about it but really, now it’s not important.”
“You can tell me anyway,” Mr. Wilson said. “It might be therapeutic to get it off your chest, even if it means nothing.”
“It’s nothing I’ve done wrong,” Christian said. “It was a worry I had.”
“What worry?”
“Well, you know I can do everything?”
“I know you have a great aptitude for a lot of subjects and tasks.”
“Right and you know how I never get in trouble and never fight or anything?”
“You get on well with everyone in class, yes, even Paul.”
“And I don’t cause you or Miss. Atherton trouble?”
“No, you really are a wonderful student. What is this about, Christian?”
Mr. Wilson peered up at him and Christian took a deep breath.
“I was worried, last week because I’ve done everything. I can do everything, I can talk to anyone, get on with anyone, there’s nothing I don’t know, there’s nothing I want to know that I don’t already know. I feel, complete. I feel like I have a soul and it is complete.” Mr. Wilson continued to stare at him, his hands folded over his chest as he leaned back in his chair. “I have left this plain,” Christian said, pointing at the floor. “It sounds stupid but it’s how I feel. It’s like, everyone else is going at twenty five miles per hour and I’m going at seventy. I’m done, finished, over, I’ve transcended. This is all too easy. Before the world ending announcement came, I just thought, I’m fifteen years old, what am I supposed to do for the next eighty years? And I was going to ask you. But,” he shrugged, “now the world is ending. It doesn’t matter. I’m complete and soon the world will be too.”
“Is this what was bothering you last week?” Mr. Wilson asked. “You seemed very morose when we were discussing splitting those jaffa cakes Elijah found.”
“Once you’ve wished for death, jaffa cakes become very trivial,” Christian said but he was smiling.
“You’ve wished for death?” Mr. Wilson asked.
“No. I’ve wished for the game to finish. I’ve completed it, why can’t it finish?” He shrugged again. “And now it is.”
“Your soul is ready for death,” Mr. Wilson said. “That must be a very secure thought. Some people live until they’re eighty and don’t feel like that.”
“No, I do feel...secure,” Christian said.
“What about your classmates?” Mr. Wilson asked. “Do you think they feel as secure?”
Christian thought in silence.
“Probably not. Especially not Ethan and...” he thought of Naomi and Birdseye, how she didn’t like him, how uncomfortable he made her. Her life was far from complete and secure. 
“Maybe it’s good you came to me now,” Mr. Wilson said and stood up. “Just because the world is ending doesn’t mean I would have given you a different answer.”
Christian looked at him.
“What is your answer?” he said.
“You’re complete,” he said. “You’ve transcended.” He smiled. “Can’t you work it out for yourself?”
Christian nodded. He could.


Chapter Five:
“Oh! It’s a ghost!” Hayden cried. His legs gave way and he sank to his knees on the floor. Charlie leapt onto the sofa. Ross, Rosie and Charlotte stared back at the boy. He hadn’t moved at all; not even to smile or to wave or to let them know that he knew they knew he was there.
“W w what should we do?” Charlotte said. “Does he live here?”
“If he lived here, he’d come straight in,” Ross said.
“Maybe he’s seeing if it’s empty, like we did.” Charlotte said. “Maybe he thinks we’re ghosts.”
They all stared back at the boy, who still hadn’t move or blinked or taken his cupped hands from his eyes. Charlotte’s heart rate was starting to return to normal. She was still frozen in place, and she was unsure if she would ever be able to move again, but the boy seemed unthreatening and he was just a boy. Not an adult. If he said anything or tried to get them in trouble, she could take him. She raised a hand to wave.
“Don’t!” Hayden screamed.
“It’s the same person from the hedge,” Charlie said, her face half hidden behind a sofa cushion.
“How do you know?” Ross said.
“Shoes.” Charlie pointed. “Rosie said they were old. They were the same shoes.”
“So he’s been spying on us!” Hayden spat, outraged.
“We’ve broken into a house,” Charlie said. “We can’t take the moral high ground here.”
“I know who it is!” Rosie said.
They all looked at her.
“How do you know who it is?” Hayden asked. He glared at her. “You don’t know anything.”
“I know who that is,” she said again and nodded at the window.
“Who?” Hayden said. Rosie just folded one arm across her front and put her finger to her lips, smiling at him.
“Rosie,” Ross said softly. He turned away from the boy and the window and looked at her. “Who is it?”
Rosie took her finger away from her lips and pointed at the boy. They all looked. He was still peering in, hands cupped around his face, his eyes moving from one face to the next.
“It’s Michael Webb,” Rosie said. “His sister is in my class.”
“Michael Webb!” Charlie groaned. “Oh no, close the window.”
“I bet his family live here,” Charlotte said. “Like squatters.” They all giggled, except Ross, who was staring back at Michael Webb. “I bet there’s loads of them in the garage,” Charlotte carried on. “He has about nineteen brothers and sisters.”
They all laughed again, except Ross.
“Tell him to go away,” Hayden said. “Shut the curtains. If he comes in, all the mice will come back.”
“I think we should let him in,” Ross said.
“What?” the others all cried.
“No!” Hayden said. “He’s such a skank.”
“A pikey,” Charlie embellished.
“A gypo!” Charlotte cried.
“I’ve seen him pick coins up off the floor,” Hayden said. “Just coppers and stuff. Not even real money.”
“He can probably hear you all through the glass, you know,” Rosie said. 
“I don’t care,” Hayden said and reached for the curtain. “I don’t want him in here with us.”
Ross pushed his hand out of the way.
“Let’s let him in,” he said. “In two days, the world ends. It doesn’t matter. Right, Charlotte?”
He looked at Charlotte, she pulled a face. No one liked Michael Webb. He was in their class at school. He never washed his hair, his fingernails were always really dirty, as was his school uniform, which was a few sizes too small for him and very faded. The cuffs and hems had holes in and he always wore scuffed white trainers, instead of proper black shoes. The teachers always sent notes home about it but he never changed them and, after a few years, they stopped bothering. If anyone else came in wearing trainers though, their parents were sent a letter about poor school uniform and, if the problem persisted, the trainers got confiscated.
“It’s not fair,” Harry Jacobs said when his new Nike shoes got taken away a few weeks before. “Michael Webb always gets to wear trainers and no one says anything.”
“Michael Webb is a special case,” the teacher said and put Harry Jacobs brand new, brilliantly white and glistening Nike trainers in her cupboard. She shut the door and locked it. 
That made people like Michael Webb even less. He never spoke to anyone and sat on his own in the corner of the classroom. Charlotte had once seen his work; he wasn’t very good at writing, or spelling, or maths, and he still read the yellow sticker books that the Reception children read. He was an Idiot. He still wrote with pencil as well; the teachers hadn’t given him a Berol Handwriting Pen yet, probably because he’d steal it, Harry Jacobs said. Michael Webb’s dad had left when he was a baby, Max, who lived next door to the Webbs, said. Charlotte couldn’t work this out because Michael had loads and loads of brothers and sisters, all younger than him. There was a Webb in every class from year six to Reception and a couple more at home who weren’t old enough to start attending yet. His was a ‘skanky family’, as Harry Jacobs said, and if any girls spoke to Michael Webb in school, everyone else would start saying he was her boyfriend, sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G. If any boys spoke to Michael Webb, they were skanks as well, so everyone just left him alone. 
“His sister still can’t read,” Rosie said and folded her arms. “And she wets herself.”
“He’s not coming in here and wetting himself,” Charlie said and immediately started giggling.
“You know he doesn’t wet himself,” Ross said. “He’s in our class.”
“He might. He always smells like he does,” Charlie said.
“I’m letting him in,” Ross said.
“No!” everyone else cried.
“I’m leader and I say yes,” Ross said.
“Everyone else in the group votes no,” Hayden said. “So it’s a no.”
“We haven’t voted at all,” Ross said.
“Let’s vote now,” Charlie said. “Who wants to let him in?”
Ross raised his hand and, after a pause, so did Charlotte. Charlie gave a cry of alarm.
“The world ends in two days,” Charlotte said, by way of explanation.
“You just side with Ross,” Hayden said. “So that’s two for and two against.”
“Three for,” Rosie said. “I vote with Ross and Charlotte.”
“You don’t get to vote,” Hayden said.
“I’m here, so I do.”
“Three to two,” Ross said. He touched index fingers with Charlotte and then, after a pause, Rosie. Hayden rolled his eyes. Ross grimaced and reached forward for the French windows.
“I’m letting him in.”
He opened the doors and Michael Webb took his hands from his face and stepped back. Warm winter sunshine slid in as Ross pushed the door open and they all smelt the flowers in the overgrowing garden.
“Hello, Michael,” Ross said. “Would you like to come in?”
Michael Webb blinked at all of them but didn’t move. Ross stepped back and beckoned Michael Webb in and Michael Webb stepped into the house. Charlie squealed and dived off the sofa so he wouldn’t come near her. Charlotte noticed Michael Webb was wearing his school uniform and trainers. She’d never seen him in home clothes.
“Do you know who lives here?” Ross said and shut the French windows. Michael Webb just stood by the sofa, staring around. “We thought it was empty so we came in. There’s no one here. We were just going to watch a video.”
Behind Ross, Hayden gathered up all the sweets and put them in his pocket. Charlie giggled and went to stand beside him. They started whispering together behind their hands. The others ignored them.
“Come and sit down,” Rosie said. She sat on the sofa and patted a cushion beside her. “I’m in class with your sister Denise. She’s very good at running.”
Michael Webb sat down beside her and put his dirty hands on his dirty, grass stained knees.
“What video would you like to watch?” Ross asked and pointed at the shelf. “We can’t decide.”
Charlotte hesitated, then sat on Michael Webb’s other side. Harry Jacobs said he smelt like wet shoes and that made everyone laughed but, sitting beside him, Charlotte discovered that he didn’t smell like wet shoes. He didn’t really smell of anything, except maybe unwashed hair but then lots of kids, even Harry Jacobs sometimes, smelt like that. She began to lighten up. Hayden and Charlie had moved away and were laughing behind their hands, gobbling all the sweets and pointing at Michael Webb. He ignored them totally and watched as Ross showed him the videos. Charlotte guessed he’d put up with the whole class doing that to him since Reception.
“Jungle Book!” Rosie said when Ross pulled that video out. “Jungle Book! Jungle Book! Jungle Book!”
“I haven’t seen that in ages,” Charlotte said. She took the case off Ross. “I used to love this film.”
“Jungle Book then?” Ross said, looking at Michael Webb. He was looking at the case but he didn’t say anything.
Charlotte took the cassette out and handed it to Ross, who put it in the VCR. Then she handed the case to Michael Webb.
“You ever seen it?” she asked. He took the case and slowly shook his head, turning it over in his hands.
“Don’t have a T.V.,” he said.
“It’s about this boy who grows up in the jungle,” Rosie said before Charlotte could think of a response; No T.V.?! What? “And all the animals are his friends, except Sheerkahn, the tiger, who wants to eat him. And Bagheera, he’s a panther, he wants Mowgli, that’s the boy, to go and live in the village, not the jungle, with the men but Mowgli doesn’t want to go.”
“Let’s just watch it,” Ross said and turned the T.V. on. He sat on Rosie’s other side. “Hayden, Charlie, you watching Jungle Book?”
He turned. They’d gone from the corner of the room. Ross sighed and rolled his eyes.
“Are they in the kitchen?” he said and pressed the ‘Play’ button.
“I’ll go and see.”
Charlotte got up and moved into the kitchen. It was empty. She stuck her head into the hall. Hayden and Charlie’s bikes were gone from the mantelpiece.
“They’ve left!” she shouted. She was filled with sudden and hot anger. How dare they? How dare they sneak off like that? As though they were better than the rest of them, as though the secrets were all theirs. “I’m going to get them back!” Charlotte shouted and grabbed her bike. 
She kicked the front door open and wheeled it outside. Hayden and Charlie were just the other side of the fence. Charlie squealed when she saw Charlotte dragging her bike out.
“Quick!” Hayden shouted, laughing. “Pedal, Charlie, pedal!”
Charlie jammed her foot down on her pedal and her foot slipped. Charlotte leapt on her bike and raced furiously up the drive. Hayden started off down the road, shouting, and Charlie managed to follow just as Charlotte reached the gate.
“Cycle, cycle, cycle!” Hayden shouted, still laughing.
“Charlotte’s coming and she’s got the lurgee!” Charlie laughed. “She touched Michael Webb!”
Fresh anger burst in Charlotte’s veins. Her blood boiled black and she clenched her teeth and fists around the handlebars, urging her legs to pedal, faster, faster, faster. How dare they? They were supposed to all be friends, a gang. Hadn’t they both been too scared to go into the house? Hadn’t she and Ross had to look after them? And not just in the cottage but always. In the orchard, going over the fences into the farmer’s field, the time they climbed the tractor. And now they dared run away, they dared act as though Ross and Charlotte were the sickly ones. 
She caught up with Charlie first and she squealed and slammed her brakes on. Her bike skidded and she nearly fell off. Charlotte left her in the gutter and pedalled a few more furious strides to Hayden. She took her hands off her handlebars and grabbed the back of his jacket, then pulled him viciously off his bike. He swung round, lost control, and then both he and bike ended up in the gutter beside Charlie.
“Ow,” he said.
“What are you playing at?” Charlotte demanded. She slammed her brakes on and then dismounted her bike and pushed it over so they could see how angry she was. It clattered into the road and Charlie and Hayden both glanced at it, all ghosts of their smiles gone. “Hayden, give me those sweets!” Hayden obediently put his hands in his pockets and pulled out all the sweets. He handed them up to Charlotte, who flung them over the fence. “They’re Ross’ sweets anyway,” she said as the strawberry laces unravelled in the air like twisting pink worms, then vanished over the fence. 
“Guys!”
They turned. Ross was pedalling up the road, Rosie riding on the back of his bike. She jumped off before he reached them and raced over to her brother, still lying in the gutter. She gave him a big kick.
“You are so mean!” she said. “You’re bullies!”
“Why did you run out like that?” Ross said. “Did you think you were too cool to sit in there with Michael Webb?”
“No,” Hayden said and sat up in the gutter.
“But he is a skank,” Charlie said. “We never sit with him at school. Why should we have to here?”
“I don’t even really care if they did leave because they didn’t want to sit with Michael Webb,” Charlotte said. “That’s fair enough. I care that you didn’t even tell us! Me and Ross, your friends. You just took all the sweets and ran off. That’s so stupid. You are such stupid little kids. After all the adventures we’ve had. We’ve always stuck together. Then you think you’re better than us and just run off!”
“We don’t think we’re better than you,” Hayden said.
“You cycled pretty fast when I came out of the house,” Charlotte said. “And you,” she glared at Charlie, “said I had the lurgee.”
Charlie hung her head.
“We’re sorry,” Hayden said.
“Shake hands and make up,” Rosie commanded.
They ignored her because, at that moment, they heard a shout from up the street. They all turned. Ross’ mother was waddling down the road towards them. She was very short and squat. Charlotte often used to puzzle over the shape of her woman. She thought that when they came to bury her, her coffin would be the shape of a perfect cube with six identical faces.
“Ross!” his mother screamed. “You said you’d be in forty minutes ago!”
“I got to go!” Ross panted. He kicked his bike and started pedalling towards his mother. “Hopefully I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“You get out of here as well!” Ross mother shouted, waving her hands at the rest of them, gathered around the gutter. “Before I tell your parents that you’re playing in the road.”
They waited just long enough to see Ross reach her and watch as she grabbed the scruff of his collar and shake him, then they all scurried away, back to their own houses.

They got to Grace and Oliver’s house at about three o’clock in the morning and slept on the sofas in the living room. Grace awoke as soon as the sun rose and went into the kitchen to make breakfast. Sebastian woke up a few minutes later and he stood in the kitchen and watched as Grace fried some eggs and bacon.
“So, what’s the plan now?” he asked.
“We go straight to Kieran’s house,” she said, “once we’ve eaten. I want to hear the story from him first, about what really happened.”
“Then what?”
“If it’s as bad as I think it might be we’ll just smash up his room,” Grace said, matter of factly. “Then get him to tell us where the others live.”
“You’ll think he’ll let us in?”
“If we knock and say it’s about Richard then probably. Hopefully. If not, we’ll just have to break our way in.” She turned the hob off and began to separate the eggs and bacon onto three different plates. “And then it will be much worse for him.”
They woke Oliver and ate together. Grace made them eat everything (“a good, hearty breakfast”) and then drink a glass of water each.
“I can’t drink all this,” Oliver said. “I’m still tired. I barely slept.”
“If you want to come, you have to,” Grace said. “We need lots of food and drink or we might not have the energy.”
“To do what?” Oliver said and sipped a bit more of his drink.
“To make them pay,” Grace said. She set down her empty glass. “We take nothing with us,” she said. “We might need to make a quick exit.”
As they were stepping outside, Oliver moping, his head down, the phone rang. They all looked at it.
“Ignore it,” Grace said. She shut the door on the shrill sound and cut it dead at once. She put the key in her pocket. “We’re too far gone now.”
She led the way to Kieran’s house. It was only a few streets away. A frost had come down hard in the night and turned the fragments of snow and sleet to hard ice. They slipped and slid about on the pavements and in the middle of the empty roads. All was silence. The lack of people about made Sebastian feel nervous. He didn’t know why. They passed closed curtains, locked cars, empty garages and parks. He tried to reason with himself: if they were going to make Kieran pay, he wouldn’t want the streets busy, would he? It would be much harder to get away with it. The isolated little houses though, the absent village, still made his heart quail. What if Kieran tried to make them pay? Who would help them?
They reached Kieran’s house and Grace strode purposefully up the steps and rang the bell. No one answered. She knocked hard on the door. Nothing. Oliver, red cheeked and more alert after the cold walk, looked in through a window.
“I can’t see anything,” he said.
Grace knocked louder, hammering on the door over and over and over again. Then she held her finger on the doorbell.
“I don’t think they’re in,” Sebastian said.
“That’s life,” Oliver said. “That’s what-”
“Check the garage,” Grace said sharply. “Is there a car in there?”
Oliver eagerly ran to the garage door and, with Sebastian’s help, turned the handle and pushed it open. Grace surveyed the inside. There was no car.
“They might have gone shopping,” Oliver said. “Or gone to visit relatives, or gone for a party like we did.” His eyes were bright and fascinated. “They might be gone ages. Grace,” he looked at her, “maybe he doesn’t need to be here for us to pay him back.”
“I wanted to hear the story though,” Grace said thoughtfully.
“What do you mean?” Sebastian asked Oliver.
Oliver said nothing. He went into the garage and lifted up a can of paint. The lid was stuck fast but Sebastian got a screwdriver from the side and prized it open. Thick, ancient, out of date paint glooped about inside. Oliver looked at Grace, his eyes shining.
“Look at this,” Sebastian said. He picked up a can of spray and shook it, then sprayed the garage counter. Black paint came spitting out, leaving a long, thick trail. He looked at Grace.
“Maybe Oliver is right: maybe we don’t need him.”
“How will we find the others though,” Grace said; she was biting her lip but she held out her hand and Sebastian handed her the spray, “without Kieran telling us who they were?”
“Do you know their names?”
“No. I-” Grace clicked her fingers and her eyes sparked. “No, but a couple of the parents made comments to the papers. About their sons being with Richard right before he died. We could check the phonebook and find out where they live from that.”
“Good idea.” 
Grace handed back the spray paint and Sebastian shook it and sprayed the counter again.
“Save it for the house,” Grace said. She turned and stood, silhouetted in the garage doorway. “You’re right, Oliver, this is how we pay him back.”
Oliver took the paint and Sebastian took the spray can to the front of the house. Grace stood and watched, her arms folded.
“What do we do?” Oliver said, staring up at the windows.
“Just do whatever,” Grace said.
Sebastian shook the can again and sprayed the ground floor windows with thick black swirls. Oliver glanced at him and then at his sister. His face was open and excited. He drew the paint can back and then sloshed old paint on the front door. He laughed, then went along and did the front walls and the windows. Seeing him recklessly splashing the paint with such an anarchist’s flare made Sebastian branch out. He spray painted swear words and rude signs and then, when the can ran empty, he flung it at the window. The glass smashed and the can tumbled into the house. Sebastian was suddenly glad there was no one about; that had made a lot of noise. He looked around. Grace was smiling. The empty street stood behind her. Sebastian felt a surge of independence, of spirit and bravery, when he saw no irate neighbours or police, just Grace, backing him up. He could do anything.
Behind him, Oliver threw the paint can at the house and smashed another window. Grace picked up some stones and threw them at the upper floors. They smashed the windows, one after the other; Grace had such a good aim. Sebastian ran back to the garage and Oliver followed. They got some packs of toilet paper off the fridge, no doubt kept there because of their bulk, put away by Kieran’s mum one evening as she came in from shopping, not having any idea about who would be taking hold of them next and what their intentions would be. Oliver found another can of spray paint and started spraying the garage as Sebastian tore open the packs of toilets rolls, unwound some of the tissue and began throwing it over the house. It was gloriously good fun. Sebastian felt no fear of repercussions or consequences. And besides, they were doing it for the boy killed on the tracks.
“Here,” Grace said and held out her hand for the spray can. Oliver handed it to her, his face flushed, his smile huge. Grace shook it madly to get all the paint inside moving and then she stepped forward and began to write something in big, black letters over the front door. Out of respect, Sebastian stopped throwing tissue paper. He and Oliver stepped back and stood, side by side, to watch what she wrote. When she was done, she threw the can through the broken window and succeeded in smashing something inside; a heavy tinkling crash met their ears.
“Murderer of Richard Heath,” Sebastian read. “Nice touch, Grace.”
Grace nodded. She turned, her eyes on fire.
“Right,” she said and put her hands on her hips. Sebastian and Oliver stood to attention, politely waiting further instructions. They were out of breath. Sebastian didn’t feel like he’d exerted much energy doing that but he was panting nonetheless. He could feel the cold hair on his hot cheeks and wiped his forehead with his sleeve. “We got Kieran back,” Grace said. “Now for the others.”
Christian found it hard to concentrate for the rest of the day, even in Miss. Atherton’s cooking class. They were making Swiss roll. Miss Atherton seemed sad today for some reason. She didn’t act sad, she seemed sad. There was a subtle difference but Christian could pick up on it. He wondered if maybe she was sad because the world was ending.
Mr. Wilson came and watched from the kitchen doorway and he smiled at Miss Atherton and she smiled back. They didn’t talk to each other very much, which was unusual, being the only two teachers in the school and everything. Christian smiled at Mr. Wilson, too, and he waved back.
“Mine’s on fire!” Paul shouted. “Miss! Miss! Mine’s on fire!”
Miss Atherton rushed over to help and Mr. Wilson left the doorway. Christian, mixing his cream filling, watched him go passed the windows. He watched Miss Atherton all the way and Christian smiled to himself.
He couldn’t make everyone in the world ready for death, that would be impossible, and, as a boy who had done everything, he knew what was impossible and what was not. All he could do was make those around him ready for the end, as ready for the end as he himself was.
He made sure his Swiss roll was as perfect as it could be and then, instead of eating it like everyone else was doing, he wrapped it up in tin foil and wrote a little message on a sticky label.
At afternoon break, Elijah, Felix, Marina and Bailey sat and worked on their plans for County High in the classroom. It was cold outside that day and only Paul wanted to go outside, so that he could stand by the pond and pretend to smoke. Haylock stood with him for a bit, then went inside with Pestell, and Paul moodily followed. 
Christian left the classroom, Swiss roll in hand, went down the stairs and along to the corridor to the door that led to the garage. There was nothing in the garage but old shoes and a broken fridge but Christian knew it was where Ethan liked to spend his time alone.
He knocked on the door and then pushed it open. Ethan was sitting on the cold floor, underneath the bare garage bulb. He looked even paler and frailer down here than he normally did. He scowled at Christian.
“What?” he asked. “Break time’s not over yet.”
“I know,” Christian said. “I came to spend it with you.”
Ethan’s scowl deepened. Christian quickly offered the Swiss roll.
“I made mine for you,” he said. “It’s your birthday January 31st isn’t it? I thought, we won’t all be here for that. So I thought I’d make this for your birthday and we could celebrate it now.”
Christian was being deliberately stupid and sounding deliberately pathetic. He didn’t mind. He had to appear vulnerable or else Ethan would think it was a joke. He was still holding out the Swiss roll. Ethan hadn’t taken it. He turned away and sighed.
“On your birthday,” he said, staring at the garage door, “you are nearest yourself. Your very soul is palpable and its disposition becomes evident to you. My soul is desperately unhappy and so, on my birthdays, I am desperately unhappy. I am lost, alone and utterly pointless.” He looked at Christian. “If I’m glad about anything for the world ending, it’s that I will never have to have a birthday ever again.”
“Oh. Right.” Christian wouldn’t give up though. He sat down beside Ethan and unwrapped the Swiss roll. “You can have a bit though anyway,” he said.
“No, thanks. I had some of mine and it was horrible.” Christian took a deep breath. “You don’t have to sit with me, you know,” Ethan said. “Has Mr. Wilson told you to?”
“No.”
“Do you feel sorry for me or something, now that the world is ending, you want to make it right by being nice?”
“I’ve always been nice to you.”
“But you’ve never sat in here with me.”
“That’s because I thought you came here to get away.”
“So why are you here now?”
He looked at Christian. He had very dark hair but very pale eyes. They were quite penetrating. Christian cleared his throat and dusted his hands down.
“I need your help.” Ethan scoffed but Christian persisted. “The world is going to end Thursday, we all know this and I just want my friends to be happy and complete. I want them to go out feeling... perfect.”
“This world is incomplete and imperfect,” Ethan said. “So your life can’t be complete or perfect either. We’re all doomed, by the very nature of our existence, to die unsatisfied.”
“Ok, well I’m still going to give it a go, anyway.”
“I don’t want to be made to feel complete by any scheme you devise,” Ethan said. “If I can’t do it myself, I’m not worth anything.”
“I’m not talking about making your life complete,” Christian said. “I’m asking for your help in helping someone else.”
Ethan frowned but his pale eyes brightened.
“Who?”
“Naomi.”
Ethan rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“She is repulsive,” he said and almost spat the word out. “She is so cruel. She gets joy from tormenting others.”
Christian thought that was a bit extreme. 
“She’s being stalked by Captain Birdseye,” he said. “Did you know that?”
“I’ve seen him hanging about,” Ethan said and put his nose in the air.
“He’s found out where she lives and has started following her to and from school,” Christian said. “I think, what with the end of the world approaching and there being no repercussions or consequences, that this is quite dangerous.” Ethan said nothing. “I think Naomi is scared,” Christian continued, “so I want to find Birdseye and tell him to leave her alone. That’s all. Tell him to back off, that we protect Naomi and she doesn’t want to see him ever again.”
“Why should I help that witch?” Ethan asked. “All she’s ever done is make fun of me and berate me and laugh at me and call me names.”
“Because we’re Keyton and we stick together,” Christian said. “She might have been a bully but this is more than that. This is the last days of her life, perhaps the eternity of her soul.” Ethan looked at him carefully as he said this. “We have to save her. We have to make sure, at six o’clock this Thursday, that she is happy and free and ready to go and not haunted by that man.”
“Why me?” Ethan asked. “Why did you ask me to help you and not Haylock or Elijah or one of the others?”
“Because you’re the most level headed,” Christian lied. “And I don’t think you’re a coward. Not that the others aren’t or are. I just wanted someone who I didn’t have to coach. When we find Birdseye, you’ll know how to act, right? What to say? For Naomi.”
Ethan rolled his eyes and unfolded then refolded his arms.
“So, what’s your plan?” he asked after a while.
“After school, we find Birdseye,” Christian said. “Today.”
Ethan took a bit of Swiss roll and nodded.
At the end of school, when Mr. Wilson took his glasses off and closed his book, Christian was glad to see Ethan get quickly to his feet. He left the room swiftly and Christian followed him. They passed Miss Atherton coming up the stairs.
“Good night, boys,” she said.
“Nice, Miss. Atherton,” Christian replied but Ethan said nothing.
In the doorway, Ethan stopped and turned.
“I saw him at the gate about ten minutes ago,” he said. “Birdseye. He was hanging about again.”
Christian looked down the drive. There was no one there.
“Which way did he go?”
“That way?” Ethan pointed. “Towards town.”
“Do you fancy running after him?” Christian asked.
Ethan’s face almost betrayed a smile. Then he shrugged and turned away.
“Whatever,” he said.
Christian smiled.
“Come on then.”
They ran down the drive and vaulted the front wall. Paul called something after them, some derogatory, air headed insult, but neither stopped. Christian hoped Ethan was enjoying himself. He thought he was. He was sure of it. Or else, he wouldn’t be running so fast, right?
On the corner of the next street, right before the Tesco, they saw Birdseye, loping along. His strange walk gave him away and both Ethan and Christian skidded to a stop. They watched him. He was dallying about on the corner of the street, looking back the way they had come, no doubt wondering where Naomi was on her walk.
“He’s such a creep,” Ethan muttered and Christian took this as a good sign.
Birdseye turned and began to walk up the steps to Tesco. Christian beckoned Ethan to follow him. Keeping low, they tailed Birdseye up the steps and into the store. Above them, the evening sky was a luminous blue. Christian had never seen it that colour before, especially not at this time of day. It was a strange blue, beautiful, but ominous. It looked like the blue of an inner flame in a fire, flickering and electric. It sent shivers down Christian’s spine.
Everyone coming in and out of the store didn’t seem bothered by it. They were conducting themselves in a nice, calm, organised fashion. There were no broken windows, no smashed cars, no bins or sections of the building on fire. There were no cashiers either but that wasn’t a problem. People filled up their trolleys, followed their lists, ticking the items off as they found them on the depleted shelves, and then took their goods straight outside, bypassing the checkouts altogether. No one seemed to care. Christian saw some employees still in Tesco uniform doing this. There was none of the mass panic of the cities. 
Christian was surprised at how busy the store was. It reminded him of the time he had come on Christmas Eve one year and found the store packed, every aisle filled with throbbing shoppers and over laden trolleys. He couldn’t believe that people had nothing better to do on Christmas Eve than go shopping. Why weren’t they at home with family? Why hadn’t they done this shopping days ago? 
“There he is,” Ethan said and nodded to Birdseye. He was looking through the papers; they were a couple of days old. When he’d satisfied himself there, he moved into the canned good aisle and took a folded Bag For Life out of his pocket. He began filling it up with things from the shelf. It was still odd, seeing someone steal, even when stealing was the accepted practice. Ethan and Christian watched him.
“Let’s go,” Christian said. “Be mature, polite and firm.”
“You don’t need to coach me,” Ethan said and this time he did smile. Only a little twitch at the corners of his mouth but it was a great relief to see.
“Hello, Mr. Birdseye,” Christian said and stopped behind him, Ethan at his side. 
Birdseye turned and blinked at them with his small, watery eyes. He smiled. Christian tried not to be distracted by the missing tooth.
“Boys,” he said, “from Keyton Manor School. You’re Christian,” he said, “Naomi’s friend. I thought she was going round your house tonight?”
“Change of plan,” Christian said.
“And what’s your name?” Birdseye asked Ethan. He held out the hand that wasn’t holding the bag. “Steven Birdseye, I’m a good friend of your school mate, Naomi.”
Ethan folded his arms and said nothing.
“That’s what we wanted to talk to you about,” Christian said. “Naomi.”
“Oh yes,” Birdseye put the bag down and folded his own arms as well. “Naomi is a good friend of mine.”
“She’s not,” Ethan said firmly and Birdseye’s eyes darted to him.
“Right,” Christian said and made Birdseye’s eyes snap back to him. “You know that. She is very uncomfortable with you following her about and sending her letters. We’d like to ask you to stop.”
Birdseye smiled and the gaping hole in his teeth looked excessively black and ominous. It clashed with his clothes. He didn’t dress like a slob. He wore polo shirts and clean jeans, polished boots. He looked respectable, which was worse than looking like a slob, but then he had the great big gap in his front teeth.
“Oh, I had no idea I was causing her discomfort,” he said but he was still smiling. “Should I drop by her house tonight and see if she’s alright?”
“No!” both boys said.
“Just leave her,” Ethan said. “Don’t follow her or make contact with her again. Stop hanging about the school gates. That’s it, no more.”
Birdseye winked at him.
“What did you say your name was?” he asked.
“That doesn’t matter,” Christian said. “Do we have your word that you’ll leave her alone?”
“Oh yes, boys,” Birdseye said and picked up the bag. He waggled his fingers at them in a wave. “You have my word.”
He left the aisle, skipping passed the checkouts and heading out of the store. Christian and Ethan watched him until he vanished out of sight, down the steps he’d come up.
“I hope we haven’t made it worse,” Christian said.


Chapter Six:
The next day, Charlotte hesitated before calling for Hayden and Charlie. She was still annoyed at them for running off and trying to get the better of her and Ross. She cycled about in the lane behind her house before going to Ross’ house.
“He’s not coming out today or tomorrow!” his mother snapped at her through the crack in the door. “Not after yesterday.” Charlotte heard Ross’ voice of protest in the hall behind her. His mother turned from Charlotte and snapped some angry words to him, then wheeled back to push her face through the crack in the door. “The world ends tomorrow!” she snapped. “And he should be here with me and his family, not you and the other children. I suggest you go back to your own family. Goodbye!”
She slammed the door in Charlotte’s face. Charlotte tried throwing stones up to Ross’ window. She was quite a good shot. She picked the good sized stones- not big pebbles, or they might smash the glass, but smaller, penny shaped chippings- and hurled them up to tap on Ross’ window. She hoped he’d come out and climb down the gutter like they did in the movies. Unfortunately, Ross’ mother opened that window too.
“I said go away!” she called down. Charlotte could hear Ross’ voice of protest again from within his room now. “Ross! Isn’t! Coming! Out!” his mother shouted down and then slammed the window.
Charlotte pulled a face, grabbed her bike and cycled to Charlie’s.
“Coming out?” she asked when Charlie opened the door. Charlie nodded and came outside, her head bowed, still, rightly, chastised after her behaviour from the day before. She got her bike from the side of the house and they cycled over to Hayden’s.
“Ross can’t come out,” Charlotte said to break the silence as they pedalled. “His mum practically has him under house arrest. I tried throwing stones up to his window and everything.”
“The end of the world’s going to come and Ross isn’t going to be there?” Charlie said.
“I know.”
“That’s not right,” Charlie said, her voice low and miserable.
“I know.”
They knocked for Hayden and he answered the door. He looked happy and energetic, overjoyed that Charlotte had still called for him after his behaviour the previous day.
“Let me just get my bike!” he said and hurried back into the house.
Rosie appeared in the hallway, dressed in a pink skirt and sparkly top.
“Are you going back to the cottage?” she asked. Charlotte and Charlie nodded. “Oh good,” Rosie said. She put her shoes on. “I’ll come too. Can I ride with you, Charlotte?”
“I guess,” Charlotte said and shifted along her bike as Rosie came bouncing out. She climbed onto the seat and put her hands on Charlotte’s shoulders, her back straight and regal, like she was a queen upon a sedan chair. Hayden froze in the hallway, bike half in and half out of the door, when he saw her.
“What’s she doing there?” he asked. “She’s not coming.”
“If you don’t let me come now, I’ll only come later,” Rosie said. “Save yourself the trouble.”
Hayden scowled and started to protest but Charlie shut him up.
“We’re wasting time,” Charlotte said. “Let’s just get back to the cottage.”
“Too right,” Rosie said and clicked her fingers. “Let’s get a move on.” 
They cycled through their little village to the abandoned cottage. The end of the world was happening the following day but the children had yet to see any of the panic that had captured the cities in their neighbourhood. Some people hadn’t put their bins out and others hadn’t stepped out of their homes for several days but, apart from that, it was business as usual. Even the shop was still locked and in one piece; no one had broken in and if their parents and neighbours needed anything, they still drove the eight or so miles into the nearest town to visit the Tesco. The streets were mostly empty, that was the only unusual thing. There were no groups of children walking to school, no mums driving cars slowly down the middle of the road, no dads in suits and ties racing in the other direction. 
“People are at home, aren’t they,” was all Hayden said when Charlotte mentioned it.
“Losers,” Rosie said.
They reached the cottage and saw Ross’ bike parked outside. The door was open and he was in the hall, his hand up in the way he did when he wanted them to be silent. They all jumped off their bikes and pushed them over to him.
“What’s up?” Charlotte whispered as they bumped through the hall.
“I hear something,” Ross said.
He pulled his bike in and leant it up against the mantelpiece. The others copied him, then tiptoed through the kitchen and into the lounge. The T.V. was on, a black screen with flashing white lines stretching intermittently across it, and the VCR was whirring. Ross got down on his knees and pushed ‘eject’. The Jungle Book cassette slid out. They all looked at it. 
“Yesterday,” Charlotte said. “We forgot to turn it off.”
“It must have played all the way through,” Ross said and turned the T.V. off. He put the cassette away.
“That would have been creepy,” Charlie said. “If anyone looked through the window and saw the video playing but no one there.”
“I was there.”
They all jumped and turned. Michael Webb was in the middle of the doorway behind them, his dirty hands in his dirty pockets. As they looked at him, heart rates still not quite at normal, he took a hand out of his pocket, sniffed, then wiped his running nose with it.
“Oh right,” Ross said and put the cassette back in the case. “Did you like it?”
Michael Webb nodded. Charlotte felt quite sorry for him. He’d sat here, the whole time, for the whole video, watching it and maybe wondering where they’d all gone to and whether they were coming back. 
“I haven’t seen it in ages,” Charlie said into the silence. Hayden agreed.
“Hey, Ross,” he said, “I thought you couldn’t come out?”
“I sneaked out,” Ross said. “Bathroom window, like the movies.”
“Won’t your mum be mad?”
“Yes but it’s the end of the world tomorrow. What can she do to me? I wanted to come here.” He looked at them. “With you guys. All you guys,” he added as he looked at Rosie and Michael Webb. “What do you think of our secret base, Michael?”
Michael shrugged.
“There’s someone upstairs,” he said. 
“I think it’s totally cool,” Rosie said. “The best place to spend the end of the world.”
Hayden looked at her sharply.
“To spend the end of the world?” he said. “We won’t be here when the world actually ends. This is just our secrets base before.”
“Where will we be when the world ends then?” Rosie asked.
“At home with mum and nan,” Hayden said. “And Ross will be with his mum and Charlotte will be with hers and Charlie will be with hers.”
Rosie pulled a face.
“That is going to be so boring,” she said. “I’d much rather spend it here.” She folded her arms. “Nan is just going to complain. I don’t want my last conversation to be a complaining one. I want it to be fun, at here.”
“Me too,” Charlotte said. “My family are going to be really dull tomorrow at six. It’d be better if we could stay here.”
“My mum would kill me,” Ross said, then paused, as he rethought his words.
“The end of the world is family time,” Charlie said. “We should be with families.”
“Who said it’s family time?” Charlotte said. “There’s never been an end of the world before. It’s any time. Any time you want it to be.”
“What time do you want it to be?” Charlie asked.
“Friend time,” Charlotte said. “With people you most care about and want to be with. Being with people you don’t want to be with is just like being on your own. And no one should be alone when the world ends.”
“Wait, wait, wait, wait!” Ross said and held up his hands. He pointed at Michael Webb.
“Yes, he can stay here too,” Charlotte said. “I meant all of us. Let’s just stay here together and welcome the end of the world, together.”
“No, no, no,” Ross said. “Not that.” He was still pointing at Michael Webb. “What did you say?”
They all looked at Michael Webb. He put his hands in his pockets and sniffed again. He had a dried patch of tomato ketchup on the front of his faded school jumper. He shrugged at Ross.
“Nothing.”
“No, you did, you did,” Ross said. “A few minutes ago before Rosie started speaking.” Rosie scowled up at him but said nothing. Michael Webb looked at his frayed shoes; the tip of his big toe was poking out of a hole at the end. “You said something about someone upstairs,” Ross prompted Michael Webb.
Michael Webb’s eyes lit up and he nodded, then sniffed again.
“Oh yes,” he said. “Oh right, yeah.”
They all stared at him.
“Well?” Charlie said after a few minutes total silence. Michael Webb looked at her directly and blinked in his slow, dazed way. 
“How do you know there’s someone up there?” Charlotte said, expanding on the ‘well’ that had escaped Charlie. “What happened?”
Michael Webb nodded at the television.
“I watched to the end of the Jungle Book,” he said. “On the television.” He sniffed again and fell silent. They were all still staring at him, Ross still had his arm raised, the heavy digital watch clinging to his skinny wrist and making it look like a weight or magnet which should be dragging his hand to the ground. Rosie was standing on the sofa cushions, hands on hips, Hayden beside her, wringing his hands and looked nervous. Charlie had her arms folded and was watching Michael Webb through narrowed, disbelieving eyes.
“Well?” she said again.
“I heard a noise,” Michael Webb said.
“That’s just old houses,” Charlie said and gave an exaggerated sigh. She rolled her eyes. “We’ve all heard that.”
“And floorboards creak,” Michael Webb said. He looked back to Ross, who had the most trusting expression in his eyes. Michael Webb pointed at the ceiling. His fingernails were gnawed and raw. “Someone moving about. Upstairs.”
“That doesn’t mean someone is up there,” Charlie said. She glanced at Ross. “Right, Ross? An old house, right?”
Ross didn’t say anything.
“Oh no, oh no, oh no,” Hayden panted, wringing his hand together more furiously. “Oh no, it’s a ghost up there. A ghost.”
“It’s not a ghost,” Ross said. “It might be a cat that got locked in. Or a dog.”
“Floorboards creak,” Michael Webb said again and looked up at the ceiling this time. They all looked up as well. As though in answer, the floorboards above their heads did creak and Hayden jumped and started whimpering. Rosie hit his shoulder and hissed at him. “Someone moving about,” Michael Webb said. “To and from the bathroom.”
“How can you possible know that?” Charlie snapped. But her arms were no longer folder; they were hanging limply by her sides and she looked scared. Michael Webb looked at her and wiped his nose with his cuff; it was almost as chewed as his nails.
“I heard the toilet flush,” he said. “After the Jungle Book.”
They all stared.
“What?!” Charlie said. “Why didn’t you tell us someone was up there! Using the toilet!”
“I just did,” Michael Webb said, quite politely. 
“Did you go up and have a look?” Ross asked him.
Michael Webb looked back at him and shook his head.
“I went up a few stairs,” he said. “But then I heard the floorboards creak again. I got really scared. So I came back down here and decided to wait for you to come back.”
“When was this?” Ross asked.
“Yesterday. After Jungle Book.”
Charlotte felt ill with guilt. He’d sat down here, on his own, with a terrifying presence upstairs, for a whole day. She wished she’d come back earlier, forgotten the taboo and just come back, so he wasn’t alone and waiting. 
“Why didn’t you go home?” Hayden asked.
Michael Webb shrugged. He wiped his nose again.
“I wanted to wait for you to come back,” he said. 
“It doesn’t matter what happened yesterday,” Ross said quickly.
“Right,” Hayden agreed. “We have to get out of here today.”
“No,” Ross said. He picked up a spindly coffee table from the corner of the room; the legs were thinner than his arms. He held it up. “We have to go upstairs and see what’s up there.”
“No!” Hayden and Charlie shouted.
“I’m not going to find the ghost!” Hayden expanded when Charlotte glared at him.
“Ghosts don’t flush the toilet, Hayden,” Rosie said and jumped off the sofa. “I’ll go with you, Ross.”
“If it’s not a ghost, it’s a person,” Charlie said. “And that person is going to be mad if we go upstairs.”
“If it’s a person, why didn’t they hear us and come down and get mad then?” Charlotte said. “We’ve been here ages.”
“We can answer all these questions by going upstairs,” Ross said. He stepped towards the kitchen door. “Come on.”
Charlotte followed him without pause, Rosie on her heels. Michael Webb slouched after them. Hayden and Charlie looked at each other. If Michael Webb was going, they knew they couldn’t back out.
“Poltergeists can flush toilets, you know,” Hayden said as they all tiptoed into the kitchen. Charlotte picked up a roll of tin foil and Hayden grabbed the broom. 
“Be quiet, Hayden,” Charlotte said, then Ross hissed at all of them to shut up.

After they had ruined the front of Kieran’s house, the three of them sprinted back to Grace and Oliver’s buoyed up, excited, practically flying.
“That was so cool!” Oliver kept saying. “So cool! Did you see the paint? Splat!”
“We really got him,” Sebastian said as they skidded down icy streets. “We really got him back.”
Grace made them all a big lunch as a reward. They had pizza and some hamburgers and chips and more bacon and anything else that Grace could find in the freezer. Then they sat around in the living room and made a plan for the next boy. The phone rang just as Grace was sitting down with a pad of paper, the phonebook and a newspaper. They all froze. The phone rang out and then the answer phone flashed to let them know there was a message.
“Leave it,” Grace said. “We’ve got bigger things to worry about.” She set the pad down on the coffee table and Oliver and Sebastian leaned in excitedly. “I kept the article with the story in it about what happened,” Grace said and held the newspaper up. “I had no idea it would come in handy.” She took a pen and wrote on the pad ‘the boys’. Then underneath this she wrote ‘Kieran’ and put a big tick next to him. Then she picked up the news article. “They don’t mention the boys in here,” she said, “but there is a quote from a parent somewhere.” She scanned it then said, “hold on, I’ll read it: A small community was shocked yesterday to learn of the death of a fourteen year old boy on the train line outside his school. Richard Basham had been playing with his friends at the football field when the ball had rolled under the safety fence and onto the track. Richard attempted to retrieve the ball and his friends could only watch in horror as he was struck and killed by a high speed train. “It’s a tragedy,” Peter Eversham, father of one of the boys said. “I didn’t know him personally but my son did and was with him on the night he died.” Grace put the paper down and smiled.
“Eversham?” Sebastian said. “Is that another boy?”
“It must be,” Grace said and wrote ‘Eversham’ on her piece of paper, right under Kieran. “It rings a bell at least. I’ll know him when I see him, that I’m sure of.” She picked up the phonebook. “Now we just have to see where he lives.” She flicked through to the E’s and looked. Sebastian moved around to read over her shoulder.
“There are three Evershams,” he said. “B Eversham, P Eversham and S Eversham.”
“It’s P Eversham,” Grace said.
“How do you know?”
“The article says Peter Eversham,” Grace said. “Der. He lives in Leigh.”
“How far away is that?”
“A mile, no more than that. On the roads it’ll take us twenty minutes, maybe shorter if we can find three bikes.”
“I don’t want to cycle,” Oliver moaned.
“Do you want to walk?” Grace snapped back.
“No,” Oliver said and folded his arms.
“Then we’re cycling.”
“What are we going to do to this one?” Sebastian asked. “Think about that, Oliver. We might be able to smash up his house like we did Kieran’s.”
“No,” Grace said before Oliver could get excited. “I’m not a hundred percent sure that this boy is part of the gang. I need to see his face. And I want to hear what happened. So we wait with this, to double check he really is a target.”
Oliver moaned and Grace snapped at him.
“You don’t have to come, Oliver. Stop complaining. This is what we came here to do.”
Oliver looked at her, then ran from the room. They could hear him crying from the kitchen.
“Leave him,” Grace told Sebastian. “We have to find the bikes.”
She took a big key from the desk and then went through the back door and down the garden. Sebastian left Oliver and followed. It was freezing out in the garden and Grace could barely fit the key in the lock and turn it to get inside. Sebastian stood behind her, his breath rising in great plumes as she forced the door open and then stood aside to survey what was inside.
“Dad’s bike,” she said, pointing at a big green machine. “Do you think you can ride that, Sebastian?”
“Yeah!” Sebastian said excitedly. He climbed inside the shed and pulled it out. It was amazing. It was beautifully clean and sculpted, with a speedometer on the front and a panier on the back. “This is a proper mountain bike!”
“I know. Are you tall enough to get on it?”
“Yeah, course I am.”
“You haven’t tried it yet.”
Sebastian carefully bumped the bike out of the shed and swung his leg over the bar. It was a bit too big for him; when he was sitting on the saddle, his feet were still a few inches from the floor.
“It’s fine,” he said dismissively, looking at Grace and hoping she’d agree.
“It’ll have to do,” she said. “Come on. Let’s check mine and Oliver’s bikes have air in the tyres.”
Oliver came out as they were wheeling their bikes from the garage. Their bikes were just cheap kids bikes so they were kept in the garage, which their father didn’t lock.
“It’d be a blessing if those bikes were stolen,” he once said when Grace asked why his bike was locked up but not theirs. “It’ll take that scrap heap off our hands.”
The bikes were scrap but, luckily, they were scrap with air in the tyres.
“You two get going,” Grace said as Oliver climbed onto his bike. Once he was on it, he brightened up. Tears still stained his pink face but he smiled as he began to pedal his bike about the drive.
“What are you going to do?” Sebastian asked.
“Pack a bag,” Grace said. “Provisions, warm clothes, get the address for Eversham. I’ll bring the phone book and newspaper as well. So we can go straight from his house to boy three.”
“We’ll wait for you to do that before setting off,” Sebastian said.
“No. It’ll take him forever to cycle a mile,” Grace said and nodded at Oliver. “I’m not being held up by him. So you two get started and I’ll catch up.”
“What?” Sebastian said. “I want to stay with you. Let Oliver go on his own.”
“He can’t go alone, he’s nine.”
“Yes I can.”
“He doesn’t know the way.”
“Neither do I,” Sebastian said. “Let’s stick together.”
“No,” Grace said. She pointed down the road. “You just go down here to the triangle and then follow the signs for Leigh. It’s easy. Sebastian,” she looked at him, “you have to do this. It’s not about sticking together. It’s about getting them back before Thursday. You have to go now because Oliver has to go now or else we’ll never get there. Got that? It’s down to you and only you.”
Sebastian bowed his head and nodded.
“Ok,” he said and threw his leg over his bike again. “We’ll go. Come on, Oliver. See you soon, Grace.”
She waved and then turned to go back in the house. Oliver pushed off from the drive and then they were cycling up the road. Oliver was very unsteady on the ice, wobbling from side to side and braking sharply. Sebastian wondered how many times he’d ridden a bike before. He was struggling slightly with his bike but only because it was so big and he was going so slowly, pedalling behind Oliver as his bike squeaked and shrieked and skidded down the road.
At the triangle, Sebastian saw the signs for Leigh and they turned right. Oliver was getting slightly faster. Sebastian wanted to stretch out his legs and pedal fast! But he knew he couldn’t leave Oliver. He’d probably start crying or turn back.
“My hands are really cold,” he said after ten minutes. “Can we stop?”
“Grace will be annoyed if we stop,” Sebastian said. “Keep going. We’re almost there. Less than a mile.”
It was achingly slow going. Grace caught them up after twenty minutes, a bag on her bag.
“Is this how far you got?” she said. “You two are slow!”
“It’s not me!” Sebastian said, hotly. “It’s him.”
“Well we need to pick up the pace if we want to get to Leigh before dark,” Grace said and overtook both of them. “Pedal fast, Oliver, or you’ll get left behind.”
She shot off like a horse up the road, her legs frantically pumping on the pedals, her heap of scrap metal soaring. Sebastian paused, then overtook Oliver and sped after her. This bike was much easier to ride when he was putting some pace behind it.
“Wait for me!” Oliver called. “Sebastian, wait for me!”
“Hurry up!” Sebastian called over his shoulder. “I’ll wait for you on this bend!”
But he didn’t. He wanted to catch Grace. As they cycled side by side, Oliver far behind, they passed the railway line.
“Is this where he died?” Sebastian asked. “Leigh?”
“No,” Grace said. “He died further up, by the school. This is the nearest station to the school though. I think he died about two minutes down to the line, as the train travels.”
When they reached the sign welcoming them to Leigh, they stopped. Two swans were nesting in the field beside the road, one curled up to sleep, the other standing upright and watching them, its bright white plumage stark against the icy green field. Grace opened her bag and gave Sebastian a drink from a flask and some crisps as they waited. Slowly, as the sun began to set early, Oliver’s little figure came round the last bend. He was still wobbling, tottering and teetering from side to side. He was crying again.
“Why didn’t you wait for me?!” he sobbed as he reached them. “I’m so cold.”
“We’re waiting for you now,” Grace said. “Have some crisps and then we have to keep moving.”
“N n n no,” Oliver said so loudly that the sleeping swan unfurled its neck and looked in their direction. “It’s too cold. I don’t want to keep going. I want to go home.”
“Well we can’t,” Grace said. “We’ve just cycled away from home. You can either sleep here by this sign or come with us.”
Oliver said nothing. They hid the bikes in a hedge and carried on into the town on foot. Sebastian was unsure about leaving Grace’s dad’s cool bike abandoned in some hedge where it might get stolen or go rusty but, he reasoned, the world was ending on Thursday, so her dad wouldn’t miss it that much.
“That’s his house,” Grace said, glancing at her notes from the phonebook.
“Which one?”
“That one; the one with the garage doors open and the car on the drive.”
They stopped and stared at the house. The upstairs was dark but downstairs, there were several lights on and they could see shapes moving to and fro as people walked about.
“People are in,” Sebastian said. “What now?”
Grace sat down on the wall opposite the house. Oliver sat beside her. He sniffed a few times and wiped his eyes. Grace silently handed him and Sebastian some chocolate bars, then zipped her bag up and put it on her back.
“I want to hear,” she said, “from him, what happened. We’ll knock, ask to speak to him if he doesn’t answer the door and then-”
The front door of the Eversham’s house opened. A man and a woman came out. The man, no doubt Peter Eversham, shut the front door behind him. He zipped up his coat and followed his wife to the car. She got in the passenger seat and he got in the driver’s seat. The car took a few goes to start, the engine heaving and struggling as Peter Eversham turned the key again and again. Then it puttered into life. Peter Eversham checked both ways, totally missed the three children sitting on the wall opposite his house, and pulled out onto the icy road. The wheels skidded slightly, then he took control and slowly moved away, off up the road, his brake lights flaring behind him.
“Now what?” Sebastian said.
Grace looked back at the house. A light flicked on in one of the upstairs windows.
“Someone is still in,” she said and stood up. “It might be him.”
“What are we going to do?” Sebastian asked as she crossed the road. He followed, Oliver on his tail.
“Knock,” Grace said and climbed the front steps.
“Then what?”
“I don’t want to plan too far in advance,” Grace said. “Just go with me.” She turned and looked at them. “Can I trust you both to do that?” Sebastian and Oliver gazed up at her and nodded trustingly. Grace smiled. “Good.” She turned and knocked loudly on the front door. “Stick together now. Remember, it’s us against him.”
Christian followed Naomi to school that Wednesday and then he realised he was being no better than Birdseye, so he trotted to catch her up.
“Hi,” he said.
“What is it, Christian?”
“Just seeing how you are. In two days, we won’t be able to do this.”
“You are such an idiot. I saw you with Ethan yesterday after school. Did you go to his for tea?” Her tone was light and Christian knew this meant she was laughing at him. “Was his house like a black altar with masks of Satan all over it? Did you drink the blood of the innocent from-”
“You know, Ethan’s really nice,” Christian said. “He knows we’re all in this together. You should give him some credit for that.”
“I’m not in anything with him,” Naomi said as they turned the street and Keyton came into view. “Oh no,” she whispered and tucked her hair behind her ears. “He’s there again.”
Christian looked. Birdseye was leaning on the school wall, smiling at Felix and Elijah as they strode in. He glanced up the road and saw Christian and Naomi. He waved.
“What a... creep!” Christian said and clenched his teeth. He couldn’t believe Birdseye was still here, not even twenty four hours after they warned him away. He didn’t know how to react. If he let it go, Birdseye might think he’d given up.
“Don’t be that angry.” Naomi laughed. “It’s not your problem.”
Birdseye stepped out in front of them, blocking their way as they tried to get in the gate.
“Hey, Naomi,” he said and tried to put an arm on her shoulder. She quickly moved away and went to stand beside Christian. “There’s something I need to talk to you about. It’s important.”
“Leave us alone,” Christian said. “Get out of here.”
“Hey! Naomi! Christian!”
All three of them looked. Ethan was standing in the gate, arms folded. He jerked his head.
“Mr. Wilson wants to see you right now,” he said. “He said you’re both in for detention if you don’t.”
Naomi sidestepped Birdseye as he computed this information. Christian went round him the other way and hurried to Ethan.
“Brilliant, Ethan,” he said and patted Ethan’s back. Ethan didn’t smile but he swelled. Christian had never seen him so buoyed before. “Can you believe he’s back?”
“We’ll have to take further measure next time,” Ethan said.
Before Christian could ask what this meant, Naomi gave a laugh.
“Ethan, you are such a loser! Stop getting involved in my business and tell me what Mr. Wilson says he wanted to speak to us about.”
Ethan frowned at her.
“Er, nothing,” he said, like he was speaking to an idiot. “I made that up.”
“What? Why?” Naomi turned to face him and then shoved his shoulder. 
Ethan looked incredulous. He glanced at Christian.
“To get you away from Birdseye, you crazy woman!” he said. “I’m helping!”
“I don’t need your help, Ethan!” Naomi said. She hitched her bag further up her shoulder and stalked into school. “You are such a loser! Why don’t you go hang yourself or something!?”
She went inside and the door banged shut behind her. Christian saw Birdseye leering in the gateway, his hands in his pockets. He ignored him.
“Ethan,” Christian began. The pale boy was looking enraged. The buoyant sense had gone. He was staring at the floor, fists clenched by his side, his black hair hanging over his cool eyes. If this had been a horror movie, Christian knew rocks and stuff would start floating into the air around him, or perhaps it would grow dark and people would start swirling about in some unseen wind. “Ethan, she-”
“I don’t care!” Ethan said and stormed off, too. “That’s the last time I try to help her!”
“Ethan!”
“Get away from me, Christian!”
He stormed through the garage door and let it shut with a loud bang that echoed off the hills. Christian sighed.
“She’s got quite a temper, hasn’t she?” Birdseye said from the gate. “Really fiery.”
Christian turned to glare at him but he could think of no comeback to cut him down with.
“Leave her alone,” he said lamely and turned to go inside. “Leave us all alone.”
Ethan didn’t turn up for class that morning. Christian felt guilty as sin. He wasn’t sure why. If Naomi had kept his mouth shut, Ethan would be here and, dare he say it, happy. But Naomi hadn’t kept her mouth shut. Naomi never kept her mouth shut. Christian should have known that. He sat and doodled on his paper. He was behind now, in both counts.
The door opened and Miss. Atherton came in, holding a pack of store bought biscuits. The whole class sat up at once.
“I bought you all a snack,” she said, speaking directly to Mr. Wilson. “For working so hard on the ultimate penultimate day of earth.”
“Thank you,” Mr. Wilson replied breathlessly, sitting up quickly from his desk. “Miss. Atherton, that really is wonderful.”
She offered him the packet first and he took one, his eyes never leaving her face and hers never leaving his.
“Share them around, Miss A.!” Paul shouted and then spell was broken.
Miss Atherton turned from Mr. Wilson, who deflated quicker than Ethan had out on the drive that morning. He bit into his biscuit and Christian scribbled out the doodle he’d been working on. He was down on three counts now and with only two days left. Paul took two biscuits and that made Naomi complain and take three. Christian took one, but not for himself. He put it in his blazer pocket. By the time the packet got to Felix and Elijah at the end, there was only one left.
“I’m having it,” Felix said.
“You have a mini roll for break,” Elijah said and reached for it. “I want it.”
“You have the mini roll. I want the biscuit.” She drew his hand away and he elbowed her aside.
“Ok, ok, no fighting,” Miss Atherton said and took the packet away. “Mr. Wilson can have the last biscuit if you can’t agree.”
Mr. Wilson lit up. He reached for it as Miss Atherton presented it to him and the biscuit fell onto the dusty floor.
“Now no one has it!” Paul said through a mouth of crumbs.
Mr. Wilson and Miss Atherton looked at each other, then both scrabbled to get the biscuit.
“Break time,” Mr. Wilson said breathlessly when he stood up. He dusted his shirt down. “Break time, thank you, class. Break.”
Miss Atherton dropped the biscuit in the bin and swept out first. Elijah and Felix were still sniping at each other. Marina was unrolling plans and presenting them to Paul, who was packing his bag.
“We just need a ladder now,” she was saying. “Bailey thinks he can get one.”
“Cool, cool,” Paul said. “Let me know when he does and then I’ll be good to go. Come on, Haylock. Let’s go to the pond.”
He pushed passed Marina and her plans and thundered down the stairs. Christian packed up more slowly. Mr. Wilson was staring out of the window. He tried to think of something to say but couldn’t. He left as well and hurried to the garage. He knocked and then opened the door. Ethan was still sat on the floor. The temperature had turned that day and it was freezing outside. In the garage, it was like an ice box. Christian couldn’t believe Ethan had sat here all morning.
“I brought you a biscuit,” he said and held it out.
“I hate biscuits.”
“Come on, Ethan. What Naomi said was really mean but you’ve got to rise above it. We’re Keyton, remember.”
“I’m nothing with her.”
From outside, they heard Paul shout something and then other voices responded. Christian didn’t recognise the other voices. They were the voices of kids, definitely, but not Keyton kids.
“What’s that?” Christian said.
“I don’t care.”
“Let’s go and look.”
“No.”
The garage door banged open and they both looked up; Bailey was standing there, red faced and panting. He pointed.
“County High kids!” he said. “By the gate! One of them threw a brick in and it hit Pestell!”
“Let’s go,” Christian said and darted after Bailey. Ethan didn’t move. Christian looked at him. “Come on, Ethan. Keyton kids together.”
“I’m nothing with any of you,” Ethan said and turned away. “Leave me alone.”
Christian left him. He and Bailey raced down the drive. Bailey kept stopping to pull up his rather sizeable trousers, which kept slipping down his sizeable bottom and thighs. Christian took over him. He could see where the trouble was coming from; Paul was standing at the gate, facing a load of kids who were on their bikes. Haylock and Pestell stood either side of him, Pestell sporting a great cut across his cheek, which was bleeding onto his white shirt. Felix and Elijah were there as well, flanking Marina who was holding the iron bar Mr. Wilson used to get the cellar door open with.
“Reinforcements!” one of the County High kids called as Christian and Bailey arrived. “A sissy and a fat kid!”
All his fellows laughed about him. Paul clenched his fists.
“Let’s see you come over the gate and say that,” he said.
The boy got off his bike and pushed it down.
“Let’s see you just get over this gate,” he said. “I heard you’re never let out because none of you have homes. Your parents all just left you here because they’re too broke to feed you.”
“That’s why you’re still at school,” a girl behind him said and the County High lot roared with laughter. “It’s the holidays now! Until the end of the world!” she squawked. “And you are in uniform and going to lessons!”
“Can your parents really not afford to keep you?”
“Keyton’s Grovelers and Beggars School!” someone else shouted. “For the poor kids.”
Marina threw a rock. It hit the first boy in the middle of the forehead. Everyone was shocked at the shot and the accuracy of it. Then Paul cheered. The girl picked the rock up and threw it back as her companion screamed and clamped his hands to his forehead. The Keyton lot dodged the rock.
“Enough of this,” Paul said and opened the gate. “The world ends in two days. Let’s teach them what we can do.”
The boy who had been hit by the rock dropped his hands. Blood was seeping down his forehead and made Christian think of horror films again. Then he rushed at Paul and grabbed him by the arms. Christian never saw what happened next because it was suddenly an all out fight. A County High kid spat in his face and then pushed him backwards. He didn’t want to hit anyone or spit on anyone but the girl was coming at him, fingers out like claws. He ducked and tripped her over.
“Christian!” Elijah called from beside him. “Here!”
He flung one end of the washing line chord at him. The washing line always used to hang by the back door and after Miss Atherton had washed their running clothes, she’d hang them out there. That had stopped in recent weeks because the washing machine had broken and so Lizzy had undone the washing line and took it down to skip with.
Christian grabbed the end of the line and Elijah pulled on the other, so it was taught. Then they ran at a couple of County High boys who were facing Marina. She swung the crow bar at them, left and right, almost cutting them in two. They leapt back.
“Duck, Marina!” Elijah shouted and Marina threw herself to the floor.
The County High boys looked up but it was too late. The washing line caught them on the legs and flipped them over like they were bars on a turnstile. Christian laughed and then surveyed the field of battle. The County High kids had spilled into Keyton land and some of them had spilled out, onto the road. Felix was clinging onto a boy’s back, her fingers in his eyes. She didn’t need help. Marina was going about whacking knees and making people scream. Paul and the boy with the bloodied face were punching each other like a boxing match.
“Over there!” Elijah called.
The girl had gotten hold of Bailey as he tried to waddle away. She was shaking him by the scruff of a neck, quite a feat, seeing as Bailey was probably three times her size and weight.
“How did a poor kid like you get so fat?!” she shouted and then Elijah and Christian ran past with the washing line.
It tangled round her feet and Christian’s grip slipped. Elijah hung on tight though, yanked his end of the line and brought her crashing to the floor. Bailey skipped away.
“Thanks, guys,” he said.
“This is what you have to do,” Elijah said and grabbed a handful of grit off the driveway. “Pelt them with this until they get out of the gate. You got that?”
Bailey nodded. Christian smiled at Elijah. If the world wasn’t going to end on Thursday he’d have probably made a good military leader. Then he saw Birdseye. He was standing on the other side of the road, arms folded and watching. He saw Christian and smiled, his black gap screaming.
“Elijah!” Christian shouted. “Let’s get him!”
“Him?” Elijah frowned. “He’s just an old guy.”
“It’s Birdseye!” Christian shouted but Elijah was gone, to round up the scragglers. Bailey went past, throwing handfuls of grit and shouting, “yeah! Yeah! Get out of here! Take that!” Christian ignored it. He was still staring at Birdseye. Birdseye was staring back.
“What’s going on here?!”
Mr. Wilson was standing by the back door. The County High kids still on Keyton land grabbed their bikes and scarpered. The boy with the blooded face turned to go and Paul grabbed the scruff of his neck, turned him around and punched him again.
“Paul!” Mr. Wilson shouted.
Paul let him go and held up his hands in the air. The boy fled and Paul grinned. He had a bloody, swollen lip and a huge red mark above one eye that would no doubt become a bruise, if the world lasted long enough.
“We won!” Marina shouted and threw the crow bar into the ground like a victorious sword. “Yes guys, we won!”
They Keyton lot cheered loudly. Paul raised both fists in the air and roared.


Chapter Seven:
There was silence from within the house. Grace waited. They heard footsteps. A light came on in the hall. They saw a frosty figure behind the glass. Sebastian and Oliver stood either side of Grace as the hazy shape grew closer and closer. Sebastian took a deep breath and then the door opened. A tall, thin boy gazed down at them, puzzled. He looked pale and had a few pimples on his cheeks.
“We know that you killed Richard Basham,” Grace said. “Let us in, we want to talk to you about it.”
The boy blinked and then stepped back in surprise. He swallowed and Sebastian watched his bulging Adam’s apple bob in his throat.
“What...I.” The boy glanced up and down the street. The street lights were on, turning the patches of ice beneath them to a faint orange. He looked at Grace. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Yes you do,” Grace said. “You were part of a gang that used to beat him up. You said you were playing football with him the day he died but you weren’t. Now, either let us in and we’ll talk about it or we’ll go to the police.”
The boy smiled.
“They w w won’t do anything,” he said. “They’ve got real problems.”
“We’ll tell your parents,” Grace said. “I’m sure they’ll care. And even if they don’t, we’ll do to your house what we did to Kieran’s, and I’m sure they’ll care then.” The boy’s eyes widened. “Yes,” Grace smiled, “he was in the gang as well. We know. We know you killed Richard. We just want to hear exactly what happened. Let us in to talk about it or you’ll regret it.”
“W w what did you do to Kieran’s?” the boy asked.
“After you’ve spoken to us, you can go to his and have a look,” Grace said. “Now cooperate with us and you, and your parents’ house, will get out of this unharmed. Let. Us. In.” She fixed him with her steely eyes and the boy relented and stepped back. “Thank you,” Grace said.
The three of them pushed passed the boy and stepped into the house. He did another quick look up and down the street and then shut the door with a slam.
“Show us to the kitchen,” Grace said.
The boy nodded and led the way. Grace watched him go, then took a curtain tie off the set of curtains by the front door window. She nodded at Sebastian and he took the other. Then they followed the boy into the kitchen.
“Sit down,” Grace commanded and nodded at a chair. The boy sat. Grace leaned over him, Oliver and Sebastian either side of her.
“This feels like an interrogation,” the boy said and tried to smile.
“It is an interrogation,” Grace said. “And don’t smile. This is a serious matter. You killed Richard Basham.”
“I never. I-”
“But you were in the gang that used to be mean to him?”
“Yes, but-”
“Sebastian tie him up,” Grace said.
“What?” the boy in the chair said and tried to rise but Grace pushed him back down.
“This is just insurance,” she said. “I want to hear the whole story. If you tell it, and tell it truthfully, trust me, I’ll know if you’re lying, we’ll let you go at the end. If you lie or refuse to tell, we’ll leave you tied up whilst we wreck your house.”
“I won’t be tied up,” the boy said as Sebastian brandished his curtain tie.
“Do you mean you intend to lie to us?”
“No!”
“You mean to refuse to tell us the story?”
“No!”
“Then let us tie you up.”
The boy relented once more. Sebastian tied his wrists together and then bound them to the chair. Grace checked the knots.
“Nice and strong, well done, Sebastian,” she said as Sebastian proudly took his place at her side again. “Now, Eversham,” Grace said. “Tell us what happened that night.”
“I...” the boy’s mouth opened and shut wordlessly.
“Let me fill in a few details for you,” Grace said. “You hang about with four other boys. Kieran is one of them. I don’t know the other three by name but I’d recognise them if I saw them. And you boys, you gang of five, made it your mission to make Richard’s life miserable, right?”
“Not miserable,” the boy said. “He was just a bit slow, quiet. Marcus singled him out first.”
Grace held up her hand.
“Marcus? Who’s he?”
“Marcus Black.”
“What does he look like?” Grace snapped and the boy flinched.
“Tall, dark hair. Dark eyes.”
“Black Adidas bag?”
“That’s him.”
“Carry on with your story.”
The boy gulped. Sebastian cracked his knuckles. There was sweat on the boy’s forehead. It dropped to the floor with a plink and made Sebastian shiver. 
“Marcus liked to push him around because he was so quiet. Marcus, Kieran, they were all funny, they were my friends. I didn’t want to lose them just because they liked pushing the slow kid about.”
“Don’t try and excuse yourself,” Grace said. “You were all in the gang, you all pushed him about.”
“I’m not excusing myself,” the boy said and sniffed. “I’m just saying. Marcus...Marcus started it and we never stopped it. I liked Richard. He was ok, quiet and slow, but ok. He reminded me of my little brother. He’s got autism. My parents have gone to get him from my nan’s. I tried to-”
“I don’t like your deviations,” Grace said. “We’ve asserted you were in a gang who enjoyed hurting Richard. Now tell us about the night he died.”
The boy swallowed again and shifted on the chair.
“We had got detention that day,” he said, carefully and slowly. “So we came out late. Richard was there, he must have been at a club or something. Marcus saw him and we just started, you know, calling him names and stuff, like normal. Richard started walking home and we followed him. There was no one else about. No adults or other students. We’d never been with him like that before. There was always someone there to pull us back.” His breath caught in his throat and he coughed. “It was exciting at first and Marcus started pushing him. That scared me a bit. I wanted him to stop.”
“Did you ask him to?” 
“No.”
“Then you’re as guilty as him,” Grace said. “You might as well have pushed him yourself. Carry on.”
“So...” the boy took a shaky breath, “Marcus pushed him. It was all the gang, it was because no one else was around. I...I’m not excusing myself. You’re right, I didn’t stop it. I didn’t hit him. Some of the others punched him, just on the back and the arms. I didn’t. But you’re right. I didn’t stop it either. Marcus took his bag off him and threw it about between us. I think he was enjoying there being no teachers. We could do anything. There was no one there. He hit R R Richard,” his swallowed again, a very loud noise. Sebastian saw the Adam’s apple bob again, “in the face. And then, Richard,” he took a deep breath. There were tears in his eyes, “he ran off. We didn’t think he would because Craig still had his bag-”
Grace held up her hand.
“Craig?” she barked. “Craig? Who’s Craig?”
“Small and skinny,” the boy said. “He wears a green Nike bag. He lives just up the road.” He jerked his head towards the window.
“What’s his address?”
“I don’t know,” the boy said, his voice rising in pitch as Grace leaned towards him.
“Describe his house to me then.”
“It’s white and big. It doesn’t have a driveway. Er, er.” More sweat was gathering on the boy’s brow now. Grace was looming over him. “It’s the house by the pub.”
“Which side, right or left?”
“Right. As you look at it.”
Grace nodded, satisfied.
“Carry on with the story,” she said.
“So,” the boy took another shaking breath, “Craig had his bag. Marcus had taken it off him and thrown it about and when Craig caught it and started unzipping it, he, the boy, Richard, he just ran off. None of us figured he would. At school, he always just waited around until we gave him back his stuff.”
“Or until a teacher came,” Grace said.
The boy nodded. His tears had mingled with the sweat and were hanging off his chin like a wet beard. He sniffed.
“And he ran down the road and Marcus said ‘get him!’ We all followed him. I know I did because chasing someone seemed ok, we weren’t hurting him. We were just running after him. He was fine.” He looked up at Grace. “That’s true. I thought, as long as Marcus isn’t punching him, we’re ok. We’re not hurting him. We’re just chasing him. It didn’t seem as bad.”
“So you chased after him,” Grace said. “All five of you?”
The boy nodded.
“We chased him down the main street and then he turned left, t t t towards the, towards the crossing. The lights were on and the barrier was down and that alarm was going which means a train is coming. He stopped and tried to run back, the way he had come, towards us. Marcus said ‘don’t let him pass!’”
“You keep blaming a lot of this on Marcus,” Grace said.
The boy looked at her, fear in his eyes. Her curtain tie was wrapped around her knuckles, turning them purple and white, like bruises.
“No, no I’m not,” he said. “I’m just telling it how it is. Marcus was the one who told us to not let him pass.”
“And the other four of you did as he said?”
After a pause, the boy whispered, “yes.”
“How did he get on the track?” Grace asked. “Tell us the end.”
“We all spread out along the road,” the boy hiccupped, then coughed, “so he couldn’t pass and walked towards him. He turned and took hold of the barrier. Marcus said ‘go on, see if you can make it to the other side’. And he, Richard, turned and let go of the fence.”
“He didn’t cross over?”
The boy shook his head.
“Then what happened?”
Headlights lit up the front of the house. Grace, Sebastian and Oliver all turned.
“Oh no,” Sebastian hissed.
“Who’s this?” Grace said as they heard a car purr into the drive.
“My parents,” the boy said. “They went to fetch my brother from my nan’s. She only lives a few minutes away.”
“We have to get out of here,” Grace said to Sebastian and Oliver. “Back door, quick!”
“Untie me though!” the boy shouted. “Untie me!” Grace looked at him as Sebastian and Oliver skipped passed into the living room. “You promised,” the boy said and sniffed. “You promised, so my parents won’t know.”
“Why keep my promise to a murderer?” Grace said.
Outside, they heard car doors opening, a few faint voices, the scrap of shoes on ice.
“Grace,” Sebastian said. “The back door’s here.” He had her bag. “We better run.”
“Two seconds,” Grace said and turned. She began to go through the clutter on the kitchen side. Behind her, the boy moaned. Sebastian urged her to hurry up. The voices outside grew louder. “This will have to do,” she said and held up a silver capsule.
“What is it?” Oliver said. He was panting heavily with excitement, his face flushed, his eyes huge.
“Lipstick,” Grace said.
She stepped forward. The boy in the chair flinched, as though she was going to put it on him. But Grace didn’t. She went to the fridge and knocked aside all the magnets and shopping lists and birthday cards. She pushed the red tongue of the lipstick out and wrote carefully on the fridge door. The voices had reached the front door. They heard the rattle of keys in a lock.
“Grace!” Sebastian hissed. He was ushering Oliver towards the back door. “They’re here!”
“All done,” Grace said and threw the lipstick down. She stood aside so the boy in the chair could read it: ‘I murdered Richard Basham’. He moaned. “The world ends in two days,” Grace said. “We aren’t going to let you get away with it.”
She put her foot on the bottom of his chair and flexed her leg, as though she were going to push him over onto the hard kitchen floor. He squealed. The front door opened and they heard voices.
“Eric? Eric? We’re home.”
Grace looked up. She took hold of the top of the chair and gently lowered it until it was lying on the floor. Sebastian was moving backwards through the living room, waving at her. Grace pointed at the boy in the chair, now lying on the cold floor, his red, tear stained, sweat covered cheeks pressed against the tiles. She smiled, then she leapt over him and followed Sebastian out of the back door. She left it open behind her and, as the three of them fled across the garden, they heard someone scream from inside the house.

Mr. Wilson ushered them all into the school. Miss Atherton hurried out with a small bowl of warm water and bandages and had a look at the injuries; Pestell’s cheek held the worst of them, but everyone was in too good a mood to worry that much about their wounds.
“We totally beat them up!” Haylock said, holding some of Miss Atherton’s bandages to his nose. “We won!”
“Elijah was the real brains behind it,” Bailey said. “He told me about the stones.”
“He used the washing line,” Christian said, “to knock them down.”
“Three cheers for Elijah,” Lizzy said and everyone cheered. They crowded round Elijah, pushing Miss Atherton and her bandages out of the way. Paul picked him up, with Haylock, and they balanced him on their shoulders and paraded him about the room. Felix sat at her desk, unmoved by the reverence.
“Marina,” Paul said as Elijah slid off his shoulders, red faced and beaming. He snuck back to Felix and sat on the table. “Have you got those plans set for County High?”
“We just need a ladder.”
“I’ve got one!” Bailey said excitedly. Paul pulled a mock excited face at him.
“Where is then, Bails?”
“At home. I can bring it in tomorrow.”
“Right. Good,” Paul said. He pointed at Marina. “Tomorrow we perform the killing blow. We beat them back today, tomorrow I want to finish them.”
“Yes!” Marina hissed, her face flushed. “Yes!”
“Keyton Grove!” Paul shouted and everyone else took up the chant. “Keyton Grove! Keyton Grove! Keyton Grove!”
Mr. Wilson and Miss Atherton looked at each other and exchanged swift smiles. They knew there was no point trying to break them out of it. 
The door opened and they all turned. Ethan was there, hands by his side, head bent in his miserable way.
“Oh, Ethan!” Paul shouted. “I thought someone was missing from the field of war.” Ethan ignored him. He walked over to the desk and sat down. “Where were you?” Paul asked, walking over to him.
“Leave him,” Mr. Wilson said but Paul ignored him. He leant over the desk beside Ethan.
“It was Keyton Grove United out there but I couldn’t see you. Didn’t you want to fight for us?” He leant closer. “Do you not like us? Or are you too scared?”
Christian was going to step forward and pull Paul away because he didn’t think Ethan would like Paul being in his face like that. But before he could even move, Ethan had jumped to his feet. He kicked his chair aside and grabbed Paul by the throat. Paul, stunned and surprised and unsteady, took a step back. Ethan grabbed his hair with his free hand.
“Shut up!” he shouted and tightened his fingers round Paul’s throat. “Shut up!”
Christian reached Paul’s side first and pulled them apart. Paul tried to make a grab for Ethan and hit Elijah instead, who was also there, separating them.
“Stay away from me,” Ethan said, stepping back. His normally pale face was bright red, his hair swung in front of his eyes. “All of you.” He pointed at Christian. “Even you, Christian. Stay away!”
“Ethan, I-”
“Stay away!” Ethan screamed. He grabbed a chair and threw it at the wall. It snapped in two, the pieces falling to the floor. Lizzy squealed. Naomi caught Paul’s eye and they both laughed.
“Shut up!” Ethan said. He pointed a finger at her. “I’ll kill you!”
Mr. Wilson stepped forward carefully. Ethan had backed against the wall, the other children surrounding him, watching him. Mr. Wilson pushed them aside, hands up, like he was surrendering.
“It’s ok, Ethan,” he said. “It’s ok. We’re all friends here.”
“None of you are my friends!” Ethan shouted. “I hate all of you! I have no friends! And the world ends tomorrow. We ALL end tomorrow. It’s all been for nothing! Everything has been pointless. I never even got to do anything! I never found out what the POINT to all this even was!” 
“All what, Ethan?” Mr. Wilson asked in his calm, soothing voice. Naomi and Paul weren’t laughing anymore. Their faces had fallen serious, almost hurt.
“Life!” Ethan screamed. “Life! There was no reason for me to even be here for sixteen years! I might as well never have been born! I did nothing! And now I wink out of existence!”
“What about Birdseye?” Christian asked, hoping to reignite that buoyant spark, hoping he might remember how good that had felt. Naomi glanced sharply between them but, for once said nothing.
“We didn’t do any good,” Ethan said, turning to Christian. He spat the words out. “I don’t know why I let myself believe that we would. Who cares anyway? I don’t know why I did. What did I think? That it would bring some great, grand universal meaning? That it would tie up all the ends to my life and give me answers? It’s rubbish!” He screamed the last word. “It’s like all those stories you always make us read.” He turned on Mr. Wilson. “All those stories that are meant to teach us and help us grow and give us point! It’s rubbish! Stories don’t resolve conflicts! That’s because there is no universal meaning! No grand narrative! No answer!” 
“Shut up,” Paul hissed. “Just shut up.”
Ethan grabbed his head and screamed and screamed until he fainted. Then Miss Atherton and Mr. Wilson picked him up and carried him out of the room. Silence hung above the other children. Lizzy was crying, soft tears on her face. She turned away and wiped them aside. Paul sat down heavily on the desk. He looked like he might cry as well.
“He’s not right,” Christian said. “He-” But he could think of no way to continue. Maybe, for this, he was right. Maybe they got no meaning or point from their time on earth. Maybe they did see it as pointless.
“I wish my parents could have afforded to take us abroad,” Marina said. “I think I could have died happy then.”
There were nods around the classroom.
“I wish I’d have eaten whatever I wanted and not worried about putting on weight,” Bailey said.
They all nodded again.
“I wish I’d have won the lottery or something,” Paul said. “Fifty million.” Everyone murmured in agreement. “Then I could have been happy.”
“With fifty million I’d buy my own football team,” Pestell said.
“I’d buy a racing car,” Haylock said.
“I’d just get a house,” Naomi said. “With big gates and security guards who wouldn’t let people hang about outside.”
“What about you, Christian, what would you do?” Lizzy asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Fifty million,” Haylock said. “You can do anything. How would you spend it? Anything.”
“I don’t know.” Christian shrugged. “I’d probably just give it away.”
Paul laughed.
“No you wouldn’t,” he said. “Come on, what do you want?”
“Nothing,” Christian said. “I am serene. Just like this. I’m a full bottle. You can’t get another drop in me. It would be wasted on me.”
“You loser,” Paul said.
The door opened and Mr. Wilson came back in.
“How is he?” Lizzy asked.
“He’s ok. Miss Atherton is with him. I think he felt left out. Not part of your big fight.”
“He could have joined in,” Bailey said. “I asked him. He-”
“Now’s not the time to work out the intricacies of Ethan’s mind,” Mr. Wilson said. “Please go back in your seats and open your exercise books. We’ll do some elements from the periodic table until lunch.”
“Fe,” Paul said as they took their seats.
“Iron,” Elijah said.
“Au,” Haylock said.
“Gold.” Elijah grinned. “Give me hard ones, guys.”
Felix rolled her eyes.
“Christian, where are you going?” Mr. Wilson asked.
“Toilet,” Christian said from the doorway. “I’ll be back in a second.”
He left but didn’t go to the toilet. He hurried down the stairs and to the cupboard which they sometimes used as a sick room. He had just over twenty four hours until the end of the world. He still had time to make Ethan feel complete and not wasted, to make him feel worthwhile.
He knocked on the door. Miss Atherton was sitting on the bed beside Ethan and she looked up when she saw him.
“Should you be here, Christian?” she asked.
“I just wanted to see him,” Christian said. “We’re friends and the world ends tomorrow.”
Miss Atherton nodded. Ethan sat up on his elbows. His face was pale again, his bright eyes standing out. Miss Atherton stood up, smoothed her shirt down and left. Christian took her place on the bed.
“Have you come to tell me more about Birdseye?” Ethan asked.
“No,” Christian said. “I should never have got you involved in the first place. I’m sorry.”
Ethan frowned.
“Why not?” he said. “I was good, wasn’t I? We told him. I know he came back but we did what we could. For Naomi.”
“But, like you said,” Christian said. “There’s no point, really, is there.”
Ethan stared at him and then lay back down on the bed. He put his hands over his forehead and fixed his gaze on the ceiling.
“Yeah,” he mused. “I never thought you’d say that. You’re always so upbeat and happy.” Christian said nothing. Ethan sighed. “What is the point, in all this? Even if the world wasn’t going to end tomorrow, we all just die anyway.”
“You have to find the point for yourself, Ethan,” Christian said.
“Have you?”
“Of course I have. That’s why I’m always so upbeat and happy.”
Ethan looked at him. Christian wasn’t smiling. He was looking morose, almost as morose as Ethan’s best impression of morose. Ethan held out his finger. Christian touched it with the end of his own finger and then they both laughed. The nursery teacher had taught that to them when they’d been at playgroup together. When you chose your buddy for playtime, you had to touch fingers and hold them together so everyone knew you chose each other.
“I do feel worthless,” Ethan said.
“We all do,” Christian replied. “We’re all Keyton Grove, the kids of the poor families and we’re all here together.” He got up. “See you later, Ethan. You don’t have to worry about Birdseye anymore. In just over twenty four hours, we’ll all be gone anyway.”
Ethan sat up and watched him go. Christian, halfway down the corridor and hidden from view, smiled to himself.


Chapter Eight:
They paused in the hallway and craned their necks to look up the curved staircase to the first floor. A floorboard up there creaked slowly.
“That was just old house creaking,” Ross whispered.
A moan followed the creak. A long, low moan, similar to what they’d heard through the walls on the first day. The hairs on the back of Charlotte’s neck steadily rose as the moan went on and on. It tapered out but Charlotte’s hairs remained standing. She shivered and adjusted her grip on the roll of tin foil.
“Oh no,” Hayden whispered. “Oh no.”
Rosie shushed him. She picked up a poker from beside the fireplace. Charlie grabbed the iron dustpan. Michael Webb didn’t get anything. He just sniffed and wiped his nose on his sleeve.
“Ok,” Ross breathed and put a first step on the stairs. It creaked as he added his weight. “Everyone follow me. And keep quiet.”
“Right behind you, Ross,” Rosie said.
Ross turned and looked at them, the little gang huddled at his heels. He held out his finger and they all touched the tip of it with their own. Even Michael Webb did, although he went last, after watching everyone else.
“Let’s do this,” Ross said and turned to face the stairs.
Charlotte, standing close behind, still terrified but eager to climb the stairs, nodded. Ross put his next foot on the next step and carefully began to climb. Charlotte went next, then Rosie, Michael Webb, Charlie and Hayden at the back, whimpering and wiping his forehead, the broom tucked under his arm like a Sunday newspaper. 
When Ross reached the top step, he lay on the landing floorboards and glanced about. Charlotte crouched over him and Rosie crouched next to her.
“Nothing,” Rosie said. “Keep going.”
“Two rooms,” Ross said. “A cupboard and a bathroom.” Hayden whimpered when Ross pointed this out. “Should we split up and look at them or keep together?”
“Keep together!” Charlie hissed. “Splitting up will get us all killed.”
“Ok, stick together then.” 
Ross got to his feet and tiptoed across the landing to the first room. The door was slightly ajar and he used his table to push it slowly open. They all waited, hearts hammering, as the door swung in. Charlotte held her tin foil even tighter. When the door swung all the way and hit the wall behind it with a rattle, Ross stepped inside, table raised. The room was empty. The windows were neatly closed, the blinds nicely drawn, a single bed in the middle of the worn carpet, tidy and neat. A huge picture of a puppet hung above the bed. It wore a black and white baggy overall and had big red spots on its chin. Its head was turned towards them as its arms and legs hung in odd positions on their strings, dancing in grotesque shapes, the puppeteer unseen. 
“Creepy,” Charlie muttered. “Imagine if this was your room.”
“No one in here though,” Charlotte said. “No people or ghosts. Let’s check the other rooms out.”
They turned. The cupboard was right by the first bedroom and Rosie took hold of the door handle. Ross held the table up and nodded, giving her the signal to open it. She turned the handle and pulled. A great black cloud came billowing out towards them and Charlie screamed. Hayden leapt forward with his broom and started beating at the cloud, his face red and terrified.
“Stop, stop, stop,” Ross said and pulled him away. “It’s just an old coat.”
They looked at the heavy black overcoat, lying crumpled on the floor at their feet. Hayden stepped back, wiping his face. His hands were shaking.
“I thought it was a wraith,” he said and his voice trembled. “Sorry.”
“No harm done,” Ross said as Charlotte bent down and picked the coat up. The name on the label of the inner breast pocket said ‘Henry Harmon’. She hung it up on the peg on the back of the door and then turned to look at the rest of the cupboard. It was made up of dozens of shelves, stacked floor to ceiling, and all of the shelves were filled with boxes of old board games, old toys, bobbins, threads, ribbons, old fancy dress costumes neatly folded, boxes of cars, trains, empty shoe boxes, full shoes boxes and empty picture frames.
“Look how old this stuff is,” Charlie said and took a box out. She blew the dust off the top like they did in the movies and Hayden coughed loudly and waved his hands in front of his face. “Rummikub,” Charlie read off the front of the box. “I’ve never even heard of that.”
“This house doesn’t feel like it’s been lived in since ages ago,” Charlotte said as Charlie put the box back. “Like the seventies or something.”
“I bet that’s when they died,” Hayden said. “The Harmons or whatever the name in that coat was. And their ghosts have been here ever since, waiting for new bodies to take.”
“Shut up,” Rosie said and shut the door. “You are such a scaredy cat, Hayden.” She looked at Michael Webb. “Do you believe in ghosts, Michael?”
He thought. Then shook his head.
“Why not?”
“I’ve never seen one,” he said.
Rosie nodded and shrugged and this closed the matter. They left the cupboard and tiptoed back across the landing.
“Toilet first,” Ross said. “Then we’ll check the last bedroom.”
“This is the haunted toilet,” Hayden whispered as they approached the door. “I hope there’s not someone dead in the bath. Or the sink. Or on the toilet. Or-”
They all hissed at him to be quiet. Ross pushed the door open with the tip of the table and then they all drew back, as one. Beyond the door, the bathroom was expertly cleaned. The floor looked like it’d been mopped recently. The walls were stark white, bright and fresh. The sink and bath had no sign of mould or mildew and the taps all sparkled. The whole room smelt of lemon fresh scent.
“No ghosts in here,” Charlotte said. “This is better than out bathroom at home.”
She stepped inside and peered into the sink, down the plughole. Then she glanced out of the window. She could see the garden that she and Ross had sat in a few days before and the fence that they’d all passed the bikes over when they thought Michael Webb was a member of the Neighbourhood Watch who was going to report them. The garden looked very bright, sunny and inviting, either vindictively joyous that the world was going to end or blissfully unaware of it.
“You know who has really clean bathrooms?” Hayden said.
“Who?” Charlotte asked and turned away from the window.
“Murderers,” Hayden said. Rosie rolled her eyes. “It’s true. They chop up the bodies in the bathroom then rinse all the mess away and tidy everything up and leave it smelling beautiful so no one knows.”
“Shut up, Hayden,” Charlie said.
“No one can dispute murderers’ existence,” Hayden said as they all turned for the landing again. “Ghosts maybe, but murderers definitely exist.”
“One more room to check,” Ross said. “Then we can all go downstairs and watch T.V. or play pokemon cards and forget the idea that there’s anyone else in the house.”
“What about the toilet flush Michael heard?” Rosie asked.
Ross paused, then said, “one more room to check.”
They crossed the landing in a huddle and entered the last bedroom. This one was full of stuff, everything was loud and alive. There was a chest of drawers under the window, covered in little stuffed animals, tiny crystal figures, dollies, neat china, picture frames and model animals, all in different blazing colours, all in different sizes ranging from the width and depth of a thumbnail to the width and depth of a hole puncher. 
This little display had spilled out onto the window sill and onto several shelves around the room. Every inch was covered with little knick knacks, souvenirs, thimble collections, crystal collections, the complete set of all the Alice in Wonderland figurines. The models and makes clashed with one another; a crystal bear the size of Charlotte’s little finger was sitting next to a stuffed and ancient rag doll, whose poker face expression bore into the back of Charlotte’s skull. A little china cowboy was beside a poorly carved wooden giraffe, and a plastic car, which looked like it had been born from a Kinder Egg, was sat atop a metal tin with a lady’s face on the front. The lady had a speech bubble coming from her mouth and was saying “washing up? What washing up?” A picture above the bed showed a magnificent Red Stag, head in the air, antlers standing proud, a swan cruising on the surface of a lake behind it.
The wallpaper reflected the calamity of the room; it was maroon with pink and orange patches, surrounded by beige borders. The carpet was a motley of several different rugs and the bed was decked with four or five duvets, all of which, if possible, clashed with each other and the wallpaper and the carpets. The colour scheme reminded Charlotte of the time she’d put tomato sauce on top of baked beans and then eaten it; the running mess of dark orange and stark red, the sweet, tangy flavour that made her skin sweat, the overriding feeling that it wasn’t right. 
“This place is like Santa’s Grotto,” Charlie said. “Creepy.”
“No one in here though,” Ross said, glancing at the bed. “It’s empty.”
A door behind the bed, which all of them had missed in the confusion of the room, suddenly swung outward. They all glanced at it. Then they heard the deep, lamenting moan again. Charlotte jumped and dropped her roll of tin foil. It clattered onto a shelf and knocked several figurines aside. The moan grew in urgency. Charlie screamed. The door had opened wide enough for them to see what was beyond it. Another room and, in the doorway, the most terrible figure any of them had ever seen; thin and pale as vapour, a face filled with yellow skin and dark, sunken eyes, red lips pulled back from cracked and broken teeth. The mouth was open and the moan was coming from within. Charlotte screamed too and so did Hayden and Rosie. The figure lifted a skeletal grey hand and pointed straight at them. The fingernails were long and curved and brown, like old glass. 
“Run!” Ross shouted. “Everybody run!”
He had dropped the table. He grabbed Rosie, who was frozen in terror, and shook her. She dropped the poker and allowed herself to be pulled towards the door. Charlotte grabbed hold of Charlie and Michael Webb took the scruff of Hayden’s shirt. That broke the spell. He jumped up and sped for the door, pushing Ross and Rosie aside.
“A ghost!” he screamed as he clattered down the stairs. “A ghost! I said! I said!”
They all thundered down the stairs after him, tripping over themselves and one another, the moan from the ghost growing louder and louder behind them. Charlotte was at the back and she kept imagining those brown fingernails stroking the back of neck, the red lips on her ear as the moan seared into her head.
“Run faster!” she shouted and pushed Charlie. “Run!”
They all thumped into the hall and grabbed their bikes. Michael Webb threw the front door open and stood aside as they all pushed their bikes passed. Rosie ran up and opened the gate as Michael Webb shut the front door. They could still hear the moan coming from inside. Pushing her bike furiously up the drive, Charlotte glanced over her shoulder and saw the yellow face at the window at the top of the house. The dark eyes bore into her and she almost screamed again.
“Go, go, go!” she shouted instead as Hayden leapt on his bike in the road and began pedalling madly up the street. “It’s watching us! Go!”
Rosie jumped on Ross’ bike as he hared after Hayden. Charlie, whimpering and moaning herself, couldn’t get her feet to stay on the pedals.
“Michael, get on the back of my bike,” Charlotte said. “We’ve got to get out of here before that thing comes out.”
Michael Webb tried to climb onto the back of Charlotte’s bike but didn’t quite have the knack like Rosie and the other kids from school. Charlie had managed to get her bike going and was wobbling off up the road after Hayden and Ross, leaving Charlotte and Michael Webb behind.
“You ride,” Charlotte said. “I’ll go at the back.”
Michael Webb nodded and when Charlotte was safely on the seat behind him, they started off up the road after the others. Charlotte looked over her shoulder; the face was still at the window, watching them all flee up the street.

Miss Atherton was waiting by the foot of the stairs and, when Christian smiled at her as he passed, he saw that she had red rimmed eyes, like she’d been crying. He almost stopped to ask if anything was the matter but then he was halfway up the stairs and she was walking back to Ethan. He wondered what the problem was now. Was no one ready to face their mortality? Was no one just coming to terms with the end of all existence? In two days, they’d all be dead and gone. All these worries and anxieties wouldn’t exist. It wouldn’t even matter that they once had existed. They would be no more than sparkles on the dust in the air. That no longer existed. Why couldn’t people see that and just be at peace? Why couldn’t they just, accept the serenity?
He reached the landing and moved along to the classroom. If he got rid of Birdseye, maybe Naomi could accept the serenity. Her path would be clear. Ethan was a more complex case. It was his own brain that was blocking the serenity and Christian, as complete and as emphatic as he was, couldn’t help that.
“Long toilet trip,” Paul said when he came back in. “Did you see Mr. And Mrs. Brown off to the coast.”
“That’s disgusting!” Naomi said. “Sir, tell Paul to go home.”
“What?” Paul said and held open his arms. “It’s a natural part of life. Christian does it,” he said as Christian took his seat. “I do, Sir does, even you do as well, Naomi.” Naomi scoffed and rolled her eyes. “Don’t do that,” Paul said. “We all know you do. You’re not Kim Jung Il. You must sit on the toilet, ooh, I’d say, once a month with your temperament but you still do it.” 
“Now is inappropriate,” Mr. Wilson said. “Paul, maybe don’t discuss that here.”
Paul grinned.
“Come Thursday at six,” Marina said, “no one will ever do that again.”
“You better start going more frequently then, Naomi,” Paul said. “You’ll regret it come Thursday.”
“Back to the work, class,” Mr. Wilson said and tapped his chalk on the blackboard. “Come on.”
At lunch, Christian left Ethan and wandered down to the pond with Paul, Haylock and Pestell. Naomi and Lizzy sat on the stone wall nearby.
“You got any batteries for that yet?” Paul asked as Naomi got out her walkman.
“Yes, actually, Paul,” Naomi snapped. “But you won’t benefit from them at all.”
“Devastating,” Pestell muttered.
“Shut up, Pestell,” Naomi said and put one earphone in her ear. “No one likes you, not even your mum.”
She gave the other earphone to Lizzy as the boys all laughed and kicked stones about in the dirt. Haylock picked up a few pebbles and dropped them in the murky, scum filled water of the pond.
“Are you guys coming into school tomorrow?” he asked.
“I’ve got nothing else to do,” Paul said and got a cigarette out of his pocket. “Except wait to die.” He lit it, dragged on it, and then passed it to Haylock, who hesitated. “You’re dead in two days,” Paul said and blew smoke out into the air. “Just try it.”
Haylock dropped his handful of stones and took the cigarette. He sucked on it like it was a straw and immediately pulled away, coughing and clutching his chest, his eyes red.
“Ah man!” he shouted. “That’s terrible! How can you do that!?”
Paul laughed and put the cigarette back in his mouth. Then he handed it to Pestell. Pestell took it and dragged on it much more suavely. He paused, then blew smoke out into the air and handed the cigarette back to Paul. Christian turned away. He didn’t want it offered to him.
Naomi had taken the other headphone off Lizzy because “she wanted to hear the full song”. Lizzy stood up and came over to him.
“What you thinking about?” she asked.
“Nothing.”
“End of the world?”
“Sort of.”
“Did you talk to Mr. Wilson?”
“I did actually.”
“Did he give you any advice? On how to spend your last days on earth?”
“Yes, he had very good advice,” Christian said. “I’ve discovered that my one weakness might be following it through though.”
Lizzy smiled at him and then turned to Paul. She held out her hand for the cigarette and he handed it to her.
“You won’t be able to handle it,” he said. “But, by all means, try.”
She took it and dragged on it like Pestell had, calm, cool and collected. Then she handed it back, eyebrow raised. Haylock cheered and applauded as Paul took the cigarette, open mouthed. Christian smiled. When the boys’ attention had turned away, Lizzy gasped for air, spat out on the ground and dry heaved a few times.
“My God, that’s disgusting,” she said. “No one can actually enjoy that, can they?”
“You should have been an actress,” Christian said as she spat once more and straightened up. “You nearly fooled me.”
“What gave it away?”
“Running eyes.”
Lizzy wiped her eyes and grinned at him.
“I always wanted to be an actress,” she said. “I was going to RADA. Start off at the West End, move to Hollywood, get a couple of Oscars and then become a Dame for services to theatre.”
“That sounds really good.”
“It’ll never happen though,” Lizzy said. “How about you? What were you going to be?”
Christian paused.
“I have no idea,” he said. “I hadn’t really thought.”
“You can do anything though, can’t you,” Lizzy said. “You could have been anything you wanted.”
Naomi called to Lizzy to come back and sit next to her so she wasn’t on her jub. Christian looked at her. That was the problem; not Naomi being on her jub, but Christian and what he wanted. He wasn’t sure he wanted anything. 
The gate opened. Christian heard the familiar squeak of unoiled hinges. He didn’t turn for a few seconds. He was still wondering what he might have wanted to be when he was older. A doctor? Or a lawyer? Maybe a travel journalist or war correspondent. His great, great uncle James had fought in the Great War and, before he’d been killed at The Somme, he’d written back reams of letters filled with the things he had seen. Christian would have liked to have been part of history like that. 
Then, Christian returned to the present and dwelled upon the squeaky hinges. Who was coming into Keyton at this time? No one had left yet. His hackles went up and he stiffened. It was either the County High Kids, orchestrating a revenge attack, or Birdseye. He turned. It was Birdseye.
Felix and Bailey, who were practicing throwing the washing line back onto the hook on the wall, turned and watched as Birdseye walked up the drive, calm as you please. Marina and Elijah slid down from the top of the garage and watched him as well. Even the boys at the pond watched him in surprise. It was like a herd of zebras who have suddenly seen a lion walk into their patch of grass. No one knew whether to run, force him out or just ignore it. Naomi reacted first. She quickly took her headphones from her ears and put her walkman in her bag. Birdseye was carrying a crumpled Tesco carrier bag and he waved at her as she slid off the wall. Lizzy glanced at her and then at Birdseye; he was heading straight for them.
“Let’s get inside,” Lizzy muttered to Naomi and slid off the wall too.
“Naomi!” Birdseye said. “I thought you might still be at school. I’ve come to take you to lunch.”
Paul and Pestell grunted with laughter. Paul finished the cigarette and dropped it.
“Is this your boyfriend, Naomi?” he asked.
Birdseye grinned. Naomi glanced at him and Lizzy told him to shut up.
“Come inside, Naomi,” she said and took hold of Naomi’s wrist come on.
“No, she’s having lunch with me,” Birdseye said. He smiled at her and Christian saw that gaping hole in his teeth, the leering abyss. It looked bigger than ever. “Isn’t that right, Naomi?”
Christian didn’t know why Naomi didn’t tell him to get lost. Even now. She looked lost for words. Did she just like the attention? Or was she actually afraid of this man, in the smart clothes and with the missing tooth?
“Get lost,” Lizzy said to Birdseye. “We’ve got school.”
“The world ends tomorrow,” Birdseye said. “I don’t think Naomi is worried about school. Isn’t that right, Naomi?” Naomi looked down at her feet and tucked her hair behind her ears. Her cheeks were going red. Birdseye smiled. “See?” he said. “She can come with me.” 
He took her wrist. No one did anything. Christian wondered if this was like one of those times where people witness an abduction or domestic abuse or suspicious behaviour and no one does anything about it. They just witness and move on, allowing the victim to be led away and tortured or killed. Everyone thinks if it’s as obvious as this, it can’t be sinister. Sinister things don’t happen to us. Bad things don’t happen round here.
“Naomi, do you want to go with him?” Paul asked, frowning carefully at her. Naomi was still looking at her feet. “Say something!” he commanded.
And finally, thankfully, Naomi shook her head. Paul looked up at Birdseye.
“Leave her alone, mate,” he said. “She doesn’t want to go with you.”
But Birdseye hadn’t let go of her arm. Christian didn’t think he’d just come in today to be told to go home. He’d strolled into their garden today because he intended to get what he wanted. The others had come over from the garage and were standing in an awkward semicircle around Birdseye, waiting to see what would happen, wondering what to do. Christian hadn’t moved since he had first laid eyes on Birdseye but his mind was racing, faster and faster. He had to do something. Birdseye wasn’t going to be turned away by words. He had nothing to lose, almost twenty four hours until the world ended. He was going to do all he could to leave this on his terms. That meant another fight. How did you start a fight with a grown up? 
“Leave her alone.”
They all turned. Christian had expected to see Mr. Wilson there; someone surely had run to get him. But it was Ethan, standing between Marina and Felix and scowling at Birdseye.
“She doesn’t want to go with you,” he said. “Leave her alone. Get off our property.”
Birdseye smiled and showed his gappy teeth again. His little pig eyes squinted and wrinkles grew in his face like his skin was old leather. He tugged on Naomi’s arm.
“Come along, Naomi,” he said. “We’re leaving.”
Ethan stepped forward and raised the crow bar that Marina had been using earlier that day. Christian hadn’t seen it hidden by his leg at all. He didn’t pause and Birdseye didn’t have any time to react. Ethan swung it around and buried it into Birdseye’s stomach. Birdseye let go of Naomi’s wrist at once and fell forward, hands clasped around his waist. Paul, Haylock and Pestell immediately stepped forward to pull Naomi away from him. Ethan stood over Birdseye’s groaning and writing form, swinging the crowbar by his legs.
“Leave her alone, alright?” he shouted and brought the crowbar down on Birdseye’s ankles. Birdseye screamed. “If you come back here, or follow her or even talk to her, I’ll kill you, ok?” Ethan said and brought the crowbar down on Birdseye’s thighs now with a reckless ease, a wild abandon, like housewives who grabbed brooms and beat mice to death in the fifties. Birdseye’s screams intensified. “I said ok?!” Ethan shouted. He hit Birdseye on the ears with the crowbar. “Are you deaf? Did you hear me?!”
“That’s enough,” Christian said and stepped forward to take hold of the end of the crowbar. No one else had moved. They had been dumb, just watching, witnessing Ethan strike the man on the ground. Ethan glared at Christian, then let go of the crowbar. Christian took it and handed it to Haylock. “Get out of here, Birdseye,” Christian said. “Go on.”
“I I I I c c c can’t,” Birdseye gasped. He rolled over and stared up at them all. His face was red, veins pulsing on his brow, and that gap in his mouth was almost unbearable. Christian almost wished he’d let Ethan keep striking him. Would he have beaten him to death? Looking down at the man now, Christian was sure of it.
“N n n Naomi,” Birdseye said and held out his hands to her. “Please.”
“Get out of here!” Paul snapped as Naomi refused to look at the wreck on the floor. “Clear off, go on.”
He bent down and grabbed Birdseye by the collar, hauling him to his feet. Birdseye screamed again but Paul paid no attention. He hurled him towards the gate and Birdseye skidded along on the toes of his trainers for a few feet, then fell onto his knees. He wiped his hair from his eyes, clambered up and limped away without a backward glance. Paul turned to look at Ethan.
“That was amazing,” he said. “Forget about you missing the County High fight this morning. You totally took that guy down.”
Ethan didn’t smile. He just nodded, grim. His nostrils were flared and his fists clenched and Christian wondered, once more, if he had remained frozen and just kept watching, would he have been watching Ethan beat a man to death? Then what would they have done? Then how would any of them been serene? The others all nodded and patted Ethan’s shoulder, congratulating him before moving inside. Ethan didn’t bask in any of it. He just stood there, resolute as stone, eyes bright and hard, his bright red ears giving away the turmoil inside him. Naomi was the last one to leave. Christian was almost half up the path to the door. He hadn’t said anything to Ethan. He’d just looked at him and nodded. Ethan had nodded back. When he heard Naomi say Ethan’s name, he turned, just to watch, just to witness again. Naomi had her bag on her back and was looking at Ethan’s face. He was looking over the wall and towards the fields behind the village.
“Ethan,” Naomi said again, very, very softly so the sound wouldn’t carry far. “That was really nice. Thank you for helping me.”
Then she leant forward and kissed his cheek. Ethan turned to look at her but she was already moving passed, up the path to the door. She pulled a face at Christian as she barged in front of him and entered the school. Christian looked back to Ethan. He had a single finger on his cheek, where Naomi had kissed him, and he was smiling. It was a huge, pleased, proud, well deserved smile, a smile of peace and serenity. 

Oliver wanted to go home after that but Grace wouldn’t hear of it.
“Craig lives up the road,” she said. “It’s two minutes away. I’m not going all the way home tonight, then all the way back tomorrow when we can just finish it right now.”
Oliver started to cry.
“Go home then,” Grace snapped and started off up the road towards the pub. “Go and fetch the bike and cycle home!”
Sebastian looked between the two of them; Oliver’s big tears and red cheeks and the stubborn back of the retreating Grace. Oliver sometimes cried just to get what he wanted. He also cried when he knew he couldn’t have what he wanted. Sebastian shrugged at him and then made after Grace. After a while, he heard Oliver’s footsteps hurrying after him. Grace didn’t pause. She was striding on ahead, faster and more furiously than she had done all day.
“That’s life,” Sebastian sang to try and install some camaraderie in the group. “That’s what all the people say.”
“Riding high in April,” Grace turned round to sing and Sebastian was relieved to hear Oliver’s voice too, “shot down in May.”
“What are we going to do to Craig?” Sebastian asked, skipping forward to walk beside Grace now that they were all on the same side.
“I want to hear the end of the story,” Grace said, “then I’ll decide.”
They passed under the orange flare of the street lights, their shadows big and black on the icy road around them. Drifts of snow were piled up by car wheels and curbs. All was silent. There wasn’t anybody about. All the curtains of the passing houses were drawn. Oliver walked a few paces behind them, refusing to be part of the gang, even after the song, until they reached the pub and looked at Craig’s house; big and white, with no driveway, to the right of the pub. Sebastian folded his arms and Oliver copied him, both staring up at the house. Grace made sure the hat was firmly on her head.
“Car’s on the road outside,” Sebastian said. “The whole family might be in.”
“Then we’ll ask Craig to step outside,” Grace said. She looked both ways but there was nothing coming. “Come on.”
They crossed the road. Oliver stuck close to Sebastian now, sniffing and wiping his nose on his cuff. Grace didn’t pause but went straight up the front garden and knocked on the door. Sebastian and Oliver stood close behind her. Sebastian didn’t know what the time was. He wondered if people would still be up.
Without warning, the door flew open and they all saw a tall, thin woman standing there. The yellow light from the hall lit her up, catching Grace on the fringes and making her blink fast. The woman’s hair was neatly coiffed and she had makeup on. She gazed down at them through half lidded eyes and sniffed.
“We’re friends of Craig,” Grace said. “Can we speak to him please?”
The woman looked at Grace with a mixture of displeasure and disinterest. Then she glanced at Sebastian and Oliver, in the darkness over her shoulder.
“Craig!” she said, turning into the house. “Friends!”
She left the door opened and walked away, back into her house. After a pause, a small, scrawny boy in a jumper that was too big for him came skipping down the stairs. He was whistling.
“Where, mum?” he called and then saw the trio on his doorstep. He stopped whistling and frowned. “Who are you?” he said.
“We’re the people that know you killed Richard Basham,” Grace said. “Now get your shoes and come for a walk with us.”
Craig’s face fell at once. A look of utter horror closed over his eyes and he shook his head and backed into the stairs.
“No,” he breathed. “No, go away.”
“We got Kieran and the Eversham boy,” Grace said and took a step into his house. “They were good enough to cooperate. You come with us now or we’ll call the police.”
“Not the police,” Craig panted. “Please, please.” He swallowed. “They don’t think we had anything to do with it.”
“Come with us and we won’t call them at all,” Grace said and when Craig nodded, Sebastian realised that this boy must be the dull witted one of the group. He grabbed his shoes, called a hasty explanation to his mother, then slipped out of the house and shut the door behind him. It was suddenly very dark and very cold on the doorstep. Sebastian and Oliver stepped forward to surround Craig and Grace whipped out the curtain tie that she still had from the Eversham house. Craig balked at it and stepped back until he hit his front door.
“What are you going to do with that?” he said.
“Tie your hands up,” Grace said and handed the tie to Sebastian who stepped forward to do it. Craig pulled away, shaking his head. “Listen, we just want to hear exactly what happened,” Grace said. “Kieran told us and so did the Eversham boy. If you tell us the same story, if there’s no mistakes or differences, we’ll know you’re telling the truth and let you go. If there are differences or if we think you’re lying, we’ll take you to the police. Got it?”
“Please don’t tie my hands,” Craig said. 
“Please don’t lie to us,” Grace said.
“I won’t.”
Grace took the tie off Sebastian and put it in her pocket. Then she elbowed Craig off the step.
“Walk,” she said. “Turn left, towards the train station.”
Craig glanced over his shoulder at them. His bottom lip was trembling and he whimpered. Grace shoved him and he started to walk down the front garden. The trio followed him in a row, like a sombre funeral procession. Grace quickly looped the curtain tie around his neck and when he squealed and pulled away, she tightened it enough to make him choke.
“Insurance,” she said and loosened it slightly. Craig had stopped walking. He bent over by his gate and coughed, holding his throat. Grace kicked him. “Keep walking,” she said. “It’ll be easier for you if you do as we say, when we say it.” Craig straightened up, wheezing, hand still at his throat. But he started walking. “Tell us the story,” Grace said. “What happened that night?”
“We...we... we had detention,” Craig said and looked over his shoulder at them. Grace shoved him. He was much punier than the Eversham boy had been. Grace was taller than him and probably a lot stronger. He stumbled as her hand hit his back.
“We know that,” she said. “You had detention. You saw Richard after school as well. You decided to beat him up because there were no teachers around to stop you.”
“It wasn’t me!” Craig said and his voice rose in pitch. “I didn’t lay a finger on him at all! It was all the others. It was mainly Marcus, anyway. Marcus Black. He said to go and get him, he made us take his bag, he made us chase him. I didn’t do anything.”
“But you didn’t stop him,” Grace said. “It’s as good as doing it yourself.”
“No it’s not!” Craig said but his voice was whining and carried no conviction. Sebastian could see the train station up ahead. The overhead wires glittered in the street lamps. Grace was directing Craig, pushing him this way and that, leading him towards the tracks.
“If you didn’t want to hurt Richard, you’d have said something,” Grace said. “Or you’d have just gone home and not had anything to do with it, if Marcus wouldn’t listen. But we know you didn’t do that, Craig. We know when Marcus took his bag off him, he gave it to you and you kept it away from Richard.” Craig had stopped walked; he was looking over his shoulder at them, terrified of Grace and her words. She yanked on the tie and made him choke, then kicked him to get him moving. “And when Marcus told you to chase him, you chased him. And when the barriers went down for the approaching train, you helped block his exit. Don’t lie to us, Craig!”
“I didn’t want to do it!” Craig said. He tilted his face to the sky and wailed. “It was Marcus!”
“I’m growing tired of all your excuses about who did what and who wanted what,” Grace said. “Just tell us what happened. The barrier went down. Marcus said to stop Richard from running back and you all did. Then what happened?”
“He climbed over the barrier,” Craig said. “I shouted him back, honest I did, but... but... he couldn’t hear me. Marcus egged him on. He kept saying he couldn’t come back.”
“Why didn’t you pull Marcus away?”
“Because... I...he...”
“Shut up,” Grace said. “I told you: I’ve had enough of excuses. Just tell me the facts.”
Craig swallowed. The sound was audible. Grace kicked him and made him turn left, towards the pedestrian crossing for the railway line.
“He was on the tracks,” Craig said. “The barrier was down and the lights were all going but we couldn’t see a train. There wasn’t one in sight. Marcus put his hands on the gate and stopped him, Richard, climbing back over. It wasn’t anyone else. It was just him. He stopped Richard climbing back over. I think, I don’t know. None of us heard the train. It just wasn’t there. It was just silent. But,” he swallowed again. The pedestrian crossing was growing neared and nearer. “But it was weird silence. Like rushing leaves. Marcus pushed him, Richard, away from the fence. It was none of us, I swear. Definitely not me. I-”
“Just watched?” Grace said.
Craig murmured.
“Marcus...he’s so big...I didn’t want. Anyway, then it was too late. Then the train was at the crossing and it was going passed. Marcus nearly got knocked over by it. It was going so fast and it was so big. And then, and then, he, Richard, he wasn’t there at all. He was just gone.” He looked over his shoulder at Grace. “It was just like that, I swear. It happened so fast. We couldn’t have done anything.”
At the crossing, the lights started flashing and the barrier came down. Grace glanced at it over Craig’s head.
“You could have left him alone,” she said. “You could have just let him be. You could have just gone home. Then he’d be with his family now and you’d be with yours.”
She stepped towards the crossing and yanked on the tie. Craig choked but had to follow her or be strangled. She couldn’t have done it with the Eversham boy but Craig was such a skinny wretch. She dragged him to the gate and forced his head and neck over, so he looked like a man with his head resting on the chopping block, the axe positioned above him. Craig screamed. Sebastian stepped forward and took Grace’s arm.
“This is a bit extreme,” he said.
“It’s what they did to Richard,” she said and took hold of Craig’s shoes. She tipped him over the gate so he fell on the track. “The world ends in two days. We’ll face no repercussions. Justice will have been done.”
“It’s not our place to do it,” Sebastian said. Craig tried to climb back over and Grace pushed him back.
“Who will do it then?” Grace snapped and turned to face him, her face alight with anger. “His parents? The police? A judge and jury? In two days? Richard needs to be avenged and this is how we do it.”
“Please!” Craig screamed from the tracks. “Please! It wasn’t me! It was Marcus! He-”
“You never stopped him,” Grace said. “You’re as guilty as he is. And this is your punishment. Why don’t you try and run for the other side? See if you can make it.”
Craig looked at her, his eyes filled with tears of horror, his memory stirring at the words. Then he leapt for another bit of fence, away from Grace, and tried to haul himself over that. Except he couldn’t because Oliver was there and Oliver unprized his fingers from the top of the gate and pushed him, so that he stumbled backwards.
Sebastian looked up the line; there was no sign of the train. All was silence but it was a weird silence, like rushing leaves, like wind in an empty tunnel. Craig screamed again. A bell had started chiming on the crossing. The lights flashed, amber, amber, amber, lighting up four pale faces in the darkness. Craig screamed and grabbed his head. He knelt down on the tracks, his arms tucked over his ears. Sebastian stepped backwards. He didn’t want to be splattered. He didn’t want any of this but he didn’t know how to stop it. And maybe Grace was right. The noise of the rushing leaves grew louder and louder. The flashing amber seemed to be screaming as well now. Grace’s face was a mask of delight and retribution, flaring every few seconds as the overhead wires clicked and whizzed. Sebastian felt the blood in his brain pulsing with his heart, screaming and roaring, deafening him as the lights burned into his eyes and Craig’s scream vanished into the night.


Chapter Nine:
Christian hurried up the stairs to the classroom. Everyone else was standing on their chairs or tables, still celebrating. Paul took hold of the stag and swan crest on his blazer and kissed it.
“Where’s Ethan?” Paul asked Christian when he came inside. “Where’s the hero of the hour?”
“Just coming.”
“No more time for heroes today,” Mr. Wilson said, then added: “What have you been doing now? You haven’t been fighting with the County High lot again have you?”
“No,” Marina said. “Ethan just beat up Captain Birdseye.”
“Right.” Mr. Wilson pushed his glasses up his nose. “P.E. now, guys.” The class groaned. “Go and get changed. And don’t anyone go beating up the Colonel or Ronald McDonald. Just leave them alone.”
“He thinks we mean Captain Birdseye,” Bailey said as they picked up their bags and headed for the door. “The fish finger man.”
“No der, pudding pal,” Paul said and shoved him.
They all went downstairs and got changed into their P.E. kits. It was a motley of oversized shirts, undersized shorts and enough shoe sizes to stock a footwear store. 
“I can’t believe we’re running the day before the world ends,” Lizzy said, folding her arms and standing by the outside door. “This is torture.”
“It’s a nice day for it,” Christian said and peered out of the window. “And least it’s not snowing or frozen out there.”
“Easy for you to say,” Paul said and peered passed him to see down the drive as well. “You run it in twenty minutes. The rest of us are out there for ages.”
“Ok, guys,” Mr. Wilson said from the corridor. “Out we go. You know the route. No stopping, no slackers. This is the last time you get to do this so put some energy into it.”
Naomi scoffed and rolled her eyes. Pestell pushed the door open and then they all spilled out into the fresh air. They walked down the drive and reluctantly bumped into a jog when Mr. Wilson called out to them. He was still standing in the doorway with Miss. Atherton. She was in her P.E. kit and looked very small and pale that morning. Christian glanced at her before he went through the gate; she looked as though she’d been crying again.
They took to the road and began to spread out in their ordinary running sequence: Bailey was at the back, then Lizzy, Naomi (who could have run much faster but she just chose not to try), Haylock, Paul (who was so far back for the same reason as Naomi), Elijah, Marina, Felix, Pestell and Christian, who trotted on and on until Pestell was just a dark shaded figure on the road behind him. As he ran, Christian noticed that Mr. Wilson hadn’t come out at all; normally he stayed just ahead of Pestell so that he could keep his eyes on everyone else and make sure no one snuck back to the school. Christian wondered if he had come at all. Ethan wasn’t there either. Christian hadn’t seen Ethan since Naomi had been nice to him. Maybe he was embarrassed to see her again. Or maybe he was scared. If she was mean to him again, it might hurt his feelings worse than ever.
Christian climbed over the style and set along the crest of the field, looping back on the town and coming at the school from the side. The crops were dusted with moisture and this clung to his long socks as he went passed, soaking his shoes and making his toes rub together. Normally, when he ran this stretch of the run, he was going fast; his absolute fastest, because they were nearly back at the school and he wanted to burn everything up before stopping. This day, however, he went slowly, and he couldn’t work out why. This was unusual too because normally, he knew everything: why everyone else did things, what everyone else would do but also why he did things, what he was going to do. He knew the most honest and sincere intentions of his heart, which, for most people, were unobtainable.
On that day, however, he went slowly and he didn’t know why. Was he worried about the end of the world? Unlikely. He was ready for the end. And maybe Naomi was too. Perhaps, even Ethan. Christian had done his bit. He had helped others. So why did he go so slowly?
He jumped the wall and landed in Keyton’s front garden. Mr. Wilson wasn’t in sight and neither was Miss. Atherton. Christian wondered if they’d followed on. He went up to the back door, kicked his shoes off and went inside. He meant to go to the changing rooms but in the corridor, he heard a noise from upstairs. It was the sound of someone crying. He knew it was Miss. Atherton at once. He paused, then slowly went up the stairs, his ears strained. It was definitely her alright and she was definitely crying. When he reached the top corridor, he heard Mr. Wilson’s voice say something in reply. He paused once more, then continued. He didn’t want to spy, so when he reached the opened door of the classroom he stood in full view. He knew, if he kept quiet and made no movement, they wouldn’t acknowledge him. Miss. Atherton was sitting on the teacher’s chair behind Mr. Wilson’s desk. Mr. Wilson was standing awkwardly by the blackboard, one hand in his pocket, the other holding a box of tissues. He held this out to Miss. Atherton and she took one and blew her nose on it.
“I mean,” she said, her voice nasal, and dropped the tissue in the bin; there were already loads in there, “he’s always been there. Always. And this week, he’s just gone. Gone.” She started crying again and put her hands over her face. Mr. Wilson offered her the box of tissues again. He looked like he was pained himself. Miss. Atherton took another tissue and began to dab her eyes with it. “I don’t know what to do,” she said and looked up at Mr. Wilson, “now he’s gone. What should I do? What can I do?”
Christian wondered if she were talking about a friend or boyfriend, someone who had abandoned her because the world was ending. She certainly looked very upset. He felt sorry for Mr. Wilson. He put the box of tissues on the desk and knelt down beside Miss Atherton. He took her hand.
“You can only do what you’ve always been doing,” he said. “If he’s gone now, he never was there.”
Miss Atherton started crying again. She left her hand in Mr. Wilson’s and put her spare one over her face.
“But I want him to be there,” she said. “I want him to. I miss him.”
“You miss the security of having him,” Mr. Wilson said. “Everyone would. Just because he’s gone though, doesn’t mean you have to change anything you do. You got where you are today on your own, without him.” Miss Atherton sniffed and looked up. “You negotiated a million challenges and tests to be who you are,” Mr. Wilson said and smiled at her. “All you. Not him. If he’s gone now, if he was never there, it just means you are all the more powerful. It was always you. No one else. You should be glad he’s gone.” Miss Atherton almost started to wail at this but Mr. Wilson spoke quickly. “You see, if he was still here, you’d think you owed him something, that he’d given you help over the years. But, without him, you know he never has been there and anything you’ve done, everything you’ve done, has come about because you made it happen.” Miss Atherton blinked down at him and Christian knew who they were speaking about. Mr. Wilson pulled something from his pocket. “Do you want me to throw this out?”
“No,” Miss Atherton said. She took it from him and slipped it into her shirt so fast, Christian almost didn’t see. As she was tucking it beneath her collar though, he caught the red beads and dark chain of the tail of a rosary. Miss Atherton smiled at Mr. Wilson. “I like the security,” she said. “I think I’m going to need it for this last day.”
Mr. Wilson might have said something else then but he knew Christian was there. He let go of Miss Atherton’s hand and stood up, clearing his throat.
“Christian,” he said and turned. “How was the run?”
“Ok,” Christian lied. He saw a movement down the corridor and knew it was Ethan, creeping up from wherever he had positioned himself to avoid meeting Naomi. 
“We’re going to do cooking this afternoon, boys,” Miss Atherton said as Ethan snuck behind Christian. She got another tissue and wiped her face, then smiled. She looked almost back to normal again. “Chocolate and orange muffins.”
“Do they have to have orange in?” Ethan said.
Miss Atherton laughed.
“Not if you don’t want yours to, Ethan.”
“I heard you beat up Captain Birdseye,” Mr. Wilson said. He sat on the desk beside Miss. Atherton and looked at Ethan. “What did Marina mean by that?”
Ethan put his hands in his pockets and shrugged. Mr. Wilson and Miss Atherton looked at Christian. Christian thought quickly. He didn’t want to lie to them, not a day before the world ended, but neither did he want to tell them something that Ethan didn’t want them to hear.
“He just stood up for us,” he said. “Against some of the other kids.”
Ethan shot him a grateful glance.
“You have always fought with those children,” Mr. Wilson said. “Thank Goodness the world is ending because, every time you do, the head always rings me up and demands we have a meeting to resolve it.”
“Really?” Christian said. “I never knew that.”
“That’s because nothing ever gets resolved,” Mr. Wilson said. “That old head is such a stuck up snob.”
“That’s just what all the kids are like,” Ethan said.
“Do you feel glad you stood up for Keyton?” Mr. Wilson said. “Or were you just doing it because of what Paul said this morning?”
Christian glanced at Ethan, expecting him to react badly to this question. It was certainly very direct and completely unlike Mr. Wilson. Ethan scowled, as Christian would have expected, then he shrugged again and put his hands in his pockets.
“I didn’t mind what Paul said this morning,” Ethan said. “I minded that he said anything.” He looked up. “Does that make sense?” Mr. Wilson nodded. “And, with Birdseye, I’d have done it if it was at any other school. I didn’t do it just because it was Keyton but because it was the right thing to do. I could have done it ages ago but I didn’t because I didn’t want people to think I was just doing it because it was the right thing to do.” He looked at Mr. Wilson. “Does that make sense? I don’t think it does and my mum says I’m so contrary because I’m a teenager and it’s what happens. Maybe that’s what I’m doing, I’m just being contrary.”
“People always dismiss teenagers so easily,” Mr. Wilson said. “They’re hormonal, they’re angsty, they’re going through changes so it’s alright to ignore them.” Ethan smiled and Christian knew he’d heard this a million times before. “’One day’,” Mr. Wilson continued, “people say ‘teenagers will come out of this period and be grown ups, they’ll be real people’, like caterpillars going through cocoons and then coming out, into butterflies. I always used to be scared, though, that when you’re a teenager, you are your true self. That is you, all that worry and passion and energy: that is who you are. That is your child self intensified and surely there’s no truer reflection of us than our child self, untouched, undamaged, simply responding to the world as we see fit.” Mr. Wilson got up off the desk and walked around to the blackboard. They all followed him with their eyes, Ethan, Miss. Atherton and Christian. He’d never thought of himself as a caterpillar or in a cocoon, or a butterfly. If the metaphor was correct, he’d been a butterfly since he was about eight. There was no such thing as teenaging for him. “Then you suddenly mellow out, you cool down, you become Grown Up,” Mr. Wilson said. He picked up a piece of chalk and began writing on the blackboard. “And that’s not a true reflection of you. Then, you’re just like a million other grownups, old, struggling with careers, money, having the same cares and worries as a hundred million other people. The colour and depth of your true self has gone. It blew out when you were a teenager. You’re not calm and level headed as a grown up, you’re not mature and sensible or rational. You’re just boring. You were who you were meant to be when you were eleven, when you were fifteen, no matter how many grownups dismissed your fears and anxieties. They were real. As a grownup, you’re you but slowed down, cooled down, dull, like lava that’s lost its heat. Boring and the same as a million other chunks of lava out there, littering the foot of the volcano.”
He finished writing on the blackboard and stepped back. Ethan and Christian stepped forward to see what he had written.
“Fourteen Signals on the Way to Dover,” Miss. Atherton read. “What is that?” 
“It’s a novel I wrote when I was fifteen,” Mr. Wilson said. “I wanted to get it published. I showed it to everyone I knew, all my family and my friends, my teachers and they all helped me try and find a publisher or an agent for it.”
“What happened to it?” Christian asked.
“Oh, I just grew up,” Mr. Wilson said and wiped the board clean. A dusty white smear covered the place where the novel had been. “I had to get a job, I had to earn money. I put the novel away and always intended to go back and find a way to sell it but I never have. I never did, I should say. There’s no chance now. I looked at it, a few years ago, and had no idea it was something I’d written. I didn’t sound like me at all. I had no idea I carried such thoughts when I was a boy. I wondered what had happened to them. Where had they all gone? I guess,” he turned to smile at Ethan, “I just grew up. All that lava cooled, like it does with everyone, and all those intricacies and colours faded away. So Ethan, don’t be worried about being contrary or being hormonal. It’s part of the power and passion of who you are. When you’re thirty, you probably won’t be anything like you are now. And, I think, if given the chance to remember, you’ll miss being who you are now. Ride your own emotions, do what you think you should, when you think you should.”
“I won’t ever be thirty,” Ethan said. “None of us will.”
“Then you die complete,” Mr. Wilson said and put a hand on Ethan’s shoulder. “You die as who you are, as who you were meant to be. I die as some beautiful butterfly, one of a million, who is nothing at all like the unique little caterpillar that fought so hard to bring him into life. Who is nothing like the boy who wrote that novel.” They heard feet clattering in the corridor below them and turned for the door. “Go and get changed,” Mr. Wilson said and nodded to the stairs. “Then to the kitchen for muffins.”
Christian and Ethan nodded. They left. Christian paused at the door; Miss. Atherton had just stood up. She looked like she might say something but Christian knew it’d be directed at Mr. Wilson and not himself. He shut the door and followed Ethan down the stairs to the changing rooms.

They all stopped at the park, panting, their hair on end. Charlotte’s legs were trembling with fright and she fell off the seat. Michael Webb unbalanced and fell over as well, the bike clattering to the playground between his legs.
“I told you,” Hayden said and wiped his forehead. “Ghosts.”
“It wasn’t a ghost,” Ross said and Rosie jumped off the bike.
“What?” Hayden said. “Of course it was! Did you not see it?”
“It wasn’t a ghost,” Ross said again. He looked at Charlotte. “We have to go back.”
Hayden and Charlie both gave cries of indignant shock and surprise.
“Are you mad?” Charlie said. “Go back? Now?! With that, that, thing up there?! I’d sooner be hit by a bus.”
“Ross, listen to me,” Hayden said. “It was a ghost. A full on poltergeist. If we go back, it’ll eat our souls or something.”
“It wasn’t a ghost,” Ross said. “You believe me, right, Charlotte?”
“Um...” Charlotte said. “Maybe. What else was it?”
“Just an old woman,” Ross said. 
“What?” Hayden was apoplectic with confusion. “Ross, what are you talking about?”
“Even if it was a woman,” Charlie said, “we still definitely shouldn’t go back. We’ve been in her house for the last few days. We’ve done breaking and entering. She’s probably really mad. If we go back, she might call the police or something.”
“It’s the end of the world tomorrow,” Charlotte said. “The police won’t care about a thing.”
“If it was an old woman capable of being angry at us,” Ross said, “she’d have come down the stairs before today. She’d have shouted at us when we were in her room earlier.”
“What are you saying?” Rosie asked. “She can’t get angry?”
“I think she’s probably ill,” Ross said and turned his bike around. “Maybe bedbound. Maybe she needs to go to hospital but, like Charlotte said, they don’t care about a thing anymore. She’s just been abandoned. We need to go back.”
“You were the one that told us to get out of there,” Hayden said. “And now you want us to go back?”
“I’ve had time to think,” Ross said. “It’s definitely someone who needs help.” He looked around at them. “Who’s coming?”
“I’ll come, Ross,” Rosie said and climbed back on the bike.
“And me,” Charlotte said. 
“No way,” Hayden said and shook his head. He turned his bike to face the opposite direction. “No way. I’m never going back there.”
“Me neither,” Charlie said.
“Come on, guys,” Ross said. “The world ends tomorrow. This is our last chance for an adventure.”
“I’ve had enough of adventures for a lifetime,” Charlie said.
“Ok, this is our last chance to help someone,” Ross said. “If it was your grandma in that house, all alone and ill, wouldn’t you want someone to be with her?”
Charlie groaned. Hayden put his head between his handlebars.
“Are you coming, Michael?” Charlotte asked.
He nodded and picked up the bike. He clumsily climbed back on and Charlotte got on the seat behind him. Ross kicked off and led the way back to the cottage, Michael Webb and Charlotte moving slowly behind them. Hayden and Charlie exchanged a glance and then followed.

They got back to Grace and Oliver’s house after midnight. Oliver hadn’t wanted to cycle back and Grace had left him crying by the side of the road.
“We can’t just leave him there,” Sebastian said, pedalling beside Grace as she zipped home.
“If he can’t keep up, that’s his fault,” she said. “He’s always holding me back. It’s nearly Thursday. I need to get this done by then. It doesn’t matter if he’s out here on his own when the world ends or somewhere with me. The world is still going to end and I need to get this done.”
The two of them pedalled on in silence. It was pitch black on the back lanes. They left the street lamps behind in Leigh. Grace knew the way to go as though she’d cycled these roads in the dark every day since she’d been born. Sebastian wondered if Oliver knew the way quite as well. He doubted it but he didn’t want to go back. All the excitement and energy was coming from Grace and he wanted to be part of that.
“Did you know that was going to happen to Craig?” Sebastian asked as they cycled. Grace was going a tiny bit faster than him and he was starting to fall behind. He knew she wouldn’t wait for him either, so he stood up on his pedals and caught her up.
“What?”
“With the train line?”
“I was always going to take him down there,” Grace said. “I thought it might have made him relive the day with Richard and make him feel guilty. The fact that the barriers came down was just an added bonus.”
“Not that,” Sebastian said. “With the train and the lights?”
“Oh, I knew,” Grace said. “When the barriers came down, I remembered the station at Tonbridge. The crossings are probably on some sort of timer, I guess.” Sebastian nodded. “It was the greatest punishment we could devise,” Grace said. “Because now he knows what it feels like, what Richard went through. Except, Richard did die. Craig just gets to live the next two days with the memory.” 
Sebastian nodded again. After a few minutes, the lights at the crossing had stopped flashing and the barrier had come up. Craig had been lying on the track, completely silent and Sebastian wondered if he’d passed out. Then Grace stepped forward and kicked him.
“Get up and get home,” she said.
Craig sniffed. His face was scarlet and the veins were popping in his neck and forehead. 
“Where’s the train?” he said and his voice was barely more than a croak.
“They’re not running on this line anymore,” Grace said and kicked him again. “Get home before I tie you to the fence.”
Craig didn’t need to be told again. He scrabbled to his feet and sprinted off up the road, stumbling and tripping, glancing over his shoulder at the three of them standing on the crossing.
“At least we now know what happened that night,” Grace said as she and Sebastian cycled home. “I know it was a group effort and they all deserve punishment but this Marcus Black figure is obviously the spearhead of the group. We’ll visit him last, closest to the end of the world, and give him everything we’ve got.”
“Who’s next then?” Sebastian asked.
“The fourth boy,” Grace said. “I don’t know his name. We’ll check the newspaper article at home and get him tomorrow.”
A car came skidding round the corner in front of them and almost lost control on the bend. The headlights picked them out and Sebastian blinked and threw up an arm to shield his face. Neither he nor Grace (nor Oliver, hopefully somewhere behind them) had any reflective gear on or helmets. They were just dark shapes by the side of the road. The car veered round them at the last second, blasting its horn as the wheels screeched on the road. Sebastian felt its metal flank pass within inches of his right arm. 
“That was close,” he said as the car shot passed and continued down the road. “I hope Oliver is ok.”
“If the car missed us, it’ll miss him too,” Grace said, dismissively. “We’re nearly home anyway.”
They got in and Grace went straight to sleep. Sebastian tried to talk to her about Oliver but she snapped at him and shut her bedroom door. Sebastian had a drink and a sandwich and then thought about cycling back and making sure Oliver was ok. He didn’t have long to think. After a few minutes, he heard the crunching of little tyres on the drive and looked out of the window. He saw Oliver by the gate. He threw his bike down angrily and marched into the house. Sebastian smiled.
“Fun cycle?” he asked as Oliver pushed the door open.
“Leave me alone!” Oliver shouted and stormed into the family room.
“It’s just a joke,” Sebastian said.
“You never even waited for me!” Oliver said and burst into tears.
Sebastian sighed. Oliver was always crying. He got him a drink and then turned the television on. Oliver cheered up at this; at nine years old, he’d never watched T.V. after midnight before.
Grace woke them up at nine the next day. They’d both slept in the lounge, under blankets and with the television still on.
“I’ve made breakfast,” Grace said. “It’s on the table. Hurry up and eat it because we’ve got boy number four to get today.”
“Do you know who he is and where he lives?” Sebastian asked.
“I’m going to find out,” Grace said. She held up the newspaper and began to read: “Kyle Jones, one of the boys who was with Richard at the park before the tragic accident said ‘none of us can believe it. It was a complete shock’.” She looked up, smiling triumphantly. “Kyle Jones,” she said. “He must be boy number four.”
“We have to be sure,” Sebastian said, echoing her words as he sat at the table. Oliver pulled up a chair next to him; he wouldn’t look at Grace. 
“Kyle Jones rings a bell,” Grace said. “I’ve heard his name before. He must be one of the boys. I’ll get the phonebook.”
“There’s going to be loads of Jones’,” Sebastian said as she left the dining room and then quickly re-entered with the phone book. “Loads and loads.”
“Then we’ll just have to visit each one before the end of the day,” Grace said. She dropped the heavy book on the table with a bang. Oliver pulled a face.
“I’m not visiting loads and loads of houses,” he said. “I don’t want to.”
“You don’t have to,” Grace snapped, flicking through the phone book. “We don’t need you. You only slow us down. It’d be better if you stayed here anyway.” Oliver’s big, pink bottom lip started to curl over and his eyes welled up. “Don’t be such a cry baby,” Grace said, scanning the phone book. “You know it’s true.”
Oliver began eating his sausage and bacon, sniffing into his knife and fork. Sebastian tried to catch Grace’s eye and roll his own, to instil some sort of camaraderie between the two of them, some shared feeling: ‘Oliver. What a baby, eh?’ Grace didn’t look up.
“There are five Jones in the area of the school,” she said. She took a sheet of paper from the desk and a pen. “I’ll write the addresses down and then I’m going to cycle out and meet each one of them.”
“I’m coming too!” Sebastian said, panicked that she might leave him behind as well. “I can cycle as fast as you. I can.”
“I don’t want to stay here on my own!” Oliver said and began to cry again. “Don’t leave me, Sebastian.”
“For God’s sake, Oliver!” Grace snapped and slammed the phone book shut. “Me and Sebastian left the hotel to find these boys and that’s what we’re going to do! You can’t expect us to stay at home with you if you’re too much of a baby to stick with us. Why don’t you just go back to the hotel!?”
“I don’t...I don’t... I don’t know where it is!” Oliver sobbed.
“That’s life,” Grace said. She looked at Sebastian and grinned. He rolled his eyes.
“That’s life,” he sang. “That’s what all the people say.”
“Shut up!” Oliver shouted and stamped his foot. “This isn’t funny!”
“Sebastian,” Grace said, ignoring him, “I’ve got the addresses written down. The nearest one is two miles away. Are you ready to go?” Sebastian finished his last sausage and nodded frantically, ignoring Oliver crying next to him. “Good. Put your plate in the dishwasher and then meet me outside ready to go. Oliver, see you later.”
She left the room. Sebastian got up to go and Oliver grabbed his sleeve.
“Please don’t leave me,” he said. “I don’t want to be here on my own.”
“Watch T.V. or something,” Sebastian said and pulled his sleeve free. He knew it was mean but Grace was right; they had come here to do something and he wanted to do it. He didn’t know Richard but he wanted to finish the job and he wanted to stay with Grace. She always had adventures.
He left Oliver at the table, wiped his mouth on his sleeve and went outside. Grace was already sitting on her bike by the road. Sebastian grabbed his uncle’s and pushed it next to her.
“Do you know what we’re going to do to Kyle Jones when we find him?”
“Now we know the story,” Grace said, “we can be a lot more direct. And severe. We know they trapped him on the line when the train was coming. Whether it was Marcus Black or all of them doesn’t matter. They all deserve to pay.”
“So what are we going to do?” Sebastian asked.
“We’re going to burn his house down,” Grace said flatly. “Not out and out kill him. Burning his house will give him a chance to escape. But he’ll have the fear in there. The fear for his life that Craig felt last night.”
“What if other members of his family are in the house?” Sebastian said. His heart was thumping madly. “What if we burn them too?”
“They deserve to be punished for raising such a wicked boy,” Grace said. She looked at Sebastian. “We’re not killing them,” she said. “We’re just putting them in a situation where they may be killed. Only may.”
“Is that right?” Sebastian said. “Can we do that?”
“I told you,” Grace snapped. “No one else will get justice for Richard. The boys won’t go to prison. They won’t get what they deserve. So it’s up to us.”
“I’m not...I mean, I don’t mean like prison and that,” Sebastian said.
“Then what do you mean?”
“Say we start a fire and Kyle Jones dies,” Sebastian said. “Or his mum or his nan or something. Say we cause a death and-”
“Kyle caused the death,” Grace said. “Not us. If you don’t want to do it, stay home with Oliver.”
“No, I’ll come, I’ll come,” Sebastian said, quickly. He put one leg over his bike. “I’ll come.”
As he said this, the back door opened and Oliver came out. He had a helmet on today and Sebastian wondered how close that car had come to knocking him off his bike last night.
“I’m coming!” he yelled and ran down the drive. He picked up his bike, still lying in the same place he had discarded it a few hours before. Grace smiled at him, almost proud.
“Well done, Oliver,” she said. “We’ve got five houses and a day to do them in, so we’ll go slowly for you.”
Oliver looked at her and scowled.
“Five houses?” he said.
“Yes, now, come along. If you don’t get up in the morning expecting to conquer the world by the end of the day,” Grace said and started pedalling down the street, in the opposite direction they’d gone the day before, “you shouldn’t be getting up at all.”


Chapter Ten:
Mr. Wilson finished lessons at one o’clock the next day, Thursday 26th January.
“I thought you should spend these last few hours at home,” he said, “with your families. It’ll also give you all a chance to say goodbye to each other.”
The class looked nonplussed at this. Outside, the sky was grey and the windows were rain flecked. The tall branches of the bare trees swayed in a light gale. Miss Atherton was sitting by the window, hands clasped on her lap, watching them all. Mr. Wilson wiped the board clean. No one moved. 
“So you can all go,” he said when he turned and saw that no one had moved. “Go home and enjoy the end of the world.” His eyes narrowed. No one had shifted or said anything. “What are you all up to?” he said. “What’s going on? Why aren’t you racing home?” He rolled his eyes. “This hasn’t got anything to do with the County High kids, has it?”
“We’re just going to remind them, one final time,” Marina said in a rush, “who we are and how we beat them every day.”
Felix and Bailey shushed her frantically. Paul rolled his eyes.
“Chill out, guys,” he said. “Mr. Wilson wouldn’t try to stop us if he could, would you, sir?”
“I don’t know,” Mr. Wilson said and started wiping the clean blackboard again. “It depends on what you have in mind. You’re not planning on hurting anyone are you?”
“Nothing like that,” Marina said. “We’re just going to destroy some property.”
“Well, I won’t condone that.”
“In six hours,” Paul said, “there won’t be any property to destroy anyway.”
Mr. Wilson looked at Miss. Atherton.
“What do you think?” he said.
“I think we leave them to it,” she said and smiled. Marina punched the air and Bailey clapped. “It’s the end of the world,” she added, looking at Mr. Wilson, “and they’re making sure it goes down with Keyton pride.”
“Right.” Mr. Wilson put the blackboard rubber down and pushed his glasses up his nose. “Have you got everything you need then?”
“We just need the classroom to finalise plans,” Marina said. “To make sure everyone knows what they’re doing and when.”
“Ok.” Mr. Wilson put his hands on his hips. Marina stared back at him. “Is that a subtle request for us to leave?”
“It is,” Marina said. “I didn’t factor you in the plans at all. Sorry.”
Mr. Wilson smiled.
“Come on then, Miss. Atherton,” he said. “Let’s leave them to it. Have a nice end of existence, everyone. I’ve enjoyed teaching you.”
He stepped forward and shook Haylock’s hand, then picked up his bag and moved to the door without a backward glance. Miss. Atherton followed, waving over her shoulder. She shut the door behind her.
“Right,” Marina said and pulled a piece of paper from her inside blazer pocket. She unfolded it and then laid the plans on the table. “Here’s how it goes.” She glanced up. “I’ve planned for all eleven of us to be involved,” she said, “no one’s got cold feet have they?” Ten heads shook back at her. “Good.” Marina looked back at the plans. “It’s very simple. I don’t know if any caretakers or teachers or even kids will be at the school but I’ve decided it’s best if we split into three attack parties: two fours and a three. We access the school here,” she tapped the map, “the side window of the boys changing rooms. Here, the D.T. corridor, and here, the girls ground floor toilets on the science corridor. I’ve photocopied the plans of the school so you can all see.” Bailey stood up and handed Paul and Lizzy sheets of paper. “Paul and Lizzy, you’ll lead the two four person parties,” Marina said. “The maps are there for you to plan your route from your entry window to the third floor science corridor. We’ll rendezvous there fifteen minutes after splitting up outside. Once there,” Marina began folding up the piece of paper and tucked it into her pocket, “we’ll begin the second phase, which will be hanging the banner outside the window. Bailey, the banner’s in your rucksack, right?”
Bailey nodded.
“And the ladder is outside,” he said.
“Great. Haylock, Paul and Pestell, you’ll carry the ladder from here to County High. It’s not going to be very inconspicuous but hopefully everyone will be too worried about the world ending to care.”
“What are the groups?” Christian asked. “Who’s going with who?”
“I’m taking Felix and Elijah,” Marina said. “Paul, you go with Haylock, Pestell and Bailey. Lizzy, you take Naomi, Ethan and Christian. We won’t split up until we get inside the school grounds though, so don’t worry about that now. Right, team ready?”
“I guess,” Paul said, turning the map around in his hands so he could see all of it. “Can’t we just smash our way through the front doors though?”
“I said,” Marina said and stood up, “we don’t know what kind of security they have. We don’t want to go setting off alarms. This is the best way to go if we want to remain unseen.”
They left the classroom and headed downstairs. Bailey’s ladder was propped up by the back door. Paul took one end, Haylock the other and Pestell stood in the middle with it resting on his shoulders. Marina checked the coast was clear at the gate and then they set off, like a travelling party of window cleaners.
County High was only a few minutes’ walk down the road. They saw a couple of people on the way down there but Marina had been right; they were too worried about the end of the world to even give the strange parade of children a second glance. 
County High School was a huge, sprawling building made up of seven different blocks, which were all connected by futuristic, second storey glass tunnels. A ten foot high chain-link fence ran around the boundary of the school, connecting at a pair of wrought iron gates by the front drive. Christian saw that these were padlocked and bound with chains but Marina wasn’t bothered. She directed them straight passed the front gates and round to the side of the school, where tall trees hid them from the road.
“Right, boys,” she said and pointed to the chain-link fence. “This is what the ladder is for. Prop it up.”
“Will that fence take the weight?” Haylock asked, eyeing it nervously as Paul hoisted the ladder up.
“It should do,” Marina said. She shook the fence with her hands. “It’s reinforced at the top.”
“I’m not climbing that,” Naomi said. “No way.”
“You’re not going to get in otherwise,” Marina said. “Go home, by all means. Who’s going first?”
Elijah went up the ladder first. It took his weight stupendously and when he was at the top, he paused and looked around.
“How do we get down this side?” he asked.
“Just drop,” Marina called up to him.
“Drop?” Elijah said and Paul echoed him.
“Drop?” he said. “Marina, that’s ten foot. We might smash our ankles in.”
“We won’t,” Marina said. “Trust me. Trust me, Elijah!” she called up to him.
“There’s no way I’m dropping,” Naomi said.
“Not in those shoes.” Marina pointed at them. “Take them off, then drop. Your feet will do the rest.”
“I’m not dropping!” Naomi hissed.
“Go home then.”
“Come on, Naomi,” Lizzy said. “It’s either this or sitting at home and waiting for the world to end.”
Naomi said nothing. At the top of the fence, Elijah still hadn’t moved. Felix took hold of the ladder and started climbing.
“It won’t take both of you!” Bailey cried as she reached the top.
“How heavy do you think I am?” Felix called down. She said something to Elijah and he nodded, smiled, then jumped off the side of the fence.
For a few seconds, he fell and they all watched. The wind blew around them. His hair stuck up from his head like it was trying to fly off his body. His arms were up in the air. Then he landed with a thump and rolled.
“Are you ok?” Marina asked through the fence.
Elijah got up, nodding.
“Fine,” he said. “A bit winded but fine.”
Felix dropped beside him.
“It’s easy,” she said. “Come on.”
One by one they climbed the ladder and dropped down to the other side. Naomi kept going to climb the ladder and then backing away.
“Don’t even think about it,” Ethan said to her as he started to climb. “Just drop.”
Naomi nodded. When he had gone, she climbed the ladder. That left just Christian. He looked around and made sure there was no one about, then took hold of the ladder and started climbing. Naomi shut her eyes and dropped and the others on the ground clapped as she rolled, arms tucked to her chest, shoes clutched in her hands. At the top, Christian pushed the ladder so it fell over and clattered onto the pavement. Then he looked down at the ground. It was a very long way down. His dangling feet tingled in their shoes. He took a deep breath, shut his eyes and slid off the fence.
For a second, he was weightless. Everything was dark, he could hear nothing but the rushing blood in his brain. He wondered if this was what not existing was like. Then he hit the floor and rolled just like Elijah had, feeling an odd oomph in his stomach as the wind was knocked out of him.
“How are we going to get out again?” Haylock asked, looking at the ladder lying on the floor on the other side of the fence.
“We’re not,” Marina said. “We’ll face the end of the world here.”
Silence met this comment. Christian got to his feet and dusted himself down. He had nowhere else to be. He could face the end of the world here. The grey clouds overhead were gathering in. Darkness was coming early. 
“Ok, get into our groups,” Marina said. “Paul, you take yours to the science corridor. Lizzy, you go to the D.T. corridor. We meet on the third floor of the science block in fifteen minutes from now. Have you all got watches?” They didn’t. Marina sighed and rolled her eyes. “Fine,” she said. “Once you’re in, just head to the third floor of the science block and we’ll meet each other when we get there.”
They split up. Paul and the other boys went left, heading to block E, which, according to the map, was the Science block. Marina, Felix and Elijah headed to block A, the Gym and Lizzy, Naomi, Ethan and Christian went to block C, Design and Technology.
“How do we actually get in?” Naomi asked. “The back door’s not going to be open, is it?”
“We’ll have to smash a window or something,” Ethan said. “A small one, by a door. I’ve seen it in the movies. Then we can open the door from the inside.”
He seemed buoyant that evening. Christian had never seen him so light and carefree. He was talking and smiling like they were all friends at the cinema together.
They found the D.T. corridor but there was no door whose window they could smash like the movies so they opted to just smash a larger window. Christian wrapped his blazer around his fist and punched through the glass. It was double glazed and didn’t even shatter when he made contact. Ethan had a go but the result was the same. Naomi picked up a brick from the floor and hurled it at the window. This time the window did shatter but the glass stayed in its frame, the tiny shards of broken window held together by a thousand little spider webs.
“Now try punching it,” Lizzy said. 
Ethan and Christian both re-wrapped their blazers around their fists and punched the glass. Shards began to rain out and then the whole pane peeled out of its frame, leaving a gaping hole for them to climb through. Ethan went through first, his shoes crunching on the few fallen diamonds of glass.
“Watch your hands,” he said. “The glass is everywhere.”

When they reached the cottage once more, Charlotte looked up into the top window. The face had gone. She was terrified of seeing it again. She believed Ross, or she wanted to believe him, but the sight of the sunken eyes had been horrifying. What if it was a ghost, or a monster? Her heart started to hammer again. She got off the bike.
“In we go,” Ross said and pushed the front door open.
They wheeled the bikes into the house, Hayden and Charlie hunkered at the back. Hayden was muttering nonsensical words to himself and wiping his forehead as though he was sweating profusely. Charlie had gone deathly white.
“Pull yourselves together,” Charlotte hissed at them as they leant their bikes up by the mantelpiece.
Ross leant on the stairs and looked up to the landing.
“Hello?” he called. “Hello? It’s us. We didn’t mean to scare you earlier.”
His voice sounded tiny and flat in the silent houses. They all looked at one another. Then that low, strangled moan came drifting down the stairs. Charlotte stiffened and felt her heart lurch. Hayden shook his head and started backing towards the door. Rosie grabbed his sleeve and pulled him back.
“We’re coming up,” Ross said.
“No,” Hayden hissed. “No. Don’t make me go back up there.”
“Stay down here then,” Ross said. “I’m going up.”
He started to ascend the stairs. Charlotte took a deep breath and, against every instinct in her body and soul, followed him. Michael Webb slouched after her and Rosie, after shaking a remonstrating finger at Hayden, came after him. 
The stairs creaked beneath them, much louder than anything Charlotte had ever heard ever before in her entire life. Her back was hot and damp with sweat and she wiped her brow with her sleeve, just as Hayden had. Ross reached the landing, made sure she was still behind him, and crossed to the main bedroom.
The woman was in the bed, the plumes of colourful duvets almost drowning her. Only her head was visible, nestled on a bed of thick feather cushions. Against their brash, screaming pattern, her face looked a little more regularly coloured. Her eyes, which had seemed so black and sunken twenty minutes ago, were shut. There were bags under her eyes but nothing more.
“Is she dead?” Rosie asked as the four of them stood, huddled in the doorway.
“She’s sleeping,” Ross said after a bit. “You can see the duvets go up and down.”
They edged into the room. Charlotte leant over the woman and examined her face. She was definitely real and alive; not a ghost. She smelt of washing powder and the lemon cleaner that had been in the first bathroom. Ross moved round the bed and looked behind the door that the woman had appeared from earlier. There was an en suite bathroom in there, much smaller and not as clean as the one on the landing. Rosie took an empty glass off the bedside table, careful not to knock any of the figurines aside, and handed it up to Ross. Wordlessly, he took it into the en suite and filled it with water.
“What do you think is wrong with her?” Charlie asked from the doorway; she and Hayden were huddled there now, staring at the frail, shrunken woman in the bed. “Is she dying?”
In response to this, the woman’s mouth opened slightly and she moaned. At close quarters, the moan wasn’t nearly so terrifying as it had been downstairs. Ross picked up the glass of water and held it near her lips. The woman’s tongue came out and tasted the water once or twice, like a cat. Then she turned her head away and fell silent.
“Is she dying?” Hayden repeated.
“No idea,” Ross said. “Maybe.”
“Maybe there’s some pills and stuff we can give her,” Rosie said, looking about the bedside table. “Paracetemol or painkillers or something.”
“I wouldn’t give her anything,” Charlie said.
“Where’s her family?” Hayden asked.
“Maybe they can’t get to her,” Ross said. “Because of the whole, end of the world thing.”
“What about her husband?” Charlie asked. “Henry Harmon in the coat.”
“Maybe he’s dead.”
“Is this him, do you think?” Rosie asked.
She was on her knees by the bedside table, the front door pulled open beside her. Inside were piles and piles of old papers, notebooks and books. Rosie had pulled out a picture frame holding a black and white photo of a man in military uniform. He had his head turned slightly to one side. Ross took it and examined it and Charlotte looked at it over his shoulder. It was so old, the black and white looked green and yellow. The man’s features were almost too faded to make out. Ross turned it over.
“James 1917,” he read. “So it can’t be Henry.”
“Maybe it’s her son,” Rosie said, peering into the cabinet.
“She wouldn’t have had a grown up son in 1917,” Hayden said. “Idiot.”
“Maybe her dad?” Charlie ventured.
“Then why not write dad?” Charlotte said.
“Maybe it was her boyfriend or husband before Henry,” Rosie said. She pulled out an old notebook full of scribbling and flicked through it.
“She wouldn’t keep a photo of her ex in her bedside table next to her current husband, would she?” Hayden said sharply. “Idiot.”
“She might,” Rosie looked up at him. “Just because they weren’t together forever doesn’t mean he wasn’t a part of her life forever.”
Hayden rolled his eyes and shook his head. Ross put the 1917 photo of James on the bedside table and turned it to face the old woman. Her eyelids fluttered.
“Hello?” she said. Her voice was barely more than a croak. They all froze. She turned in the bed so that she was facing the ceiling again. “Hello?”
“Hello,” Ross said tentatively.
“Who’s there?” the old woman asked. She hadn’t opened her eyes yet.
“We’re looking after you,” Charlie said. “Can we get you anything?”
“Glass of water,” the old woman said, her voice trailing to a whisper. “Please.”
Ross picked up the glass of water again and held it to her lips. He tilted it gently as she drank. She drew her hand out from under the thick duvet, that skeletal hand with the black nails, and took the glass off him, her eyes still closed. She drained it and then relaxed, falling back onto the pillows. Her hand fell to the top of the duvet and lay there, like a dead thing.
“Anything you want,” Charlie said, “just say and we’ll get it.”
The old woman didn’t say anything. The duvets rose and fell gently as she drifted back off to sleep. Hayden sat on the edge of the bed and watched her, Rosie leaning by his legs.
“Do you think she’ll make it to the end of the world?” he asked.
“Maybe,” Ross said. “She’s done well to get this far on her own.”
“I wonder where her family are,” Rosie said.
They all sat down on the bed and watched the woman, entranced by her pale, wasted form. Michael Webb sat closest to her head and, after a few minutes silent watching, he took hold of her hand and held it between his own. The woman murmured comfortably from amongst the pillows.
“Ross Hale! You are in big trouble, young man!”
They all leapt. Hayden fell off the end of the bed. Ross’s short, squat little figure of a mother was in the bedroom doorway. Her face was red with rage and her fists were clenched. She stamped her foot.
“Get home this instant!” she shouted, ignoring the other children and the sunken form in the bed. “You are grounded until the end of the world, Mr.! Never have I been so outraged. How dare you sneak out of the house? How dare you do what I specifically asked you not to do?” She grabbed him by the hair and pulled him off the bed. The other children had stepped back in surprise. The old woman moaned softly and turned over in her duvet.
“But mum!” Ross said as his mother dragged him towards the door. “We’re helping the old woman.”
“You’ll do nothing of the sort,” she said as began marching down the stairs, Ross twisted and contorted as he tried to follow, clumps of his hair still held fast in her fat hands. “You’ll come home and that’s where you’ll stay until the end of the world. Say goodbye to your friends now. Your wicked friends.” She threw an angry glance over her shoulder at the children clustered on the landing. “You were never so disobedient before you started playing with them.”

It was a cold day but the sun was out and they quickly warmed up with all the cycling. The first Jones house they visited was answered by an elderly man in a hat and braces.
“Hello,” Grace said. “Does Kyle live here?”
“Kyle?” the man said and frowned. “There’s no Kyle here.”
“Ok, no worries,” Grace said. “We must have got the wrong house. Sorry.”
“You must have got the wrong house,” the old man said. “Try next door.” He pointed with a thick, gnarled hand. “They had a boy, I think.”
“Ok, thank you,” Grace said and left his front step. 
They cycled a few more miles, slowly as Grace had promised, Oliver still far behind them but within eyesight, to the next Jones household. When Grace knocked this time, no one answered and they were forced to move on with no idea as to whether that was the house or not. The third house was only just down the road. This one was answered by a woman holding a baby in her arms and she snapped angrily when Grace asked about Kyle.
“Go away and stop wasting my time,” she said and from inside the house, they could hear another baby wailing. She tried to shut the door but Grace put her arm out and stopped it.
“But does Kyle live here?” she asked.
The woman frowned.
“No,” she said. “It’s just me and the twins. Twin girls!” she added with a snap and pushed Grace’s arm out of the way so the door slammed shut on them.
“House number four now then,” Grace said. She took the paper out of her pocket and crossed off the address they were at.
“How many more houses are there to go?” Oliver asked as they climbed back on their bikes. “My legs are tired.”
“We’ve only been doing this four hours,” Grace said. “It’s only just lunch.”
“And I’m hungry,” Oliver moaned as they pushed away. “I’m so hungry I feel ill. I want to stop and eat something.”
“That’s life,” Grace said. 
“That’s life,” Sebastian sang and Grace joined in. “That’s what all the people say.”
Oliver looked at them, his bottom lip turning over in the way that Sebastian knew meant he wanted laugh but, on principal, was remaining sad.
“We’ll eat after we’ve got Kyle,” she said. “That’s why you had such a big breakfast.”
Sebastian and Grace reached house number four far ahead of Oliver; he was still wobbling down the road towards them. Grace leapt off her bike and hammered on the door. A woman answered. She looked down her nose at them.
“Is Kyle in?”
“Who?”
“Kyle.”
“We don’t have a Kyle here,” the woman said.
“Ok, sorry to bother you.”
Grace jumped back on the bike without a pause and started off again.
“Shouldn’t we wait for Oliver?” Sebastian asked. 
“No,” Grace said. She glanced up at the sky. “It’s two o’clock. I want to get Kyle done before the day is out. We’re running out of time.”
When Oliver saw them pulling away from the house before he’d even reached it, he started shouting after them. Neither of them stopped.
“Get a move on!” Grace called over her shoulder. “One more house to go!”
House number five didn’t answer either when they knocked. Grace hammered angrily on the door until Oliver pulled up in the drive, sweating, his face tear stained. He threw his bike down again, like he’d done the previous night, and sat on the curb with his arms folded and his head buried between them.
“It’s house five or two,” Grace said to Sebastian. He stepped back to look up at the house.
“And with no one in it’ll be hard to find out for certain which,” he said.
“Not that hard,” Grace said. “We’ll just break in and see. We’d have had to break in anyway, to set it on fire.”
“But one of the houses will be innocent,” Sebastian said. “I mean, one of the houses won’t be Kyle Jones’ and we’ll be breaking into it.”
“That is unfortunate,” Grace said and began to head around the back of the house. “But the world ends tomorrow so if we break into an innocent house, they won’t be inconvenienced for long. Oliver!” she called over her shoulder. “Come on, we need your help.”
“No!” he called back.
“It’s an adventure!” she called. “We’ll need someone to go in through the window.”
He looked up over the crook of his arm and watched the two of them as they vanished around the side of the house. 
Grace surveyed the back. There was a cat flap on the garden door and she knelt down and tried to push it open. It was locked. She sat back and kicked it with the heel of her trainer. The cat flap cracked. Oliver came running around the side of the house and watched.
“Do you want me to have a go?” he asked as Grace continued to kick and the cat flap did nothing but creak.
She got up and wiped her brow, then pulled her hat down towards her eyes.
“Yeah, go on then,” she said.
“I’ll go first,” Sebastian said but Grace held out a hand and caught him across the chest.
“Let Oliver do it,” she said.
Oliver sat down in the same position Grace had been in and kicked at the door with his foot. The cat flat creaked more loudly. He tried again and this time his foot broke through the plastic door and into the house. He looked up at Grace, triumphant.
“I did it!” he called excitedly.
“Well done, Oliver,” Grace said and helped him up. “Good work.”
“I could have done it in one kick,” Sebastian said. “He only managed it because you weakened it first, Grace.”
“It doesn’t matter.” Grace got down on her hands and knees and peered through the cat flap. She withdrew her head and smiled. “Yes, just as I thought. There’s a key in the lock on that side.” She looked about. “We need a sort of stick,” she said. “With a hook on the end so I can pull the key out.”
Sebastian grabbed a tennis racquet from by the back door but that was no good. Oliver pulled a skinny branch off a nearby bush and handed that up.
“Fold the end over,” he suggested as Grace took it. “Then that’ll be your hook.”
It worked perfectly. Grace peered through the cat flap, stick in hand, and manoeuvred the hook to the ring of the key. After a few seconds vain wiggling of the end of the stick, she hooked the key and pulled it out of the lock.
“Perfect,” she said as she drew stick and key out through the cat flap. “Well done, Oliver.”
Oliver beamed. Grace took the key and opened the door from the outside. Sebastian, eager to prove himself as well, leapt into the house first and looked about.
“What are we looking for?” he said, moving into the dining room. 
“Any sign that Kyle Jones lives here,” Grace said. She looked at the pictures on the shelf in the kitchen window: old man, old woman, little girl, middle aged man, dog. No Kyle Jones. “See if you can see any pictures,” she called as Oliver and Sebastian spread about. “That’ll be the best clue.”
“Here’s a picture!” Oliver called from the hall. “Of a boy! Grace! It’s of a boy in school uniform!”
Grace came quickly. But the boy wasn’t Kyle Jones and the uniform wasn’t even her school’s. She shook her head. Sebastian came down the stairs.
“There’s a girl’s bedroom,” he said. “And a parents’ room but no boy’s room.”
“Maybe it’s house number two,” Grace said and looked into the living room. The shelves beside the T.V. were full of My Little Pony Videos and Sylvanian Families. She didn’t think Kyle Jones would watch them.
“House number two?” Oliver groaned. “I don’t want to go all the way back there.”
“It’s right by our house,” Grace said. “It’s practically on the way back.”
“I don’t want to cycle all that way,” Oliver said.
“Then where are you going to sleep tonight?” Grace said.
“Here?”
“We can’t sleep here in case the My Little Pony fan returns,” Grace said, “Come on. It’s getting dark. The quicker we get going, the quicker we can have it done.”
Oliver was reluctant.
“Come on,” Sebastian said and put an arm around him. “You did so well at this house. If house number two is still empty, we’ll have to break in there as well. Grace, Oliver can break in house number two, can’t he?”
“He can strike the first match,” Grace said from the back door. “But we have to get a move on, now.”
This cheered Oliver up. They left the house and locked the back door before pushing the key through the broken cat flap. Then they took their bikes and headed back the way they had come. Heavy clouds had circled in overhead and the sun was sinking fast beneath them. Sebastian felt cold again and buckled down over his handlebars, determined to keep pace with Grace who was cycling very fast again.
They reached House Number Two again after the sun had set and the street lamps were on. The house was still dark and there was still no answer when Grace knocked.
“Round the back,” she said. “We won’t be so polite this time either. This has got to be his house.”
She and Sebastian hurried around the back of the house; Oliver hadn’t quite reached them yet. Grace found a large brick resting in the shrubbery by the back door and was going to hurl it through a window when Sebastian grabbed her arm. She shook him off.
“Look,” he said and pointed into the shrubbery.
There was a little golden key sitting in a patch of dry earth that had been shielded by the brick. Grace smiled and dropped the brick. She picked the key up, fitted it into the back door and turned it.
“Too easy,” she said and pushed the door open.
Oliver came running around the side of the house, red faced and sobbing.
“You said I could break in!” he wailed as he saw the two of them stepping into the house.
“There was a key,” Grace said. “Now shut up. We have to be quick. Find evidence of Kyle Jones and then we’ll blow the place up.”
Oliver sniffed and folded his arms again but couldn’t resist the chance to poke about in the house; a dark, empty house was too inviting. He unfolded his arms and followed the two of them inside.
In the lounge, Grace found a photo of two little girls and a little boy. It had been taken some time ago but the little boy looked just like Kyle Jones.
“I think it’s this house,” she whispered. “I’ll go and double check. Sebastian, go and find some white spirit or petrol or wine or any flammable liquid. Check the shed and under the kitchen sink. Oliver,” she pointed at him, “find matches or a lighter. Check bags, drawers, desks. See if they have a fireplace and check there.”
Oliver nodded firmly and they both sped off. Grace headed straight up the stairs. She turned a landing light on and looked about. There were two girly rooms, a parents’ room and then a dark blue room. She stepped inside the dark blue room and turned the light on. It was a boy’s room, unmistakably. There was a computer on the desk, a T.V., posters of cars and films stars on the wall. The bed was unmade and there were clothes on the floor. And, hanging on the back of the chair, was a dark green Ben Sherman bag. She recognised that bag at once. She hadn’t known any of the names of the members of the gang that used to beat up Richard Basham but she knew their bags and that was one of them. To double double check, she took the bag off the chair and unzipped it. Inside was their school Homework Planner with ‘Kyle Jones, 9C’ written on the front. She smiled to herself and threw the bag and book down.
“Got him,” she said as she came thundering down the stairs. Sebastian and Oliver were waiting for her. “This is his house. Did you get the stuff?” Oliver held up a small box of matches and Sebastian had a bottle of wine. 
“This was all I could find,” he said. “Will it be ok?”
“It’ll be perfect,” Grace said. “We’ll start the fire in Kyle’s room.”
They headed upstairs. Sebastian poured the wine over the bed and Oliver heaped scraps of paper from the floor onto the covers to fuel the blaze once it got going. Grace took the few books off the desk and out of Kyle’s bag and tore them up as kindling.
“Light the match, Oliver,” she said as Sebastian doused the clothes on the floor with wine as well.
“I don’t know how,” Oliver said. He held the box up. “You do it.”
“I’ll do it,” Sebastian said.
He threw the wine bottle into a corner, where it smashed, then took the box off Oliver and lit a match. He dropped it onto the bed. With a fwoomph the duvet went up in flame. They all leapt back. Oliver’s face was turned in excitement, the orange flames flickering off his chin.
“That’s so cool,” he breathed.
“Do the floor,” Grace said, pulling him back towards the door. “Then we’ll get out of here.”
Sebastian lit another match and dropped it on the pile of wine soaked clothing. It went up in flame too. Sebastian threw the matches onto the bed and turned. There was a boy on the landing, watching them. He was tall and broad, much taller and broader than scrawny little Craig. Sebastian swallowed.
“What the hell are you doing?” the boy said, staring at the three of them.
Grace didn’t back down.
“Who are you?” she demanded.
“Who am I?” the boy said. “This is my house! I live here! What are you doing here?”
“Kyle Jones?” Grace said.
The boy was looking passed her into his blazing room. He tried to leap passed and get inside but Grace pushed him back.
“Kyle Jones?” she said again.
He looked down at her.
“Yes,” he said, frowning. “Yes. Get out of my way! My room’s on fire!”
“We know you killed Richard Basham,” Grace said and poked him in the chest. “This is his revenge.” All the strength went out of the boy. He sagged and stepped back onto the landing. He almost collapsed next to the banister. Grace beamed, triumphant. “We got Kieran, the Eversham boy, Craig and now you,” she said. “Then we’ll go and get Marcus Black. Don’t try and defend yourself,” she said. “Don’t try and lie. We know exactly what happened the night he died.”
“I...I...” Kyle Jones took a deep breath then let it out.
Sebastian looked behind him at the fire. It was raging now. The fire on the bed had joined the fire on the floor. Sebastian could feel the heat of it through his clothes. Soon it would be out, on the landing. Grace didn’t seem to be ready to be thinking about moving yet. She was staring at Kyle Jones.
“Ok,” Kyle Jones said. “I didn’t think we’d get away with it. I didn’t want to get away with it. It’s been haunting me since it happened. I wanted to tell the truth.”
“Then why didn’t you?” Grace said.
“I was too scared of getting into trouble,” Kyle Jones said. “And Marcus’ idea about us playing football with him was so good. It seemed the easy thing to do. I was a coward so I went with it. Then the whole end of the world thing happened and I thought people wouldn’t care. That’s when it started to eat me up. Go,” he said and pointed down the stairs. “You’re right. I deserve this.”
“Come on,” Sebastian said and pulled Oliver towards the stairs. Grace didn’t move.
“Marcus came up with the football excuse?” she asked.
Kyle Jones nodded.
“It was like he had it prepared all along,” he said. “He said it seconds after the train had finished going passed. He just said ‘tell everyone we were playing football and he went on the tracks to get the ball’. The other boys, Craig, Kieran and Bob, they didn’t know what to say. Bob was sick. It was the worst moment of my life.”
“What was Marcus like?” Grace asked.
“Let’s go!” Sebastian called from the top of the stairs. The fire had consumed Kyle’s room now. Grace was still in the doorway; the heat and the flames must have been right at her back.
“Pardon?” Kyle Jones said.
“What was Marcus like?” Grace said. “When it happened? You said Bob was sick, you felt awful. What was he like? Tell the truth.”
“He was... fine,” Kyle Jones said. “It, like, energised him. I’m not passing blame. We were all there. None of us stopped him, we’re all as guilty as he was, but Marcus was the one who stopped Richard getting off the track. We’d all chased him down there but, when the barrier went down, we all stayed back. Marcus wanted him to stay on the track. Marcus held him back. And when he was... gone, Marcus seemed overjoyed. Like something amazing had happened. I’m not blaming him. It’s my fault too. I should have pulled Marcus back. We all should have done.”
“Where does he live?” Grace asked. “Where does Marcus Black live?”
“The old farmhouse outside Leigh,” Kyle Jones said. “It’s on the road to the school. Why?”
“Sebastian, Oliver,” Grace said and looked over Kyle Jones’ shoulder. “Go and get buckets of water from the kitchen. Get the hose if you can. We have to put this fire out.”
“No, don’t,” Kyle Jones said. “I deserve it. I’m wicked.”
“Shut up,” Grace told him. “Go into the bathroom and start collecting water. Now.”
No one disobeyed her. The heat from the fire was almost unbearable and she was standing at the very forefront of it, the apex, the light and flame surrounding her. The three boys hurried off. Kyle Jones returned first, holding a bin which was filled to the brim with water.
“I saw the lights go on in the house,” he said and threw the water into the burning room. It vanished with a hiss but made no difference to the blaze. “We’re all across the street at my nan’s. They’ll see the fire in a minute and be over here too. You have to get out before then.”
“We will,” Grace said. “We’ll help as much as we can first.”
Sebastian came up the stairs with two buckets of water. Oliver was following him, holding a hose that was sputtering water over the carpet. Sebastian threw the buckets into the flame and then stood back so Oliver could direct the hose through the doorway.
“Is it doing any good?” Sebastian asked.
“No idea,” Oliver said.
Kyle Jones took the hose off him and held it up. The flames began to recede, backing away from the door. From outside, they heard screams.
“That’s mum,” Kyle Jones said, looking towards the landing window. “Get going now, all of you. I’ve got this. And thank you.”
Grace nodded at him, turned and thundered down the stairs. Oliver and Sebastian clambered after her. They turned in the hall just as someone pushed the front door open.
“My house!” a woman screamed. “The end of the world has started already! My house!”
Then they were sprinting through the lounge and out of the back door.


Chapter Eleven:
The next day, Charlotte was lying in her own garden, staring at the sky. In nine hours, the world was going to end. She rolled over. It was winter but the sun was warm, taunting her with what would never be again. She pulled up a blade of grass and put it in her mouth. She wondered how she should spend the end of the world now they no longer had the cottage.
“Hello.”
She looked up. Michael Webb was standing next to her, still in his dirty and shrunken school uniform, his hands in his pockets. His nose was running and he sniffed.
“How did you get here?” Charlotte said and sat up.
Michael Webb pointed at the fence. Charlotte didn’t know what this meant. 
“Are you going back to the woman?” he asked.
Charlotte shook her head.
“No,” she said.
“Why not?” Michael Webb said and wiped his nose on his sleeve.
“The others aren’t here,” Charlotte said. “I couldn’t go without them.”
“Let’s go and get them,” Michael Webb said. It was the most words Charlotte had ever heard him speak on one occasion. They weren’t inspirational words though.
“Nah,” she said and lay back down. “Ross’ mum won’t let him out anyway. It wouldn’t be right for us all to go back and for him to be stuck inside.”
She thought Michael Webb might leave but, instead, he sat down beside her. He pulled up a blade of grass, just as she had, and put it in his mouth, too.
“Oh,” he said after a bit.
“Yeah.”
“That old woman is alone,” Michael Webb said.
Charlotte looked at him.
“I know,” she said.
“We should go sit with her again,” Michael Webb said. “If it was my grandma, I wouldn’t want her to face the end of the world on her own.”
“Where is your grandma?”
“She died,” Michael Webb said, “when I was a baby. I never really met her.”
Charlotte sat up and looked at him. He was staring at Charlotte’s house, his small eyes scrunched up so much, Charlotte wondered if he could see anything at all. 
“Come on then,” Charlotte said and stood up. “Let me get my bike. You can borrow my dad’s bike, if you want.”
“Really?” Michael Webb said and looked up at her.
“Sure. Then we’ll call for Charlie and Hayden. And Rosie, I expect.”
They got the two bikes out of Charlotte’s garage and cycled off, up the street to Charlie’s house.
“I hoped you’d come!” Charlie said, breathless; she had answered the door a split second after Charlotte first knocked. “I hoped you would! Is Ross there?”
She peered around her door and saw that he wasn’t. Her face fell slightly.
“But we have to go back,” Charlotte said. “For that old woman. It’s the Right thing to do.”
Charlie nodded.
“Yes,” she said. “I know. Let me get my bike.”
Together, the three of them cycled round to Hayden’s. He and Rosie were sitting on the front wall and as they came around the end of his road, Rosie leapt up and pointed.
“They’re here!” she cried and ran down the pavement towards them. “Didn’t I say, Hayden?!”
Hayden rolled his eyes and got on his bike.
“Hayden,” a woman called from a downstairs window. She was wearing yellow washing up gloves which were covered in white mounds of bubbles.
“Yes, mum?”
“Remember to wear your helmet if you’re cycling,” she said. “And Rosie too.”
Hayden sighed.
“Yes, mum,” he said. “Rosie!” he called. “Go and get the helmets!”
Rosie was looking at the three cyclists.
“Where’s Ross?” she asked.
“Rosie!” Hayden called but they ignored him.
“His mum won’t let him come out,” Charlotte said. “We’ll have to do this without him.”
“Rosie!”
“Ok,” Rosie said. She climbed onto the back of Michael Webb’s bike. “I’ll ride with Michael then.”
Hayden came cycling over, a helmet thrown on top of his head. He shoved the other one, a bright pink one, into Rosie’s hands.
“Helmets,” he said.
“I’m not wearing that,” Rosie said and pushed it away.
“Mum said so.” Hayden pointed to the downstairs window, where their mother waved a white speckled washing up glove.
“Fine,” Rosie said and took the helmet. She placed it on her head and then patted Michael Webb’s shoulder. “Let’s go then, guys! We’ve only got a few hours until the end of the world!”
They set off towards the cottage, Charlotte at the head of the gang. It was unsaid but she was leader without Ross there, as the next oldest of the group. She accepted her role with sombre pride, like a young prince whose beloved father has died, leaving the throne clear for his ascension.
They left their bikes in the hall of the cottage and then Charlotte leant on the stairs, just as Ross had the day before.
“Hello?” she called up the stairs. “It’s us. The children. We’re back.” She looked at Rosie. “Are you ok?”
There was no answer.
“Maybe she’s already dead,” Rosie said, leaning on the banister next to her. Hayden hit her to shut her up. He still had his helmet on; Rosie’s lay discarded by Michael Webb’s bike.
“Let’s go up and check,” Charlotte said. “What?” she added as Charlie whimpered. “We’re going to go up anyway.”
They crept up the stairs, not unlike the first time they had all gone up here, with Ross at their head. Charlotte led them across the landing and into the woman’s bedroom. She was in her bed still, her waxen face looking more drawn than it had the day before. Charlie hissed behind her teeth. She took the empty glass of water and went into the bathroom to fill it up. Michael Webb took his seat by the old woman’s head and held her hand again. The woman’s eyes flittered.
“She is alive,” Rosie said and sat on the end of the bed. 
Charlie came back, holding the full glass of water. She set it down on the bedside table.
“Would you like a drink?” Michael Webb asked the shrunken woman.
She nodded, ever so, ever so slightly and Michael Webb picked up the glass and tilted it towards her lips. They watched in silence as she drank. When the glass was empty, Michael Webb set it aside.
“Let’s stay here,” Hayden said and sat on the bed beside Rosie. “Let’s just stay here with her. Until six o’clock.”
“Yes,” Charlotte said.
“We’ll need supplies,” Rosie said, kneeling up on the bed. “Six o’clock is ages away and we don’t want to starve or die of thirst before the end of the world.”
“Make a list,” Charlotte said, staring at the old woman; her mouth was open slightly, a lopsided ‘o’. “Of everything you think we’ll need. Then I’ll go and get it.”
“Good idea,” Rosie said. She slid off the bed and opened the bedside table to get a notebook and pen.
For a while, the only sound was Rosie’s pen going across the paper. Everyone else sat in silence. They all watched the old woman and her breathing, which was becoming laboured and heavy. Michael Webb pulled some of the duvets off her, to try and ease the weight off her chest but she began to shiver quite uncontrollably and he so pulled them back on. Charlotte watched from the corner of the room. She had never seen anybody dying before, not a person, a pet, not even a bird or fox by the side of the road. It was a very strange sensation, the life of this woman slipping slowly away from them. They were all here, they were all alive and capable but they could nothing to keep the woman rooted in the world.
“Done,” Rosie said and held the list up to her.
Charlotte took it and read it over. It asked mainly for crisps and chocolate. She nodded and put it in her pocket.
“I’ll go and get it,” she said. “It should see us through. To the end. Stay here, guys. I’ll be back in five.”
They all nodded, their eyes not moving from the face of the old woman. Charlotte went down the stairs and got her bike. She felt very detached, like she was floating out of her body. As she cycled down the road, she started to wonder how her legs were working. Who was telling them to go round and round? Was it her? Or were they someone else’s legs? She felt like she was in her brain and the rest of her body was just loose paraphernalia clinging on to it, operated by some distant system, or operating on their own.
She didn’t know where she was cycling to either. She had gone passed the turning for her house. And anyway, they didn’t have any crisps or chocolate. She pulled her bike around and went to the corner shop. It was still locked, its windows dark and untouched. Charlotte stopped her bike and stared at it. Then she got off, leant her bike on the wall and climbed over the wall to the back yard. There were some rubbish bins here, an old cigarette tray and some stubbed out butts on the floor. She tried the back door. It was locked. Obviously. There was a glass portion to the door and, after casting a quick glance around her, she picked up the cigarette tray and heaved it at the glass. It was only single paned and shattered immediately. Shards of glass flew into the room beyond and Charlotte dropped the tray, ears peeled for the sound of an alarm. There was none. She put her arm through the broken window and found the bolt on the inside of the door. She drew it across and pushed her way in.
The shop was dark, even with the sun shining outside. The blinds had been half drawn all around, protecting the stock from wandering eyes outside. Charlotte took a carrier bag from behind the counter and began filling it up with crisps and chocolate. There was lots of stuff on the quiet, dark, dusty shelves but Charlotte only got what Rosie had written on the list. She didn’t see the point in helping herself to everything. In a few hours, they’d all be gone. 
She left the shop and drew the bolt back over the door, then got her bike and cycled back to the old cottage, her legs going round and round and round, without her telling them to. 
“Neat stuff!” Rosie said when she came up into the old woman’s room. “Where did you get it?”
“My house,” Charlotte said, putting the stuff down on the floor. “My mum got loads of stuff yesterday. You know, for the end of the world.”
Rosie took a bag of crisps out and opened them.
“Would you like some chocolate?” she said and offered a bar up to Michael Webb. He shook his head. Rosie went round the room, offering, and they all declined. When she reached the old woman, Hayden laughed.
“She doesn’t want chocolate,” he said and pushed Rosie’s hand away. “Leave her.”
“Do you want some more water?” Charlie asked the old woman in the bed. The old woman didn’t move for a long time and then she slowly shook her head. She opened her mouth.
“Chocolate,” she croaked.
Rosie beamed at Hayden and opened the chocolate. She broke a piece off and handed it up to Michael Webb, who held it against the old woman’s lips. The old woman opened them a bit wider and the chocolate vanished inside her mouth.
“She can hear us then,” Charlie said.
“What’s the time?” Hayden asked.
Charlotte looked around the room. There were plenty of clocks to choose from: there were hundreds positioned around the room, hidden behind pots and tins and crystals and little stuffed dwarves. There were tiny, thimble size clocks, big ones the size of hubcaps and little watch faces stuck to here and there. Most of them weren’t working though; they were frozen in time, silently watching the old woman as well.
“Twelve sixteen,” Charlie said, checking her own watch. “Six hours.”
“How’s she doing?”
They all jumped. Ross was in the doorway. Rosie’s eyes lit up when she saw him.
“Ross!” she said. “You’re here!”
“How did you get here?” Hayden asked. “We thought your mum had you under house arrest?”
“I snuck out again,” Ross said and grinned. He picked up a packet of crisps from the bag.
“Your mum is going to go mad,” Charlie said.
“I know,” Ross said. “But hopefully she won’t find me before six. I thought you lot were worth the risk. I knew you’d be here.”

The school was dark and silent. Their shoes squeaked on the floor beneath them as they moved slowly down the D.T. corridor. Strange displays and pieces of work leered off the wall at them, lit up by heating lights, over lights, plug sockets lights and the remnants of the street lights from outside. 
“Which way to Science Block?” Christian whispered.
Lizzy got the map out and turned it round and round.
“This way,” she said and nodded down the corridor. “Then left.”
They continued walking. They kept close together, like a herd of zebras playing sleeping lions. The further they went into the school, the darker their passage went. Ethan told them to stop and went into the last Food Tech classroom. He came out holding a box of matches.
“We can see our way with these,” he said and lit a match. It produced a small sphere of yellow light. Ethan held it up. “Lead the way, Lizzy.”
They walked on, passing deserted classrooms. The chairs were standing on the desks, there was writing on the blackboards, as though the pupils had only just left, minutes before they arrived. Every few minutes, Ethan’s match would go out and he’d quickly light another.
“Up the stairs here,” Lizzy said, reading the map, and they began to climb.
On the wall were dozens of pictures of previous year eleven classes; two hundred or so students stood in each one, all lined up in identical blazers and ties, smiling wide smiles as the match light flickered passed the glass. The pictures demonstrated the changing hairstyles over the years but, apart from that, the rows and rows of students from 1978 to 1999, didn’t alter at all. 
They entered one of the great glass tunnels that joined the blocks together. The match light lit the glass up like Ethan had dropped it in an empty goldfish bowl. Outside, they could see the dark car park and surrounding houses. Some street lights were flickering manically and a car alarm was going, its headlights flashing, all its doors thrown open.
“What’s the time?” Lizzy whispered.
“Almost four o’clock,” Christian replied.
“It’s started already,” Ethan said. “We better be quick.”
They knew they were near the Science block before they reached it; they could hear Paul yelling. Ethan glanced at Christian and then they both burst into a sprint. The match went out and Ethan discarded it, not bothering to light another as they hurtled along the corridor. They skidded into the doorway of the first classroom and froze. Inside, Paul was standing on the front desk. Around him, papers were strewn, test tubes were smashed, beakers had been hurled at the wall. Haylock was spraying something on the windows with some pungent oil. Pestell was writing all over the blackboard.
“What are you doing?” Lizzy said.
“Guys! You’re here!” Paul said and leapt off the desk. “We’re just tearing the place up.” He picked up a text book and tore it in two, then cast the sheaves of paper up into the air like confetti at a wedding.
“Why?” Naomi said.
“Why not?” Pestell said. He knelt down and opened a cupboard. Inside were wracks and wracks of various chemicals. He drew them out and hurled one at the floor. It smashed and they all covered their noses.
“Oh God! That stinks!” Naomi said. “Stop it!”
“Why?” Pestell said again. He poured two chemicals into one another. They fizzed and bubbled and then frothed over. Pestell leapt back and dropped the beakers. They smashed and the bubbling liquid swelled, washing towards the walls, the amount of liquid tripled.
“The world ends in two hours,” Paul said and handed Lizzy a textbook. “Just do it.”
“But why?” Lizzy said, looking at the textbook. Christian read the title over her shoulder: GCSE Chemistry for Advanced Students.
“Because we can,” Paul said. He handed Christian some of the spray that Haylock was using on the windows. It was WD40. “There doesn’t have to be a reason.”
“I don’t think-” Lizzy began but then Christian shook the can and started spraying the benches. He kicked over a stool. It skidded across the floor and smashed into the cupboards at the far end of the room with such force, one of the doors swung off its hinges and an avalanche of test tubes slid out onto the floor.
“Yes! Good boy, Christian!” Paul shouted. He leapt forward and danced on the fallen test tubes, crushing them between his scuffed shoes. “Come on, guys. You don’t have long.”
Christian turned to look at Ethan. He took the book off Lizzy and lit a match. He set the head of it to the book and the flame took. He put the book on the desk and Christian sprayed it with WD40. It went up with a fwoomph and all the children gasped with amazement and turned to look. Haylock sprayed it with his can and the flames rose higher, eagerly licking at the oil as it jetted out of the can. 
“Oh cool!” he said. “Get some more paper. Let’s feed this baby.”
Lizzy and Naomi went to get more paper. Christian left them to it and started kicking chairs and stools over. He hurled one at the board and it split.
“Where’s Bailey?” he asked as Paul turned the gas taps on and held a match in front of them. A jet of fire shot across the bench and Haylock gave a cry of joy and took another match off Ethan.
“Lemego, lemego!” he cried and lit the match. He held it closer to the gas tap and the flamethrower was bigger and went further, touching the wall and charring the displays mounted up there.
“He went off to find more stuff to burn,” Paul said and dropped another book on the burning pile of papers. The flames died, then leapt back, roaring and hungrily devouring all the paper. “Let’s put some wood on this.”
Pestell tore the fallen door from its hinges and held it by the gas tap. Haylock turned it on and held a match there. The flamethrower doused the door in fire. The edges turned black, the varnish crackled, bubbled and peeled but it didn’t catch fire.
“Lame,” Pestell said and threw the door away. It smashed through a bookshelf behind them.
“Hey, guys,” Bailey said from the doorway, “will this help?”
He was holding an axe, one of those emergency fire axes kept next to fire alarms.
“Genius!” Haylock said. “Let me go.”
“I’ll chop. I found it.”
“You offered it to us.”
“Yeah, offered its use. I’ll wield it.”
Paul yanked it from both of them and then buried the blade into the work bench. They all cheered. He tried to tug it out but it wouldn’t budge. He put his leg on the desk and heaved it free, almost knocked Bailey out with it as it swung back.
“Give me some stuff to chop!” he cried. “And let’s fuel this fire!”
“What’s going on?”
They all turned, their smiles failing as though they’d been caught doing something naughty. Marina, Felix and Elijah were standing in the doorway. Marina had her hands on her hips. The roaring orange flames caught her dark eyes, wavering across her pale skin. 
“We’re just wrecking some stuff,” Paul said and lowered the axe. 
“Oh right,” Marina said. She turned. “Felix, Elijah, there’s loads of fire axes on this block. Go and get as many as you can.”
Felix and Elijah nodded and sped off. Marina jumped into the room and took the axe off Paul. He gave it up without a fight. Marina swung the axe down on top of a fallen stool and split the seat in half with a mighty crack.
“Light this whole room,” she said, straightening up and throwing the axe back to Paul. “Set everything on fire. We’ve got two hours and then it doesn’t matter.”
They all nodded and went to work. Christian rolled up a tube of pink sugar paper and held it to the burning pile of books on the table. The edge caught alight and he held the paper up like a torch and then began to touch the presentation covered walls. All the students’ work, the nice handwriting, the careful diagrams, hypothesis, aims and conclusions, curled and turned with the flame, vanishing at once, into nothing. When the walls were dripping fire, Christian opened a cupboard door and threw the burning pink torch inside. He poured a few random chemicals on it and watched it grow, catching on the inside of cupboard, before he shut the door.
Felix and Elijah came back with a handful of axes. Christian made sure he got one and then went about chopping everything he could: benches, tables, chairs, stools, cupboards, the blackboard. He didn’t know why he was doing it. A sort of wild abandon had taken hold of him. He just wanted to smash, smash, smash. Why not, as Pestell had said. Why not? He hurled the axe at the board, where it landed, blade buried about three inches in. Then he got hold of the edge of a work bench and heaved it up. The strewn paper, torn books, broken beakers and fallen test tubes, all slid and smashed onto the floor. Christian continued to heave the bench, over and over, until gravity took it off him and it fell and crashed into the floor. One of the legs broke off. The other bent and groaned, waving up at him in desperation. Christian got the axe out of the blackboard and hacked it off, swinging the axe again and again, sending up splinters of wood and chips until the leg was completely removed from the body. 
The others were destroying, just as he was. Haylock and Paul had each picked up the end of a table and had charged the back wall with it. The heavy bench smashed through it, bringing plasterboard, wires and dust cascading down on them. They cheered, pulled the table back and rammed it into the destroyed wall.
“Again!” Paul shouted as Pestell took hold of the bench as well. “One, two, three!”
The three of them leapt forward and heaved the bench into the wall again. More plasterboard fell out, covering the three of them in plumes of white dust.
“Again!” Paul shouted, coughing, his grip of the bench slipping. “Again!”
The others all raced forward to take the weight as well. They hauled the bench out of the hole in the wall, drew it far, far, far back, like a stone in a sling shot, and then charged forward. This time, the bench smashed straight through the wall and into the office on the other side. It took out the teacher’s desk, the glass display cabinet holding a skeleton and came to a rest, with a roar of falling shelves and books, into the far wall, which was covered in several, neatly arranged display cabinets. The children cheered.
“What’s the time?” Lizzy said. She was panting. She wiped the sweat and plaster dust off her forehead and left a chalky smear there.
“Four thirty,” Marina said, checking her watch. “We better get on with mounting the barrier. We want the County high kids to have a chance to see it before the end of the world.”

On Thursday January 26th, Grace woke Sebastian and Oliver with another huge breakfast. It hadn’t taken them long to get home the night before; they had practically flown, the light and the triumph of the blazing house behind them.
“We have until six to get Marcus Black,” Grace said as Sebastian and Oliver ate.
Oliver frowned at her.
“We’re going to get him?” he asked, bean sauce around his mouth.
“Yes, of course,” Grace said. “He’s the leader, the instigator. We have to get him.”
“I thought,” Oliver wiped his mouth, “we put out the fire in Kyle Jones’ house. I thought we’d stopped looking for revenge.”
“No, of course we haven’t,” Grace snapped. “We just didn’t need to burn his whole house down. Marcus Black deserves to have his house burned down so today we do that.”
“Are we going to set his house alight too?” Sebastian asked and set his knife and fork down.
“No,” Grace said. She pulled out a piece of paper from her pocket. “We’re going to kill him. I looked at the map yesterday and I think I found the old farmhouse on the road between Leigh and the school. It’s about eight miles cycle, so get ready to go in a minute.”
Oliver moaned and shook his head.
“I don’t want to,” he said but Grace ignored him. Sebastian was watching her nervously.
“We’re going to kill him?” he asked. “How?”
Grace got a carving knife off the sideboard and held it up.
“Stab him,” she said. “To death. For the murder of Richard Basham. Justice will be done.”
“Is that right?” Sebastian asked as Oliver’s eyes widened at the sight of the grinning knife.
“Of course.” Grace put the knife down. “I said, he led the attack on Richard. It’s his fault he’s dead. And, not only that, he was glad it had happened. It wasn’t a tragic accident to him. It was a premeditated killing. So, that’s what we’ll do to him.”
“No, I mean is it right for us to do that?” Sebastian asked. “We can’t kill someone. I mean, setting their house on fire and hoping they all escape is one thing. But stabbing someone? It’s...” he took a deep breath, “it’s not our place.”
“I told you,” Grace said and glared at him, “it is. In nine hours, the world will end. I refuse to let Marcus Black die peacefully, a free murderer. He has to die like Richard did. It’s justice.”
“Is it justice though?” Sebastian asked.
“Yes,” Grace hissed. “Two hundred years ago, the penalty for murder was death. In some states in America the penalty for murder is still death. If this was one of those places or times and the world wasn’t going to end, Marcus Black would be killed for what he did to Richard Basham.” 
“But it isn’t one of those places or times and the world is going to end,” Sebastian said.
“So?”
“So, maybe it means we shouldn’t kill him,” Sebastian said. 
“You didn’t mind taking it into our own hands with those others,” Grace said loudly and pointed at the window. Oliver was watching the two of them, eyes wide, bean sauce smeared over his cheek now, mixing with the tomato sauce by his eyebrow. “Why now?”
“Because we’re killing someone,” Sebastian said. 
“We’re killing someone because it’s proportional to what was done,” Grace said. “Those others just helped Marcus, so we just hurt them. It’s time to finish the leader. To serve justice.”
“Maybe it’s not our job to do justice,” Sebastian said.
“Then who’s is it?” Grace snapped. “The police won’t do anything, not with less than twelve hours until the end of the world. Even if we told his parents, they might not do anything. So it’s up to us. Us, Sebastian. We must serve justice. And the penalty for death is death.”
“I mean, maybe God will serve justice for him,” Sebastian said. “When we’re all gone at six. Maybe he won’t just get away with murder. Maybe God will punish him. Instead of us. It’s God’s right to give life and death. Not us.”
Grace stared at him.
“God?” she said. “God?! Where was God when Richard Basham died? Where was God when Marcus was holding him on the train line?”
“Marcus was wicked,” Sebastian said. “But that doesn’t mean we should be wicked too.”
Grace stared at him with narrow eyes.
“In the Old Testament,” she said, “God said, an eye for an eye. God told everyone to get revenge. We’re just doing what he first said.” Sebastian didn’t say anything. He looked at his plate. “Listen, I’ll kill him,” Grace said. “I’ll hold the knife. You don’t have to do anything. You don’t have to kill him.”
“But, if I don’t stop you,” Sebastian said, “aren’t I just as guilty?”
“This is for justice,” Grace said and turned away from the table, showing that the conversation was at an end. She picked up her bag and put the knife inside, then zipped it up and put it on her back. “We’re spared any guilt. Don’t come, if you don’t want to. Stay here with Oliver and watch the end of the world come, knowing you haven’t made any difference to it.”
She left, slamming the back door behind her. Oliver looked at Sebastian.
“What do you want to do today?” he asked.
Sebastian sighed.
“I’m going to go with her,” he said and stood up. “In case she gets in trouble or needs help. Besides, it’s the end of the world. She shouldn’t be going out there on her own. None of us should. I sometimes, think, I hope,” he looked out of the window, “I hope that everyone at the hotel is ok. Mum, dad, Grandma.”
“But what about me?” Oliver said. “If you go, I’ll be on my own.”
Sebastian looked down at him.
“Come along as well then,” he said. “We’ll finish it together. The three of us and then we’ll see the end of the world together.”
“But I don’t want to,” Oliver said.
“Well,” Sebastian headed towards the door, “that’s your problem.”
Oliver watched him go, tears in his eyes.
“Sebastian,” he said as he reached the door. Sebastian looked at him. “Please.”
Sebastian rolled his eyes.
“It’s one more cycle and then it’s over,” he said. “In a few hours, it’ll all be over.”
“Do you promise to cycle with me this time?” Oliver said, getting out of his chair. “And not leave me behind?”
“I promise to do my best,” Sebastian said and opened the door. “Now, come one, before she leaves.”
They caught up with Grace at the end of the road; she was checking the map. She saw them coming and put it back in her bag and smiled.
“So you’re coming?” she said. “Both of you?”
“Yes,” Sebastian said and braked beside her. “It’s the end of the world. We should be together.”
“Good,” Grace said. “Together is good. That’s life.”
“That’s life,” Sebastian sang and kicked off, “that’s what all the people say.”
They cycled. It got darker quicker that day and the temperature dropped sharply. Grace didn’t let up though and kept cycling on and on and on. Sebastian began to fall behind her and Oliver was even further behind him. He could hear him wailing, pleading with Sebastian to slow down but he didn’t stop. He couldn’t lose Grace, not now, not after he’d stuck with her for so long.
 At about one o’clock, the darkness split and it began to rain. Ever so softly at first, then harder and harder and harder, until the edges of the roads they cycled down were no more than wet bogs, which sprayed them with mud as they went through. They had no lights or helmets on and every time cars passed them, their headlights bright, their windscreen wipers waving madly, Sebastian thought they’d all go early.
“Grace!” he shouted when he was soaked through and his jean sodden legs could hardly turn the pedals. “Grace! We have to find shelter until the rain passes!”
Grace braked sharply and turned to glare at him.
“Are you stupid?!” she shouted. Her face was wet, her hair falling from under her hat and plastering to her skin. “We’ve only got until six and we’re not even halfway there.”
“We need to think about Oliver!” Sebastian said and nodded down the road; Oliver was pushing his bike. His wet clothes were hanging off him and he was crying. He had lost one of his shoes and his walk was lopsided, the bike still wobbling in his grip. Grace gave a hollow laugh.
“You idiot!” she said. “I’m not thinking of Oliver! I’m just thinking about Marcus Black. You can do what you like, Sebastian. I’m going on to find him.”
She kicked her bike into gear. Sebastian pulled a face and made to follow.
“Sebastian,” Oliver called up the road. “Wait, please wait. I can’t go as fast as you.”
Sebastian hesitated, then turned and waited for him. This spurred Oliver on and he tried to get back on his bike to pedal up to Sebastian. But he slipped in the gutter and went over on his back into the road. He howled, clutching his foot, and then the bike fell down on top of him. Sebastian rolled his eyes. A car came tearing around the bend at that moment. Its headlights picked Oliver out, sitting in the middle of the road, the bike on top of him. Sebastian screamed and held up his hands and then the car was passed, zipping around Oliver at the last second. It flew by Sebastian and sprayed him from head to foot. Sebastian didn’t care. He dropped his own bike and raced down the road to Oliver.
“Are you alright?” he said and pulled the bike off him. “That nearly killed you.”
Oliver looked up at him, his face pale and silent. Then he burst into loud tears, his chest sobbing up and down as his breath caught in his throat. Sebastian put his arms round him. He was freezing.
“I want to go home!” Oliver howled. “I’m c c cold and t t tired and that car nearly killed me!” He looked up at Sebastian. “Please don’t leave me out here again, Sebastian,” he said. “Don’t let me die on my own!”
Sebastian looked down at him and wrapped his arms more tightly around his head.
“I won’t,” he said. He looked up the road. Grace was still in sight. “Grace!” he called through the wind and the rain. “Grace!”
He didn’t think she was going to stop but, at the last minute, before the road carried her away, she did.
“What?” they heard her voice float back.
“We’re going back!” Sebastian called. “It’s too much.” He hesitated, the rain lashing against his face. “Come with us! Forget Marcus! Let’s just sit together!”
Grace waved her arm at him in disgust and then turned back around and carried on with her road. She vanished around the bend. Sebastian looked down at Oliver.
“I guess it’s just you and me then,” he said. “Let’s go somewhere to shelter until the rain stops.”
Oliver sniffed.
“And you’ll stay with me?” he said as Sebastian led him away from the road and towards a small clutch of trees. “You won’t leave me?”
“It’ll be you and me to the end,” Sebastian said. “I promise.”


Chapter Twelve:
Marina led them to a classroom down the hall. This one had three huge windows at the back of the class, facing out, over the many County High football pitches. Haylock still had his axe and he embedded it into a table as they went in.
“None of that now,” Marina said and pointed to the windows. “We need to break them and get out onto the roof.”
“How?” Naomi asked.
“We climb,” Marina said. “We’ve got an hour and a half until the end of the world so don’t kid yourself that you’ll be sad if you fall. Bailey, you got the banner still?”
Bailey patted the bag on his back.
“Let’s smash this window then,” Paul said. He picked up a chair and heaved it across the room. It smashed through the middle pane, sending glass out, into the open air, to be whipped away by the wind. The chair went tumbling and tumbling against the dark sky, before falling out of sight. They heard it splinter on the ground, three floors below.
“Haylock,” Marina said. “Get up there and knock away all the sharp bits of glass so we can get through.”
Hayden nodded obediently and jumped on the desk nearest the window. He used the back of the axe blade to knock out the remaining shards of glass, holding onto the curtain rail to stop himself being sucked out into the night air.
“It does look a long way down,” he said when he was done. He peered through the gap, still holding tight onto the curtain rail. “A really, really long way down.”
Paul leapt onto the bench beside him and pretended to push him. Haylock cried out and pushed him back. Marina leapt up beside them.
“Just don’t fall then, Haylock,” she said and climbed out of the window. 
They watched in amazement as she dangled, her hands on the lip of the roof, then clambered up and out of sight.
“Jesus,” Paul said and leant out of the window. He looked up. “You ok, Marina?”
“Fine!” her voice floated back. “Now all of you, get a move on.”
Christian jumped on the bench next and peered out of the window. The lip of the roof was just a few inches above the top of the window. He could probably reach it. He looked down. He could see the ruins of the smashed chair, lying prostate and unwell on the ground. In the gathering darkness, it looked just like an old shadow, surrounded by tiny diamonds.
Christian looked up and put a hand out. He caught the lip of the roof and clutched it tightly, then moved his other hand next to it, to take his weight..
“How does it feel?” Paul asked, watching him carefully. “Is it easy?”
“It’s a good grip,” Christian said, panting, before he heaved himself off the window sill and up, onto the roof.
Marina was standing, arms folded, looking across the football fields to the town. Christian glanced about him; there was nothing up there except an old satellite dish and something like an aerial. The roof beneath their feet was strong metal and flat. He stamped on it, just to make sure it wouldn’t collapse with the weight of all of them up there. The roof held fast, giving off a few loud, firm, secure sounding bongggs.
“Anyone who can climb, climb up,” Christian called down to the window. “Anyone ensure, just wait where you are.”
“They’re all coming up,” Marina said, turning to face him sharply. “That’s part of this.”
“I know, I know,” Christian said. “I just have a plan for the less confident ones.”
Elijah came up first, then Felix a few seconds behind. They watched as Paul, Ethan and Pestell also clambered over the lip of the roof. Once he was on firm ground, Paul lay on his back, panting at the dark, starless sky above him.
“That was so scary!” he shouted. “I thought I was going to die!”
“Anyone else?” Christian called. “No? Right, Bailey take the curtains off the rail and throw them up here.” They heard a frantic rattle, then a loud tearing sound. Then the end of the curtain flapped into sight. It fell short of the roof but Bailey threw it again and this time Christian caught it. “Right gang,” he said to the assembled children on the roof; Paul was just clambering to his feet. “We’ve got to take the weight of them and heave them up.”
“Not Bailey?” Pestell said. “He weighs a ton.”
“Get him to go last,” Paul said. “So the curtain doesn’t rip through strain with the others.”
Christian rolled his eyes at him and then leaned over the roof.
“Lizzy,” he called, “you go first. Hold onto the end of the curtain. Proper hold on mind. We’ll heave you up.”
“Is it safe?” they heard Lizzy shout.
“Of course it’s safe!” Paul shouted back. He was holding the curtain and shook it impatiently. “You’re more likely to die in an aeroplane crash.”
They clustered around him and all took a handful of curtain.
“No slackers now,” Paul said and then they felt the weight of Lizzy on the other end.
“One,” Christian said, “two, three, pull!”
They all heaved, staggering backwards, pulling the curtain with them. It stretched out, creases of tension standing out like veins on a face. Then Lizzy’s head appeared over the lip of the roof. Elijah and Marina let go of the curtain and hurried forward to grab her arms and pull her up.
“Easy,” Ethan panted as Lizzy staggered, safe and on the roof. “Tell Naomi to go next.”
They got the other three up on the roof with ease. Bailey came up last and, for all Paul’s joking about the curtain, it didn’t rip or even try to.
“Five oh three,” Marina said as soon as Bailey was upright. “We’ve got an hour to put it up and hope the County High kids see it.”
Bailey shook the bag off his back and dropped it to the floor. Marina unzipped it and pulled out the banner, wrapped up like a towel. Haylock pulled out a hammer and set of nails.
“What does the banner actually say?” Paul asked. “It’s not some lame motto of Keyton I never knew existed is it?”
“No,” Marina said and began to unfold the banner. She gave one end to Elijah, who stepped away and helped her unreel it. It was very large, about fifteen foot and covered in Marina’s crazy brush strokes. Christian realised they hadn’t come to him about doing the banner in the end. He didn’t think that would bother him, but it did.
“Keyton Grove School Was Here,” Lizzy read as Marina and Elijah held one end of the banner up and Bailey and Felix held the other. “Thursday 26th 2000: The End of the World.”
“It’s better than some lame motto,” Paul said and stepped back so he could read it. There was a picture of a stag at one side and a swan at the other. “Good work, Marina. Good work guys.”
“Right, so let’s pin it up,” Marina said. “Haylock, you got those nails?”
They nailed the banner to the lip of the roof, so its hem dangled in front of the windows beneath them. Haylock put just a single nail in on either side but then Marina went along with the hammer and put hundreds and hundreds in, all along the top, to make sure it didn’t fall.
“It’s hardly wasteful,” Marina said and cast the box off the roof. It floated on the breeze and then drifted away. “The world ends in forty minutes.”
They all stood, gazing out across the town. The wind ruffled their hair and clothes. Everything seemed very, very quiet, now that they were done.
“What now?” Haylock asked.
“I guess we wait for the end of the world,” Elijah said. “Nothing more to it.”
Paul sat down on the lip of the roof so his feet dangled with the banner. Marina sat next to him and then, one by one, they all sat. Christian sat with Ethan right on the corner and watched the streets below. Some of the lamps kept stuttering, winking in and out of life. He saw one or two cars speeding down narrow roads but, apart from that, there weren’t many people about. Everyone seemed to be safe and together in their houses. Christian looked along the roof, at the pairs of legs swinging in the wind and the hunched, Keyton Grove uniforms. They were safe and together. In thirty minutes, they’d all be dead. He thought again of all his worries and anxieties of earlier, all his fears and hopes. How trivial they all seemed now, more trivial than anything. Meaningless. All those plans and tricks and plays might as well have never been. He was here and content. In twenty nine minutes, they’d all be dead.

Grace pedalled on, head down, hands tight on handlebars, cycling straight into the driving wind and rain. She was soaked and her sodden jeans wouldn’t let her knees bend. She was pushing and pushing, putting all her energy into it and her bike was going nowhere. She stopped, threw it down and screamed at the sky until all her frustration was vented. Then she took her hat off her head and rang it out like a wet sponge. She tried the bike again but it was just no use against the wind and with wet trousers. She flung it into the middle of the road, hoping a passing car would hit it and smash it to pieces. She continued on foot, the bag on her back, bumping up and down as she ran.
“I’ve got to do it,” she kept whispering to herself. “Got to do it, got to do it, got to do it.”
Nothing else mattered. Time was ticking slowly away. She had to get to Marcus Black before he slid off into oblivion, forever eased of the weight of the boy he murdered. She looked over her shoulder at one point because she was sure she heard Sebastian yell. Perhaps they were following after all. But the lane was dark and empty. The rain was lashing down in curtains and she knew Sebastian and Oliver wouldn’t have the guts to face it. They were probably sat somewhere dry, watching the sky and waiting for the world to end. Grace kept going.
Marcus Black’s house was lit up like a beacon. It seemed that every light they possessed had been flicked on; outside porch lights, gate lights, garage lights, Christmas lights around the house, all the lights inside. Grace crouched behind the front hedge and just surveyed the property. There was loud music blasting from inside and about eight or nine cars surrounding the large drive and garage. It was a party. Grace spat on the ground and tightened her fingers into fists. A party. A party.
“A party,” she spat out loud. “A bloody party. He’s having a party after what he did?”
She yanked the bag off her shoulder and unzipped it. The knife was lying at the bottom, the blade grinning up at her. They looked at each for a few moments and then Grace took hold of the heavy, wooden handle and pulled it out. Just holding the knife this close to his house was cathartic enough. She felt her anger washing away and began to breathe much more easily. She smiled. Yes. Yes. This was it. This was the right thing to do.
She got up from behind the hedge and ducked behind the nearest car. There was no one in sight; it seemed they were all in the house, enjoying the party. She began to creep through the parked cars and towards the house. The question was, did she just knock on the door, go in and kill Marcus in front of all of them, or did she go in through a back door and wait until he was on his own, like all the horror movies?
She decided to patrol the outside of the house first and see if she could spy him. Then she’d make up her mind. She was favouring just knocking on the door, barging her way in and driving the knife into Marcus in front of everyone. Then she could tell them what he had done and face her own consequences. They wouldn’t be too great; the end of the world was fast approaching.
The rain had eased off slightly. She pushed her sodden hat up her forehead and crouched in the mud by the first window. Inside, she could see several grownups, all holding drinks, some wearing party hats and with party poppers like it was New Year’s Eve. The lounge was decked out in golden tinsel and streamers. Grace frowned to herself. What an odd family. What an odd way to celebrate the end of existence. The music was too loud at this window to hear anything that was going on inside but she couldn’t see any children at all. She stealthily moved to the next window. In here, there was a dining room with a thick, ruby red carpet and giant wooden, varnished-to-high-heaven table. The table was crowded with guests, all leaning over each other, grabbing paper plates and plastic knives and forks, helping themselves to a range of dishes that were spread over the table. Grace could see children here, stuffing their faces with cocktail sausages, profiteroles and mini quiche but not Marcus Black. The music wasn’t so loud here and when a woman came in, holding more paper plates and plastic cutlery, Grace heard her cry:
“Enough for everyone! There’s more coming! Here are some plates. Use as much as you want. No washing up tonight!”
Grace pulled a face and moved on to the next window. This looked into an empty kitchen. Bottles and buckets, cans and cups of drink lined the worktop. The sink was filled with empty glasses and there were paper hats and streamers piled up in a corner by the door. 
“Go and get your brother,” the woman said as she entered. “This is most unlike him.”
“He’s not hungry.”
Grace craned her head against the glass, trying to see where the other voice was coming from; there was a small table along the wall, piled high with old newspapers and cardboard boxes from the buffet food. No doubt it was the recycling pile. Amongst it all, a little girl was sitting. She had pigtails and a crayon in one hand and was busy scribbling across a piece of paper.
“Tell him to come down and mix with the guests,” the woman said as she opened a cupboard and pulled out more bottles of drink. “I don’t know what they’ll think of him if he doesn’t show his face all night.” She shut the cupboard door. “Probably that he’s quite rude and we don’t want people thinking we raised a rude child.” The little girl didn’t say anything. She continued drawing. “Go on,” her mother said and chivvied her out of the chair. “Go and get him.”
The girl sighed and threw her crayon down, then stomped out of the room. Grace watched her. There was a set of stairs just beyond the kitchen door and the girl thudded up these and out of sight. 
Heart beating madly, Grace waited for the woman to leave the kitchen. Then she tried to push open the window, heave it up, like they do in the movies. But this wasn’t one of those windows. She wasn’t going to be able to just sneak in.
She moved away from the window and hurried around to the garage side of the house. The garage door was open, the lights blazing inside and she saw in a second what she wanted; a ladder. She stuck the knife in her back pocket and grabbed the end of the ladder. She didn’t need to worry about making any noise; the party music was so loud, she could have dragged a clutch of ladders out and no one would have heard a thing.
She pulled the ladder to the back of the house, away from the party windows, set it up on firm ground and started to climb. Halfway up, she stopped and pulled the knife from her pocket. Then she continued to climb, knife held tightly in her hand.

5:35
“Hello? Anybody up there?”
They all froze. A voice was drifting out from under the banner, from inside the classroom. Paul gazed at Marina, whose mouth was open in horror.
“It’s Mr. Wilson!” Elijah cried and lifted the end of the hem. “Look! And Miss. Atherton!”
“Sir?” Paul cried in astonishment. “What are you doing here?”
Mr. Wilson’s head appeared from under the banner, smiling up at them.
“We thought we’d come and spend the end of the world with you,” he said.
“How did you find us?” Bailey asked.
“It wasn’t hard to follow your trail of destruction,” Mr. Wilson said. “Did you set that classroom back there on fire?” They all looked sheepish. “Don’t worry, I won’t put you in detention. There isn’t time.”
“We also saw the banner,” Miss Atherton said, hanging onto Mr. Wilson’s shoulder as she looked up at the children. “We thought it was very good and maybe that we should join you.”
“Sure!” Marina said. “Can you climb up? Or do you need the rope?”
“Rope?”
“I meant curtain. We used a curtain.”
Mr. Wilson hauled himself up without any use of the rope, then turned round and offered Miss Atherton his hand. She took it and he hauled her up as well.
“Mr. Muscle,” Paul said, shifting along so they could both sit down. “How did you get so strong, sir?”
“Healthy mind, healthy body,” Mr. Wilson said. “And putting up with you kids every day gave me nothing but mental exercise.”

5:37
It got dark outside. Charlotte kept expecting Ross’ mum to burst into the room and drag him home again, but she never showed. They all sat on the bed, watching the old woman because there didn’t seem to be anything else to do. Rosie, Hayden and Charlie were eating their way through the crisps and chocolate stolen from the store but Charlotte couldn’t face eating anything; her stomach was filled with hot butterflies and golden syrup, all pouring and rolling over one another so that she was sure, if she even opened her mouth, she’d be sick.
The old woman’s breathing was getting slower and slower. Sometimes, a harsh rattle caught in her throat and her breathing would stop altogether. All the children would hold their breath, wondering if this was it, then the duvets would rise slowly once more and they’d all exhale in unison.
“Maybe she won’t die,” Charlie whispered as the street lights outside flickered on. “Maybe she’ll make it, through to six, with all of us.”
“Hopefully,” Ross said and checked his watch.
“Why hopefully?” Charlotte said, risking opening her mouth. The butterflies buzzed but she wasn’t sick. She swallowed, preparing more words as Ross looked at her. “She’s old,” Charlotte said. “I mean really old. She knew someone from like, 1917. She’s lived this long, maybe she wants to go out on her own terms and not just because the world ended.”
“You’re right,” Rosie said, chewing loudly on a strawberry lace at the end of the bed. She pulled it in half with a snap that jerked her head and pointed it at Charlotte like a fork at meal time. “You’re right, I think,” she said, still chewing loudly on the other end. Hayden hit her.
Michael Webb was still holding her hand, rubbing her fingers with his own. Every so often, she’d rub his fingers back.
“She knows we’re here,” Michael Webb said. “And that’s all we can ask for.”

5:38
“Has anybody got any last requests?” Mr. Wilson asked.
“How do you mean?” Marina said. 
“Like last meals?” Bailey said.
“They didn’t bring the kitchen up here with them,” Paul said. “Always hungry, Bailey. In fifteen minutes, you won’t need to worry anymore.”
“Do you mean like songs?” Elijah asked. “Requests on the radio?”
“I actually meant, is there anything that no one’s ever done that they’d like to do now,” Mr. Wilson said, “but your idea is a lot more relevant, Elijah. Has anyone got any songs they’d like to sing?”
“We’re not nursery kids,” Paul said and scoffed.
“You might as well be,” Ethan said. “In thirteen minutes, we’re not going to be anything.”
“Any songs?” Mr. Wilson asked again. “Maybe with the end of the world as the theme? Or life in general?”
“That’s life,” Felix said. 
“What song’s that?” Paul said.
“It goes,” Felix began to sing, “that’s life.” Next her, Elijah echoed her words. “That’s what all the people say.”
“Riding high in April,” Mr. Wilson took up, “shot down in May.”
“But I know I’m going to change that tune,” Christian joined in with Lizzy and Ethan, “when I get back on top, back on top in June.”
“I said that’s life!” they all sang. “That’s life. And as funny as it may seem.” All their voices tapered out, except for Christian, who knew the words, “some people get their kicks, stomping on a dream.” Mr. Wilson remembered and joined him. “But I don’t let it, let it get me down.” Paul joined in with a loud, deep voice. “Cause this fine old world, it keeps spinning around!”

5:39:
“I’ll be down later,” the boy on the bed said to the girl in pigtails.
The girl sighed and shook her hair, then stomped away. Grace was at the window, unseen by both of them. She had climbed the ladder up onto the garage roof. From here, she could see into three bedroom windows. One was dark, the next one along was just a little girl’s room and the third had the boy on the bed and the girl in pigtails in the doorway. The boy on the bed was Marcus Black and Grace’s heart leapt when she saw him. He was tall and thin, with dark eyes and black hair cut into a bowl, like a monk, and she recognised him instantly as the leader of the gang that beat up Richard Basham at school. He was sitting on the edge of his bed, staring at something Grace couldn’t see. She presumed it was a television or computer or something. When his sister had gone, Marcus glanced down the corridor, got up and shut the door. Grace tightened her grip on the knife. That was a fortuitous move. Now she just had to get him to open the window. She glanced down at the knife and held it out of sight. She raised her free hand to knock.
Marcus lay back down on the bed and curled his knees up to his chest. He wrapped his arms around the top of them, like a baby, and began to gently rock. Grace lowered her hand. His eyes were screwed shut but Grace knew he was crying. Oliver cried often enough and she knew what that looked like. She wondered what Marcus Black had to cry about. 
She watched him without moving. She hadn’t expected to come here, come all this way, and feel pity for her victim but here it was. The party had spurred her on, enabled her to get up here but now, confronted with the weeping boy, she was unsure what to do.
She heard the knock on his door and quickly ducked out of sight.
“Marcus,” it was the woman again. “What are- oh my poor little mite. You’re crying again.”
Grace peered over the sill; the woman had sat on the bed beside Marcus and had put an arm around him. Marcus buried his head on her shoulder and began to cry more freely, his shoulders bumping up and down with this sobs.
“In a few minutes, we’ll all be gone,” his mother said, “and you won’t have to cry for him anymore.”
“I I I just f f f feel so awful!” Marcus cried. “It’s my fault he died! I should never have... never have...”
But what he should never have done, Grace never heard. His mother put her head over his own and sushed him, rocking him back and forth like a little baby. 
“It’s the end of the world in twenty minutes,” she said. “Come down and spend it with your family. No one should spend it alone, wallowing over the dead. Especially not as we’re going to join them so soon.”
Marcus sniffed, shaking, and nodded. His face was wet. Grace turned away from the window and dropped the knife. Whether they were talking about Richard Basham or the pet cat, she didn’t wait to find out. She slid back down the ladder and started running for the road. 

5:41:
Rosie got back down onto her knees and continued her exploration of the bedside cabinet. 
“I want to find another picture of James,” she said. “To try and find out who he was to her.” She took out a bundle of empty photo cases and CD cases, glanced at them and through them aside.
“Hey, hey,” Hayden said and slid off the bed. “Watch those CD’s.”
“What do you know about music?” Rosie said and burrowed through the bedside table some more.
“I’m going to be in a band when I go to secondary school,” Hayden said, glancing through the CD’s. “Or I was.”
“Yeah,” Rosie laughed, “not anymore though.”
“Let’s put one on,” Charlie said and knelt beside Hayden. “Her favourite.”
“How will we know which her favourite is?” 
“The oldest one,” Rosie said, turning around, suddenly interested in their game. “Obviously.”
“Frank Sinatra,” Hayden said, holding the case up. “He’s old, isn’t he?”
“Yeah, like seventies or something,” Charlie said and took the case off him. She looked around the room. “Is there a CD player down here?”
“There’s one in the corner of the lounge,” Ross said. 
“Will she be able to hear that?” Hayden said.
“I’ll turn it up, full volume,” Charlie said and got to her feet. “Hold on.”
She hurried out of the room. They heard her go downstairs. For a few minutes, they couldn’t hear anything, then a low, long voice began to sing:
“I've been a puppet, a pauper, a pirate, a poet, a pawn and a king. I've been up and down and over and out but I know one thing: Each time I find myself flat on my face, I pick myself up and get back in the race.”
The voice was so loud, it shook the little figures and models on all the shelves in the room. The walls reverberated with the music and the picture frames hanging on the landing rattled against the plaster.
“Tell her to turn it off,” Ross said to Rosie. “Before she brings the roof down.”
Rosie got up and scampered away to tell Charlie.
“Look!” Michael Webb said and nodded at the old woman. “Look! She’s smiling!”
They all looked. The woman was smiling, her head half buried in the pillow. She lifted Michael Webb’s hand to her mouth and kissed it, still smiling.
“I think it made her happy,” Hayden said.
When Charlie came back upstairs, she put the Frank Sinatra CD on the bedside table.
“Next to James,” she said, running her finger along the top of the picture there.
“James,” the old woman repeated.
“She’s becoming more awake,” Hayden said. He looked up, his eyes bright. “Maybe we’ve healed her. You hear about those things, don’t you? When prayers and attentions bring the sick back to life. Maybe that’s what we’ve done here.”
“Try and find out her name,” Charlotte said. Hayden frowned at her. “I just think, it’s strange, us being here with her when we don’t even know her name,” Charlotte explained. “I want to know it, before, before, before the world ends.”
“What’s your name?” Michael Webb asked. The old woman was holding his hand tightly against her neck, pulling him forward. “What’s your name?”
“James,” the old woman repeated.
Hayden pointed a chocolate bar at her.
“I tell you, she’s getting better,” he said. “Charlie, fetch a glass of water. In a few minutes, she’ll be sitting up and talking to us.”

5:42
 Towards the east, fireworks exploded into the sky and made them pause in their singing. 
“Who’s setting of fireworks?” Pestell asked.
“It’s not as good as actual fire, right?” Naomi said.
They laughed.
“Maybe, somewhere down there,” Mr. Wilson said and nodded into the town, “people are wondering who’s singing. Everyone handles it differently.”
People had begun to take to the streets, the tension and fear and excitement spilling over and making them run, pal mal, furiously, frantically into the roads and over the gardens. From atop County High, the Keyton Grove lot watched them. Christian’s heart was beating so hard in his chest. Beside him, Ethan was gazing, open mouthed at the running groups of people.
“Crazy,” he said and glanced at Christian. “Crazy, huh.”
Christian didn’t know what to say. He held out his finger and Ethan bumped it with his own, like at Nursery.

5:43
The old woman drank the class of water when Michael Webb held it to her lips and her eyes fluttered a few times.
“She’s got blue eyes,” Rosie said and pointed the end of another strawberry lace at her. “I saw them. Blue eyes.”
“How you feeling?” Hayden asked, leaning next to Michael Webb. “You feeling better? Can you remember your name?”
The woman burrowed down in her duvet, eyes shut but a smile on her face. Michael Webb’s hand was still pressed in her own.
“Henry was one of the service men who linked arms,” she said and they all stared, excited, open mouthed, at one another, “when the Queen’s carriage passed in 1952,” she coughed, “for her coronation.”
“This is one of those miracle things,” Hayden said as the woman fell silent. “This is why they bring comedians and cute dogs to sick wards. Company heals you, it’s true.” He looked at Charlotte and held out his finger. She bumped it with her own. “She’s going to face the end of the world with the rest of us. She was probably just dying of loneliness and now we’ve healed her.”
Charlotte turned from the bed and looked out of the window. The street was deserted and dark; the street lamps hadn’t come on at all. She couldn’t hear a sound out there. Everyone must be sheltering at home, with their friends and relatives, seeing out the last twenty minutes together.

5:44
 With the rain gone and the wind behind her, Grace flew back down the road. There were no cars, no people, just her, soaring along the edge of the fields, her feet boosting her up, up into the air with each stride.
“I’m coming, I’m coming,” she whispered to herself now. She didn’t have a watch. The end of the world might be in any second and she couldn’t even see them yet. “I’m coming!”

5:46
“She’s gone,” Michael Webb said.
Charlotte turned.
“What?” Hayden said and peered over the old woman. “No, that can’t be. She was getting better!”
He stared at the old woman’s face. Charlotte took a step closer and looked too; the duvets were no longer rising and falling, the woman’s smile had vanished, her face slack.
“She’s gone,” Michael Webb repeated; he was still holding her hand.
“We didn’t find out her name,” Charlotte said.
“She was getting better,” Hayden said and then started to cry.

5:49
She passed her bike, still lying in the middle of the road, unhurt, just as she had left it. She grabbed it and threw herself on without even pausing in her stride. She pushed everything into her pedals, face wet with sweat, lungs shaking. The darkness engulfed her and she found a sob rising in her throat. The end of the world was going to come without her ever seeing Sebastian and Oliver again. She had to find them, she had to get to them, if only to be with them for a minute, half a minute. Just to say goodbye, just to face it together.

5:51
Michael Webb pulled the lip of the duvet up, over the woman’s head, until she vanished in its many folds. Hayden was still crying, sitting on the floor by the bedside table, Rosie next to him with her arm around him. She’d put her strawberry lace down. It was lying on the carpet, the sticky end covered in hair and dust. Ross looked at Charlotte.
“Just us now then,” he said. Charlotte nodded.

5:53
“What if all our clocks are wrong?” Paul said. “And it’s already the end of the world. This is it, we’re all dead.”
“Facing an eternity sitting on this roof with you guys?” Mr. Wilson said. He smiled at Miss. Atherton. “That’s not too bad, I guess.”
Elijah and Felix were sitting hand in hand, their heads resting together. Christian had never seen them act like a couple before. He wondered when and how they knew they were soul mates. He wondered what his soul mate might have looked like. Down in the streets, people were screaming. Not through pain, just through bottled tension, excess energy and anticipation. The end of the world was brewing right under their feet and, in any second, it would spill over.

5:55
Charlotte gazed at the mound that had been the old woman over Hayden’s sobbing head. Death was so strange. One minute, there she was breathing, thinking, remembering, making plans, intentions, pumping blood, organs thumping. Then gone, nothing. Dead. She supposed the worst bit for grief stricken relatives was the bit that followed. The aching silence after death, the absence, that lasted weeks, months years. They wouldn’t have that. 
Charlotte reached forward and pulled the lip of the duvet away from the woman’s face. She kissed her forehead, very gently. Michael Webb watched her, then leant forward to do the same. One by one, they all did and Charlotte had no idea why.

5:57
She saw their bikes lying on the verge where they had left them and braked sharply. Her bike skidded and she flipped over the handlebars like they do in the cartoons. She landed on her back, winded, every bone in her body aching. For a second, she just lay there. Then she heard a noise. She looked up and saw a magnificent stag coming out of the trees on her right. It tilted its head to look at her, antlers gleaming with the steam that was coming from its nostrils. It snorted and continued on its away, across the road and through the other trees, as though there was no road or fallen girl or end of the world at all.
Grace smiled.
“That’s life,” she sang. “That’s what all the people say!”
She paused. Was that a response? Was someone singing, just up ahead?
“Guys!” she shouted in a hoarse voice. “Guys! Where are you!?”
She rolled over and pulled herself up onto her hands and knees. She thought she heard the voice again, coming from the trees to her left. She got up.

5:58
They stood at the window and looked into the street. Hayden was sniffing, hiccupping and wiping his eyes. Rosie was leaning against his side, her thumb in her mouth. Michael Webb had his hands in his pockets, standing between Charlie and Charlotte. There was a lump in Charlotte’s throat that wouldn’t go away, even when she swallowed.
“Here we go,” Ross said, looking at his watch. “Hold your breaths, we’re going into the tunnel.”

5:59
“This is it, guys,” Marina said, looking at her watch.
“Hang onto your hats,” Mr. Wilson said. He and Miss. Atherton were holding hands as well; there was a slick sheen of sweat all over Miss Atherton’s brow. The rosary was clasped in her free hand.
“Are you scared?” Paul asked Marina.
“No,” she said and lowered her wrist. “You’re right. What if all the clocks are wrong and it’s actually still Tuesday?”
He looked at her and smiled.




http://h2kyhd.tumblr.com/
