Winter: Eternal Soulstice 
by S.D.RASHEED 
Smashwords Edition | Copyright 2012-2014 S.D. RASHEED
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Prologue
Our blades clashed. 
The sound of impacting steel echoed through the massive hallway. The fiery haired witch and I have dueled before, but as her blade so swiftly cut through the air it's evident that she's determined to rid the world of my presence this time.
Our bodies moved in sync as though we were engaged in a dangerous dance. I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't enjoying our waltz of death. It's a shame her will is to challenge mine. The witch wielded her thin blade with elegance and skill.  
She lunged forward in an attempt to pierce my chest, an attack that I easily sidestepped. I spun around to launch a counterattack only to find myself face-to-face with an energy blast discharged by the witch.
As the blast knocked me off my feet, I realized that her initial attack was but a distraction, one that I so carelessly fell for. My footing had only been compromised for a brief moment, but it was long enough for the witch to make her next attempt on my life.
Instinctively, I caught the hot blade of her weapon with my right hand seconds before it punctured my skull. Her attack drew blood, but I didn't allow it to phase me. She's overanxious to follow-up her attack, to finish me off, but I managed to shove her away. I had no intention of granting her another easy chance to take my life.
I regained both my footing and my weapon, then prepared myself for round two, but the witch seemed to have other plans. She dragged her tapered finger along my blood that dripped from her blade. Then, with a devilish smile, she placed the bloody finger on her full lips. 
As I stood, the ground beneath my feet began to tremble. Could it be an earthquake? No, the witch had begun casting a spell.
Her tongue moved fast as the foreign words rolled off of it. I moved to stop her, but the muscles in my leg began to tighten unexpectedly. I could feel my entire body stiffen. This must be the witches doing! 
If I allowed her to continue, she'd have no problem cutting me down.
I made a hastened escape through the wind before the witch could conclude her spell. The currents carried me for miles, yet the distance wasn't enough to end the witch's curse. I could hear her incantation repeating, pounding in my blood. My arms, and legs feel as though they had been torn asunder. This pain was unbearable, even for someone like me.
 I needed more miles, thousands of them if I were to escape this pain. But the demon witch's voice soon overcame me.
Curse her! 
She had won this round.

Chapter 1
Ravensdale, England 1805
(Chasity's perspective)
"Hurry Chasity!" Hugh shouted, playfully as he stood on top of a steep hill. A steady rain soaked his clothes and sand colored hair. He just stood there, grinning from ear-to-ear, watching my clumsy attempts to tackle this elevated piece of land. My two left feet never failed to provide him with amusement.
I would be offended if I didn't love him so much. The wet grass made it nearly impossible for me to climb the hill in the same fashion as Hugh. These old, worn out soles of mine were no help, but despite it all, I managed to conquer my hurdle for the day.
"She made it," Hugh snickered, extending his hand to assist me the remainder of the way.
"Now you want to offer your charity?" I responded, dismissing his late offering of aid.
Hugh grabbed my hand and we both made haste to escape the weather. The rain continued to fall from the angry clouds above us.
The downpour could not have picked a worse time. This may be the final time that we get to see one another. Hugh’s expected to take to the sea at first dawn. Like dozens of other able young men in the port town of Ravensdale, Hugh had been recruited to do battle with Emperor Napoleon's naval fleet.
By recruited, I mean Hugh and others around his age have been chosen to fill Ravensdale's Quod or the Quota System. Each country is obligated to fill a percentage of young men to join Admiral Horatio Viscount Nelson's fleet.
But unlike those press-gangs running around forcing poor men to risk their lives at sea with no incentive, as a quota man, Hugh was offered a huge sum of money to help entice his decision, in spite of his inexperience. 
Although Hugh is adamant that he'll return once the battle is over, his reassurance did little to dampen my fear of never seeing him again. This was why we were out here alone in the rain, to say our goodbyes.
We were ready to spend the afternoon together underneath our favorite apple tree, until the crisp summer skies gave way to menacing gray clouds and heavy rain.
Now here we are, running through the field dripping wet seeking shelter from this bloody rainstorm. We're a good mile away from home, but it wasn’t long before we spotted the remains of an old barn. Though it was troubled with holes and rot, the wooden roof should provide us with shelter until the storm passes. As always, Hugh made a competition out of our dash to the old barn. 
"Race you!" he challenged as he sprinted ahead of me. I swear he's nothing more than a 23-year-old child. But if he's a child then so am I. 
I accepted his challenge.
Gathering up my dress, I ran as fast as these chicken legs could carry me. Of course I knew that I wouldn’t be able to catch up to Hugh, not with his much longer legs, but it was fun trying. 
He sprinted like one of those spotted cats that inhabited a land far from here. Hugh promised to travel the world with me by his side once the conflict with that awful Napoleon had ended. Maybe we will get to see those spotted cats one day.
The closer we got to the barn, the higher the dark green grass extended out of Mother Earth. Suddenly, my left foot crossed something hidden from my sight by the thick weeds, causing me to fall flat on my face. 
Clumsy Chasity. 
I certainly wasn't watching my steps just now.
It's a miracle that I haven't fallen to my demise yet. I must have tripped over a log or something. As I laid there with the rain-soaked land on my back, I couldn’t believe what I saw. A body of a man laid face down at the heel of my boots. I screamed at the top of my lungs at the sight of what had to be a dead body.
My shriek alerted Hugh, who hadn't noticed my fall. He was near the barn, preparing to rub his victory in my face no doubt. 
"Chasity?" he called, turning around to look for me. Seeing this motionless body before me had scared me stiff. 
Thoughts of the recent plagues sifted through my mind. This person could have fallen victim to the plague and I just touched his diseased corpse!
As I sat on the ground staring at this person, I could hear Hugh calling for me, but he couldn't locate me due to the height of the grass. 
"I-I'm here.." my voice cracked. I sounded like a frightened mouse. It seemed like the scream that jumped from my lungs just a moment prior had stolen my voice.
Convinced that Hugh didn't hear my squeak just now, I flung my hand into the air and waved it about for him to see. Now if only my legs would do as I command so that I could get away from here. 
"What's the matter? Why did you scream like that?" he asked, standing behind me. 
I didn't say a word. 
I couldn't. I was too afraid of this dead man to utter one syllable. Instead, I extended an index finger and pointed at the body. 
Hugh shifted his attention in the direction of the body, but unlike me, he wasn’t the least bit frightened.
"Is that a man?" he asked. "Is he dead?"
Hugh's curious nature compelled him to take a closer look. He stepped over to the body and knelt down too close to it for my liking. 
"Don't get so close to it Hugh. He could be a plague victim," I warned, but he didn’t listen. 
The only cautionary step Hugh took to prevent him from contracting the plague (should this person prove to be a bearer of it) was the covering of his mouth and nose with the collar of his shirt.
He placed his index and middle fingers on the exposed skin of the man's neck, searching for a sign of life.
"Come take a look at this Chasity,” Hugh said. “This guy has the strangest color hair I've ever seen. It looks like the clear Summer sky. Do you think he's 
French?"
"I don't care about his hair, Hugh. Is he dead? Can you tell?"
"I feel a pulse so I guess he's alive."
"You are certain?"
"Of course I am. There's no sign that he's fallen ill either. You know how plague victims look, right? Their ligaments are blackened, dark red blood escapes the..."
"Please! I don't need a visual aid Hugh."
Hugh chuckled at my reaction. He knew the mere thought of that dreadful disease was enough to make me sick to my stomach. If I should vomit I'll be sure to get some of it on Hugh. 
"We should get him out of the rain. He could need medical attention," Hugh insisted.
I kept my distance as Hugh gently rolled the man over onto his back. I wasn’t taking any chances by getting too close to this blue haired man. If it’s not the plague, which ails him, then he must have some kind of sickness. Why else would he be out here?
His dark leather clothes spoke of someone who definitely wasn’t from around here. There's not a soul in Ravensdale that could possibly afford to wear what he had on. A rip on the left arm of his long sleeves and tears on his right pants leg left me with the impression that he may have been in a sword fight. 
I guess he's lost.
"Where will you take him?" I asked as Hugh lifted the stranger on his shoulders.
"To my uncle's home, of course. He's the only doctor in town. He'll know what to do."
"Are you sure that's a good idea? What if he's dangerous?"
"Don't worry, 'll protect you if he turns out to be a murderous scoundrel. Come on now. Let's get out of this rain." 
Pellets of raindrops continued to drench us all the way to Hugh's uncle's home. I ran ahead of Hugh to open the front door. It's unlocked, which meant that the doctor was in. Opening in widely, I allowed Hugh inside first.
"Doctor Harold?" I called out, anxious for a response. "Are you here?" 
"Just a minute, my dear,” came the monotonous sound of Harold's voice from the second floor.
"We have a patient for you uncle," Hugh announced as he placed the unconscious man down on a bed in the back room.
The three of us were soaking wet and left a trail of water on the floors of the house. Our soggy mess didn’t go unnoticed by Doctor Harold Dissanayake, as he stepped off of the stairs.
"Is my roof leaking?" the fifty-six-year-old doctor asked himself while squinting his eyes up at the ceiling, seeking the cause of his wet floor.
"Sorry about the mess uncle," Hugh said as he wiped his dirty hands on his pants. "I'll tidy it up in a bit, but first could you come take a look at this gentleman here?"
"Yes, of course. Is someone hurt?"
"We're not sure. Do explain what you can to my uncle Chasity while I go find us some dry quilts before we catch cold."
Hugh stepped aside to allow the shrunken old man room to pass. As the only doctor within 65 miles of here, Harold had treated many ailments and broken limbs, but nothing too serious. 
When I was much younger, Harold fixed my bruised knee after I had fallen from the apple tree. I climbed it on a dare from Hugh. Girls can't climb trees, he bragged.
Foolishly eager to show him just how wrong he was, I must have been 12 feet off of the ground when I slipped on a branch. Harold told me I was lucky to have only walked away with minor injuries.
That was the last time Hugh challenged me to do something so dangerous. I’ll always remember him saying that if I had died from the fall he would have never forgiven himself.
Back then Harold had a head full of hair that resembled the leaves of autumn trees. Today, his once bright-colored locks have succumbed to the aging process.  
Water dripped from my long, brown hair to the wooden floor, as my focus remained on this pale skinned stranger, who looked twice my age. How long had he been out there?
I glanced down at his right hand as Doctor Harold felt it for a pulse. That’s when I noticed something that I hadn't before, a nasty wound cutting across his palm. The cut looked deep, but it healed significantly. More pieces to the puzzle, more reasons for us to be weary.
"Who is this unlucky fellow?" Harold asked, using his fingers to open his new patient's eyelids, revealing his ice blue irises.
"We don't know. We just found him in the middle of the field,” I responded.
"Hmmm.." Harold muttered, his thoughts kept to himself. The mystery man remained unconscious as Harold carefully turned his head to the left then right, checking for any visible injuries. "He seems to be in good health as far as I can tell. There doesn't seem to be any head injuries either."
"What of his hair? Could an illness cause it to look that way?"
"Could be a birthmark," Harold speculated without a second thought. "You can ask him about it whenever he decides to awaken."
Hugh returned to the first floor with a pile of neatly folded blankets in his arms. He draped one across my shoulders then placed the rest on the foot of the bed.
"We'll have to wait until he wakes up then?" Hugh pouted. "Well that's no fair. I won't be here to see this mystery through."
I tucked my arm around his. "I'll fill you in on everything when you return to me." 
Hugh looked down at me with the boyish smile that I fell in love with. "I suppose now I have a reason to come back in one piece," he jested. I knew he's being humorous, but I gave him a jab on the shoulder anyway.
Harold grabbed the blankets and placed them over the mysterious blue haired man's wet body before turning away from the bed to face the two of us.
His mouth began to articulate what was swirling inside his head when the mystery man made an abrupt move. He clenched Harold firmly by his wrist. His sudden show of life caused me to jumped out of my skin. I covered my mouth with my hand in time to suppress a scream. 
Hugh proved to be much calmer than I as he stood in place and waited to see what the strange man would do next.
Grasping on to Harold's withered wrist, the blue haired stranger opened his eyes for the first time. His icy blue eyes were locked on Harold as if fixed on someone he loathed.
"I'll see you dead for this!" he barked with a vicious, foreign tongue. Then, as quickly as he had awoken, the stranger lost consciousness again, releasing Harold from his grasp. 
"That was rather peculiar," Hugh said as he left my side to approach his uncle. "He looked as if he recognized you."
"Peculiar isn't the word I'd use," Harold replied.
“Can we go now, Hugh?” I asked, biting my nails. 
“Sure Chasity,” Hugh said. “I’ll see you later uncle.” 
The rain gradually let up as Hugh escorted me all the way back to the girls’ orphanage that I've called home for too many years. I loved how fresh and renewed the air became after summer showers. 
Cold pellets of rain fell from the dozens of branches and leaves that extruded from the tall oak trees which decorate the gravel path to the orphanage. A small drop landed on Hugh's pronounced nose as he leaned forward to lay a tender kiss on my inviting lips. Hugh's kisses never fail to leave me wanting more, fanning the flames burning inside me. 
Curse the weather today!
I told myself that next time there will be nothing stopping us from properly expressing our feelings to one another, but in the back of my mind I worried that this kiss would be our last. Gazing into my eyes, Hugh took my right hand and kissed it softly. If only we had more time.
"This isn't how I wanted to say goodbye to you today, but I suppose a lonely kiss will suffice until I return.”
"I'll be waiting for you Hugh. You have my word."
"Until we meet again then."
Stepping backwards away from me, Hugh wore a soothing smile on his face that melted my heart. I imagined he had the same fears that I do about his fate, though he'd never admit it to me. After a few more steps, Hugh turned his back to me and walked down the grassy path leading away from the orphanage.
His demeanor never wavered as he left. If he does fear what tomorrow may bring, he hid it well. I know he wishes that I not worry, but as he disappeared behind the ageless trees, my stomach dropped.
I wrapped the blanket around myself in an attempt to warm my cold, wet body. That's when I realized that I was still wearing the musky old thing, and my thoughts drifted back to the blue haired man laid up in Doctor Harold's manor. I had forgotten all about him while I was with Hugh.
I could only hope that the stranger would be gone by the morning, otherwise, I fear that I won’t get another good night's rest for a while.
The cheerful sound of young girls playing welcomed my return home. The pitter-patter of small feet running across the multi-colored gravel that circled the orphanage is indicative to the only children that reside here. 
Bess, Bessy and Beth; three blond-haired, eight year old triplets who lost their parents nearly three months ago to that deadly plague which swept through the surrounding cities.
Ravensdale was spared by the horrific fate that took the lives of many. No one knew exactly how many people fell to the plague, but word around town had the death toll mounting daily. Travelers seeking refuge in Ravensdale during that time were turned around once news of the plague had reached our gates.
Hugh once told me of how desperate families, women and children, pleading for shelter were either forced back into the surrounding forest or even worse, back to the disease ridden city where they came. 
No one was allowed to enter due to fear of contagion. Even if someone had left Ravensdale during that time you would not have been given safe passage back into the city.
The harsh act was likely all that saved this port city from suffering the same fate as others. Despite efforts to keep outsiders away, the triplets somehow managed to sneak past the armed patrols that watched over the gates day and night. 
They were lucky when the owner of the orphanage, Vivian Colchester, discovered them. They were stealing whatever they could get their small, dirty hands on from the local merchants. I'd hate to imagine what would have happened to them if Vivian hadn't taken them in and claimed them as her nieces.
As with most triplets, these three are mirror images of one another; from their almond-shaped eyes to the freckles sprinkled across their cheeks and noses. To help tell them apart, we styled their hair differently.
Bess' long golden hair is pinned into two pigtails, Bessy's is tied into one tress that extended well past her tiny waist, while Beth's hair is allowed to flow freely with the wind. Like all children, the triplets were a free-spirited bunch, who required a pair of dedicated eyes to constantly watch over them.
Today, someone with the eyes of spring are doing just that.
"Be careful on the wet grass you three," Leah Galashiels warned the triplets, who listened to her advice. Another resident at the orphanage, Leah is two years older than I. At a young age, the war left her fatherless and poverty left her motherless, or so she's been told. 
Seated on the top steps of the orphanage with her attention mostly focused on the playful triplets, Leah managed to sneak in one or two stitches as she repaired the loose threads of a man's trousers.
Mending clothes was how Leah planned to earn the necessary money needed to provide for herself. Needlework didn’t reward much, but for the ambitious brunette, it'll all be worth it in the end. Leaving Ravensdale, discovering happiness, and starting a family; those were Leah's goals.
I shared a wave with the triplets, who were trying their hardest to get their flowery dresses dirty with their exuberant playing, before taking a seat next to Leah on the old wooden steps.
Taking advantage of the extra set of eyes present, Leah turned her attention to the trousers. They were quite a sizable pair, which led me to presume our butcher continued to outgrow his britches.
Leah held a needle up in front of her as she guided a thin piece of white thread through its eye. "So?" Leah asked while threading the needle. "Did you two do it?"
I assumed she means did Hugh and I make love as planned. "No. We were rained out." I sighed.
"Has he left for the gates yet?"
"He will soon."
Leah didn't respond. I had boasted to her earlier on how Hugh and I would make love before he left. She just smiled and nodded as if she didn't believe a word of it. Knowing that nothing came to pass, that my boasting was all for zilch, I expected Leah to have an ‘I knew it’ ready for me, but she didn’t. She's probably saving them for when I least expected it.
Now finished with the needle, Leah returned it to the seam in which she mended. For a moment, only the sounds of the triplets' laughter could be heard as I watched them play, while Leah worked. When she reached for a pin stuck inside of the pincushion resting between us, Leah noticed Doctor Harold's blanket folded under my arm.
"Is that Hugh's?" she asked
"Is what his?"
"The blanket," Leah clarified.
"Oh no. This belongs to Doctor Harold."
"Why were you at the doctors? Is someone ill?" A brush of concern overtook Leah's voice. My casual mention of the doctor had set off an alarm in her head. With the recent plague, I can't blame her for being jumpy.
"No. No one's sick or anything,” I said, quickly putting her mind to ease. “Hugh and I stumbled across a man in the field (actually, I did the stumbling) and we took him to Doctor Harold."
"A man in the field?" Leah's ears perked. Her tone changed quite noticeably from worry to intrigue in under thirty seconds at the mere mention of a male. "What man in the field?"
Before I can volunteered additional details, the rusted and worn hinges of the wooden front door announced someone's exit from inside. Geneve Lerwick, the second youngest girl at the orphanage, stepped onto the porch.
"3Bs!" she shouted loud enough for everyone in the immediate area to hear. 3Bs is what Geneve called the triplets when they were together. "Come inside now. It's nearly time for dinner."
"And what are we having tonight?" I quizzed her.
"You'll see," Geneve responded. 
That could only mean that spice-less potatoes, buttlerless cauliflower and tough veal was on the menu tonight. Those were the only three foods Geneve knew how to cook and three reasons why I dreaded the days when it's her turn to fix supper.
The triplets picked themselves off of the ground and wiped their dirty hands on their equally dirty dresses. Geneve disappeared back into the tranquil house, as the triplets carelessly ran up to us. A stern reminder from Leah warning them not to run up the steps ended their spirited dash.
The two of us assisted their tiny legs up the four steps. "Thank you!" the three of them said in unison as they hurried through the door.
Leah gathered her sewing supplies from the porch. "I'll be right there to help you three clean up," she said.
Before entering the house, Leah turned to me and smiled, "You can tell me all about the man you happened across today after we have eaten."



Chapter 2 
(Leah's perspective)
Darkness blanketed the city in two hours’ time. 
With their bellies full and bodies tired, sleep quickly overcame the triplets. Geneve and I wrapped warmed quilts around them and tucked the three in tightly, covering their baby faces with good night kisses before dimming the lanterns in their room.
Concern for Hugh's safety had stolen Chasity’s desire to replenish her body with food. Or so she claimed. I suspected that Geneve's choice for our meal tonight aided greatly in Chasity's decision to turn in early. 
Still, I know that Hugh will forever be on her mind until he returned home safely. Like our prayers, Chasity's dreams tonight will be with the man she loves. Sometimes I wonder if I will find a love like theirs. I’m much older than her, after all. It only seemed fitting that my charming prince would seek me out soon.
I'm anxious to hear her tale of the man she and Hugh discovered today, but that will have to wait until morning, I suppose. Downstairs, Geneve spent the tranquil evening with the company of a thick book by candlelight. 
All of us enjoyed a good read now and again, but out of the seven of us, Geneve was the only one in which the term 'bookworm' would describe perfectly. Now if only she would read up on learning how to cook.
With the mended pair of trousers in tow, I left Geneve to her reading. "I'm off to return these trousers," I informed her as I stepped out of the door. "I should be back shortly."
"Okay," Geneve responded without lifting her eyes from the book.
The owner of the gray pair of trousers was a bachelor named Clarence Oldharn. Clarence was the only butcher in town. He's quite a merry individual, always humming or singing while he chopped up meat. He’d make a fine suitor, if not for his short, apple-shaped body. I preferred a man much taller, slender and more affluent.
Though his place of business opened every morning within the heart of the city, Clarence's home was located a short distance from the orphanage, surrounded by the same virgin forest. 
Vivian would never allow me to travel alone at this ungodly hour if she were here. How thankful am I that an old acquaintance sought her company in the growing city of Tauton for a few days.
The middle-aged caregiver wouldn't divulge us with more details other than that, leaving me to presume that she's in the company of a male caller. 
How else could she afford to live on her own and take care of us? She's spoken of no family here, no inheritance. With Vivian being a mother figure to the other girls, I’ve kept my assumptions of her personal affairs to myself. 
Few bodies walked the streets on this night. An unseasonable chill in the air kept most indoors. The only sign of life were moths attracted to the lamps, which brightened the narrow path ahead. The foreboding smell of burning wood was as noticeable as the cold. It's likely just a street dweller burning whatever he or she could find in a barrel to keep warm. 
As I rounded the corner, Clarence's house came into view, as did the origin of the smoke. A dreadful feeling overcame me as my eyes locked on the bright yellow flames that leaped out of the windows of Clarence's home. 
Is Clarence inside? Is there enough time to fetch the fire wards? What if they can't put out the fire in time to save Clarence? 
My mind was frantic, but the urgency to act now guided me into the burning house. A conveniently unlocked door allowed for easy access. Clarence had never extended me with an invitation to his manor. I could only ponder if he always left his home so unsecured. Upon entry, the irritating sting of smoke invaded my eyes. My lungs sought to expel the burning cinders with every hoarse cough.
"Mister Oldharn?!" I shouted.  Determined flames danced almost sinisterly along the ceiling. Knowing that the second floor could collapse on top of me in the blink of an eye, I hastened my search while praying that Clarence wasn’t trapped upstairs. If he was, I fear there's no way I could help him. 
I scoured every room downstairs, but there was no sign of the butcher. The crackling sound of burning wood over my head served as a warning; it was time to leave. But there was still one room I've yet to search on this floor, the cellar. 
Time was short. Blinding flames that stretched from the stairway weren’t going to stop until everything they touch was turned to ash. 
If Clarence was barricaded in the cellar and I did nothing to aid him, I'd live out the rest of my days with regret. I cannot leave yet.
Knowing that the ceiling could collapse at any second, I dashed across the room as fast as humanly possible. To my dismay, I found the cellar door tightly secured from the inside. 
"Mister Oldharn?! Are you in there?!" I shouted as I pounded on the door.
My heart pounded loudly in my ears as beads of sweat rolled down my skin. Heat from the flames intensified rapidly. I covered my mouth to keep the smoke from intruding my lungs, but it did little good. I was drowning in smoke. 
I've lingered in this doomed structure for far too long, but as I motioned to leave the second floor started to collapse on me. There's no escaping your fate now, Leah.
In a futile act to protect myself from the burning cinder, I threw my arms over my head and dropped to my knees. Death is certain to take me tonight. I prepared for his cold hand to drag me to the afterlife. 
There, in that moment, the world around me darkened as the crackling flames silenced. I was certain that I was dead, but suddenly, I felt someone yank me from the ground. 
Its death, it has to be. 
I kept my eyes shut, not willing to set my sights on the undertaker. The fresh air that filled my lungs smelt familiar, as did the grass between my fingers. If I didn't know any better, I'd swear that I had not perished in the fire, which I were still in Ravensdale.
But—how could that be?
My eyes confirmed my suspicions. I was some 20 yards or more away from Clarence's ill-fated home. I've escaped the flames unharmed somehow. 
I do live, but how? Why?
"That was rather foolish," a male voice spoke in a hushed tone from the darkness. I nearly jumped out of my skin at his foreign tongue. I turned in the direction of the voice and found him concealed by the night. 
"Do females here always play with fire?" he asked.
I quickly returned to my feet just in case the need to run away from this stranger overcame me. "Who are you?" I firmly demanded.
"Your savior."
"It was you who pulled me from the fire just now?"
"Yes."
"Show yourself to me then. I will not converse with a shadow."
The stranger hesitated, but he soon complied with my demand. He took two steps out of the shadows and stood into the light, which the nearby yellow and orange flames provided. If not for the blaze his unusual shade of blue hair may have gone unnoticed, as well as the scar on the palm of his right hand.
My attentive eyes must have lingered on the wound for too long as he soon withdrew his hands behind himself. 
"Not that I'm ungrateful for what you've done for me," I began, shifting my eyes away from his. "However, I do wish to know how you managed to remove me from danger so swiftly and safely."
"Call it a gift," he grinned slightly.
"The only people who I've heard of with such 'gifts' usually find themselves burned at the stake."
"Are you implying that I'm a warlock?"
"If the spell fits..."
"Are you going to make me regret saving your soul?"
"Answering a question with another is very distasteful. What is your name?"
"For this century, you may call me Winter." A puzzling answer. 
I prepared to inquiry more, but the sound of half a dozen men responding to the house fire distracted my thoughts. In the group carrying, buckets weighed down with water likely fetched from the nearby river, a trough or a well, I noticed Clarence was among them. 
He must not have been home at all when the fire broke out. It relieved me to see that he was unharmed, but at the same time I realized just how close I came to throwing my life away, seeking to save someone who wasn’t there.
My gaze lingered as they attempted to control the blaze, but their efforts were in vain. Clarence's home was lost to the fire. I turned my attention back to Winter only to discover that my hero had vanished into the night.
I looked around, anticipating to catch a glimpse of him hiding somewhere in the shadows, but there was no sign of the man called Winter. Only a magician could disappear the way he had; a magician or either a warlock.
I picked up the trousers which I had dropped on the ground before rushing into Clarence's home. Clarence and the others arrived far too late to save the property. All they could do now was watch the bright flames as they warmed the night.
Clarence told me that the fire may have started by an unattended candle. He chuckled when I presented him with his mended trousers. 
"At least it wasn't a total lost," he joked. Always cheerful, even in the darkest of times.
I had no intention on telling Clarence about my foolish actions tonight or of the mystery man who saved my life. Along with the trousers, I left Clarence with my condolences before returning to the orphanage. 
Geneve must have noticed the flames reaching into the night sky and alerted Chasity. I found them both standing on the porch watching the blaze as I walked up the trail.
"Is that Mister Oldharn's house on fire?" a concerned Chasity asked.
"I'm afraid so," I confirmed somberly.
"Was anyone hurt?" Geneve pondered.
"No, none. Clarence wasn't home at the time."
"That's a relief," said Geneve, wrapping her arms around herself to keep warm. "We were both worried that you may have been caught in the flames."
I was, but I didn't reveal that bit of information to them. If I did, the news would surely reach Vivian's ears and I'd never hear the end of her admonishment. Though we've grown up sharing our inner most secrets, I don't think I'll tell the two about everything that happened tonight, Winter in particular.
At least, not until I've further unraveled this peculiar enigma.


Chapter 3
(Chasity's perspective)
Smoke rose from last night's house fire, filling the air as the sun ushered in a new day. Under the morning light, Mister Oldharn sifted through the ashes, searching for anything worth salvaging from what remained of his home of fifteen years. 
A stone fireplace, blackened by smoke and soot which would normally only exist within it, stood high above the rubble. I'd rather not imagine how displaced all of us would be should a similar disaster occurred at the orphanage.
With Vivian, the lady of the manor, expected to return later today, the girls and I decided to welcome her home with a big feast. Fish, potatoes and peas are all on tonight's menu with homemade huckleberry pie for dessert. 
Since their arrival here, the triplets have expressed little interest in venturing beyond the orphanage, but to our surprise, they all were equally eager to join us today. 
I've always assumed that their reclusive behavior was because they weren't ready to interact with others after their ordeal. Come to think of it, none of them have spoken in much detail about the life they left behind. Now that it appears like they have become more comfortable in their new surroundings, perhaps the triplets will open up a bit more.
Geneve, Bess and Bessy head in one direction to fetch their half of the necessary produce needed for tonight's dinner, while Leah, Beth and I traveled in the opposite direction. Many of the merchants and local farmers were selling what's left of their Summer harvest at a discount today. Most of the crops have either withered away or the farmers have begun making preparations for the Fall.
There were a lot of people out on the streets taking advantage of the lower prices today, likely stocking up for the coming winter as well. But before we could begin our portion of the shopping, I convinced Leah to accompany me to Doctor Harold's so that I could return his blanket.
I haven't forgotten about that strange, blue haired man who Hugh and I found yesterday. Part of me was curious to see if he's awake yet, but the other part of me doesn't want to be caught in the same room with him, awake or not. Even if the doctor were there now, I'd feel much safer with someone less frail around should I need to fight for my life.
With the blanket folded neatly under my arm, I knocked on Doctor Harold's door with my right hand. After receiving no response, I waited a few seconds before knocking again, somewhat harder this time just in case the good doctor didn't hear my first knock. 
In the back of my mind, I imagined that the blue haired man had murdered the doctor and now his lifeless body was thrown on the floor inside, waiting for us to discover it.
"Maybe he's not home?" Leah assumed after my second knock went unanswered.
"Ugh!" I sighed. "I really didn't want to come back here again."
"I thought you were fond of Hugh's uncle."
"It's not him. It's---." I began, but our conversation was interrupted when Doctor Harold surprised us from behind, carrying a basket filled with a potpourri of fresh vegetables. It would appear that the doctor had spent much of the morning shopping.
"Good day ladies!" the friendly old man smiled. "I hope you weren't waiting at my door long?"
"Not long. We just got here," I replied.
Doctor Harold placed the basket on the ground, then searched the front pockets of his burgundy pants for his door key. 
"Good. Good. Young Chasity, I'm glad to see that you are in good health."
"Why shouldn't she be?" Leah asked, looking at me as if I were hiding something important from her, which I was not.
"Oh, I was simply concerned that the gentleman she and Hugh brought out of the rain last evening may have been carrying some form of disease." 
Doctor Harold opened the door wide enough to allow us inside while he picked up his basket of vegetables. "You see, he hasn't regained consciousness yet, so I was beginning to worry about what ails him and if it was contagious." That word, contagious. 
It's enough to arouse a sea of concern. If there were the slightest chance that someone carried the plague, he and every person who came in contact with him would be corralled like cattle and forced into the woods. Doctor Harold's concern exposed just how irresponsible Hugh and my actions were yesterday.
"If you don't know what he suffers from, is it wise to keep him in town?" a curious Leah asked.
"I am a doctor, my dear. It would be unethical for me not to do what I can for a person in need. Not to mention uncivil." 
Doctor Harold placed the basket on a table. "Now, what brings you young ladies here today? You haven't caught anything from being in the rain have you, 
Chasity?"
"No. I feel fine." I presented the blanket in front of the doctor. "I came to return this, because I carelessly walked out with it the last time I was here."
"Oh, Is that all?" Doctor Harold said as he took the blanket from my possession. "Well, thanks for returning it." 
His body language betrayed his disappointment. I'm getting the impression he would prefer it if one of us were ill, that way he'd have something productive to do with his free time. I suppose it had been quite a while since he's had to bandage burns or fix broken bones.
As Leah and I spoke with the doctor, I raised my gaze in time to catch Beth stepping over to the door to the back room where that male sleeping beauty rested. It's almost like she knew where to find him.
It's uncharacteristic of her, or any of the triplets, to wander away from our sights, even if we happened to be a few feet away. She slowly pushed the door open, getting a good look at the patient resting inside. Her desire to steal a closer look was hindered when I placed my hand on her shoulder.
"Children aren't allowed in that room, Bessy," I told her.
"I'm Beth," the freckled child corrected me.
Anxious to put distance between us and the unconscious man, I took Beth by the hand and shut the door. "Yes. Beth,” I said. “That's what I meant. We're leaving now. Come along."
The three of us couldn’t leave the doctor's home fast enough. I just couldn’t shake the feeling that we were being watched in that house. I had never felt this way before, not until we brought that blue haired man there. 
It's not until we met back up with the others, do I let go of Beth's little hand. I hadn't realized that I was still holding on to her since we left Doctor Harold's. Why had that blue haired person unnerved me so? 
With our errands completed, the girls and I carried our baskets full of produce back to the orphanage. We kept the triplets close to us while they each munched on a juicy, red apple. Along the way, Geneve removed a folded flyer from her basket to show us.
"Did you all see the flyers around town?" she asked. "The Gaspers will be holding a Summer dance this Friday's eve. Everyone's invited."
"All of the pulchritudinous gentlemen in this town are at war," Leah pointed out. 
"The only bachelor that will be there is the Gaspers' gangly, horse faced son. I wouldn't be surprised if this dance was just a facade. The Gaspers are actually looking to hitch their son up with the first poor girl who lays half an eye on him at the dance."
"Well, it won't be me," I declared. "I'm saving all of my dances for Hugh."
"Be that as it may," said Geneve, looking over the flyer. "I still plan on going. I will, however, steer very clear of the Gaspers' son." "Famous last words," said Leah.
Her lack of confidence in Geneve's comment tickled the three of us. The air around us was alive with our girlish laughter. The triplets remained silent, too young to comprehend what amused us.
Our leisurely venture into town came to an end, just as the sun sat overhead. Geneve and I had planned to gather some firewood once we've unloaded our produce. Leah would soon start on preparing tonight's dinner. At least, that was the plan until we made it back to the orphanage and discovered a familiar face awaiting our return.
With an armload of dry firewood, Vivian had one of her brown leather boots placed on the ground and the other on the first step of the porch. She welcomed us home with a warm smile that elevated her rosy cheeks.
The lady of the manor was home.

Chapter 4
(Leah's perspective)
Vivian lightly placed her fork on her dinner plate so that the sound of metal on glass was minimal. "I have decided to close the orphanage," Vivian told us as we ate. Silence overcame the room following her announcement.
Close the orphanage? 
Those were three words I never expected Vivian to vocalize. Now that she had, dozens of scenarios rushed through my mind, but my initial question was the first to spring from my mouth. "Why?"
Vivian leaned forward in her rosewood chair. She pushed her near empty plate forward to make room for her hands, which she settled on the table; fingers interlocked. Her hazel eyes glanced over each one of us at the table who were anticipating her response.
"You girls cannot fathom the number of children that are walking the streets of Tauton. The plague has left them all parentless. Hopeless."
"You wish to open an orphanage in Tauton instead?" I asked.
"It would be much easier than traveling the 65 miles back and forth. Plus, this old manor is not the proper size to house all of the children that need immediate shelter."
"You want us to move all the way to Tauton?" questioned Chasity, her voice falling shy of expressing her protest to the mere suggestion.
Vivian moved her hand across the table to place over Chasity's. "I know that you would not entertain the idea until Hugh returned. I would never ask you to leave before his fate was known." Vivian's assurance seemed to have calmed Chasity's concerns. Her body relaxed back into her chair.
"I don't expect any of you to be enthused about leaving Ravensdale on such short notice. I'm going to give you all the time you need to decide. This manor will be your home for as long as you desire."
Leaving this small river town had always been my desire, but with the plague still fresh in mind I'm not certain that now would be the best time to relocate. Judging by the way both Chasity and Geneve picked at what remained of their meals, I’d say the two are thinking hard about it. Though their eyes were glued to their respective dinner plates, I'm certain eating is the farthest thing from their minds now.
When Vivian announced her plans to take the triplets back to Tauton with her during her next trip, the three shared a peculiar stare with one another. It's almost as if they were communicating with each other without a word being spoken aloud. 
Realizing that my eyes were on her, Beth's gaze shifted from her sisters and back to her dinner plate. The triplets kept their thoughts (and eyes) to themselves for the rest of the night.
After dinner Vivian, Geneve and I spent much of the evening relaxing by the warmth of the fire burning brightly in the fireplace. Another colder than usual evening had descended on the area. As the flames devoured the dried wood, Geneve was reminded of the relentless blaze that left our butcher homeless. She shared the development with Vivian.
I didn’t regret not telling them the whole story. I'd be explaining my actions to Vivian right now if I had. Vivian mothers us so much, it felt smothering at times. She'd never let me out of her sights after dusk again if she knew that I almost died last night, that a stranger had to whisk me from the flames with his magic.
With the sound of Geneve's and Vivian's voices in my ears, I watched the logs as the hot flames gradually turn them into ash. Visions of last night's house fire invaded my thoughts. I could have easily been like a log in a fire, burned alive, had that stranger not saved me.
Attentively, I watched the bright orange and yellow flames jump around until the voices in the room faded into the background. The blaze began to take the form of a bird before my very eyes, a fiery creature that exploded from the fireplace. I questioned my sight while I watched the graceful creature circle the ceiling above me before soaring upstairs, leaving a trail of flames in its wake.
The others remain seated, completely oblivious to what had occurred right in front of them. Was I seeing things or was the presence of this bird for my eyes only?
I excused myself to follow the creature's fire trail, which led me pass the triplets' bedroom and into mine. Inside I found the colorful bird perched in my window. A chilly breeze fanned its flame yet the fire does not burn anything it touched. It sat there for a brief moment before streaking out of the window. 
Without a second thought, I dashed over to watch it as it flew into the darkness of the surrounding forest. I closed my eyes, convinced of what I just witnessed was a figment of my imagination. Once I reopened them, the orange glow pulsating in the woods, where the fire bird had flown sought, to prove otherwise.
In a matter of minutes, I found myself outside in the cold, not speaking a word to the others about what I've seen. Surely, they'd question my sanity had I done so. Perhaps, I have gone mad. 
First, the man with the scarred hand plucked me from a burning home only to disappear into the night, and now I'm seeing a fire bird. If I'm not crazy, then what other explanation could there be for all of this?
The orange light remained motionless as I took cautious steps into the pitch black forest. Slowly, I stepped closer to the light that was partially hidden behind the trunk of a huge tree. My heart was beating as though it would jump out of my chest at any second.
What are you doing out here Leah? This is maddening!
With bated breath I gradually peaked my head from behind the tree, its bark moist to the touch from the evening dew. What awaited me was the fire bird, perched on the extended arm of the mysterious man who saved my life.
Though his back was turned to me, the man's signature blue, wavy hair and his ripped clothing, only visible due to the light of the fire bird, was unmistakable. 
Now I'm convinced. He is a warlock.
As a child, I would hear stories of witches and warlocks, those who practiced Black Magic. Practitioners of this craft were described as being evil, dangerous, but despite knowing this I found nothing to fear about Winter. I stepped from behind the tree, not the least bit afraid of what I've seen.
"So, you are a warlock," I said.
The fire bird lept from Winter's arm and rested on a sturdy branch above him. Winter gazed over his shoulder in my direction. 
"No," he firmly denied.
"Explain that creature in the tree then if you are not a spell caster. Explain why nothing it touches is burnt by it. Not even you."
Winter's eyes shifted back to the dense forest. "What I am, Lady Leah, is a man cursed." Cursed? 
That word echoed in my mind. How he knew of my name was the second thought, however, it was not the question that I spoke. "What do you mean cursed?"
Before he could respond, the fire bird suddenly took flight as if it had some place urgent to be. Flying high and fast like a shooting star, the fire bird flew away in the direction of town. 
As it left the area, so did the only light source in this dark forest. My instincts would have me turn and leave in search for a much lighter area, but my inquisitive nature wouldn’t allow it.
I have to unearth the truth about this Winter. 
That's why I'm here, standing in the cold darkness. 
Right? 
"Winter, are you still there?"
"I'm right here," he whispered into my ear. Though I could not see, I could feel Winter's body next to mine. His breath on my neck, blowing against my hair. His swiftness should raise my concern. I'm a woman, alone in the dark with a strange man. I should put some distance between us, I know this, but I did not.
My legs refused to obey my thoughts even as he lifted my chin with his lukewarm hand. I could feel his upper lip touch my own. I anticipated a kiss, but he doesn't aim to share one just yet.
"I was cursed by a demon witch," he said, brushing his thin lips across mine. "She's here in this town, seeking to put an end to me as I breathe. Would you help me kill her? I will reward you greatly if you agree to aid me."
My thoughts were lost in his seductive touch. He claimed he's not a warlock, but as his moist lips touch my neck it's clear that this man, Winter, had cast a spell on me. I would never allow a stranger to get this close to me, otherwise, but that's what I am doing.
As his gentle kisses move up my neck, my body tingled with an anticipation that I’ve never felt before. I answered his question with a barely audible "yes". 
He could have asked me anything right now, and the answer would be the same. I'm completely under the spell of this blue haired man.
With my answer given, our lips finally meet. He forced my back up against a tree and kissed me like a starved animal. My first kiss. I never imagined it would be like this. Winter pressed his body firmly against mine, sandwiching me between him and a tree. He ran his hand through my hair then pulled it back.
I flung open my eyes to find his cold blue gaze peering back at me. A strange sensation started to build within me. My breath escaped me. 
Is it because of his kiss? 
No. This is different. This isn't right. 
What has he done to me?

Chapter 5 
(Chasity's perspective)
"Leah?" I called as I closed her bedroom window. 
Her door was open as were her windows. The chilly air coming from outside had cooled off this portion of the manor. Before closing her lavender silk curtains, I peered out of the window, half expecting to see Leah somewhere on the property. If she is out there the darkness concealed her.
It's not like Leah to be unaccounted for at this late hour. If she were to go into town for something she'd usually alert us beforehand. I'm not going to worry, yet. 
Leah will surface before Vivian became aware of her disappearance. 
She had to. 
Like any concerned guardian of young girls, Vivian can be somewhat strict when it came to one of us leaving the house alone, especially at night.
Before I turned in for the night, I decided to double-check on the triplets. They went to bed earlier than usual today. I suppose it's because of the errands we conducted in town. I pushed their door open slowly, just enough for me to peek my head into the room. 
But the dim light of the candle placed on a desk revealed that the triplets were not where they're supposed to be.
After seeing their empty bed, I tried my best not to panic. Perhaps they're underneath it playing a game or in the closet. I looked, but I couldn’t find them anywhere. A terrible feeling came over me. Leah was missing and so were the triplets.
Now it was time to panic.
"Vivian!" I shouted as I darted out of the triplets' room. My legs carried me downstairs in a mad haste. Vivian met me near the bottom of the staircase.
"What on Earth is the matter?" she asked.
"Have you seen the triplets?"
"Not since I put them to bed. Why?"
"I checked their room just now, but I couldn't find them anywhere."
Reacting instantly to the news, Vivian bolted pass me. Had I not moved to the side, she would have unintentionally knocked me out of her way. Within seconds, Vivian arrived to the triplet’s room to search it herself. The sound of our hastened footsteps across alerted Geneve.
"What's going on?" she asked as she lingered in her bedroom doorway.
"Have you seen the triplets, Geneve?" I inquired.
Geneve shook her head. 
"Did you check the rest of the house?" Vivian asked me.
"No. Just their room."
"They have to be around here somewhere. I saw no one leave the house through the main entrance, and they couldn't have climbed out of the window. It's still locked from the inside."
"I'll search downstairs," I volunteered. As I turned to tackle the staircase, Geneve raised a question I was afraid to ask. 
"Where's Leah?"
After thoroughly searching every inch of the manor, the three of us each grabbed a lantern and extended the search beyond the walls of the house. Our calls for the missing filled the air. Perhaps Leah took the girls out for a stroll, I told myself to calm my fears. But if that were the case Leah would have told us.
I turned my lantern back towards the orphanage and held it as high as my arms could reach. From where I stood, I could see the triplets' bedroom window. It's over 20 feet off of the ground. What are the chances that someone snick inside and stole them from under our noses?
If someone had snatched the triplets from us that meant our home had been violated. I will never feel safe living within its walls again. 
After our calls went unanswered for several tense moments, Vivian ordered Geneve and me back inside. She wanted to move the search into town, but would rather the two of us stay behind just in case Leah and the triplets returned.
Just as Geneve and I were about to comply with Vivian's wishes, the silhouettes of three children caught our eyes. As they ran up to her, Vivian held up her lantern to rid the shadows that concealed their identities. Once the figures were within range, I breathed a sigh of relief. 
It's the triplets and they seemed unharmed.
"Girls!" Vivian exclaimed, bending down to greet them. "What on Earth are you doing out here!?"
"Bessy heard Leah scream," Beth began.
"So we came outside to look for her," Bessy finished.
"Leah was screaming? From where?" Vivian asked.
To answer her question, the triplets raised their right hands simultaneously and pointed in the direction of the forest behind the house. Vivian turned to see where their little fingers were pointing to. Too far from the forest for the light to reach, Vivian urged the triplets to return to the house, post-haste.
The three girls ran ahead of Vivian and met up with Geneve and me. I've never been so happy to see their freckled faces. As I kneeled down to hug one of them, Vivian called out Leah's name. I raised my gaze just as Leah stepped out of the darkness.
Dead leaves decorate her disheveled hair and dirt adhered to her white dress. Other than that, she seemed fine to me.
"Leah! Where were you? You had us all worried!" Geneve asked.
"I — went for a walk. I needed to be alone."
Vivian looked Leah up and down with disapproving eyes. "The triplets say they heard a scream coming from the forest. Was it you?"
Leah looked down at the triplets as if they had spilled her secrets. "I did no such thing."
"You're lying," Beth accused.
"Perhaps you're the liars," Leah rebutted.
"That's enough!" Vivian commanded. "Everyone inside and to your rooms. We'll discuss this in the morning."
This has been one strange evening. 
Why would Beth accuse Leah of fibbing and where was she tonight? 
Vivian kept close watch on all of us as we returned to our respective rooms. 
She hadn't hovered over us this way since Leah, Geneve and I were mischievous children, playing where we knew we were forbidden to go. Only this time, I felt like I was being punished for something I had no part in.
Entering my room, I stole a glance in Leah's direction. Something seemed off about her. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but this person standing across from me didn’t seem herself. It's as if her body was here, but her mind was elsewhere.
What could have happened in the woods tonight?
(Leah's perspective)
"So, who is he?" Vivian asked, taking a sip of hot tea.
I chose to play dumb with my response. "He?"
"Don't play games, Leah. It's not very becoming."
Vivian could always tell when one of us weren't being straight with her. But if I were to tell her the truth, that I followed a fire bird into the night and made love to a blue haired warlock, she'd never believe me. 
Then there's the triplets and their false claim that they heard my scream. Why they'd make up such a thing was beyond me, but Vivian would surely believe their innocent words before my own. 
I gazed out of the window. "He's no one you know."
"I see. How long have you two been seeing one another?"
"Does it matter?" Did I just answer a question with another? Winter's idiosyncrasies have rubbed off on me it seemed. 
Vivian paused. Her white teacup clanked against its matching saucer. "I don't understand why you feel you need to be so secretive about this man. Is there something embarrassing about him that you do not wish to tell me?"
I didn’t like being grilled by Vivian as much as I didn't like being untruthful to her. She had taken care of me since I was a very young orphan. I've shared my desires, my ambitions, and my dreams with her. I cried myself to sleep in her arms after I lost my beloved cat. I trust her completely, like a mother, yet there's something inside of me that prevented me from confiding in Vivian about Winter.
As I contemplate my answer, Winter's voice invaded my mind and his words exited my mouth. "I'm not embarrassed," my voice articulated. "His name is Winter and I'm going to introduce you to him during the Gasper's dance tomorrow night."
I'm not certain that I’m comfortable with what just happened, but the words that Winter implanted in my mind seemed to have been enough to satisfy Vivian. 
"I'm looking forward to meeting him," she responded, taking another sip of tea. "I only wish that I had known about this person beforehand."
Speaking on my own free will, I asked, "Why do you say that?" 
"I happened upon an affluent young man around your age while I was in Tauton. Thinking that he would make a good suitor for you, I extended him an invite."
It's just like her to drop this kind of news on me when I expected it least. I'm eager to hear more about this man from Tauton, but I'm too distracted by Winter’s actions to inquire. That warlock just took over my mind. 
I had no intention of attending the Gasper's dance, no matter what Winter believed. The next time our eyes meet, I will make it clear to him that I am not to be used as his personal marionette!
After our conversation, I discovered both Chasity and Geneve waiting for me at the top of the stairs. Neither of them bothered to hide the fact that they had been eavesdropping.
"Why didn't you tell us you were seeing someone?" Chasity squealed. "What does he look like? Is he handsome like Hugh? Give us details, Leah." "I thought you weren't going to the dance," said Geneve.
I couldn’t keep this to myself anymore. That warlock took over my mind, he spoke through my voice without my permission. What's stopping him from using his spells to take control of my body?
"You two mustn't speak a word of what I'm about to tell you," I insisted. "Winter is a warlock and I believe he has cast a menacing spell on me."
"Are you serious?" asked Geneve. "A warlock?"
"I would never make up such a thing. His hair is blue like the ocean. He has these piercing blue eyes. Last night he used his magic to draw me outside and into his arms so that I would help him kill some witch who cursed him. Just now he...!"
"Leah! Does – does he have a scar on the palm of his right hand?" Chasity interrupted.
"Yes. How did you know?"
Without giving an answer, Chasity grabbed me by the hand and rushed downstairs. She told Vivian that we were going to pay a visit to Doctor Harold, to see if there had been any word on Hugh yet. I didn't know if she was being entirely truthful, but I chose not to question her in front of Vivian. Vivian may not have permitted us to leave had I done so.
Upon leaving the orphanage, Chasity refused to tell us why we were really going to see Doctor Harold. "You'll see," is all she teased.
The doctor's door was partially closed so the three of us let ourselves inside. Our beckons for the doctor went unanswered. Chasity motioned for us to follow her to the backroom. Apparently she had something important she wanted to show us. 
It had better be important. 
She peeked into the room for a brief moment then immediately slammed the door shut.
"Oh my God!" she exclaimed, her face turned pale with fright. "He's still in there!"
"Who is in there?" I asked.
"Your boyfriend!"
My boyfriend? What does she mean by that? 
I pushed Chasity aside to see for myself, but I couldn’t believe my eyes. There, lying in front of us, was Winter!  
"This is the man you described to us," Chasity said. "The same man who 
Hugh and I found in the field."
I'm nearly at a loss for words. "The same man? But didn't the doctor tell us yesterday that he hadn't awakened since you found him?"
"Do you think that it's possible that he may have awakened last night but returned here in the morning?" Geneve suggested.
Why am I surprised by this revelation? Winter is a warlock. I knew this. But why the charade and why show himself only to me at night? Is it because of the witch he claimed placed a curse on him? 
So many unanswered questions repeat inside my mind yet as soon as I began to give voice to them, the door to the room shut tightly. Beth had followed us here all by herself. 
"You've made a terrible mistake," she claimed, speaking ever so maturely for a child of her age.
"What are you doing here by your lonesome?" I asked.
"It was irresponsible of you to entrust him with your soul Leah. Vanquishing him now will be quite problematic, to say the least."
"What are you saying? What do you know about Winter?"
"I'm the witch he spoke of. The one who placed the curse on him," Beth responded. The aura of a red headed woman suddenly surrounded the child's body. Her appearance was brief yet lingered long enough for us to see her clearly. Though I've never laid eyes on her before this moment, I felt much hatred at the sight of this person.
Why?
"You're a witch???" Chasity asked with the slight sound of nervousness in her voice. As someone who frightened easily, I suspected her to faint at any minute.
"Then that means that Bess and Bessy..." Geneve began.
"Are simply illusions," Beth interrupted. "Extra sets of eyes."
"Why are you telling us this now? Do you not fear for your safety?" I asked.
"It is not my safety that I fear," Beth spoke. Her pause was followed by a sudden gust of wind. The white of her eyes had become golden, her petite fingers pulsated with matching colored energy. She was conjuring a spell.
In the blink of an eye, Beth unleashed a bolt of lightning that crackled through the air. Her target laid unconscious before us, but every fiber of my being was set ablaze when I stepped in the line of fire without an ounce of hesitation.
I heard Chasity's scream almost instantaneously. Geneve gasped at the sight of Beth's magic coursing through my veins, but I made no sound. I could feel her power inside of me yet there was no pain.
I endured Beth's attack that was meant for Winter as long as it took. Long enough for her to prove her point. I didn't think that I could move one step, even if I wanted to. Winter manipulated my body even while he slept.
The wind diminished and Beth's eyes returned to normal. As I anticipated, Chasity had collapsed on the floor, bewildered. Geneve was frozen in place by fear, while I stood between Beth and Winter, unharmed by the witch's magic.
Soon, I felt myself falling to my hands and knees, attempting to catch my breath. My entire body felt like it was burning from the inside as the witch's power lingered. Beth glared down at me with discontent. 
"It is not my safety that I am fearful of," she explained. "It is yours."
Chapter 6
"Winter is a Pandora, a race of men who feasts on souls," Beth explained. 
"Human souls extend their lives while souls of demons grant them power."
Not a word was spoken amongst us. The rustling sound of dried leaves skipping along the grass guided by the hand of a sudden breeze broke the silence. They spun along the ground and begin to dance as the wind carried them in the air, manipulating them, the way Winter could manipulate me. 
Once the wind subsided, the leaves stop dancing, waiting for the next gust to carry them away. Is this to be my fate as well?
"What does this mean for Leah?" Geneve was the only one of us brave enough to raise a question.
"As long as he breathes her soul, her will is his to command."
"Like he did today, making her protect him even while he's out cold."
Geneve sounded more intrigued by the situation than I was. She had always been eager to learn new things. Perhaps she'll figure out how to get me out of this mess. 
Chasity, on the other hand, hadn't spoken since she awoke from her fainting spell. Her complexion was much paler than usual. She must be in shock.
"Is there no hope for me then? I am to be this Pandora's slave until he's done with me?"
"There is a way. If you were to die by your own hands, your soul would be worthless to him."
"You callous witch," Chasity said, raising her voice to a new level. That is, when she's not shrieking. "Are you suggesting Leah commit suicide? Why don't you just slay the monster right now where he sleeps? Leah's not there to protect him now."
"That she's not, but if I were to kill him in his vulnerable state, Leah's soul would revive him. She would die, and then he would be free of my spell. Free to prey on all of you."
What have I gotten myself into? Witches. Pandora. Curses. Now my soul, my life, is tied to this blue haired man and there's little I could do to change that.
As dawn turned to dusk, each of us decided not to speak a word of the day's events to anyone, including Vivian. Not until the time was appropriate. Chasity kept to her room for most of the night. I could only imagine what was going through her mind.
Geneve buried her head in a thick book about witchcraft and kept warm by the fireplace. Her sudden interest in the subject of witches and magic sparked Vivian's curiosity, but Geneve successfully downplayed its significance by telling her that the book was for the 3B's amusement. Vivian was quick to share her disapproval of that notion.
"I'd rather that you didn't fill their minds with such nonsense about witches,” Vivian said.  If only she knew.
"I've arranged for us to travel to Tauton in a few days," Vivian announced. "It's important that I open an orphanage in the city as soon as I can. The triplets will be joining me this time. Can I expect you girls to accompany us as well?"
Geneve and I both looked at each other, waiting for the other to respond. "Does – this mean that you've made a decision on keeping the doors here open?" I asked.
"If you girls want to stay here, that's fine. You're old enough to make your own choices. This manor will be yours to keep for as long as you want." Vivian sunk into her chair. "Who knows? Perhaps Chasity will marry Hugh one day. This manor would be my wedding gift to them."
"That's if Hugh returns," Geneve casually reminded us. Vivian glared at her in response to her insensitive tongue. 
"Geneve! What if Chasity heard you just now?" she scolded.
"I'm sorry but we're all thinking it," Geneve rebutted. "I like Hugh. I think he's good for Chasity, but I'm not going to delude myself into believing that he will survive Emperor Napoleon's wrath."
Geneve's disposition was understandable, but for Chasity's sake, I prayed that her beloved returned to her. 
Hugh and Chasity had been an item since the day they first laid eyes on one another. She had considered herself betrothed to him even before she knew what the word meant. I envied their relationship, especially now that I've made a concordat with an archfiend. I don't know what the future holds for me, but I truly hoped that Hugh and Chasity live a long life together.
Soon, everyone had retired for the night, but not I. I found myself downstairs all alone. The smoldering embers of a once blazing fire was all that remained in the fireplace. I watched the fire until it burned its last log, expecting to see the fire bird again. 
Expecting to see him again. 
Despite what I've learned about Winter, I found it hard to deny my attraction to him. Not after last night.
I rested my eyes and allowed my thoughts to drift back to our time together. I could feel his body next to mine, his hands on my waist. Just thinking about him made my body ache for his embrace. The hold he had on me was dangerous, but I didn't fight my feelings.
Suddenly, a cold wind blew through my hair, on my skin. I must be dreaming. 
As I opened my eyes, I found myself standing in the middle of the street. My legs carried me further into the city. I had no control over my actions. 
This had to be a dream or..!
"You promised to help slay the demon witch," Winter's voice spoke in my mind. "That is what you'll do."
"That was before I knew the truth."
"Her version of the truth does not make it fact."
"Your actions only add weight to her words. Now release your hold on me!"
"I would but we both know that's not what you desire."
"Where are you taking me?" I demanded, but his voice had gone silent. Helplessly, I watched as I approached an unfamiliar man exiting the pub. The shadows concealed his face at first, but as I drew closer, the man's youthful appearance didn’t go unnoticed. He looked to be too young to be at a place like this, in the dead of night, yet too tall to be considered an adolescent.
As the man placed his hat fittingly on top of his dark hair, I heard my voice call out a name I've never spoken before.
"Warren? Warren Edeson?" my voice said. 
The man responded accordingly. "Pardon? Have we met?"
"My name is Leah Galashiels. Vivian Colchester told me all about you." The young man from Tauton? The one Vivian mentioned earlier? Why am I here Winter?
"Ah yes, Miss Colchester. She spoke highly of you and the other girls she's taking care of here. I just arrived in town a few hours ago. I was planning on stopping by her manor in the morning. I figured it wouldn't be polite to drop by at this hour."
"Have you a place to stay while you're visiting?"  How'd you know he was here Winter? Answer me.
"Yes, I've booked a room at the Inn."
"Well, allow me to accompany you to your room, if that's alright with you."
"Uh—no. That's fine with me."
Do you consider me a cheap whore, Winter?
I barked as loud as I could, but my words never escaped my mouth.
Winter proceeded to control my body all the way to the Inn. There's nothing I could do about it. I took Warren's hand and led him into the darkness of an alley. Winter had my lips all over Warren's, kissing him with no shame. 
The timid young man seemed as shocked by my advances as I was. He grabbed a hold of me and pushed me back, but Winter had other plans for both of us.
He forced me to continue kissing Warren. As I continued, an unusual sensation took over me. It felt as if I were slowly taking the life from Warren. He struggled to stop me, but there was nothing he could do. Soon his body became limp and I allowed it to slump to the ground. Winter must have wanted his soul and used me to bring it to him. 
It's just like Beth had warned us.
In the blink of an eye, I found myself surrounded by the walls of Doctor Harold's abode and standing over Winter's unconscious body. I placed my lips on his and breathed the innocent life I stole moments earlier into Winter. 
Almost instantly, Winter threw his eyes wide open. An evil grin grew on his face. He's free of the witch's curse and it's all because of me.
I could do nothing but watch as he ran his hand over my curves. He still had control of my body and it didn’t seem like he was eager to relinquish it. He's won his battle with the witch, thanks to me.
"You have what you want," I whispered, trying not to be enticed by his lips on my cleavage. But I am. God, help me, I am. 
He pulled my head back by my long hair and our eyes met. I knew what he is, what he could make me do, what he could do to me, yet I didn't care. Every part of my being wanted him to have me.
"I don't have everything I want," he spoke soft. "Not yet."
His mouth engulfed mine. He forced open my blouse as we engaged in a passionate kiss. The fact that I was unable to move, incapable of stopping him from fondling my breasts should cause concern. But as he opened my legs, thoughts of protest slipped away and Winter's sexy voice invaded my ears.
"For the next 1000 years you're mine to do as I please, Lady Leah. Mind, body and soul."

Chapter 7
(Chasity's perspective)
"Leah's lost," Beth told me. I was half asleep when her voice pulled me from my dreams of Hugh. Despite looking like a child, Beth's tone was that of a much older woman. Hearing it and seeing it again was enough to scare me out of my skin.
"What do you mean, Leah's lost?" I asked, wiping the sleep from my eyes.
"She's with him."
"Him?" Beth stared at me as if I knew the answer. That’s when it hit me and a terrible feeling sat in the pit of my stomach. "You mean she's with that man? That blue haired man?"
Suddenly, Beth vanished just as Vivian stormed into my bedroom. She looked concerned and I bet I knew why. 
"Have you seen Leah this morning?" she asked. I shook my head then Vivian left the room. As her footsteps shuffled away from my door and down the stairs, I tossed my blankets aside and quickly slipped on a gown.
How could this have happened? Did Leah leave on her own like before or was she kidnapped? Winter could take control of her like he did in the doctor's house. Perhaps he did it again. If that's the case then I think it's time Vivian knew what was going on. 
Geneve met me in the hallway as I exited my room.
"Have you heard?" she asked.
"Leah's gone. Beth told me. When did this happen? Do you know?"
"I spoke to her before I went to bed last night. I assumed she was going to turn in herself but her bed isn't touched."
"He's seduced her mind into obeying him," Beth added. I flinched at the sound of her voice. She and her 'sisters' appeared behind us without so much of a warning. I wish she wouldn't do that!
"You said she was lost? Do you mean literally or--"
"She's lost to his will. She's not coming back this time."
"Can't you do something?" Geneve asked. "I read that witches can--"
"Those books speak of fairy tales and I am not just a spell caster."
"What are you then?" Vivian inquired. 
She had been listening to our conversation from the stairs. How many times had someone snick up on me in the last five minutes? 
Geneve and I shared a nervous stare. The jig was up, Vivian had heard too much. There was no possible way for us to avoid telling her the truth now.
Perhaps this was how it should be. I could not care less about whatever happens next. I just wanted to find Leah, watch this witch kill that blue haired troublemaker, and fall into Hugh's awaiting arms. All in that order.
I explained all that I knew to Vivian as we hoofed it to Doctor Harold's. Vivian took the news better than I expected, although I found her non-verbal response to be on the patronizing side. We arrived at the doctor's manor and found him in the company of two uniformed watchmen and Constable Gasper.
It's impossible not to overhear their conversation from where we stood. The light of the early morning sun revealed the body of a dead man near the Inn. The Constable was eager to find out how the man died, but a coroner was required for that job, something Doctor Harold wasn’t. The nearest coroner resided in Tauton.
I cringed at the thought of being cut open and examined by some guy in a dark room, my naked body at his mercy. The deceased person that they were discussing didn’t sound like anyone I recognized.
I'd rather not hear all of the gory details anyway. But, when one of the watchmen spoke of the victim's name aloud, Vivian took notice. His name was Warren Edeson from Tauton, according to what the Innkeeper told the watchmen.
"That's the name of the young man who I spoke to in Tauton," Vivian informed us, speaking so she's not overheard. "I encouraged him to stop by and meet with 
Leah."
"This is no mere coincidence," said Beth. She walked pass the gentlemen who were either too enthralled by the day’s gruesome discovery to notice her or the witch prevented them from doing so. 
Beth swung open the door to the backroom where Winter had been resting since Hugh and I discovered him days ago. 
"He's no longer here," Beth announced.
"He was gone by the time I come down to check on him this morning," Doctor Harold stated as the other gentlemen left the house. "I suppose that he left sometime during the night."
"We're sorry to intrude on you at this hour, doctor, but have you seen Leah around by any chance?" Vivian asked, casually. Raising the doctor's concern was clearly not her intention.
"It's funny that you should mention her. I could have sworn I heard her voice in here last night, but I think it was these old ears playing tricks on me again."
It wasn't your donkey ears doctor. Leah was here last night with Winter doing who knows what. Actually, I think I know what they were doing. I'd just like to know if Leah was doing it willingly.
The doctor was hustling today. 
He told us how he had to transport the dead person to Tauton today before his body began to decompose. I tuned his voice out as he continued on about autopsies and cutting. It made me nauseous, but I'd swear that he was tickled pink by the situation.
Vivian motioned for Beth and me to follow her out of the house. Neither Leah nor Winter were here any longer and I doubt they'll return. There's no point in lingering. Vivian grabbed Beth by her hand and dragged her across the street where few ears were found. 
I wonder if she still thought of her as child or maybe she's just frustrated by Beth's charade. Either way, she should be careful how she treated a witch.
"Tell me what you know about this Winter," Vivian ordered. "What does he want with Leah?"
"Do not treat me as though I am a child!" Beth scolded loudly as she yanked her hand free of Vivian's grasp. "This is all her fault! I had him! I had him trapped in his shell but now he's free! I should have killed her the moment Winter lured her from the orphanage!"
"You would have done that? You would have killed Leah just to stop this Winter?" I asked.
"I would have done what was necessary. You humans are so weak! You disgust me!"
I knew she only looked like a child, but Beth's tantrum was asking for a firm response, like a good spanking. Beth glared angrily at both of us, then vanished into thin air, unconcerned by the eyes who could have witnessed her witchcraft.
Both Vivian and I would literally be in hot water if the thought of us associating with witches crossed anyone's mind. Fortunately for us, no one seemed to have noticed Beth's disappearing act.
Determined to uncover Leah's whereabouts, Vivian set out to scour half of the city and ordered me to search the parts that she missed. 
"Stop and ask anyone you meet if they've seen this blue haired man or Leah around," she said. Vivian's concern about Leah was understandable, but her reaction struck me as someone who was deeply worried about her.
After half an hour's worth of stopping and talking, nothing came of my search. Deterred, I took a moment to rest my feet. Was he torturing Leah? Does she know we're worried about her. Is she even still alive. 
If only I hadn't tripped over Winter’s body out there. None of this would be happening right now.
I knew the little witch said that Leah would not return home, but what if she was wrong? 
I should go back to the orphanage to check for myself. Geneve is there all alone anyway, just in case Leah showed up. But with Winter on the loose, I don't think it's safe for any one of us to be by ourselves.
As I returned home, Doctor Harold was preparing for his trip to Tauton. A few other gentlemen were loading a pine box on the back of the carriage. Warren's cold body was most likely resting inside of it. Even though he's concealed from view, being just thirty feet away from a dead person was enough to make me queasy.
I picked up the pace, eager to put as much distance between myself and the dead, but Doctor Harold's call hindered my escape. 
"Oh Chasity? I'm glad I ran into you before I left town."
"Why's that?"
"Well, I'm sure I'll be in Tauton for several weeks, so I think you should be the one in possession of this." Doctor Harold removed an unsealed envelope from the breast pocket of his jacket then handed it to me. "It's a letter from Hugh. I was supposed to give it to you should he not return to us safely but – I think you should have it now."
Doctor Harold tried hard not to let his emotions overcome him, but as we shared our good-byes, his watery eyes exposed his sadness. Hugh's departure had been hard on me yet, as I watched his uncle's carriage pass through the gates of the city, I realized that someone else missed him just as much as I did. 
Tempted to open it, I held on tightly to the envelope. Hugh’s last words could be written inside, but I don’t dare open the letter. I just couldn't. When Hugh returns we shall read his letter together.
The moment I stepped inside the orphanage, a cold feeling ran through my body. The house was usually chilly thanks to all of the holes in the walls, but never like this. It felt like all of the windows were up, allowing the weather outside free access. But as far as I could tell, all of the windows were closed. 
“Geneve?” I called.
“I—I’m upstairs!” Geneve's immediate response to my beckons eased my worry. I hurried upstairs to Geneve’s room. Her door was wide open, nothing usual about that. Slowly, I pushed the door open to find Geneve sitting down on her bed. The frightened expression on her round face spoke of someone who had seen a ghost. Before I could raise a word, Leah stepped out in front of me. 
My initial reaction was relief to see her alive and well, however just one look in to her soulless eyes changed all of that.
"Hello Chasity," she smiled. This wasn't the same smile that I've come to expect from Leah. Her emotions were as dead as that guy Warren. 
"Come. Sit. I have much to share with you both." Her voice was so eerie now. I swear I could hear the deep sound of a man's voice softly echoing every word she spoke. 
This wasn’t my dear friend. It couldn't be.
"What's happened to you Leah? You're—different now. It scares me."
"You have no need to be scared. I'd never hurt you or Geneve." 
She walked up to me, gliding across the floor without making a sound. I wanted to run away, but before I knew it Leah's sheet white hand had grabbed me. Her eyes pierced through me as she slid her fingers down my arm, then to the envelope I held. 
"I can tell you what has become of your beloved," she offered. I turned away from her uncomfortable gaze and closed my eyes, naively hoping that all of this turned out to be nothing more than a nightmare.
"Leah, please. You're scaring me." I whimpered, pathetically. Slowly, I opened one eye, then the second. Leah had retreated to the window and stared outside silently. With her back now turned to us, Geneve used the opportunity to jump from the bed. 
Her trembling hand found mine and we both made a break for the door. Our plan to escape was discouraged when the door slammed shut in our faces and locked tightly.
"His final thoughts were of you, Chasity," Leah claimed.
"You mean...Hugh?"
"I'm sorry."
Was she telling me Hugh's gone? 
How would she know? 
How does she know? 
I don't believe it. 
I don't believe a word of it. 
"How can you say that?! You weren't there! You don't know anything about it!"
"He said you wouldn't believe me. Grief is a terrible emotion. I'll be grateful when it no longer burdens me," Leah said.
She spun around then started walking toward us, swishing her hips. That was something the Leah I remembered would never do. She found it distasteful to flaunt her body in such a manner. "Winter and I will make a special announcement at tonight's dance. I look forward to sharing our news with my closest friends."
Leah continued strutting her stuff, even as her body disappeared from our sights. Suddenly, I felt too dizzy to stand. I was about to faint, then, a thud on the floor next to me snapped me out of it.
This time it was tenderfoot Geneve who fainted before I could.
Chapter 8
"This is not up for discussion!" Vivian exclaimed, stuffing as many of my dresses as she could into a small suitcase. "You two are leaving right now!"
News of Leah's change had spooked her, I could see it in her eyes despite her attempt to hide it. All of us were shocked by what’s happened, but is it cause to leave Ravensdale in such haste? And what about Hugh? 
"What if Hugh returns to find my absence? He will think that I've left him."
"It's just until all of this blows over, Chasity. It's very important that you and Geneve get as far away from here as you can. I don't want either of you falling victim to Winter's spells like Leah." 
"You're not coming?" I asked.
Vivian's answer wasn’t immediate. She handed me the heavy suitcase, which I nearly drop instantly, then rushed downstairs. 
I had no idea a few dresses could weigh so much. How does she expect these skinny arms of mine to carry this heavy thing down a flight of stairs? 
"Hurry up Chasity," Geneve barked. She was in just as much of a rush to depart as Vivian. Well, they were just going to have to wait. I’m not rushing down a flight of stairs with a heavy suitcase. If only I had more muscles like Hugh, I could move faster.
"This is where you'll find the orphanage in Tauton," Vivian explained as she handed Geneve a folded piece of paper. “Just tell the landlord, Amos Upchurch, that I sent you ahead of me. He'll let you inside." 
"You're staying?" Geneve asked.
"I am. You girls are my responsibility. You have been since you were children. 
That is why I cannot abandon Leah without trying to save her first."
"But Vivian, you didn't see her eyes, her face. It's like she's a completely different person. She's gone mad." 
I've known Leah since I was a child, but I couldn’t help but agree with Geneve. The Leah we all loved was gone. I can't imagine what sort of hold Winter placed on her. 
I didn't want to find out. 
Still, Vivian insisted that she wouldn't desert Leah to whatever spell Winter had on her. She took my bag and rushed out of the manor with Geneve following close behind.
Instead of following them, I grabbed something to write with and jotted down a quick message for Hugh on the first piece of paper I found. 
You'll find me in Tauton, love Chasity. 
“Hurry up, Chasity!” Geneve's frantic beckons encouraged me to move faster. I placed the note where it could clearly be seen and rushed out of the house, not knowing if Hugh's eyes would ever read my message.
Dusk came quickly. 
Brilliant orange and red colors spilled across the sky as though the sun were bleeding out as it sank behind the horizon. I've never seen a sunset quite like this one. My wild imagination would have me believe that it was the work of witchcraft. It very well could be. There was a lot of spell casting going around these days, after all.
The streets were ghostly empty as we made our way to the awaiting carriage. Once our things were loaded, it was time for us to depart. 
"I'll see you soon," Vivian promised. I honestly hoped that were the case, that somehow, some way, Vivian could bring Leah back from the brink and all of us would live out happy lives together.
But that terrible feeling that had taken hold of me since the day began grew stronger as we left Vivian and Ravensdale behind.
(Vivian's perspective)
The Gasper's mansion was lit up like the morning sun. 
Playful laughter and lively music could be heard all the way down the street. People were enjoying themselves, but how long was that going to last? 
The wide open doors to the Gasper's mansion invited all inside. The dance floor was alive with men and women spinning and twirling. Each of them concealed their faces with fancy masks. Funny, no one said that this would be a masquerade ball. I feel out of place.
I looked around the room for any sign of Leah. Part of me didn't want to find her here tonight, but my maternal instincts wouldn’t let me leave. I had raised Leah since she was an infant, but I could never bring myself to tell her the truth; that I'm her mother.
I was too ashamed to do so.
Memories of the night she was conceived against my will still haunted me. I was convinced that my rape was punishment for my line of work at the time. But I was rewarded with a beautiful child. Now that child was a woman, a woman whose life could have been stolen from me.
A thunderous round of applause snapped my attention back to the dance floor. A masked man and woman stepping down the stairs was the reason for the crowd's laudation. 
Is it Mister and Misses Gasper? No, it couldn’t be. 
Though his face is covered by a dark Venetian Mask the man's tall, slender build is a strong contrast to Constable Gasper's stout form. His blue hair also exposed his true identity. It's the man called Winter. I'm sure of it. 
Then the woman holding his hand, the woman in the gold and white leaf eye mask must be Leah. But why is everyone celebrating their entrance as though they are the hosts of this social dance? Do they not see the same two people who I am seeing?
With the dance floor open, Winter took Leah by her waist and pulled her body salaciously close to him. Their eyes never wavered from each other as they danced ever so graciously. 
Winter's hand slid up Leah’s thigh when he dipped her. It sickened me to watch Leah allow this strange man to glide his mouth along her neck, her cleavage. This shameless dance had gone on long enough.
"That's enough, Leah!" I shouted, causing everyone in the room to turn their attention to me, including Leah and Winter. I didn't want to believe it but the girls were right. The emptiness in Leah's eyes convinced me that she's no longer herself. 
As I looked around the room, into the eyes of others, it became very clear that no one here was who they should be. Their eyes were just as dead as Leah's. 
What had happened here?
"Never mind her, Leah," a familiar voice spoke from behind me. It was Beth like I'd never seen her before. She stood before me as a full-grown woman. 
"Continue whoring yourself out to that Pandora. It will make killing the both of you much more satisfying," Beth said.
With a wave of Beth's, hand the air in the room exploded. The witch had summoned a massive display of white energy and sent it flying through the room in Winter's direction. 
With the palm of his hand, Winter deflected her attack without batting an eyelash. I couldn’t be the only person witnessing this. Why hadn’t anyone moved, screamed or run for cover? Did Winter have a hold of their minds as well?
Leah smiled as Beth charged forward in a magically enhanced dash. Winter lept halfway across the room like a wild cat and the two forces collide. Beth's second attack was sent streaking into the ceiling when Winter deflected her hand. 
Quickly, he flung her around, locked her arm behind her back and wrapped his arm around her neck. Neither of them seemed to be concerned with anyone else in the room. Now was my chance to make contact with Leah.
I took the long way around the room to avoid the two spell casters who appear to be sharing words with each other. I'm too far away to hear what they were saying. I really didn’t want to know either. 
Leah waited by the spiral staircase with her attention squarely on Winter. "Leah!" I whispered, but she refused to acknowledge me. 
"LEAH!" I called, speaking louder this time. I didn't know if she ignored my first call or not, but after the second one, Leah shifted her head in my direction. God, I can't believe how dead her skin looks now.
"Are you here to see me off?" she asked.
"I'm here to get you away from this madness."
"Funny, Winter has promised to do the same."
"Winter is poison. Why can't you see that?"
"You shouldn't have sent Chasity away. Winter had a proposal for her. One that I'm sure would have pleased her very much."
"What kind of proposal?"
"It's not for your ears."
"Leah, this is insane. Look at you. You radiate death," I told her as I grabbed her by the arms.
"You cannot honestly tell me that this is what you want." 
I wanted to shake the detached expression off of her face, and the unnatural white streaks out of her hair. If only it were that simple. Her cold eyes seemed to look straight through my own. A brief smirk appeared on her face before her eyes swung back over to Winter. 
While I had been focused on Leah, it seemed that Winter had dominated Beth. As he towered over the witch, the bodies of those around us began to illuminate with a bright white light.
"Feast of the souls," said Leah, as though she knew what was about to transpire. The lights raced out of the bodies like shooting stars and hit Winter from all directions. For several minutes, Winter shimmered like the full moon, while one-by-one the people in the room all collapsed to the floor like drops of frozen rain.
Winter removed his mask then turned around to extend his hand to Leah. The evil that was hidden by the mask was as clear as a shallow river. How could Leah not see him the way I do? I'm convinced that this blue haired man was not some spell caster. He's not human at all. The mere sight of him sent chills through my body.
"Leah! Stop!" I plead, but she didn’t listen. She was mesmerized by him. 
Suddenly, Beth staggered to her feet. I had dismissed her for dead. Can she stop this madman before the damage he's done to Leah became irreversible?
"Don't make this difficult," an arrogant Winter said. "You're finished witch. 
None of your pathetic spells can harm me now."
"Maybe not you," Beth began. Her eyes turned completely white as a sudden gust of wind blew only around her. Knowing that he had little time to waste, Winter moved in to stop Beth, but it was too late.
An extremely loud blast exploded in my ears as a blinding red light engulfed my sight. For several seconds, I heard Beth's unstable cackling, along with Leah screaming.
And then, it was over.
Chapter 9
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, leave her be."
"As you wish, Lady Leah. I'll be most pleased when you're completely free of your human emotions."
"Soon, Winter. Soon."
"Leah? Leah?!" I scream but she didn’t answer me. I opened my eyes hoping to see my daughter again but she wasn’t here. 
Wherever here was. 
This room was unfamiliar to me. Where am I? What's happened? Where's Leah? 
My ears did not deceive me. She had to be here somewhere.
"Vivian!" I heard Chasity exclaim. She and Geneve sprinted into the room. Anguish had found a home on their innocent faces it seemed. "We were so worried about you!"
"Chasity, Geneve? What's happened? Is Leah with you?" Their shared silence gave me my answer.
"We—don't know what happened to Leah--" said Geneve. "Someone found you, on the outskirts of town a day ago. A day after Ravensdale was set ablaze."
"Ravensdale burnt down?" Those words repeated in my mind, but the dreadful news hadn’t sunk in yet. "The entire city burnt to the ground? How? Were there any survivors?"
Chasity somberly lowered her head and responded without words. Geneve walked over to the only window in the room and pulled the dark curtains open. My eyes protested the sudden brightness, at first, but they soon focused on an ominous cloud of smoke that rose into sky. 
"The city still burns as we speak," Geneve said, staring out of the window. "It has to be the work of that witch. They say that the fire refuses to die no matter what measures they use to fight it. Some have started calling it the never-ending flame."
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, what I was seeing. Surely Beth is the one responsible for Ravensdale's demise, but why am I alive to witness it? Is it because Leah didn't want me to share the city's fate? Should that be the case then perhaps shehasn't lost all of her humanity to Winter? If I could only find her, perhaps I could still save her soul.
"Did you see how this happened, Vivian?" Chasity's question impeded my thoughts.
"I – I can't remember everything that transpired. I do recall seeing Winter and 
Beth fighting. It was terrifying. Leah was there, as well, watching them--."
"We know that witch is responsible for this,” a convinced Geneve said, raising her voice too high for my liking.  "She did it to kill Winter and Leah. I hope it was worth murdering innocent victims in the process."
I'm certain Geneve was right, however, right now my concern was that the wrong ears could overhear our conversation. I took Geneve by the hand and Chasity as well. Today the three of us made a pact; we agreed to never speak a word of what we knew to anyone. 
If the wrong people knew of the truth, they would consider us witches and would have us executed without trial. "We must keep this a secret, for our safety."
Leah would not want any harm befalling on us because of something she had done, even if she's not in her right mind. I have to believe that. 
I embraced the girls tightly before they encouraged me to continue resting. On her way out of the room, Chasity paused. She closed the door quietly.
"Leah came to me last night," she began. "She said...she told me that Winter could reunite me with Hugh...if I joined them."
"What did you tell her?" I asked
"I turned her down."
"I'm relieved to hear that, Chasity. I know how much you adore Hugh, but I'm certain that following Leah won't lead you to happiness."
"I know. In my heart I know that Hugh will return to me on his own. I have to believe that."
Chasity's strength gave me reason to smile. 
Out of the three, Chasity was the last person I anticipated would have the will to reject temptation. If only Leah were as obstinate. Perhaps one day the fates will allow me to cross paths with my daughter again. But even if I've seen her smile, heard her laugh for the last time, I could only pray that one day Leah will be strong enough to escape the darkness that clouds her mind.
Before it's far too late.

Winter's Story

A woman's scream flooded my ears, yet my eyes refused to open. Muffled voices sounded from around me, both male and female. I live, but the witch's curse held firm. I must fight it. If she were to come for me, now, I would be at her mercy. 
My mind was numb, but I had to break free of the paralyzing spell. I envisioned my fate were that callous witch here. Her diamond heels echoed on the ground as she walked closer. She chuckled at the sight of the affliction she had placed on me. I could feel her close to me now. 

Damnit! I won't let it end this way!

My eyes flared open to a blurry image of a red-headed figure standing over me. As unfocused  as my sight proved to be, I was certain it was the witch standing over me. I grabbed hold of her as strong as possible, wishing I could do more.  
"I'll see you dead for this!" I threatened, as if the sound of my voice would be enough to stop her. Darkness immediately followed my brief outburst. I was convinced that I had breathed my last until I was able to open my eyes once more. 
The first thing I saw was my helpless body as it laid there in obscure surroundings. My constant effort to break free of the witch's curse had resulted in an astral projection of myself. Not exactly what I was hoping to achieve, but it will have to do for the time being. 
The advancing sound of footsteps outside of the door beckoned my attention. The entrance swung open allowing a frail human male inside. His hair was a shade similar to the witch’s. Was it he whom I saw before?
The astral form rippled like a stone tossed into a pond as the man obliviously passed through it. I watched this person as he forced the eyes of my real form open and monitored my pulse. 
I have a strong desire to see this man dead for laying his vulgar hands on my body. He should consider himself fortunate, for I would not permit any mortal to lay a finger on me under any circumstance.
Curious as to what I could achieve in this form, I left the confines by stepping through a solid wall. Under the darkness of night I explored my new settings. At first glance the area appeared to be vacant, until the alluring aroma of a fresh soul infiltrated my senses. I had to find the owner of this soul. It was a pure soul, exactly what I needed to break the witch's curse.
I roamed the darkness, following the soul's trail, which only I could see, until a body came into view. A young woman, seemingly eager to die, rushed inside of a burning house. An act of heroism perhaps or just suicidal? 
Either way, it would be a waste of a soul if she were to die because of her fatuous actions. I refused to let that happen.
No sooner had I passed through the wall of the burning structure did I find the young soul in dire straights. Fire surrounded her as she waited to die. I grabbed her arm and the two of us made our exit.
It would have been fairly easy for me to consume her soul as she forced the smoke from her lungs, but more devious ideas crossed my mind. I saved her life which automatically gave me ownership of her soul.

If I played my cards right this night may prove to be very rewarding.
　
After last night's encounter my astral form disappeared into the rising dawn. No matter how hard I tried I found it impossible to create another. 
Similar to the day before several voices conversed around me. I've come to recognize each one of them, including Lady Leah's. The witch was here as well. I was certain of it. 
But, she didn’t linger very long. She must have been checking up on her prisoner. How many more visits until I'm executed? I won’t wait here to find out.
As the ocean of stars returned so did my astral self. I was beginning to think that nightfall was the only time when it could take shape. Under the cover of darkness three children rushed down the street without an escort. 
I hadn't realized that humans had become so relaxed when it came to the safety of their offspring. Though they appear to be young girls, it didn’t take me long to see through their farce. It was the witch and she was on her way to kill me.
I summoned a creature of fire to protect my defenseless body from the treacherous witch and to bring the pure soul to me. It was time that I wove Lady Leah to my liking. Her attraction to my charm made seducing her into my world a simple task. I had that effect on female mortals and witches. 
Caressing her in all the right places pleasured her. I could smell her soul with every exhale. It was genuine, untouched just like the rest of her. I was tempted to satisfy her cravings tonight, but business must come first. 
She must make a willing commitment to me if I were to survive this night. As we stood under the eyes of the forest, the witch was making an attempt on my life. My fire creature could only keep her at bay for so long.
I whispered into Lady Leah's ear. "A witch has placed a curse on me. She's here in this town, seeking to put an end to me as I breath. Would you help me kill her? I will reward you greatly if you agree to aid me."
"Yes." Lady Leah's answer was swift. Her mind and soul were now mine to do as I pleased. Her tantalizing body would have to wait until the next time we met. 
Lady Leah's allegiance was not a moment too soon. The witch had defeated my firebird and now had her eyes set on my life. I could see it happening as though I were standing next to her. 
She raised her magically enhanced short sword with intent to kill. But her attack amounted to nothing as Lady Leah's life force surrounded my helpless body. If she wanted me vanquished so badly she knew that she would have to go through Lady Leah first. That was a move she wasn’t willing to make. 
Deterred, the witch had no other choice but to withdraw this night. Round two went to me. 
As for Lady Leah, she won't be burdened with the memory of how I extracted her soul from her body tonight, or how I manipulated it for my protection. Her fate would be unchanged even if she did.　
Because of our covenant my senses had been extended through Lady Leah. I could see everything she saw, hear what she heard. Better still, I could take over her thoughts whenever I fancied, a development that frustrated the witch. 
Lady Leah’s soul had nearly bonded with me in every shape and form. It was time for the final step.
In my immobilized state I awaited the return of my retainer. I had no use of the astral form now that I had Lady Leah to command. Under my will, she stole the soul of a young man who came into town specifically for her.
 
The poor fool. 

He wouldn't have satisfied her needs the way I plan to anyway. The youthful soul enter my body through Lady Leah’s lips, awakening every muscle inside of me. I was finally free of the witch's grip. Won't she be surprised when she laid eyes on her former lover up and walking again.
Though our relationship was destined for disaster the day we stepped on the battlefield together all those years ago, I took a liking to that witch. I suppose my attraction to her was only physical since her name escaped me even to this day. None of that matters now. I have Lady Leah to keep me company for the next millennium.

On the night of the dance nearly every citizen of Ravensdale descended on the largest structure in the city. The second they do so their minds and souls were mine for the taking. Everyone except Lady Leah's mother. 
As much as I'd love to add Vivian's soul to my collection, my new mistress was against it. I let her have her way, this time. As the party got underway the witch made her appearance as I expected. She wouldn’t pass up a chance to take my life.

Tonight will be our last dance.

The air around me intensified as I averted her spells. Eyes that I once admired were overflowing with animosity and perhaps a bit of jealousy. The distinctive smell of dead fig tree leaves inundated me as her curly hair brushed across my face. That fragrance conjured up memories of our time together and for a moment, I found myself hesitant to continue our clash.
"I'm willing to forgive your misdeeds if you were to desist this frivolous endeavor," I told the witch while I had her restrained. It's been too long since I've held her so close to me.
"Do you take me for a fool Pandora?" she sneered. "You want to feed on the humans? Use them as your concubine?" 
She slipped out of my grasps like a Black Mamba.The changing color in her eyes warned of another spell.  "I will create a plague much stronger than anyone I've ever crafted. Powerful enough to wipe the humans off of the face of this world! Then you will have nothing to play with! NOTHING!"
The witch had lightning and wind at her disposal, but she is far from a Goddess. I've no reason to fear her threats. With Lady Leah's bond her magic won’t harm me as it did before.
I lashed out at her with fearsome attacks of my own, strong enough knock the fight out of anyone, mortal or enchantress. Yet I fell short of killing her. I wanted her to witness my greatness as I depleted the life force of those around me. I wanted the witch to see Lady Leah standing where she once stood before I passed judgement on her soul.
"You're finished witch. None of your pathetic spells can harm me now."
"Maybe not you---." the witch began. She had one last spell to cast; one that I was too late to stop. The witch cackled venomously as white-hot fire surrounded me. I stood unaffected by the blaze, but Lady Leah's human shell wasn’t as lucky.
She screamed out in agony as the witch's fire scorched her clothes and hair. I had but seconds to save her, yet again, from a fiery death. I snatched her and her helpless mother from the mouth of fire then took to the skies.
Dear Vivian owed me her soul because of my actions tonight, but her daughter objected to my collecting it. 
All in due time. 
The angry fire birthed by the witch will burn for a very long time. It will take the will of a different demonic sorceress to control it. Until then, Ravensdale and all within it will burn for an eternity.
The billows of smoke blended with the clouds to create a gray and white pattern in the blue sky. Lady Leah watched the fire from a safe distance while running her hand through her once flowing hair now singed and shortened by the flames. Both of her hands and arms bore the burns of the witch's spell.
"The pain has subsided," she said.
"Soon you will never feel pain again,” I promised. “Death will forget that you exist."
"For a thousand years, you said. What happens to me a thousand and one years from now?"
I lifted her chin with my finger and gazed into her obedient eyes. "What happens to you a thousand and one years from now, Lady Leah, is up to you."

To be continued.


The story continues in 100 Years Of Winter. On sale now.


