FOUR and a ½ SHADES OF FANTASY
By W.J. May
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 W.J. May


This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

BOOK I

BOOK II

BOOK III

BOOK IV

SAMPLE – COURAGE RUNS RED

ALSO BY W.J. MAY



BOOK I

The Chronicles of Kerrigan
RAE OF HOPE
by
W.J. May
Copyright 2012 by W.J. May


http://www.wanitamay.yolasite.com
Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Author-WJ-May-FAN-PAGE/141170442608149
Cover design by: Patrick Griffith
The Chronicles of Kerrigan
Book I – Rae of Hope Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gILAwXxx8MU
Book II – Dark Nebula Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ca24STi_bFM
Book III – House of Cards, coming March 2014
Book IV – Royal Tea, coming July 2014

Book Summary
How hard do you have to shake the family tree to find the truth about the past?

Fifteen year-old Rae Kerrigan never really knew her family's history. Her mother and father died when she was young and it is only when she accepts a scholarship to the prestigious Guilder Boarding School in England that a mysterious family secret is revealed.

Will the sins of the father be the sins of the daughter?

As Rae struggles with new friends, a new school and a star-struck forbidden love, she must also face the ultimate challenge: receive a tattoo on her sixteenth birthday with specific powers that may bind her to an unspeakable darkness. It's up to Rae to undo the dark evil in her family's past and have a ray of hope for her future.



Dedications
Every book an author writes has a journey behind the story. My life took a different route when I lost my father to cancer in 2008. This book is dedicated to him, for even in death he taught me how strong faith can lead you, and how much of an example to others we are (even when no one is watching). This book, and all my writing, is a result of his courage to chase after “the impossible” and follow your dreams. Thanks Dad, I still miss you every day.
I have so many individuals to thank for encouraging me, and pointing me in the right direction to show everyone Rae’s potential:
My husband, who encourages me and makes me feel like the most important person in the world (I love you), and my three adorable kids (who even when they are sick of Mommy behind her computer, still love her). My extended family for their excitement – my mom, brothers and sisters (in and out laws :), and also my beta-reader nieces who read, and even wrote a book report on Rae before she became published!
Chapter 1
Guilder Boarding School

“You can’t undo the past. The sins of the father are the sins of the son, or in this case, daughter.”
Uncle Argyle’s ominous words had echoed in Rae’s head long after he dropped her off at the airport. “A proverb of truth” he had called it. Who spoke like that nowadays? Some good-bye. Tightening her ponytail and futilely trying to tuck her forever-escaping dark curls behind her ears, she looked at her watch, then out the bus window at the tree lined countryside. It seemed strange to see the sun. All she remembered was rain when she had lived in Britain nine years ago.
Trying to get comfortable, Rae tucked her foot up on the seat, and rested her head against her knee as she looked out at the scenery flashing by. A sign outside the window showed the miles before the bus reached Guilder. It’d be another twenty-five minutes. She popped her ear buds in, blew the bangs away from her forehead and stared out the window across the rolling farm fields, trying to let the music from her iPod distract her.
It didn’t work. Just when she felt the tension begin to ease from her shoulders and she started to get into the song, something caught her eye. Black smoke billowed just near the top of a lush green hill. Rae stared, her heart fluttering as an old memory began to take hold. She knew what that smoke meant. She’d seen it before, long ago.
Someone’s house was burning.
Crap, crap crap, no I don’t want to go there. Her heart started racing and her stomach turned over, making her feel nauseous.
Dropping her knee, she gripped the seat in front of her, burying her face in her hands taking deep breathes, like the therapists taught her to do. She’d gone through years of therapy to treat what had been called “panic attacks”. It didn’t matter what other people called it. To her, it was simply hell; like being sucked back in time against her will, to a place she never wanted to revisit. So she breathed the way she’d been taught, slow breathe in, all the way, then slow breath out, all the time chanting it’s not real, it’s not real in her head.
It helped calm her racing heart and made her feel more in control, but it didn’t erase the memory. Nothing on Earth could do that. Being back in England for the first time and seeing the strange smoke, Rae felt six years old all over again.
She’d been in the living room coloring with new markers before bed when her mother told her to take them to the tree house her dad had built for her and play there until she called her in. That call never came. The blaze bounced horrific shadows around the inside of the tree house. The stinky black smoke slithered in and scared her little six year old self in ways the monsters under her bed never had.
Rae shuddered and lurched upright, forcefully bringing herself back to the present. Could this school be any further into the sticks?
Glancing around the now vacant bus, she wondered if the driver had purposely left her until last. She’d watched the last few people get off at a school about fifteen minutes ago, Roe-something or other. They all looked the same, all pretty girls with blonde hair, not one of them thin, pale, and tall like her. They hadn’t been friendly. Big surprise there… She was used to it. She tended to fly under the radar at best. So she handled them the way she always handled the ones who instantly didn’t like her for no reason she could come up with. Rae avoided making eye contact and tried to appear immersed in the Guilder Boarding School brochure. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to make friends. She’d just never really had any. Most kids her age either didn’t like her or didn’t notice her.
It bugged her that Uncle Argyle had pushed so hard for her to go when Guilder sent the letter. He’d been the one to move them all from Scotland to New York when she’d come to live with them, taking her away from the horrible tragedy of her parents’ death, and now, he suddenly leapt at the chance for her to go back? It didn’t make any sense. It sort of sucked to leave her current high school. She lacked close friends, but she also lacked enemies, which was a plus in her book. The girls there seemed just as stuck up as the ones who’d gotten off the bus earlier, but they’d simply ignored her. Rae always told herself it didn’t matter anyway. Cliques were so passé in her opinion.
Another weird thing that she couldn’t seem to find an answer to was why Guilder would choose her? How did they even know she existed? Her uncle boasted how big a deal it was for her to be selected, but he’d never once explained how they’d even come to know about her in the first place. She had the grades, the brain part always came easy for her, but she didn’t have any extra-curricular activities at all, nothing to make her stand out. So, how had this amazing school she’d never heard of before decide to take her on? It didn’t make any sense. She tried a few times before she left to corner her uncle and get him to explain part or all of it, but he’d always seemed to be busy.
While this wasn’t exactly abnormal behavior for him, it still left her with a sense of foreboding, something that had clung to her ever since she got the letter. She couldn’t figure out why, but she had a strong sense that something big was coming. Whether it was good or bad, she didn’t know.
A movement out of the corner of her eye caught her attention, pulling her mind out of the endless circle of questions in her head. She turned to look out the window, and was stunned to see the largest bird she’d ever seen in her life. Maybe an eagle? The thing flew parallel with the bus, right beside her. Pressing her face against the cool glass, her gaze focused intently on the curious sight. She jerked back when its large wings flapped, brushed the window, and then veered away. She watched its graceful flight as it soared and then swooped to settle onto the limb of a large tree just ahead. As the bus passed by, the bird seemed to lock eyes with Rae and she was mesmerized. Rae had always wondered what it would feel like to be a bird, to fly so free, go anywhere the wind took her. She continued to watch the bird until she couldn’t see it anymore, then slumped back into her seat as the bus sped onward down the long road.
Guilder Boarding School. She gnawed at the cuticle on her thumbnail a little too hard and ripped the skin, drawing a wince from her. She couldn’t help it, she always did this when she was nervous. She’d be the only American girl. Well, not really American. She held a British passport but had moved to New York after her parents died in the fire, leaving her orphaned. So…not really American, not really British; a little of both, but belonging to neither.
The bus cruised by an aged stone sign. Guilder Boarding School, Founded 1520. One of Britain’s Finest Educational Institutions. Rae read the sign and wondered how a school could be that old and not be featured in stories or online. She found nothing when she tried researching it. They drove under an old, leaded window arch that connected two round, red-brick towers. The stream of people coming and going from the doors at the bottom made her think it must be some kind of office. She craned her neck to get a better view. The buildings were old but were well kept and held an almost magical aura of their original Tudor era. She half expected to see men in tights and codpieces strutting down the road, leading their horses, with corseted ladies perched delicately atop them. The mental picture amused her and she absent-mindedly smiled. Her eyes were drawn to the ornate, brick chimneys along the buildings’ roofs. She glimpsed the other buildings beyond. This place looks huge…hope I don’t get lost.
The driver pulled to a halt in front of a building with an embossed plaque that said “Aumbry House”. The ancient building had ivy growing all over it. It looked like it was probably older than Henry VIII, leaving Rae with horrifying visions of chamber pots dancing in her head. It better have indoor plumbing…
The bus door slid open with a hiss. Rae gathered her two small suitcases and her book bag, clambered down the aisle and finally, blessedly, off the bus.
“Welcome to Guilder, Ms. Kerrigan.” Rae awkwardly spun around to face the voice, finding that a tall, thin woman stood on the concrete steps of the building, her eyes darting left and right, pausing on Rae for barely more than a few seconds.
Rae stared, wondering where the lady had come from. She wasn’t there a moment ago. Rae looked at the woman’s long, wool skirt. This might be England, but today is sweltering. How is she not melting in this heat?
“I am Madame Elpis, your house mistress.” The lady darted down the large concrete steps, pausing on the last step and, in one fluid motion, tucked her clip board under an armpit and extended her hand.
The woman’s features reminded Rae of a bird – her jet-black hair, dark eyes, and especially the jutting nose. Rae nodded and dropped a suitcase so she could return the handshake, her fingers crushed by the woman’s claw-like grip. Ow, ow, ow! So you’re freakishly strong, got it.
“Come along. No time for dilly-dallying.” She turned and marched up the steps, not checking to see if Rae followed or needed any help with her bags.
Huffing out a breath, Rae grabbed her things and clambered to follow, hearing the bus driver chuckle as he closed the door behind her. I’m spending the next two years here? What joy; What freakin’ bliss.
Hammering and drilling noises from above greeted Rae as she came through the entrance. The clamor echoed throughout the building.
“Fifteen and sixteen-year-olds are on the second floor,” Madame Elpis shouted above the noise. “Your room is the last door on the left.” She checked the chart she’d been holding under her arm. “Molly Skye is your roommate. I assume you can find the way.” The last part was more statement than question.
“Thank you,” Rae replied uncertainly, not knowing what else to say.
Madame Elpis pointed to a door on her left. “The study hall’s through there. The glass doors lead to the game room. The door to your right is to my living quarters. You are not permitted there.” She led Rae to the winding staircase made of black and white marble. “Juniors are on the second floor, seniors on the third and fourth.” She glanced at an old pocket watch hanging on a chain around her neck and, if possible, straightened even more. “Dinner is at five o’clock, sharp.” She turned, her skirt swirling as she darted into her room, and with a kick of her boot, slammed the door.
Rae exhaled the breath she hadn’t realize she’d been holding. The banging of hammers and screeching whine of electric saws reverberated through the hallway. She was so nervous, the hammering could have been coming from her heart and she wouldn’t have been able to tell the difference.
Rae took her time up the marble stairs and, once on the landing, headed left to the end of the hall. Biting the inside of her cheek, she gave a light knock at the slightly open door and peered in. Empty. Rae cautiously pushed the door open and surveyed her new room.
Thick, lush brown carpet covered the floor. Two beds, with matching duvets and tan suede pillows, rested against the opposing walls. One of which already sat full of half-empty suitcases. Modern closets with ample space matched perfectly with the antique desks built into the wall by each oriel window. Rae inhaled deeply, taking in a mingled sense of fresh paint and the unique scent of antiques.
Finally! It’d been one helluva long day of traveling. Much of the tension ebbed from her shoulders and she cracked a smile for the first time in hours.
Rae dropped her suitcases on the uncluttered side of the room. Her roommate, Molly, must have stepped out halfway through unpacking. Her closet doors were spread open, with hangers already full of clothes and more shoes than Rae had owned in her entire life. She’d never been big on dressing up, but she still knew designer labels when she saw them and she saw an awful lot of them in that closet. Hopefully, her roommate didn’t end up being superficial. Rae stood there wondering how she’d deal with it if she had to room with Guilder’s Next Super Model. Visions of her roommate stomping up and down the room in heels practicing her “walk” distracted her. She didn’t hear the footsteps walking down the hall to the door.
“What are you doing in me room?” Rae jumped and dropped her purse. A fashionably dressed girl stood in the doorway. She had dark, mahogany red hair, the kind women paid insane amounts of money to try to copy. Oh great…well, here we go.
“Molly?” Rae swallowed. “I’m your new roommate.”
Molly stared Rae up and down. “You’re Rae Kerrigan? I pictured someone totally different. You’re not scary at all!” She laughed as if at some private joke. Scary? Me? What is she talking about?
“Name’s Molly Skye. I’m from Cardiff, in Wales.” She shoved one of her suitcases onto the floor and dropped into the small, open space on the bed.
Rae watched, confused. Why would anyone think of her as scary? Because she lived in New York? She had a terrible premonition of being the odd one out, and school hadn’t even started yet.
“You’re not sixteen, eh? No ta’too?” Molly pointedly dropped her gaze down to Rae’s waist, as if she expected Rae to show her something.
Tattoo? Rae squinted, trying to listen closer to Molly’s accent. The way she spoke, some of the words were hard to make out. Why would she ask if I have a tattoo?
“My birthday’s in three days. It’s going to be so awesome!” Molly leaned back on her elbows. “When’s yers?”
“My birthday? Uh…not ‘til November.” Straight into the personal info. Okay, I think I know what my roommate is going to be like.
“November? You do have a long wait.” Molly grimaced and shook her head. “Poor you. You’ll be the last one inked for sure.” She jumped off the bed. Rae noted the strange comment, but Molly’s motor-mouth went speeding on, so she filed it away for examination at a later time.
“What’d you think of our room? Pretty cool, eh? Aside from the construction on the floors above us.” She shot the ceiling an annoyed look. “I just talked to one of the workers. He said they finish at four. They start again at like eight in the morning! Can you believe that? Who gets up at that time, anyway?”
Wow. Molly can talk without pausing for breath. Rae nodded and tried to keep up. She watched Molly roll from the balls of her feet to her heels, back and forth continually. It was a typically nervous gesture that Rae attributed to meeting new people. Everybody has their issues, but it’s still surprising, considering how fast she’s talking.
“Can you believe we got invited to Guilder? We’re two of sixteen females within a landmass of rich, supposedly unattainable, handsome boys.” When Rae didn’t respond, Molly squinted at her. “You do know why you’re here, right?”
Rae shrugged. Jet lag seemed to be eating her brain cells. “To be honest, I don’t really know what you mean. I haven’t been in England since I was six and I know nothing about Guilder.” Despite numerous Google searches at home and having my nose buried in the brochure for an hour on the ride here.
“You’re not slow or something, are you?” Rae shook her head slowly wondering if her talkative new roomie had just insulted her. Molly stared, scratching her head. “You really don’t know, do you?” She looked up and to the left, obviously recalling something important. She straightened, as if quoting some bit of brochure from memory. “Guilder’s a highly sought after educational institution, but it is primarily a school for the gifted. People who get to go to Guilder know why. The rest of the world has no idea!”
Rae curled her fingers tight, her nails digging into her palms. She felt stupid and also irritated at herself for feeling stupid. It wasn’t something she wanted to deal with, especially after such a long day of travel. “What makes us…gifted?”
Molly’s eyes grew huge. She paced the room. “Oh, my... Me da’s never going to believe this. You seriously don’t know ANYTHING?!”
Rae felt her blood pressure rising. She knew she was tired, confused, and nervous. None of that it was helping her temper, but she was determined not to lose it on what amounted to a total stranger. She pressed her lips tight to stop any snappish comment that might escape. Can’t the ditz just answer a simple question with a straight answer?
Molly swung around in front of Rae, dramatically squared her shoulders, and put on a serious face. “When we turn sixteen, we receive our ink blot.”
“What?”
“A ta’too.” She leaned forward and whispered, “It gives us special powers.”
Pause…say what? “P-Powers?” Rae tried not to laugh. Had her uncle sent her to an institution for the insane? “You’re kidding, right?” Uncle Argyle had told her the experience would change her life, but hadn’t said how. Rae figured he meant she’d do some growing up – like a maturity thing. And, of course, there was that silly proverb. But perhaps he’d mistakenly sent her off to a giant rubber room.
Molly waved a hand. “I’m serious. The gift is passed down from generation to generation.” She blew out an exaggerated breath. “Any guy around here who’s sixteen has a ta’too on the inside of his forearm.” She dragged Rae toward the window and pointed to the building across from them. “That’s the boys’ dorm. Let’s go outside and walk around. I’ll get one of them to show you what I mean.”
Her eyes dropped down to Rae’s clothes, her lips pursed tight together. “Do you fancy a quick change before we go?”
Rae laughed, despite her roommate’s serious expression. Molly definitely was crazy, but she had a point. She’d dressed comfortably for travel, and even though she wasn’t big on fashion, even she drew the line at meeting her new classmates looking like a worked-over hag. She could use some freshening-up. “Yeah, give me a moment.”
“I’m off downstairs to try and find some cute boys. Meet me outside when you’re ready.” Molly left, still chattering nonstop with no one in the hall to listen.
Rae opened the closest suitcase and grabbed the first pair of jeans and top within reach. She hesitated and dug a little deeper into her suitcase. The jeans were fine, they were new, but a white t-shirt seemed too plain. She found a pink Converse tank top with ONE STAR written in sparkles. She pulled out her hair tie, wishing her unruly black curls were straight like Molly’s perfect hair. She never bothered with makeup because she had crazy-long eyelashes that mascara seemed to only want to clomp up against, and almost everything else just made her look kinda like a sloppy hooker. Keep it simple, that’s what her aunt had always told her. She settled for lip gloss, and deodorant, and then grabbed a pair of sandals before tossing her purse under her pillow. Now, time to find out what Molly’s been babbling on about, or at least, maybe meet some cute guys. She might be invisible most of the time, but eye candy was eye-candy, no matter which side of the Atlantic it was seen on.
Once outside, she shaded her eyes against the bright sunlight with her hand and searched for her new roommate.
Molly stood further down the sidewalk, talking to a very hot guy with chestnut brown hair, dark eyes and a dimple on his right cheek. It disappeared when he stopped smiling and began talking again, making Rae a little sad. She wanted to see that dimple again. Rae bounded down the steps, and then slowed down, trying not to appear too excited. She flinched and covered her head when a loud crashing noise sounded from above, and a large piece of debris flew down from the fourth floor and landed in the blue bin beside her. Face burning, she pretended it hadn’t bothered her and continued walking. Molly and the boy turned to stare in her direction.
Rae heard someone holler from above, but couldn’t make out what the guy said. Embarrassed by her reaction a moment before, she ignored the shout and kept walking. Molly’s eyes grew big, her hands flew to her cheeks and her mouth dropped open. She screamed. Rae stared as Molly frantically pointed above her head. Rae tipped her head up. She froze in horror when she saw a huge, severed piece of wood paneling balanced like a seesaw on the window ledge several floors above.
The wood scraped against the windowsill, and teetered as if undecided which way it should fall. Oh crap! A gust of hot, dry wind blew by, knocking the severed beam into final decent. It spun as it fell and all sound was just gone.
Fight or flight. Rae dropped her gaze, her eyes darted about. The guy beside Molly moved toward her frozen frame. Everything moved in slow motion except for the guy running like a freight train. He was greased lightning, moving faster than anything Rae had ever seen. It didn’t seem possible for a person to move so fast. And why am I focused on him when I’m about to be squashed like a bug?

Chapter 2
Proverb of Truth

Just as she was about to throw her hands over her head for what little protection she could offer herself, Rae’s neck was jerked sideways, she went flying through the air and landed on dry dirt with a thump. Before she could react, warm arms wrapped around her body, forcing her head against a hard chest. They rolled together a bit and, and just as they stopped moving, Rae felt and heard the impact of the paneling hit the ground exactly where she’d been standing a moment before. Dropping her head back against the ground, trying to remember how to breathe after having the air squished out of her lungs, she opened her eyes and waited for them to focus. The cute guy lay on top of her, and the wooden beam had crashed down in the spot where she’d just been standing. The cute boy rolled off, but not before she got a thrill from the smell of his musky scent with a hint of delicious aftershave. Wow…
She stayed on the grass, unable to tell if being winded came from the fall or the boy. Rae spat some dirt out of her mouth and did a mental check. Nothing felt broken or even hurt too bad. Still dazed, she stared up at the building, trying to figure out if what had just happened was real. The shoulders and heads of two men in hard hats popped through the window.
“Everyone all right down there?” the one wearing a white hat shouted.
The boy glanced at Rae then called back up. “I think we’re fine, but you guys are nuts!”
“Yeah, sorry about that. We’re done for the day now, anyway.” The men laughed and disappeared inside the window. Rae thought it seemed a bit rude of them, but had other more important things to focus on at the moment.
The boy dusted dirt and grass off his knees, then held his hands out to help her up. “I’m Devon Wardell.”
Rae wiped her forehead, feeling dirt and grime mix into her skin. Great first impression Rae. She forced her attention back to the boy and nodded, her gaze drifting from his handsome face down his lean torso and along his bare arms. There, below the elbow of his right arm, lay a tattoo of a cute little fox with big ears. She blinked and sat straight up, silently pointing. Suddenly afraid all of Molly’s crazy talk might be true, Rae didn’t have the courage to ask.
“It’s a Fennec fox. They’re originally from the Sahara Desert.” Devon’s expression remained serious.
“You don’t have long ears.” Molly stated as she stepped over Rae to stand next to him. Rae could hardly believe the lack of concern for her well-being. Gee, thanks roomie.
Devon laughed. “No, I don’t. Most of us don’t actually take on the look of our ink.” Shoving his hands in his pockets, he winked at Rae. He swallowed and then opened his mouth to speak, but Molly started before he had a chance.
“That’s so cool! So, what’s your gift? I mean, besides the speed thing we just saw. Did you figure it out right away?” She moved in front of Rae, blocking her view.
Devon sighed and sat down on the grass and Molly followed suit, settling next to Rae and actually leaning into her, making Rae wonder what she’d done to deserve having her personal boundaries invaded. However, it wasn’t of the utmost importance at the moment, since Devon was again talking, flashing that dimple her way. “No, I didn’t. The morning I turned sixteen, I had no idea of the tatù’s power. My father’s got almost the same one, but we never talked about it.” He stared up at the sky and snorted, then he smiled at the girls.
“That night I figured it out quick.” He gave a wry chuckle. “I got me some pretty cool nocturnal gifts.”
“Awesome night vision?” Molly asked.
“Yeah, and incredible hearing. Plus, Fennec foxes can jump, and are super fast.”
Understatement, Rae thought. Speeding-bullet fast…
“Fantastic!” Molly dropped to the ground and sat close to Devon. “I can’t wait! Only three more days for me. My father’s got some zigzag line, which he uses at his jewelry shop and a few other places he owns. It’s like he’s got a pair of jumper cables instead of hands! Hopefully, I’ll have something more girly for my power.”
Rae finally found her voice around the same time her brain caught up to the conversation. “Wait. Your dad’s got a tattoo?”
Molly gave her a funny look. “Of course. Your parents bo–”
“Are you sure you’re all right?” Devon cut Molly off.
Rae didn’t miss the move, wondering what it was about, but was unwilling to re-direct his attention back to the conversion. “I’m fine, I think.” She stretched her back. “Just shocked, that’s all.” Which was putting it mildly. I just narrowly avoided death, and am now surrounded by people obsessed with tattoos who also have superpowers. Fantastic…Sure…I’m great…
“Rae!” Molly turned, as if suddenly remembering the recent traumatic event. “Wow! You could’ve been killed! Glad Devon saved you, or I’d get stuck with some dolt of a roommate.” She flipped her hair behind her shoulder. “What about you? Do you have any idea what yours is going to be? Any help from your dad? Or mom?”
Devon elbowed Molly in the ribs, but kept his concerned eyes on Rae.
“I…uh…my folks…” Rae didn’t know what to say or think. Why would her parents have anything to do with this? Could what she was hearing even be remotely possible? Strange as it might seem, she knew it was true. It just seemed to make sense deep down inside, even though she couldn’t pinpoint why. Or…I could be going crazy… Her stomach clenched and rolled. She suddenly felt woozy. “I…um…I think I need to walk around a bit and get some fresh air.” She started to stand.
“Wait. I’ll come with you. In case you pass out or something.” Devon reached for her hand and helped her to her feet. Once she was up, he didn’t let go, and Rae didn’t want him to. “Molly, think you could grab Rae a bottle of water or something?” He smiled, and the cute dimple appeared again.
“Sure. I’ll meet you guys on the front steps of Aumbry House.”
Rae enjoyed the thrill from Devon’s warm, strong hand in hers. She followed him down the sidewalk, concentrating on slowly breathing in and out. The dizziness began to disappear, but the dull pain of a headache beat at the back of her skull.
They passed a building marked Joist Hall. “I’m sorry Molly threw all of this on you. For the record, we aren’t crazy. Headmaster Lanford told me you probably didn’t know anything about our ink-art.” He stared straight ahead. “The school isn’t sure how much your uncle or father might’ve told you.” He looked at her out of the corner of his eye. “Did you know they both attended Guilder?”
What? She planned to kill her uncle next time she saw him. She had obviously been owed a long conversation, stuffed with pertinent information, before he put her on the plane. But all I got was a stupid proverb. She shook her head. “Why do you know so much about me?”
Devon laughed and patted her shoulder. “You’re quite the talk of Guilder at the moment—the English-American who convinced the headmaster, and dean, to open the college to girls.” He coughed, as if trying to cover his words. “Or, uh…you know, open another college for females only…technically speaking that is....”
Wait a sec…Rae stopped in her tracks. “I didn’t convince anyone! I haven’t even spoken to the headmaster or the dean. One day I got a letter telling me I’d been accepted. I just assumed my uncle applied without asking me. He’s originally from Scotland, so I thought maybe he knew about this place.”
Devon waited a few paces ahead. “Weird.” The puzzled look on his face turned to teasing. “Well, the faculty’s pretty excited you came. You might not know them, but, trust me, they know all about you.”
“What’re you talking about?” She crossed her arms and felt the beginnings of annoyance emerge from her inner turmoil.
“You’re special.”
Rae’s face burned. Giddy from his comment, she couldn’t help but laugh. “No, I’m not. I’m just one of the average, quiet, sorta -smart girls. Though, at this moment, I feel pretty dumb.” She tapped the toe of one sandal against the heel of the other. “Why in the world would the dean, headmaster, or anyone else think I’m special?”
“Because of who you are.”
That didn’t make sense. “‘Cause I’m Rae Kerrigan?”
“Yes, silly, and because of your parents.”
“What about my parents?” Rae could hardly remember anything about them. She’d been so little when they died in that terrible fire almost ten years before.
“I don’t think it’s my place to explain.” Devon nervously shifted his weight from foot to foot. “Maybe you should talk to Headmaster Lanford.”
“I plan to.” She chewed on her nail, imagining some scary, crazy principal dressed in long, dirty robes who spoke in proverbs of truth like her uncle. “What’s he…uh, like?”
“He’s good. Big guy. Bad hair. You’ll like him, and he’ll answer all your questions.” Devon absent-mindedly traced his tattoo with his fingers. “Don’t pack your bags and jump on the first plane back to New York. Give Guilder a chance. It’s even better than the brochures say.” He grinned, showing his adorable dimple. “We’ll grow on you. And trust me, when you get inked, you’ll be glad you’re here.”
“On my sixteenth birthday, like Molly said? I’ll get a tattoo on my arm?”
“Nah, yours is on your lower back.” Devon’s cheeks turned a light shade of pink. “It’s way cooler on girls than guys.”
Sexier was the word he didn’t say, but Rae could read it on his face. She’d seen tattoos on girl’s backs but never thought of them as anything more than ink. A tramp stamp. She needed to start taking notes if she planned to fit in at this school. “I guess I’ll just have to wait three days and see Molly’s.” She had so many questions bubbling inside her. She wanted to ask if they got to choose their tattoo or if they were pre-selected for them. Maybe they had some kind of list. If there was, when did she get on it? She pressed her lips together, not wanting to appear denser than she was sure she already looked.
“Sure, or some of the older girls will show you.” He pointed toward Aumbry House. “Molly’s talking to Haley and Maria. They’re both sixteen. Want to go meet them?”
Butterflies bashed around inside Rae’s gut. What if everyone knew about her like Devon did? What did that mean anyway? She let out a slow breath. “Sure.” No sense in being shy in front of the hot, and probably senior, boy. For some reason, she wanted to impress him and being a recluse wouldn’t accomplish that.
As they walked back to Aumbry House, Molly ran over to greet them. The other two girls followed at a slower pace.
“Rae, meet Haley and Maria!” Molly gushed the introduction in what Rae was beginning to see was her typical fashion.
“Hi,” said the blonde-haired, brown-eyed girl. “I’m Haley.”
A tiny, dark-haired girl peeked around Haley’s shoulder. “Hello.”
Rae blinked. She could’ve sworn Maria had just said “hi” but she hadn’t seen the girl’s lips move. She glanced at the others to see if they’d heard it as well, but she couldn’t quite tell. Maybe it’s the jetlag in my brain playing tricks on me.
Devon checked his watch. “Ladies, I’d love to stay and chat, but I’ve a football match. My housemates will be ticked if I don’t show. I’m already late.” He patted Rae on her shoulder.
As he jogged away, Rae noticed the others staring at his retreating figure. No surprise there. He’s part superhero.
“He’s so hot,” Molly murmured.
“And sexy. Definitely worth watching,” Haley said. “And chasing.”
“No dating, remember?” Molly half-heartedly chided.
“Guilder highly discourages that. It’s taboo – not that I plan on paying attention to the that rule.” Molly walked behind Haley and reached for the back of her shirt. Haley deftly stepped just out of reach.
Molly didn’t even acknowledge the dodge. She just powered straight on into conversion. “Can we see your ink?
“Have you figured out how to use it?” Molly, definitely not the shy type.
Haley laughed. “I, by no means, have mastered my gift. But I’m sure I’ve figured out what I can do. Coming here is only going to make me stronger and better.” She pulled her shirt up and turned around to show her back to both of them. Above her jeans was a stunning tattoo of a whirlwind or tornado.
“So, what all can you do?” Molly asked as she impatiently tapped her foot.
“I can make wind.”
Molly snorted.
Haley shot her an annoyed look. “No, silly, not that kind of wind. I create wind. Big wind, or even just little gusts.” Haley twittered a high-pitched laugh which Rae found annoying. “At my old school, I used to send small gusts to mess up my teacher’s piles of papers, other stuff like that. Right now, though, if I try anything stronger, I end up flying backward.”
Molly skipped ahead to the next subject, seemingly unimpressed with Haley’s power. “What about yours, Maria? What’s your ink?”
Rae felt sorry for the tiny girl. She looked like she wanted to disappear. Rae decided to come to the rescue and end Molly’s little impromptu inquisition. “Hey, why don’t we head over to where Devon’s playing?”
“And meet more cute boys?” Molly gave a little kid-like bounce. “Let’s go.”
The girls headed off to the sports fields.
“Thanks.” A soft voice spoke inside Rae’s head, causing her to misstep, but she quickly caught herself. She glanced at Maria from the corner of her eye and nodded. When Maria smiled, Rae grinned. Holy Cow! That really happened! She talked in my head! This school is going to be so amazing.
Molly suggested they head to the middle of the sidelines, so they could see both teams. They sat down on the bleachers to watch. It didn’t take long for Rae to figure out Devon was easily the quickest and most talented on his team. The boys seemed oblivious to the girls sitting in the bleachers, which Rae didn’t mind. It gave her time to calm the butterflies in her stomach.
A boy on the opposite team dribbled the ball near his goalkeeper. In the blink of an eye, he’d passed midfield and streaked around a defense player. He took a shot on the net, scoring easily. Rae blinked and rubbed her eyes, wondering if she was seeing things.
“No goal! No goal!” Devon waved his arms in the air. “Riley, you know the rules. Only natural play—no gifts!”
“Give me a break! I can’t help if my slow running is faster than everyone else’s,” Riley shouted. His teammates cheered and slapped him on the shoulder.
“You’re not faster than the speed of light without your gift! No way can you argue with the laws of physics.” Devon tapped his head and the other boys laughed. “Trying to impress the girls?” The guys started walking over to where the girls sat.
“Whatever.” Riley scowled at him.
Devon bowed dramatically to the girls.
“Hey, I’m Riley.” He stepped in front of Devon.
Rae noticed a tattoo of a cheetah on his wrist. That explained his speed.
“Gals, this is my team. Our keeper is Nicholas, our two defensemen are …” Riley’s eyes and mouth stopped moving when they came to Rae. He simply froze, staring at her like he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Is it my hair? Is there something on my face? She suddenly wished she could hide behind Haley. But no matter how hard she wished, she could see by the look on his face, the something which had stunned him to silence, was her. “You’re Rae Kerrigan, aren’t you?”
All laughter and jostling from the guys walking toward them stopped instantly. Rae swore all their jaws dropped open at the same time. Her temper flared from embarrassment and the stress of the day combined with the fact that she had no idea why everyone was acting so strange. Words rushed out of her mouth before she had a chance to think them through. “Yes, I’m Rae. I’ve no idea what you’ve been told about me, but let me assure you, I feel ten times more uncomfortable around you than you do around me.” You strange bunch of gifted people have no idea how terrifying you are.
Devon came to her rescue. “Don’t mind Riley. He may be fast as a cheetah, but he has the tact of a rat.” Riley scowled at Devon’s comment, but it broke the ice, and the boys laughed and relaxed. They obviously trusted him. Hmm…cute, superhero, tactful and now, trustworthy…nice package.
Molly piped up, “I’m not inked yet. My birthday’s in three days. Rae doesn’t turn until November fifteenth.”
Rae stared at her roommate in shock. How did Molly know that? She hadn’t told her. Molly had the date wrong. Due to a clerical error when she was born, her birth certificate showed the wrong date, but at this point Rae didn’t really feel like correcting the mistake, since Molly shouldn’t have known it in the first place. It suddenly seemed like a very good idea to make sure her true birth date remained a secret.
“So you’re just normal ‘til November?” one of the younger boys asked. “Poor you for the next few months.”
Rae just stared mutely at him. Poor me?
“That’s Brady. He turned sixteen four months ago, but he’s been here since he was thirteen,” Devon said.
“Didn’t help him learn any skills on how to control his gift,” a different boy teased. Brady just smiled and pushed his fingers at the commenter, who went sprawling backward.
“Brady can control wind, like Haley.” Devon ruffled Brady’s hair. A tall boy with his dark, almost black, hair tied in a ponytail, rested his arm on Devon’s shoulder. Rae noted the confident, comfortable gesture. This was obviously one of Devon’s friends and Rae decided she wanted to know all of his friends. She’d need to start gathering information since everyone seemed to have the details on her already.
“Hiya. I’m Julian. My talent is by far the most interesting. I can draw the future.” He tapped his long, artistic fingers on his wrist. “I’ve just had a vision telling me it’s half past four and Lanford’s getting hungry. If we want to eat, we’d better start heading back.”
The guys collected their belongings. Rae stayed close to the girls as they headed back to the school buildings. She felt uncomfortable about the impact her name caused but she didn’t know what to do about it, or even the reason behind it. She was glad that Devon walked beside them, along with Julian, who seemed unfazed about her identity. Anyone behaving like a normal person ranked high on her good list at the moment.
About half-way back, Devon interrupted what had become a comfortable silence. “We’ll see you shortly, at the table.” He let his shoulder rub against Rae’s. “We’ll save you a seat.” The guys headed into Joist Hall, and the girls continued to Aumbry House.
“Don’t you think they’re all super -hot?” Molly whispered as they headed up the steps.
“Dunno.” She shrugged, caring more about information than boys at the moment. The headmaster had better be at dinner tonight. She wanted to get some answers to the millions of questions flying around in her head.


Chapter 3
Headmaster Lanford

Back in their room, Molly did a quick hair check and make up refresher. Quick wasn’t quite the right word exactly. She needed half an hour to fix what, in Rae’s opinion, already looked perfect. Then they headed back down the stairs to meet the other girls.
“If we’re the only four here so far, why the heck does Madame Elpis wanna meet downstairs? She makes it sound so…mandatory,” Molly whined as they waited at the main entrance.
Rae ignored the childish tone of Molly’s complaint. “Do you know what her i-ink is?” It felt funny trying to talk as if she understood everything.
“Madame Claws?” Molly laughed. “Not a clue. Each professor, as well as the headmaster and dean, is inked. So we know she has one, we just don’t know what it is.”
Rae grinned. Molly could switch moods faster than a light switch.
Haley, followed by Maria, came down the black and white marble stairs. “I heard Guilder won’t hire anyone who isn’t inked,” Haley said. “My father says the school may seem like any other prestigious college, but everyone who graduates from here does big things. They’re all successful and make loads and loads of money.” She paused to flash a haughty smile. “My father does very well and has big plans for me.” Haley finished with a snobbish smirk.
“What’re you gonna do with wind power?” Molly asked flatly, rolling her eyes.
“I’ll find something, and I’ll be rich,” Haley’s expression transformed from snobby to terrifying, making Rae nervous.
What’s the deal there? Rae wondered if Haley was any relation to the Wicked Witch of the West. All she needs now is the cackle. Rae could just picture Haley all done up in the witch’s black dress saying “I’ll get you my pretty!” and had to turn away from everyone to compose herself so she didn’t laugh out loud.
“Um, okay…” Molly held her hands up. “How? I don’t get how everyone here makes big money, if we’re supposed to keep these abilities hidden from the rest of the world.”
Haley smiled, all BFF again and Rae made a mental note to stay out of her way. She might switch moods as fast as Molly, but for some reason, it was creepier with Haley.
Haley linked her arm through Molly’s. “Wait ‘til you get your ink. Then you an’ I’ll figure out what we can do. We’ll be rich and nab us some even richer hubbies.”
Rae wanted to gag. Real Housewives of Guilder? How lame could they be?
“Haley’s not that bad. Her father was real disappointed when Haley inherited the gift instead of her younger brother. Seems the gift gene is usually passed to males, and there has only been a shift in the past, like, forty years. Some people still would prefer that boys get the gift rather than girls.” Maria’s quiet voice in Rae’s head bore a hint of bitterness.
Rae shifted to dispel the shiver that crept down her spine. It felt incredibly strange to have someone else’s voice inside her head. Can she read my mind too? She turned to Maria and half-smiled. The worried crease on Maria’s face disappeared. That’s not a no…better find out the answer to that question.
Before Rae figured out how to test the issue, Madame Elpis strode in from outside, her heels clicking on the marble tiles. “Ladies, one should not keep gentlemen waiting, especially at meal times.” She turned and reached for a switch above the door. As she raised her arms, her blouse lifted revealing her ink. Rae strained to see over everyone’s shoulders. It was a little bird, a magpie. Molly flapped her arms and made a sour face. The girls giggled, barely managing to suppress the laughter before Madame Elpis straightened and shot them a stern glance.
Molly straightened and whispered to Rae, “Madame Crow definitely has eyes in the back of her head.” Rae thought to herself, You ain’t kiddin’.
The girls followed Madame Elpis along the path, past Joist House to a smaller building set in the shadows. A plaque on the wall by the door proclaimed it Refectory Dining Hall. White with wooden beams throughout, topped with a thatched roof, it reminded Rae of a post card her aunt once got of a Cape Cod house.
The sound from inside the dining area was like a stadium full of screaming fans. But as they entered, all the noise and activity came to a standstill.
A very large man with an overgrown comb-over stood up from his seat at the front table. “Ladies, I’m Headmaster Lanford.” He turned slightly and cleared his throat loudly. “Gentlemen, I’d like to introduce you to the new students at Guilder.” He walked around the table and introduced the girls by name.
The boys clapped with each introduction, but hands froze midair at the mention of Rae’s name. Boys leaned in toward each other; a murmur of whispers buzzed around the room.
Rae closed her eyes and wished the floor could swallow her up.
Headmaster Lanford seemed oblivious to the reaction. He simply told the girls to find empty seats. From the size of his belly, he seemed to be someone who didn’t like to miss a meal and maybe had seconds and thirds to boot. He probably pinches chips from other people’s plates too.
Devon’s voice rang across the silent room. “We’ve got seats for all of you.”
Rae was so relieved to see a familiar face, she nearly ran to him even with everyone staring. Would hiding under the table be any less noticeable? She settled beside Devon and stared at her empty plate.
“Hope you’re hungry,” the boy on her other side said. “I’m
Andy.” He reached for the water pitcher.
His sleeve slid up, showing Rae his ink. Dark ink detail in black, grays and browns displayed a wolf sitting on its haunches. Rae’s natural curiosity over-ruled her discomfort with her surroundings. She couldn’t stop herself from asking. “Do you have the characteristics of your tattoo? Like Devon does with his fox mark?” Rae dropped her gaze and scolded herself for sounding like Molly with the back-to-back questions. She worried she had probably just screwed up royally, and managed to make an already bad situation even worse. Surprised when Andy laughed, she looked up at him.
“No, I’m a shifter.” He pulled his sleeve up all the way and traced the image with his fingertips, allowing Rae a better view. “Don’t worry, I’m a good wolf. There’s no need to be concerned for Little Red Riding Hood or the Three Little Pigs. They’re all safe from me.” He winked at her.
“Good to know.” She laughed, liking his teasing banter. “Are there any other shapesters…I mean shiftsters…shape-shifters?” She cringed inwardly over her tongue-tied, stilted conversation. Could I act any thicker?
“One other.” Andy pointed to a guy with a beak-like nose sitting further down at their table. “Rob. He shifts into an eagle. Lucky bugger gets to fly!”
“You’re joking?” Rae glanced at Rob who sat across the table, disbelieving the long-armed boy could actually turn into an eagle. She thought back to the large bird on the bus ride and wondered if it could have been him.
“He’s the only one at the school right now who can fly. It’s pretty cool and unbelievable at the same time.”
Rae smiled. “Everything seems pretty cool and unbelievable.
Trust me.”
Devon leaned across Rae and grabbed the basket of buns. “Pretty much all of us here knew about gifting before we started, at the age of twelve. Plus our dads usually explained things prior to coming.” He chuckled. “Kinda like Dad’s “‘facts of life”‘ lecture.”
Not me, thought Rae. No dad to do that for me. And Uncle Argyle was certainly no help either. But she planned on getting answers as soon as she could. Now wasn’t the time to feel sorry for herself so she pushed the emotion to the back of her mind.
Rae carefully schooled her expression to hide her feelings and focused on gathering information. “You’ve been here four years?”
Devon appeared happy to fill her in. “Yeah, the school’s designed to give you three years to prepare for the gift and then another two to help educate you and train the gift. It helps you enter back into the ‘real’ world and do some good with what you’ve been given without revealing yourself.”
“Quoting the school manual again, Dev?” Andy nudged Rae to show he was teasing.
Rae smiled and played along, but held her hand up, as if to try and stop her thoughts. “Wait a minute.” she considered Devon’s words. “So…you mean, you get this ability and the school helps you hone your talents,” – she waited to see Andy and Devon nod their heads – “but then expects you to act like you’re normal and hide it?” It didn’t make sense.
Someone at their table coughed, and mumbled, “Like father, like daughter.”
Rae gave a slight jerk to her head, trying to see who’d said it. She’d heard it loud and clear, even if they were trying to muffle the words. She glanced around, but no one seemed able to meet her gaze, all of them suddenly too interested in their plates to lift their heads. She didn’t get the comparison, but knew it had to do with her. It sounded too similar to her uncle’s last words.
“It’s easier to hide it.” Andy patted her forearm.
“Why? Wouldn’t the government or the country want to know? They could stop bad guys, and surely, not everyone with this ink-stamp uses it for good.”
A few more snickers erupted around the table. Rae glared.
It ticked her off that people would think her dumb for not knowing any of this. They’d all been raised in this world, and she had only just been shoved into it today. They know so much about me, don’t they know that too? She turned to Devon, wondering why his face had turned beet red.
Andy cleared his throat. “What would you do if someone shape-shifted right in front of you? Or while you were on a plane, you saw the stewardess boil water with no kettle, just her hand?” He shook his head.
Devon piped in, “If we let our secrets out, could you imagine how scientists or military people would treat us?
Andy replied before Rae had a chance to open her mouth. “Crap. They’d hunt us down, shoot first and ask questions later. We’d all be a bunch of lab rats.” He grinned. “Or lab foxes and lab wolves.”
Devon tossed a bunch of pasta on his plate and elbowed Rae. “Don’t stress about it. These are really cool abilities to have at sixteen, but as we get older, they get strong --”
“…And can become very scary,” Andy added.
Rae shuddered. Maybe that’s the reason why Uncle Argyle didn’t say a word about the real Guilder College. He didn’t want to tell me that I’m a freak and I have to go to school with superkids.
“Guilder just wants to teach you to appreciate the gift and use it to your own, and the world’s, best advantage. Lots of famous people attended here. It’s the reason King Henry VIII started this college in the first place,” Andy said.
Rae sat back in surprise. This goes THAT far back? “He wasn’t gifted, was he?” Nothing could shock her now.
Devon and Andy laughed before Devon replied, “No, he just wanted to find someone gifted to help get him a male heir.”
Molly rolled her eyes from across the table. “He should’ve thought about not wearing those awful-looking tights, or maybe spoken to a doctor to learn it’s the male who determines the sex of babies.”
Rae glanced sideways at her, wondering if Molly realized yet that the science of genetics had not existed way back then. If they had, good ‘ol Henry wouldn’t have needed a divorce, and England might still be part of the Roman Catholic Church. She decided to ignore Molly’s outburst. “I’ve got another question.” “Hit me.” Devon slowly pulled his eyes away from Molly. The corners of his lips were twitching.
Obviously, he’s thinking it too, but won’t point it out. Handsome and nice…great combo. He just keeps getting better and better! He was looking expectantly now and Rae’s mind snapped back to her question. “You said your dad told you. What about your mom?”
“She doesn’t know.”
Rae had been about to hit him with her next question, but hadn’t expected that answer and got sidetracked by it. “Huh?” “Dad’s inked. He never told my mom. She just figures it’s a tattoo from his teenage days. He told me the truth when I got the letter to come here.”
Rae tried to absorb that, wondering which of her parents had a tattoo, or maybe if they hadn’t died, if one of them would have told her about all this and sent her to Guilder three years earlier. The possibilities made her head spin, and it was only the continuation of the conversation that brought her back to the present.
Andy leaned forward, his voice slightly lower. “Only one parent’s inked. Except in –”
“It’s almost always the male.” Devon shot Andy a look.
Rae didn’t miss Devon’s smooth attempt to cut Andy off and prevent him from saying something, and glanced back and forth at both of them. “What’s the matter?” Her voice rose slightly and conversations around their table stopped. She turned her entire body to face Devon. “Why so secretive? Seriously, what could be weirder than what I’ve already found out today?”
He made no response. Everyone around them sat there with a wide-eyed deer-in-the-headlights look that people got when they were caught by surprise.
That’s my look! I should be the one looking like that! Something doesn’t add up. Something isn’t being said and I have to know what it is. So she picked what she thought was a random response. “Does this have something to do with my dad?”
The entire hall became quiet. Everyone stopped eating. Rae felt hundreds of pairs of eyes focus on her. No one said a thing. Most expressions held dislike, others pity, which she couldn’t stand. Devon’s sympathetic face became too much to take. She stood, ready to go back to the dorm and pack her bags. This is bullshit. All of it.
“Getting a wee bit frustrated, Ms. Kerrigan?” Headmaster Lanford stood at the head of their table. He appeared calm, almost oblivious to the reaction of the other students. His eyes held understanding without pity. “Would you care to join me on a walkabout?”
Yeah, I have some questions for Mister Combover. “Fine, let’s go,” she snapped, and then hastily added, “Sir.”

Chapter 4
Unwanted Answers

Rae and Lanford walked in silence. Rae grew more and more nervous with each step. She wanted answers, but now that they were outside, away from the expressions of strangers who knew more about her than she did, walking next to the one person who might have all the answers, the idea of asking seemed daunting, even scary. As they passed a sign marked Turret Hall, the headmaster started a seemingly pointless monologue about the campus, pointing at buildings with his cane.
“Turret Hall is the music and arts building. The Scriptorium is the English building and also includes the library with the history of our ink and gifts. Some of the gifts and ink stamps are documented on ancient scrolls dating prior to the Tudor era. Each dormitory is also equipped with a reference library and copies of the special ink charts and markings.” His fingers drummed a rhythm on the silver head of his cane. “This path here will lead you to the Oratory. That’s where students study their gifts and improve their skills.”
Rae nodded but said nothing. At the moment, she didn’t give a damn where classes would be.
They turned down the path, and Rae stopped to stare at the Oratory. Built in red brick similar to the other structures, this building was none-the-less distinctive. Ivy stretched across the tall, almost chapel-like octagon shaped building. The way the ivy grew, it seemed to emanate from the walls. She’d never seen anything so magnificent. The view belonged in the painting of a master artist. It was such a tranquil scene compared to the anger simmering inside of her.
“I’ve been wondering,” the headmaster murmured. “Did your parents teach you about their tatùs?”
Rae froze, one foot dangling in the air. He said parents, plural. That wasn’t a mistake. Both her parents had gifts? Yet another thing about me I didn’t know, told to me by a stranger. This isn’t fair! Why was she the only one who didn’t know this stuff? With rage surging through her veins, it took an effort to speak without screaming. “My parents never had a chance to tell me anything.” She shrugged, trying and failing to set her foot down on the ground normally rather than stomping it. “I was only six when they died in the fire, so I don’t remember much.” Most of her memories felt like dreams now.
Lanford stared pensively at the head of his cane and gave a slight nod. “Of course, the fire. How about Argyle? Has he explained anything to you?”
“Uncle Argyle?” He’d better not be bloody marked as well. “No, he never told me about any of this.” Plus, he likes talking in ridiculous proverbs. “I think Guilder’s made a mistake with me.” Rae felt all the different emotions of the day rolling inside her. The fear and confusion, the suspicion and frustration, the wonder and disbelief…it all started to overwhelm her. And to top it off, she hadn’t heard any of it from someone she actually knew. Anger began to override all the other emotions.
Lanford smiled and patted his combover down. “No, Ms. Kerrigan. You are, most definitely, the right person. Your mother only had one child, and that was you.” He tapped his finger to his lips. “I’m not shocked your parents didn’t have the chance to explain, but I’m quite surprised Argyle never took the time to enlighten you.”
“Yeah, join the club.” This seemed more important than a talk about the birds and the bees, which was, of course, another topic never broached.
The headmaster released a long, heavy breath. He pointed to a nearby bench with his cane. “Shall we sit? I think it’s high time you learned a bit of your own history.” Rae sat down heavily, realizing her posture, and most likely the expression on her face, made her look like a petulant child, but at the moment, she couldn’t help herself. Despite everything, she noted that for his large frame, the headmaster settled easily, almost lightly, onto the bench. “It’s time to shake that family tree up a bit, eh?”
Shake the family tree? That sounded like something her uncle would say. Rae gingerly balanced herself, paranoid the bench might topple over from his weight. It seemed likely. Having something other than her emotions to concentrate on allowed her to calm down. She needed answers. And apparently, Headmaster Lanford had them.
“Did you know your father and Argyle attended Guilder together twenty-three years ago?”
Rae shook her head so slightly she wasn’t sure the headmaster even noticed. She planned on having quite the conversation with her dear uncle next time she saw him.
“Though your dad was a year older, they were best mates. From different ends of the country, your father from Manchester and Argyle from Edinburgh. Both started Guilder at the same time.” Lanford sighed. “School was very easy for your uncle, so we put him in a higher level. The two boys immediately became good friends. Both were extremely intelligent and promising young lads. The school couldn’t have been more excited.”
“So they were buddies.” Big deal.
“We were concerned about your father. He quickly grasped the concepts, but also argued with our ideals.” Lanford shifted and ironically, Rae didn’t feel the bench move. “He vehemently disagreed with the idea that we should be unvoiced about our gifts. However, most of us – I was a young professor at the time – felt he’d outgrow his rebellious stage when he received his ink.” The headmaster stared straight ahead, as if watching an old video replay.
“What happened?” Rae spoke in a quiet voice. The curiosity began to turn into dread as it settled in the pit of her stomach. Not sure I want to hear what happens, but scared or not, I need to know.
“Argyle influenced your father in a positive way. So it came as quite a shock when, a few months after Argyle’s fourteenth birthday, he informed us he’d be leaving.” Lanford smiled and patted Rae’s arm. “I remember him as a young boy, always a mess – clothes, hair, room…everything except his thought process. That always remained in perfect order. Brilliant lad. I’m sure he still is.” Lanford cleared his throat. “Apparently, Argyle had an older sister who’d just turned sixteen and been gifted. His father wanted him back home to show her everything he’d learned.” The headmaster smacked his cane across his knees. “Damn it! Such a good lad, and it was a shame to have to let him go.”
“My mom? But how? If Guilder gives you the tattoo, how’d she get it?”
Lanford looked as surprised as Rae felt. “Guilder doesn’t give you the tatù. It’s inside of you and blossoms on your sixteenth birthday.”
Her eyebrows shot up and she tilted her head. “Oh.” She didn’t know what else to say. So they just appear like magic? How does that work? But Lanford was already talking so she kept quiet.
“Ink stamps tend to be patrilineal; passed down to the men of the family. Most gifted also will only have one child. It may sound silly to you at the moment, but with this power comes responsibility. It’s simply easier this way. Some will try for a second child if their first offspring is a girl. Do you understand what I’m telling you?”
“I th-think so.” Rae nodded. “Males are usually marked, but instead of Uncle Argyle, my mother got it.” You put the girl child out in the wilderness to be eaten by wolves. Rae bit her tongue to keep from saying her thoughts out loud.
“Correct. Your grandfather had been such an asset to this country during the Second World War, we high hopes for Argyle. At the time, Guilder didn’t allow girls into the school, so we were never able to work with your mother.”
Rae couldn’t believe her mom had a superpower…or her dad. Oh yeah, Dad… “What about my dad?”
“Your father, Simon, turned sixteen and received his ink – a unique one. Unfortunately, he continued to fight against the teachings of the school. It seemed that without Argyle here, he became more self-absorbed.” The headmaster paused. “The summer Simon’s father passed away, he went to stay with Argyle. He planned on returning to Guilder for his final year, but he met your mother, Bethney. I guess they fell in love. The school, your grandfather and your uncle all opposed their dating.”
“Why?”
“It’s…well…it is believed to be dangerous.” Lanford fidgeted with his cane. “That’s one of the reasons Guilder remained an all boys’ school. It was thought best not to create challenges in our young adolescent boys’ lives when they’re challenged enough with what they have inside of them and gaining control over it.”
What? How does that make sense? Rae itched to interrogate Lanford, but cautioned herself against it. Skip it, don’t ruin the talkative mood, Rae.
“Until now.” What about her mother? Couldn’t she have benefited from the knowledge Guilder had to offer? Maybe she could’ve learned something and saved herself and Dad from the fire. They might still be here today if Guilder hadn’t been so chauvinistic.
“Yes, until now.” The headmaster smiled.
It set her off. Rae couldn’t hold back; her temper flared, hands clenched, she pounded her knees. “What about us? You say you worry about the boys, but what about the females who could use help with their gifting?”
“My dear child, that’s one of the reasons we’ve opened the school to young ladies such as yourself. We have high hopes it’ll go well.”
Still frustrated, Rae rubbed her hands down her thighs, squeezing with her fingers just above her knee, trying to relieve tension with a little self-massage. It didn’t really help. “Devon said the reason Guilder opened its doors to females is because of me. Not some quantum shift in your chauvinistic thinking, but me specifically.”
“Devon is a good lad, and it’ll do you well to pay close attention to him. He’ll help lead you in the right direction.” Lanford’s head bobbed up and down. “That boy has his head on straight and will do very well in life. His power is small compared to some, but his talent is immense. He’s an example to us all – a natural leader the students follow.” Lanford’s chest puffed with pride.
Rae’s eyebrows came together. She opened her mouth to ask her question again.
Lanford cleared his throat, cutting her off. “Now, be patient.” He waited until she closed her mouth. “In truth, you are a big reason for the female enrollment. Your father and mother both possessed powerful gifts. If you inherited either or both of them, it would be unjust to have you learn on your own. What I don’t understand is what your uncle Argyle was thinking by not mentioning anything to you.” His cane pounded the ground, punctuating his words. “He’s a smart man, I can’t for the life of me figure out why he did not say anything to you. This is going to be a very challenging year for you, and I’m glad we’ve a few months before your birthday to help you prepare.” He patted her knee and smiled.
She wasn’t about to let it go that easily. The child deep inside who had been orphaned at a young age and had never quite healed from the experience, wanted answers. “If my parents’ gifts were so strong and powerful, why’d they die? They should’ve been able to save themselves from the fire.” Rae’s eyes filled, but she refused to let any tears fall.
“My dear, there’s so much you don’t know yet. I promise you’ll learn everything we can teach you, but not all of it tonight.” He pressed his lips into a thin line. “I have matters I need to attend to, and I think you have enough information to absorb for today.”
He rose quickly – faster than Rae thought his large frame should be able. She grabbed the arm of the bench, frightened it would topple backward, but was surprised when it didn’t even rock. She checked to see if she could spot his ink, which was useless since his shirt and suit jacket covered his arms.
The headmaster walked a few paces and turned back around. “This is a school for learning and no question is the wrong one to ask. I’ve asked Devon to tutor and help mentor you for the upcoming year.” He held up a hand to stop the question he knew she was going to ask. “It isn’t because we feel you’ll have trouble with your classes. I think, without your background knowledge of the powers, it’ll make it easier for you to ask questions in a tête-à-tête setting.
Yeah, or if it has anything to do with my family, since I’m already a freak at this school. Rae ran her fingers through her hair in frustration as she tried to calm down. The headmaster did seem like he was trying his best to help her. The thought of hanging out with Devon a few evenings a week didn’t sound too bad either. She took a deep breath and tried to let go of some of her tension.
Lanford straightened. “We want to help you understand how you can use your gift to its best advantage. How we can help make this world a better place for everyone. That is Guilder’s quiet oath and the dream for all of its students.”
Rae figured he spoke those words a lot. They sounded well-rehearsed. As she headed back to Aumbry House, she wondered what the big deal was about having both parents inked. Her chest tightened as she began to worry what the rest of her family’s story was.



Chapter 5
Friends?

The next day, the students sat in the dining hall eating breakfast. The tense atmosphere of the previous day seemed like a bad dream. Everyone appeared relaxed and informal, even jovial.
“Julian has a car?” Molly straightened in her chair, eyes bright.
Andy swigged the rest of his breakfast tea, then laughed. “Yeah, a few of us seniors do, actually. I’ve a feeling the school won’t be allowing many of the girls to keep a car on campus – at least probably not in the near future.” He tried, unsuccessfully, to wipe the smirk off his face.
“That’s fine.” Molly raised her eyebrows, a tight smile playing on her lips. “If boys have cars, why would I need one?”
“I think Andy’s just teasing you, Molls.” Rae laughed. It felt great to talk about normal things and forget about all the crap she was dealing with. Waking up, she had decided to leave all the confusing stuff under her pillow and not let anyone see it. She needed to fit in. Having people know so much about her when she didn’t know them made her feel vulnerable, but there was no way she’d let anyone see it. In a weird way, it felt like her vulnerability was the last private thing she had.
“How’s our American gal feeling today?” Andy looked at Rae. “You were…uh…you seemed kinda upset at dinner last night.”
Rae swallowed an oversized bite of scrambled eggs, choking on it. “Yeah, about that…sorry.” She paused, blinking. “I was really jet lagged, and I guess…everyone staring at me…” She let the sentence trail off, hoping someone would take up the conversation from there and not camp out on the one topic she didn’t want to discuss.
“Don’t worry.” Andy nodded sympathetically. “The curiosity’ll die down soon enough. You’re a pretty girl, and there’s a story behind your name. That’s bound to turn some heads. On top of that, don’t forget this has been an all-male school for a long time. It’s an awesome thing to have girls here now.”
Rae’s cheeks pinked at the compliment. Thank you Andy!
My knight in shining…fur…or something.
“Are you up to anything this afternoon?” Andy asked.
Rae blinked, trying to forget her train of thought before she erupted into a fit of laughter. “Madam Cro— Elpis wants us to meet the new girls arriving. Wanna come?” Rae ignored Molly’s giggles at her almost mix-up.
“Sure, but I’m pretty sure the interesting ones have already arrived.” He quickly stood and turned, taking his tray to the collection area.
Molly leaned over to her and whispered, “I think somebody digs you.”
Rae shrugged. “I think he was referring to you. You’d better watch out. He’s hungry like a wolf!”
Molly stuck her tongue out, but put her poker face on when Andy came back.
After eating, they headed to Aumbry House. They sat out front on the large concrete steps. Haley and Maria joined them, enjoying the bright sunshine. Andy came and sat between Molly and Rae, his leg touching Rae’s. Rae shifted, moving just out of knee-knocking distance. She didn’t seem to move far enough. Within minutes, Andy’s warm leg brushed up against hers again. As she tried to figure a way to get away from Andy and his warm leg without making a scene, Riley and a younger, slightly-built boy came walking by.
“Hello, mates.” Riley’s eyes roamed over Haley’s curvy figure. A small smile lifted his lips. “You’re a senior, right? What’s your gift, again?”
Molly spoke before Haley had a chance. “She can pass wind.”
“I don’t pass wind,” Haley snapped, scowling at Molly. “I create it.”
Rae rolled her eyes heavenward, embarrassed by both girls. “Cool.” He pointed at the sandy blond guy beside him. “This wee fellow’s Nicholas. He’s like an instructional guidebook. You name it, Nic can put it together without the manual.”
“Handy. What does your ink look like?” Haley asked.
“Like an open book.” Nicholas held his arm out. “The ink is kind of boring, actually, but the talent’s totally useful.” He sat down on the steps beside her.
“Especially when you’re trying to get out of a tough situation,” Riley bragged. “Nic can build a device out of a paper clip and a stick of chewing gum!”
“You sound like MacGyver,” Rae said.
“Pardon?” Nicholas’ eyes grew big and he began fidgeting.
In fact, everyone stared strangely at her.
“You know, MacGyver?” Rae wondered what was up with the weird looks.
She got nothing but silence, followed by nudges and shrugs from the guys.
Rae sighed, wishing she’d just stayed in her dorm room. “It was an old television show in America. About a guy who can get out of tough situations by using whatever’s lying around. Kind of like a private eye – mystery series.” She shrugged. “Maybe you never had it here in England.”
“We’ve never heard of the show, but it sounds just like our Nicholas.” Andy slapped Nic on the back. “The best part is Nic’s last name is MacGyver.”
“You’re kidding me!” Rae glanced from Riley to Nicolas in disbelief. Great. Now Molly was going to tell everyone she was psychic. That’s all she needed.
“No joke.” A relieved-looking Nicholas let out a tentative laugh and started playing with his keychain. Rae noticed a Swiss army knife on it and held back a giggle.
“Maybe the show was invented by some distant relative who’s getting a big kick out of the story line and the reality versus irony of the show!” Andy said.
Nic’s face brightened, making him appear even younger than sixteen. “I’m checking it online tonight. I’ll have to get the DVD for my dad for Christmas.”
While they chatted about the upcoming school year, Riley made mention of a school dance in October and that Guilder always invited the nearby female college, Roe Hampton.
“Maybe they won’t invite the girls this year since we’re here,” Molly said.
She sounded so hopeful, Rae felt a little twinge of compassion for her roomy.
“There are two dances held each year. One in the fall and the other in the spring. It’s been tradition here for as long as the schools have been in existence. The dances are held like balls or masquerades – like they used to have in Tudor times with King Henry VIII. I doubt they’ll stop it because sixteen girls are at Guilder now.” His arm swept the school grounds. “We spend ten months of the year stuck here with all of us freaks, so it’s nice to hang out for a bit with the rest of the world and act normal. You’ll see for yourself. The fall dance is here at Guilder and the spring dance is at Roe Hampton.”
Molly pouted and crossed her arms. “I prefer being around us freaks rather than those freakin’ girls.”
Andy laughed and grabbed Molly’s hand to pull her up from her position lounging on the steps. “Come on. Wait until you’ve been here for a year. Then you’ll be begging for some normal human interaction. We’re not allowed to use our ink at the dances, but someone always plays the joker and stirs up some trouble.” Andy winked at Molly. “It’ll be right up your alley.”
Molly’s face turned red and Rae swore she could almost see steam coming out of her ears. Molly put her hands on her hips and squared off with Andy who had the good sense to look both sheepish and apologetic at the same time, for all the good it did him.
“And just what exactly do you mean by that?” Molly tilted her chin up, daring him to answer her. Andy sputtered, trying to come up with a good apology to get himself out of the tight spot he’d put himself into, all the while, Molly stood stabbing her finger into his chest and giving him what for in a tirade so non-stop Rae was seriously waiting for Molly to pass out from lack of oxygen. Everyone watched with rapt amusement and was only distracted by a new arrival.
Julian came toward them from Joist Hall. He walked with an air of confidence, with long, purposeful strides, his lanky artistic fingers constantly moving. Rae thought he tapped a rhythm, or, maybe, drew something in the air. But, she couldn’t be sure because it seemed to be a sub-conscious kind of reaction, something he didn’t really notice he was doing.
“Where’s Devon?” Andy asked when he came within earshot.
Rae said a silent thank you to Andy. She’d been thinking the same thing, but was too embarrassed to ask.
“Having lunch in town with Beth.”
Rae choked on the water she was drinking.
“Are you all right?” Andy patted her back.
“Yeah. The water just went down the wrong pipe.” She pretended to take another small sip. She heard Haley mumble something sounding like “faker”.
“Bummer, Devon’s got a girlfriend?” Molly shrugged and turned to Julian. “What kind of car do you drive?”
“A Jaguar.” He said it as a matter of fact, and didn’t appear to be bragging.
“Is it fast?”
Andy laughed. “Have you ever heard of a slow Jag?” Molly punched his arm hard enough to make him wince.
Riley snickered. “Julian comes from very old money, with a lot of new money on top of it.”
“Shut up.” Andy scowled at Riley. “Ignore him. He’s just jealous. Julian’s actually a very kind, gentle guy, not at all a snobbish rich kid.” He looked at Haley when she snorted. “Don’t start thinking I’m gay. I’m not. I definitely prefer girls.” He glanced at Rae. “Julian’s got an extremely big heart, which I’m sure some nasty gold-digging chick’s going to take advantage of one day.” Andy said the last bit while pointedly looking at Haley, who managed to look both innocent and evil at the same time.
I REALLY don’t like her, Rae thought to herself. Since Andy didn’t appear to like her either, Rae decided that put him on the positive side of her mental score card. She was trying to decide who might be trustworthy and who she should look out for. Haley was definitely on the negative side of the list. Andy just might be on the positive side.
“Awww…shucks,” Riley taunted. “You watching out for your mates? You sound more like a dad than a friend.” The jury was still out about Riley, but Rae was thinking so far he seemed to be leaning more toward the negative side.
“I’d quit now,” Julian warned, his face turning from gentle to very hard – almost scary – making Rae wonder what was behind it. What does he know that would make him give a look like that? “I heard Andy’s the leader of his wolf pack.”
“Whatever.” Andy replied petulantly. Riley’s eyes slid sideways to Andy, but he kept his mouth shut. Rae filed the entire encounter away for later analysis. She knew there was something lying underneath the emotions and the words, and it might be important, but she had no idea what it was or how to go about finding out. However, if nothing else, it was information, and Uncle Argyle always said “information is power.”
“Can you take us for a ride, Julian?” Molly asked.
Leave it to Molly to change the subject, Rae thought with a smile.
The rest of the afternoon flew by, even with her constant inner voice asking questions and making observations. Rae participated when asked a question, but spent most of the time listening to everyone else. By dinner, her ears couldn’t handle anymore jokes, or warnings about which teacher to avoid, what which class you could slack off in, who smelled funny, and whose hands not to shake. She ate as fast as she could, without appearing rushed. All day, she’d felt like she’d been playing some twisted live action game, in which she didn’t actually know who her opponent or opponents were, or what the goal was, or how to play, kind of like playing chess with a blindfold on. She’d been hyper-aware of every twitch, cough, laugh, sidelong glance and comment made by anyone within ear shot and now she just wanted to go to bed.
Rae left dinner early, hoping no one followed her. She needed to clear her head and relax. Outside, as she walked the same path she had with Lanford the night before, the fresh air caressed her cheeks, cooling her. She inhaled the scent of fresh-cut grass and evergreen trees. In front of the Oratory, she settled on the cast iron bench. Resting her elbows on her knees, she dropped her head into her hands.
Could things get any crazier? She had so many questions. What was so important about her parents, and could their gifts have had something to do with the fire? Shoot, what were they marked with? Why hadn’t her uncle told her anything before, not even when she received the scholarship from Guilder? And how could she get answers to all these questions?
Rae rubbed her temples. Thinking seemed to cause more confusion in her already chaotic brain.
“Everything all right?” Devon’s concerned voice broke through the night.
Rae popped her head up and looked in the direction of the sound. She hadn’t heard him approach and blinked in surprise to see him standing at the end of the bench.
“I’m fine… I guess.” She didn’t have the energy to lie and she needed to confide in someone. Could she trust him? Did she have a choice? More questions, ugh! She shook her head and decided to just go with it. “I’m just a little confused and very overwhelmed.” Her brow furrowed as she rubbed her temples. “Or maybe very confused and a little overwhelmed.”
He sat down beside her, but said nothing.
Rae sighed and dropped back against the bench. “My head’s pretty messed up at the moment. And, crazy as this may sound, I’m glad my birthday isn’t until November.”
“November fifteenth is going to be a huge day for you. I think, actually, it will be for the entire college and our society.”
Great, more cryptic and more pressure. On top of that, Rae didn’t feel like explaining her birth certificate was wrong. Her mother had gone into labor early and had Rae at home. Two days later she’d gone to the hospital to register the birth. The hurried doctor had written the wrong date on the birth certificate. It had never been a big deal, even when she started school, and all the teachers constantly celebrated her birthday on the fifteenth. Rae never felt the need to correct it. Now, she felt that keeping it a secret might be a really good idea.
Devon stared at her, almost expectantly.
For what, she had no clue, so she tried another topic. “The headmaster said you’ll be tutoring me two evenings a week.” Rae wasn’t sure how to turn the statement into a question and now wondered if Devon even wanted to tutor her. How embarrassing it would be if he didn’t! She hoped it wasn’t a chore for him.
“Yeah. He asked if I could help you with some of the beginning gift and skill classes. Offer an ear or mouth when needed.” He smiled, showing off the cute dimple in his right cheek. She couldn’t help but notice again.
The idea of borrowing his lips or ears made her face grow hot. She stared at her hands, tracing the palm of one with a finger on the other. “Thanks. I appreciate that. I, um, I feel a bit lost at the moment.”
“What’s bothering you?” Devon tilted his head toward her.
“How long do you have? We’d be here for hours if I tried to answer that question.” Rae tried to joke, but it came out sounding sarcastic. She cleared her throat and switched to a more serious tone. “I want to know what everyone knows about me. I’m obviously missing something here. What’s so important about my past that makes everyone so quiet and makes me feel like a freak show?”
Devon ran his fingers through his short, dark hair. “I’m not sure I can answer you correctly. I only know what I’ve heard. Maybe Lanford’s a better person to talk to.”
I can’t take this crap anymore. I need to know now. Rae looked directly at him. “Can you tell me what you’ve heard? I spoke with Lanford last night, but I want someone my age explaining it in normal words.”
Devon took a deep breath and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. He paused a few moments. “Everyone knows who you are because of your past. You’re the girl who survived the fire. To your hometown and the rest of the un-inked world, you were the little miracle girl who somehow walked out of the flames unharmed.” He swallowed. “Nobody knows exactly what happened that day. If you don’t remember…” He gave her a questioning look. Rae shook her head, not ready to share something so personal. “You do know both your parents were gifted, right?”
“Lanford said that last night. He also said people with the gift don’t usually marry other gifted people. What’s the big deal?”
“It’s like some unwritten code or rule. I’m not one hundred percent sure why. No one really talks about it.” He shrugged. “It just isn’t done. I do remember your parents being the example often brought up if someone asked. I’ve also heard if two people with ink have children, it could possibly screw the gift up or change it. I’m not talking about making a unique ink. I’m talking about something darker…dangerous.”
Rae straightened. “So the school’s worried I might become some kind of monster because of my parents?”
“That’s not what I meant.” Devon put his hands up in a defensive, placating gesture. “Like I said, I don’t know much about this. I just meant it can change the form of the gift. I don’t know of any scientific studies or anything done on children from two inked parents. There aren’t a lot of…you…them.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “Our society keeps our ink hidden from the rest of the world, even the ones we love.”
Impossible. How could you keep this from someone you really care about? “So what gifts did my parents have that might go haywire on me?” Rae couldn’t believe something bad was going to happen to her. She’d lost her parents; what could be worse than that?
“You honestly don’t remember anything about them?”
Rae sighed. “I remember stuff. Most of it’s bits and pieces, like a dream from a long time ago. Or I see a photo my Uncle Argyle has and then I can remember the day the picture was taken.” She shuddered, still able to vividly recall the stink of burning. “The fire happened about ten years ago, and I was only six.”
“What do you remember about your mom?”
“My mom?” Rae smiled. A warm sense of longing filled her chest. She was glad Devon asked about her. Rae didn’t spend enough time thinking about her mom nowadays. “I remember her as the sweetest person in the entire world. She doted on me, always protective and loving.” Rae closed her eyes, trying to snatch a feeling or memory from her brain. “Whenever we were together, I felt warm, like it was always bright with her around.” I can feel that heat inside of me, just thinking about her. She blinked and watched Devon.
He smiled. “Your mother’s ink was the sun, so that might explain it.”
“The sun?” Rae pictured a sun with squiggly lines coming out of it. “Probably a really cool tattoo.” She wished she’d known and paid more attention as a kid.
Devon laughed, deep and husky, sending a shiver through her body. “A tattoo’s just ink. What we have is tatù.”
“Why do you say it so funny?” Rae’d heard the weird enunciation several times now.
“Tattoo is just what it means...a regular, boring mark someone paid to get. Taa – toe. You just say the first part long, the second part rhymes with shoe. It’s the original Gaelic term.”
Rae laughed. “Do you always pucker your mouth and scrunch your face when you try to pronounce words? You look like you just ate a lemon.”
“I do?” His face pinched again. “Crap, I do.”
They smiled at each other. She enjoyed the banter, but turned serious again when the moment passed. “I wonder what mine’ll be.”
“The ink’s just a picture. It’s what you do with it that makes you stronger and develop as an individual. The type of person you are…what you’re good at, will be blended with the gift, as well. It usually doesn’t come all at once, either. It grows with you as you mature.”
“What could my mom do?” Rae asked.
“I’m not sure what her powers were. I just know her ink-art.”
“Then why does everyone know about my past if people know my mom’s ink but not what she could do?”
“They know about your mom ‘cause of your…your dad.” Devon suddenly seemed very interested in the night sky, the Oratory building, anywhere but looking at her. “It’s because of him,” he whispered.
“What about my dad?” She leaned forward so he had to face her. Her heart hammered, echoing inside her chest when she saw the fear in his eyes.


Chapter 6
Lessons of the Past

Devon rubbed the stubble on his chin. “What do you remember about Simon Kerr – sorry, I mean, your dad?”
Rae stared at Devon. She couldn’t figure how he’d hidden the scared look on his face so fast. One moment it was there, and the next…it was like he’d closed the shutters over his emotions. “He wasn’t around much, to be honest. He always seemed to be gone for work, or whatever he did.” Rae tried to think, cocking her head to one side as she sifted through her dreams and memories. She straightened when she realized they were the same – her dreams were actually her memories. It’d all been real.
Shifting slightly, Devon remained silent beside her.
“It’s funny now,” Rae murmured. “I’ve never noticed before, but it’s like every memory I have of him seems to be about magic tricks or some sorta dream. One time, I remember being very little, maybe three or four at the time. It’s one of my first memories, but I remember he made my toys float around the room. He could make my puppets dance without touching them. Another time, he made the rain go away when I wanted to play outside.” She remembered sitting by the large bay window at the back of the house, one moment singing the old nursery song and the next, the sun burst through the clouds.
Rae coughed as another memory rushed forward. One she’d tried to suppress a long time ago. “When I was about five…he got mad at me one night. I’d been crying about monsters under my bed. He came into my room really pissed off, and told me the monsters that lived in our house didn’t hide under beds or in closets. They were out in the open and fearless. I, of course, started screaming because what five year old isn’t terrified of monsters? And now he’d just told me they weren’t scared of anything and didn’t have to hide. Basically, they were going to get me.” What kind of person would do that to a child?
She exhaled, trying to calm the anxiety rising inside her that came with the memory. She tucked a long, Shirley Temple curl behind her ear and flipped her hand. “Anyway, my mom came running into the room. She was so ticked, and they started fighting, which only scared me more. In the end, she picked me up and carried me to her bed. I stayed there all night, and when I woke up in the morning, my dad had already left. Not like he was around much, anyway.”
Devon reached out toward her, but Rae shifted so he couldn’t touch her shoulder. She wasn’t looking for pity. Staring straight ahead, she contemplated that night so long ago. It had always seemed more like a bad dream than a memory. She’d been terrified to sleep with the closet doors open and begged her mom to put stuff under her bed. She also slept with a night-light for years after she’d arrived in America. It seemed so long ago, nothing but little kid stuff. She brought her gaze back to Devon.
He sat, picking at his clean fingernails. “I think your dad was right. There were monsters in your house… he was one of them.”
Surprised, Rae’s mouth dropped open. She didn’t know what to say.
“He had one of the most powerful tatùs.” He brought his head up and looked directly at her. “From what I’ve been told, he got greedy and began to use it for himself.”
“Is that such a bad thing? It was his tatt—tatù. His ink.”
“It goes against the code of our society. The more power he got, the more he wanted. He was insatiable. He didn’t agree with the teachings at the school or helping humankind. He did as he pleased, at any cost. Your dad must’ve had some demons or monsters that took him to the dark side. He liked what they enabled him to do, and what he was able to gain. Others liked it as well and joined him; his ideas and philosophy were very convincing.” Devon stopped talking and bit his lip. He seemed as if he wished he could take back some of the words he’d said.
The sins of the father are the sins of the son, or the daughter. Uncle Argyle’s words hissed inside Rae’s head. She kicked a small rock on the ground and it ricocheted off the brick wall of the Oratory.
Devon jumped, startled from the noise.
“What was my father’s ink?” Rae whispered.
Devon kept silent for a moment. He let out a sigh and shifted in his seat to face her. He bounced his foot, his leg shaking the entire bench with its rhythm. “His looked like a Warlock or Sorcerer…something like that.”
Rae hated the silence that followed. The quiet screamed the truth she didn’t want to hear. Her eyes rounded in horror as she thought about the fire. She grabbed Devon’s forearm.
“My father started the fire, didn’t he? He wanted me and my mother out of the picture! He…” Rae tried to swallow the lump in her throat, unable to continue. Silent tears coursed down her cheeks, and her heart hammered out a funky, erratic rhythm. She covered her face with her hands. No wonder her uncle hated her dad. No wonder everyone stared at her like she was some sort of demon or monster.
“Rae, listen to me.” Devon put his fingers on Rae’s chin, turning her face so that she had to look at him. He wiped her tears away as he talked. “No one knows exactly what happened. A lot of people can speculate, but we don’t actually know. You were there, and if you can’t remember, no one can.”
She shook her head. She was already deep in the memory of that horrible night when her parents had died. There was a fire. Her mother had told her in a calm voice to go to the tree house, but added that she needed to get out as fast as she could. Rae’d dashed out and climbed up the ladder as fast as her little legs could take her. Then she’d waited and waited. She’d gotten bored and started coloring with her new multi pack of markers. The burst of heat and flames from the house had hit like an explosion. Terrified, she’d stayed put until the fire no longer looked like it was reaching out to grab her. A nice fireman noticed her climbing down the ladder and brought her to an ambulance out front. People in uniforms, and suits, and gawkers swarmed her yard and she felt lost in a sea of strangers. Then her uncle arrived and took her away with him. He’d lived in Scotland at the time. They immigrated to the U.S. shortly after.
Devon quietly cleared his throat. “Don’t get caught up in the past. You have your entire life in front of you. When you get inked, you’ll be here, at Guilder, surrounded by people who care about you.” He reached out and wiped away a tear trickling down her cheek.
“I’m sorry.” She pushed his hands away as she stood up, angry at herself for crying in front of him, a stranger. “A lot of stuff I never realized suddenly makes sense now. My dad wasn’t such a great guy.” It was no wonder her uncle had taken her to America – away from this society of gifted people, away so the memories became dreams instead of reality, away to pretend that none of it was real. But then why did he send me back here? Is he afraid of me? Afraid of what I might become?
Devon stood up. He reached out as if to hold her, but then stuffed his hands into his pockets. He waited a few moments as Rae composed herself before he started talking again. “Hey, everything’s going to be fine. I’m sorry I said too much tonight. I should’ve just let Headmaster Lanford tell you everything. I feel like an idiot opening my stupid mouth.”
Rae turned, and walked to where Devon stood. She gave him a quick hug and instantly let go, slightly embarrassed. “Don’t apologize. It’s okay. It just shows me how much of a friend you’re going to be. You hardly know me. Yet you know all about my past and never, for one moment, judged me the way the other students have.”
Devon stared down at the ground for a moment, like he didn’t want to see the look on her face. “There’s more stuff you’re gonna hear, and you might not like it. The truth doesn’t always feel good, but it’s the truth, and it’s better than being misled. You’ll handle it.”
Rae thought about her uncle. He’d totally lied to her by not saying anything. Realizing she’d been lost in her own thoughts, she almost missed the rest of what Devon was saying.
“… Enjoy the next few months of learning, and when the day does come, you’ll be ready. It’s the best day in the entire world.”
“My birthday?” She zoned into the conversation with Dumbo ears. Rae started pacing in front of the bench. “What’s it like? Do you just wake up with some miraculous change and then start being all gifted and stuff?”
Devon laughed. “It doesn’t quite work like that. Look, I’ve talked enough tonight. We can discuss more during one of our tutoring sessions, and you’ll learn more in your classes. It’s getting close to ten and the dorms get locked then. I don’t think Madame Elpis would appreciate it if Rae Kerrigan’s late.”
Rae looked up to the night sky and heaved a sigh. “Great! I need to act like an angel or everyone’s going to believe I’m some sort of demon.” Devil’s spawn from her father was what she wanted to say. “I’m going to have to be on my best behavior for the next three months.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure you still have fun. If I haven’t mentioned it, I have some great connections to some very gifted people. Come on, I’ll walk you back to your dorm. Why don’t we plan on starting your tutoring next week? We can meet in the library at Aumbry House. Then you won’t have to worry about getting in trouble with curfew.”
“Sounds like a good idea to me. It’s Molly’s birthday tomorrow. I feel a little guilty. I didn’t go out and buy her a gift, even something little. She is my roommate after all.”
“She’s already getting the best present anyone at sixteen could ever wish for.” Devon laughed. “I can pull some strings in the kitchen for you. I’m sure I can get Sally, our chef, to make a cake at breakfast tomorrow. Molly might get a kick out of that.”
“Awesome. I’ll owe you big time.” Despite the darkness, Rae still looked away so Devon couldn’t see her blush. She was seriously developing a huge crush on him.
“Let’s see what your tatù is. I might take you up on that.”
He elbowed her. “Just kidding.”
Rae’s watch beeped, reminding her of the time. Curfew. They both stood and walked back to Aumbry House. Rae started up the steps to the front door. She turned to wave good-bye, but he’d already gone.
She ran up the last few steps to the front door just as Madame Elpis came walking out of her suite, big brass key in hand. Her brows came together as she stared down the length of her nose at Rae. Rae dropped her head, staring at the floor as she passed her, and ran toward the marble steps as fast as she could.
Halfway up to the first floor, she caught sight of the pay phone below her on the main floor. She turned and glanced around for Madame Elpis. The headmistress must’ve gone into her room already. Rae dashed over to the pay phone and dialed the overseas numbers for a collect call to her uncle. He had some explaining to do. She’d rather talk to him down here with no one around than argue with him in the room where Molly’s ears would absorb every little word, and probably repeat it to anyone who would listen.
After ten rings, she hung up. She’d forgotten about the time change. Her aunt and uncle were probably out for dinner. She’d have to try again in the morning.
Rae trotted into her room, deep in thought. She glanced up to see Molly standing in front of the full-length mirror, trying to see her behind her. The girl had another mirror in her hand, trying to angle it so she could see if there was anything on her lower back.
When she noticed Rae, Molly grinned sheepishly. “I’m curious if there’re any pre-ink, or if I’ll just wake up tomorrow with it. Nobody will tell me what’s going to happen.”
“I wish I could help you. I have no idea.” Rae walked over and squinted as she checked Molly’s skin. It was completely smooth and spotless. “Sorry. I don’t see a thing.”
“Nothing? Crap! Well, be prepared for screeching and wailing tomorrow morning.” Molly stomped her foot. “Shoot! I wish it was morning now. I’m never going to be able to sleep tonight.”
Rae could see this was going to be a long night if her roommate continued to be all Molly-ish about it. As interested as she was about the process, she’d had a really long and draining day and wanted to get some sleep. She had to think fast. “Maybe the ink process acts like the tooth fairy. It won’t come unless you’re asleep. If you stay awake, then maybe it’ll wait until you’re not paying attention to mark you.”
“What? Heck, then what’re we waiting for? Hurry. Let’s get to bed. We need to have the lights out, curtains shut and both of us asleep so I can hurry up and get inked. This is going to take forever if I’m awake all night.” Rae gave herself a mental high-five. Mission accomplished.
“Sounds good to me. I’m exhausted again.” Rae headed to the bathroom. When she returned, she saw that Molly had already closed the curtains. She lay curled up in her bed, covers pulled up tight. She popped her head up just as Rae reached for the light switch.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you. Dean Carter stopped by. He wants you to meet him in his office after breakfast tomorrow.”
Rae’s brain registered the name, realizing that this was also someone she wanted to talk to, but she felt too tired to get excited. “Thanks.” Rae yawned and snuggled down in her covers. “Now get some sleep so we can find out what hidden talent’s going to wake up inside of you.”


Chapter 7
Tatù

“Rae…Rae…RAE!!!” The annoying whispers wouldn’t stop.
Rae rolled over, trying to force her eyes open. In the darkness, her watch’s bright light kept her from seeing the time. She threw the pillow over her head to muffle out the hoarse voice coming from the bed near her. Hadn’t she just gotten into bed? It couldn’t be morning already.
“Four hours,” Rae mumbled. “Then I’ll do anything you want.”
“Come on. Wake up and tell me if you see anything on my back.”
Maybe having my own room would be nice. “Do you know what time it is?”
“About two a.m., but I swear I felt something and want to see if anything’s there. Come on. I’ll do it for you…”
Rae sighed. Way too early. She groaned when she heard Molly flip on the light and felt the thump of Molly’s pillow on top of her own.
“All right. I’m up, I’m up.” She rolled out of bed, rubbing her eyes at the brightness. She stumbled over to Molly’s bed and with one eye open, lifted the back of Molly’s nightshirt to peek at her lower back.
“What do you see? What is it? Ohhh…I can’t look myself. I’m so excited! It’s there, isn’t it? What is it?”
“Nope. Nothing there but your pale white skin. No tatù, no ink, nothing. It’s too early. Too early for the tatù and too early for me.” Rae yawned and flipped the lights back off. Dropping onto bed she pulled the duvet over her head. “Go back to sleep and don’t call me until it’s at least seven. I like my sleep, or the little I can get.”
“Fine. I’ll try to keep quiet, but I’m positive I felt something. I’m just having a hard time sleeping. My dad told me if I get something really cool, he’ll buy me a car. They don’t allow them until our senior year, but maybe the headmaster or the dean would let me have one here this year. What kind of car do you think I should get? Hey, are you awake? Rae? Oh man, you’re asleep again! Damn English-American!”
Rae rolled over and drilled Molly’s pillow back at her. The thud muffled Molly’s voice, but only for a few seconds. Exhaling a long, silent breath, she blocked out the noise and went back to sleep.
At half past seven, Rae drifted back to consciousness. Sleep tempted her, but as she cracked her eyes open, she noticed Molly dead to the world, facing the wall, her pj top slightly lifted. Curiosity made her crawl out of her bed to get a closer look.
There, right along Molly’s spine, rested a unique tatù. No swelling or redness around the ink that hadn’t been there hours before. It seemed like it had always been there, like a birthmark. Fascinated, she got closer and could see a bolt of lightning, along with something else. She couldn’t make out the circle ink and didn’t want to touch Molly’s shirt to see it better. Straightening, she debated waking Molly but had a feeling her roomie probably hadn’t been sleeping very long.
Crawling out of bed, she slipped out the door and headed down the stairs. At least marble didn’t creak like the wooden stairs back home. Speaking of home… She checked her watch. It was pretty early in New York. She picked up the pay phone and then hung up. Her hand hung midair, debating if she should call Uncle Argyle.
Screw it. He owed her an explanation. Swiping the phone card with more force than was needed, she grabbed the head piece and punched the numbers into the phone. She tucked the phone under her chin and leaned against the wall. Out of habit, she tapped her bare toe against the heel of her other foot.
Nine…Ten…Eleven…Twelve…No one picked up. Middle of the night and no answer? Either they were out at some bed and breakfast or they had turned the ringer off at for the night. She’d try again later. She trudged back up the stairs and quietly slipped back into her room.
Now what? She stood in the center of the room, not quite sure what to do. Seeing her desk, she went and sat down at it. Gingerly, she opened the drawer, trying to avoid the squeak. She pulled out a sheet of stationary and a pen. At least if she wrote a letter, she could get some of her thoughts organized. There was no sense in e-mailing Uncle Argyle. He wasn’t computer literate. Rae toyed with the pen before putting it to paper.

Dear Uncle Argyle,

Why didn’t you tell me? About you, or Mom? Or any of this? I had a right to know before coming back to England. It’s pretty crappy of you not to tell me.
I want to know more about my parents, my mom and my dad. Everyone here seems to know about my past – everyone but me.
Call me when you get this.
Love, Rae
PS. Please tell Aunt Linda I’m settling in fine and am enjoying myself.

She reread the letter, noticing how deeply the writing was embedded into the paper. She’d been pressing down hard with the pen. Shoving the letter into an envelope, she quickly licked it shut and addressed it, too scared she’d chicken out. She stuck it in her bag. Later, she’d ask one of the students where to post it.
Rae heard Molly stir and swung around in her chair around to watch. Molly sat straight up, a huge goofy grin on her face.
“Happy Birthday.” Rae smiled, literally feeling the excited buzz in the room.
“Thanks. It’s there, isn’t it? I know it is. I can feel something’s different inside of me – like there’s something new running through my veins. I bet this is better than sex.” She hopped off her bed and jumped to the mirror.
Rae waited quietly on her chair as Molly examined her tatù.
“What is that?” She turned left and right, trying to get a full view. “I see the zigzag. Oh…it’s a bolt of lightning. Cool.” She inched closer to the mirror, squinting. “What’s the thing beside it? A ball? I wonder if it’s supposed to be a balloon. It’s shaped kinda weird. Crap. I got a boring ink. There’s nothing sexy about this.” She dropped her shirt, only to lift it back up again. “The one mark’s detail’s so small compared to the bolt of lightning. Is it a cloud? Does this mean I’m going to have to wait until it storms to figure out what my gift is?” Molly ran to the window and looked out. “I heard it isn’t supposed to rain for, like, two weeks.”
Rae grinned. “I don’t know much about these tatùs, but I’m pretty sure you’re not gonna have to wait until it storms to figure out how to use your gift.”
“Can you take a closer look?”
Rae nodded and pushed her chair back. Squinting, she leaned in and rested a hand on Molly’s hip to steady her. “Sorry. My hands are cold,” she murmured when Molly twitched.
“It’s fine. I’m just wondering if anyone else has a lightning bolt.”
“Hmm…not sure. If it helps, my mother had a tatù of the sun.”
“I heard she was marked inked but couldn’t remember what it was. I wish she was here so she could explain mine.”
“Me, too.” More than you could ever know. She stood up to look more closely at the ink. The detail was ten times better than any real tattoo Rae’d ever seen. She stared at the circle-thing beside the bolt. She slapped her forehead with the palm of her hand.
“I know what the circle-thing is!”
“What?” Molly twirled. “If you can tell me, that’ll be the best birthday present I’ve ever had – besides this tatù, of course.”
“I think it’s supposed to be a kite. You know, like Benjamin Franklin when he flew his kite in a thunderstorm?”
Molly scrunched her face into a puzzled look, then suddenly she brightened. “Holy crap! You’re right. I’m going to be able to create electricity or something super cool like that. Oh my goodness, this is going to be so awesome.” She swung around and grabbed Rae’s hands as she jumped up and down.
Rae went flying across the room. She slammed into the wall and slid down onto the bed. She rubbed her head, just above her ponytail. Shocked, she stared at Molly who stood with her mouth open, surprise written across her face.
They both started laughing.
Molly offered Rae her hand. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t think…I had no idea…”
Rae crawled around the outstretched arm, shaking her own hand. “Thanks for the offer, but I think I’ll avoid the hand contact for a bit.” She stood. “I’m fine. Just wasn’t expecting that.”
“Neither was I.” She spread her arms wide, bumping the wall. The lights dulled and then began flickering above them. “What the…?”
“Hand.” Rae pointed. “On the wall.” Shouts sounded outside the hall.
“Oops. Guess I’d better figure out how to control this.” She stuffed her hands into her pockets. The lights stopped flickering and the shouts outside stopped.
A knock at the door made Rae turn around. When she opened it, Haley came barging through, Maria trailing behind. Haley pulled Molly’s shirt up to see the tatù.
“I knew it was you.” Haley crossed her arms. “I knew if the walls starting shaking, or torrential rain storms started today, or anything weird happened, it’d be you not being able to control your gift.
“Ohhhh yeah, it’s me,” Molly squealed and jumped up and down, hands still firmly stuffed in her pockets. “This is gonna be sooo awesome!”
“Let’s go eat. I’m starving.” Haley pulled Molly and Maria out the door, ignoring Rae.
“Don’t worry ‘bout me,” Rae mumbled. “I’ll catch up.” She thought about Molly and her new skill. Hopefully, Molly didn’t end up frying somebody. This seemed a lot like giving a kid a gun, but not giving them any lessons in proper handling or safety.
She headed over to the Dining Hall.
The birthday cake was perfect – almost perfect. Julian walked in, carrying the cake with all the candles lit, and Nicholas, Andy and Riley began singing “Happy Birthday.” Molly raised her arms.
“Wait,” she said. “Something’s not right.” She spread her arms and knocked all the lights out in the dining hall. “Now sing.”
Rae giggled as Julian came by, his long hair standing straight on end from the static in the air.
Molly slapped Nicholas’ hand as he reached for a slice of cake and sent him flying about three feet backward. “Wait your turn!”
Rae died laughing when Molly tried something on Haley, a crackling and popping noise whizzed by her ears. When Haley pulled her hand away, the air around them smelled crispy. Her hair looked like the picture from an old Bon Jovi album cover Rae’s aunt had from the 1980s. Rae couldn’t stop giggling every time she shot a glance at Haley’s frayed ends, or Molly’s constant apologizing.
“Does anyone want to head over to Aumbry House an’ hang out?” Molly blew her bangs out of her eyes, exasperation written across her face as Haley stomped away to drop her tray off. The boys didn’t need convincing. The four of them stood simultaneously and rushed to clear the table.
“Let’s get everyone and we’ll have a games challenge,” Nicolas said. “Like a games competition of juniors versus seniors. That is, if you older boys are up for it?” He laughed, directing the last sentence toward Riley.
“Dude, you’re so going down. We’ll even let you have Devon to make the teams more even.”
“You can keep him. Just don’t give future-boy,” Craig nodded his head at Julian, “a pen and paper to show the outcome or you guys won’t even play.” He ducked as Julian threw an empty plastic cup in his direction.
“We’ll meet you there shortly. Pick some events, but make sure the rest of the girls actually want to play before you set up to destroy their game room,” Andy said.
Julian turned to Rae. “You interested in participating in this crazy challenge?”
“Heck yeah! But I’m supposed to meet Dean Carter after breakfast, and I don’t exactly know where his office is, or who he freakin’ is.”
Devon leaned his elbows on the table. “Dean Carter’s in charge of the school. Where Headmaster Lanford’s in charge of the students, Dean Carter takes care of the buildings, the alumni and the financial end of the school.”
Andy and Julian both cut into Devon’s academic explanation at the same time and blurted out, “I can walk you there.” “I’ll take you.”
Devon rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair, crossing his arms, not saying a word.
Rae glanced back and forth between the two guys, wondering who to choose, wishing it had been Devon who had offered. “Julian, if you don’t mind…I’d really appreciate it.” Seeing Andy’s disappointed face, she added, “Don’t you have to set up the competition?”
“It can wait. I don’t mind walking you.” Andy nodded, whether in agreement or defeat; Rae couldn’t tell.
Julian pushed back his chair like he had a tatù gift for speed. He grabbed his own and Rae’s trays to dispose of them. Andy stood and headed toward the front exit with the girls. Devon stayed in his seat, playing with the egg yolks on his plate. He kept his head down. Rae couldn’t see his eyes.
“You gonna play, too?” Rae asked quietly.
Devon looked up and grinned, showing Rae his dimple.
“Wouldn’t miss it. Should be interesting to see how the young lads fair against us big boys.”
His attempt at smack-talk made her grin. “Hey, there’re girls competing, too! I’ll be in the young lads group and plan on kicking your butt!”
Devon’s smile turned sly. “Ohhh yeah. That’s why I think the younguns are going to struggle – all this fresh, feminine DNA is going to confuse them.”
“And, of course, you big boys don’t have that problem?” Rae taunted.
Devon didn’t miss a beat. “Maybe just Andy and Julian.”
Rae saw the glint in his eye. “You’re going down for that.”
“Just don’t come sobbing to me afterward when you lose.”
Devon laughed back.
Julian returned, and Rae stood up to leave. She gave Devon a dirty look as she walked by, and, in return, he stuck his tongue out at her.
They left the Refectory, heading toward the main building of the school. Ten minutes later, Rae stood looking upwards. She marveled at the structural design of the main building. It reminded her of Hampton Court Palace her parents had taken her to when she was about five or six. The main entrance included a large, round tower on each side with beautiful, probably original, leaded oriel windows in between on the second floor above the archway.
“The architecture of the building’s amazing, isn’t it?” Julian watched Rae.
“Totally awesome. Is the dean’s office inside?”
“It’s in the right tower of the main building. Enter these glass doors and go up the flight of stairs. There’s a main lobby where the dean’s secretary is, and you can wait there. It’s the room above us, with the big leaded windows.”
“Thanks.” Rae headed toward the door, then turned back. “Oh, one more question. Is there a place I can buy a stamp to mail a letter to America?”
“Lucky guy.” He sounded disappointed.
Rae felt her cheeks burn at Julian’s assumption. “No boyfriend. Just a letter to my uncle.”
Julian grinned, appearing happy and pleased once again.
He pointed along the brick building. “The door with the small red flag hanging on the side is the student post office.”
Rae headed into the main building as Julian turned back to the dormitories. She ran up the now familiar-looking black and white checker marble steps into the lobby. Rae gave her name to the secretary and watched her disappear behind a door down the hall. She was too antsy to sit, so she walked over to the oriel windows and admired the view; so much so that she completely missed the secretary coming back into the room.
“Dean Carter will see you now, Ms. Kerrigan,” the secretary said in an extremely chipper voice.
Rae felt a knot settle between her shoulder blades. She wondered why she felt a vague sense of foreboding.


Chapter 8
Dean Carter

Rae turned to follow the secretary into the dean’s office. She stopped short just inside the door. The bright room was round and completely brick, like the outside of the tower. Ancient-looking portraits hung on the walls, alongside fleur de lis emblems etched into the red stone. Curved bookcases lined half the room. They must have been custom built a couple of hundred years ago, maybe when the vines outside had started growing. While warm and humid outside, a cool draft circled the room, making it feel like the frigid breeze from her aunt’s window air conditioner back home.
A thin gentleman sat in a black leather chair, his long, spidery legs sticking out from under the large oak desk. His expensive grey suit made his dark hair appear black. He wasn’t what Rae would call handsome, but his features were striking. He had a straight jaw shaved perfectly clean, a straight nose and dark eyes, which seemed slightly larger than normal.
“Good morning, Ms. Kerrigan.” His crisp, business-like voice punctuated his sentence. “I assume you’ve settled into your dorm and met a number of our students?” He didn’t glance up from the paper he was signing until he’d finished. The secretary took the documents and headed out of the office, closing the door behind her.
“Yes, thank you, Dean Carter. I appreciate being given the opportunity to finish my high school education here.” She babbled nervously. She continued to look around the room, concentrating on the paintings, probably past deans and headmasters, and not one of them smiling. I bet he fits right in.
The dean harrumphed. “Your parents would’ve wanted you to attend Guilder, so we had to find a way to make this work. It would have been easier, of course, if you had been a boy, but Mother Nature had to have her way.”
Rae stood silent, greatly insulted, but not sure how to respond. Cranky old geezer.
He rested his elbows on the edge of the desk, interlacing his fingers. “Seems the board thinks the school needs to modernize, allow women in.” He harrumphed again. “There was nothing wrong with the system being an all boys’ school. You’d have thought, with all our resources, they’d have built a separate one for females.”
Excuse me? Ouch. Seemed the dean wasn’t too pleased with the new enrollment rules. Rae swallowed, holding back a snide comment about being old-fashioned and chauvinistic. Not a good way to impress the dean and change his mind about girls being allowed on campus. An inner sense told her she didn’t want this man to know how he made her feel. It’d be like giving him ammo or something.
“What do you think of my office, the Round Room?” Dean
Carter leaned back in his chair.
Rae bit her lip as she glanced around again, trying to think of something intelligent to say. “It’s interesting. Is there a reason it’s round or just easier for the builders, back in the day, to keep the inside circular to match the towers?”
“Round rooms were very important to the Catholic church, at least in Wolsey’s time.” He stared down at her. “Do you know who Wolsey was, Ms. Kerrigan?”
“Sure.” Maybe the man also thought females were dense, on top of not good enough for Guilder. “Thomas Wolsey was a Cardinal, and I think he became the Archbishop of York. He’s the guy who helped King Henry the VIII – well, until he couldn’t get King Henry’s divorce from Catherine of Aragon.”
Score one for the GIRL, Rae inwardly cheered.
He snorted “It seems American schooling has taught you a bit of our British history.”
Surprised? Women not equal to men and now he considered
America less developed than England? What was this guy smoking? “Actually, my mother and my uncle always had a fascination with the monarchy, especially the Tudor history. I guess the interest got passed down to me.”
Dean Carter leaned forward at the mention of Rae’s mother. “What else did your mother, or your uncle, teach you?”
Common courtesy, politeness, respect…stuff his parents obviously forgot. She shrugged. “Not much. My uncle has the habit of only saying what needs to be said.”
Dean Carter looked like he wanted to push the topic more, but apparently changed his mind. “So, do you have an idea as to the reasoning for this Round Room?”
Rae glanced around and out the window. “I’m not sure, to be honest. Is the other tower an office as well?”
He ignored her question. “The room is round because Wolsey felt these were the safest rooms in the college. Not for architectural reasons but religious. In here, the devil, or his demons, can’t trap you in a corner.”
The last sentence hung in the air. Is that supposed to mean something to me? Rae shifted her weight. What a miserable guy, and he looked like he was only forty. What bug crawled up his ass? It was just a stupid old tower room, not some sacred religious sanctuary. He hadn’t even hung up a cross or crucifix. “Ms Kerrigan, is everything all right?” His concern didn’t sound sincere.
Oops. She must’ve been making some kind of face, probably a scowl. “Fine…sir. I think I’m just a bit jet lagged from my flight.” Rae knew it was a lame excuse, but she wasn’t about to tell him he made her, and probably the entire human race, feel uncomfortable.
“Be sure and rest up. Classes begin Monday. I’d hate for you to get behind even more since you already have quite a bit of catching up to do.” He looked at his watch and stood up. “I have a meeting with a trustee alumnus who likes to give a lot of support to this school.” He began walking toward the door. He turned just before reaching it. “You’re not inked yet, right?” He didn’t wait for her to answer. “Well, you will be by Christmas. That’s the reason I asked you to come by. There’s a festive dinner with the alumni before the holidays. I guess we’ll have to invite a few female students to it as well. Consider yourself on the list.”
Mortified at the thought of being the freak in a room full of tatùed adults, Rae tried to think of an excuse not to attend. Maybe she could go back to the U.S. a few days early and see her aunt and uncle.
“Relax. Don’t look so terrified.” He shook his head and muttered something that sounded like “women” under his breath. “We invite several of our students each year to attend the dinner. There’s food. You eat and talk to the trustees for an hour. Let them know their money is continuing to be well spent.” He buttoned up his jacket. “Please feel free to stop by any time if you have any questions. Have a good day.”
Like I’m ever going to come back here to see you. I’d rather eat dirt. He pointed with his hand toward the door. Rae noticed his sleeve slide slightly up. She caught a glimpse of his tatù – a hand with an eye inside. She guessed he had the ability to strike fear into the heart of everyone he met. Miserable old git.
“You, too…sir. Have a great day.” She strode to the door. It almost hit her behind on the way out. She quickly smiled at the secretary and headed straight for the stairs, determined to get outside. Rae walked the first few steps and then remembered the competition starting at Aumbry House. She ran down the rest of the way.
Once outside, she took deep breaths to clear her lungs and then continued jogging back to the dorm. She stopped by the little post office for a stamp and dropped the letter from her bag into the red post box inside. Hello Uncle, send answers, she thought as she jogged the rest of the way back to Aumbry House.


Chapter 9
Competition

Loud laughter and chatter greeted Rae as she slipped into the games room. Somebody had drawn a scoreboard on one of the chalk slates, naming the teams junior vs. senior. A snooker game between a pair of seniors against a pair of juniors had just started. Molly, standing beside Brady, threw darts, competing against Andy and twin girls Rae hadn’t met yet. Haley seemed deeply involved in a game of cards against Julian.
“Is there space for one more player in this challenge?” Rae asked to no one in particular.
Everyone paused in their competition to turn and stare. The silence in the room gave Rae an overwhelming sense that she didn’t belong here and made her shift and edge back toward the door. Maybe I’ll give Uncle Argyle a call instead. Just as she was about to cut and run, Andy grinned and waved. Shoot. Saved by a grinning wolf. That can’t be good. Now what?
“I’m, uh, I just need to use the phone. I’ll be right back.” She slipped back out the door as fast as she could. Her heart felt like it had plummeted into her intestines. She’d never fit in here.
The foyer was empty and the pay phone unoccupied. She punched in her uncle’s number, now desperate to hear his voice. She’d have even settled for an answering machine but Aunt Linda refused to use one. Rae tried once more and slowly put the phone back on the receiver. Ah, come on Uncle…I need you. Why won’t you answer? Are you hiding from me or something worse?
Glancing up the stairway, she debated just heading to her room and skipping the competition. Loud laughter and muffled cheers erupted from the games room. Someone hollered, “Nice point, Nic.”
Rae paused, her hand on the banister. She’d never fit in if she didn’t try. With a renewed sense of determination, she changed direction and headed back to the competition. Stepping through the door, she walked straight over to Andy and the twin girls, a smile pasted on her face. They’d moved to the other side of the room, where a game of cards was going on. She ignored a loud harrumph coming from the dart area.
“Hiya, I’m Rae.” The girls wore shirts like the old Lavern and Shirley TV show Aunt Linda liked to watch: one was marked with an “N,” the other an “A.” “Hi,” the twins said at the same time.
“This is Nadia and Aidan,” Andy said.
“Cool,” Rae said. “Your names are the same but spelled backward.”
Both girls’ eyebrows shot up. Nadia spoke, “Most people don’t figure that out unless they see our names written down, and even then, hardly anyone notices.”
Rae shrugged and smiled. “I’ve got an uncle who loves to play with words. He’s kinda brushed off on me.” She glanced at the door, wondering if she should try calling him once again. “Are you both here, waiting to see which one of you gets tatùed?”
“We’re already inked, both of us,” Nadia said.
“No way!”
“Totally.” Aidan grinned. “We’ve got the stamp of Morpheus to prove it.”
“Morpheus? I know he’s a god, but which one?”
“According to Greek Mythology, he’s the god of dreams,” Nadia said.
“We can make people dream in their sleep,” Aidan added. “You both have the same power?” At least Rae wasn’t the only special case in the female department.
“Yeah, except Aidan can make some seriously scary dreams, and I’m much better at the happier ones.”
Andy put his arm around Nadia. “Looks like you’re the gal I need to stick with.” He glanced over at Aidan, slipping his other arm around her shoulder. “Maybe I’d better be nice to you…payback would be a nightmare.”
“Rae Kerrigan!” Haley shouted over by the dart boards. Everyone turned to stare at Rae. “We need a junior to compete.” It seemed like she was trying to keep a straight face, but the corners of her mouth kept twitching.
Determined not to be wimpy or shy, Rae strolled over. “I’ll help, but I’ve never played before.”
Riley, leaning against the wall, straightened. “Never played darts? Sounds like you’ve been Americanized.”
Haley snorted.
Rae pushed her shoulders back. If Haley had PMS, that was her problem. “You’ve got topless darts in Britain. If those bimbos can play, so can I.”
“Impressive,” Riley said. “Seems like Kerrigan’s got some guts after all.” He grabbed some darts. “Here. Have a few practice tries, and then you and Haley can square off.”
Rae shrugged. “I’ll try my best.”
The darts were smooth with a grooved end near the tip. They were heavier than Rae thought they’d be. She figured they’d weigh as much as a pen and tried to hold it the same way. Walking to the line, she turned and faced the board.
“Just aim for the red dot in the middle, or the green ring around it,” Riley said.
Haley wrote their names on the little chalkboard beside the board. “We’re playing around the world. You need to hit every number on the board once, plus the bull’s eye.” Haley wrote one to twenty and two bull’s eyes down the board lengthwise. “I’ll keep your score and you do mine.”
“Fine.”
“That way you can’t cheat,” she added loud enough to make people to look their way.
Rae dropped her arm to her side. “I don’t cheat.”
“Like father, like daughter.” Haley shrugged.
What a bitch. “You never even met my dad.” Her uncle’s words pounded inside her head. Rae shook it to clear her thoughts and defend her family. “You’re such an as—”
“Cool it.” Riley stepped forward. “Put your claws away, girls. Just shoot the darts. We don’t want to be here forever.”
“Fine, let’s play.” Rae threw a shot and cringed when the dart made a solid thud into the wall above the board. The next one barely hit the black rim, outside the point range. Closing one eye, her tongue out to the side, she tossed the next one just above the bull’s eye.
“Good shot,” Devon cheered from across the room.
Rae’s mood lightened and she turned, eyes searching for him only to realize that he had actually been encouraging a teammate playing some game on the Wii. Embarrassed, she stepped toward the scoreboard as Haley erased the twenty on the board. She stepped to the line, shoulder shoving Rae as she passed. Ugh! Mean-spirited bitch.
Haley threw two of her darts, each one landing on a number. Rae grabbed the eraser and rubbed the first number off. Double checking the second dart, Rae reached for the two darts and jumped back in surprise when another whizzed by her ear. She ducked low to the ground.
“Oops. My bad,” Haley said loudly with false innocence. “That one slipped. You shouldn’t grab the darts until I’m finished throwing.” She tsked.
If Rae hadn’t shifted to check the last dart, she’d have the last one stuck in her head. She was blistering mad, but she said nothing. I won’t let her get to me. She grabbed her darts and went to the line to take her turn.
The game continued for twenty minutes with Rae falling miserably behind. But when Haley had only the bull’s eye left, Rae managed to hit her remaining numbers and bring the game to a tie. The two went back and forth, aiming for the red dot, both unable to hit it.
“This is taking forever. How about we go one last turn?” Riley said. “You each get one dart. Closest to the bull’s eye wins. Haley, you go first.”
Haley threw, nicking the metal around the center and landing just outside.
Rae set her feet on the line, one slightly in front of the other and closed her left eye, then her right. She moved her arm in practice, following a make-believe arc where the dart would go. Calm, she exhaled and held her breath to stop any movement. Completely focused, she opened her eyes and tossed the dart, knowing, before even releasing, it would stick in the center.
The dart traveled and at the last moment, arced to the left, just outside of Haley’s. Rae opened her mouth about to protest but kept quiet when Riley patted her shoulder, then walked over and high-fived Haley. She stared at the trickster, who wiggled her fingers at her in a wave.
“Nice try,” Haley said. “You lose.”
Riley went over to the team scores and added a point to the seniors.
Rae moved beside Haley, erasing the scores. “You cheated,” she hissed quietly. “You used your tatù.”
Haley covered her heart with both her hands. “I’d never.” She batted her lashes and grinned wickedly. “Can’t even lose fairly, can you?” She clucked and shook her head. “Just like dear ol’ daddy.”
The pounding in her ears grew deafening. Rae wanted to say something snide back to Haley but knew the girl would love that and it would only feed into the situation. She didn’t want to feed anything, she wanted to win, so she knew she had to leave this alone. “Whatever,” she muttered and turned to leave.
Suddenly November seemed a long way off. Once she had her hidden talent, she’d show Haley she wasn’t her father. She just had to be patient.
For the rest of the Sunday afternoon and evening, Rae read in her room. Molly flitted in and out, her mouth never stopping. Rae nodded and responded when needed, which seemed to suit Molly perfectly. Rae was secretly pleased with herself having found a way to “manage” her roomie without too much effort. After a quiet dinner, Rae headed back to the dorm and into bed for an early night, congratulating herself on a day well-spent.
Monday morning, wet drizzle created puddles everywhere. Rae and Molly veered left and right along the sidewalk trying to avoid them. Cool wind rushed against their faces, making them shrug down in their rain slickers and wrap their arms tightly around themselves. Their schedules were identical – morning classes were regular educational courses and afternoon classes were scheduled in the Oratory Building.
The first class of the morning began with Professor Stockheed. He stood at the front of the class, short and slight. Rae sat a few rows back, but closer to the front than the back. No better place than the middle for fitting in.
“People.” His voice stopped all the conversation floating around the room. It sounded like it had a hundred different accents, but Rae couldn’t place one of them. “I know you’re excited with the new school year, but we’ve got work to do.” He strolled by each desk and handed out a lined sheet of paper.
Rae watched the professor as he walked down the aisle and continued to speak. Her paper slid along the desk and, without looking, she put her elbow down to stop it from slipping off.
“I’d like each of you to think of the most memorable book you’ve ever read. Tell me the story, without sharing the title or the main character’s names. You’ve got ten minutes to explain it.”
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Rae turned back in her chair, ideas already forming in her mind on how to start the first paragraph. Grabbing a pen from her bag, she went to write her name on the top right corner.
Her hand froze midair.
On the paper in neatly capped black letters lay a note. Rae’s head pounded a delirious rhythm. This couldn’t be good. She glanced around the room, but no one sat watching her. They were all busy writing, heads bent over their work.
Exhaling slowly and deliberately she cringed, not wanting to look down.
“Is something the matter, Ms. Kerrigan?” Professor Stockheed’s voice floated from the back of the room.
“No, sir.” Rae bent down, resting her left arm on the table, elbow bent to cover the paper. Forced to look, she read the note.

KERRIGAN…NOBODY WANTS YOU HERE. NOT AT GUILDER, NOT IN ENGLAND. GO BEFORE SOMETHING HAPPENS TO MORE THAN JUST YOU.

Rae’s stomach dropped into her sneakers. Another Rae-hater. The professor? What did he mean by “more than just you”? Was this the reason she couldn’t reach her uncle? No, I won’t do this, I won’t freak out…
“Five minutes, class.” Stockheed stood by his desk.
Rae spread her hand over the note, her sweaty palms sticking to the paper. With a will of their own, her fingers curled into a fist as anger coursed through her veins. The crinkling noise of the sheet as it crumpled into a ball made the students nearby stare at her. She didn’t care. She hadn’t done anything wrong and these people were still judging her.
“Ms. Kerrigan?” A fresh, blank sheet slid onto her desk from an arm entirely covered in tattooed flags. It reminded Rae of a quilt her aunt once made, like a mosaic. “Shall we try again?” The professor smiled. He looked spooky with his crooked teeth. He strolled up the aisle without saying another word.
By lunchtime, Rae’s stomach was eating itself. Molly and she headed to the Refectory for lunch. Rae piled her plate high. Depression made her hungry. She wished she could bury her face inside of her pile of food when she heard Devon’s voice.
“Rae, you up for some tutoring tonight? Or do you prefer to eat the entire cafeteria out of all its food?” He laughed. “Headmaster Lanford suggested we meet two nights a week. Whatever works best for you…” He let the sentence trail off.
“Tonight’d be great. Thanks again. I really appreciate your help.” Silly girl for stacking her lunch plate with enough food to feed a small country.
“Tutoring?” Nicholas interrupted her thoughts. “From the sounds of your answers in our classes this morning, I don’t think you need any tutoring.”
“It’s just to help get her up to speed on the tatù and gift classes she hasn’t taken,” Devon explained. “Shall we meet in Aumbry’s library? Say, around eight then?”
“Whatever time works for you is great for me.” Rae wondered if she should mention the note to him from class. Maybe see if the professor had a grudge against other students. “See you tonight.” He turned and walked away, Rae’s heart hammering away in her chest. He’s got a cute butt. Her cheeks grew hot. Between her nervous heart and fire-burning cheeks, she hoped she didn’t have a heart attack.
“Shall we get going to our first ‘magic’ class?” Nicholas said.
“Magic? I thought—”
“Not real magic. There’s no such thing. It just seems like it when we use our tatùs.” He smiled, excitement flashing in his eyes. “I’ve been waiting for this moment for three years!”


Chapter 10
Magic Class

Rae walked into the grand room of the Oratory and felt like she’d stepped back in time. It appeared to still be in the sixteenth century.
The same black and white marble that appeared in every other building decorated the floor. Dark stained oak with hundreds of intricately, detailed carvings covered the walls. The grand room stood at least three stories high with long windows set near the pinnacle of the room. Rae wondered who set the windows so close to the ornately carved wooden ceiling almost five hundred years ago. They must’ve used one heck of a tall ladder.
Antique chairs were stacked along one wall, but there were no desks or tables. The room was as big as a football field.
Eyes wide, she ended up in the center of the room, doing a 360 degree turn to take in the entire view. She wondered if time did actually stand still inside this amazing place. It sure looks like it.
“We have class in here?” Rae whispered to Nicholas. The atmosphere felt too reverent to speak louder.
“Some classes are down the hall.” Nicholas gestured to the far side of the room. “It’s where the younger kids study skills until they turn fifteen. Then you graduate to here. I think Lanford’s office is somewhere down the hall, as well.”
“Where do seniors have class?”
“It’s switched. Seniors in the morning, then we have the place after lunch.” Rae had been too preoccupied to notice the other students coming in so it was a shock when she looked around and saw the room now filled with people.
Headmaster Lanford glided into the room, tapping his walking stick to get the students’ attention.
“All of you here are inked. Well, almost everyone.” Lanford nodded at Rae, but not in a discouraging way. “I’d like you to form groups of four and explain—”
He paused in his talking and glanced toward the back of the room. Rae turned to see Dean Carter come in and stand at the back of the room. He appeared ticked off, his arms crossed tight against his chest, and a scowl etched deep on his face.
“…Please introduce yourselves to each other.”
Rae blinked, trying to refocus on Lanford.
Nicholas motioned to the boy beside him. “Charlie just had his birthday this summer. Show us the new ink.”
Charlie walked over and rolled up his sleeve to show a tatù of a hand-drawn man.
“Cool tat.” Nicholas let out a low whistle. “What does it do?”
“It’s the Vitruvian Man. Let’s me heal quickly from, like, everything.”
“How?” Rae was curious. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the dean head over to Lanford.
“You know the Vitruvian man, right? Leonardo da Vinci drew him and used him to relate proportions of the body. The tatù shows I’m able keep all things proportioned.”
“Skip the da Vinci crap.” Nicholas let out a deep, hearty laugh. “Isn’t the Vit-man the same symbol for the medical profession?”
Charlie glared at Nicholas, then the corners by his eyes began to crinkle and he smiled. “Yeah, you’re right. Just thought the da Vinci shit sounded way better.” He slapped Nicholas on the back in a friendly gesture. “What about you?” He turned to Rae.
“Nothing…yet. I won’t be sixteen ‘til November.” Rae sighed, wishing her birthday had already passed.
“Students. Your attention, please.” Headmaster Lanford tapped his cane on the marble. “Dean Carter would like to have a few words.” He leaned back, as if sitting, but with nothing behind him, not a chair or stool.
“The annual interaction with the Roe Hampton students isn’t far off. I’d like to remind you all: there’s to be no tatù use during the evening. I expect you all to be on your best behavior.”
Rae could’ve sworn he was staring directly at the female students. She averted her gaze when his eyes rested on her.
Molly’s hand skyrocketed into the air, and she waved it furiously.
“Yes, Ms. Skye?” Lanford said.
“Will normal boys be coming as well? Maybe we could invite the students from Oxford.”
“No.” Carter spoke sharp and swift. “We’ve enough trouble with you lot.” He harrumphed and turned to leave.
Molly, sitting by Haley, whispered loudly. “It’s not fair. We should get a dance of our own then.”
Carter paused in his walk, pulled the end of his jacket down crisply and puffed out an exasperated breath. “Yes, let’s do that. Let’s spend thousands of pounds on a special evening just so the female students of Guilder can be happy. Let’s address the alumni board that two dances a year are not enough. Our female students need to have an evening every weekend so they can find a suitable spouse since they cannot do it on their own time.” He scanned the room, his gaze resting directly on Rae. “Heaven forbid we have a catastrophe of one of you falling for one of our Guilder boys.”
Every pair of eyes shot over to her. She didn’t know where to look or what to think. Part of her wanted to disappear and another part wanted to throttle the dean for singling her out. He had no right. She hadn’t asked the question. She hadn’t made her parents fall in love. She didn’t want more dances, or to cost the school tons of money. Feeling persecuted and madder than hell, she refused to drop her gaze and stared at each student until they glanced away.
“All right,” Lanford spoke. “Let’s get back to work, shall we?”
Dean Carter made his way to the door, but not before Rae saw the grin on his face.
What a chauvinist. He had purposely embarrassed the girls and got a kick out of it. Rae turned her shoulders, deliberately showing her back to the dean. She focused on Lanford, already missing part of what he’d said.
“…each ink is different, like a snowflake in a way.”
Rae watched Lanford as he spoke. She cocked her head to the side and tried to see what he sat on. “What’s your tatù?” she interrupted. “…sir.”
“Levitation.” He pushed up his sleeve to show his tatù. A man sitting in a yoga position, floating above the ground, rested neatly on his large forearm. He motioned for Rae to come forward.
She walked up to the front and stood to his right. Lanford stayed in his seated position, and raised both of his arms slowly.
“What the…?” She felt weightless and lightheaded. Looking down, her breath caught. She hung suspended in the air, her feet dangling three feet off the ground..
Lanford wiggled his index finger, bringing Rae up so her feet dangled slightly above his head.
It turned out to be the weirdest sensation, not so much feeling suspended, but more like gravity had left her body. Lanford floated her across the room. She was almost disappointed when the feeling of gravity returned as he set her back down gently. Like jumping on a trampoline for an hour and then trying to walk on the hard, flat ground.
“Next time, Ms. Kerrigan, please raise your hand to ask your question.” Lanford smiled and pointed to where Nicholas stood. “You can return to your spot.”
Not long after Rae jumped, surprised to hear the buzzer sound to signal the end of class. She reluctantly grabbed her bag and walked out into the rain.
What if she woke up on her birthday with no mark ink on her back? A claw of worry tightened her stomach as she realized that it might always remain blank. No one seemed to know what would happen. What if she really was just a normal, boring teen? She couldn’t go back to the way things had been before.
She stopped in the middle of the sidewalk. Her uncle must’ve felt awful when he learned her mother had been given the mark tatù instead of him. What gut-wrenching disappointment he must have felt. Wow, that must have really sucked, to be taken away from all his friends, from my dad, and to realize he wasn’t the special one. Rae pondered this new side of her uncle’s life story as she wandered along the sidewalk.
Using her bag as an umbrella, Rae slipped into the dining hall and grabbed a few buns off of a table. She stuffed them in her pockets, along with a few mini butters. The idea of just hanging out in her dorm room doing homework until her meeting with Devon seemed like the perfect idea. With her pockets stuffed with snack supplies, she set off to do just that.
With her notebook and pen, Rae headed down to the library ten minutes before eight. She tried her uncle on the phone one more time. No answer. But Aunt Linda had called earlier and left a message with Molly, so Rae was no longer worried. She hadn’t been sure if Rae had been trying to get a hold of them. They had no machine and had been away and planned another short holiday for a few nights. Rae figured her aunt was enjoying some time with just the two of them. Her uncle probably said yes to the trips just so he wouldn’t have to talk to her. Coward. She shrugged off her disappointment with her Uncle and focused instead of the tutoring session to come.
Her heart skipped at the thought of seeing Devon. She tried telling herself it was because she wanted to learn more about her past, but knew that wasn’t the only reason.
Rae slipped into the library, picking a table toward the back. The last thing she needed was anyone, especially Haley, within hearing distance.
She sat down on the antique oak chair, rubbing her palms against the smooth top of the table. After a few minutes, she began tapping her pen against her binder. Eyes glued to the entrance of the library, her heart rate doubled when Devon walked through the oak doors.
He’d just showered. His dark hair still damp, and he’d changed into jeans and a white t-shirt. He moved with an easy confidence. She liked that. He raised a hand when he noticed her, arriving at the table in seconds, the speed of his gift carrying him. He moved so fast, his image had appeared blurry from the speed.
“Sorry I’m late.” He plopped down across from her. “The guys had a football rematch after tea and I lost track of time. Then I had to shower, ‘cause I stunk.” He grinned and wrinkled his nose.
Rae relaxed at his easy-going tone. “No prob.”
Leaning forward to rest his elbows on the table, Devon dropped his chin into his hands. “How’d your first day of classes go?”
The scent of Devon’s musky cologne wafted over her. Rae sat back to concentrate better, but the lure of his cologne tempted her to lean forward again and smell his delicious scent.
“Cl-classes were all right. Professor Stockheed seems… uh, interesting.” Rae inhaled a deep breath through her nose, trying to not appear obvious. If Devon said anything bad about the teacher, she’d tell him about the note.
“He’s fine. A bit strange, but he’s harmless. What’d you think of the Oratory?”
Nope. She wasn’t going to mention the note. She focused on his question. “When you walk in the place, I swear, time freezes.”
“Yeah, the Grand Room does seem to hold some special power or quality. Maybe that’s why they called it the Aura-tory.” Devon dropped back in his chair, his hands clasped behind his head. He had long, muscular arms. The corners of his mouth twitched, his dimple winking at her.
“That’s a really bad joke.” Rae laughed despite herself.
“There are plenty more where that came from.” Devon stretched his legs out under the table. “Did you like Lanford’s class?”
“Definitely the most interesting.” She felt her cheeks burn. “He’s got an awesome tatù.”
“Oh no,” Devon laughed. “Who was it? Someone not paying attention or fooling around?”
Rae’s face got hotter and Devon’s laugh got louder.
“You?” He shook his head. “Last year, he lifted Riley up while he was mucking about. Dude didn’t catch on and tried to fight it. He looked like a cat thrashing about in the air. Legs and arms going everywhere as he tried to get his feet back on the ground. Took him a while to figure out Lanford held him there.”
“Mine wasn’t that bad. Thank goodness.” She smiled, relieved. “I love the Oratory.”
“Did you know the school dance next month is held there? It’s looks pretty surreal once decorated. You’d expect King Henry himself to show up.”
“Cool.” Rae didn’t know what else to say. She pictured them dancing together and then she thought about his girlfriend and wondered if Beth’d be there.
“How about we get started?” Devon reached for a pen. “Tell me what you want to know.”
“Me? Shouldn’t you have some lesson plan all mapped out?”
“Nope.” Devon laughed as he shook his head. “These sessions are to help you with any questions you’ve got.”
“Okayyy…” Rae drummed her fingernails against the oak desk, her eyes traveling along a grain in the desk’s wood. “All rightie, let’s start with something obvious. My parents. What do you know about their ink?”
“Skip the small talk and get right into the deep stuff, don’t you?” Devon began doodling on a sheet of paper inside her binder. He rested his chin in his free hand. “I don’t know a lot about your mom. Story is she fell in love with the wrong kinda guy.” He shrugged.
“Then tell me what you know about my father.”
Devon paused in his doodling and exhaled. “You say you don’t remember much about your dad. Maybe he acted different with your mom. To the rest of this secret society of tatùs, he chose the dark side of his ink. I don’t know the hows or whys.” Devon glanced at Rae, quickly dropping his gaze. “He’d be the poster child for the debate about kids growing up evil. Others joined him. This group of men let greed and power rule the choices they made in their lives, with no care or consideration for who got hurt.”
“People who aren’t inked live like that now. That’s no different than the norm of today’s society.” Her dad couldn’t have been that bad. After all, there were terrorists in other countries blowing people up just to say they did it.
“Yeah, but normal people don’t have powerful tatùs to work with. Your dad…he did some pretty bad shi—not so nice things to a lot of innocent people.” Devon paused, setting the pen down on the table. “There are still inked people who agree with what your father believed and are determined to continue with his plans…”
“I get what my dad was. I know there were times when my mother seemed terrified of him. As a kid, I thought it was normal. But my uncle… he never spoke the same way to my Aunt Linda or acted angry. And, it seems, he had good reason to be mad.” She chewed her lip. “You know, when my father was happy, he was good, but if he was mad or in a dark mood…” Rae shuddered and whispered, “Maybe that’s why I forget so much. Maybe I’ve blocked it out because it was so awful. What I do remember certainly isn’t all hearts and roses. I still have nightmares.”
Devon played with his pen cap, unable to look Rae directly in the eye. “Your father had big plans for himself and his little coven of followers. It got to the point where something catastrophic was going to happen. The Tatù Privy Council was terrified of what he planned to do, knowing they’d be unable to stop him. The fire at your house changed everything.” Sympathy filled his eyes. “Miraculously, you survived. Officials were unable to find the cause or source of the fire.”
“It’d be nice to see those reports. Maybe there’s something I’m forgetting.” Rae couldn’t remember anything more significant about that day than losing her mother.
“If you’d like, we can look up the newspaper articles on another night.”
Rae rubbed her temples. “I’d like to remember something no one else knows. Try and right the wrong he did.” She paused, unable to decide if she should voice the hope nagging inside. “Or maybe my dad really wasn’t that bad, and it’s all just a big misunderstanding. Maybe…” She knew how silly she sounded. It was childish, wishful thinking, wanting her dad to be a secret super hero instead of the villain of the story.
Devon took one of Rae’s hands in both of his. He held it for a moment before slowly releasing it. Rae could still feel the warmth from his touch. She stared down at her fingers.
“Deep down, I think I always knew my father couldn’t be a good person. I never knew details, but I always figured…” She blinked rapidly, trying to stop the burning in her eyes. Unable to talk, she half whispered, “I’m terrified I’ll end up like him when I get my tatù. What if his ink changed him? It could happen to me, too.” No wonder the school wanted her here and why the other kids acted weird around her.
She glanced up at Devon, forcing a tiny half smile. A long, sad breath slipped out. “Would you mind if we maybe called it a night?” She didn’t think she could hold the flood works back much longer.
“Sure.” The pity in Devon’s eyes made Rae look away.
Devon’s chair scraped as he stood. “Go get some sleep and don’t worry. Tonight was just a lesson in history. It doesn’t mean anything, and it changes nothing of who you are.” He waited until Rae gathered her things. He didn’t push or question her request. Together, they walked down the center aisle of the library and went their separate ways in the foyer.
It means everything to me. How can Devon think it doesn’t change who I am? It’s like an ink stamp on my forehead. Like I’m already labeled by everyone here. Rae trudged up the stairs and into her dorm room, feeling relieved when she saw that Molly wasn’t already there, with her constant chatter and questions. She just wanted to crawl into bed, cry and disappear into the darkness.


Chapter 11
American Cheeseburger in London

School life settled into a steady rhythm in sync with the English rain. Unlike the rain, school was never tiresome: predictable, yes, but not tiresome. She became friends with a few of the students, said “hi!” to them on the way to and from classes, and even spent time with them after hours. In short, she began to fit in and enjoyed the feeling.
Rae loved afternoon classes best. Studying tatùs and learning how each student grew with their abilities made her more excited each day. September passed by quickly. Rae knew the first weekend of October would be Parent’s weekend and she dreaded it. But when it arrived, it turned out to be even worse than she had imagined.
She wasn’t naïve enough to think that her uncle would fly over for the weekend. Deep down, she didn’t want him there. She wished her mom, or even her dad, were alive to help her through this. When Rae had finally gotten through on the phone to the U.S., Aunt Linda had answered. Each time she called, Uncle Argyle managed to be out or unavailable. The previous week, she’d finally spoken with him, but he’d been evasive since Aunt Linda had been in the room. He hadn’t answered any of the questions she asked.
Over the weekend, other students’ parents avoided her. Most of the students did as well. She felt, once again, like she didn’t belong at the school, and it hurt. Thank goodness Devon’s father turned out to be polite. Otherwise she’d have disappeared and hung out in her dorm.
Just like his son, he didn’t seem to judge her just because of who her parents had been. He talked about Devon the entire conversion, which she didn’t mind at all. Headmaster Lanford interrupted their pleasant conversation to say how ecstatic he was to see Mr. Wardell. He quickly dragged Devon’s father off to speak with Dean Carter. While being pulled away, Mr. Wardell smiled apologetically. She noticed he had the same dimple as Devon and decided she both liked and trusted him, just as she did his son. He seemed the kind of guy who wanted the moon and stars for his kid.
Meeting Mr. Wardell turned out to be the easiest part of the weekend. The rest was like having her fingernails ripped out – she actually thought that might be less painful. Any conversation she tried to have with a parent, Dean Carter stood within earshot to tell them who she was and what she’d been doing since her arrival. He seemed nervous with all of the female students, yet stuck to her specifically, like glue. Almost as if he thought she’d blurt out to the parents without tatùs how special her ink was going to be or how she wanted to take over the world with it. She thought she’d never been so happy to go back to class Monday morning.
Sitting at her desk listening to Professor Stockheed drone on about the importance of punctuation and how grammatically correct sentences allowed people to understand you better, she assured herself that the isolation of the past weekend would dissipate.
As the days progressed, the weather turned cooler and Rae noticed the trees began to glow with hues of red, orange and yellow. The school dance became the focus of everyone’s attention. Molly, determined to ask someone to the dance, was disappointed to learn no one actually took a date.
“I’m gonna ask a boy, anyways,” she told Rae later that evening.
“Ask Craig. His ink is water, and you know it’s an excellent conductor of electricity.” Rae waited for Molly to start laughing, but Molly didn’t get the obviously very bad joke.
Molly just continued to pace the room and talk like she’d never heard Rae. “I’m dying to have my first kiss. Here I am, the sad age of sixteen and I’ve never been kissed. Well, I’ve been kissed, but not that first kiss.” She ran out of the room, shouting Haley’s name and hollering if she’d ever French-kissed anyone. Rae idly wondered why Molly hadn’t asked her that question rather than Haley, but dismissed the thought just as quickly as it came into her head. It was blatantly obvious Rae had little experience in the world of kissing. More important things to do anyways.
She grabbed her backpack and headed downstairs to meet Devon. He was already there, waiting for her at their usual table at the back of the library. He sat chatting on his cell phone as she walked down the aisle. Noticing her, he waved.
Not wanting to eavesdrop, Rae slowed her pace but still caught the end of the conversation.
“…Sounds great, Beth. I can’t wait to see you on Saturday, too. Yup, me too…I, uh, gotta go. I’m tutoring tonight.”
The tone of his voice made Rae feel like an obligation, a job, and that hurt. She’d come to consider him a friend and thought he felt the same. It certainly hadn’t sounded that way.
“Who’s Beth?” She tried to make her voice sound normal.
It took a long time before he answered. Rae watched him concentrate on putting his phone into his backpack. He exhaled, in what sounded like frustration.
“My girlfriend.”
“Oh. How long…have you guys been toget--dating?” Rae blushed, hating that she couldn’t keep her curiosity contained.
“Since the summer after I turned fifteen.”
Rae did the math. His birthday was in March, so they’d been dating almost two years. They might as well be engaged, in to her mind.
“Yeah, we kinda grew up together. Her parents are friends with mine, so it was kinda…She goes to RH.” His words were rushed and jumbled together. “Anyway, I’ll introduce you at the dance.”
Yeah, Rae’d like to meet this Beth and throw rotten bananas at her, along with a few moldy tomatoes. Might as well make sure she’s wearing something white and very expensive so it ruins everything. Rae smiled sweetly, hoping her thoughts weren’t transparent. “Does she know about your tatù?
“No. I haven’t told her anything about Guilder or the ink-stamps. She thinks I got the tatù when I turned sixteen to copy my dad’s snarling fox. She laughed and thought it was adorable I got a little fox with big ears as a tattoo instead of a skull or something more masculine.” He shrugged indifferently.
What a jerk! Can’t you see that, Dev? Come on, I’d be SO much better for you than her. Rae shifted, surprised at her own thoughts. “Funny. I never thought of your tatù as cute.” She cleared her throat and tentatively reached out to touch his ink. She traced it lightly and quickly pulled her hand away when she pressed against his warm skin. “It’s got a lot of hidden depth: speed, agility, awesome hearing. Fennecs have strong vision and aren’t they supposed to have an easy-going nature? Definitely a useful tatù, especially if want to be a secret agent or spy.” She’d checked out fennec foxes on the Internet the day after she’d met Devon.
Devon grinned and straightened in his seat. “I like your definition of my ink. Makes me sound a lot tougher than some tiny, cute, little desert animal.” He laughed.
She glowed with pleasure, but quickly dropped her head down, determined not to show how much his words affected her. Get your game face on Rae, she coached herself. “Don’t you hate that you can’t say anything to Beth about your, uh…gift?” She played with the zipper on her bag. “I’d want to be able to tell the person I lov-cared about. Who wants a relationship built on lies?”
“No way.” Devon shook his head. “It’s hard enough to figure out how to deal with the skill, let alone tell other people. Our society would never allow us to do it anyway. It goes against the code.”
Keep your tatù a secret to the outside world. Use it to the best of your ability. Don’t try to create or evolve what has naturally been given to you. That includes scientific experiments, crossing DNA with each other or creating life. Blah, blah, bull-crap, blah, blah, and so on, and so forth. Rae stopped the mental reciting of the code and rested her hands on the table and leaned forward, curious to know why Devon walked the straight and narrow. He sounded scared to go against the grain or disappoint anyone. He definitely played by the rules. She scrunched her nose, annoyed that Uncle Argyle’s little proverb itched in her memory. Compared to someone like her father, it was no wonder people here considered her a freak and were afraid of her.
She straightened in surprise when Devon stopped doodling and went stock still. His head cocked to the side as his eyes shot to the computer area near the library doors.
“Did you hear something?”
Rae looked around and held her breath, listening. The only sounds she heard were the hum of the lights and the fans from the computers. “Nothing unusual,” she whispered.
“It’s probably nothing.” Devon shrugged, glancing behind him. “I thought I heard something click shut.”
“Might’ve been one of the computers going into hibernation mode.”
“Yeah, probably nothing.” Devon lifted a large volume book. “This covers the entire history of tatùed people in Great Britain. One section even lists the people who attended Guilder.” He opened the book to a random page. “To the unknowing eye, the book represents tattoos students from Guilder have gotten over the years since King Henry’s time.” He tapped his forehead with a finger and gave a knowing smile.
Devon picked up a scroll leaning against the desk. He and Rae unrolled it on the table to study the chart’s tatù markings. The chart divided tatùs into four sections: common, distinct, rare and unknown.
“I’ve seen some of these here.” Rae pointed to Andy’s ink and a few others.
Devon tapped a drawing with his finger in the rare section. “That’s your mother’s ink stamp.” He then pointed to another one. It was one of only three ink in the unknown section. “And your dad’s.”
Rae studied the sun marking with the rays coming out of it. She traced it lightly with her finger, swearing to herself it felt warm. Ironic that it looked exactly as she’d pictured it. She hesitantly brought her hand over to her father’s. “What’s this supposed to be?” She leaned in closer, squinting at the detail. “Some little wizard in a robe?”
Devon coughed. “Kinda. I think it’s supposed to be a warlock.”
“A male witch?” Rae grinned. “You scared?” She covered the ink with her hand. “You think it might rub off on me if I touch it?”
“No.” Devon’s mouth said no, but his action of sliding her hand away spoke volumes about how he really felt. His reaction, and the meaning behind it, bothered her. But she wasn’t willing to explore it at that moment.
She pointed to the title.
“Why’re there only three here?”
“There’s no written code for the unknown section. I always thought of it as more of a black-gifted section. Though no one can say for sure, everyone says that unknown ink is dark. These three shown here were dark throughout our history – the last one being your father’s. The other two are from over hundreds of years back, one being from King Henry the VIII’s time.
“I wonder which category mine will fall under.’” Her gut clenched as she stared at the unknown section. Would she be dark-gifted like her father? Surely not. Between her mother’s and father’s gifts, there had to be a happy medium…right?
“It’s just a chart, a theory.” Devon touched her hand lightly with his fingers. “It doesn’t mean anything. It just gives us something to look at, like the periodic table.” He pointed to his heart. “What matters is who you are on the inside. How you let the gift grow inside of you.”
“Smarty pants.” Rae grinned, all the fear she had felt a moment ago gone.
“Headmaster Lanford taught me that.”
“Okay, he’s the brilliant professor. Is he the brilliant-mad professor?” Rae winked. “Seriously though, he cares a lot for the school, doesn’t he?”
“Everything he does is for the good of this school. Anyone who’s attended Guilder pays homage to it. Famous, rich or whatever, they all give back to the school and, in turn, send their kids here. My father’s a huge supporter and a big fan of Lanford’s and he’s been bragging about Guilder ever since I can remember.”
“I’ve a feeling my father wasn’t as big of a fan.” Rae’s watch chimed and she doubled checked it in disbelief. “Shoot, it’s ten already, and I’ve got a lab I need to write up.” She stood and started shoving her stuff back into her backpack.
“I promised Julian I’d help him with a vision-drawing he had yesterday. He can’t figure it out so I said I’d take a look.” Devon pushed his chair back and placed the chart back into its tube-holder.
They headed out of the library and went their separate ways. Rae spent the rest of the evening trying to do her report, but constantly thought about the chart. She went to bed still wondering how the inking worked and what kind she might get. Restless throughout the night, she couldn’t relax and drop into a deep sleep. Around three she woke from a nightmare, her heart racing, fearful her entire body had been inked, even her face. She dropped back onto her sweat soaked pillow with relief when she realized she’d been dreaming.
The next afternoon Andy stopped by Rae’s dorm room.
“You wanna go for lunch before the dance Saturday? There’s this great little pub in town that serves American food. It’s called ‘American Cheeseburger in London.’ It’s awesome.” Andy let out a growl. “I’ll bring the werewolf.”
She couldn’t stop the explosion of laughter that escaped. “S-sounds like fun. Why don’t I meet you at your dorm around noon?”
Thumping and banging erupted from Rae’s closest. Andy growled and jumped into the room, ready to protect her from the unidentified danger.
“That’s it! I’m taking you shopping.” Molly stepped out of Rae’s closet and slammed the door. “You have absolutely nothing to wear to the dance.”
“I was just--”
“No, you aren’t.” Molly grabbed her purse. “We’re going now. I’ll call a cab from downstairs.”
Andy relaxed, laughed and stepped out of Molly’s way. “I’ll let you two get going. I’ll even offer to drop you off at the shops if you’d like.”
“Perfect.” Molly snatched Rae’s hand and dragged her to the door.
Rae dreaded shopping. She didn’t have a knack for finding things that actually went together. However, the afternoon turned out to be fun. With Molly’s help, Rae found a simple dress, fitted on top but when the material reached her hips, it relaxed and the chiffon ruffled down to her knees. The dress was simple but elegant, in a beautiful turquoise blue-green with tiny sparkles sewn into the chiffon. Molly even talked her into buying loads of little winged clips with rhinestones on them.
“Your hair is super long, and with your curls they’ll look fantastic. I’ll clip them in and do you hair.” Molly pulled a tendril of Rae’s hair from her ponytail. “It’ll look like it’s been pinned up by a million little butterflies.”
“It sounds pretty.” Rae’s aunt had always gone on about how pretty she was and how she looked like her mom. Rae had never given it much thought. Of course, her aunt would say she was pretty. She was family, that’s what family did. But no one else had ever really said it so Rae didn’t really believe it.
“As long as we show those Roe Hampton girls up, the evening’ll be a success.” Molly raised her hand, which Rae promptly slapped, returning the high five.
The following day, Rae ran up the stairs to the second floor of Joist House. Andy had told her his room was the last one at the end of the hall. Reaching the end of the hall, she glanced left and right. There were two doors at the end and she wasn’t sure which one belonged to Andy. After a quick eeny-meeny-miny-moe, she knocked on the one on the right. Her jaw dropped when Devon opened the door.
“Hey, what’re you doing here?” He grinned, his eyes bright.
Rae swallowed. He looked awesome in just a pair of jeans and white t-shirt. “Hi! I, um, I didn’t know this was your room. I, uh…actually I’m trying to find Andy’s room.” Rae felt the heat creep into her face. Why’d she always have to blush? It was so annoying.
His face registered surprise, which quickly disappeared and his features became unreadable. “Andy’s room is across the way.” He pointed behind her.
“Thanks.” Rae turned, hoping he’d shut his door. She wasn’t that lucky. Devon leaned against the door frame, crossing his arms and watching with a smirk on his face. Andy opened his door before Rae finished knocking.
“Ready to go? I’m starving.” He noticed Devon. “Hey, Dev. You want us to bring anything back for you? I’m taking Rae to lunch.” Andy put his arm around her shoulders in a possessive gesture. “We’re going to the American Cheeseburger in London.”
“I’m good. Thanks for the offer.” Devon’s smile disappeared, his face unreadable again. “I gotta give Beth a shout. I’ll catch you guys at the dance.” He headed back into his dorm room, firmly shutting the door. Rae couldn’t keep from glancing back at it as they walked down the hallway.
Andy drove to the pub in his little Volkswagen. Rae giggled when he ran around the car to open the door for her.
“Very chivalrous of you.” She stepped out. “Guilder should be proud.”
Andy grabbed her hand and gave it a squeeze. “Ignore those old professors. They’re so behind on the times.”
Rae nodded, wondering what he meant. She smiled, happy to have her hand back when Andy opened the wooden door to the pub. The smell of fried onions, vinegar and beer filled her nostrils. The old pine floor showed years of foot treading, spilt drinks and polish. The tables and chairs were all Jacobean with twirly-carved legs. A few guys sat at the bar, watching TV as they munched on french fries and chicken wings. Other than that, the place seemed empty. Andy and Rae settled in at a table near the fireplace with actual logs burning inside – not a gas one like you’d find in an American restaurant. The place looked English, but the menu was completely American. Rae loved the casual, cozy atmosphere and couldn’t wait to eat food from back home.
After ordering drinks and burgers, Andy leaned back, resting an arm on the back of the chair beside him. “So,” he drawled, “are you starting to feel settled in?”
“A bit.” Rae played with her utensils and scrunched up her nose. “Everyone still seems put-off by my family history.” “Ignore them. Loads of the guys think you’re hot.” He winked at her and bent forward. “You know, not everyone is scared of the old myths about tatùs dating each other. I’m definitely not chicken. I’m up for the challenge…if you are.”
Rae blushed. It started at the base of her neck and burned all the way to her hair follicles. She got his implication loud and clear. Boy oh boy, she was not interested. “Um…thanks.” She licked her lips. “That’s uh…really nice of you to say.”
“Don’t worry.” Andy grinned. “I don’t bite. Just save me a dance tonight. I can bide my time.” The look on his face turned to an “oh-crap” expression as his focus caught on someone over her shoulder. He straightened in his chair, suddenly intent with his menu.
Rae turned in her seat to see the dean enter the pub. He frowned when he noticed the two of them, his eyes narrowing when he stared at Rae.
Thank goodness the waitress brought their food. Rae stuffed a chip in her mouth right away, avoiding further conversation and not looking at anyone else in the pub. Andy chatted between bites about Guilder, classmates and the English weather.
Rae responded when she needed to. She tried using her peripheral vision to spot where Dean Carter sat. Andy seemed oblivious, constantly hinting the two of them should go out to a movie, to dinner or a club. Shortly after one, she used the excuse of having to get ready to cut their afternoon short. She stood, relieved to see the dean no longer there.
They drove back to Guilder, Andy talking most of the way.
“All rightie, you get going.” Andy parked in the school parking lot and unclipped his belt. “I’ve two younger sisters. I know how it goes.”
He leaned toward her, and Rae wedged herself against the door, terrified he might try to kiss her. She reached for the door handle, about ready to make her escape. Andy’s eyes traveled down her arm. In one motion, he was out of the car and racing to the passenger side. He opened her door and helped her out. As he led her to Aumbry House, he said, “Remember to save me a dance, princess. You promised.”
Rae watched him saunter over to Joist House, whistling as he walked. He turned and yelled, “Now you’ve had lunch with a werewolf at the American Cheeseburger in London! Not a lot of people can say that.”
Rae grinned, despite herself. She could still hear his laughter as she dashed up the stairs. Grabbing her toiletries, she rushed to the showers, avoiding telling Molly about her lunch date. Crap, that’s what it was. A date. She had only meant to go as friends, but obviously Andy’s intentions were completely different. He seemed like the brother she had always wanted. Obviously he considered her…ew! I can’t even finish the thought! It can’t possibly be a worse mess. Then the dean had to be there. With her luck, he’d probably taken notes and planned on sending a letter to Andy’s parents and mentioning the entire thing at the Alumni Dinner at Christmas. She scrubbed her scalp harder, trying to clear her thoughts. She wanted to have fun tonight and, no matter what, she was determined to do so.
While putting the butterfly clips in Rae’s hair, Molly grilled her on lunch. Not getting any answers, Molly finally fell silent and focused on Rae’s hair. Rae felt a twinge of discomfort not talking to her roomy, but the whole thing had been uncomfortable for her and she really didn’t want Molly to go blabbing to everyone about it, possibly hurting Andy’s feelings. The one thing Rae was absolutely certain of when it came to her roommate was that she couldn’t keep a secret if her life depended on it. Better not even ask her to try. I’m already a freak. I don’t want to be the freak who broke Andy’s heart. What would Devon think then? That brought Rae out of her thoughts with a start. She mentally lectured herself not to think about Devon since he had a girlfriend, whom he’d be dancing with tonight. And I’m going to have fun, too.
The tray of clips empty, Molly offered to put on Rae’s makeup. Thirty minutes later, she rolled Rae’s chair in front of the mirror. Rae suddenly felt nervous and stared down at her hands.
“Quit avoiding. Your hair’s fantastic. And the makeup isn’t over done, I promise. You’re really going to turn some heads! Who knew?”
Fluttering in her stomach, Rae peeked. Her eyes widened in surprise. Molly had put clips around each tendril of curl. Every direction Rae turned, sparkles shown through her curls and bounced of the blond and dark parts. It looked like movie-star hair. She swore she could hear the other girls down the hall laughing. She glanced at Molly and grinned sheepishly.
“Don’t be so shocked. It’s about time we got to see what you really look like. You’ve been so busy trying to keep up with classes and learning about tatùs, you never bother to put any effort into your physical appearance. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you put more than mascara lip gloss on, or had your hair out of a bun or ponytail.”
Rae could only smile.
“We’ll show the boys of Guilder there are girls here worth a second glance!” Molly put her hands on her hips. “And we’ll let everyone here know you’re not just a stupid name.”
Rae wanted to hug Molly. That was the nicest thing anyone had ever said to her. I have the best roomie in the world.


Chapter 12
The Dance

Heading off to the dance half an hour late, Rae noticed the empty Roe Hampton bus in the parking lot. Rae, Molly, Haley, Maria and the twins all headed up the path to the Oratory. They all jumped simultaneously when a deep voice spoke front a bench in the shadows.
“Good evening, ladies. You’re all splendidly charming.” Dean Carter stepped from the shadows. “Might I have a quick word with Ms. Kerrigan?”
Pounding echoed in Rae’s ears. She reminded herself that she planned to have fun tonight, no matter what. Creepy old goat. “Go on in. I’ll meet you inside.” Rae turned her attention to the dean, abruptly feeling less confident than her voice had sounded. She tried to ignore Haley’s snicker.
The dean waited until the others went in. “I wanted to take a moment to ask how things are going.” He didn’t wait for Rae’s reply. “I also wanted to mention you’ll be sleeping in the Infirmary on the fourteenth of November.” He frowned. “So we ca--may see you on the morning of the fifteenth. This is one of the conditions we set with your uncle on your being allowed into our school. That’s all. Have a pleasant evening.” He stood and walked away, leaving Rae frozen in her spot.
What? That had been totally abrupt. Why’d he have to tell her right now? The guy was off his rocker. She slowly made her way inside, shaking her head, thankful again no one knew her birthday was actually the thirteenth. It would give her a couple of days to prepare for the English Inquisition she’d have on the fifteenth.
The dance seemed to be in full swing as Rae entered through the double doors. She felt like she’d stepped back in time. The Oratory had been transformed into a ballroom during King Henry’s time. The stage on the far side resembled a castle. There were long tables with flowing linen cloth covering them and old wooden benches where students sat talking and eating grapes and other fruits. Fire-lit torches lined the walls, casting wonderful dancing shadows over the wood carvings. Between the feeling the Oratory emitted and the decorations, Rae couldn’t tell if it was the fifteen hundreds or the twenty-first century.
She spotted Molly with the girls on the other side of the hall. She sensed everyone’s eyes catch and stare as she walked across the marble floor.
What’s wrong? Crap, did my hair mess up when we walked from the dormitory? Is my dress split? She glanced down at her shoes, gave her dress a tug, and then gently patted her hair. Nothing has fallen out of place, and I don’t see any obvious problems. Did Dean Carter do some voodoo thing to me?
She’d become accustomed to the stares, but this gawking felt ten times worse – like she’d turned into some exotic fish inside a tank instead of just the freak with a bad family history. Suddenly walking became her single focus; too afraid she’d trip in her heels and end up on her face in front of everyone.
Andy stepped in her path and came to her rescue. “Stunning.” He let out a low whistle.
Nicholas came up behind him, smiling excitedly. “Rae! My lab partner, how are you this evening?” He let out a whoah-hoah.
Rae stood rooted. Thankful for the low lights, she was glad no one could see her face. “I’m good. Thanks.” Glancing behind the boys, she pretended to see Molly waving at her. “Oh, Molls needs me.” It was tempting to break into a run, but still terrified she’d trip in her heels, she forced herself to walk. Simply focusing on breathing in and out seemed about all she could handle at the moment. This attention felt so foreign.
“Everyone’s staring at you.” She could hear Maria’s soft voice inside her head. She sounded sweet and sincere. “It’s totally different than when you first arrived. It’s like they’re seeing you for the first time. You know, not the name Kerrigan, but the girl, Rae.” Maria giggled. “You should see the faces of the girls from Roe Hampton. Totally jealous! Molly’s mission is accomplished – you know she’ll never shut up about it now!”
Rae glanced up toward Maria and started laughing. Maria’s last sentence was totally true and exactly what she needed to hear to drum her out of her nerves.
“Rae,” whispered Molly when she reached them. “If you could feel the electricity in the air like I can, man-oh-man. It’s priceless. All that time I spent on your hair…totally worth it.”
“I think I’d feel like a princess tonight, if I wasn’t so nervous. These heels you made me wear are killer high.” Rae giggled. The heels were only about an inch, but having never worn anything but sandals or tennis shoes her whole life, she was not good at teetering on heels of any height. “I have a feeling the Roe Hampton girls aren’t too happy with the fact they have to share the boys now. Come on, let’s go get some punch.
A live band began setting up on the makeshift stage. Rae felt a flutter of excitement when she noticed Devon. He stood on stage chatting with some of the band members.
A pretty, blonde-haired, girl walked up on stage and put her hand in Devon’s. Rae tried to squelch the jealousy that rose in her chest. She squinted to get a better look at the girl she assumed was Beth. She had gorgeous, naturally blonde hair, with those natural highlights that made it look like it almost sparkled in the lights, and it sat poker straight across her shoulders. The kind of hair celebrities had in magazines that you never believed actually existed. Could hair really by that shiny?
Her eyes traveled down Beth’s body. She had olive-colored skin that probably stayed tanned all winter long. Miss Perfect Body wore a strapless, designer dress. If Rae ever tried to wear something similar, it would fall down as she had nothing on top to hold it up. Beth, on the other hand, had plenty to keep the dress, and seemingly Devon, in place.
Rae sighed in defeat. She couldn’t compete with someone like that. How could she?
Andy appeared at her side, offering a glass of punch. “I have to tell you again how great you look. It’s, uh…you’re pretty hot.” He nodded toward her dress.
“Molly picked it out.” She purposely turned her back on the stage and Devon. She reminded herself that he wasn’t the only guy in the room and even though Andy was more big brother than big romance to her, it felt nice to be noticed.
“There’s a new James Bond movie coming out next week. D’you want to go see it?”
“That’d be fun. We could see if Molly and Nicholas want to come with us as well.” She pointed to the punch table. “They seem to be having a laugh at the moment.”
A look of frustration crossed Andy’s face. Then he smiled, like he’d just thought of something. “Except, I’m the only one of us who has a car and it’s pretty tiny.”
“Maybe we should ask Julian or Riley to come along then, too.”
“Where we going?” Riley sauntered by. He stopped directly in front of Rae, blatantly checking her out. “Wow, Kerrigan, you clean up nice. I heard some of the Roe Hampton girls bitchin’ but didn’t realize they were referring to you. It seems like we might have a bit of a competition heatin’ up here.” He elbowed Andy. “If we’re really lucky, a good catfight!”
“I’d prefer a mud fight,” Andy said. The two guys roared with laughter.
“Sooo funny.” Rae rolled her eyes. “Andy wondered if you wanted to go to a movie this weekend. We need another car.”
“Movie? As long as Andy’s not asking me out.” He smirked at the scowl on Andy’s face. “Then sure. I can drive as long as you promise to ride shotgun in my car.” Riley grabbed her hand and gave it a gently gentle squeeze but didn’t let it go. “Come on. Let’s get this party started.”
Before she could reply, Riley pulled her to the dance floor and began twirling her around to an upbeat tune the band played. Others joined them on the floor as the music continued. Molly wiggled in beside her and wouldn’t let her leave.
When a quiet song finally slowed things down, Rae expertly dodged the reaching hands of several boys and made her way toward the punch bowl. Pouring herself a glass, she stepped back toward the shadows near the wall. She planned on staying there until her breathing slowed. She leaned against the cool wood and looked around the dance floor. Devon and Beth moved in sync near the stage. Determined to make every effort to ignore them, she physically turned her attention to whoever had just come up beside her. It was Riley. Crud.
“Are you going to hide here all night when the slow numbers come on? You do realize ninety percent of Guilder is planning on asking you to dance.”
“I’m not hiding. I just needed a little breather.” Rae took another sip of her punch and realized she’d already finished her cup. She sneaked one more glance toward Devon and Beth.
“It’s none of my business, but they seem very happy together.”
“Pardon? Not really sure who you’re talking about.” Rae kept her eyes roaming around the dance floor, pretending to look through the crowd. Her heart seemed to have jumped into her throat. She tried to swallow it back down.
“Devon and Beth. They belong together. Plus, they’ve been dating for, like, ever.” Riley pushed his sleeves up, his tatù reflecting from the glittery lights. “You know, of course, Devon’s father approves of Beth. She isn’t in our circle.” Riley took Rae’s hand and pulled her toward the dance floor again. His cheetah tatù seemed like it was moving from the swaying reflection of the torch flames. “Some people frown upon inked people being together. Heck, almost everyone at the school follows the unwritten rule. There are a few of us who disagree…Why shouldn’t inked people like us stick together and make stronger talents? How can that be wrong? Shoot, royalty does it all the time.”
Rae stared at Riley in disbelief. She’d been thinking it in the back of her mind but wouldn’t admit it, even to herself. It had always felt wrong somehow. But now…What was so bad about being with someone you liked? If Devon was so determined to follow the rules and please everyone around him, then let him. Her parents had married, bore her and she felt completely fine. When she received her tatù, she’d show everyone how good and strong she could be. A new-found sense of confidence started to grow inside her.
She tucked a hair behind her ear, enjoying the soft feel of hair curling against her skin. “You’ve got a good point. What harm would it there be to in going out with someone from Guilder? Dating doesn’t mean you’re getting married. Guilder’s thinking’s as old as their buildings sometimes.”
“Exactly!” Riley spun her away and back to him, dipping her. “So, when’re you and I gonna go out?”
Rae froze in his arms, relieved when he pulled her back up to a standing position. She hadn’t been expecting that. She figured Riley’d been talking about Devon’s lack of courage to go against the grain, not angling the conversation around to hooking up with her himself. She’d gotten the impression he didn’t really like her. Surprise, surprise. But she didn’t feel the same. I have to be careful how I handle this though. Going out for lunch would be less embarrassing than telling Riley the truth, and possibly better than turning him down. “M-Maybe next weekend or something.”
“Perfect! Let’s plan on Saturday afternoon.”
She blinked. “O-Okay.”
When the song ended, Rae dashed off to grab another glass of punch, terrified Riley’d follow. She glanced back, relieved to see him dancing with a pretty blonde from Roe Hampton. She took a deep breath and considered the first part of the conversation she’d had with Riley. Rae suddenly realized that he had neatly backed her into a corner, leaving her no alternative but to say yes to his invitation. Sly move, Cheetah boy. She made a mental note to be better prepared the next time she talked to him.
“Excuse me, do you mind?” A silky soft voice interrupted her thoughts.
Realizing she still held the punch ladle, she turned to apologize. The act of contrition stuck in her throat. The airy voice that had asked her to move was none other than Beth’s, Devon’s Beth.
“Sorry.” Rae handed her the ladle, almost dropping it before quickly moving to the other side of the punch bowl. “Beth, right?”
“How do you know my name?” Beth’s eyes narrowed.
“I, um…” Rae paused, her heart hammering. “I noticed you on stage with Devon and just assumed. Everyone knows he has a girlfriend at Roe Hampton.”
“An’ who are you?” Beth didn’t seem as sweet as Devon had said. In fact her attitude screamed Queen Bee. Rae knew all about that type. They were always the ones who tried to make her life hell back home, if they didn’t ignore her. But things were different now. She wasn’t invisible anymore and suddenly, that didn’t seem like such a bad thing.
“I’m Rae, Rae Kerrigan.”
“Ohhhh…” Beth smirked. “You’re the kid who needs tutoring. Devon told me about you. Don’t you think it’s strange you made it into a school like Guilder, and you need help with your classes? Your father must be loaded or have some excellent connections to get you in.” She crossed her arms. “Maybe your mom slept with the dean?”
Rae blinked in surprise. Then Beth’s last comment about her mother sunk in. It made her livid. Wishing she had a tatù to shrink Beth into a bug she could squash with her shoe, she stiffened. “I got in on my own merit, thank you. My dad’s dead and my mother passed away as well. No loads of cash or connections. Guilder actually sought me out. I live in New York.”
Beth had the decency to appear slightly embarrassed, but only for a moment. She glared at Rae before storming past her.
“It was nice meeting you,” Rae said cheerfully, wiggling her fingers at Beth’s back. A small driftwood of guilt floated by. She’d been brought up better, but the satisfaction the look on Beth’s face had brought made it worth it.
A warm breath against her neck sent shudders down her spine. She jumped.
“Were you teasing Beth?” Devon whispered.
“Crap! You scared me.” She slapped him lightly on the shoulder. “No sneaking up on people tonight. It’s against the rules.”
“Rules? I didn’t know there were rules. Any more I should know about?” He laughed.
Rae rolled her eyes at him. “For the record, I didn’t bug Beth. She asked me if my parents had money. I told her my parents had passed.” She shrugged. “I guess she felt embarrassed for mentioning it.”
Devon’s dimple appeared. “After seeing you walk in tonight, I guess Beth’s got some issues with me tutoring you.” He grinned. After pausing a moment, he pointed to her head and quietly added, “I like it. It’s different than your usual ponytail.”
Rae touched her hair, twirling a lock around her fingers.
Devon coughed. “Well, I should probably get back over to Beth, or I won’t hear the end of it.” He sighed, his eyes traveling back and forth from Beth to Rae. His gaze lingered on her.
“Are you banned from talking to other girls tonight, or is it just girls from Guilder?” She tried putting on her most innocent face. Seems I’m not the only one with rules.
“Originally, it was just the Guilder girls, and then you walked into the Oratory looking all beautiful. When Beth found out you’re the girl I tutor, I was mainly banned from talking to you.” Devon grinned mischievously. “Personally, it’s worth the risk. However, I’d better head over before she has a coronary.”
Rae didn’t want him to walk away but didn’t know what to say to make him stay. She clenched her hands, feeling her nails dig into her palms. Beautiful…he thinks I’m beautiful…Rae was full of competing emotions.
Devon took a few steps toward Beth. A slower country song started playing and he paused. “Ahh, screw it.” He turned around, his dimple appearing on his cheek.
“Pardon?” Rae raised her eyebrows at him, wondering what he meant.
He reached for her hand and pulled her to the dance floor. “If she can’t understand I’m only trying to help a friend fit in, then she can brew.”
Like a witch. Rae’s heart stuttered faster than her feet as she stumbled to keep up with him. She suddenly felt lightheaded, his warm, rough-skinned hand against hers her the only anchor she knew. She wondered if he worked out. It felt like even the tendons in his hand were super strong. If Beth stood scowling at her, Rae had no idea. She couldn’t focus on anything past Devon’s back, then his face when he turned around. He released her hand and slipped his arms around her waist, pulling her tight.
His body felt firm and muscular as she tentatively brought her hands around his neck. They fit together in all the right places. Perfect. Not too tall and her forearms rested comfortably along his chest and shoulders. She felt his upper body shake and brought her eyes up to meet his. She was shaking deep inside, as well.
Then she saw the crinkle by his eyes and realized he was laughing. Not mocking, but a guy’s way of giggling. “Wha—”
“The song.”
She cocked an ear and tried to make out what the band was playing. When the chorus started, she recognized it and smiled, whispering the words to the song. “…Things will change…People will see…The walls…la la na de da…will fall.”
“Don’t know the words? Just seems to be your song. Things changing, you knocking down some walls, you against the world.”
“Hey, you’re the one who taught me about my past. This is your fault.” She squeezed his neck lightly, loving the feel of his soft hair against her fingers.
He pulled her tight against his hips, trapping her arms against his lean chest. His eyes grew wide, but he didn’t release her. Neither said another word and too soon, the song finished.
Devon’s hands slid across her back as the last chord rang out. She took a small step back, only to bump into someone very warm and tall.
“Hey,” Andy said. “I planned to ask you to dance. You didn’t have to jump right into my arms.” He winked at Devon as he spun Rae around in a circle. “Your girlfriend seems pretty pissed.”
It seemed like it took a conscious effort for Devon to pull his eyes away from Rae’s. “Who…What? Oh shoot, Beth. I gotta go.” He slipped away before Rae had a chance to say anything.
“So,” Andy said as an upbeat slow song came from the band on the stage. “You’ve had your American cheeseburger, what about the British werewolf?”
Rae stared at him blankly. Her thoughts were still on Devon, wondering what he was doing behind her.
“The movie. You know, American Werewolf in London. It’s from, like, eons ago. Probably the seventies.” Andy’s large, sweaty, hot hands pressed against her mid back as he stepped on her toe. She couldn’t help but compare his clumsy presence to Devon’s effortless performance.
“Oh yeah. I watched that with my uncle years ago.” Rae began concentrating on keeping her tender toes from turning into mashed potatoes. She didn’t get Andy’s joke or what he hinted at.
“My bad. I’m a bit into all the werewolf movies at the moment.” Andy swung her around and Rae banged into a couple dancing beside them, earning a pair of dirty looks.
Thankfully, the song ended in time to save her toes and eardrums from Andy. He was really nice, but she just wasn’t interested. I thought he’d never stop talking!
The rest of the evening sped by. As Molly and Rae waited for Maria and Haley to come outside, they watched the Roe Hampton girls step into their bus. Unable to turn away, Rae watched Devon walk a now happy Beth to her bus, then kiss her in front of everyone. The taste of jealousy lingered in Rae’s mouth and no amount of swallowing helped.



Chapter 13
Mail

October drifted, like the leaves, into November. Her magical dance with Devon and the subsequent disappointment of seeing him kiss Beth didn’t fade so much as it became lower on her list of important things. Midterm exams kept everyone busy. Rae excelled in all her classes, pleased to send a good midterm report back home.
The week of her birthday she received a thick letter in the mail from her uncle. She dashed up the marble stairs, hoping Molly wouldn’t be in their room. Instinct told her she needed to be alone when she read it.
Rae opened the door and stopped dead in her tracks. Molly sat at her desk working on her laptop. Rae glanced around the room for an escape. She spotted her wool sweater on the back of her chair. She ran in, grabbed the sweater and turned back for the door.
“Hey, you just got in. Where’re you going now?” Molly didn’t bother to look up from her computer.
“Hi.” Rae quickly hid the letter under her sweater. Not that it mattered, Molly paid her no attention. “I’m just going to head out for a walk before dinner. For once, it’s not raining.”
“Cool. I’m still trying to fix my computer.” She hit the top of her desk with a vengeance. “I buggered it up the other day when I tried to use my tatù in the room. Stupid electricity!”
“Good luck.” Rae pulled the door shut behind her.
She trotted down the stairs and outside into the brisk air. She thought about the past week as she headed down the concrete steps. Dean Carter had come to talk to her over the weekend to remind her again he expected her to sleep in the Infirmary the night of her birthday. He said the school felt it would be in her best interest if she was there when she woke up with her tatù – a better way to help explain her ink and learn to control it. She couldn’t be sure if the dean felt it was for her benefit or for the school’s. She didn’t argue, only because it hadn’t really been a choice or a question and it didn’t really matter in the end. So, whether she liked it or not, Rae would be spending the night of the fourteenth of November at the stupid Infirmary.
She’d kept silent about the mix-up on her birth certificate. It’s the one thing I can do on my own. I’ve every right to experience this the way I want, like everyone else.
Striding past the buildings, she decided to take the path that led through the forest. She’d been on it a number of times in the past month, on walks with Andy, Riley and Nicholas. She felt like a broken record, always maintaining she just wanted to be friends with each of them. Each said they understood but continued to vie for her attention. Even reminding them of the unwritten code didn’t seem to deter them. It soon got tiring trying not to hurt anyone’s feelings.
As she headed toward the forest, she contemplated telling Devon the truth about her birthday. After all, it would be nice to have one person she could completely confide in. Checking her watch, she stumbled, realizing her birthday fell on Friday – the thirteenth. No way would she tell Devon. Plus if he got caught knowing, Dean Carter would probably have his head on a platter and she didn’t want to leave him in that situation.
Rae entered into the quiet forest, continuing on the path until she came to the first park bench and plopped down. The cool wind turned into a light breeze inside the forest. The temperature actually felt a few degrees warmer. Relieved no one was around, she pulled out Uncle Argyle’s letter.
Inside the large envelope were two cards. One a faded pink with creased corners and rather thick, and the other had Uncle Argyle’s quirky handwriting with a note for her to open first. She tore the backing, pulling the card out. A single sheet of paper lay inside, again in the quirky writing.

Dear Rae,
I thought to write or phone you many times. I simply did not have the courage to answer your questions. I’m sorry for that. I promised your mother a long time ago I wouldn’t tell you about your ink until the right time. It never seemed to be the right time. When Guilder offered me the chance to have them explain, I believed that was in your best interest. The school knows how to tell you, and the students are whom you’d need to be around. I’m sure you’ve learned about your mother and me. Please do not think ill of me. I never once felt jealous of your mom, and I tried to help her as much as I could. Your mother was very special, and it broke me when she fell in love with your father. I was frustrated with her and kept telling her she’d be making the biggest mistake of her life. I should have done more but, as always, I lacked the courage. When you were born, you became her lesson of love. You were worth everything she had sacrificed and endured.
I hope you’re able to remember her and recall how much she loved you. Your father had other plans and grew furious when she refused to give him another child – the son he so desired. She knew something was going to come to pass. She sent me a letter to ask me to take care of you should anything happen. She also sent an envelope I should give you on your sixteenth birthday. I’ve enclosed it with this letter.
Your aunt and I wish you a wonderful birthday. Aunt Linda knows nothing about the ink-stamp, as I have never told her.
I fear for you and what your ink might be. You are a smart girl and I see so much of your mother in you. However, I repeat the words I told you before you left:
You can’t undo the past. The sins of the father are the sins of the son. I wish you all the best as you figure out your talents and find out who you are.
Sincerely,
Your uncle Argyle

Rae sat staring at the letter for a long time. It took all her courage to turn to the decade-old envelope beside her. Inside were the last words her mother had wanted to tell her, the last piece of advice she would ever give Rae. Tears welled up in her eyes for the mother she’d lost. It felt like she was losing her mom all over again. However, this time she knew what she’d be missing and how much it hurt.
Wishing desperately her mother could be here with her now, she tried to swallow the lump in her throat. Her uncle’s letter brought little comfort. No surprise, it’s typical of him.
What if she turned into something bad, something evil? Maybe it would be better if she weren’t on her own. What if I hurt Molly? Even by mistake it could be serious.
She understood from her lessons the ink’s powers would grow with her. It would be weak when it was born and would take time to strengthen within her. So she had assumed all this time that she wouldn’t be a danger to anybody. What if she were wrong?
Rae shook her head, confused and unsure what to think or do. She debated about waiting to open her mother’s card until Friday. She stood and paced around the bench. Blowing her bangs away from her forehead, she swore. Walking in circles didn’t help.
Angry at herself for being so indecisive, she plunked down onto the bench. She ripped open the envelope, pulling the card out quickly, making it impossible to change her mind.
The cover of the card froze Rae in her tracks. It was very pretty, something a young child would like – something she had loved as a kid. Instantly the tears fell and no amount of blinking could stop them. Loads of sparkles in different shades of pink covered the card, with a beautiful princess in the middle.
When she was five and six she loved to color and do crafts with sparkles, glitter glue and markers. She always used pinks. Her mom would hang everything up in the conservatory. The memory brought on a fresh flood of tears. After the fire she never used the color pink and seldom did crafts or coloring, unless she had to at school. She swallowed, wiping her eyes and exhaling a long breath. With shaking hands, she reverently opened the card. Inside sat a letter in her mother’s neat cursive. She remembered that writing. When she was little, she had thought it the most beautiful writing in the world. Taking another deep breath, Rae slowly read the page, trying to absorb everything straight into her heart, to a secret place where she could keep it all safe forever.

My Dearest Rae,
Happy 16th Birthday, love!
It seems surreal I’m writing this letter to you now, as you sit here beside me drawing a picture, and only six years old. I don’t want to write this, but when something happens, I want to be able to explain to my daughter the choices I’ve made in my life. I also want you to know I am very proud of you.
I’m sorry I’m not there to be with you when you receive your ink. I’ve wondered so often what your gift will be. You’re such a beautiful, talented little girl right now. I’m assured you will have that same inner beauty and talent go into your ink. I pray you will have the splendor and goodness from my gift and the capability of your father’s.
I have asked Argyle to tell you nothing, unless he has to, or until you are close to sixteen. I’m sorry I never told you about the tatù, but your unknowing will have saved your life more times than you will ever understand.
You will, by now, know what kind of man your father was. I’m sorry I didn’t see his true self at first, and sorry again that I couldn’t change him. I loved him once, despite his faults. That love gave me you and for that, I have no regrets. I may not have been able to help him, but I am able to save you.
FLAMES TO DUST. That is what my father taught me of my ink. That was my destiny – my destiny, Rae, so that you will live. Others will see this differently, but never lose sight of the bare truth – you would live and become what you are meant to be – that is YOUR destiny. One day, I hope Argyle will tell you about your grandfather.
Always stand tall and walk proud, Rae. You have such wonderful promise and I know, difficult as it may be, you’ll find your way. Your father’s demons will try to tempt you, but don’t listen. You’re going to be more powerful than your father ever was and that is why he fears you. The wrong temptations will challenge you, but every time you don’t give in to them, you’ll strengthen your gift. You have a tough road ahead of you, but I know you’ll create your own path and make your own stamps in life. Don’t ever lose sight of that, and know that you are special.
Through you, I will always shine. My tatù is a sun and that is why I named you Rae. You are my Rae of Sun, my Rae of Hope.
I love you more than life itself,
Yours truly,
Forever,
Mother XOXOXO

Rae read the letter again and again. Her throat felt so painful and tight, she could barely breathe. No amount of swallowing made the throbbing lump disappear. She could hear her mother saying the words as if she were right beside her, whispering in her ear.
When she tried reading it again, she tenderly put the letter away, fearing her salty tears might ruin the ink on the sacred paper. Her mother had sacrificed everything. She’d planned everything to make sure Rae reached her sixteenth birthday.
Rae slipped the letters inside her coat and slid off the bench to walk.
You can’t undo the past, Rae. Her uncle’s words jeered at her as she plodded further down the path. She wished her uncle was standing right in front of her so she could scream at him. She’d curse just about anyone right now.
Glaring up to the encroaching darkness, Rae checked her watch and realized dinnertime had already started. She felt like skipping the evening meal, heading back to her room and locking the door to have a good cry. The idea of trying to hold a conversation with anyone filled her with dread.
Swearing, she turned around to head back to the dorms. With her birthday only days away, now was definitely not the time to show the professors anything might be amiss. The last thing she needed was more of them breathing down her neck, constantly monitoring her every move. She pounded the ground with each step, getting angrier and more frustrated by the moment.
Exiting the forest, she made a conscience effort to take some deep breaths. She focused on putting that anger deep inside, to use at another time. She needed to act like everything was perfectly fine by the time she got to the Refectory. Counting to five with each inhalation and exhalation, she willed herself to relax. She ran her fingers under her eyes and checked to make sure no mascara had run down or smudged.
By the time she reached the Refectory, she appeared physically calm. She nipped inside, quickly hanging her coat up before checking the seating chart. Relieved to be sitting at Andy and Devon’s table tonight, it would save trying to make conversation with Molly or trying to avoid Maria’s worried gaze.
She tried to walk inconspicuously into the hall but could feel eyes of the professors and students turn toward her. She smiled at Headmaster Lanford, determined to hide her true emotions. He nodded back, and then returned to his meal. Rae slid into the empty seat between Andy and Devon and reached for a bun. She put all her concentration into lathering it with butter.
“You’re a bit late tonight,” Andy commented.
“I went for a walk and lost track of time.” She could feel Andy stiffen as he glanced up toward the door. She followed his gaze and watched Riley enter the dining hall.
“Did you walk alone?”
“Andy! Give her a break. It’s none of your business.” Devon leaned behind Rae, punching Andy in the shoulder. Andy gave him a dirty look but grinned sheepishly at Rae.
“Sorry,” he said.
“No biggie.” Rae shrugged. “I got a letter from my uncle.” “Everything okay?”
Rae grimaced at the concern in Devon’s voice.
“Yeah,” she lied. “He sent a card to wish me a happy birthday and hoped everything’ll go all right on the day.”
“It’ll be the best day of your life.” Andy hugged her shoulders, seeming reluctant to remove his arm to eat. Rae sighed, wishing he meant it as a comforting gesture, but knowing that it was a possessive move meant more for everyone who was looking than for her. She felt like a pawn in this little game the boys played with her. But as of yet she couldn’t find a way out of it that didn’t include breaking their hearts and making her position at Guilder worse than it was.
Toward the end of dinner, Devon asked if she still wanted to get together for a tutoring session. He seemed preoccupied, so she offered him an out, saying they could resume again on Thursday. She certainly wasn’t in any state to be alone with him anyway.
Devon got up to leave as soon as the meal concluded. Rae wasn’t far behind. She slipped her coat back on, instantly feeling for the letters inside her right pocket. She panicked when she couldn’t find them. Grappling into her other coat pocket, she sighed with relief when she felt the soft paper material.
She scratched her head as she walked outside, sure she’d stuffed them into her right pocket, not the left. A large gust of wind shook her thoughts. Pulling her coat tightly around her to avoid the cool wind, she rushed to get inside the warmth of her dormitory.
It felt like forever before her wristwatch finally read nine and she could fake a yawn and big stretch as a show to Molly. “I’m exhausted. It feels like it’s been a really long day.” Which did hold some truth to it. “Molls, do you mind if we cut the lights out early?”
Molly sat at her desk, with two textbooks open and a spiral pad full of writing. “Really? I’ve got a report due tomorrow and I just started.”
Rae’s spirits dropped. She didn’t have the brain power tonight to try and argue.
Molly must have seen the look on Rae’s face. She dog eared the textbooks and began tossing stuff into her backpack. “I can go down to the library and finish this. I’ll use the computers there since mine’s still broke.” She moved to the door. “‘Night.”
Rae made a trip to the bathroom to brush her teeth and shower, all the while thinking of her mother, her sorrow, her situation and her roommate, who was turning out to be entirely more considerate than she had ever imagined. Guilt mixed with her pain, swirled her emotions into turmoil. She crawled into bed and, thankfully, drifted into oblivion before her tears flooded her pillow.
The next few days passed at a snail’s pace. The boys, as she had persisted in thinking of them, were miraculously leaving her alone, for once. She spent some quality time with Molly, making her guilt over hiding things from her roomy lessen just a bit. Even the depression over her mother’s letter began to disappear as her birthday drew closer. Happy when Thursday evening finally rolled around, Rae began to get excited to meet up with Devon. It would make the night pass quicker. Then she could head off to bed to wake up for her “secret” birthday. Opening the library door, she noticed him already waiting in their usual spot.
“Hey, how you doin’?” she whispered when she got to the table.
“I’m all right. How ‘bout you?” He grinned. “Only a few more sleeps ‘til your birthday. Anxious?”
“Anxious isn’t the word.” Rae rolled her eyes as she plopped into her seat across from him. “I’ve no idea how anybody survives this. I’ve only known about this since September. You guys’ve known basically all your lives. How is it none of you ended up in the loony bin?”
Devon threw his head back and laughed. Madame Elpis peeked in the door from the foyer outside Aumbry’s library to shoot them a dower look and shushed them, which only made Devon’s shoulders shake harder.
He finally calmed down enough to answer her. “Your comment had me picturing a large group of tatùed people in some psych ward. Could you imagine what the other patients would say?” He grinned. “They’d be telling tales of wolves and bears, or seeing people walk through walls. The psych doctors would keep them under lock and key.” He started chuckling again. “Then Madame Elpis shushed me. Could you imagine her in a psych ward?”
Rae had to hold her belly to try to keep from laughing aloud. It felt awesome since she hadn’t done it in a while. Once the moment was over, they sat quiet, smiling at each other. She gathered her courage to ask Devon something that had been bothering her since she’d read her mother’s letter.
“Devon? What d’you know about the fire?”
He looked at Rae, surprised at her sudden seriousness. He stared down at his fingers, drawing imaginary circles on the desk. After a few moments, he slowly lifted his head.
“The house fire killed your parents, and really should’ve taken you as well, but it didn’t. There’s no record of what actually happened – just that you were saved and the two other people inside the house died. Somehow you managed to escape. I’d guess it probably had something to do with your mom.” Devon shrugged his shoulders.
“I think so, too. In fact, I’m positive my mom had something to do with the fire.”
Devon’s face registered shock.
Rae gushed on, before losing her courage. “My mom made me go outside before it happened. She told me to go play in the tree house and she’d come get me. She sent me outside.
“Maybe you’re right. I only know fleeting stories and bits of adult conversation from the week it happened. I’ve read the newspaper articles but that was a long time ago. Why the sudden interest? Is it because your birthday’s around the corner?”
She debated making something up but decided the truth would be much easier than lying.
“I got a letter from my uncle and inside was a letter my mom wrote ten years ago. She asked my uncle to give it to me on my sixteenth birthday.”
“Oh…Umm…Do you want to tell me about it?” Rae watched him run his hands along the table, his knuckles pure white. He seemed more nervous than she felt. How odd, and sweet.
“Yes…No…I don’t know. There’s nothing secretive inside, or some hidden message.” She shrugged, not sure what to say. “It’s just weird she’d know to write a letter…like she knew something might happen.” Rae stared at her hands. “It just makes sense – her ink was a sun, and the sun’s made of fire…” The conclusion seemed so obvious now. But she just couldn’t finish the sentence.
Devon paused, biting his lower lip. “It’s possible. Everyone assumes your father started it and your mother was the casualty. Is it really important to you now?” He stared intently into Rae’s eyes. “What’s bothering you, if the letter isn’t so bad?”
Rae sighed and picked imaginary bits out of her clean nails. It seemed he knew how to read her without even trying. Glancing up, she quietly said, “I want to know my father’s gift. Or curse, if you want to look at it that way.”
“You’ve seen a picture of his ink, the male version of a witch – like a warlock or sorcerer. He was unique.” Devon ran his fingers through his hair. “Has no one explained this to you?”
Seeing her shake her head, he continued, “He could mimic other people’s gifts.”
“Mimic?” Rae’s eyebrows shot up.
“He had the ability to copy the ink of other people, do what they could do. You know, use their tatù.” Devon stared intently at her, as if waiting for her reaction to the news.
“You mean he could copy your ink or if he wanted to, he could turn around and copy Andy’s?”
“He had to come in contact with a tatùed person in order to imitate their gift.”
“So he could do anything then?”
“Kind of. He could copy their ink, but if he touched someone else, he’d then take over the power of that tatù. He wasn’t able to retain a gift to use again. Great power, but it still had its limits.” Devon’s eyes met her gaze and didn’t waver. “Does that make sense? Maybe Headmaster Lanford can explain it better.”
“I get what you’re saying.” Holy crap. I DO get it. “If my father wanted more power or to use his ink to his advantage, he’d need a lot of people around him so he could use their tatùs.” Rae’s mind swirled as memories pushed forward. “I remember he never seemed to be on his own. He told me the people with him were his bodyguards.”
Devon shrugged and stared at his hands. “I only know what I learned here, so I don’t know much about him. My father was assigned to watch him once so he knows a lot more than me. Sorry I’m not much help.”
“Dev, you’re a huge help! You’ve been a great friend and I’m lucky to have you mentoring me. You have no idea how much you’ve taught me already.” Gushing on as she was, Rae almost let it slip that her birthday was tomorrow. She bit her tongue just as Madame Elpis opened the library door and in a voice worthy of a drill sergeant, suggested it was time for them to finish for the evening.
Without saying a word, Devon and Rae gathered their books and walked toward the library doors, trying to hide their amused smiles. She paused halfway there and turned to him once more.
“Hey, is everything all right with you? You haven’t seemed yourself the past few days. We spend so much time talking about my past and ink-history I sometimes don’t even ask how you’re doing.” She put her hand on his arm as she spoke. Her palm tingled where their skin met, and she felt the energy of it running all the way up her arm.
He gave her his signature dimpled smile. “I’m all right. There’s some stuff I’m dealing with, but everything’s going to be fine. Just concentrate on yourself for the next few days and hurry up and get that tatù so we can start seeing the crazy things you get to do.” He patted her shoulder. “I’m not sure anymore who’s more curious to find out, you or me!”
“You’ll be one of the first to know, aside from Dean, who has me staying in the Infirmary the night before. After I’m tested and prodded like some lab rat, I’ll let you know.”
“It won’t be that bad. The school wants to help you.”
“Yeah, so I can ask any questions I might have. Right. It’s only so they can monitor my ink. I think they’re worried I’m going to morph into my father the minute I’m inked.” Rae smiled half-heartedly, trying to make a feeble joke of the situation.
“Guilder tends to know what’s best for us, so it must be a good idea, then. Not the turning into your father part but helping you out with your ink.”
“Probably.” It irked her the way he always agreed with, and followed, what Guilder thought was right.
“Madame Elpis is about to open the door again. Let’s get outta here.”
“G’night, Devon.”
He paused. “Good night, Rae.”
It would be a good night, life-changing in her opinion. It just sucks I’ve got no one to share it with.


Chapter 14
Gifting

Trying to fall asleep knowing what would happen seemed next to impossible. Rae had empathy for what Molly had gone through back in September. She wished she could talk to her now. But Molly lay snoring on her bed, and Rae had no intentions of waking her. Instead, she lay buried in her sheets, thinking about Devon’s knowledge of her father. As she grew drowsy, her thoughts stayed on Devon and she fell asleep dreaming about him. It turned out to be a night full of vibrant and pleasant dreams.
Rae felt herself waking and tried to will sleep to pull her back down. She liked her current dream. It was vague but nice. The feeling of Devon being beside her, his hand warm on her lower back, keeping her safe. She wanted to enjoy the feeling a few moments longer. However, sleep didn’t return, and the dream slipped out of her grasp. Lifting her head to check the time, she suddenly remembered what day it was.
Tempted to jump off the bed and rush to the mirror, she had to fight to control herself. Rae settled for trying to tell if anything felt different inside her. She started cataloguing every twinge, twitch and pulse searching for something that might stand out.
Molly’s alarm stopped her train of thought. She watched Molly, still lying prone on the bed with her eyes closed, hit the nightstand and then the wall with the back of her hand.
The light went on without the switch even being touched. Impressed, Rae realized Molly was getting better with using her ink. The last time she’d tried that trick she’d blown out all the fuses in the building. Madame Elpis went around with crazy hair that day because she couldn’t use her hair dryer to tame it. Since all the other residents of Aumbry house had been in the same predicament, no one had laughed. Molly had gone on about her business as if nothing were wrong. The memory made Rae smile.
Molly groaned and slowly sat up, rubbing her face. Rae quickly shut her eyes and pretended to still be asleep. She heard Molly stumble to the closet and grab her toiletries. Something heavy and soft landed on Rae’s bed, followed by an “oops.” She must’ve dropped her towel and brushed against Rae’s arm as she picked it up. Molly flipped the light switch off and shut the door.
In a flash, Rae hopped out of bed, grabbing the wall to steady herself. She flinched when she got a shock and blinked at the sudden brightness. Dummy! I hit the light switch. She rubbed her eyes. No worries. The better to see my new ink with.
Dashing to the closet, she swung the door open to the full-length mirror. She lifted her pajamas as she turned. She stared in stunned silence.
The tatù was there all right, and quite large – bigger than the other girls’ inks she’d seen. It spread across most of her lower back. On her pale, white skin lay a beautiful, unique figure with…Rae squinted to see an outline behind the ink…wings. A fairy etched in hues of pink, purple and green with glittery sparkles on the dress and wings. How in the world did it sparkle? She’d never seen anyone’s tatù glitter before?
Rae craned her neck to see it again. Below the inked girl lay an ornate design with Celtic detail and small circles with wiggly lines. Excitement flowed through her veins. They were miniature suns, part of her mom’s ink!
The tatù looked totally awesome. Not scary at all. It wasn’t some witch or warlock or sorcerer. Hers was delicate…tender. Like a fairy.
She spun around and spoke to her image in the mirror. “The sins of the father are not the sins of this daughter. I might not be able to undo the past, but I’m not being punished for something my father did!” She did a happy dance, wiggling her butt and moving her arms alternately in a pumping motion.
Today was the best day of her life. Nothing could ruin it – no proverb of truth, no Friday the thirteenth, nothing. Finally, my birthday, my tatù!
Now, she just needed to figure out how to use it. She had less than forty-eight hours before she’d have to pretend it was her birthday all over again.
Rae stopped dancing and stood perfectly still in the middle of the room. Closing her eyes, she lifted her arms and focused on every feeling inside of her, trying to determine if something felt different. She sensed a quiet buzz but wasn’t sure if it was coming from the room or inside her. “Probably just the hum in my ears from the excitement.”
A light tingling in the tips of her fingers caught her attention. Different than when your hand falls asleep, but she couldn’t figure out just how. Going back to the mirror, she took another look at the tatù.
Definitely a fairy, wings and all. Hmm…wings… Maybe she could fly or levitate. Shutting her eyes tight, she focused her thoughts on flying and slowly opened one eye to see if she’d floated off the ground.
Nothing. Not even a hint of fluttering or flying. She sighed, running her fingers through her hair. She had no idea what she could do or how to do it. If only she’d told Devon about today. At least someone could help her figure it out.
It wasn’t hard to see she had a unique ink, but were any other tatùs similar? “I gotta check at that bloody chart again.” Too bad you couldn’t look it up online…or maybe? Her laptop only needed to be opened and she’d have full access to searching.
Rae glanced at her watch and realized Molly could be back any moment. Deciding to give the ink probing a break for now, she grabbed a random pair of jeans and top from her closet.
One look in the mirror had her ripping everything off. The jeans dropped too low and the shirt would lift if she bent or leaned over. Too easy for someone to catch a glimpse of my Celtic pixie. Scrambling through her closet, she pulled out a charcoal black dress, the only dress she’d brought from New York. It was short sleeved, so she’d need a jacket, but at least no one would be able to see her tatù. She huffed and puffed doing the fastest change job of her life, trying to make sure she fully covered her ink before Molly returned. Finally the last thing she needed to do was fix her hair. Hmm…up or down?
Hair down, she held two barrettes in her mouth and pulled the sides up to clip it out of her face. Laughing to herself, she added a few of the butterfly wing clips she’d worn at the dance.
Molly returned just as Rae leaned close to the mirror, blinking mascara on the way Molly had shown her.
A whistle erupted from the doorway. Molly looked Rae up and down. “Wow, girl, you’re all fancy for classes this morning. ‘Bout time you started listening to my style suggestions.”
Rae almost poked her eye with the mascara brush. “I-I figured I’d dress up…since we don’t have classes on Sunday. You know, for my birthday.”
“Great idea!” Molly came and stood behind her. She touched Rae’s back, making Rae step forward and bash herself into the mirror. “Careful, you’ve got a few lose hairs stuck to the back of your dress. I like that you’re wearing you hair down. It flatters the outfit. I keep telling you that you need to dress up more often. However, it’s too cold for short sleeves.” Molly disappeared into her closet, clothes flying out and landing on Rae’s bed across the room. Molly stepped out with a short-length, beige leather jacket with a simple plaid pattern inside. “It’s Burberry. You can keep it if you want. I never wear it.”
Rae slipped it on. It went perfect with the dress.
“Thanks. I love it!”
“Consider it a birthday present.” Molly laughed.
Rae’s smile faltered. Did Molly know? Then she realized her roomie didn’t have a clue, and instead of being nervous, she felt guilty. Sheesh, if it’s not one thing it’s another. “Th-Thanks, again.”
“Don’t mention it. Now, can we head down and get some breakfast? I’m starving.”
Rae leaned over and hugged Molly. “I’m glad you’re my roomie.”
The two made their way to the Refectory. Filling their trays, Rae bumped into Maria in line, her hand banging into Maria’s as her tray slid along the aisle.
“Oops, sorry. I wasn’t paying attention.”
“It’s fine. I think you shocked me,” Maria rubbed her hand.
They sat down at their usual table. Haley sat babbling to the twins something about her family planning on going skiing in Switzerland over the Christmas holidays. She glanced at Rae, her mouth open but no words coming out. She narrowed her eyes. “My goodness, who’re you trying to impress?”
Rae could feel her cheeks heat up.
“No one.” Molly plopped down beside Haley. “It’s for her birthday this weekend. She’s wearing my Burberry coat.”
Haley rolled her eyes. “About time you get that sacred tatù the entire school has so anxiously been waiting for. Finally, it’ll be over so we can all move on.”
Rae wondered if hot tea would do permanent damage to Haley’s face if she threw her cup at the bitch. The girl knew how to take the wind out of someone’s sails, didn’t she?
“Ignore Haley,” came Maria’s quiet voice. “She’s just green with envy. She’s jealous of your looks, your personality and the way every guy in this school stares at you. You have a history to talk about. She can’t compete.”
Rae nodded at Maria, the voice invasion no longer as daunting as at the beginning of the school year. Thanks Maria, I know you can’t hear me, but I appreciate it.
Maria’s smile faltered and her eyes went huge. A glass of juice slipped from her hand. Girls sitting beside her quickly jumped up to avoid the spill. Everyone reached for napkins to absorb the orange liquid.
Maria stared at the table, extremely focused on cleaning. Without looking at Rae, she inner spoke again. “How the heck did you just do that? I have NEVER had anyone reply to my thoughts before. Your birthday’s Sunday, but you can talk to me now? Are you having some pre-power?”
Rae froze with a spoonful of oatmeal halfway to her mouth. Had she thought-spoken to Maria? She could feel the inner buzz inside of her again. Staring directly at Maria, she tried again. Panic set her heart racing, but curiosity won over.
You can hear me?
Maria nodded, still staring down.
This is crazy. Rae shifted in her chair, trying to appear like she was just eating, not going out of her mind with anticipation. I can’t believe it. Sorry I scared the crap out of you. I had no idea I could do this. She paused, debating if she should tell Maria and decided to go with her gut. Can you keep a secret? My actual birth date’s today, but everyone here thinks it’s the fifteenth. I just wanted to see what my ink was before the school started treating me like a lab rat, so I didn’t tell anyone about the mistake.
Maria smiled at her bowl of cereal. No one at the table even noticed the two of them. “It’s all right, you don’t need to apologize. You just surprised me by answering back. If I were in your shoes, I’d probably keep it a secret as well. What’s your tatù? Is it the same as mine?”
Rae found it easy to converse this way. She noticed Maria picked up her pace as well – like they were just thoughts, not words in a conversation. My ink’s different. I’m going to check the chart later. She paused, unsure if she should share the ink’s image. She liked Maria and needed to tell someone. It looks like a fairy, with wings and everything! There’s also a neat Celtic design along the bottom. She shrugged. I guess my gift’s some kind of telepathy. I thought it meant I could fly. I was really hoping, but I tried getting airborne this morning. Unfortunately, gravity wouldn’t let me go.
Maria covered her mouth to hide a laugh. “I’m glad you didn’t try jumping out your window to see if you could fly. Remember, your gift’s pretty raw at the moment. It’ll take some time to strengthen and sort itself out. You have to learn to work with it and train it. Or have it train you as some of the professors say. I’m excited for you and, to be honest, I’m a little excited for me. This’ll help improve my skill, as well.”
Rae nodded as Molly leaned over, tapping Rae’s temple.
“You listening in there? I just asked if on Sunday, after you get back from the Infirmary, of course, you want to sneak out? You know, celebrate your birthday properly?”
“Ummm…” Rae didn’t know what to say. She glanced around the table.
“Come on, be devious,” Molly said with a mischievous smile. “You’re the last of the gals to get inked. We’ll head out to the sporting fields. I’m sure we can get some of the guys to come as well.”
“That’d be a riot,” Haley said. “Except we’ll get caught on the fields. Too obvious from the buildings.”
Rae saw the disappointment on Molly’s face and just couldn’t let it stand. “There’s a clearing behind the forest. I walk there all the time.”
Molly jumped around, all excited. “Wouldn’t it be a riot?”
Haley tapped her long, manicured fingernails against the tabletop. “I’m sure Riley, or one of the older guys, could get us some festive drinks.”
Molly’s voice dropped to a whisper. “You mean, alcohol?”
Rae nodded absentmindedly. She’d been listening but also trying to talk to Maria since Molly’d poked her. Had she lost the telepathy? Or, since her gift was still new had it somehow powered down? She could still feel the electrical buzz running through her body but couldn’t figure it out.
“Rae! Yes or no to the party?” Molly poked her in the ribs, creating a shock. It actually made Rae and Molly jump apart. “Sorry! That was a strong one.”
“I’m okay.” Rae laughed, rubbing her side. “The party sounds like fun. However, aren’t we a little young to be drinking?”
Haley snorted and tried mimicking an American accent. “Well, in big ol’ America, yous peoples huv to wait ‘til yer super old, like twenty-five to drink.”
“It’s twenty-one.” No way would Rae let Haley ruin her birthday.
“Whatever. We’ll get the guys to bring the booze and those of us looking for a good time can enjoy ourselves,” Haley said.
Molly clapped her hands. “I’ll spread the word. Let’s plan on meeting at ten, once Madame Elpis shuts her door for the night.”
It wasn’t long before the entire girls’ table whispered excitedly about the prospect of the party and being sneaky. Something none of them had dared to try since arriving. They continued whispering plans as they put their trays away and started to head off to morning classes.
Maria touched her arm and began walking beside her. “Let’s make sure we’re close by each other in the Oratory today. Then we can work on your gift without anybody else knowing.”
Relief flowed through Rae when she heard Maria’s voice back in her head. She only had a few hours to do this and she didn’t want to waste any of them.
They stepped out into the crisp morning air, heading to the Scriptorium for English.
Julian caught up to them. “Hello, lovely ladies.” His eyes traveled over Rae. “Hot bod in the dress. You had our entire table in shambles. Looks like several guy’s made bets on who’s going to take you out to lunch tomorrow. Lucky you!” He laughed, giving her a warm hug.
“Thanks. I appreciate you sharing that with me.” Rae pursed her lips and let out a groan. “Now I can spend the rest of the day avoiding any males except you.”
“Who said I wasn’t in on it?” The look on his face said he was teasing her.
Haley called out to Maria. Julian and Rae continued walking while Maria waited for Haley.
As soon as they were out of earshot, Julian leaned in toward Rae. “This morning I had a drawing vision of you. I’m not trying to scare you, but I just wanted to show you. See if it makes any sense.” He pulled a piece of paper from inside his jacket and opened it up. Hand drawn, with intricate detail, a picture of Rae as a fairy lay on the sheet. The depiction of her face appeared almost like a photograph instead of a drawing.
“You drew that just this morning?” Rae stopped walking.
“No, I drew it last night, just before midnight. I’m sorry I don’t know what it means, but I wanted to show you. Can you make anything out of it?” Julian pushed a lock of hair away that had fallen across his face.
Rae shrugged, hoping her eyes didn’t give anything away as she thought about the tatù on her lower back.
“Maybe it has something to do with your birthday.” Julian folded the paper and handed it to her. “Take it.” He chuckled. “I don’t plan on hanging it up in my room. I can just imagine what the guys on my floor would say and who’d try to buy it from me.”
“Do your drawings make you money?”
Julian squeezed her shoulders in a friendly, comforting way. “You’re the sweetest, most naive girl in the entire world. How can you not see every junior and senior boy is in lust with you? The way you looked at the dance only drove them deeper. Now today, again…”
Rae started laughing. Julian was pulling her leg, trying to get her to blush. She playfully punched him in the arm. “Nice try, Juls. I’m not gonna fall for that. You can dream on if you think you’re going to embarrass me. I’ll keep your drawing, though. It’s the prettiest picture I’ve ever seen, even if it is of me.”
Julian shook his head and chuckled. “I’ve got to get to class, but I’ll see you around this weekend.” He winked before darting off to the Oratory.
She watched him go, and as she continued walking, she noticed the humming sensation again. Then the strangest thing happened. She could see where she was going but at the same time, she saw a vision of Julian. He was lying down and suddenly got up to his art easel and began to sketch. She watched him draw the same picture he’d just given her. Weird. It was like she watched him have his vision – like she’d been in the room, staring down at him. As quickly as the vision had come, it disappeared.
What the heck was that?
The rest of the morning continued with little moments where Rae could feel a bit of her gift growing, but then fizzled out. It took more work than usual to concentrate in her classes. There were times when she felt she was on the verge of grasping her ability, and then it would flutter away and leave her feeling empty. She was relieved when lunch was over and it was time to go to class in the Oratory.
Maria met her inside the hall and grabbed her hand. She immediately began talking to her by thought. How’s it going?
I keep having all these weird sensations. I tried to talk to you again this morning but couldn’t.
Maria nodded in sympathy. It’s normal. It took me over a week before I could even communicate. My father has the same ink so I knew what I was going to be able to do. I’d try and the wrong thoughts would go out or I’d scream in frustration and he’d get my scream. It’s a pretty complicated process. Don’t worry. Rome wasn’t built in a day, you know.”
Rae sighed in frustration. She only had one more day before she’d be in the Infirmary, under the watchful eye of Dean Carter and whoever else. She wanted to get this sorted out before – before they had a chance to judge her or say she was just like her father and lock her away forever.
Headmaster Lanford entered the hall, handing out a copy of the inking chart. “Students, please gather ‘round. I’d like to discuss everyone’s sixteenth birthday.” He stared directly at Rae as he spoke, and she thought she saw him wink. “Let’s discuss the process. Who wants to go first?”
While he spoke, Rae folded her sheet of paper, knowing she wasn’t going to be able to answer anything without admitting the truth. She folded the paper one more time and ran her fingers over it to make the crease tight. As she did so, she felt the paper slice deep into her skin, between her thumb and index finger.
“Ow!” She dropped the sheet of paper and turned to look at her palm. Charlie stood beside her. He grabbed her hand to see what had happened. He touched the inch-long cut lightly with his finger.
“Just a flesh wound.” He grinned. “I’d heal you if I could, but my ability only works on me.”
Rae noticed blood running down her finger. “I’ll grab some tissues from the bathroom.”
Walking toward the bathroom, the familiar inner buzz ran through her body. She kept her left hand over her right, pinching the cut so it wouldn’t bleed all over. The pinching also seemed to relieve the sting of the cut. Pushing the door open with her hip, she slipped into the bathroom and turned the faucet on to run her hand under the cool water.
She stared down at her palm in surprise. No cut. At all.
She brought her hand closer to her face, unable to even find a small lift of skin. It was like the wound had disappeared. It was like…Rae gasped and stared at her stupefied reflection in the mirror.
The cut had healed by itself.
Charlie had touched her hand, and then she’d held the cut and healed it. Her head started to spin with images and thoughts throughout the day. She’d talked to Maria this morning because…And Julian. The vision. The powerful shock from Molly had been because Molly had touched her first. She hadn’t even realized, even considered. Chemistry was easy because Nicholas had touched her hand to correct the way she held a wire.
Rae leaned against the cool limestone wall and slid slowly to the floor. She covered her face with her hands, not sure if she should cry or scream.
She’d been inked with her father’s gift. She could mimic other people’s tatùs. Her uncle had been right all along – the sins of the father are the sins of the son, or daughter. She was being punished for what her father had done. The school would go crazy with the news of her gift. They’d lock her up or send her back to New York.
Her mother had wanted so much more and now Rae was going to make her turn in her grave.
Rae sat up as she thought of her mother. Her mother’s letter had forewarned her. She knew she’d have a powerful gift. She’d also said Rae had goodness inside of her. She was her mother’s Rae of Hope.
She needed to use her gift for good. No one had ever had a inking like hers before. That was pretty obvious. No one would know what to expect, and she could hide some of her abilities. She had two days. Two mornings, two nights.
Staring up at the ceiling, she spotted a box of bandages on a shelf by the soap dispenser on the wall. Grabbing the box and ripping it open, she stuck one over the spot where her cut had been, then ran back to class. She needed to listen to everyone today and remember all of their abilities.
She sneaked back to her spot beside Charlie. Rob stood telling the other students about when he realized he could shape-shift, and immediately knowing he was an eagle. He said it took him weeks to get the courage to try to fly. When he finally did, it turned out to be the best feeling in the world. Plus, the view was amazing.
Charlie began giving his spiel of DaVinci versus the medical marking of the Vitruvian Man.
Rae listened closely to everyone, captivated by each story. She was amazed to learn she wasn’t alone. It had taken days, even weeks, for each person to figure out how to use their gift – even if their parent had had the same marking. Rae had already accomplished that in a few hours. She nodded as each person spoke, as if now hearing and understanding for the first time.
“That’s it for today,” Lanford said.
Rae looked up, shocked class was over.
“We’ll continue our discussion on Monday.” He smiled at her. “With a new ink-stamp able to share and ask questions.”
Rae began collecting her things and, as she turned to leave, had a sudden thought. She raced over to Rob and touched him on the arm.
“Hey.” Fluttering her eyelashes, she hoped she appeared coy, not stupid as she felt, “Has Molly or anyone mentioned we’re having an outdoor party on Sunday night?”
He gave her a huge smile. “Yes, she told me about it. I’ll see you there, I assume?”
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Making sure she didn’t touch or bump into anyone, she dashed out of the Oratory.
Running to the dorm, she quickly changed clothes and grabbed her backpack, throwing in a pair of jogging pants and a sweatshirt. She tore down the marble stairs of Aumbry House, rushing out the back door toward the path that led to the forest. She didn’t stop running until she reached the other side of the forest, where the open area for Sunday’s party would be. No one was around; it was completely vacant, just as she’d hoped it would be.
Dropping her backpack against a tree, she concentrated on her marking as she ran. Instinct took over. She closed her eyes and spread her arms out wide, dipping down before taking a small leap.
Everything changed in an instant. It was like she’d dropped her body…and tumbled into the soft earth, rolling. However, when she straightened, claws and feathered wings were her balance. If a bird could smile, she was grinning ear to ear. She fluttered about, managing to get up to a branch in a surrounding tree. A memory of the drive into school came flashing back. She remembered seeing a bird flying by the bus. It must’ve been Rob. Closing her eyes, she jumped, letting herself fall and arched upwards toward the sky.
Wind whipped by and ruffled her feathers. She opened her eyes, flapping her arms in excitement when she realized she was actually flying. Arching her new body toward the clouds, she glanced down and enjoyed the view high above the treetops.
She tried to let out a whoop. It sounded like a caw. She’d copied Rob’s gift and was now an eagle. How cool was that?
After half an hour of flying, Rae checked out the school from the view she had, constantly keeping an eye on the area where she’d left her backpack. No one ventured onto the path or into the small forest. Deciding it was time to head back, she flew back over the grounds one last time. She saw Julian and Devon get into Julian’s car and drive away. She noticed the twins come out of the post office and Riley head over to Dean Carter’s office. She spread her arms (wings) wide and enjoyed one last view from that height before heading back.
Focusing on landing, and then trying to shift back into human form took a few tries. She was laughing by the time she’d it figured out. Glancing down, she was relieved she’d changed clothes from her dress and had brought some spare ones along, and also that she’d managed to change all of herself back. She’d been a little worried about getting stuck with tail feathers.
Rae stood naked, her old clothes lying in tatters in the grass. She grabbed the pieces as she quickly ran back to her pack to throw the spare sweater and jogging pants on. Heart hammering furiously, she was terrified someone would see her in her birthday suit. Can’t afford to try to explain this. Then she pictured actually trying to come up with an excuse for being naked in a field, and laughed. What a scene that would be!
Heading back to Aumbry House, Rae recalled the conversation she’d had with Andy during the first week of school regarding shape-shifters. Andy had been right – Rob was the lucky bugger who could fly. The exhilaration and sense of freedom she’d experienced was by far the best thing she’d ever felt. Rob maybe the lucky bugger who gets to fly, but I am, by far, the luckiest kid in the world!
Giddy with excitement, she skipped along the pavement. She had a fleeting thought to run over to Devon’s dorm and tell him about it but remembered she’d seen him leave with Julian.
She grinned foolishly to herself as she came up with a plan. She’d touch Devon and figure out how his ink worked before she told him. Imagine the look on his face if she surprised him with that kind of knowledge! Maybe she could teach him a lesson or two.



Chapter 15
November 13 and 14

Ecstatic over figuring out her tatù, Rae couldn’t wait to tell Devon. The rest of the afternoon she touched anyone within reach, wanting to experience everything. During dinner, she looked around for Devon. Slightly disappointed she didn’t find him, she figured it didn’t matter, she’d catch up with him the next day.
Thinking about the next day and what would happen dropped her back down to earth with a resounding thud. Hopefully, Lanford would be there. She trusted the headmaster, and if they had a moment alone, she’d like to ask what he remembered about her mom. She’d gotten the impression from previous conversations that Lanford had barely known her mom. But, any information would be more than she had now.
“Have you been able to figure anything else out?”
Rae heard Maria’s voice and searched across the room for her. She sat by the wall. Maria gave a small wave before turning back to the boy sitting beside her. Amazed at how clear Maria’s voice came through from across the room, Rae wondered if Maria could communicate even further away.
How far away can you talk to someone? Same room or house or further?
“I can reach about a mile away. My father has the same gift. My family’s in Cork, so we can’t reach each other.”
Before Rae could respond, Craig, who sat beside her, touched her arm. Rae lost the ability to communicate with Maria. Her attention shifted, immediately focusing on what Craig’s ability so she could mimic it. She knew it had to do with water, but that’s all she remembered. She stared down at her plate and, using her peripheral vision, glanced at the tatù on his arm – ink art of a lake, an igloo and a cloud. A light bulb went on in her head as the buzz flew through her veins, she realized he could change the state of water from frozen to liquid or gas and vice versa.
“Sorry, what were you saying?”
“Just wondering where you were? Your body seems to be here, but I think you left your brain outside. Nervous for Sunday?” Rae felt a pang of guilt. He sounded genuinely concerned and here she was hiding her tatù from everyone.
“A little. I’m constantly thinking about what it’s going to be like.”
“It’s really cool, and kinda disappointing at the same time. You wait so long to be marked and then when the full marking is there, in plain sight, you have to figure out what it means. It’s a process – a fascinating, hair-pulling one. A process you love to hate and hate to love.”
Rae leaned back in her chair and dropped her shoulders. A dull, tight ache disappeared between her blades. She exhaled a slow breath, enjoying the feeling of letting the tension out. Obviously Craig had thought a lot about this. Might as well learn from him.
“So, Mr. Philosopher, how were you able to figure out what you can do?”
“By accident, actually. I was in the shower.” He raised an eyebrow, his eyes teasing her. “The water was freezing, so I turned it to hot. I turned it too far. Trying to avoid scalding my back, I flung the tap back the other way, accidentally using my ability in the process. I actually froze the pipes in our house.”
“No way!”
“And it was the middle of summer! My father thought it was hilarious. My mother kept calling the utility company. She thought they’d done something to the water pipes.”
Rae burst out laughing, choking on her glass of milk. She managed to swallow it back before spitting it everywhere.
Craig patted her back. “It took me a few days to get the hang of controlling the state of H two oh, but I did try some really cool and crazy experiments. Great way to make a quick cup of tea.” He held his cup in front of Rae so she could see the steam rise from the water in a matter of seconds.
Rae’s mouth hung open. “What’s the largest amount of water you’ve ever changed?”
“Coolest thing I’ve ever done on a large scale?” Craig smiled, rubbing his chin as he pretended to consider. “One time we wanted to have a scrimmage football match on a Saturday morning. It’d rained the night before, so the pitch was soaking wet. It took about five minutes, but I dried the entire pitch so we could play on fresh, dry grass.”
“You’re jokin?” She wished it’d rain right now so she could test this tatù out.
“The best part was the look on the professors’ faces when we came in for lunch a couple hours later – none of us were wet or muddy.”
“I can’t wait to try – I mean, I hope I get something like your tatù.” Whew! That was almost a major slip.
“My father can decontaminate water and works for the country’s treatment center. He’s the only one in the country who can ever save us if we run out of fresh water. He already has plans for me to work with him. His talent is handy. Mine’s boring compared to his.”
“You don’t really believe that, do you?” Rae was appalled. How can anyone think they had boring ink? That’s horrible! Rae felt a strong need to convince him that his ink was special.
“Think about it. If there’s ever a drought or serious
flooding, it’s going to be you who can aid the country, not your
father.”
Craig grinned and rubbed the top of her head. “You’re pretty cool. We were taught about your dad. You know, what he tried to accomplish, and how you were going to finish what he started. You’re nothing like what they said. You’re a good person…pretty cute, too.”
Her face burned and along with the embarrassment came a twinge of guilt. She’d intentionally started the conversation because she wanted to figure out how to use his gift, but she couldn’t wait to show everyone she wasn’t her father.
“I hope I can be half as gifted as the students here.” She played with her empty tray. “I think I’m gonna call it a night. I have a feeling I won’t be getting much sleep in the Infirmary tomorrow.”
Rae stood and cleared away her tray before Craig could reply. She wove her way through the sea of tables to the front lobby to grab her coat, keeping her head down to avoid eye contact with anyone and headed out of the Refectory.
Rushing, she bumped into Julian and fell backward, landing on her butt.
“I’m so sorry. You all right?” Julian bent down to offer his hand. “I was lost in thought and didn’t even notice you.”
“I’m fine. The fault’s mine. I wasn’t watching where I was going.” Rae let him help her to her feet. She looked behind him. “Where’s Devon?” She stepped back, realizing Julian had no idea she’d seen the two of them leave together. He had no clue she’d been an eagle. And no way did she plan on telling him either.
“I dropped him off at the train station about an hour ago. There was a family emergency.”
Her heart stopped. “Everything all right?”
“Yeah, I think so. His mom slipped on some ice by their house. It looks like she mighta broke her leg. He’s planning on coming back on Sunday’s train.”
Her heart resumed its regular beating. Devon was safe. Strange how he created such inner turmoil inside of her. I’m just a caring friend. He has a girlfriend so…I’m just a concerned friend…right?
“Rae?”
“Yeah?” She chewed on the inside of her cheek, nervous he might know she’d already been inked. He did see the future after all, so it wasn’t outside the realm of possibility.
“Be careful, ok?” It looked like he wanted to say more, but just stood staring intently at her, his eyes full of concern. He gave her shoulder a squeeze before walking off, not saying another word.
Rae shook her head, brows furrowed. “O-Okay.” Does he know? Did he see it in a dream and draw it? Wouldn’t he have said something? Did he say something already? To the Dean? With doubts and unanswered questions assailing her mind, she slowly walked back to Aumbry House.
She caught sight of a familiar silhouette at the main entrance to the dorms. “Molls!”
Molly turned and waved. “Hey! Where’ve you been all afternoon? I haven’t seen you since the end of Lanford’s class.”
“I fluttered around and lost track of time.” Rae grinned at her own private joke. “You heading up?”
“Uh-huh. I want to try to fix my laptop one more time. I had a paper due today, and the only copy I have is on the bloody laptop.”
They quietly walked up the stairs. Rae pulled her key out and reached for the lock.
“It’s not locked. I—” Molly started, bumping hands with Rae as she opened the door.
Once in their room, Rae headed to the bathroom with her toiletries. Molly settled in front of her computer. When she returned from her shower, Rae plopped onto her bed and watched Molly continue trying to jump start her computer.
Molly slapped the keyboard with both hands. “Damn it! This is so stupid.” She shoved her chair away from her desk and grabbed her bathrobe. “I need a break and a shower. I’ll try it once more after. Otherwise, I’m gonna have to stay up all night and rewrite the paper.”
Molly stomped from the room, muttering about curses and how it was all bullshit. Rae stared at the closed door and rubbed her fingers over the pad of her thumb. She’d picked up Molly’s tatù when they had bumped hands and the hum of electricity felt prickly against her skin.
Needing a book, she leaned over the bed to grab her backpack. She spied Molly’s computer and stole a glance at the door. I could give it a try...but what if it doesn’t work? “I’ll just have a peak.”
Sneaking over to the blank-screen laptop, she lightly touched the keyboard. She could feel the electricity inside of it humming against her fingers, begging to be ignited. On a whim, she lightly ran her hand overtop of the keys. The hum’s rhythm changed cadence over one spot. It seemed…out of tune or sync somehow. Rae tried rubbing her fingers together over the spot, like she was trying to smooth out the hum’s cadence. A second later, the hum became similar to the rest of the computer. The unwinding rhythm became steady. The screen lit up and Rae watched the main page start up. Surprised, she quickly stepped back from the computer. Holy guacamole! It worked! She did a quick happy dance, careful to keep quiet. Hearing a noise in the hall, she grabbed a random textbook and hopped onto her bed, afraid she might get caught.
Molly came in a few moments later, her head wrapped tightly in a towel with some fancy name-brand robe draped over her shoulders, but not tied, flopping open with each step. Rae thought she looked like a rich housewife, only missing the blue face cream to complete the effect. Rae had to stifle her giggle.
Molly sighed loudly and strode over to her computer.
“What the --?” She let out a holler and jumped in excitement. “I should’ve just hit the stupid thing a week ago!” She dropped down on the chair, clicking on the wireless mouse. “Had I known that would’ve fixed it, I’d have thrown it against the wall!”
Rae smiled and nodded, not daring to look for fear she’d burst out laughing.
The printer began whirling and spewing sheets. Molly shuffled her report and stapled it. She swung around in her chair. “It’s a shame you can’t be here tomorrow night. I’d love to be the first to see your ink. You know, before everyone else, like you did with me.” She stuffed the report into her backpack.
Rae sighed inwardly, guilt wiggling its way into the area by her heart. Good ol’ Molly. “I’d rather be here, too.”
Molly undid the towel on top of her head and started picking through her hair with her fingers. “Not to sound teacher-ish, but it’s probably a good thing you’re in the squeaky-clean infirmary. The professors will be able to help you better than anybody.” She scrunched her face and grinned. “It’s only one night. Then we’re having that outdoor midnight party.”
“Hmm…” Rae yawned, shut her book and crawled into bed. She didn’t feel like talking about it tonight. She had mixed feelings about the party, about hiding her tatù from Molly and huge stress worrying about being in the infirmary the next night, waking up to Dean Cardell poking and prodding her. Ugh! It’s too much! Thankfully Molly distracted her from the worry circling her mind like vultures.
“Hey, watch this.” Molly twiddled her fingers and switched off the light. The bed across from Rae’s creaked and the sheets snapped about. “I’m getting better with practice. G’night.”
Rae lay there in the dark, her hands clasped behind her head. She felt like she was sitting on a seesaw, constantly weighing the pros and cons of everything. Sleep eluded her but shortly after two, her brain finally gave in and let her slip into darkness.
Morning rolled in with heavy rain and dark, dreary grey clouds that looked oppressive from the dorm window. The weather matched Rae’s mood. She wasn’t looking forward to the evening. Wishing every minute would take an hour, the day rolled by much too fast. Rae tried to act like she was invisible when she sat down for dinner, not really wanting to talk to anyone.
“What’s the dean doing here? He’s never around for meals.” Nicholas pointed to Dean Carter. He stood by the fireplace, frowning.
“It’s ‘cause Rae gets inked tonight,” Haley whispered loudly.
Rae wished she could sink lower in her chair. If she tried, she’d be sitting under the table. Not an entirely bad idea. I wonder if anyone would notice.
Riley walked over during dessert and sat across from Rae. He completely ignored Andy who sat beside her, talking her ear off as usual.
“I thought we had a lunch date? I came by your dorm, but Molly said you were out.”
Oh no! Rae slapped her hand to her forehead. “Did we make plans?” She tried to remember what they’d talked about at the dance, which felt like eons ago, and only came up with a big blank. The one thing she really remembered from that night was the way she had felt in Devon’s arms when they’d danced.
“Riley,” Andy sounded annoyed. “Get a life. It’s her birthday tomorrow. She’s got enough on her plate.” He put his arm around her and rubbed her shoulder.
“Watch it, wolf-boy. I wasn’t talking to you. I had a date with Rae and wanted to make sure everything was all right.” Rae could hear the fury in Riley’s voice. It made her squirm uncomfortably. When will they stop this?
“Guys, please. I can speak for myself.” Rae tried to keep her voice low; heads were already turning their way. “Everything’s fine. I just forgot. Maybe we can go next Saturday?” The last thing she needed was to attract the dean’s attention. He’d love any excuse to have the girls eat at a separate time from the boys. And wouldn’t that just be fabulous? I’d be ostracized forever. So she sighed in relief when Riley accepted her compromise.
“Sure. It’s a date.” He emphasized the last word and shot a smug look at Andy. “Do you want me to pop by and see you at the Infirmary tonight?”
“I’m not sure if you’re allowed.” Rae leaned forward, trying to escape Andy’s over-warm arm.
“I asked Dean Carter yesterday if it’d be all right.”
Rae just barely managed not to roll her eyes. Of course he did. Backed into a corner once again by cheetah-boy, while being smothered by the hairy beast. Andy gripped the table, his knuckles white and the veins in his arms bulging. With her luck, he’d probably shift into a wolf and fight Riley right here. Rae grinned, despite her wariness. It’d be an interesting fight. Riley, with his cheetah tatù, was quick. She pressed her shoulders back. She might like the idea, but had no intention of letting it start.
“It may be kind of boring. I doubt I’ll get much sleep.” Rae hoped she sounded like she was excited. She tried to think back to how she had felt Thursday evening and all she could picture was hanging out with Devon in the library. She wished he was here.
“I’ll come by around nine. Keep ya company.” Riley winked, then stood without a second glance at Andy. He headed to the front where he disappeared into the evening dusk.
“I don’t understand how you can stand that guy.” Andy’s ears seemed to puff with steam like an angry cartoon character.
“He’s such a …a…Richard Cranium.”
“A what?” She blinked, wondering if he’d gone off his rocker.
“You know, a Richard Cranium.” He smiled, then made a face that looked like he’d been eating raw onions. “I’m trying to make up for being an idiot and make you laugh. I don’t think it’s working.”
“I don’t get it.” The name “Riley” didn’t sound like “Richard” to her.
Andy pinched his nose, closing his eyes. He mumbled, “Consider the short forms for the two words.”
“Richard, Rich, Rick, Dick…Cranium, brain, skull…Ohhhh…I get it, a Dickhead!” Rae started laughing.
“Oh, brother, I don’t even know why I open my mouth sometimes.” Andy rolled his eyes but grinned. He straightened, now happy and bright.
“I’m the slow one today. My uncle talks in riddles all the time. I should’ve jumped on that one.” She winked. “I’ll have to save that for the summer when I go home.”
“Just don’t call him one and say it was me who taught you.” He put his hands up to fend off her fists.
Rae threw a playful punch when he dropped his arms.
“Are you going tomorrow night…to the COP?”
“COP?”
“Covert Operation Part --” He paused, glancing behind her.
She froze, scared a professor had just heard and would ruin everything.
“Ms. Kerrigan, are you prepared for the change?” Dean Carter leaned forward as he drummed his fingers against the table. Oh…of course it’s him. A teacher would be good luck and that’s not what I have. Rae made a conscious effort to avoid touching him, afraid his miserable attitude or gift, whatever it was, would rub off on her.
Professor Stockheed came up behind Carter. The dean straightened and pulled on the pockets of his suit jacket. “If you have a moment, Dean Carter, I’d like to have a word.”
The dean sighed. “Of course, Professor Stockheed.” He stared at Andy and frowned before walking away with the professor.
“Creep,” Rae muttered.
“Richard Cranium,” Andy said. They both laughed.
Madame Elpis met Rae at Aumbry’s main entrance and walked her to the Infirmary.
“Have a pleasant sleep.” She patted Rae’s shoulder. “Enjoy the roller coaster ride.”
“I’ll try.” Rae instantly mimicked Madame Elpis’ tatù, watching her leave the room without turning. The headmistress’ gift was pretty handy. No wonder the woman never missed anything that went on at Aumbry House. Talk about eyes in the back of your head. Freaky!
She glanced around. It was a simple white room, like any typical hospital room, with four single beds and a crappy view from the window. The sharp scent reminded her of bleach and some sort of cheap scented cleaner. The buzz from the fluorescent lights sounded like the cicadas back in New York. She wished her uncle were there with her. Even though she was still kind of ticked at him, he was family and he cared.
Trudging to the far bed, closest to the window, Rae dumped her backpack on it and plopped into the ugly orange vinyl chair beside it. She let her head fall back to rest against the chair and put her feet, sneakers still on, onto the white bed sheets.
Dean Carter walked into the room. A lady in scrubs covered with dancing clowns followed behind him. She could sense their movements thanks to Madame Elpis’ gift.
Carter stopped at the foot of the bed and crossed his arms over his chest. A glimmer of a smile made his lips twitch. It looked like it took a great deal of effort for him. I wonder if a full on smile would make his face crack.
“Excited?” Dean Carter seemed to be attempting to have a relaxed conversation with her, but his body language seemed all wrong. Rae couldn’t figure him out.
“Sort of.” Like she was going to tell him she already knew what happens. Or that she dreaded the thought of staying here tonight. The more she thought about it, the angrier she got. “Why all the bullsh—crap? Why do I have to stay here? It’s just an ink stamp. No one else has to do it this way! It’s not fair!”
“No one ever said life was fair, only eventful, Ms. Kerrigan.”
The dean closed his mouth when Professor Stockheed and the science professor strolled in.
Rae’s eyes grew big. “You’ve got to be kidding me.” Now she felt like the monkey doing tricks at the circus. The lady with the dancing clown shirt was obviously the school’s nurse. She probably treated everyone here like they were five years old.
The dean strolled over to the newcomers, and the three men conferred quietly.
“Let’s check her back now. We’ll photograph and check every hour to see if the ink art appears instantaneously or in parts.” Stockheed reached inside his coat pocket and pulled out a digital camera. “She might be different.”
Rae froze, terrified they’d see the ink already there. She wondered if the bathroom had a window she could escape out of. She was so screwed.
Carter waved his hand. “No need. There’s no documented proof.” He coughed. “We don’t have approval.” He nodded his head at Rae.
“I’d really like to do some blood work,” the science teacher said. “I’ll call her uncle to get his permission. I’d like to see if there’s a change in her DNA from tonight to tomorrow. Let’s see if the markers on the genes differ, or if hers are unique to the others.”
“No needles,” Rae said. The men all turned and stared at her surprised, like they’d forgotten she was in the room.
“I’m just cur—” science-guy started.
“No! I’m not a lab rat. I have a say in this. If I want my genes or DNA or whatever looked at, I’ll ask.” She huffed. “It’s my ink-stamp.” Not my father’s. It took serious effort of press her lips together and not say the last part out loud.
She slid off her chair, grabbed her bag and went into the bathroom. Like any typical hospital, there was no lock on the door…and no flippin’ window. She spied the hospital gown on the back of the door, hanging on a hook. Rae snorted. No way would she wear that. If they saw her tatù before morning, they’d probably slice it right off her back to examine it. She pulled her pajamas out of her bag and changed quickly, not trusting she’d have any privacy if she didn’t hurry.
Rae planted her ear on the wooden door, trying to hear what the dean and professor were talking about. Through the wood, the deep muffled voices were impossible to decipher. She didn’t want Stockheed here. He was creepy and weird in class. Plus, she’d never figured out who left the note at the beginning of the year. She kind of thought he’d written it but wasn’t sure.
The room on the other side of the door became quiet. Rae straightened, her eyes shooting around the room. What if they were listening to her? Watching her? She quickly threw her pj’s on, ran over to the toilet, flushed it and then ran the tap to wash her hands. Taking a deep breath, she opened the door and stepped out.
Except for the beds and chairs, the room was empty. Bare feet silent on the cool concrete floor, Rae tiptoed and peered out the door down the hall. Heart thumping erratically, she went back to the bed and organized her backpack. She’d packed a book and some magazines to read and set them on the nightstand. No one came in.
She sat down on the bed, swinging her legs back and forth. Checking her watch, she slid off the cot and went to check the hall again. Empty.
“Weird.” Her voice sounded hollow against the bare walls.
They caged her here like a lab rat, but backed off their “tests” at the first sign of opposition from her? She didn’t trust it. But what else could she do?
The bed frame looked as old as the buildings. It was one of those old metal ones with a crank to bring the head part up instead of by remote. She wondered why something so lacking in technological advancement would be in a school that prided itself on providing students with the best of everything? It didn’t fit. She leaned over and flipped the handle open and began turning. The groan of protest from the hinge made her jump. She gave it a few more turns, hopped on the bed and organized her pillows. Twiddling her thumbs, she watched the door and cocked an ear for the sound of shoes tapping against the floor. Nothing.
It was mildly disappointing really. She’d been expecting something a bit more…sinister for tonight. Well…maybe they plan on doing all their nefarious deeds tomorrow? Rae sighed and tried to relax. She knew her imagination was running rampant.
Alternately curling and uncurling her toes on each foot, she sat on the bed and waited. Before long, her breathing became steady and her lids grew heavy.
I’ll just close my eyes for a moment. Focus on my hearing. A large yawn slipped out, and Rae rubbed her eyes. She could feel her head begin to bob so she rested her chin against her hand. Tired of trying to listen for the dean’s return, she grew weary and let herself slip into the darkness.
She bolted awake, the hair on the back of her neck on end. She blinked rapidly, trying to force the edges of sleep away.
“Who’s there?” She coughed and cleared her throat. She sat up on the bed and glanced toward the door. No one came in.
Kicking the sheet off her legs, she hopped out of bed. She turned her head and glanced out the window, seeing something out of the corner of her eye.
“Crap!” she screamed and jumped away from the window. She laughed when she realized the person she’d thought she’d seen was her own reflection. Grabbing her chest, she tried to stop the crazy stuttering of her heart.
“Everything all right?” A cheery voice called from the door, making Rae leap onto the bed.
The nurse stood by the door, a bottle of water in her hand. She looked as startled as Rae felt. “Sorry, dear. You’d had a visitor but he said you’d fallen asleep.”
“What? Who?” Rae sat on the bed, trying to think who’d been in. She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to feel if the hum inside her had changed. There was something new tingling through her veins but she couldn’t tell what.
“One of your classmates.” The nurse set the bottle on the nightstand.
“Devon?” Rae tapped her fingers rapidly against the bed. The hum didn’t feel right. It felt like she’d had too much caffeine, like she couldn’t possibly sit still.
“No, not him.” The nurse smiled. “He’s such a sweet boy. Riley popped in.”
Cheetah-boy. That’s why she wanted to run and felt twitchy. She wished Devon was back.
“Anyways, you try and get some sleep. It can be a long night of waiting.”
“Yeah, I know.” She froze, afraid the nurse would realize her mistake. “I mean, I went through this with Molly. Molly Skye. She’s my roommate. We, uh, she turned sixteen at the beginning of the school year.” Ugh! She sounded like Molly now.
The nurse raised her eyebrows. “I’m in the next room if you need me. Just push the button.” She pointed at the wall behind Rae. “Sleep tight.”
Rae watched her leave and then leaned back into the pillows. It seemed to take forever, but finally she felt herself drifting off. She slept but couldn’t relax. Awful visions and dreams kept her jolting awake. Awaking from the fifth or sixth horrible dream, she vowed to never set foot in the Infirmary again after this night. Turning her back to the window, she closed her eyes tight and focused on abilities she’d like to try out.


Chapter 16
November 15

Rae winced as she slowly came awake. A sharp pain in her neck let her know she’d slept on it wrong. She closed her eyes tighter, the morning sun too bright for her still-tired eyes.
She rolled over to her side and slowly let her eyes open and focus. The room was bright, but outside still looked dark. She’d never closed the curtain and forgotten to switch the lights off. Groaning, she checked her watch to see it read only a bit after five a.m. Ugh! Why am I awake?
Suddenly remembering where she lay, she shot straight up.
Dean Carter sat, elbows resting on his knees, in the orange vinyl chair. He grinned, wide awake and waiting for her. He stood and the overhead lights caught a flash against something silver he held in his hand.
Rae held her hands up and edged toward the hospital bed, Terrified and thinking that he held a gun, she wondered if she could outrun a bullet, or maybe at least get out of the way.
Slowly dropping her gaze to his hands, she realized he was holding a camera. Not wanting him to know how he made her nervous, she yawned and stretched trying to hide her fear from a moment ago.
“Stand,” Carter said. He raised the digital camera, focusing on the lens at the back.
She stared at him, letting the word sink in. She’d finally slept so heavily, her head still felt groggy, even after the scare a moment ago. The bed creaked as her weight came off. “Do you want me to smile and say cheese?” She woke fully when she realized she’d said the sarcastic words aloud.
“Not funny. Not funny at all,” The dean snapped. “Turn.”
She huffed, spun around, and lifted the back of her shirt up slightly.
“Oh blimey! What the heck kind of tatù is this? It’s huge.” The camera flashed a number of times. “This isn’t the ink of your mother or father.”
“May I see it, sir?” Rae smiled mischievously. She got a kick out of having the upper hand knowing that the dean had no idea she already knew.
“What? Yes, here, have a look.” He grit his teeth as he tossed the camera in her direction. He disappeared out of the room, his shoes clicking rapidly down the hallway.
Rae turned back to the pillows and stared at the picture on the little screen. The photo showed the tatù in full detail. What Rae hadn’t been able to notice the past two days was now seen in full view. The ink design made any real tattoo look like a child’s artwork. The fairy seemed to be grinning and watching her as she moved the camera, staring at it from different angles. She was drawn so deeply into admiring the ink art that she jumped when Dean Carter hovered over her shoulder. She hadn’t heard him return.
“What can you do? What’s your power?” He sounded frustrated.
“I-I’ve n-no idea, sir.” She stepped out of his reach, paranoid he planned to grab and shake her.
“Neither do we at the moment. Your ink’s original, like Simon’s.”
Rae froze at the mention of her father’s name.
“You’re up now so let’s get started. I want to run you through a series of tests, so we can figure the ink out.” It was not a request. It was a demand.
Rae exhaled the breath she’d been holding. Dean Carter didn’t know her tatù was like her father’s…yet. And she’d just assume it stay that way for as long as possible.
Two hours later, what had started out as a bit of fun by not showing the dean what she could do, had long since become tiring. He’d drilled questions, asked her to try things and only become more and more annoyed with her lack of favorable results. Rae figured Riley must’ve touched her in the night as she’d been able to react to certain exercises extremely fast and continued to have the overly-caffeinated feeling running through her veins. Interesting, she felt she could control it at times and then make it feel less charged inside her. My body’s still probably trying to figure out how to use this tatù.
Dean Carter picked up a chair and dropped it heavily back down. It clattered and vibrated against the floor.
Rae jumped, surprised at his frustration.
“This is impossible!” he shouted.
A response flew out of Rae’s mouth before she could stop herself. “No one ever said life was fair, only eventful.” She couldn’t resist using the dean’s words against him. “If we can’t seem to figure out much about my ability now, maybe it’s going to take some time to grow.” She wanted to get out of this stupid room.
“Don’t mock me, woman.” Daggers shot from Dean Carter’s eyes. “You’ve NO idea of my power.” He enunciated each venomous word as he spat them at her.
Rae dropped back down on the bed, suddenly terrified. He was right. She didn’t know what his ink allowed him to do. The only thing she really knew about him was that he hated women, especially her.
“Do you know what my tatù is?”
Rae slowly shook her head, afraid to speak.
Dean Carter pulled up his sleeve and showed his tatù. On his skin lay a triangle with an eye in the center.
“I’ve a very unique ability.” He stared down his nose at her. “By touching someone, I’m able to see their past. Flashes of it, and usually it’s the secrets people prefer to keep hidden. My father had the same ink and did wonders with the police in interrogation rooms, and later in the military with captured enemies. He taught me firsthand how the ink worked.”
As he spoke, Headmaster Lanford walked into the room, whistling. “Good morning! How’s our birthday student doing?”
Dean Carter stepped away from Rae and turned, a fake smile plastered on his face and his entire demeanor changed from raging to polite.
“She’s fine. Her tatù is some new, original ink.” Dean Carter tried to put the camera away, but Lanford stopped him, taking the camera from his hands to look at the picture. Dean Carter stayed very still, eyes focused intently on Lanford. “Not like her father’s or her mother’s ink.”
“Interesting…very different.” Lanford continued to study the picture as a large, toothy smile split his face. Headmaster Lanford walked over to Rae, ignoring Carter, and sat down beside her on the bed, patting her knee in a friendly, fatherly manner. “Able to try anything?”
“Dean Carter tried about a hundred different tests on me, but I’m afraid I haven’t been able to do much so far.” She wanted to hug him. She was so happy he’d come. “I figured since my ink has wings, I might be able to fly. However, no go. Something feels different. I just don’t know exactly what.”
“Hmm…well it’s good to see you’re trying.” He slapped his leg and stood. “When I learned to raise myself up, I had to focus on something outside of what I was actually trying to do. I’d stand in the center of the room and focus on a lift or elevator, something that could rise up but needed assistance.” He offered her his hand. “Would you like to try?”
“Sure, why not?” Rae got off the bed. She glanced over toward the dean. He stood with his arms crossed in front of his chest in the corner of the room by the broken chair. He had a scowl on his face, but he didn’t say anything.
Rae faced Headmaster Lanford. He held his arms out to her, palms up, so she stretched out her arms with her palms down. She closed her eyes and focused on his steady voice. She knew it’d work. She’d felt the power of his ink run through her veins when he offered her his hand. Within seconds, the two of them were three feet above the floor. When Rae opened her eyes to glance down, she felt herself begin to fall.
“Focus, Rae! Be the cable that keeps you suspended.”
She regained control of her balance and gingerly brought her body back up to his level.
“Well done.” His steady voice helped make the rest of the room disappear. “Focus on the feeling of letting go of gravity. Think back to the day in the Oratory when I lifted you. This is the same feeling, but now you’re the one controlling your own movement.” He made large circles with his arms. “Concentrate on the air. See how it appears thicker than you think? It’s thick enough to stand on and step up higher. Focus, stay focused.”
This is SO FRIGGIN’ COOL! Having walked on air for ten minutes, the headmaster decided it was time to “come back to earth”. Slowly, they sank back to the ground, with Lanford’s combover now a mess. They landed in front of Dean Carter. The dean’s scowl erased Rae’s high-spirited mood from a second ago.
“Finally.” Dean Carter threw his hands up in the air. “Women! They don’t understand anything.” He shook his head and turned to the headmaster. “I wish you’d come by at seven this morning. Would have saved us all that time of useless experimenting.” He tapped his finger against his lips. “I think this ink has more. If it was just a gravity-thing, the stamp would be similar to yours. Neither of her folks had that ability.”
“Andrew, the ink is unique,” Lanford said. “We, Rae included, won’t figure it out in the course of a day. Give her time. Everything’ll be fine.”
“Possibly.” Carter glared down his nose at Rae. “However, I think we should continue to closely monitor – sorry, teach Ms. Kerrigan how she can best use her ability or abilities, for the good of the school and her future well-being, of course.”
“I’ve already seen to it.” Lanford waved a hand. “Rae’s in my afternoon class, and there’s a very bright student mentoring her two evenings a week.” He turned his attention back to her. “Rae, it’s your birthday. Go. Enjoy your day before it’s over.”
“Thanks, sir.” She was so grateful for his presence and his pronouncement she wanted to reach over and fix his messy hair. Instead, she turned, grabbed her backpack and rushed to the bathroom to change her clothes before the dean could change Lanford’s mind.
Taking the quickest shower of her life, she dried off in record time with a crappy, stiff hospital towel. She threw on jeans and a sweatshirt, running out of the Infirmary without glancing back.
The fresh air hit her like feathers from heaven. Rae inhaled deeply, enjoying the breeze and slowed to a walk. A lovely warm wind blew and the sun shone from a cloudless sky. She headed toward the dorms, pausing when a familiar voice called out to her.
“Happy birthday!” Andy caught up to her. “I was just going to come see what was taking you so long.”
“I didn’t think I’d ever escape. The dean’s a royal pain in the arse.”
He laughed. “How’d everything go?” He grabbed her hand and squeezed it.
“All right.” Rae tried to free her hand from the sweaty one holding it. “Carter’s a pain in the rear. My tatù’s some kind of fairy. Lanford came by and was totally cool. He figured my ink has something to do with gravity.” She grinned, wiggling her hand loose. “Looks like I might be able to do some flying.”
“Trying to make me jealous?” Andy laughed, reaching for her hand again and missing. “You should tell Rob. I’m sure he’d love to fly without having to turn into a bird.”
“It’s an eagle. His gift’s super cool. I wouldn’t change that ability at all.” Rae thought back to Friday afternoon and then realized what she’d said. “I-I mean, it s-seems pretty cool. Shape-shifting. You guys are so lucky.” She forced a laugh. “I definitely won’t be turning into some fairy and sprouting wings.” Maybe…I wonder if that’s a possibility.
Andy winked and grinned. “You’d make one helluva hot fairy.” He looked her up and down. “When do I get to see this ink-art?”
Rae blushed and pulled the back of her shirt down, paranoid he might lean back and try to check it out. “Uh… I’m not much for being flashy.”
Andy grinned. “I like that about you. Anyways, you’re still coming tonight, right?”
“I wouldn’t miss it. Sort of like a pretend birthday party for all of us sixteen year olds.” She started toward Aumbry House and then turned around to ask Andy another question. “Is Devon back? I, um, was wondering how his mom’s doing.”
“He got back about half an hour ago. He said everything’s all right. She broke both bones in her lower leg, just above her ankle.” His face puckered up like it hurt him to think of it.
“Ouch! Glad to hear she’s going to be all right.” Awesome! I get to see Devon today! She started up the concrete steps of Aumbry House. “See you later.”
Rae headed inside and met Molly on the marble staircase. Molly screamed with excitement when she saw Rae. She grabbed her hand and dragged Rae up to their room.
As soon as she shut the door, Molly lifted Rae’s top. “Oh my goodness, you’re tatù’s totally awesome! By far the best ink art I’ve ever seen.” She lightly touched Rae’s back. “It almost like you painted glitter sparkles on the wings. That Celtic design’s going to look awesome when you wear jeans. You have to make sure your tatù shows off just above them.” She headed for Rae’s closet. “Wear low riders so guys can catch a good glimpse.”
Rae couldn’t stop laughing. Molly was completely and utterly nuts. Molly tossed a pair of Rae’s dark blue jeans on her bed, along with a bunch of Rae’s tops. “Start trying these on. I’ll help you find something hot to wear tonight.” She ran to her closet and threw a handful of clothes on Rae’s bed. Then she ran into the hall, calling the other girls into the room to see Rae’s tatù.
Rae had her head stuffed inside one of Molly’s long sleeve shirts when she heard her roommate in the hallway, talking to Maria and Haley.
“It’s about time a GIRL has unique ink instead of a guy. And she’s my roommate.”
The girls filed into the room.
One of the twins dropped onto Rae’s bed. She turned to Molly. “Awesome clothes. I love designer brands. How do you keep your side of the room so neat.”
Rae didn’t bother to mention it was actually her side.
“Riley and another senior boy are bringing alcohol.” Molly looked like she’d been dying to tell the secret for days.
“There’s no drinking on school property.” Aiden was the twin on Rae’s bed.
“Riley said where the forest ends, and the open field begins, is the end of Guilder’s property. So even if we get caught, we technically can’t get into too much trouble.”
I’m not touching the stuff, either way. Rae grinned. After dealing with Dean Carter, she’d take Molly’s verbal diarrhea any day.
“Rae Kerrigan,” Molly shouted. “I know exactly what you are thinking and you’re wrong! You are going to have one drink.” She pointed her finger at Rae. “You don’t have to get drunk, but you’re going to have a celebratory drink.”
Rae chuckled. “Whatever, Molls.” However, the idea of alcohol made her nervous. What if she started blabbing about knowing her ability or about her birthday date mix-up? Or worse, she said something about crushing on Devon? Too risky.
“Let’s order pizza,” Haley interrupted. “I’m hungry. I’ll call Julian and get him to pick it up. He’s a sucker.”
“Julian’s super nice and you shouldn’t use or talk about him that way!” Maria’s quiet voice came out strong and irritated.
“Sorry,” Haley said softly. It wasn’t loud, but it made Rae smile. Maria might be quiet, but she stood up for what she believed in and even Haley didn’t tread on her. Go Maria!


Chapter 17
C-O-P

“It may be November, but tonight’s really warm,” Molly told Rae as they headed up to their dorm after dinner in the games room. “Julian told me the guys are going to set torches in the ground…give it a Survivor kinda feel.” She gave Rae a once over. “I’ve the perfect top to show off your tatù…” She paused and sighed when she saw Rae’s face. “Without making it obvious you’re trying! Give me some credit here! Have I ever steered you wrong? Let me go through our stuff one more time and see what’ll match.”
“Um…Okay.” Part of her felt excited Molly wanted to help, the other part, nervous. Rae had never been flashy, but Molly had the perfect magazine look, like she’d just stepped onto the runway. They were so different. And yet, Molly had a point. She’d never steered her wrong before, fashion-wise. She seemed to have a knack for knowing what worked for Rae without making her look like something she wasn’t.
Molly rapped her fingers against the closet door as she stared at Rae’s wardrobe. “You know, besides those dark jeans I picked before, you don’t really have many clothes. Your American style is, like, a season behind ours. I really need to teach you to shop properly. If you want, why don’t you come to my place over the holidays? We can hit all the Boxing Day sales, and redo your entire wardrobe.”
Rae couldn’t believe it. “Are you asking me to spend Christmas with you?” She hadn’t planned on flying home until the summer so she was free, but she hadn’t yet considered the Christmas break and what she would do during it. And while she and Molly had gotten close since they’d met, she’d always thought maybe Molly would treat her like everyone else did when it came down to it. Yet here she was, inviting Rae-the-evil-freak to her house. Plus, staying at school by herself while everyone else went home to be with family, certainly didn’t sound fun.
“Sure, but only if you’re willing to get a new wardrobe.” Molly smiled. “You know what, I’m really glad we’re roommates. Hanging out with you is going to be a very good thing now.
Rae’s heart swelled even as she rolled her eyes. “Glad one of us thinks my tatù’s a good attention getter.” I am so lucky to have you as a roomy, Molls.
Molly bent down and disappeared into Rae’s closet. “You have those cool Converse Pink sparkly runners. Wear them.” She tossed them at Rae and disappeared into her own closet. “I have this awesome white top with a Celtic design on the side which runs over the shoulder then down a bit of the back. It’ll look perfect with your ink.” Molly chewed on her fingernail while she gave Rae the once-over. “We’re going to have to do something with your hair. It’s braided right now, but I bet if we let the braid out and add a little mousse, it’ll be fine.”
Molly dressed in a pair of black dress pants with a very expensive-looking (and chest-flattering) top. She’d done hers and Rae’s makeup perfectly. Nothing was missed. Haley tapped on their door and whispered, “Time to go.”
Sixteen girls tiptoed down the stairs, sneaking toward the back door. The twins stood by Madame Elpis’ door, giggling as Nadia concentrated on sending Madame Elpis wonderful, happy dreams. Aidan had wanted to send the dreams, but everyone had agreed that’d be a mistake.
Outside, the group relaxed and ran toward the trees.
Gale, the senior with excellent hearing, touched Rae’s shoulder. “Can you see anything?” she whispered.
Rae pointed to the dancing dots on the east side of the forest. “I think those are torches.” She absorbed Gale’s ink, loving the feeling the hum gave as it coursed through her veins. Rae’s hearing picked up instantly, as if her other senses were put on a slight dimmer and the volume was turned up so she could hear everything more clearly.
When they were free from the forest, the girls quickly dispersed among the boys who were already hanging out in the field. Rae held back among the shadows, suddenly shy.
Riley walked over and handed her a can of cider, smiling sweetly. “If you’re going to drink anything, stick to cider and take it easy.” He held his beer can up. “Cheers, an’ happy birthday!”
Rae touched cans with Riley’s and reluctantly took a small sip, surprised the bubbly cider actually didn’t taste too bad.
Nicholas sauntered over to wish her a happy birthday. He bugged her until she took a sip of his beer. The grimace on her face made him laugh and spill his tall can.
Rae chatted with him, her eyes roaming the field for Devon. Halfway through her cider, she began to relax. So, it seemed, did the other girls. Before long, they were tying the fronts of their shirts up to show off the ink art on their backs.
Rae slipped back toward the outer circle. No way I’m doing that. She heard some of the boys talking about her father and comparing her to him. No one knew her ability and she needed to remember to constantly think before saying or doing something stupid.
“Hiding out in the dark?” A voice drifted quietly toward her.
“Devon!” Rae swung around and hugged him. She pulled back awkwardly, surprised at her exuberance. She took a sip of her cider.
“Happy birthday.”
“How’s your mom?”
They both spoke at the same time.
“You first,” Rae said.
“Happy birthday. I got back late this afternoon and didn’t see you at dinner.”
“We ordered pizza.”
“Yeah, Julian informed us of his dinner with all of you.” Rae could hear the smile in his voice.
“How’s your mom? Andy told me she broke her leg.”
“She’s pretty sore, but happy that I came to see her.”
“I’m sure.” Who wouldn’t love to have a perfect boy like you?
He coughed. “I, uh, picked you out a little gift. It isn’t really anything, but when I saw it, I thought of you.” Devon pulled out a small box from his pocket and hesitantly gave it to Rae.
Her heart skipped a beat or two as she tore the sparkly wrapping paper and lifted the lid off the box. Inside was a silver cuff bracelet. She lifted it out of the box to read the line inscribed: “Follow your dreams…” She went to put it on her wrist. “Thanks. That’s really sweet of you.”
Devon reached over and held her wrist. “Wait. Don’t put it on yet. You have to read the inscription on the inside.”
Rae paused, enjoying the tingling burn his fingers created against her skin. Devon’s ability coursed through her. The night suddenly became brighter, her vision spectacular as she turned the bracelet over to read it. “… But watch your back.”
Devon laughed. “With all the crap and cool stuff you’re dealing with this year, it just seemed… kinda fitting.”
“It’s awesome. I really like it.” She meant it. What were the chances he’d find something like that for her? It was perfect.
He grinned, giving Rae a quick glimpse of his dimple. “What’re friends for if you can’t celebrate an important day like today?”
A pang of guilt surged through her and she couldn’t take it anymore. She didn’t do well with lying to begin with, and having kept her own secret for so long she needed to tell someone. “I have to tell you something.” Rae wasn’t sure if it was remorse or cider talking. She decided to let the words out before she lost her courage. “My birthday was actually on Friday.” She sneaked a peek at his face. The surprised look made her babble an explanation. “My birth certificate’s wrong. My mom had me at home and when they took me to the hospital to register my birth, the doctor put the wrong date down. My mom never bothered to get it corrected. It’s not really a big deal.” She shrugged. “With this whole tatù thingie being blown out of proportion for me…I just wanted to tell you.” She swirled her empty can of cider, now wishing she had a full one in her hand.
“Your secret, not mine.” His face turned sympathetic. “I won’t tell a soul. I do think, though, if you wanted the experience on your own, Lanford wouldn’t have cared.” He motioned with his hands. “How’d it go today?”
“Fine.” Rae didn’t want to talk about it. She wanted to have fun tonight. She tried stealing a sip from her empty can.
“Can I see it?”
“See what?” Rae was about to hide the cider behind her back, thinking he’d give her crap for drinking it. Then it dawned on her – he wasn’t talking about the cider. “Oh, you mean my tatù.”
“Is it like either of your folks’?”
Rae turned and lifted her shirt so Devon could see the full ink art. “It’s pretty much one-of-a-kind.”
Devon didn’t say anything or move. Rae turned her head to look at him, wondering what he was thinking. Big pupils shone against the white of his eyes and his mouth hung slightly open. Rae had a fleeting thought of what it might taste like to press her lips against his. She ran her tongue against her teeth, trying to get the picture out of her head.
Finally Devon broke the silence. “That’s really something…it’s, uh, awesome.”
Rae felt his fingers gently touch her skin where the tatù lay. Chills ran up her spine and down her legs, making her knees feel weak. She liked the feeling.
“Did you know she sparkles? It’s almost like her wings glow in the dark. It’s, uh, very u-unique.” Devon cleared his throat and brought his fingers to his mouth, the same fingers that had touched her.
She blushed. “I didn’t know it sparkled in the dark.” Rae tried to see her back but just ended up twirling in a circle.
Devon chuckled. “She’s definitely special.”
Rae blinked. Was he talking about her or her tatù?
“Do you know how to use her?”
Should she lie or tell the truth? Take a chance… “You can’t tell anyone.” She playfully bumped his hip. “Or I’ll have to kill you. Just kidding. I haven’t figured it all out, but I think I’ve the main gist of it.” She reached for his fingers. “Give me your hand.” She’d already picked up his ability, but wanted the excuse to touch him. She held on a moment and then relaxed her hand, but Devon continued to hold hers.
She whispered, barely loud enough for him to hear but knowing the rest of the kids would not, except for maybe the senior girl with supersonic hearing. “I can see you perfectly and I know you can hear me.” She watched his face turn. “I know exactly what your abilities are now. There’s more inside of you I bet you haven’t even realized yet.” She swallowed, staring up at the night sky. “My ability is like my father’s, but different. I don’t know how it’s different yet, but I know it is.”
“Wow. I’m stunned. A little curious, as well.” Devon squeezed her hand, making her draw her gaze away from the sky and at him.
“Curious?” Rae repeated.
“Yeah, if you’ve the same ink as me at the moment, can you see as well or possibly better than me? What about your speed or agility or jumping skills?”
“Hey…are you challenging me?” She giggled. “Definitely. However, not tonight.”
“Why not?” She had the urge to take off running across the field, Devon chasing her.
“Maybe we’ll save it for a tutoring session which doesn’t include cider.”
“Wimp. I’m fine.” The corner of her lips dropped and she knew she was frowning. Hopefully not pouting.
“Sure, that’s what they all say.” He laughed, rolling his eyes dramatically. “Come on. Let’s head closer to the fire. Molly’s searching for you, and I think I need to grab myself one of those beers now.”
He kept hold of her hand as they walked toward the fire, only letting go when they got near the others. He grabbed a can from the cooler and popped it open.
“Very impolite of you to not offer me one.” Rae teased and then leaned over to grab herself a cider. A gasp came from behind her. Worried, she looked up. Devon stared at her marking, his eyes rooted to the spot even as Rae turned around.
“Is something wrong?” She touched her tatù.
Devon shook his head and then smiled at her. “No, nothing’s wrong. Your ink art’s very, uh…attractive in the firelight.” He took a swig of his beer and pretended to be interested in the action going on around them. “It’s seductive.”
Rae grinned, silently thanking Molly for dressing her. She popped open her can of cider and took a big gulp, not caring about anything but the fact that the way she felt at that very moment, was even better than flying.


Chapter 18
Alumni Dinner

November, like the snow, drifted into December. End of term exams were around the corner. Talk of Christmas holidays soon filled the halls of the school.
Class in the Oratory became more intense. Lanford tested each individual, pushing them to learn and understand their ability in more detail. Rae made a conscious effort to only perform skills which copied what others thought her tatù could do. She still hid the fact that she could mimic abilities like her father. It amazed her that no one caught on. She swore a red light started flashing over her head each time she touched someone, even though she tried to keep it as subtle as possible.
She continued tutoring with Devon. Nothing had changed between them since the C-O-P party. She never mentioned the evening, and neither did he. The only thing they really talked about was her tatù. Only he knew her true capabilities. He promised to keep silent until the end of the year, but encouraged her to tell the headmaster, especially after reading the letter from her mom. Rae refused, but wouldn’t explain why. She wasn’t one hundred percent sure why she felt the need to keep it a secret. She told herself it was because she didn’t want to be hassled and wanted the freedom to learn her tatù on her own, like anyone else. But deep down, she felt it might be another reason altogether, she just wasn’t sure what.
The five days before the Holiday break were crammed with exams. Monday morning, Rae wandered toward the Refectory for breakfast so firmly focused on her study notes that she didn’t notice Dean Carter until she almost ran him over. He stood rigid, dressed in a long, black leather jacket, matching gloves and a pair of expensive sunglasses. “Good morning, Ms. Kerrigan.”
Like a vampire stepping into the daylight. She stifled a giggle at the thought and took a careful step back to keep distance between them. “Good morning…sir.”
She wished she’d touched Molly this morning instead of Maria. The dean would probably feel thought projection would need closer examination. Ironically, he actually needed to get his own head examined, at least in her opinion.
“Don’t forget the alumni dinner on Friday evening. You’re expected to attend. I’ve been informed you’ll be staying with Ms. Skye’s family over the holidays, so I’ve extended the invitation to her as well. She is, apparently, over the moon with the invite,” he said sarcastically. “I trust the two of you will be on your best behavior.” Rae knew it was a rhetorical question, but she couldn’t resist the urge to poke fun at him a bit.
“I’m honored to have been invited and I’ll do my best not to chew with my mouth open.” She’d rather rip a fingernail off than go, but she knew she had no choice. “If you’ll excuse me, sir, I need to grab some breakfast before my exam.”
Rae stepped wide to pass the dean, but with lightning quick reflexes, he reached out and grabbed her arm.
She froze as a new hum spread through her body. Unable to stop it, Rae felt panic settle into her core.
A vision played before her eyes. It was the morning of Rae’s real birthday, when she looked into the mirror and saw her tatù. Then the vision fast forwarded through the day, pausing when she realized her talent in the bathroom and ending on her shape-shifting back from an eagle.
The dean now knew she’d lied about her birth date and the power of her tatù. Terrified, she was afraid to move, not knowing what he would do. She’d never really trusted him and now he knew what she’d been trying so hard to hide. Rae cringed inwardly as she waited for his reaction.
Dean Carter leaned forward and hissed in her ear. “I knew something was amiss! You didn’t think I’d believe you that incapable with an ink this original?” He huffed as he shoved her arm back. “You should have told me. This may have dire consequences,” he finished ominously. Then he walked away without glancing back.
Rae couldn’t breathe right away. It took a moment for her to remember how to suck air in and her stomach churned so much she lost her appetite. She stumbled to lean against the wall of the Refectory.
What would happen now? Would he tell everyone she was like her father? She knew she had the ability to be, but had absolutely no intention of letting her father’s legacy rule her. Besides, her tatù was different from his anyway. Wouldn’t everyone see that? Not here. They’re all too blinded by the past.
Plus, they were about to find out she’d been lying all this time. She wanted to run and hide, but knew she couldn’t. She felt sick to her stomach at the thought of going back to having everyone stare at her, and treat her like an outsider or a leper again.
This whole tatù business is complicating my life on a level normal teens don’t have to deal with! It’s not fair! Just a few months ago she’d been invisible in New York, living with her cryptic, riddle-loving uncle and her clueless but loving aunt, going to school and not being noticed by anyone at all. She’d been nothing special. Then Uncle Argyle had shipped her off to this place where the walls had eyes and it seemed that everyone waited breathlessly to see if she turned into a monster like her father. Special powers or no, she just wanted it all gone from inside her, to go back to being invisible. That was so much better than the alternative. Her shoulders drooped as she shuffled off to class.
Dropping into a chair at the back of the room, she pulled a book out of her bag and stared blankly at the pages, not knowing what to do next. There was no way she could focus on the test now. She sighed and closed her eyes, taking a deep breath, trying to accept the fact she was basically screwed. After all, now that the dean knew, there was no way he’d keep his mouth shut. She thought him entirely too greedy and cruel to keep her freaky ability a secret. Besides, he’d love to make her the main attraction at the Alumni Dinner and she knew it well. All her hard work to fit in here would go up in smoke at the dinner.
She wondered idly who would turn on her first once they knew. Molly? She hoped not. It would be more than she could bear. At least she knew without a doubt that Devon wouldn’t turn on her. But I can’t go through life clinging to him as my only friend in the world. She opened her eyes and stared blankly at the ceiling.
“Rae!” Nicholas came by and held up his hand. “Good luck.
I hear this one’s going to be a killer.”
She automatically high-fived him, a social knee-jerk reaction she couldn’t have stopped herself from doing. She instantly felt better with Nicholas’ gift coursing through her body, easing the weight of Dean Carter’s mental invasion. And I’m back! She managed to focus just in time for the exam.
When she finished the exam, she dashed out the door to find Devon leaning against the wall waiting for her. She skidded to a stop
“Hey! What’re you doing here?”
He smiled and pushed off the wall to stand close beside her. “You up to anything right now?”
He flashed his dimple and Rae’s breath caught. “N-No. My next exam’s in two days.”
“Lucky you.” Devon began walking toward the exit. “I’ve got a whopper of one tomorrow night.” He held the door open for her. “So, that means you’re free for the afternoon?”
“Sure. What do you want to do?” She almost started skipping. He wants to hang out with me!
“Can we do our study session now? I’ve got to study later, and Beth wants to take me out for dinner.”
Poof! Her happiness balloon just popped. “U-Umm…sure.” She glared at her shoes. “We can skip it if you want. Start up again after the holidays.” She refused to look him in the eye as she had no intention of letting him see how much the mention of Beth’s name bothered her, but then she remembered the dinner. She brought her head up. “Hey, are you going to the alumni dinner?”
“No way.” He laughed. “Good food, but so boring.” When she didn’t laugh too, he glanced at her. “Oh shoot. You’ve gotta go?” He nudged her with his shoulder. “Don’t look so worried. It’s not that bad.”
“Easy for you to say. You don’t have a rare ink.” Or an evil father, or the weight of the world on your shoulders...the list goes on.
They headed into Aumbry House, going straight to their usual spot in the library.
Devon tossed his backpack on the chair beside him. “What do you want to go over today? I’m all yours…” he checked his watch, “for the next fifty minutes.”
All hers? I wish! Rae dropped into her seat and tried to come up with something interesting to discuss. She tapped the heel of one sneaker against the toe of the other. “What do you know about the dean?”
Devon’s eyebrows came together. “What do you mean?”
“He doesn’t like me.”
“He doesn’t like anybody. He’s a miserable git.”
“Yeah, but the guy’s seriously mental. You weren’t in the room on my birthday and…and again this morning.” She stared at her fingernails, absently thinking they needed a trim.
“What happened this morning?” Devon tilted his head, his forehead creased.
Rae sighed. “I-I guess nothing. He just has a weird gift…and he t-touched me.”
“What?” Devon straightened. “How, or where?”
She glanced up and started laughing. She hadn’t intended to, but he looked so worried for her and she suddenly realized how her words had sounded. “I don’t mean like that. I just meant he grabbed my wrist.” She rubbed her temple. “It seems kinda silly now. I guess it’s no big deal. He’s just weird.”
Devon fell back against his chair and gave her a slow smile, showing his relief. “I’ve never seen his gift in action. I’d probably be freaked if he used it on me.”
“You know what he can do?”
“Something about being able to see the past.”
“It’s like a video. He can fast forward, probably rewind and pause it as well.”
Devon glanced at the clock on the wall. “Okay. Now that we’ve cleared that up. What’d you want to do?”
She knew exactly what she wanted to find out. “I want to see if there’s a link between Carter and my dad. There’s got to be some history to make him hate me.” She watched the corners of Devon’s mouth twitch. “It’s not funny. The guy knows I lied about my birthday and he knows the truth about my gift. Maybe he wanted to date my mom and she shot him down? I don’t know…”
He leaned forward. “Here’s the deal. I think you’re being paranoid. You think there’s something behind a guy who’s just a male chauvinist. If we look stuff up and find nothing, you promise to just try to ignore him?”
Rae twisted her fingers together considering the option. She balked at the idea of leaving the dean alone if they didn’t find a link. She was positive there was something that made him focus on her with such intensity. He seemed to despise all women, so maybe, the idea of her having something rare just irked the hell out of him. Plus Devon was someone she trusted completely, and he seemed to think there was nothing to find. Maybe she was making too much out of this, but she needed to know and he did offer to help. With her head still tilted down to her hands she looked up at him through the fringes of her lashes. “Fine.”
They went through the school’s enrollment, searching the Web and anything else they could think of to find a link between Dean Carter and her dad, or mom. They came up empty-handed.
It wasn’t a total loss though. Rae learned more about the bullying and other more illegal things her father had done and was shocked no one had tried to take him down. Like a modern day Hitler, his plans went undetected until it was too late to stop him. He had wanted to rule the world and, according to the documents in the files, had created a large group of followers to help him achieve his goal. He had done everything secretively. Even now, very few of his chosen entourage would admit to what they had conspired to do.
Rae remembered the men her father had always kept around him. He’d referred to them as bodyguards. She looked into that, but again came back with more questions than answers. According to the information, very little was known about his mysterious service men. Most of their names, and even some their inks were unknown. It became clear to Rae her mother had been the only one able to get close enough to her father to stop him.
It put more proof to Rae’s theory that her mother had used her tatù to start the fire. It made perfect sense. Why else would her mother have written the letter to her and made campaigns for Rae’s future if she hadn’t planned something big? Like her father’s death?
Did she sacrifice everything to save me? Rae craved answers but had no idea where to find them.
The rest of the week went by faster than Rae would have liked. She felt fairly certain she had done well on her exams, but had no real time to worry about it with the dreaded dinner looming over her head like an executioner’s axe. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t calm her nerves that night as she let Molly dress her and fix her hair.
The six students invited to the alumni dinner were required to greet the guests at the front entrance of the Refectory, as they entered for the meet-and-greet cocktail hour prior to the meal. The mess hall had been converted into an eloquent dining room. Rae, Molly and Riley were positioned at the east entrance, with Charlie and two other boys Rae didn’t know at the west entrance.
Shaking hands with each person who came through became a nightmare. She kept flipping through abilities faster than she had a chance to realize what they were. It felt like flipping through TV channels too fast to actually see what was on. The buzz in her veins became almost too intense to handle as her tatù tried desperately to mimic every one she came in contact with. She was on the verge of either having her head explode or running way, when one of the professors got on stage and asked everyone to find their seats. Rae wanted to hug him. She sat at a table with Riley while Molly sat with Charlie on the other side of the hall. She tried to remember the names of the ten adults sitting around her, but couldn’t, so she continually had to lean over to ask Riley in a whisper what their names or inks were.
Riley acted the perfect gentleman throughout the evening, even looking hot in his tuxedo. He introduced Rae to many of the alumni, got her punch and constantly had a hand on her arm or back. He never left her side. Rae was grateful for all his help, but annoyed with the over-caffeinated feeling his cheetah tatù kept giving her.
After dinner, Dean Carter rose and moved to the podium. Headmaster Lanford waited quietly beside him, absently smoothing down his combover with his hand.
Dean Carter cleared his throat, rested both hands on the podium and looked intently at the audience, making sure he had everyone’s attention before he started speaking.
“I’d like to thank everyone for attending the dinner this evening. Headmaster Lanford and I are pleased with the turnout and, of course, we are thankful for all of your support. Your financial support has been a wonderful credit to this school. It’s amazing how generous each talented individual in this room has been in giving back to the school which helped all of you to reach the incomes you’ve attained. It’s like every one of you have a secret power.” He finished the sentence with a lascivious grin.
Rae didn’t really think it was funny, but most of the adults got a kick out of the comment and laughter floated across the room. She leaned back and relaxed, expecting more stupid comments, but she froze when she heard his next line.
“It’s a credit to have the Kerrigan name back at Guilder. Many of us thought all had ended with the terrible fire. How fortunate for us, and for Rae, that Headmaster Lanford was able to locate her and invite her into the school. It’s a new experience for all to have females attending classes. From the comments our male students have made, it’s a positive improvement.” This elicited another round of chuckles in the room. Again, Rae wasn’t at all amused.
She scratched her head. Could Dean Carter be schizophrenic?
He hates having women here. She huffed. The guy obviously wanted to put on a show for the parents.
“Ms. Kerrigan turned sixteen just a few weeks ago, around mid-November.” He looked directly at Rae. “She’s inked with a very unique tatù, one which is new to all of us.” The lights dimmed as he spoke. “But she is her father’s daughter. And, it appears, has his ability.” The dean held up a small remote and pointed it at a projector set up in the back of the room.
Mortified, Rae saw her tatù appear on the big screen behind the dean. She wanted to crawl under the table to hide. The ability to teleport would be really handy right about now. The quiet murmurs of her father’s name and the whispered remorse over her mother’s tragic death burned into her brain, but the part she couldn’t stand to hear were the questions of whether or not she was “dark” like her father had been. She wished Riley hadn’t been touching her all night. She could use a disappearing tatù right now, not some hyped up cheetah. She felt trapped and needed to run.
Lanford moved in front of the podium, cutting off the Dean, and raised his hands. He shushed everyone with his words. “Thank you, Dean Carter. I’m sure the alumni are interested in Ms Kerrigan’s tatù and are concerned with her well-being.” He turned to the audience and slipped a hand into his pocket. “Rae has settled into Guilder with grace and a willingness to learn. She spent most of her first term at a disadvantage to the other students in her class, yet still managed to maintain a perfect 4.0 GPA, without the use of her tatù. She’s a very talented student. There has only been praise from her professors. Well done, Ms Kerrigan!”
The headmaster began clapping. The audience, like sheep, reluctantly joined in.
Riley leaned over to Rae and whispered, “You should stand up.”
Her face burning and her heart hammering away, Rae shyly rose. A sea of heads turned her way, making her instantly nauseous. She quickly sat back down and kept her eyes trained on her hands, refusing to look up again.
Thankfully, Headmaster Lanford changed the subject. “Now, shall we consider the new matters at hand? There has been keen interest in some upgrades to the school’s grounds. I have hopes for building a new football pitch which includes heating pipes underground so the teams would be able to play on the field year round…”
Rae listened to the crazy suggestion. Only professional football teams did that sort of thing. Then again, at Guilder, ordinary just wouldn’t do.
The remainder of the evening continued at a snail’s pace for Rae. Thanks to Dean Carter, she felt like the main attraction at the freak show. Alumni came up to shake her hand again and offer words of encouragement and also words of criticism. Again her tatù made it nearly impossible to handle the contact. Riley continued to stand by her and lend his support – emotionally and physically. By the end of the evening, Rae wasn’t sure what she looked forward to most: getting away from the alumni, or from Riley. She swore she’d never drink caffeine again.
At half past eleven, Molly found her. “Hey, are you ‘bout ready? My dad wants to get going. We’ve got a long drive to Wales and he wants to do it all tonight. I think he’s had enough socializing. He’s kind of the quiet type.”
Rae had a moment to wonder how anyone related to Molly could be “the quiet type”. The party looked like it was just beginning to liven up for the old people and Rae could have hugged Molly for finding her. She felt more than ready to leave. If she could, she’d have used Riley’s cheetah skills to peel out of there. “Heck yeah! Let’s go get our stuff.”
“I’ll walk you ladies to the door.” Riley stepped between the two of them and kept his arm around Rae’s waist. Near the front door, he leaned down toward her. At the last moment, she realized what he planned to do and quickly turned her head. Riley’s sloppy lips landed on her jawline. She had no intention of her first kiss being with him.
“Thanks for helping me out, tonight. Have a good winter break.” After gushing the words out, she grabbed Molly’s arm and dragged her outside, not caring that it was a less than graceful exit.
Molly laughed when they hit the sidewalk. “That was awesome!”
Rae glared at her. “I didn’t think he’d ever leave my side.”
Molly interlaced their arms. “Riley’s got a huge crush on you.”
“Ya think?” Rae wiped her cheek, making a sour face. It still felt wet.
“Don’t be so grossed out. The guy’s good-looking and smart. He’s also got great family connections. You know,” Molly said, elbowing Rae lightly in the ribs, “you could do a lot worse.”
“Thanks, but no thanks. I think I have enough on my plate.” Rae sighed. “I don’t really want to deal with a relationship on top of everything else.” Except with this one, totally unattainable guy with the perfect dimple…
Molly, for once, didn’t say anything. She just shook her head.


Chapter 19
Friendly Advice

The drive to Cardiff ended up taking about five hours. Not that Rae paid much attention. Her thoughts kept creeping back to Dean Carter blurting out her ability to everyone at the Alumni dinner. She stared at the back of Molly’s head as she sat in front beside her father. Eventually, Rae had kicked her shoes off and stretched out across the back seat, using her bent arm to cushion her head against the side window.
The sound of the car downshifting and the flash of street lights on the back of her eyelids woke her. She yawned and shifted, cringing when she discovered the crick in her neck.
After rubbing her eyes, she stared silently at the city of Cardiff. She checked her watch, and realized that even at three am, the city didn’t sleep. A few cars cruised the roads, either coming home or maybe heading out. Who knew? Who really cares? Rae thought, yawning again.
Molly leaned forward doing the “seatbelt sleep” – her head bounced with the motion of the car, the seat belt the only thing that kept her upright. They went over a bump and Molly’s head bobbed up and down like a fishing bobber, making Rae giggle. Molly snorted, but didn’t wake-up.
“We’re almost thar,” Molly’s dad said in his thick Welsh accent. Rae wouldn’t have understood him if she hadn’t been living with Molly for the past few months. Molly’s accent seemed barely noticeable to her now.
He flipped the turn signal on and turned right, down a street with row-on-row houses. Another turn and the houses became semi-attached and then increasing detached as they drove on, indicating a rise in home price. They finally pulled into a cul-de-sac with four large homes. He parked the car in the first driveway on the left and turned the ignition off.
“We home?” Molly croaked, popping her head up. “Thank goodness. I’m so tired.”
“Yar, yer mum set up the spare room fer Rae.” He hopped out of the car and opened the back passenger door, saying to Rae, “It’s right by Molly’s and you ‘ave yer own bathroom.” He slung Molly’s bag over his shoulder and put his arm around Molly. “Nice t’ave you back fer a bit.”
Rae leaned over and grabbed her bag and followed them in. She smiled when she heard Molly’s dad whisper to his daughter. “Everything good wit yer ink?” He snapped his fingers and a few sparks flew out of them. “Able to do this yit?”
“No, but that’s totally awesome.” Molly perked up. “Can you teach me?”
“Sure, if yer mum gives us a bit of time on our own.” He laughed, as if at some private joke. “She wan’s ta take you two to the shops ‘ommorrow.”
Rae followed them inside, a small pang of jealousy filling her. Molly’s dad seemed so sweet. Quiet and reserved, he had a kind and sincere quality about him. He obviously adored his daughter. Rae thought back to Molly’s words when they’d first met. She’d said something about her dad telling her to be careful around Rae. He didn’t seem the kind of person to be like that…maybe Molly had taken his words out of context.
Based on what she knew of her roomie, it seemed likely. Rae grinned involuntarily, thinking back on multiple instances where Molly had blown things out of proportion.
Rae took a moment to wonder how someone so loud and outgoing could come from someone so quiet and introverted. Maybe Molls’ mom would be the pushier kind. Her dad wore very nice, labeled clothes, but maybe it was Molly and her mom who did the shopping.
They carried their stuff up the large staircase, giving Rae a glimpse of the house. Everything in the house was designer and classy, looking like it had jumped straight out of a high-priced magazine. It reminded Rae of Molly’s wardrobe.
Her room, across from Molly’s, looked like it’d been a photo-shoot backdrop in Vanity Fair: Polo sheets on a high poster bed, the walls and trim painted a brilliant white. The ensuite bathroom had a shower, separate bath and sink done in silvers and lilac. Rae brushed her teeth and crawled into bed, too tired to let her brain take in anything more beyond the luxurious softness of the sheets. She fell asleep immediately.
“Rae… Rae… You awake?” Molly whispered loudly, her weight dipping the mattress beside Rae on the large bed.
Rae felt Molly’s finger touch her eyebrow a split second before her eyelid jerked open of its own accord. Her eye rolled left to right, catching Molly dressed in pajamas covered in Chanel logos, before pulling her head back. “I am now.” She considered tossing one of the five hundred thread count pillows at her friend, but it would be a shame to throw something so wonderfully soft. “What time is it?”
“‘Bout eleven.” Molly’s fingers reached beside Rae’s head and pulled at one of her curls. “You know, you would look fantastic if we lightened your hair. Hmm… maybe blonde?” She shook her head. “No, too much. Maybe some chunky highlights. Oh! You’d be like a modern day Tinkerbelle.” She tilted her head, obviously visualizing it in her mind. “I can color your hair sometime if you want. I took a class a few summers ago.”
“You took a hair class?” Rae couldn’t picture it. Her flashy, designer-labeled roomie, a beauty school girl? Maybe a dropout. Rae grinned at the cheesy Grease-Lightening comparison.
“Aced it. Even the teacher was asking me to do her hair. She said I had some natural talent for finding the right colors for people. Whatever.” She shrugged. “I thought I might be a stylist, and wanted to make sure I knew how to do people up from head to toe.” She looked around the room. “Sorry this room’s so boring. The antique bookcase, over there by the window, has a section which drops down and turns into a desk. You can set your computer up there and we’ve got wireless. Password is “tricity” with no caps or anything. Like electricity” She began snapping her fingers, staring intently at them.
Rae sat up, fluffing a pillow behind her back and leaning against the headboard as she drew her knees up. “What’re you doing?”
“My dad showed me this cool sparkly-trick, but I can’t figure out how he did it.”
“Let me try.” The words were out before Rae realized. Her eyes grew wide as she waited for Molly’s response.
“You can’t, silly.” Molly patted Rae’s hand. “My dad and I almost have the same ink.” She snapped her finger again. “I almost forgot the whole reason I came in here. My mom wants to go shopping. She’s dying to buy me some new outfits for school.” She hopped off the bed. “First we eat, then we shop.”
Rae had a bit of money her aunt and uncle sent as her Christmas present. Maybe she’d buy a new outfit as well. She also wondered if the dean’s words had sunk in for Molly. Did she get that I can copy her ability? Or was she purposely ignoring it? “I just need a shower.”
“No probs. I’ll meet you downstairs.” Molly disappeared around the door, still snapping her fingers.
Rae sat a moment longer staring at her hands. Then she got up and peered into the hallway before she quickly, and as quietly as possible, closed the door. Leaning her back against it, she tried snapping her fingers. Nothing happened. Focusing on Molly’s tatù hum, she intently watched her fingers and palm, rotating her wrist. Eyebrows pushed together, she tried to imagine the electricity flowing through her veins from her forearm and up her wrist to the tips of her fingers.
Instead of snapping her fingers, she felt the urge to flick them, and jumped when tiny little sparks flew out. She stepped away from the door and headed toward the bathroom, still practicing her finger sparklers. Cool trick! I gotta show Molls….oh wait…shoot. She didn’t know if Molly knew and the only way to find out would be to ask her. Hmmm… or maybe show her! Molly had been so nice to invite her here, and what if Molly didn’t get what the loser-dean had said and she heard it from someone when she got back from school? Rae though it might break her heart if Molly turned her back on her.
They shopped all afternoon. Molly’s mom turned out to be an older, more mature version of Molly. It made Rae giggle. The two of them headed to every shop where nothing seemed priced below a hundred pounds. It was way above Rae’s comfort zone.
The next day they shopped again, even with all the crazy holiday rush of shoppers. Molly and her mom didn’t mind. They still came home with presents for others and themselves. Rae thought it’d be nice to have that kind of money, but she didn’t think she’d bother with the crazy priced clothes. She did buy a scarf and matching gloves from Burberry and it kept Molly quiet for about half an hour.
Molly and her Mom couldn’t wait to go shopping for the Boxing Day sales. After a quiet, but fancy Christmas dinner with presents, including presents for her, Rae had no desire to shop more. The next morning, she sat at the little antique bookcase, her laptop loading. Molly stood, flipping through some fashion magazine.
“Would you mind if I just stayed in?” Rae asked.
“You’re kidding! You don’t want to go?” Molly looked confused.
“I, uh, I’d like to give my Uncle Argyle and Aunt Linda a call and just take it easy. Is that okay?”
Molly, still looking like she couldn’t figure out why in the world staying in would be more exciting than buying clothes, finally nodded. “My mom and I can get a bit of one on one time.” She turned to go, at the door, she paused. “Hey, can you do me a favor?”
“Sure.”
“Do you mind hanging out with my Dad for a bit. I meant to do something all week and haven’t gotten around to it. Maybe just have lunch with him or something?”
Rae liked Molly’s dad. He didn’t seem to care about who her parents were. Plus, she wanted to do this for Molly, for having been so nice to her. “I can do that.”
“Hey Molls?”
“Yeah?”
“Did you… um… did you get what the dean said about my tatù at the dinner?”
“What part? That the guy’s a complete dufus?”
“Well, that’s a given.” She grinned, her stomach fluttering with nervousness. “That he figured out my ability’s kind of like my dad’s?” She waited for a reaction, dreading what she might hear.
“I kinda figured your ink was something bigger, but who cares if you can’t figure it all out now. It’ll come.” She headed toward the door and turned back just before exiting. “Look at what’s changed since I got inked in September. Watch this.” She flicked her fingers and sparks flew and fizzled out. “Maybe I can teach you sometime.” She waved her hand, sparks still flying and leaving small brown burn holes in the white carpet.
Rae sat stunned, staring at the carpet. Wow, she didn’t even need me. At least she isn’t mad at me. But I wonder if she really understands? Rae didn’t know what to think. She only knew that she felt unbelievably grateful that Molly hadn’t turned on her.
When Molly left, Rae called her aunt and uncle. She spoke with them for a bit, glad to hear that they had a white Christmas, something her Aunt adored, but didn’t always get to see. Her uncle never mentioned anything about her tatù. The way Aunt Linda kept chatting over him in the background gave him a good excuse, so she couldn’t blame him…much.
After hanging up, Rae glanced at the clock and realized it was half past twelve. She headed downstairs and into the kitchen. She could hear Molly’s dad tinkering around in the garage connected to the kitchen. Rae went to the fridge and made the two of them some sandwiches and grabbed a couple of bags of crisps and some drinks.
She carried them into the garage. Molly’s dad stood bent over the hood of a perfect looking Porsche.
“Hi, Mr. Skye. I made you some lunch.”
Mr. Skye popped his head up and smiled. “Well, arn’t you a dear!” He walked over to the small sink beside the table Rae had set the sandwiches on. He turned the taps on and washed his hands, which already looked clean. He pulled two stools out from under table and indicated she should sit on one.
They sat in companionable silence for a few minutes, munching on their lunch. Eventually, feeling the need to fill the quiet void, Mr. Skye cleared his throat and said, “Har you enjoyin’ yer year wit Molly?”
Rae smiled, catching the teasing glimmer in his eye. The man obviously knew his daughter’s effect on people. “She keeps things interesting.”
“Oi! That she does. She’s always been interested on the outside stuff, but she’s got a big heart.” He patted the left side of his chest. “An’ if you haven’t seen it yet, give er time and it’ll come through.” He fiddled with a loose thread on his shirt. “Now fer you.”
“Fer…fer me?” Rae’s head started pounding. Now it comes.
He’s going to bring up my folks and tell me to stay clear of trouble.
Tell me to not tempt his daughter with evil.
“Don’t you be frettin’ about the past. It’ll catch up with yer soon enough – when yer ready. You’ve got yer hands full wit yer future. That’s what’s important.” He smiled and winked at her.
All the panic drained out of her with a rush. She had the oddest sense of calm acceptance.
“Uh, thank-you.” Rae didn’t know what else to say. That had probably been the nicest thing an adult, besides the headmaster, had said to her regarding her ability.
“How’re the boys? Are they causing you an’ me Molly trouble?”
Rae giggled. He wanted to have that talk with her. Of course he does! Molly probably had strategically told her dad just enough to not be lying and as a good father, he was hoping for more info from another source. Like my father…like a father should. She stopped giggling; she kind of needed the talk.
“There’re a few boys. None of them cause trouble.” She sighed, not sure how to say anything the right way. She had questions, and she needed guidance, a father’s guidance. She knew she wouldn’t get it from Uncle Argyle or the headmaster. She couldn’t even picture asking anyone else. The pressure and uncertainty built up inside her. Finally, when she realized she couldn’t keep it inside anymore, she blurted, “Mr. Skye what do you think of tatù people dating?” Her faced burned and she wished she could take the words back.
He stood and walked over the Porches and dropped the hood with a resounding bang, making Rae jump and regret that she had said anything. I don’t know this man, he doesn’t know me. Why didn’t I keep my mouth shut? But his words, once he spoke, gave her hope.
“You girls ‘ave it ‘arder than we did. They don’t want you ta be together, an’ yet they stick adolescents in the ‘ame room.” He tsked.
He went around to the driver’s side and sat in the seat, turning the key. Nothing happened. He stood and leaned over the door, flicking his finger at the engine. A thin white and blue line escaped his fingers.
“Jus’ be careful. As I sorta said before, you don’ want yer past to predict yer future. Stay clear of gray areas fer a wee while.”
He wrinkled his nose and sat back down in the driver’s seat to try the key again. This time is purred like a kitten. He shut it off and closed the door.
“Yer young. Have fun an’ just make sure a boy’s interested fer the right reason. Tatù or not.”
Rae decided to take his advice and leave before this happy interlude went south. She picked up the dirty dishes to take back into the house, but paused on the bottom step. “Thanks, Mr. Skye. Molly’s lucky to have a dad like you.”
He chuckled. “I didn’ choose to do something big with my ability. I choose a simple life, but wit a wife who likes to go big. Me girls, Molly and her mum, deserve their castle. I’m the one who’s lucky to ‘ave them. Jus’ do me a favor an’ keep me Molls outta trouble.” Then he added, as if having an afterthought, “An’ keep ‘er away from them boys.”
Rae giggled as she went back into the house, thinking to herself that Molly’s father knew his daughter to the bone.


Chapter 20
Personal Demons

The rest of the Winter break passed slowly with Molly and her mother taking every possible opportunity to drag Rae out shopping to stores which were so far outside of her price range, it felt ludicrous to even walk in the shop’s door. It took some time for Rae to give in, and just enjoy the company.
There were moments when Rae felt like she was looking at a Norman Rockwell painting, watching Molly with her parents. They were disparate parts of the same whole, like puzzle pieces that seemed so different, yet fit together perfectly to make a beautiful picture.
They were so perfect together, and sometimes Rae longed to have that so much it hurt. Molly always seemed to know when Rae fell into a dark mood. She would come and drag her back into the fray, until Rae felt she was no longer on the outside, that she kind of became part of their family. It was an idyllic time, a welcome respite from the stress and pressure of school. Part of her wished it would last forever; the other part couldn’t wait to go back to Guilder, to see Devon, the headmaster and to face the other students.
Eventually, Rae found herself and Molly on a train, heading back to Guilder, the golden times ended. But even with the grim and dreary environment of school, teachers, expectations and the ever-watchful eye of the dean, the one thing life at Guilder wasn’t, was slow.
The first week back at school seemed to pass faster than all three weeks of the Christmas break combined. While on vacation, she had enjoyed the privacy of not having to talk about her tatù. In fact, after having flashed through inks like a cartoon flip book at the Alumni Dinner, Rae realized having had only Molly’s ability for three weeks had been heaven.
In no time, everyone fell back in the swing of things and gossip was abundant. On campus, everywhere she went, Rae heard students talking about her tatù and the alumni dinner. She ignored the whispers, figuring she’d show them what she needed to in the Oratory.
Monday evening, Rae headed down the marble steps and into the library a few minutes ahead of eight. She passed a few seniors sitting at the front of the room. She settled at her usual table with Devon near the back.
She hadn’t chatted with him since before Christmas. Her knees bounced against the underside of the table making it shake noisily, and earning her dark looks from Madame Elpis. She got up and began pacing around the aisles at the back of the room. Rows of books lining the shelves looked like walls.
Rae dropped her head sideways to get a better view of the titles. Most of the books were old leather -bound tomes with gilt printing on the bindings. She touched one, pulling her hand back in surprise. She felt power from the book shift into her. Well that’s new. How could a book have ink power? Well, there was only one way to proceed.
Dropping her hands to her sides, and standing perfectly still, she waited for her gift to show her what power she’d just absorbed. Eyes closed, she focused on the inner hum of her body.
The library grew completely silent – aside from the steady noise of the old ceiling lights and the computers.
The urge to wrinkle and twitch her nose grew strong inside of her. Rae knew the ability she’d just absorbed belonged to a shape-shifter and immediately following the realization, came the knowledge of whose it was. She opened her eyes and sighed. “Gale, I know it’s you.” She tried to peek over top of the books. In her best sing-song voice impersonation of the Shinning, she said, “Come out, come out, wherever you are.”
Laughter erupted from the front of the room. A tiny mouse crawled between two books, one of which Rae had touched. It jumped to the floor.
Within seconds, Gale stood beside her, a sheepish look on her face. “Sorry,” she whispered. “The girls dared me to try it. I hope you’re not mad.” She looked frightened enough to turn back into a mouse.
Rae smiled and laughed, trying her best to show that she was nothing to be scared of. “Here I was thinking some book might actually be a human stuck in the library stacks. I was about to pull the book out to try to free it!”
A small, squeaky laugh erupted from Gale and she hurried back to her friends, giggling the whole way.
“What am I missin’ out on?” Devon’s voice came through the other side of the aisle, behind the books.
Rae peeked through the stacks, disappointed not to sneak a glimpse of the sexy body the voice belonged to.
“Just playing a joke on Kerrigan,” Nadia, one of the twins, called from across the room
“Except she didn’t fall for it,” Gale added. “Figured it out in about five seconds.”
Aidan appeared in the aisle. “I got her once already.” She grinned triumphantly.
“What?” Rae asked, furrowing her brow. “When?”
“The night of your birthday. In the Infirmary.” Aidan’s eyes sparkled. “I sneaked outside your window and tossed you some crazy dreams.”
“That was you?”
“Yeah, ‘til you rolled out of bed faster than the wind and stared right at me. I took off running, positive you had caught me.” She giggled. “You never ratted me out. I thought that was cool of you.”
Rae thought back to the night. All of it had been strange. “I remember waking and jumping out of bed. I freaked at my own reflection. Never saw you.” Aidan winked. “Gotchya.”
Devon leaned over Rae’s shoulder, his hand wonderfully warm on her arm. “I’d watch it. From what I’ve heard, payback’s a bitch.” His smug smile backed up his words, making Rae wonder what he was thinking.
That wiped the silly smirk off Aidan’s face. Worried eyes glanced at Rae. “Sorry. I won’t ever do it again.”
Rae couldn’t help grinning, even though she hated the nervous tension in Aidan’s voice. “No worries.”
“I-I’ll leave you guys to get some work done. We won’t bug you again.”
“Happy New Year,” Rae called out as they headed to their table, hoping she could do a tiny bit of damage control.
The girls mumbled a reply and turned back to their books.
“Sorry I haven’t had a chance to catch up with you.” Devon sat down across from her. “Things were just really busy at home. Now, it seems, just as busy here.”
“Is it your mom?”
“Nah, Mom’s doing great. Her cast came off last week. She’s wearing one of those air casts now which she can walk on and take off to shower. She’s in heaven.” Devon let out a long breath. “My father’s putting me through hell. He’s hounding me to get my applications in order for university.”
Rae’s heart stopped. She’d never considered Devon wouldn’t be here next year. She’d kind of hoped he might stick around and, if she had the courage to ask, maybe mentor her more.
“Where’s your dad pushing you to go?” Hopefully really close by.
“Cambridge. It’s his alma mater. For having a tatù, it isn’t much help in deciding what to do. I was sort of thinking about some kind of spy work for the government, maybe the Privy Council. My dad disagrees. He seems to think I don’t have what it takes.” Devon looked dejected for a moment, but quickly cleared the expression from his face. “It was just a long holiday break, and I’m happy to be back again.”
“Me, too.” Rae blushed realizing how it sounded. “I didn’t mean I was happy to have you back, I just meant it felt like a long break, and I was happy. To be back. At school.” She shook her head, wishing she had Molly’s mouth at the moment. Because I sound lame. “How’s Beth?”
“Beth?” Devon looked like he’d forgotten his girlfriend for a moment. “Oh, Beth! She’s good, I think. I haven’t spoken to her since the first week of Christmas break.” He reached over and grabbed a couple of books from the stack and flipped through one. “We broke up.”
He said it so quietly, Rae wasn’t sure she’d heard him correctly. “Oh.” Maybe he broke up with her? Yay! Or did she dump him and he was totally depressed? Poor Devon! Rae didn’t say anything else, but she harbored a tiny twinge of guilt when she realized she was suddenly in an awesome mood.
“My dad said you were the talk of the alumni dinner.” Devon’s soft brown eyes met hers. “Seems Dean Carter put you center stage.”
Rae cringed at the memory. The entire night seemed like a bad dream now – from Dean Carter to Riley’s attempted kiss. In fact, she wished it had all been one of Aidan’s creations. But, lucky her, it had all been real.
“Let’s just say I’ve no plans to attend next year,” Rae said firmly. “I’ve done my time.”
Devon laughed and held his hands up front of him. “I won’t bring it up again! I promise! Let’s try and get some work done then, shall we?”
He pulled a folder from his bag. Inside were newspaper clippings. He slid the file to her and opened the cover.
Rae looked at the black and white photo on the first page, instantly realizing it was of the fire that had burned her house down and killed her parents. She read the caption: FIRE KILLS TWO. MIRACLE CHILD SAVED.
Leaning forward, she read the article.
A combustible, deadly fire took the lives of two people: Simon and Bethney Kerrigan. Their remains were found inside their smoldering house. The cause of the fire has yet to be determined; firefighters are not ruling out foul play. Miraculously, their six–year-old daughter was found unharmed in the tree house in the yard. All trees surrounding were singed. However, the tree house mysteriously had no fire damage. Investigators are still trying to determine if she was inside the house when the fire began or if she may have seen anything that might explain the cause of the fire. The fire did not spread to any neighboring houses. The investigation continues.
Rae glanced at Devon. He nodded and turned the page to the next clipping.
SIMON KERRIGAN killed. Murder or Mistake? The man that many have come to fear and believed to be invincible is gone. His remains were located among the fire debris of his house. His wife, Bethney Kerrigan, who also died, was discovered beside him. Their daughter was found unharmed. Investigators are trying to determine the cause of the fire – possibly a mistake made by Simon or by another source outside the home.
Simon’s business associates are devastated. For this reporter, I will sleep better at night knowing Simon Kerrigan is gone. He will no longer be a threat to any of our kind or the rest of the world. Many of our readers will feel the same as I do. Let’s all hope the Kerrigan daughter has the gift of her mother, not the malevolence of her father. The six -year -old’s only living relative is Argyle McBane; his whereabouts are currently unknown.
Rae looked up, slightly confused. The second article didn’t come from a typical newspaper. It seemed pretty bold to think, let alone put down on paper that her father was the boogieman. Yet, it told her little more than what she already knew. The difference here, was that it made her feel protective about her family, flawed as it was. It still felt like her personal loss, no one else’s, she greatly disliked having anyone else comment on it, especially with the tone this article had projected. Devon seemed to read some of her thoughts. “The first article’s from the local paper. The second article is from our newspaper.”
“You mean, those who are inked?” She blinked several times, trying to absorb what Devon meant. It was difficult to accept, even though she knew it was true. People had actually feared or hated her father, and even after his death, they didn’t put much confidence in her future. They were passing the gauntlet from him straight down to her, had done so in fact, before she was ever inked. Her need to defend herself, her life, her family, both dead and alive, and her tatù grew stronger. Just a reflex, she told herself, but felt like she’d still been actively attacked. It had felt that way for a long time, and had only been growing worse. I’ve been naïve all this time to think I’d ever fit in here. She might be one of them, but she would never belong. They’ll never accept me.
She played with the zipper on her backpack. “You know, I wish I hadn’t been born. Or maybe had a brother to carry this load instead of me. It would’ve been better if it just skipped over me.”
“You don’t mean that.” Devon looked horrified. He took her hand in both of his.
“When Lanford told me you were coming, know what he said?” He squeezed her hand before releasing it. “He said you were coming to this school because of how special you are. He said you were going to need this tatù like the river needs the sea. And it would need you like the sea needs the river to survive.”
“Sounds like Lanford’s been having conversations with my uncle.” Rae couldn’t keep the sarcasm out of her voice.
Devon pressed on. “You can’t bury it deep inside and pretend it doesn’t exist. The sooner you realize that and accept it, the easier life will be.”
Rae scoffed. “Easier? You’ve no idea what it’s like to be me! Did you have newspaper articles written about you? Or an entire school and fraternity of gifted people leery of your tatù, watching your every step, suspicious of everything about you waiting for you to turn into a monster?” She ticked each point off on her fingers, her voice rising with each point. “I don’t know who my real friends are. I have an uncle who never told me the truth and a mother who wrote me a letter before she killed my father! Don’t even let me get started on my evil so-called evil father. I don’t even know if the school has me here to help me, or so they can try to protect their own asses from what I might become!” She rolled her eyes. “Sure, this ink’s awesome. I can do such wonderful things. All I need is a little group of adoring psychopaths following me around so I can mimic their abilities.” She stood, tossing the articles back at him. “How would you feel if people shrank away in fear of you and you’d done nothing wrong? Don’t give me some river-sea metaphor and try to make me feel all better – it isn’t going to change anything!”
Rae grabbed her bag and threw it over her shoulder, storming out of the library, not caring that four senior girls were staring at her, mouths hanging open. If she’d given it a second thought, she’d have given them all the bird. Too bad she didn’t notice anything outside of her inner pain.
A big part of her hoped Devon would come running after her to tell her everything was going to be all right. Rae snorted. Devon compared her to a river yet she was bloody drowning.
She stomped up the marble stairs, pissed that the marble absorbed her heavy stomps instead of making loud echoes. She wanted her angry stomps to boom like thunder through the air, because it would match her anger and her pain. She headed straight for her room, slammed the door and dropped onto her bed, punching the wall in anger. The lights flickered out.
After that night, Rae avoided Devon. It started out with her just wanting some space for a couple of days, but turned into a few weeks. Devon made no effort to try to talk to her, not even to set up further tutoring sessions, which adversely made her more determined to avoid him.
She spent a month being angry, not just at him, but at herself and the situation she’d been born into. If her stupid dad hadn’t married her mom, or if they’d had a boy first or even after her, she might never have been put in this position. Nobody would be mean, nobody would blame her for her father’s screwed up mind, she’d be…normal; an average teenager, concerned with nothing but school and boys.
She wore her self-pity like a cloak, refusing to admit it to anyone. It was easier to pretend to be hard, pretend she didn’t notice the other students avoiding her or moving out of her reach so she couldn’t touch them.
Some of the guys didn’t seem to mind this tough, wild Rae. In fact, she constantly got asked out for lunch, or for a drive, or to the movies. She said yes to everyone. It was better than sitting in her dorm room feeling sorry for herself. Since she couldn’t avoid it, she might as well enjoy the popularity of being the freak.
Her grades started slipping, but she didn’t care. She was tired of trying so hard. What good was a 4.0 GPA if people judged her by her family’s past without getting to know her at all? Things were spiraling out of control. She knew it, but had nothing to reach for to save herself.
After Oratory class near the end of March, Lanford asked her to stay behind.
“I’ll meet you in the room,” Rae said to Molly and rolled her eyes toward the headmaster.
“Sounds good. I’ll get one of the guys to drive us into town for dinner.” Molly headed out the door.
Rae turned, tapping her foot so it squeaked against the marble floor.
“How are things going?” Lanford pulled on his earlobe and then patted his awful hair.
“Fine. Things are grand.” How’re things for you, Headmaster Lanford? Having problems now that your star pupil isn’t so shiny?
“Are you sure?” He squinted at her. “Your grades aren’t looking so grand.”
Figures he’d feel the need to sit down and have a fatherly talk. She shifted her weight to her other foot and began putting her coat on. “The courses are harder this term. I’m trying to focus on learning more about my ink.”
He scrunched his nose and lifted his head to stare at her from his bifocals. “You’re a bright girl. I don’t understand what you’re trying to do to yourself.” He took his glasses off and began to clean them. “Being like this isn’t going to make your tatù go away. Nothing can do that.”
Rae stopped zipping her jacket. He’d hit the nail on the head, something no one else had even tried to do. It didn’t mean that she was ready to go all mushy and have a heart-to-heart though.
She sighed and crossed her arms. “I don’t want it to go away. I’d like to learn how to use it more effectively. You know, for the good of the school and the good of mankind.” Blah, blah, blah and blah.
“My dear,” Lanford put his glasses back on their perch. “You can’t undo the past.”
Rae’s breath caught. She finished the phrase inside her head: the sins of the father are the sins of the son, or in this case, the daughter.
“Are you listening to me?”
Eyes wide, she stared at the headmaster. All the anger and bitterness suddenly drained out of her, and the only emotion left behind was defeat. She started to cry. Embarrassed, she hid her face in her hands. “I-I’m s-sorry,” she gulped.
“You don’t need to be sorry,” he said kindly. “I think you just need to let it out.” He looked at her so kindly, without pity. She knew this man meant her no harm. He deserved better than just silence from her.
Rae took several slow, deep breathes and then let her thoughts out. “My mom warned me about my dad’s demons. I…I wish I could change the past. Go back and make things right…fix my dad’s mistakes. Make people stop looking at me like I’m a freak. That’s what I’d hoped to do with my tatù, when I realized what I could do. I’d hoped to erase the fear and suspicion, to make everyone forget about my parents.”
Lanford put his hands on Rae’s shoulders and forced her to face him. “Don’t ever be sorry for who you are, or who your parents were. Your father was brilliant and talented, despite his dark ways and your mother was a wonderful woman who sacrificed everything so you could have a better life, a better chance. That’s an amazing gift.”
“Yeah, and I’m screwing it all up!”
Lanford shook his head. “You’ve all this talent, and trust me, my dear, you haven’t even begun to scratch the surface of it. After this term, you’ve another year at Guilder. Think about what you’re going to learn and be able to do. Look at the students in class with you. Think how talented the senior boys seem by comparison. You can already do more than them. I look forward to watching you grow.” He paused then gave her a hug, his goofy combover falling across his forehead. “Get rid of the baggage in your head and start concentrating on your classes. And, in this room, show everyone you are Rae Kerrigan, more than just a madman’s legacy!”
Rae wiped the remaining tears from her cheeks and smiled at the headmaster. She didn’t want to be constantly compared to her dad. She knew Lanford was right, she needed to let it go in order to be what she was meant to be, and she desperately wanted to be rid of her father’s dark shadow. She whispered, “I’d like that.”
He patted her on the shoulder, pushing her toward the door. “Oh, and ask Devon to start tutoring you again.” He shook a finger at her. “I told you at the beginning of the year you’d do well to stick by that boy.”
Rae nodded, but said nothing. Apologizing to Devon was going to take some serious groveling and she didn’t quite know where to start. She headed out of the Oratory to meet Molly, who was waiting, impatiently, outside the dorm.
“What took so long? Lanford ask you to teach him something?” Molly stood, hands on her hips. .
“Something like that.” Rae smiled a real smile, realizing how wonderful it felt to do so after being angry and hurt for so long.
The two girls walked over to Joist House. They headed up the marble stairs, and as they reached the top, Rae made a quick decision.
“Molls, can you get Julian? I need to ask Devon something.”
Molly raised her eyebrows, but didn’t say anything. She nodded and headed down the hall. Rae wiped sweaty palms on her jeans and lightly tapped Devon’s door.
“Andy, I already told you I’m not going with you guys.”
Devon shouted from behind the door. “Leave me alone!”
She wasn’t sure he’d be any happier to see she wasn’t Andy, but Rae knocked harder anyway. She jumped back when Devon swung the door open, looking ready to cuss her out.
His eyes widened and his body language changed completely when he saw her. “What’re you doing here?”
Rae froze. She hadn’t planned any of this. It’d all been spur of the moment. She knew she needed to say the right words, to truly apologize to him, but at the moment she had nothing but scattered thoughts banging around her head. So she said the first thing that came to mind. “I was wondering if you wanted to head into town for dinner with me, Molly and Julian.” She tried to swallow, but her mouth had turned completely dry.
“Dinner?” He sounded and looked dumbfounded, as if the word itself didn’t make any sense coming from her.
“You know, we go to a restaurant, we order some food, the waitress brings it out, we eat it and then we pay the bill?” She realized sounded exactly like Molly. “Crap, that’s not what I meant!” She stomped her foot. “I’m trying to apologize. I’m just really lousy at it.”
Devon laughed. She wondered how much he enjoyed seeing her at odds with herself, but in the end, he must have decided to put her out of her misery. “Friends?” He smiled, his dimple winking at her from his cheek.
Rae’s heart melted, like it always did when his dimple made an appearance. “Hard as this is, I’m offering a free dinner to show how sincere I am.”
“FREE dinner?” He leaned behind his door. “Heck yeah! Let me grab my coat! I can hear Molly at the stairs complaining you’re taking too long.”
She reached out and grabbed his hand, mimicking his ink. He stared at her, surprised by the contact.
“Sorry, just need to borrow that great hearing of yours for a moment so I can hear what Molly’s saying.” She smiled mischievously, squeezing his hand before releasing it. “Then I can call her on it later.”
Devon’s smile widened slowly, as if he enjoyed soaking in the playful mood in the air. “Sounds good.” He shut his door. “I’m suddenly starving.”
Rae knew him better than that. “Starving because dinner’s on me?”
“You got it, fairy-girl.”


Chapter 21
Deceived

Rae laughed so hard through dinner her cheeks and stomach muscles hurt. It felt good to let go of the cloud that had been hanging over her. Dinner and ice cream dessert were both a riot, and the evening was over way before Rae wanted to head back to Guilder.
Julian pulled his Jaguar into the student parking lot, and the four of them walked toward Aumbry House together.
“I hate to call it a night,” Rae moaned, sandwiched between Molly and Devon, “but I’ve some major catching up to do. If I don’t start studying, I’m going to need a real tutor.” She elbowed Devon.
“We still up for a session this week?” Devon shoved his hands into his coat pockets.
“Definitely,” Rae replied.
Molly shouldered Rae. “Let’s go in. It’s freezing.”
As they turned to go, Julian touched Rae’s arm. “Do you have an extra moment? Can I show you something?”
“Sure. Anything wrong?” Rae watched Molly head to the warmth inside.
“I don’t think so, but I had a vision the other day. I’ve been trying to figure it out. As usual, I’m lousy at it.” He paused then quickly added, “I think it has something to do with you.” He pulled a sheet of folded paper out of his coat and handed it to her.
Rae opened it, her body shaking from the cool evening air.
The picture had been drawn in some type of charcoal or pencil. A circle lay in the center with a fairy sketched inside. Dark ghost-like figures were around the circle with an eye looking down on the sketch. The detail and tone reeked of something dark and scary.
She studied the paper for a few moments. Then realization hit her and she grinned. “When did you say you drew this?”
“Two mornings ago.” Julian pulled on his ponytail. “Does it make sense to you? It’s so freakin’ frustrating when I can’t figure out my own visions. I feel like a flippin’ book sometimes: my drawings are foreshadowing bits and the reader doesn’t realize it until they finish the rest of the story, only…I’m the reader!” He shook his head. “I figured if I showed you and maybe touched you so you could mimic my ink…well, maybe you could read into it somehow, figure it out.”
“Oh, I know what it means.” She blushed, despite the cold. “I’ve been going through a bit of a rough patch. I had a little – well, more like a lot – of self-pity. Angry at myself, at my tatù and at my family’s past.” She pointed at the picture. “This shows me fighting my own personal demons. The eye is probably Lanford. We talked today after class in the Oratory, and he kind of straightened me out. Maybe this vision came from Headmaster Lanford. You know, him seeing me and being worried about what was happening to me?”
Relief flooded Julian’s face. “My ability’s pretty difficult to read. I get these visions, and sometimes they’re insignificant and other times they’re huge. I’m still learning how to read them. Guilder and the Privy Council really want to work with me to learn to figure them out.” He zipped his coat tighter. “Originally, I’d draw stuff that was going to happen, but things now seem to be evolving and my head’s flooded with stuff.”
“It sounds very challenging.” Rae felt bad for him, but also glad she wasn’t alone in her own personal frustrations.
He gave her a quick, friendly hug. “I’m just dumping my problems on you. Everyone here has them. None of us are perfect.”
She grinned. “I’m glad you might come back next year. Maybe I can help you a bit with your ability.” She shrugged, totally embarrassed by her own words. Like this guy needs my help. You’re such and idiot sometimes, Rae! “I doubt I’ll figure out anything, but if I tried to mimic your tatù, maybe we could figure out some stuff together.”
“Great idea. It’s definitely worth a try. It’s not like I have anything to lose.”
“Let’s get together sometime after the spring dance. Like, when it’s warmer.” She stomped her feet, trying to stop the chills.
“Sounds good.” He turned to go. “Thanks again for helping me with this vision. I’m glad it didn’t turn out to be something terrible.”
“Me, too. Have a good night.” Rae folded and handed the charcoal drawing back to Julian.
He waved his hand. “Keep it. Hang it on your bulletin board beside the other one.” He winked. “As a reminder you need to stay away from demons.” He laughed and headed toward Joist House.
The next few weeks, Rae felt like a squirrel that’d been holed up for the winter, coming out for spring with a to-do list. She spent the time leading up to the dance working on incomplete assignments, studying and catching up. Thank goodness all her teachers were willing to work with her and she took advantage of the sympathetic looks, promising to hand in reports and labs as soon as she could. She continued meeting with Devon and focused on strengthening their friendship. With the back-log of work and keeping up with current class homework, she didn’t have much time for distractions, but her time with Devon was something she wasn’t willing to give up.
For the spring dance, Rae asked Molly to help her find something to wear. Molly spent an entire weekend dragging Rae through endless shops until she found the perfect one. It was a two-piece dress in a lovely pastel, and in different shades of green ranging from light to emerald. The skirt was silk with layers of chiffon. It rested just above her knees. The matching top had been designed a few shades lighter, with simple straps.
“The best part,” Molly said, holding the two pieces together against Rae, “is if you lean forward, your tatù is going to show.”
Hopefully Beth will see it then. Rae snorted, surprised at her own thoughts.
Molly hit her on the back. “You okay?”
Rae pretended to cough. “F-Fine.”
Rae finally asked Lanford to help her figure out how she could mimic abilities. He didn’t seem surprised by her request but actually, quite pleased. Everyone at the school knew what she could do now, but no one had approached her or asked for help. Lanford promised to make things interesting.
Classes in the Oratory took on a new twist – He would instruct Rae to touch a student and mimic their ability. Together, they would try to see if there was a hidden part of the tatù that the other student might not have realized yet. Each tatù seemed molded to the personality and physical attributes of the person possessing it. Most often, Rae could pick up a small talent or ability the other hadn’t noticed, or vice versa. Rae loved the challenges, and some of the students who’d been shy around her began to warm up to her and feel more comfortable. There were still students who refused to touch Rae. She would occasionally catch Headmaster Lanford looking frustrated by the unwillingness of the students to cooperate, but he never pushed or forced any student to work with her. She and the other students respected him for it.
Dean Carter stood in during several of their classes, watching all the students intently, taking notes in a black leather journal he carried with him. Rae tried her best to ignore him when he came around and then avoided him after class. Ironically, he seemed to be staying away from her now, as well.
However, she knew from experience that Dean Carter was anything but predictable. So she wasn’t entirely surprised when after Friday’s class while she zipped shut her backpack, Carter came to speak to her.
“Ms Kerrigan, nice job again today. It’s interesting to see how you’re able to teach others to use their abilities more precisely. Your father was never able to show others how to improve their skills. He kept the advancements to himself.” He made a note in his little black book and turned on his heel.
Rae watched him leave, her mouth gaping open. Had he actually just paid her a compliment? And what did he know about her father? He acted as if he’d personally been with her father and shared his skill, despite the fact that she and Devon had found no connection in their research. But then, so much was secret and unknown. No one could really say who had been a part of it and who hadn’t. The thought made her stomach turn. The loser probably was her dad’s biggest fan. Like the kind of groupie that kept scrapbooks and freaky stuff from serial killers in prison. Rae shuddered at the thought. Thankfully, Molly yelled for her to hurry up and all thoughts of the dean were pushed aside.
Molly said she needed Maria’s help to get Rae’s hair done for Saturday evening, which made her curious. But it wasn’t until the morning of the dance, when Molly pinned a poster of Tinker Bell beside the mirror, determined to create an exact copy that Rae began to get nervous.
“I’m jumping in the shower before you get to work,” Rae said after they’d come back from breakfast. She ran out the door before Molly could stop her.
She needed a moment to herself, knowing that having both Molly and Maria touching her at the same time was going to be chaotic at best. The few minutes of peace with the running shower faucet turned out to be short lived.
“Rae Kerrigan!” Molly shouted, the heavy wooden bathroom door slamming shut perfectly timed against her yell. The noise echoed off the tiled bathroom walls. “Get out of the shower! I have the perfect idea for your hair tonight. Are you willing to walk to on the wild side?”
Rae shut the taps off and peered around the curtain. “What do you have in mind?” She did feel a bit edgy this morning. Maybe she could be up for whatever Molly had in store.
Molly held up a hair coloring kit and pointed at it. “I’m going to give you blond highlights.”
Rae stared at her roommate and played with a wet, dark lock. Would Devon notice? Wait… would BETH notice? Rae grinned, unable to contain her glee at the possibility of making Devon’s ex jealous. Her face took on a wicked and playful expression. “I’m in.”
Molly blow dried Rae’s hair and then went to work. They sang along to Molly’s iPod and Maria came in to help and speed the process up. After jumping in the shower again to wash everything, Rae patiently let Molly blow dry her hair. The large chunks of blonde blended almost magically with her dark, curly hair. Molly had left the bottom back part dark, saying it would look totally awesome when Rae put her hair in a ponytail.
“It’s amazing, Molls.” Rae couldn’t stop staring at herself in the mirror, loving what she saw.
“I told you it would totally suit you.” Molly grinned before bending over and grabbing a bunch of stuff out of her bag. She dumped hundreds of different bits and pieces of hair things and ordered Maria to grab the Tinkerbelle poster and hang it up in the bathroom instead. Maria winked at Rae and then disappeared down the hall to their room. She was back moments later and waited for Molly’s next command. Rae heard Maria giggling inside her head and had to avert to her eyes to avoid bursting out laughing. Molly had done a fantastic job coloring but didn’t, for one moment, stop talking.
“You planned this all, didn’t you?” Rae asked two hours later, trying to sit still as a pin poked her scalp. They’d all dressed and were just finishing up with their hair.
“Ob coursthe.” Molly said with a mouth full of hair pins.
Rae grinned, actually excited about going to the dance. “You’re one very imaginative girl, Molly Skye, and I’m glad we got to room together this year.”
“Me, too, but I have to admit I’m looking forward to moving upstairs next year and having my own room. You talk a lot in your sleep.”
“You snore like a wood chipper.”
“I do not.” Molly put her hands on her hips. “…Do I?”
Before Rae could answer back, Madame Elpis shouted up the stairs that it was time to get moving. The guys’ bus had already left ten minutes ago and many of the seniors were driving their own cars. Molly added a few more pins to Rae’s head and gave a single sweep to her always perfect looking hair. Then the girls headed down the marble stairs.
The drive to Roe Hampton took about twenty minutes. The girls were giddy by the time they arrived, and were giggling when they walked into Roe Hampton’s gymnasium.
“Ladies, you arrive at last.” Andy spread his arms out to greet them. All the senior boys had dressed in tuxedos. Andy wore a polka-dot bow-tie.
“Nice dickiebow,” Haley snorted.
Rae glanced around the room for Devon. She spotted him talking to Beth, and her light mood of the moment before was instantly dark. She strained to hear what they were talking about, but could barely make out their conversation over the music. Beth looked beautiful and mature, in a Victorian-style dress. Rae suddenly felt very childish in her Tinker Bell outfit. It felt more like a silly costume now.
“Why the long face?” Riley stood beside her. “Dance with me and let me put a smile there.” He took Rae’s arm and, without waiting for a response, led her to the dance floor. “You’re gorgeous tonight, as you are every night. But I really like the hair.” He pulled a blonde curl and watched it bounce back into place.
“Thanks,” Rae muttered when they started to dance. Her plan had been to make Devon see her differently, but he couldn’t be bothered to even glance her way. She remained quiet for the rest of the song and let Riley ramble on, barely paying attention to what he said. She did refocus when she heard Riley mention Devon’s name.
“Crazy Dev…Hard to believe, isn’t it?” Riley quipped.
“Pardon? What did you say?”
“I said, It’s nice to see Devon and Beth together again. They’re on the dance floor all cozy and lost in each other’s eyes. It’s hard to believe, isn’t it?”
“I hadn’t heard they were back together.” Rae felt sick to her stomach. After the past few months of her rebel phase, she hadn’t paid any attention to what was going on with Devon. If it didn’t involve her grades, assignments or the two of them together, she hadn’t bothered to ask or care. Why had she focused so hard on their friendship? She really liked the guy but had never stood a chance with him romantically and she hated herself for not realizing it sooner. The bitterness of disappointment churned in her stomach and the blood drained from her head.
“You all right?” Riley stopped dancing and stared at her with concern. His cheetah tatù making her feel even dizzier. “You look a little green. Do you feel sick?” He took a slight step back, but held onto her wrists.
“A little…” She suddenly felt like this was the last place on earth she wanted to be. What a stupid idea this was.
“Do you need some punch?” He glanced over at Devon then back at her. “Or do you want to go back to Guilder? I have my car and can drive you home.”
“I don’t want you to miss the dance,” she argued weakly. “Don’t worry. Let me drive you back, and I can head back here after I know you’re all right. Just say the word.” Riley squeezed her wrist.
Going back to the dorm sounded better than staying here watching Devon and Beth fall back in love. She’d vomit all over the dance floor if she had to watch that.
She stared across the room one last time, silently begging Devon to turn her way. Instead, she felt the bracelet he’d given her slip off her wrist, like a sign telling her to give up. She bent down to pick it up, and heard gasps behind her. Remembering her outfit had been designed to show off her tatù if she bent over, she straightened as fast as she could and pulled the back of her top down with lightning speed. She could hear the whispers from the Roe Hampton girls and saw Beth, a smug look on her face, lean over to whisper to a surprised Devon. Rae grabbed Riley’s arm, not paying any attention to the smirk on his face.
“Let’s go.” She pulled him toward the exit.
“Hold up.” Riley stopped just outside. “I gotta tell Molly I’m bringing you back. If any of the professors ask, Molly can explain.”
The fresh air offered nothing to cool her burning face. She could feel a headache starting at the back of her head, creeping its way to the front. Riley raced back out of the large metal doors and helped her into his car. She sat in the passenger seat and covered her face with her hands as he drove.
Rae didn’t glance up until she felt the car roll to a stop and felt the car rock when Riley got out. She lifted her head, and had to blink, surprised to see they were parked in front of the Main Building. Riley opened her door to help her out.
“What’re we doing here? Are the gates locked or something?” Rae tried to focus, the headache putting dots in front of her vision.
“No. Dean Carter asked me to bring you here.” Riley’s answer came out curt.
“Carter?” Just freakin’ great! What a topper to a screwed up evening.
Riley grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the building door, kicking it open with his foot.
“Let go!” She tried to shaking her arm free. “Riley, you’re hurting me. I don’t want to see Dean Carter tonight. I just want to go back to my room.”
“Sorry, but you need to see the dean. Right now.” Riley continued to pull her up the stairs.
Too ticked to resist him, she jerked her arm free. “Fine, but this had better be quick.” She stomped up the stairs, passing Riley and barging into the dean’s office. She didn’t even bother to knock. She was too angry to worry about being polite.
Dean Carter stood leaning against his desk. He’d been checking his watch. He smiled when he saw Rae and Riley come into the room.
“Well done,” he said, clapping his hands slowly, making her head ache with each loud, percussive clap.
Rae opened her mouth and then glanced at Riley.
“Thanks.” Riley puffed his chest. “It was easy. I just told Kerrigan the Wardell boy was back with his old Roe Hampton bit-girl. Kerrigan fell for it.” He snickered. “She hesitated, but I slipped the stupid bracelet he bought her off her wrist. Suddenly, she was more determined than me to leave. She feigned being sick, and now the entire school thinks I’m taking her back to her dorm room.” His face and shoulders bunched in excitement. Rae felt nauseous when she realized how easily she had been tricked.
“Fine.” Carter flipped his wrist to dismiss Riley. “Go to Rae’s dorm room. Make her bed look like it’s been slept in and then grab her backpack and throw some clothes in it. Make it look like she’s gone somewhere purposely. Then go back to the dance and let everyone know, especially Lanford, that she’s resting.”
“Yes, sir.” Riley turned and headed out of the room, closing the door behind him.
Rae watched Riley leave. She was completely shocked at what had just occurred, but the pieces all slid into place in her mind. This had been planned. Dean Carter wanted to be alone with her. For what reason?
She turned to eye him cautiously, jerking back in surprise when she found his face hovered only inches away from hers.
Great…what do I do now?


Chapter 22
Destiny

“What do you want from me?” Rae whispered, taking another step back.
Dean Carter grabbed Rae’s arm. Instantly visions of his life began appearing behind her eyelids as if she were watching them live. She stood frozen. She couldn’t have moved if she wanted to.
She saw a younger version of the dean, in this very room, standing with her father, making a pact to screw the greater good of mankind. Another vision popped in to show Dean Carter and her father, a few years older, arguing. It became clear that Simon intended to use his ability to make them more than just powerful – to run the British government and let the world know about the abilities their tatùs gave them. They were going to terrify the world; force everyone to follow them, for their own safety and protection, they mocked.
The visions stopped. Shocked, Rae stared, open mouthed, at Dean Carter. “You worked with my father?”
The Dean straightened as if he’d been slapped. “I was once your father’s friend. Things changed.”
“Whatever.” Rae let her eyes slide toward the closed door and took a step toward it.
“No, my dear,” Dean Carter said. “You aren’t going anywhere for a bit.” He moved around her and blocked the entrance.
Rae shook her head. This can’t be happening.
The dean leaned in closer, his breath hot against her face, making her shudder. “You know, I’m not the bad guy. I’m the one actually on your side. We need to get you somewhere safe.”
“Out of this room and away from you seems my safest option.” Rae clenched her teeth, thinking back over the evening. “You had Riley trick and drag me out of the dance and –”
“Something’s going to happen tonight. The Privy Council believes you are in danger. Riley wants a job, so he’s willing to do anything it takes.”
“Riley’s an idiot.” And so are you if you think I’m going to believe you.
“I’ll explain things better once we get you away from here. My car’s in the parking lot.” He opened the door and turned around to motion at Rae with his hand. “Come on now. We haven’t much time.”
Rae opened her mouth to protest but not get further than the “O” shape of her mouth. A large piece of wood rose above the dean’s head and came crashing down on the top of it. He crumpled to the ground and slumped forward.
With wide eyes, Rae watched a familiar looking cane push the dean’s arm out of the way. Headmaster Lanford appeared in the door way, out of breath.
“A-Are you a-all right?” He took one look at her and tapped his cane against the ground. “What did he say to you?”
Rae glanced from the motionless dean to the headmaster and back down again. “Nothing. But I think you need to call the cops.” She scurried around to his side, avoiding all contact with the dean’s prone form.
Lanford slipped his arm around her and with an iron grip, pulled her across the waiting area. “I’m glad I got here in time.”
“Thank goodness.” Rae reached for the handle of the exit door when they came to it.
“No, dear.” The headmaster pulled her closer to him, his hand covered in the material of his jacket. He didn’t seem to want to touch her. “We need to let them think you’ve left but the safest place is through that door.” He pointed to an ancient looking oak door that obviously led to the other tower room. “Let’s get you in there and I’ll explain everything.”
He opened the door and led Rae through. The room was round like the dean’s office, but about four stories high with no windows except near the top. Round with nothing in it but a flat screen TV hooked up to a laptop on a very small table.
Rae walked over the rough, cobbled floor to the laptop.
“What’s this for?”
“Move back a bit and I’ll show you.” The headmaster stood behind her.
Rae pressed back against the wall so Lanford could get by. He stood in front, facing her. “Let’s get this sorted.” He lifted his arm and flicked his hand.
Rae jumped when a pair of cold clamps locked around her wrist. She started down in surprise. “What the --?”
Confused, Rae watched as an evil grin split Lanford’s face, transforming him completely from the kind and protective man she thought she had come to know, into a total stranger. This scary figure made her heart race with fear. It reminded her of… her father. Before she had the chance to even raise her arms to protect herself, Lanford used his tatù to slam her back against the wall, cracking her head against the rough, ancient brick. She blacked out.
When she came to, her head throbbing like a bass drum, she reached to rub the back of her head, only to realize her hand couldn’t get her arms that far. She’d been shackled with metal chains screwed into the wall on the other side of the room. Lanford sat close by, doing his typical invisible chair routine.
“What’re you doing?” Rae blinked trying to clear her head. “You’re on my side. The dean’s the one…” She paused remembering him saying that he wasn’t the bad guy. Her brain rushed to bring back all the encounters she’d had with the dean and Lanford, seeing everything in a new light. Her head felt as if it were spinning, and not from the lump on the back of her head.
Something inside the headmaster changed. His face scrunched and he glared at her. “I’ve been at this bloody school longer than one man should have to. I helped your father as a student and what does he do? He turns his back on me. Leaves me here to rot with promises that he’ll come back.” Lanford’s mouth pressed tight and he shook his head. “We devised a plan and what happens? He goes and gets himself killed.”
“My mother—”
Lanford lunged forward off his perch shouting “Your mother ruined everything!” He took a deep breath, then two, calming himself and patting his riotous combover. Lanford carefully straightened his waistcoat and said with incongruent calm, “But now I have you…someone with your father’s ability.”
Rae couldn’t wrap her head around the idea that this man she had trusted had been deceiving her all this time, yet it was true. The cold metal chains were irrefutable truth. “You can’t keep me locked up in here. People are looking for me.”
The headmaster tsked. “No one’s going to look tonight. Your roommate will think you’re with Riley and, by tomorrow, it won’t matter as I’ll have you convinced to work with me.” He smiled wickedly, his combover falling out of place. He looked like he’d gone mad. From Dr. Jekyll to Mr. Hyde…
“Your father and I devised this intriguing plan before he died. Now, you will help me complete HOC.”
“HOC? What, is that some file or something?” Rae shook her head. “I’ll never help you finish something my father started.” Rae pulled herself from off the ground. “You can go screw yourself!”
The headmaster slapped her face with a gust of air, not touching her with his hand. He smirked and stayed out of her reach, making it impossible for her to fight back or protect herself. In an oddly sing-song voice, Lanford continued talking as if they were politely discussing the weather. “You have your father’s impatience. He killed many good men too quickly because of that little angry streak of his. That’s something we’ll have to remedy in you.” Lanford checked his watch and then straightened his jacket and tie.
“I need to make an appearance at the dance, so I’ll leave you.” Rae started to retort, but Lanford held up a hand, pushing air directly at her face, causing her body to instinctively react, closing off her airways. She doubled over trying to force her lungs to take in oxygen. He continued talking as if they were having a normal conversation. “Don’t worry. I shall return in a short while. In the meantime, watch the videos and take mental notes. These are skills I’ll be requiring of you. Watch it, and listen closely.”
Frustration and anger roiled inside of her. She felt guilty, for having suspected the dean all this time, when really the danger had been much closer to her. She remembered her meeting with the dean in his tower office at the beginning of the school year. “I’ll get out of here. These rooms are round and you’re…the devil. You can’t trap me in a corner,” she hissed.
Lanford laughed at her. “Kerrigan, you’re already trapped. What’re you doing to do? Vision your way out of the room? You’ve got Carter’s tatù and it’s useless. You have no ‘fuel’ to use. It was your father’s one weakness, one I plan to liberally exploit in you.” He paused, pointing to the floor. “There are a few bottles of water within reach for you. Don’t overdo it as you’ll have to wet yourself if you need to go. That’s always the first thing to go with you females and I’m not cleaning up any mess.” He gave her a fond, almost fatherly smile, causing her stomach to turn. He’s insane…he’s got to be insane…and I’ve trusted him all this time!
Rae glanced to where he’d pointed and heard the dull click of the door as it locked. He’d moved and disappeared faster than she thought he could. She wondered if anyone knew he could move so quickly. Probably not. He seems to be great at hiding things. Jerk.
She stayed where she was, propped up against the cool wall, waiting to see if the headmaster would come back. She jerked when the laptop monitor flickered and the flat screen turned the semi-dark room an eerie blue color. A video began to play. She listened as the narrator explained that it was an instructional video.
A lifespan is spent seeking success and happiness. One chases after dreams, careers, ambitions, faith, partners and money; all in the hope of finding the success and contentment they so long for. The only place we need to search is within ourselves. Our inner powers will move us forward – we must show the world our tatùs. Our capabilities and potential are far greater than anything man has ever done, or will do. We are above mankind – above the law which rules over them.
That voice…something about that voice. What was it? Why did it tickle her memory? Her heart stopped when she realized the narrator was her father. Rae dropped the floor in the middle of the room and hugged her knees to her chest, trying to protect herself from the memories. His voice reminded her only of the time he’d been so mean and scared her as a child. She’d trusted him, because he was her father, but he’d turned on her that night. She began to cry. She’d trusted the headmaster completely and he… he… she couldn’t even finish her train of thought. She’d never suspected any of this.
She felt so lost, so afraid and bloody cold. She had iron shackles on her wrists and the ancient, heavy metal chains felt like ice as they rubbed against her legs and arms. The entire room was cold, and her Tinker Bell outfit wasn’t made to promote warmth. Her thin jacket didn’t help much, either. Her teeth chattered as tears coursed down her cheeks.
How did she get into this mess? Her uncle’s words screamed back at her: the sins of the father are the sins of the son. You can’t undo the past, Rae.
She curled into the fetal position on the cold marble. Her foot bumped against something, and with dismay, Rae realized she’d knocked over one of the bottles of water. She felt wetness against her shoe and quickly realized the marble floor wouldn’t absorb any of the liquid.
Swearing, she scooted over as much as the shackles would allow. She was already shivering. The last thing she needed was to slip into hypothermia too. She could hear the video with her father’s voice telling her she could be part of a bigger picture, a new dream for the world with endless opportunities, yet she saw no great potential in this situation. How freakin’ ironic.
Her uncle had been right; no one was going to come save her. Her only freedom would be death, the same choice her mother had made. She’d sacrificed everything to stop her father. Rae wondered if maybe she’d need to do the same thing in order to stop Lanford.
What can I do? Her ability was useless right now. Mimicking
Carter wasn’t going to help her escape. Rae banged her head on the floor, trying to come up with something – anything that would give her a glimmer of hope. The ache in her heard made her gasp, but it was preferable to her inner pain. At least it was real and tangible. She thought about her friends and immediately Devon came to mind. I’m such an IDIOT for believing Riley. Devon’s not back with Beth. She’d been such a dummy. She needed to find a way to protect him.
Rae cringed as she remembered the picture Julian had shown her. He’d been convinced the vision meant she’d been in danger. The sketch was about right now, not about her chasing after her own personal demons. Wait…it was about now…right now… She shuddered at a realization. Those were real demons, the ghost of her father, in a round room… What was with the eye of Carter watching me? He actually had said he was on her side.
She abruptly sat up. The eye…watching me… She looked up, squinting trying to see if there were any video cameras watching her every move. She was pretty sure there would be. She strained, trying to force her eyes to focus on the dimly lit ceiling. It felt like she was trapped in the tower of London, with King Henry VIII about to execute her. She wished she had Devon’s tatù right then. His night-vision would allow him to clearly see that high up in the dark. She squinted again and began to pick out a small, flashing red light. She knew immediately it was a camera, and it was recording her every move. The knowledge brought her no comfort.
How long before Lanford comes back? She thought about how disappointed her mother would have been with this end, how brief her life was and how little she had done with it. That thought brought fresh tears to her eyes. Oh Mom…it’s not fair! Why should we have to sacrifice ourselves to stop the bad people? I grew up without you and now I have to die to save the freakin’ world?
But what choice did she have?
She was all alone, and no one was going to save her. She’d never finish her father’s work like Lanford wanted, she refused to even consider it. What she’d seen in his visions of her father was enough to show her that she was nothing like him.
She cued back into reality in when the voice on the screen stopped. The video was over, but the bloody thing had automatic playback, she could hear it resetting itself, all the little bits and chips in the laptop were zipping and whirring, doing their jobs.
She didn’t want to watch it again, but how could she possibly stop it? She closed her eyes, leaning her head against the stone wall, and tried to think of nothing. She tried to block out everything and bury all emotions.
I am totally, completely screwed, she thought with a snort.
Suddenly, thoughts of Nicholas filled her mind. He would have known how to MacGyver his way out of these shackles with a paper clip and then opened the locked, ancient iron door. Yep, Nicholas and his amazing paperclip! Rae barked a laugh and wiped the tears from her eyes, trying to calm her crazed mind. She needed to focus on what she could do to stop this.
I could use the shackles to strangle myself. All I’d have to do is cross my arms and pull tight… She felt no fear of dying, she didn’t mind killing herself, especially if it meant saving others. Her mother had made the same sacrifice, so she could be at least as brave as her mother had been. Except, deep down Rae didn’t want to die. She wanted to live! To learn to use her gift for good, to right the wrongs, to finish school, fall in love and experience a first kiss. She was a sixteen-year-old girl, for goodness’ sake! Rae rolled her head from side to side as the video began to play again, trying to deny the reality of it.
Her father’s voice grated on her nerves like sandpaper. She tried to tune it out, but it only made the humming inside of her louder, and her headache worse.
Tapping her foot against the marble floor to dispel the tension building inside, she tried to cover her ears, even the clanking of the chains couldn’t block the sound out.
“Shut up!” she screamed, bellowing straight from her gut. She yelled it again and again. “Shut up! Shut up! You were never my father. You were just a monster. You told me monsters were real, and I believed you. How could I’ve ever known you were the worst monster of them all? What kind of father would want their child to grow up evil? What kind of man were you and how did my mom ever love you?”
She wished she had Molly’s gift and, for a brief second, she pretended she did, knowing the exactly how Molly’s ink felt inside her. She threw her arm in the direction of the laptop and flicked her fingers, as if to throw a bolt of electricity into the laptop and the screen to fry them.
Blue jagged lines erupted from her fingers and made a bee line for the laptop. It sparked and hissed, the smell of burnt plastic immediately filling the air. The screen blacked out. The sudden silence was deafening.
That silence screamed the truth to Rae.


Chapter 23
Your Destiny

Unable to stop staring at the now fried computer, Rae made a conscious effort to close her mouth. Holy…! What…? She stood and started to pace with the shackles on her arms. Two steps one way and then backward two steps was all the room she had, but it was her mind that needed the space and it was clearing faster by the second.
I used Molly’s gift. I killed the laptop, but how? I haven’t touched Molly in hours. I’m supposed to have Dean Carter’s ability.
Rae suddenly froze on the spot as the enormity of what had just happened hit her full force.
Woah…I killed the laptop. I don’t have Carter’s ability…why not? Or do I?
Realizing she didn’t have time for why not, Rae focused on how to use this new-found information to free herself. Okay, what do I know for sure?
I know I used someone’s tatù without touching them. Or out of order.
Wait, Rae cocked her head to the side, trying to break down the truth into its most basic form. Occam’s Razor, “the simplest explanation is most likely the correct one.” Okay, if I thought I could only use the tatù of the last person I touched, yet I used Molly’s ability out of order, I must be wrong. So then…Rae swung her leg around in a partial semi-circle, dragging the sole of her shoe against the cobbled floor as she tried to consider what exactly the opposite of her wrong assumption would be. Can I use anyone’s tatù who I’ve touched, whenever I like? An excited breath seized in her throat as she realized the only way to know would be to test the theory.
She tapped her foot, trying to think of someone else’s ink she understood deeply. Healing – she could get rid of her headache and the goose egg on the back of her head. She closed her eyes and tried to find the slightly-unfamiliar hum inside of her. Once found, she fed it, nurtured it until it became more than just a memory in her veins. The hum spread through her body. Finally, she could think more clearly, without the murky cloud of pain hovering over her. She touched the back of her head and grinned. No bump. Rae resumed her pacing.
Devon’s ink came to mind next, along with his image and she instantly felt nauseous all over again. How could I be so stupid? Taking a deep breathe to dispel the sick feeling in her stomach, she promised herself she would see him again. But for now, I have work to do. She forced him out of her mind so she could concentrate. She realized she must’ve used his ability when squinting to see the recording camera in the dim light. Damn! The camera! She stopped pacing and stared up at it. Lanford might be watching even now and would have seen what she’d just done.
But what exactly have I done? Maybe…maybe there’s nothing to see on the camera but me acting crazy. Little bits of hope trickled through her as she tried to focus. There’s got to be something I can do without getting caught on camera. She sorted through the classes she had in the Oratory this term – thinking about everyone she had worked with. It was an uphill battle because everything reminded her of how much Lanford understood her ability and wanted to nurture it. Nurture my ass. He wanted it working at full force for when he needed to use me to his benefit and no one else’s, not even mine.
A deep breath in and out helped fortify her. Let it go. Focus on the problem at hand. She stood still, legs akimbo, pondering everything. She twirled a blonde strand of hair over and over through her fingers. Her ink was stronger than her father’s, just like her mother had said. I’m not my father, I’m nothing like him. I have to get out of here so I can prove it to the world. “Now how am I going to do that?” she asked herself aloud.
She leaned back against the cold wall and slid down, bumping into another bottle of water, catching it before it fell. She was immediately reminded of Craig as she felt a few drops spill onto her hand. Craig was able to change water into different forms. Rae leaned forward and rolled the water bottle away from her, letting it leave a trail of liquid along the way. She did the same for the remaining bottle as well. Making sure it was toward the door, not near her. She closed her eyes and leaned back against the wall again, waiting for the hum to start. She remembered the feeling inside of her from Craig’s tatù. She searched for it inside of herself. When she found it, she leaned forward and brought a finger toward the water. It instantly turned to ice. She could even hear the crackle as it froze against the marble. She didn’t think it was going to help, but at least she was able to draw on another skill if she needed it. And with the color of the marble she thought it couldn’t be visible to the camera.
She shivered with cold as she tried to think of a way to get the shackles off her wrists. She rubbed her hands together, trying to think of all the gifts she’d mimicked. Nicholas’ ink would be useful, but she had nothing to work with except the bracelet from Devon, and that was obviously going to be a last resort. She thought about shape-shifting, but being a wolf or a bird wasn’t going to get her out of the room. She needed something smaller, something more petite, something which would allow her to slip through the shackles…GALE!
Just as Rae closed her eyes to catch Gale’s ability, a heavy slamming muffled against the other side of the wall. A very angry, and apparently alive, Carter hollered at Lanford.
“You bugger! You’ve been playing her since day one!” Another loud crashing echoed through the door of her prison. Lanford was obviously using his ability against Carter. Rae pressed herself back against the wall. Nothing could come flying through the ancient brick walls but it still didn’t stop her from flinching. Still feeling the hum of Gale’s ability, she changed only her hands and feet, focusing until the shackles slipped off her wrists and clanged to the floor. She carefully slipped her misshapen feet out of their shackles and focused on changing both her hands and feet back to normal. When done, she let out a relived sigh, thankful that nothing had gone wrong in the process. At the same time another piece of furniture burst into a million pieces on the other side of the wall.
“You know nothing!” Lanford hissed. “You obviously have no idea what she is capable of or who she can hurt.”
“She’s not going to hurt anyone. Guilder’s supposed to protect her, not use her!” Several grunts and scraping noises followed. “Now, where did you hide her, old man?”
Rae, avoiding the ice, ran to the door and began pounding on the heavy oak. Her fists barely made a sound on the dense, almost fossilized wood. “I’m in here! Help me! I’m here,” she yelled.
More fighting and grunting ensued from the other side of the door. Rae knew they probably hadn’t heard her. Carter fought outmatched anyway. Even if he had heard her pounding on the door and calling out, Lanford’s ability could toss the dean in the air like a rag doll. He didn’t stand a chance.
Shoulders slumped, Rae edged back to the spot by the chains and slid to the floor, hugging her knees. Head tucked between her legs, she wished this was a bad dream and it would all just end.
The scraping sound of the rusty dead bolt brought her head up. She held her breath as it swung open.
Lanford, his combover now looking like a bad wig and his clothes completely ripped and covered in red smudges and dirt, looked furious. He glared at her, then the TV screen, then back at her. “The video obviously doesn’t work.” He didn’t sound nearly as angry about it as she had expected he would, which surprised her.
Rae kept her eyes on him, wondering what the heck he was going to do, but tried to focus on an ink that could match his ability. His own. She let the hum fill her body and grow familiar inside her. Then she thought one ink better and had to fight to keep the triumphant smile from breaching her lips. Oh yeah…Mr. Fluffy Bad-Hair is going down…
He moved just inside the doorway.
Right where I want you… “Take one step closer and I’ll burn you and this building down like my mother roasted Simon.” Rae had no idea how her mother’s ability worked, but she figured those words would be enough to stop him in his tracks and Lanford had no idea of what her capabilities truly were anyway. She was betting he didn’t have the guts to call her bluff.
It worked, for a moment, at least until Lanford pulled a gun out of his jacket pocket and pointed it at her. “You may have some hidden talents, but I have five hidden friends inside of this.” He jiggled the gun in his palm, just to make sure she didn’t misunderstand his poorly chosen pun. “You move and I’ll send all five of them out to meet you.”
Seriously bad joke, but that gun isn’t funny. What now? Rae hesitated. She couldn’t think of any tatù that could stop one bullet, let alone the five that would fly in her direction if she pushed him. She knew she could heal relatively small and internal injuries, but she had no idea if it could save her from the damage caused by bullets, or if it would work fast enough. What if she went unconscious? Would the tatù still work? She didn’t know. Of all the questions I really should have asked in class…this is the one that comes back to bite me in the butt? Really?!?! Her internal turmoil aside, she knew now wasn’t the time to test the far flung theory hoping she’d be all right.
Wow, kinda wish I’d thought this through a little more…
“Did you think you’d be able to get away, Kerrigan?”
Well, kinda…yeah. But she knew now wasn’t the time for her smart mouth. She decided to let him keep talking. The longer he yacks, the longer I live to try to get myself out of here.
“For ten bloody years I served your father. For another ten years I had to wait for you to turn sixteen. You think I just sat and twiddled my thumbs while I waited? That I didn’t take the time to think about what you might become or what monster you might turn into that would be different than your father?” Lanford paused for dramatic effect and Rae knew he was about to go on the attack, but she stood completely unprepared for it when it came. Physical blows she might have been able to deal with, but Lanford’s chosen weapon was her own insecurities. Like a passive-aggressive parent, he dug into her psychological wounds with unerring accuracy.
“Everyone here is terrified of you.”
No. Don’t listen to him. He lies.
“You’re never going to be accepted anywhere you go.”
NO. I won’t let him turn me inside out! Rae felt a curious sensation, a warmth and strength like fire-cured steel filled her up, blossoming from her heart to her fingers and down to her toes. She didn’t know what it meant, but she knew it meant something good.
Lanford, ranted on, completely unaware of the change. “The sooner you realize that, the sooner you can see what I have to offer you is your freedom, and the power to make those fools serve you. Wake up and see your destiny!”
The crazed light in his eyes gave Rae pause. But she was done cowering from him. “I have a hard time believing you’re my destiny. I don’t follow assholes.”
Rae heard someone’s voice hollering from the stairwell. “They’re up here!” Riley. Riley had called for help. Her heart leapt with joy. Go Cheetah-boy!
Lanford glanced over his shoulder and then took another step toward Rae, gun aimed at her heart. “Fight with me or die. You choose.”
Rae lowered her head, glaring at him from under her lashes, and squared her shoulders. She spoke evenly, precisely, wanting to make sure there would be absolutely no misunderstanding. If these are my last words, this asshat is going to hear them.
“I would rather die, than be even one-tenth of what my father was.” She shut her eyes and inhaled slowly, trying to focus on the waiting bullet. Let it come, I have hope.
The gun fired with a percussive boom, amplified by the acoustics in the round stone room, making her ears ring so loudly no other noise could have been heard.
Despite the noise, Rae was ready and she exhaled a breath, thinking of Haley and hoping the gust might curve the bullet away from her. She had the tatù’s power zipping through her veins, had made sure she had it ready, but she had no idea if her crazy plan would work or not, until she felt the bullet’s wind brush by her hair and the dull crushing sound against the old stone, an impact more felt than heard. Little bits of wall pelted her back and scattered to the floor. At the same time, she felt the vibration of something large hitting the floor hard and clumsily.
Then, there came a noise Rae had never heard before – a very dull, but thick, cracking sound, heard even through the ringing in her ears. She peered through her half-closed eyes and saw Lanford on the ground. The scene made no sense at first. It took a moment or two for her understand what she was seeing.
He must have slipped on the ice. Rae’s eyes opened wider when she saw a pool of blood begin forming around his head. He didn’t move and the gun lay by the door.
She didn’t know what to do. Part of her screamed that he was dead, another part told her to check to see if he might still be alive. Fight or flight…Fight or flight…played over and over inside her mind. Just freakin’ run!! But she stood frozen in place, and everything seemed to move in slow motion, sounds coming to her as if from under water while her heart raced. Her ears rang like cymbals and her head pounded. I must be in shock…is that what this is? Or am I dead? Dead, too?
She heard and felt nothing, almost like she wasn’t really there. Afterward, she couldn’t have said how long she’d stood there, acting a zombie; there but not there; her body a sort of place holder for something that had said “brb” and left.
Sound came back slowly, but it returned before anything else did. She heard something…something familiar, but her eyes were fixed on the body lying before her. Gradually, the sound became words, and then the words became a voice she could understand.
“Rae. Rae! Come here. Walk around the body but don’t touch him. Come over here by me.” Dean Carter’s urgent voice beckoned her. The thought why not whispered through her foggy mind.
She let her eyes trail away slowly from the body to the dean, his face full of concern, but the pull to stare at Lanford won and she couldn’t stop her gaze from fixing on him again. “Is he…dead?” she whispered, still afraid to move.
“I need to check his vitals, but I’m not doing anything until you’re out of the room and safe.”
Safe…he wants me safe. The dean? Wait, but he’s bad, isn’t he?
Rae’s mind continued to futilely trying to put coherent thought together. It took momentous effort on her part. A warning finally got through to her brain, telling her lungs they’d forgotten to breathe, and she sucked in a long, noisy breath. The rush of oxygen flowing into her body was just what she needed, so she did it again. But somehow, she lost control of it after that and began hyperventilating. She knew she had to slow her breathing, but the rush of oxygen felt like a welcome relief and at least her brain had started working again.
She forced words out between her heaving. “Wh-What about Riley? Is h-he outside?” Still unsure if leaving the room was her safest option, Rae’s feet refused to budge.
“Riley’s a good guy. He works for me. For the Privy Council.” He beckoned her with his hand, gently but firmly, a perfect counter-balance to her terror. “Come now. Let’s get you a blanket. Your teeth are chattering. You’ve got goose bumps the size of mountains.”
Great. Hyperventilating, freezing my ass off, trying not to die…and the icky Dean is the hero? This has been a night I’ll never forget. Rae edged toward the dean, small hesitant steps between gasps for air and violent shivers, keeping her back pressed against the circular stone wall until she reached the door. Where’s a freakin’ paper bag when you need one? Then the dean pushed her behind him into the reception area, slung a rescue blanket over her shoulders and forced her to look him in the eye.
“Stay here. Don’t go anywhere. We need to talk.” He turned and stepped into the room, slamming the door shut.


Chapter 24
Why Me?

Rae stood in the middle of the reception room. Strangers bustled around, whispering and pointing to the closed door, and then to her. Someone had called 999 and an ambulance was en route. Riley been hovering nervously by her side for a while. She wasn’t sure how she got there, but she ended up in front of the leaded windows. Resting her forehead against the cool glass, she stared out.
“Rae,” Riley said, politely keeping his distance for once.
“I’m sorry I had to be such a jerk before. It’s just… It’s just that I really want this job. I had to prove to Carter and… well, you know.”
She glanced at him from the corner of her eye. “I know what? That you betrayed me? That you lied to get me here, where I almost died? That Lanford worked for my father? That he planned this whole stinkin’ thing and wanted me here to finish some stupid file my dad started?” She paused when Riley’s eyes grew as big as his open mouth. He obviously knew nothing either. She should care that she’d just given him information, considering she hadn’t really decided for herself which side he was on, but then again… She shrugged and turned back to the window. “Whatever. Thanks for getting help, but it doesn’t erase the rest. You’re gone after this year and I hope I never have to see your stupid face again.”
“For what it’s worth, I’m sorry.” Riley reached out and touched the blanket on her shoulder. “Not everything was an act.”
He dropped his arm and straightened when the door to the prison tower room opened. Carter stepped through, spoke quietly to the paramedics and then came over to the window.
“That’ll be all for now, Riley,” he said. “Pack your stuff from the dorms and one of the drivers will take you to the training center.”
Rae watched several professors and students crowd into a small area of the parking lot. Molly, Maria, Haley, Julian, Andy and Devon were down there waiting. All my friends… “How’s Lanford?”
“He’s in bad shape. Seems you had a slip of luck.” He paused before speaking quietly, “Lanford cracked his head, and it looks like he’s broken his neck.”
Good. A twinge of guilt settled in Rae’s stomach, but she quickly squelched it. He’s the monster, I do not have to feel sorry for him. “Can we get out of here?” She felt trapped inside the reception room and wanted to get outside where her friends were.
“Of course.” Carter pointed to two chairs in the corner.
“But first, we need to talk.”
Rae glanced longingly at the window to her friends below, but realized she had a few questions for two-faced Carter. She’d seen enough psycho-ness for one night, and she intended to get to the bottom of it. She led the way to the chairs and dropped into one.
“I guess I owe you an apology… and an explanation.” Carter smiled, actually smiled and he didn’t seem so old when he did it. “I work for the Privy Council and they wanted me here. I didn’t want to come.”
Rae scoffed, unable to hold it back. “Yeah, that was a bit obvious. You’re pretty miserable.” The words slipped out before she realized.
Carter scratched the back of his head, looking sheepish, which weirded Rae out even more. “I deserve that. I didn’t want to have you girls here. It was Lanford’s idea and I seemed to be the only one who didn’t trust him. He wanted you, not the other girls, but you, here, away from your family so he could swoop down to protect you and have you trust him.”
Rae stared at the hem of her Tinkerbelle dress as the guilt she’d been denying rushed out of its hidden place and filled her up. “I did trust him. He was, or at least, he seemed to be sincere and genuinely concerned about me.” Slow tears started dripping from her eyes.
“He needed to find out your ink. I knew that’s what he was after, but I had no proof and it drove me mad. I finally had to resort to asking Riley for help. He’s a candidate for joining the academy.” Seeing the confused look on Rae’s face, he added, “It’s an intense training group of tatùs. Riley was more than eager to prove himself.” Carter shook his head. “It drove me bonkers having to hang out with all you kids when I should be out in the field. I’m a man of action, not subterfuge. I’m terrible at having to wait. And having to watch you and wait for Lanford to reveal himself as the bad guy would make anyone cross. I’m sorry for giving you such a hard time. It’s not your fault.” Rae had a hard time picturing him as some British version of a G.I. Joe, but she figured maybe it was different with tatùs. He patted her knee. “You’re a lot like your mom, you know? She had the same spunk, that inner fire which makes people want to be around you.”
Rae’s head felt as if it were spinning. Now he knew her mother? She had a million questions she wanted to ask him, but not tonight. “Will I have to leave the school now?” “No. Now I think this is the safest place for you.”
He didn’t even hesitate when he replied. Rae let out a sigh of relief. She didn’t want to go. “Are… are you coming back next year?”
Carter stood and crossed him arms over his chest. A small smile played on his face. “It seems Guilder is going to be in need of a new headmaster. Which is something I might be interested in. Especially when Rae Kerrigan has another year left and, as much as I hate to admit it, Guilder needs you girls here. It’s good for everyone.” He offered her his arm. “Shall we?”
They headed toward the stairs, moving aside to let the paramedics rush by. Alone on the staircase, Carter spoke again. “I’m sorry again about Lanford. I had no idea he was in league with your father.” He shook his head. “Everything checked out. He’d been here ten years and nothing showed otherwise to mistrust him. It was only a gut feeling I had. I couldn’t use my ink on him until tonight. Then I saw everything.”
“It’s not your fault, sir,” Rae said woodenly. It came out an automatic response, with no feeling behind it. The truth was, Rae didn’t know who was at fault and who wasn’t. At the moment, all she knew was that she wanted to get out of the towers and never come back.
Carter sighed. “I’ve disappointed you and, most of all, I’ve disappointed your mother. I promised her a long time ago I’d keep you safe.”
For a weird moment, Rae felt older than sixteen, her guilt, suspicion and hurt got pushed aside. “You can’t protect me, and you can’t undo the past. Lanford would’ve found a way to get to me one way or another. He said he’d been planning this for years.”
Carter paused on the stairs. “Can I ask you a question?” He waited until she turned to face him. “How’d you get out of those shackles tonight?”
“M-my tatù.” She felt like the wings were fluttering on her back, encouraging her to tell the truth. It was an odd sensation and caught her completely off-guard. “I-It’s the same as my father’s. But different. More.” She didn’t know how to explain it.
“Did you make the ice?”
Rae nodded, her mind picturing the prison room. If her tatù wanted her to tell Carter that much, then…what about the rest? “Sir, have you ever heard of something called ‘H-O-C’ or a hoc file?”
He shook his head slowly. “I’ve never heard of it.”
“It’s something my father and Lanford created.” She went
on to explain about the video in the laptop and what little detail the headmaster had provided, knowing in her heart that she needed to pass this information on to him.
“Interesting.” The dean ran his fingers along his chin. “I’ve spent a lot of time working on your father’s jobs and experiments. Most of his interests and agendas were very secretive. Only those close to him knew, and even then, it was always very little or bits and pieces, no one but Simon had the complete picture. I’ve…the Privy Council has spent years trying to find those who’ve worked for or with your father.”
“I, uh, kinda fried the computer and there was a camera in there. I don’t know how much it recorded…” Rae couldn’t help but feel proud of the admission even knowing she may have destroyed vital clues.
“We’ll see what we can salvage from the laptop and we’ll check into the camera, too.” Carter flashed a quick smile. “Your friends are waiting outside for you.” He opened the door.
“Thanks.” She looked at the dean, who beckoned her forward a few more steps.
“May I suggest we try and keep most of this quiet? You know which friends you can trust. The rest will know the truth soon enough. Or at least, what needs to be told.”
“Yeah, I think I know what you mean.” She started toward her friends. She glanced back. “Th-thanks…” But Carter had disappeared, “Sir,” she whispered to the closed door. Maybe having him back next year might not be a bad thing.
As she turned to the parking lot, Molly came running, tears coursing down her cheeks. She enclosed Rae in a tight hug. “I can’t believe it! You’re okay! I’d have been a total mess. I’d have electrocuted everything inside, burned everything down and probably fried myself in the process.” While she babbled on, Rae stared over her friend’s shoulder and spotted Devon standing by Julian’s car. She wanted to run and wrap her arms around him.
She never got a chance. Soon, everyone stood around her hugging, some crying and laughing, all at the same time.
“Rae, your outfit’s ruined.” Molly exclaimed as Rae threw the blanket onto the back of Julian’s car.
“It’s all right. I don’t have any intension of ever wearing it again.”
“Hey, watch the car.” Julian’s lips twitched.
She gave him the bird and laughed at the surprised look on his face.
“Uh… Rae?” Haley stood a few feet back from everyone else.
Rae’s guard instantly came up. “What?”
“I’m, uh, I’m sorry I was kind of a bitch to you.” Haley stuffed her hands into the oversized men’s tux jacket she wore. “You know, the trying to hit you with the darts, the note in Professor Stockheed’s class…all of it.”
Molly leaned in front of Rae and pointed a finger at Haley, little sparks flying from it. “You’re just apologizing ‘cause you don’t want to get screwed over by Rae’s tatù.”
Haley turned red and opened her mouth, but before she could say anything, Maria elbowed her. She glared at Molly, then Maria. “Look, I said I was sorry. I won’t pester you anymore.”
“How about we head back to Aumbry House?” Julian said, “I’ve had a vision Madame Elpis isn’t going to mind if we all crash in the Game Room tonight.”
Rae grabbed his hand. Your vision turned out to be spot-on. Everything you drew was about tonight. I was the one who didn’t look closely enough at it. I won’t make that mistake again, I promise. The eye had been the dean watching over and protecting her. She understood it now. She watched his eyes grow large, obviously shocked at hearing her voice in his own head and then he nodded in understanding. She let go and rubbed her hands along her arms. The cool night air made her shiver.
“I’m giving Rae a lift,” Julian said. “You all can walk back.”
Devon came over and hugged her tight. “I’m really glad you’re okay.”
Devon’s warmth seeped into her core. He felt so good and everything suddenly didn’t seem so awful. He slowly, almost reluctantly, pulled away.
Before she could react, Julian wrapped the blanket back around her and gently pushed her toward the passenger seat. “Race you back to the dorms, Dev.”
He drove off to the student parking lot, leaving Devon behind.


Chapter 25
Hidden Wishes

The next day, Dean Carter informed the entire school during dinner that Headmaster Lanford had suffered a heart attack the previous night after a fall and had passed away. The dean wouldn’t go into details, but the look of shock on the faces of the students made Rae wish she could disappear. Only Julian, Devon and Molly knew the truth. At least, from her end of the story.
So Lanford was dead. She didn’t care. She knew she should, but she really just wanted to forget. She needed something to help her do that, so she refocused on classes, and didn’t even mind when the dean took over class in the Oratory. His attitude had changed dramatically, making it easy to engage him as a teacher and Rae began to enjoy class again. Carter never focused on or brought any extra attention to her, and she appreciated it.
The ten remaining weeks of the school year flew by. During one of the final dinners with the entire student body, Carter stood and walked to the podium. “I have a few announcements to make. First, I’d like to let everyone know I will not be returning as the dean of Guilder next year.” He paused, then grinned. “I’ll be returning as Headmaster. Someone needs to keep a good eye on you folks.” He waited till the students quieted. “Devon’s father, Randolph Wardell, will be the new dean of Guilder. All the professors are in full agreement he will do an excellent job.”
Rae sat at a table a few rows away from Devon. She smiled and clapped with the other students.
Devon seemed slightly embarrassed, but stood. “My dad’s pleased to have been offered the position.” He smirked. “And I’m happy to be graduating.”
Students erupted in laughter throughout the room, everyone but her. Rae didn’t want to think about next year without Devon. Maybe, if he was gone, she’d get rid of the crush she had on him. But who was she going to talk to about her father? Or how frustrating her ink was? Or help her deal with all the baggage and crap that had come with Lanford’s actions? She blinked rapidly, forcing the sudden tears away, and tried to push back down the anxiety that had tried to rise up and overtake her.
Carter clapped his hands for attention and everyone once again settled down. “I’d also like to mention Riley Johnson has been offered a job and is finishing the year at his current location.”
Rae’s eyes flitted around the room. The students didn’t bat an eyelash with this news. Seniors must leave quite often before the end of the year, probably secret jobs from top secret tatù businesses. No one cares that Riley left or why. No one really knows what happened that night. Molly threw an arm over Rae’s shoulder and gave her a quick squeeze, without saying a word. Rae smiled at her friend. Someone did care. She wasn’t alone, and it was nice to be reminded of that every once in a while.
A few days later, Dean Carter asked Devon and Rae to meet him in his new office in the Oratory building. Carter sat behind the desk, hands interlaced casually across his stomach in a distinctly relaxed posture that Rae had never seen him in before. He spoke first to Devon. “I’m hoping you’ll come back next year, as a paid employee of the college. I’d like you to continue helping Rae with tutoring and training with her abilities.”
Devon’s and Rae’s mouths both dropped open.
“One of the reasons is that you know the whole story. Rae will need someone to work with and she’s comfortable around you.” He straightened and rested his large hands on top of the desk. “We’ll offer you living accommodations, of course. There are two penthouse suites above the senior’s floor on Joist Hall. One would be yours. You won’t have to live by your father or answer to him – just to me.” He chuckled, like it was some kind of private joke. “You’ll be paid a very fair salary and any university correspondence courses you take will be paid for by the school.” Carter twiddled his thumbs and smiled pleasantly.
Devon glanced at Rae and then took a few moments before answering. “I’d be honored to help as best I can.”
Rae wanted to jump up and down. YES! However, the feeling was short-lived when Carter spoke again.
“We’ve been working diligently, but haven’t been able to find out anything more about Lanford or your father’s connection to him.” He nodded at Devon, but looked at Rae. “Devon’s been caught up to speed completely with what happened the night of the dance. The laptop was unsalvageable. The Privy Council hasn’t found any records or anything else regarding this so-called HOC file. Hopefully, the two of you may be able to uncover some information next term.” He stared down his nose at the both of them.
“What about the camera on the ceiling?” Rae asked. Maybe Devon and she could get some extra correspondence out of it during the summer months. And I’ll, of course, focus completely on Devon – I mean on learning.
“It was wireless, connected to some kind of satellite we weren’t able to trace.” Carter leaned forward and shuffled a stack of papers against his desk. “If we learn any vital information over the summer, I’ll let you know. If you are able to recall anything between now and the start of the new school year, write it down and let me know. The Privy Council will continue to search for anything connected to your father.” He pointed to the door. “Now, get out of here and spend a bit of time with your friends before you fly back to New York for the summer. I’m here if you need me.”
They walked down the hall and through the empty Oratory quietly together. Devon spoke once they got out into the sunshine. “I hope you don’t mind if I stay on next year.”
“No, no, not at all,” she gushed. “I mean, I really appreciate you being willing to stay here. It won’t be too bad with your dad? Doesn’t he want you at Oxford or something?”
Devon grinned, his adorable dimple popping through.
“Nah, I’ll deal with him. It’ll give me some time to figure out what I want to do with my life.” He stopped talking but stared at her, as if he had something more to say.
When the silence began to get awkward, Rae shifted her weight and glanced toward the playing fields full of students. “I should probably get back to Molls. She gets a bit paranoid now when she doesn’t know where I am.”
“I have to ask Carter something, so I guess I’ll see you later?” He didn’t wait for her reply, but headed back toward the large Oratory doors. Just before disappearing, his hand shot out to keep the door open and his head popped around. “By the way, Rae.” His dimple flashed again, “Tell Molly she did a cool job on your hair. It totally suits you.” Then, he was gone, and Rae was left feeling vaguely let down.


Chapter 26
The Letter

Rae finished packing her suitcases and checked her watch. She needed to hurry. Julian had probably fallen asleep waiting for her downstairs. She needed to be at the airport about two hours before her transatlantic flight took off. She did a final check around the room to make sure she had everything. When she came back in seven weeks, she’d be living in one of the rooms on the floor above and wouldn’t be coming back to this room. It’s a bit of a shame…
Part of her felt sad to leave, but she wanted to head back to America and spend some time with her aunt and uncle. Hopefully, Uncle Argyle would be willing to tell her about her mother and grandfather and even talk a bit about her father. She could get information out of him which she couldn’t get from anyone else, if she could get him to talk.
Rae headed down the marble stairs with her new, larger suitcases, courtesy of Molly, and set them by the door. She ran back up to grab her duffle bag. She had already said good-bye to everyone except Devon. He’d seemed preoccupied when he popped by yesterday to say good bye to Molly. She’d wanted to give him a proper farewell, but he’d left before she had a chance. Plus, she wasn’t quite sure how to handle him now…after their awkward conversation outside Carter’s office.
Julian stood waiting in the foyer. He took her suitcases from her and set them by the door. He smiled his warm, friendly smile. “I have something for you.” He handed her a white envelope.
“What’s this?” The blank cover of the envelope gave away nothing.
He scratched behind his ear. “I had a vision early this morning and thought maybe you could help.”
Rae opened the envelope with apprehension. The last time he’d handed her a vision it hadn’t turned out so well. However, the reveal was anti-climactic. Inside was a piece of paper with nothing on it. She stared at Julian, confused.
“Rae, this is going to sound kind of corny but…pretend it’s a letter. I know I didn’t draw anything on it, but just work with me here for a moment.” He paused and gave a small smile when Rae nodded. “That paper’s trying to tell you something, you just need to open your mind to what it says.”
She blinked, trying to make sense of what Julian was asking. She held the sheet with both hands and tried to pretend she was about to read a letter. She closed her eyes and exhaled a long, slow breath.
Julian started talking quietly. “There’s this dope I know, who wanted to try and write you a letter. First he tried emailing, but that didn’t work. He wanted tell you how he felt and ask you to forgive him. So, he thought that if he wrote it to you, it would be better. Except, this dummy doesn’t know how to say it. He’s all messed and confused in the head himself.” Julian sighed, as if he understood the writer’s frustration. “If this guy could just realize his feelings would explain everything to you… Ahh, but his pen never moves. The idiot doesn’t know how to start, or finish, the letter. He wanted to tell you how he’d made a mistake and he wished he’d never listened to those around him, or allowed himself to step back from you.” Julian grunted. “He should’ve just followed his heart all along.”
Julian stopped talking and Rae heard him move toward the door. She opened her eyes and stared at the blank paper. She gazed at the pretend letter for a long time and then back to Julian.
“Where is he? Do I still have time to see him before we have to go?”
Julian grinned and glanced at his watch. “You’ve about ten minutes. He’s in his room packing.” He grabbed both of Rae’s suitcases. “I’ll get these in the car for you in the meantime.” He disappeared out the door with a smirk on his face.
Rae looked down one more time. Go to him. She heard her mother’s voice and knew that was exactly what her mom would have told her to do. Rae dropped the letter and took off running through the front door toward Joist House.
She barreled through the entrance, and straight up the marble stairs to the top floor, not caring what kind of scene she made. Winded by the time she got to Devon’s door, she took a few deep breaths. She knocked once before barging straight into the room. Devon stood behind the suitcase on his bed.
“Julian, I told you already I’m not --” he stopped short when he saw Rae standing in the room.
“Hi.” All the self-confidence Rae’d felt a minute ago, disappeared. She tucked a curl behind her ear and tugged it behind again when it popped back immediately, refusing to obey. Great, here I am, tongue-tied with my hair flying everywhere…What now?
“Hey.” Devon stared at her for a moment and then focused on refolding a shirt he’d already packed into his suitcase.
“Julian’s taking me to the airport. He said he had a vision this morning.” She swallowed nervously, not sure what to say. When Devon stayed silent and continued to gaze at his suitcase, Rae mustered what courage she could find. “He said you tried to write me a letter…”
Devon’s head popped up in surprise. Rae could feel tears fill her eyes, so she glanced at the ceiling, begging them not to fall. She took a deep, shaky breath and glanced back toward Devon. She trembled as she watched him walk over to her. He put both of his hands gently on her face, his fingers silently brushing the tears from her cheeks.
“I’m so sorry…About…About --” His voice broke as he spoke. “I didn’t know what to write then, or what to say now. I’m just so sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry. It’s not your fault.” She reached up and removed Devon’s hands from her face, keeping them held inside of hers. “Nobody saw it coming. Everyone trusted Lanford. Carter said he went off a gut feeling and had to follow the hunch, hoping he might be right.” She blew her bangs from her face. “Julian’s taking me to the airport in about five minutes. I don’t want to spend the summer worrying if you’re never returning to Guilder because of me. I don’t want to lose your friendship.” I don’t want to lose you. I need you.
“I’m coming back.” He smiled and showed his adorable dimple. Worry lines appeared on his forehead as his brows mashed together. “I’m the idiot. In so many ways, I can’t even begin to explain, or try to show you.”
“Don’t—” Rae started, but Devon cut off her words off with a kiss. He pressed his warm, soft lips against hers. The kiss felt like the flutter of a thousand wings from butterflies setting off into flight. It was like time stood still and nothing else mattered at that moment or was ever going to matter again if Devon wasn’t with her. At the same moment her stole her breath away, he stole her heart.
He slowly pulled away, but barely. As he spoke, his lips brushed lightly against hers. “I have, for a very long time, been very much in love with you. I’m just a fool who didn’t know how to say it. I kept trying to follow the path everyone else instructed us to go down – the one I’m expected to follow.” Devon swallowed. “When, all along, I should’ve just followed my heart.”
Wow! Can life get any better than this? She smiled, sure the corners of her mouth were close to touching her ears. “I’ve never really been one for doing what’s expected.” She shrugged nonchalantly, but couldn’t stop the excitement coursing through her body. This is ten times better than the morning of my sixteenth birthday.
Devon grinned and rubbed his nose against hers. When a knock sounded on the door, and Rae and Devon jumped apart, suddenly conscious about how wrong this could be. Getting caught before anything had started could ruin everything, on so many different levels.
Julian popped his head inside the room.
“I really hate to be the one to interrupt the two of you, but Rae needs to head to the airport or she’s going to miss her flight.” He tossed a balled up piece of paper at Devon. “The offer still stands, if you’re interested.”
“Offer?” Rae glanced back and forth between the two guys.
Devon chuckled and put his arm around her shoulders. “Julian made two offers to me this morning. I could come with him to bring you to the airport, and try to tell you how I felt. Or, use his car and take you myself. I think I’ll take him up on the second offer.”
“You don’t mind?” she asked Julian.
“Silly girl with the super-ability. Do you think I could say no?” Julian tossed his car keys at Devon. “Just don’t let her drive. She may be talented, but she’s a bloody American.” He laughed and jumped back when Rae forced the door closed with a gust of wind.
Devon and Rae stared at each other, both smiling like lunatics. They walked down to the car in a companionable silence.
“Do you have plans for the summer?” Rae asked once they were on the motorway.
“I’m heading home for a week and then Carter wants me and Julian to come back, and apply to the Privy Council academy. Plus, my dad wants me to help set his office up.” He rolled his eyes. “What about you?”
She touched his knee, still thinking this had to be a dream. “Not much. I’ll work on my tatù, and I’ve got a hundred questions I want to ask my uncle.”
“Let me know if you learn anything. Email or, if you’re allowed, call me?”
“Of course.” She glanced at his tight jaw line. “What’s up?”
“Nothing, really,” he said. “I…I just think we maybe shouldn’t say anything… to anyone, you know, about us.”
She should have felt guarded. A boy asking a girl to keep their relationship a secret couldn’t be a good sign. But this was different. They were different. She knew they weren’t any normal boy and girl. “I think you’re right. After the year I’ve just had, and my parents’ history…We’d give the professors, and my uncle, a massive coronary.”
“We can figure stuff out when you get back next term.” He winked at her. “I’m still mentoring you, and I’ve got my own place next year. Nobody’ll suspect a thing.”
“Yeah, it’s almost as if Carter knew, when he set up the position for you.” They both glanced at each other and after a moment, broke into laughter. Fat chance!
At the terminal, Devon gave Rae a tight hug and leaned in to kiss her. A voice announced on the speakers that her flight was now boarding.
Devon deepened the kiss. Again, the flutter of butterfly wings floated around Rae. She totally got what Molly had been talking about all year. This was how a first kiss was supposed to feel. She understood her tatù’s wings gave her the fluttering wing-feeling and smiled at her deep, personal understanding.
“This summer’s going to take forever.” Devon rested his forehead against hers.
“I’ll let you in on a little secret.” Rae loved the wild abandonment feeling being with Devon gave her. “The first kiss is something a girl never forgets. This feeling, at this very moment, could carry me through a hundred summers,” she whispered, lightly pulling on her bottom lip with her teeth.
Devon groaned. “One summer apart is enough for me.”
Rae kissed his ear and whispered, “I’m glad we stopped hiding and told each other how we feel.” I can’t wait till next year, and a lot more kisses. “I guess we owe Julian.”
Devon shook his head slightly. “He’s never going to let me forget.” He wrapped his arms tightly around her waist. “It’s totally worth it.” He kissed her again.
Slowly, she stepped back from him, and, after a few reluctant seconds, he let go of her hand. “See you in seven weeks,” he said.
She laughed. “You’re counting already?” “You better believe it!”

THE END

Dark Nebula
Book II in the Chronicles of Kerrigan
Now Available





Read the next installment of:
THE CHRONICLES OF KERRIGAN




Book Trailer:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_VOo4NxGCk


BOOK BLURB:

Nothing is as it seems anymore.

Leery from the horrifying incident at the end of her first year at Guilder Boarding School, Rae Kerrigan is determined to learn more about her new tattoo. Her expectations are high, an easy senior year and a happy reunion with Devon, the boy she’s not supposed to date. All hopes of happiness turn into shattered dreams the moment she steps back on campus.

Lies and secrets are everywhere, and a betrayal cuts Rae deeply. Among her conflicts and enemies, it appears as if her father is reaching out from beyond the grave to ruin her life. With no one to trust, Rae doesn’t know where or who to turn to for help.

Has her destiny been written? Or will she become the one thing she hates the most—her father’s prodigy.


House of Cards Coming March 2014















BOOK II

Seventh Mark
Hidden Secrets Saga
Part 1 of
Book I
By
W. J. May
Copyright 2013 by W.J. May




Hidden Secrets Saga:
Download Seventh Mark part 1 For FREE
http://www.amazon.com/Seventh-Mark-Part-Hidden-Secrets-ebook/dp/B00H17FQCC/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1389412731&sr=1-1&keywords=seventh+mark+part+1

Seventh Mark part 2
http://www.amazon.com/Seventh-Mark-Part-Hidden-Secrets-ebook/dp/B00H129F0G/ref=pd_sim_kstore_6


Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-_vVYC1gvo

Website: http://www.wanitamay.yolasite.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Author-WJ-May-FAN-PAGE/141170442608149

Cover design by: Patrick Griffith
Edits by: B&R Publishing
Book II – Pride and Passion
Coming 2014


Acknowledgments
To my husband and kids – Love you and all our crazy ways. I wouldn’t change it for anything!
Proper thanks—with jumping up and down cheering, waving hands and shouting at the top of my lungs needs to be sent out to:
Patrick Griffith, who blows my mind with his talent on creating covers. Double thank you!
Chrissy Peebles, for being such a great writing buddy and always available and willing to help. Thank for you for pushing met to get this story out, I’d have never done it without you.
Regina Mitchell, a lovely editor who I have no idea how she finds the time to edit so fast.
And above all else, to my Lord and Saviour who gave me this wild imagination.
Chapter 1

Ear buds stuffed in, I cranked the volume on my iPod and clicked my exercise shuffle. I jogged down the gravel driveway and turned to follow the last bit of sunset. If only I could draw or paint…
Crossing an intersection, I headed left and let my legs carry me away from the small houses, run-down yards, cracked door screens and broken-down cars into a block of bigger houses. The lawns rolled further away from the sidewalk and the houses grew farther apart. Maybe one day I’ll buy a place like this. I snorted at the thought.
Even though I’d never admit it to anyone, a part of me is cursed. Like poison running through my veins, I’ve always believed it would catch up with me. I didn’t know the whys or hows, but deep down it seemed inevitable.
Except now fate intervened, and for once in my life, thank goodness. If it hadn’t, I wouldn’t be here, in this awesome place on the other side of the country. The whole curse thing was probably just in my head.
I gazed straight in front, between the old giant trees lining the roads. The jagged pink and white peaks reflected snow from the remains of the setting sun made me appreciate the beauty of nature. West coast, oh yeah! I smiled, unable to keep the giddiness inside. I’d lived all my life in Niagara Falls, but this—words couldn’t begin to describe this beauty.
Inhaling real fresh pine scent, not the kind from cleaning agents from the past two days, I savoured the moment. If Family and Children Services hadn’t approved Jim and Sally’s request, I wouldn’t be seeing real mountains for the first time. As quick as the bubble came up, it burst.
Next January I’d be eighteen and no longer at the benefit of the government. Jim and Sally were decent foster parents, but they also made it clear they couldn’t afford to help me with college. I quickened my pace. I didn’t want to think about where I might be in a year.
You’ll be on your own…no family. Nothing. Unwanted again. The imaginary little devil on my left shoulder laughed at me.
Music shouted in my ear, “You’re supposed to be alone. Alone…lone…lone…” I glanced at my left shoulder and pretended to flick the imaginary devil off, nearly crashing into the old high-stoned wall lining the neighborhood. Regaining my balance and focus, I pulled the iPod out of my pocket and skipped to the next song.
Street lights flickered on. My eyes had grown accustomed to the darkness without even letting my brain know. I should turn around before it’s completely black. Didn’t want to be out on my own when I barely knew the area.
A gap ahead in the high wall caught my attention. Curiosity won. Instead of heading back, I pushed forward. A public park entrance came into view. Heavy black iron gates led me onto a smooth paved entrance. A large raised garden split the road in two.
A plaque set into the garden’s stone wall made me smile. End of an Era. From the raised stones peeking behind the garden flowers, this was a cemetery, not a park. The owner obviously had a sense of humor along with the desire to create one of those resting places with a welcome. A twenty-something looking woman whizzed by on roller blades, waving as she passed.
The pathways were lit up with those new solar green energy lights. I took the first lane along the outer border and slowed my pace. The tall slate and marble gravestones were erected on the left side with an ancient forest lining the right. As I jogged, I passed through a part of the cemetery that must’ve been the original lot with worn-down, ancient-looking stones. I paused or weaved between the stones to read the odd one: “1886 John Hartzel -- 18 years of age, 1892 Patrick O’Reilly -- died too young, Tammy Fortune 1802 -1822.” What’s with this place? Can’t come here if you’re over thirty?
Squinting, I jogged closer to a raised tombstone with a concrete angel resting on top. Using my hand, which carried my iPod, I rested it on the corner of the stone to steady myself. I leaned forward for a better look at the inscription. Poor thing, same age as the others. I straightened and pushed off to finish my run. The cord from my iPod snagged the angel’s head, yanking the buds from my ears—the iPod went flying from my hand.
“Crap!” I skidded to a stop on the damp grass and used my palms to hug my ears. It hurt like a bitch. I glanced up at the stone figurine and grimaced. Imagine trying to decapitate an angel. People were probably rolling in their graves right now.
Double crap! My iPod. It better not be busted. Night had fully descended, which didn’t work in my favor. I got down on my knees and began groping in the dark, futilely trying to scan the grass. The little solar lights were useless. “Of course, I had to buy the black case,” I mumbled and shook my head as I crawled to check under a nearby bench. Cobwebs caressed my face, which had me doing a karate twitch dance as I tried to knock off any possible spiders and remove the webs.
A twig snapped, followed by a muffled laugh.
I froze, waiting, tense, my head cocked to the side. It was dead quiet. As it should be in a cemetery. No noise. Not a sound.
“Dummy.” I got out from under the bench, sat up and brushed off my sweatshirt. It’d taken months to save for the iPod. I dropped down to search again clawing at chunks of grass. I’m not leaving till I find it, even if I have to swallow some hairy, icky spiders.
“You lose something?” A low, gruff voice broke through the dark. “Or are you digging your own grave?”
Chapter 2

My heart leapt to my throat. I smacked my head on the bottom of the bench. “Flippin’ heck!” I scrambled back, rubbing the sore spot, paranoid about how high my butt hung in the air. My luck, it was probably some graveyard rapist.
The stranger said nothing. All I could see was the outline of a pair of dark with white Converse sneakers. I noisily sucked in a rapid breath, not realizing I’d held it.
“Sorry,” the husky male voice said, sounding amused. “I didn't mean to startle you. This probably isn’t the best place to sneak up on someone.” He cleared his throat. “Are you looking for something?”
His voice turned soft, but masculine. Not the kind of voice you expected to hear in a cemetery.
Then again, what kind of voice would one expect to hear?
I glanced up then fell back on my butt. A boy standing a few feet away from me definitely didn’t belong in a cemetery. Too tanned, too blond, too…wow, hot.
Very tall, especially from where I sat on the ground. I had to make an effort to drag my eyes away from his face. Even in the dark, his blue eyes flashed against the moonlight. He had the blondest hair I’d ever seen, like a Viking’s.
Not a psycho or kidnapper, just a kid like me. I relaxed and stood, brushing my shorts. Why are you in the cemetery? I didn’t bother to ask. He probably wondered the same about me. With my luck, he’d just visited his girlfriend’s tombstone. Man, I’m awful.
I quickly shut my mouth, which hung open. Coughing, I spoke a little too loudly. “I-I lost my iPod.”
Another chuckle erupted from his lips, sounding like it belonged in the movies. Hollywood-boy walked around me and behind the upright stone angel. He bent down behind it and pulled a long, white string. My eyes widened and for a split second I thought about running. What did he plan on doing? Strangling me?
Then it dawned on me, the white string belonged to my ear buds. A sure sign when the iPod followed along, like a fish on a line. The wind caught behind me and blew escaped ponytail hair into my face. Irritated, I brushed it away from my eyes.
He paused before turning back around. “It smells…” he inhaled “…like liquorice.”
I sniffed. “It smells like dead people. Well, like damp grass.” The lawn looked to have been cut a couple of days ago. Clumps of old grass lay under the cement bench, emitting a rotten smell like old cheese.
He straightened and flashed a smile, his teeth bright against the dark of night. “You’re not from around here, are you?” He held out my iPod and dropped it onto my outstretched hand.
“Got here yesterday.” I stuffed the iPod in my pocket. “Thanks. I’m Rouge.”
An eyebrow disappeared behind his hair. “Michael.” He grinned and held out his hand which I shook lightly.
Pleasantly cool. They’d feel good on my cheeks which are freakin’ burning right now. That thought made them flame even more.
“The iPod didn’t manage to pull your ears off?”
“You caught that?” Now I wanted to crawl into one of the graves.
“I rounded the bend…” he pointed in the opposite direction from where I’d come, “…when I noticed you trying to decapitate this poor angel here.” He patted the figure.
I sensed a smile in his voice.
He cleared his throat and took a step back.
“What’re you doing in the cemetery?” I blurted, unable to hide my curiosity.
“Taking a break.” He grinned like he’d made a joke. “Are you going to continue your run?” He shifted like he was surprised he had asked the question. He cleared his throat. “Otherwise I can walk with you to the main road.”
“I think it’s safer if I walk.” We started towards the main road. “Do you live around here?” I grimaced at the needy sound in my voice.
“Not too far.”
“My place is that way.” I pointed to the left.
“I’m that way.” He nodded in the other direction.
We continued in silence while I wracked my brain trying to come up with something witty to say.
“Well, maybe I’ll see you around.” I stared at my runners. Brilliant, Rouge. Brilliant.
“Welcome to Port Coquitlam, Rouge.” He started off without a glance back.
I stood admiring his…could jeans really fit that perfect on a rear end? I forced my eyes away. “He’s a guy, not a god.” My gaze flicked back when a low, bouncy noise sounded. Did he just laugh?
His pace never slowed nor did he turn around.
I started slowly jogging home. My heart stuttered and flopped against my chest. I didn’t know if it came from the near fright or the closeness of the very hot boy.
Michael was on my mind that night and again when I woke the next morning. Where did he live? Would he be at school? He seemed so cool and together. Usually I avoided guys in general, and if one did catch my eye, dark-hair, brown eyes and brooding were the prerequisite.
The next evening, I jogged to the cemetery, grinning when I passed the angel, and gave her a wink. Then I headed north, the way Michael had gone when he left last night. What were the chances I’d actually find his street, let alone his house? I stopped mid-street and turned to walk home—stalker wasn’t one of my personality traits.
Friday morning I couldn’t stand it anymore. I had to get out of Jim and Sally’s house to escape and clear my thoughts. They’d been bickering non stop about fixing the house, Sally’s job, Jim’s lack of a job and anything else which seemed to pop into their heads.
Through the grey clouds, the air hung heavy with a cool breeze hinting at an end-of-summer storm. The sun kept trying to poke its way through the dark.
As I headed out the front door, I grabbed a baseball cap in case it rained and walked towards the high school. Figuring out where a few of my classes were would save wandering the halls next week.
The limestone near the front entrance of the high school had 1922 imprinted on it... The buildings were created with copper red brick throughout and had large windows on both floors. The school might be small, but its structure was unique. An architectural plaque, showing the school’s layout, hung plastered into the brick. In the center lay a courtyard, like that of an old castle.
The very posh building and grounds reminded me of the kind of boarding schools in movies or books. It made me nervous. I hadn’t fit into the big high school back in Niagara Falls. What were the chances I’d fit in here, a small school? I kicked a pebble on the sidewalk. It was only one year, so it didn’t really matter what happened. I just needed to keep up my grades to score some sort of scholarship. Thank goodness school came easy – science, math, even English – just don’t put me in choir or art, and I’d be fine.
Running up the wide steps, I made my way inside the building. The school secretary was busy printing off papers and stuffing them into envelopes. She glanced up as the office door creaked. She wore a frilly dress that matched her horn-rimmed glasses. She might have been here when the school first opened. She smiled and walked towards the front counter.
“You must be Rouge Riding. Welcome to Port Q High. I’m Ms. Graid.”
“It’s Rouge, like row with a ‘g’ sound at the end. Spelled R-O-U-G-E; like the way the French spells red.” One day, I’d shake the crap out of the person who named me. I smiled. “My last name’s actually Rid-ding. Just spelled like your driving in a car.” Someone had a good laugh writing my birth certificate. “I thought I should come by before school started to make sure all my transcripts came through.”
“Just printed off your schedule.” She chirped like a bird. Those glasses gave her owl eyes and didn’t flatter her round face. “You don’t have any free time this semester, but from the looks of your grades, you won’t have a problem.”
“Thanks.” I took the papers she held out and glanced over the schedule.
Ms. Graid handed me a map of the school, with my classes numbered and highlighted. This woman had too much time on her hands. She’d organized and color coordinated my class schedule with additional highlighting and smiley faces. I made a mental note to memorize the map before I got caught holding it when school started.
“Thanks again.” I smiled. I was sure she meant well.
“Be sure and check in any time. I’m always here to help.” She hummed some ancient, classical-sounding tune as she returned to stuffing envelopes.
I walked out of the office and decided to follow her little map around the school while it was empty. It didn’t take long to find my way around; the setup of the small building was very basic. I loved the outdoor courtyard in the center. Every surrounding classroom had a view of it.
Stuffing the map in my backpack, I headed down a flight of stairs to make my way to the front entrance. As I passed the front office, a pretty, petite girl walked out. I didn’t mean to but I couldn’t help staring. She reminded me of someone. I couldn’t place who. She had gorgeous blonde hair, long and in a million braids. Her eye color made me think of Niagara Falls. They were bright on her bronzed face. This girl…definitely one of the popular ones.
“You new?” Her gaze roamed me up and down.
I nodded. Her voice had a tone of confidence mine would never have.
She linked her arm through mine and steered me towards the exit. “I drove here. ’Bout time someone new showed up.” Her leg kicked out and she tapped the handicap button by the front doors, letting the door open automatically. “I’m Grace and we need something fun for Saturday.”
“Fun? Saturday?” I tried scratching my head. However, being tugged at an almost sprinting speed, I only managed to tug my fingers through my curly hair. I kind of liked her free spirit and crazy pushiness. Who wouldn’t be curious if this girl was nuts or actually fun?
“I forgot. You don’t know anything yet.” A cascade of laughter erupted from her. “Sorry. The senior class has a party the weekend before school starts. You’ll come, right?”
It wasn’t like my plans were laid out for the weekend. I might get to see Michael if he attended the high school. Except, in the few moments I spent with him, he seemed older somehow. Grace was like one giant fireball of energy. Someone who chattered, so I wouldn’t have to. “Sure. Sounds nice.”
Her vice-grip on my arm released when we came to the world’s tiniest car.
“It’s a smart car. Awesome, isn’t it?” Grace patted the bonnet.
I pointed my finger at a pair of pink fuzzy dice hanging off the mirror. “I think they’re bigger than your car.”
Grinning, Grace unlocked the doors. “My brother got those for me.” She rolled her eyes but patted the dice affectionately. “Oh shoot, I didn’t even ask.” She smacked her head. “Do you need to stop by your place before we head to the mall?”
“Probably a good idea.” A change of clothes seemed required. I felt underdressed. I didn’t have loads of money, but it wouldn’t hurt to check out the mall.
Grace zoomed out of the school lot and headed in the direction I pointed. She swung the little car on my street and then slammed on the brakes right in front of the house. Freaky, as I’d only pointed and never said the house number.
She jumped out of the car faster than I could get my seat belt off. I stepped out and pulled at my shirt, not in a rush to go inside. Grace just seemed a lot classier than my dilapidated house.
“I, uh, live here with my foster folks…”
“No way! My brother and I are adopted. I totally know the feeling.” She smiled. The sympathy in her eyes too much for me.
“Maybe similar, but trust me, it’s completely different.” I pulled out my house key. “I get the feeling your folks are pretty well off. Jim and Sally are, well…they just are…They work hard, but…” Not knowing what else to say, I turned and headed towards the front porch. The neighborhood and house spoke better than I could.
Grace followed on my heels, but I didn’t miss the funny look on her face. When I opened the front door, she pinched her nose. Her face screwed up tight.
“Sorry. It’s bleach. We’ve been cleaning and painting.”
She coughed, politely covering her mouth and dropping all expression from her face. “It’s fine. It just caught me by surprise.” She glanced around. “The place is, uh, cute.”
Jim lay on the couch watching TV in dirty jogging pants and a paint-stained shirt, one of those ugly wife-beater tank tops. He lowered the volume with the remote and waved before looking over. Then his thumb hit the wrong button and channels started flickering past when he noticed Grace. Obviously at a loss for words, Jim sat up, his mouth hanging open. In the past three years, I’d never brought anyone home, and Grace was probably the prettiest thing he’d ever come in contact with.
“My room’s upstairs,” I mumbled.
“Hu-llo there.” A weird smile crossed his face as he stared at her.
Is he actually trying to flirt with her? Gag! Any minute he’d be salivating like a dog – all I needed was a bell.
I grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards my room. Her eyes were wide and bright blue. She didn’t say anything, but as soon as we got into my room, she went straight to my open window and took a few deep breaths.
“Sorry ’bout that.” My cheeks refused to stop burning. I grabbed my black miniskirt and threw a turquoise shirt over my white tank top. Pulling my pony holder out, I shook my tangles out, ran a finger through my hair and then clipped a small barrette to hold most of my bangs away from my face. Far from stunning, but at least it looked decent.
Thank goodness Jim was absent from the living room when we left. Hopefully to shower and change.
Two steps outside, I started laughing.
Grace stared at me, one eyebrow raised. “Sorry. I just wasn’t expecting…I don’t know what I expected.”
“Not taken personally.” I grinned. “He’s never acted like that before. He’s harmless, honest.” At least she hadn’t taken off running. If she could handle that, she was definitely friend-worthy.
Both giggling, we got into her car. “How did you end up with them?”
“I didn’t have much of a choice.” I shrugged. “The system kept me stuck inside it. I got bounced around a lot back in Niagara Falls, and when I landed with Jim and Sally…I’ve been with them through most of high school and when Sally got the job transfer, she an’ Jim asked if I wanted to come with them. I said yes. I have to stay until I graduate.” I tried not to let my frustration and disappointment leak into my words. “I never got adopted. It supposedly took the system forever to try and locate either of my parents, which they never did, and by the time they stopped searching, I wasn’t the newbie baby parents wanted to adopt.” I absently stared out the window as we drove. Why did I just tell Grace my sob story? It’d never been a self-pity point for me and I turned eighteen in January, so it wouldn’t matter much longer.
“Screw shopping. Do you want to come over to my place and watch a movie instead?” She swung the little car around, doing a one eighty. “We can dig through my closet and find something for each of us.”
We passed End of an Era cemetery. I held my breath, something I’d always done as a kid whenever I drove by one. Michael crossed my mind. I quickly pushed him out. “Sounds good.” My breathing resumed as the car travelled by houses and left the cemetery behind.
The road became more hilly, the houses sparse. Grace made a sharp turn, the little wheels squealing in protest. The long driveway lay between luscious green grass and red maple trees with the biggest leaves I’d ever seen.
House wasn’t the right word to describe where she lived. Church or castle seemed more fitting. Built out of limestone with beautiful architectural detail, there were unique carvings in the bricks. Gorgeous. It took my breath away.
Grace mumbled something I didn’t hear. She parked her car between a dark blue Mustang and a black Mondeo.
A sudden wave of nervousness flushed through my veins. Some weird urge to jump out of the car and run nagged at my insides. Chewing my pinkie fingernail, I tried to squash the jitters. Why in the world did it feel like I wasn’t supposed to be here?
Chapter 3

“Are you coming?” Grace held my door open as she peered in the little car. Her forehead creased then quickly disappeared when she smiled. “Caleb’s a bit dramatic.” She laughed at some private joke as I stepped out.
I frowned. “Caleb?”
“Yeah…Yeah, my adoptive father.” She gave her head a slight shake, her hair sparkling in the porch light’s reflection against the now growing darkness outside. The sun must have given up trying to get through the clouds, and called it an early night. “There’s a royal air about him. It’s hard to explain. You’ll see when you meet him.”
“Air?”
“Bad joke.” She giggled. “I meant h-e-i-r, like he pretends to be a king.” She rolled her eyes. “He designed the house.”
I didn’t get the joke, but I’d never been great with parents or any adults. Probably why part of me wanted to stay outside. Another part begged to step inside and find the peace this place had to offer.
The front steps led to large wooden doors with multi-colored stained glass insets. Grace pushed one open and ushered me in. “My room’s upstairs. Let’s check out what I’ve got to wear for Saturday.” She kicked off her ballet flats and started up the stairs, turning to wait for me.
The place screamed rich. I bet old money since everything looked antique. Grace said Caleb built it, but the house seemed from before this century. Maybe the guy dug reproductive stuff and had it all done to look ancient – like the stuff belonged in a palace somewhere. The cool windows probably made rainbows on the walls. They ran all the way to the second floor with an open concept view. A great room. I remembered studying it in an architecture class at my old high school.
Grace led the way up the winding staircase to the first door on the left. Why am I so comfortable around her? Like I’ve known her forever and yet we’ve barely just met.
Grace chattered at the top of the stairs, “I know what it’s like to be the new kid. If I’d had someone to show me around, it would’ve made things a lot easier.”
Her massive room had a king-size bed and four matching dressers, everything painted with bright and fresh colors. Stepping into her closet, I barely made it two feet. It was easily three times the size of my bedroom. Hundreds of clothes dangled on hangers, organized by color and type. Dresses hung on one side, skirts, pants, tops and blouses on the other. Massive shelves, with more shoes than I dared count, climbed to the ceiling. “Maybe you need to seek professional help.” I laughed, setting my bag on one of the shelves. “Too bad you’re so tiny, or I’d borrow a third of your clothes. You wouldn’t even notice them missing!”
Grace bounced up and down, like an elegant ballet dancer. “Tiny? That’s your polite way of saying I’m short? Ha!” She grinned. “You’re just tall. Everything’ll fit but my pants.” She twirled around the closet. “Sleep over on Saturday. We can get to know each other. It’ll be fun.”
Her face looked so hopeful. Even with the weird nagging feeling still pulling at my gut, I couldn’t say no. “Twist my ar—” I stopped mid-sentence when her door flew open.
“Gracey. You smell something? I smelled it all the way down--”
My heart stuttered a few beats before racing out of control. There, in the closet door frame, stood Michael.
His head whipped from Grace to me. Heat rose on my face. I dropped my gaze to my hands. Grace’s brother. It suddenly felt like I’d unconsciously used her to find him. They looked exactly alike. Why didn’t I put it together sooner?
Grace ran over to him. “Michael, knock before coming in. I tell you that all the time.”
“No you don’t. It’s nev—”
“This is Rouge.” She rubbed her neck. “She’s new. A senior at Port Q.”
“Hello.” His voice made me melt and freeze all over—like fire and ice.
“Ha-hello.” I cleared my throat. “It’s, uh, nice to see you again.”
“You know each other?” Grace’s head swung back and forth between the two of us.
“We ran into each other the other night – that’s all.” Michael's eyes never left my face. He inhaled, stepped out of the room and disappeared down the hall. A door slammed shut and, seconds later, loud music hit the air.
I wanted to disappear. Could his disgust be any more obvious? “I went running in the cemetery. I didn’t know he’s your brother. We just met one time…he helped me find my iPod.”
Grace came over and waved her hand. “Michael’s, like, kind of abrupt. He’s lousy with socializing. What were you doing running in a cemetery at night?” She paused then held up a finger. “On second thought, don’t answer.”
A burning between my shoulder blades reminded me I needed to relax. I took a deep breath. Screw it. Not worth the time. I’d be out of here after graduation so it wasn’t like I had to hang out with him or try to be friends. Nice try, Rouge. You still think he’s cute.
“Don’t you dare change our plans for Saturday.” Grace must have thought my silence meant I didn’t want to be here. She picked out some clothes, led me out of the closet, then flipped the light off. “I’ll tell Michael to get lost for the night. He could do with getting a life.”
“No. Don’t worry. I’m still coming.” I swallowed, glancing down the long hall as we headed for the stairs. “How old is Michael?”
“Just slightly older and trust me, he never lets me forget. I hate to admit it sometimes, but he’s actually my real brother. Sarah and Caleb adopted both of us.”
She took me through the living room, which had a huge flat screen TV and an awesome sound system. One of those wireless ones. The furniture looked antique and expensive, but very comfortable, like it was meant to be sat in. The beige and bright white accents of the room made the abstract artwork on the walls seem like they were painted right where they hung.
A woman, as stunning as Grace, sat at a desk near the window. They could almost pass as sisters. Both had similar features -- the same perfectly tanned skin and beautiful ocean blue eyes. She also had the same extremely feminine physique, but more muscular. She probably did Yoga or Pilates ten times a day.
She had to be Sarah, Grace’s adoptive mom. Sarah’s blonde hair skimmed her shoulders. She grinned and leaned against the desk, her chin fitting perfectly into her little hand. “Hello.”
“Sarah, this is Rouge.”
“Nice to meet you.” I was jealous of her perfect-sounding voice. Bold, sensual and like she feared nothing.
Grace pointed to a burnt red colored door on the other side of the living room. “That’s Caleb’s office.”
The room fell silent at the mention of his name. The butterflies in my tummy started dancing again. I’d never met the guy, so why should I be nervous about his office?
“He’s out this evening.” Sarah stared at Grace. “A meeting out of town.”
The butterflies settled a little, or maybe one managed to escape. I clenched my teeth together. Urrgghh…I hated being nervous.
“Is it okay if we watch a movie in here? If you’ve got work to do…” Grace spoke oblivious to my inner battle.
“Go ahead. I’m going to clean the kitchen then run some errands.” As she stood, a beautiful silver pendant caught my eye. I leaned slightly closer to see the detail but never got the chance. Sarah tucked it inside her blouse.
We settled in to watch the movie. I didn’t remember half of it; my mind kept wandering back to the boy upstairs.
When it finished we both stretched and headed to the hall. “I’d better get you home. Heaven forbid I get you in trouble.”
I laughed. “You won’t. Jim and Sally aren’t much bothered when I come or go.” I sighed when I realized I didn’t have my key. “Shoot! I left my purse upstairs.” I pictured it where I’d dropped it in her closest on one of the shelves. “Just let me run up and grab it.”
“I’m gonna grab a bottle of water. Want one too?” Grace turned back towards the living room and the kitchen beyond.
“Sure.” I darted up the stairs two at a time, counting my steps. I sneaked a quick peek down the empty, door-closed hall.
My purse lay right where I’d left it. Head down I checked for my keys as I ran out of Grace’s room. I glanced up in time to bump straight into someone’s chest. Michael’s. His hands reached for my elbows. I froze. He smelled so good – husky, masculine and something that made me want to close my eyes and inhale so deeply the scent saturated my lungs.
It took all my willpower to step back. Why he didn’t move away first skittered across my mind.
“Sorry,” I whispered. “Didn’t see you.”
“It’s fine.” His voice came out husky.
“Did you find it?” Grace called out from the bottom of the stairs.
Michael flinched and dropped his hands. He stepped aside to let me by. “Sorry.”
For bumping into me? Or for earlier? I had no idea.
“Good night, Rouge,” he spoke quietly. The way he said my name, I would have done anything he wanted. No one had ever put that much meaning into one little word.
Chapter 4

“Folklore.” Something about the cover made me stop working. The leather was warm in my hands, even when all the other books were cool from being in storage.
It was Saturday morning. I’d gotten a job at The Eclectic Bookstore. Liza, my new boss, asked me to sort through inventory which needed filing. Liza had a natural Goth appearance and couldn’t be older than thirty.
The store sold new and old stuff. She handed me a cardboard box of books and asked me to enter the bar codes into the computer or create titles in her system if they didn’t have an ISBN number. Not as confusing as it sounded. Once I typed in the number, the title would show up and if it didn’t I just entered the title and author, her computer did the rest. It wasn’t the most exciting job, but at least I’d have spending money and hopefully be able to put a bit away for after graduation.
Halfway through, I’d found the leather book.
Everything around me melted away, except the raised contours of some kind of beasty animal on the cover. So lifelike I wondered if it’d been hand drawn from a photo instead of being some made-up creature. Gingerly, afraid I might crack the leather, I opened the front cover and checked for a date. Apparently it had been written pre-copyright days. I flipped through, my fingers running across thick parchment and ink blotted pages. A noise inside the shop snapped me out of my reverie. I set it aside, figuring I’d ask Liza how much it cost.
The rest of the morning I spent sorting and stocking books. They all seemed to cover stories about witches, warlocks and other immortal legends. Liza had mentioned she loved old fairy tales and their history. She dressed the part and seemed to have that eerie, far-away thought and conversation process. She had the personality to suit it as well. I loved it.
When we finished mid-afternoon, she picked up the leather book I’d set aside. “Interested?”
I shrugged. “It looks old.”
She tossed it at me. “Keep it. A bonus for your first day.”
Catching it like a football, I hugged it to my chest. “You sure? I can pay for it.”
Shaking her head, she laughed. “It’s okay to accept a freebie once and a while. Trust me, it always feels better to give than to receive.”
“Except if you give everything away, you’ll go broke.” I tried to stop a grin but it managed to escape. “Thanks. See you later.” I stuffed the book into my backpack and headed out the front door.
After the dimness of the shop, the bright sun blinded me. I squinted against its glare. Slipping my other arm through the backpack strap I froze momentarily when a car sped behind me. I jumped to the other side of the sidewalk when it screeched against the curb.
“What the –”
Grace’s little Smartcar stopped within inches of my feet.
“Need a lift?” The fuzzy dice still swung from her crazy driving.
“You’re nuts!” I pounded my chest, trying to restart my heart.
She chuckled and grinned. “You’re fine. I stopped in plenty of time.” She revved the sewing machine engine. “You heading somewhere or all finished?”
I opened the passenger door and got in. “I started a part-time job today.”
“At The Eclectic Bookstore?”
“Yeah, how’d you know?”
“I saw you leave the store and swung the car around. Ready for tonight?”
“Sure. Just need to grab my stuff.”
We drove to my place. Once there, she played with the car keys and glanced towards the house.
“I’ll just run in and grab my stuff.” I opened the passenger door and tossed my backpack in the back. I dashed inside, thankful Jim and Sally weren’t home to question me. I left a note on the fridge: “Sleeping at a new classmate’s. Text my cell if you need me.” Throwing my already packed bag over my shoulder, I was out again in less than three minutes.
Grace leaned across the seat and swung the car door open for me. I tossed my bag with my backpack and then jumped in. “Ready.”
“Awesome. Let’s get outta here.”
At her house we went straight to her room. Grace ran down and grabbed a fruit tray so we could snack, chill on her bed and listen to music.
“I wonder what the weather’s supposed to be like tonight.” I glanced out the window toward the clear blue sky.
Grace jumped off the bed and strolled to the closet. “Cloudy by the lake. It’ll be cool, but I’ve got the perfect scarf for you.”
“Do you know the forecast after the weekend?” I joked.
“It’ll be nice, not too sunny, typical weather for the beginning of September.”
“Thanks, weather woman.” I laughed. “Didn’t know you were such of fan.”
She smiled. “I like to be able to coordinate my outfits to match the temperature outside.” Making a face, she tossed a scarf at me.
“Fair enough. Where’s the rest of your family?” I tried not to sound like I cared if her brother was home.
“Caleb and Michael are probably working, and Sarah’s getting some groceries. She’s very excited you’re sleeping over.”
“What does Caleb do?” Rob banks? The house was freakin’ huge.
“He’s…uh…He’s head of a big, important company…uh…dealing with medical stuff.” She disappeared back into the closet.
At least the guy had a job. I had no intention of prying as I knew the feeling too well. “What’re you wearing tonight?” The perfect question to entertain Grace.
“I went shopping today. Got an amethyst colored top and black skinny jeans.” She came out dressed in new clothes. Her pants enveloped her toned legs and the top was glued to her skin in all the right places. Even the color of the fabric made her skin glow. I wished I could look like that. An outfit hung neatly over her arm. “Here’s yours.”
“I took the clothes held out to me, catching the price on a silver tank top and awesome matching black half-jacket. It was over a hundred bucks. I’d have to work three weeks to afford it. “You bought me stuff? I thought I was just going to borrow something to wear. I’ll have to pay you back.”
“You won’t. It’s a gift and it’d be rude if you didn’t accept it.” The corners of her mouth twitched like a playful kitten’s and her eyes sparkled.
“That’s not the point.” I didn’t know how to explain I didn’t want hand outs.
“Please. I wanted to.” She signed. “I promise I won’t do it again.”
Far from an expert in gift receiving, I did know what to do or say.
My silence must have been an okay for her. She grinned. “Just check the sizes and ignore the prices tags.”
I slipped on the pants and top, somehow not surprised she’d guessed my size perfectly.
“Full-length mirrors in the closet.” She followed close behind as I went to the mirrors. “Hey, cool birthmark.” She lightly touched the bottom corner of my left scapula. “It looks like some kinda shape.”
I’d never paid much attention to it. As a kid I wondered if my birthmother noticed it when, or if, she ever held me. I reached behind, pulling the top’s strap to try and cover it. “It’s in one of those awkward spots. I can’t really see it.” I stared at my strange, but pretty, reflection in the mirror.
“You look great.” Grace beamed from behind me in the mirror’s reflection.
I’d personally never bought something in this style, but Grace had taste. The outfit made my long skinny arms and legs look muscular and sexy. Turning sideways, I checked to see how the pants fit my butt. I actually had one in them. “I owe you big time.”
I searched the mirror for her face. Focussing past her, my breath caught as I noticed Michael behind her, leaning against the closet doorframe. He’d slipped quietly into the room unnoticed. He stared at me in the mirror, his eyes bright, but his expression closed off when his gaze met mine.
He cleared his throat. “You, uh, you’re…pretty.”
“Oh no you don’t!” Grace shouted at him, waving her hands wildly in his direction. “She’s coming out with me tonight. If you want to hang out with Rouge, you ask her out when she’s available. After tonight, I don’t think that’s going to be for a very long time. You might as well get in line!”
Michael frowned, deep lines etched in his forehead. They quickly disappeared when he smirked. “No probs. Caleb asked me to drop you two off and pick you up.”
Why? The strange, secretive look that passed between them kept me silent.
Grace leaned forward and pulled the price tags off of my clothes. “Caleb just worries.” She turned to Michael. “If you’re driving, you aren’t planning on staying, are you?”
“Not really.” His eyes flitted back and forth as he looked at Grace. “Just let me know should you need me.”
Was I somehow missing part of the conversation?
“Fine, then.” Grace cleared her throat. “Shall we go?”
Outside, we walked single file toward the parked cars. Grace climbed into the back of a Mustang and pulled the seat back so I had no choice but to sit in the front.
I scowled at her. I was nervous and had no skills around guys. I’d be better hiding out in the back, listening and pretending to participate in the conversation.
Michael must have caught my expression because he chuckled as he got into the driver’s seat. Nervous, I plopped down in the seat beside him and fumbled with the seat belt. He reached over and took it from me to click it in. I let out a small gasp as our hands touched. His hand went from ice cold to searing hot.
A current of hot and cold seared up my arm, all the way to my shoulder. My free hand instinctly went to my shoulder. I rubbed it. The weirdest hot and cold sensations assaulted my palm.
Grace chattered the entire ride out to the park. I kept trying to listen, but Michael’s close proximity made it impossible to concentrate.
“Rouge?” Grace tapped my shoulder, making me jump. “Are you going to get out or just stay in the car?”
I glanced out the window. We’d parked along a line of trees with a sandy beach off to the right. “Sorry.” I fumbled with the catch in my seat belt, trying to get out as fast as I could, heat burning my face and neck.
Michael got out and held his seat back forward so Grace could crawl out, their heads bent close, talking quietly. His face was etched with concern, but I couldn’t miss Grace mutter, “I can take care of myself -- and Rouge.”
Michael set his lips in a thin line. “Fine. Have fun.” He jumped into the Mustang and sped away.
“Everything all right?” Too bad they fought. I wouldn’t have minded trying to talk to him, or simply having him near would’ve been fine with me.
“We’re good.” Grace pulled on my jacket and pointed toward the noise on the beach. “Michael’s a little, um, overprotective. Caleb’s made him that way. Michael worries way too much about me, and it’s obvious he doesn’t want you to get hurt either. He likes you. He just won’t admit it yet.”
“What?” I stopped walking and put my hand on her forearm. My heart skipped every other beat.
“He’s my brother. Trust me, he likes you.” She rolled her eyes. “The look on his face was priceless when he walked into my room. You’re definitely going to make some first impressions this evening too.”
I’d rather hang out by the shadows. However, if Michael might be interested, I think could handle a little spotlight. My face scorched. “You sure about Mi—”
“Positive.” Grace laughed. “Come on. Let me introduce you to our senior class, and I’ll point out the cute boys. We might as well make Michael jealous while we’re here.”
We made our way through the parked cars towards the music. Someone had attached huge stereo speakers to a pickup backed onto the sand. Outdoor lawn torches, which also seemed to keep the bugs at bay, were set up to maximize lighting the area. Lawn chairs lay scattered around the fire pit and small groups were all over the place.
“So, which one of these cliques is yours?” I wished I’d just worn a sweatshirt and no makeup.
“I kind of float around. We've lived here three years, and I still kind of feel like the new girl.”
Definitely a popular girl. Grace had no idea what being the new girl actually meant.
Skipping the pathway, we climbed over large boulders and jumped the three foot drop onto the beach. Somehow, Grace had gotten her shoes off before we landed, her feet barely making an impression in the sand. My Mary Janes filled instantly with the cool particles, but I chose to keep them on.
“Heads up!”
A football flew in our direction. I ducked out of the way while Grace caught it with one hand, not even pausing in her stride. A cute, dark-haired, athletic-looking boy came jogging up.
“Nice catch, G!” He skidded to a stop. “Whoa, wait a moment. Who’s the new hot-chick?”
“Simon, your ball.” Grace tossed the football expertly. “This is Rouge.”
Simon bowed dramatically. “Welcome to Port Q High’s unofficial before-school-starts official party night.” He held out his hand.
“Hey.” This guy babbled like a girl back at my old high school who drank Red Bull all the time.
“Let me introduce you to the rest of the gangstas.” He grabbed Grace’s and my hands, pulling us over to the group of guys waiting for the football. “This is Tommy, Damon, Sean and Jake.” Except for one, all were similar build to Simon. The other guy was absolutely huge with these dark, almost black eyes. He seemed to be shooting daggers at Grace.
I stepped close to Grace. “What’s with the big guy?”
“He’s interested. I’m not.” She rubbed her forehead with the back of her hand, making an “L” shape with her fingers. “Loser,” she whispered.
Simon stuck close by me, trying his best to entertain. Twenty minutes later, I needed space to breathe. I tried to catch Grace’s attention, but she was chatting away with Sean or Jake, I couldn’t remember which one. “Bathroom break. Where are they?”
“Up the hill. Over there.” He pointed in the direction. “Do you see the line of trees? Just follow them and where the one big tree is, they’re just behind there. See a few people heading back? I can take you.”
“No!” I’d rather die. “Uh, no thanks, I’m pretty sure I can find my way.” I stood and made a beeline for the trees. Glancing back, Grace stood by Simon, blocking my view of him. Quickly sneaking into the forest, I figured I had about four minutes before Simon came looking for me.
Simon was nice but a little overbearing. He seemed the long-term kind of guy. I planned on bolting after graduation. Now, Michael, he might be an interesting short-term thing. I scoffed. Who was I kidding?
The thick grass and leaves muffled the music and noise from the beach, making it peaceful. I walked farther into the trees. Enjoying the moment, I leaned back against a large oak tree, closing my eyes.
The cicadas, crickets and every other insect around me abruptly went quiet. A strange, hushed silence. The hairs on the nape of my neck rose. Holding my breath, I strained to hear something, anything, around me. Opening my eyes, I stared into the forest. Eyes not adjusted to the dark, I couldn’t make anything out but trees and shadows.
My heart hammered over-adrenalized and fight or flight screamed. Stumbling, I suddenly couldn’t remember the way back to the beach. Muffled music seemed to come from all around. Placing the sound grew impossible. The blood rushing in my ears made it even harder to concentrate.
Swallowing hard, I took a tentative step forward and froze. In front of me, a pair of large amber-yellow eyes with obscenely black pupils shone crystal-clear in the dark. A low, guttural growl escaped from the darkness. Hot putrid breath slid across my face. I nearly gagged.
Whatever the freakin’ thing was, it was mammoth. I couldn’t find an outline of its body, just a shadow. Terrified, I was positive if I screamed the thing would jump out and attack me before I could get the sound out.
“Crap, crap, crap…” Body still frozen, I looked left to right and tried not to move my head. Hadn’t Grace said she could take care of both of us? “Grace…Michael?” I whispered. Shuffling slightly around the tree, my eyes never left the spot where the wicked monster stood. Tears of fear ran down my cheeks when I bumped into the rough bark of the tree behind me.
This is it. There was nothing I could do. I’d walked straight into this den of death. Realizing the certainty, I exhaled a slow breath, willing my heart to calm. I began to hear and think more clearly. Someone called my name. The monster’s eyes shifted slightly, as if it too listened.
I managed a hoarse whisper, “Over here.”
A snarl filled the air and the yellow-eyed beast disappeared too fast for anything that size. Suddenly, Michael appeared, lifting me like a feather and cradling me tight against him. His hot chest, cool breath and husky scent distracted me from the terror behind us. In seconds, we were out of the forest, in the lightened area by the bathrooms. Grace came rushing over.
“What the heck happened?” Her brows crushed together and chest rose with fell in quick bursts.
Too soon, Michael set me down on the grass carefully, like a flower that might break.
The horrible eyes wouldn’t clear from my memory. “I, um, I, damn it! Sorry. Just give me a sec.” I pressed my hands on my knees, bending over and trying to fill my lungs with the air I’d forgotten to breathe. “I stepped into the edge of the trees to give myself a break…from Simon. Everything went all voodoo quiet, a-and this huge thing with funky eyes showed up!” I shivered, looking behind them to the trees and darkness. It had happened, right?
“Stay here. I’m going to have a look.” Michael disappeared into the forest.
I reached out. “You can’t –” I sputtered, but Grace held me back. “He can’t go in there. It isn’t safe.”
She pressed a finger to her lips. “Shh…It’s all right. Michael’s going to see if he can catch it.” She gripped my hand.
“Catch it? Are you crazy?” My voice rose and I pulled away. “I couldn’t tell where the thing ended or where the shadows began.”
Michael emerged from the tree line.
Relief flooded through my veins. Shaking his head, he looked ticked.
He grabbed our elbows and started to steer us towards the parked cars. “Time to go, ladies. This party’s over.” He turned to Grace, whispering, but I caught everything. “It’s gone…caught the scent but it took off as soon as it heard us.” His pace picked up.
Grace jumped in the backseat. Michael patiently, but not looking so patient, helped me into the front and clicked my seat belt in.
We pulled out of the parking area.
“Wait! The rest of the kids. Someone needs to warn them.”
“It won’t be back.”
“You don’t know that for sure.”
“Positive.” Michael’s curt reply stopped me from asking again.
I didn’t argue. For some reason, I believed him. We drove the rest of the way in silence.
Parking the Mustang with the same annoyingly-crazy driving skills as Grace, Michael shoved the car into park. As he ripped the keys out of the ignition, he glanced into his rear-view mirror. “I need to talk to Caleb. Take Rouge inside. Get her something sugary to drink. It’ll take the edge off.”
“I’m fine.”
“You’re in shock. Head to Grace’s room. I’ll come up later when I’m finished.” His fingers raked through his hair, he gave me a quick smile and then he ran into the house.
Grace and I made our way at a much slower pace into the house and up the stairs. I struggled into a pair of jogging pants and a tank top, my body too numb to function properly. Dropping onto the bed, I lay on my back, dazed.
“I’ll grab you something to drink.” She slipped out the door.
I thought about the creature and curled up on my side, hugging my knees. My heart thumped hard and fast again my chest. “What kinda creature were you?” I mumbled to myself. Something escaped from the zoo? A wild animal from the mountains? I kept seeing the weird, amber-yellow eyes flash against the white walls. They continued to stay there, except set against blackness.
Popping my eyes open, I forced them to blink and focus. I’d fallen asleep. The lights were still on in the room, but the house was quiet. Glancing at my watch, it was after two. I crawled out of bed to find Grace.
As I walked out of the room, Michael came up the stairs.
“You should get some more sleep.” The concern on his face made me melt a tiny bit.
“Is everything okay?” I was paranoid I might wake someone. “I hope I didn’t cause any problems?”
He smiled and turned me gently back towards the bedroom. Dazed, I crawled back into bed and watched him sit down on the edge. My gaze followed the outline of his body. I didn’t realize he’d spoken. “I’m sorry. Can you repeat that one more time?” I whispered.
“Everything’s fine. We’ve been downstairs in Caleb’s office. You didn’t cause any problems. That’s silly thinking. You don’t need to worry anymore.”
“Do you know what that thing was?”
He sighed then finally nodded. “I’ve a pretty good idea.”
“Would you care to enlighten me?” I tried to read his face but, apart from a tiny frown, it remained expressionless.
“Not at the moment, but I’ll explain it when I can.” His answer was loaded with implications which only created more questions.
“Would it have killed me?” My voice was calmer than my insides.
He sat silent for a moment, his knuckles cracking as he squeezed them. “Yes.”
“And you tell me not to worry?” I straightened, tucking my legs under me.
Forced air pushed through his nose. “It was hunting, and you were in its path. It’ll not happen again. I promise you.”
The determination in his voice made me stare at him. His head bent slightly forward, his eyes intently watching his fingers pick at his clean nails. “I don’t know why it went for you. I think you just happened to be in the wrong place at the right time.” His words came out slow and punctuated, like he’d been rehearsing them. “You need to rest.” He gently helped me lie back down.
As I drifted off to sleep, I hoped so hard he was right, even though I didn’t believe him.
Chapter 5

Something warmed one side of my face. My head instinctly moved towards it and the other side of my face cooled against the pillow. Fluttering my lids, the sun shined through the window, creating the heat. Burrowing deeper into the heavy duvet, I drifted, not asleep, but enjoying that wonderful half-awake feeling when you know you don’t have to get up and rush off to school. The scent of delicious male cologne filled my nostrils. I moved closer to the smell.
“You know, you’re very cute when you sleep.”
My eyes popped open. Michael lay on the bed, his head leaning against the headboard of Grace’s bed, arms crossed, hair perfect and an unbelievably sexy grin on his face. Last night’s memories came crashing through my mind.
I sat up, very conscious of my heavy, tired eyes and morning breath, positive the back of my head had a rat’s nest tangled in it. Why do guys always have to look so perfect?
His face lost its humor. “Are you okay?”
“I’m, uh, fine.” Just in dire need of a brush and a bottle of mouthwash. Maybe throw in some kind of manual on crazy beasts living in the forest.
“You feel like getting up and going for a drive?”
With him, no human would say no. Except…“I should find Grace, and see if she’s planned anything.”
Michael let out an intoxicating laugh. “She’s fine.” He paused, staring at the ceiling a moment. “Grace and Sarah are out running an errand. We’ve plenty of time to go for a ride and still be home before they get back. I promise. She’s not mad.” His hand came up in a Scout’s honor position.
“If you’re sure…” Guilt washed over me for preferring to hang out with Michael rather than Grace. However, if she’d gone out with Sarah, a short drive wouldn’t be so bad. “Give me ten minutes.”
I waited. Michael didn’t move. My only way off the bed would be to crawl over the top of him. Kicking the blankets off, I shuffled to the foot of the bed. Still unable to avoid not touching him, I edged over his legs and let my toes reach for the floor. My hands brushed against his shins, enjoying the hot and cold feeling his body gave off. Once off the bed, I stood in the middle of the room not sure where I’d left my backpack or what to do.
“I’ll meet you downstairs.” He dropped his legs over the bed and stood, relaxed and confident. He walked by me, his arm brushing against mine. When he opened the door, he turned. “I’ll make some breakfast while you get ready.” He pointed at the ground beside Grace’s closet and disappeared down the hall.
I looked down where he’d pointed. My bag. The door behind it led to a bathroom. Alone, I grabbed my backpack and dumped it on the bed, hoping I’d packed something decent to wear today. The leather book from the bookstore slid to the floor. I leaned over and grabbed it then tossed it on the bed, more concerned about dashing to the bathroom, showering and getting dressed in record time.
I did manage to get ready in a decent amount of time. Unfortunately, my sneakers decided to play hide and seek. Michael knocked on the door just as I was crawling around on the floor looking for my right shoe.
“Do you remember where I tossed my shoes last night when we got back?” Near the corner of the bed, a sparkle caught my eye. “Forget it. Found you.” I grabbed it and held it up triumphantly to Michael. He wore a pair of blue jeans and a long-sleeved black shirt. Incredibly hot without even trying to be. Okay. Enough with the oozing over the guy. I was starting to annoy myself with my inability to let it go.
“I made coffee and Sarah bought muffins. She bought like ten different kinds. Are you almost ready to–” He stopped mid-sentence, dropping the travel mug on the nightstand, and muffin bag on the floor. He swiped something off the bed.
I reached out to stop the wobbling mug.
“Is this yours?” He held the book at arm’s length, by the corner.
I nodded.
He snorted.
In disgust? “I got it from The Eclectic Bookshop yesterday.” Pulling my shoe on, I peered at the cover. Why’s he acting so weird? “I haven’t had a chance to look at it. It looks really old.”
“Yesterday?” He glared at the book and mumbled something.
All I caught was “…makes sense now.” I had no idea what he meant.
“We need to get this out of the house before Caleb gets home. He’ll freak if he sees it.”
“Why? It’s just an old folklore book.”
“Let’s go.” He reached for my elbow and steered me toward the hall. “You can drink your coffee in the car.”
Gravel sprayed as we spun out of the driveway. Michael finally slowed the car when he turned onto a scenic route to the mountains. He sat rigid and quiet, so I sipped at my coffee and ate my muffin. I picked up the book and flipped it open to the middle. “Holy friggin’ smokes!” The hand drawn picture was of the ugliest, crudest looking thing I’d ever seen—some kind of ancient scary mythical creature. I traced a finger along the charcoal ridges. Some kind of fountain pen ink had been used in tracing it.
I turned to the first page and read the single sentence on it. “Grollic Monstrum. An aberrant occurrence that has the ability to produce fear or cause physical harm. Can the beast be tamed? Or controlled?”
I flicked through some of the drawings scattered throughout the book. Large, dark, omniscient animals had eyes that stared directly at you from the paper. A page on the left showed a drawn photo which had been painted in. Amber yellow eyes.
I gasped and then tried to catch my lost breath. What knocked the wind out of me was cold, hard realization.
“That animal last night, it…” I couldn’t finish the sentence. It couldn’t be. This kind of stuff was all myths and legends, folklores.
Michael continued to stare at the road, his knuckles white against the wheel he gripped. His posture confirmed what I didn’t want to believe.
“It can’t be. It doesn’t exist.”
The silence drove me crazy.”
“It isn’t real.”
“They are.”
What? Wait a sec. “Not just one, there are more? H-How do you know?”
“I just do. The grollic’s smell was all over the forest.”
Turning to face him, I studied his tense profile. “You could smell it? I didn’t even hear that thing until it was three feet in front of me. A grollic?” The word was foreign to my tongue. I needed to concentrate but it all seemed ridiculous. What normal human could hold a conversation on real-live monsters seriously? “You’re not one, are you?” I giggled. He did seem to have some peculiar habits, obviously not spooky, but, in my anxiousness, I couldn’t resist teasing.
“Never!” He snapped like I’d whipped him.
I exhaled, letting my head fall against the back of the seat. “Sorry. I’m only kidding.” Michael obviously wasn’t. I’d hit a nerve with my crappy humor. A reminder of why I should never use it.
He pulled over on the side of the road at a lookout point. Something about the intensity in his blue eyes captivated me. I didn’t bother glancing out the windows at the scenery. I had all I needed in the car.
Michael shoved the car in park and drummed his fingers against the steering wheel. “This is real. There are things I’m not allowed to say,” he scoffed, “and other stuff you wouldn’t understand.”
Crazy alert. Get out of the car and walk away. My brain seemed to think it knew better than my body. I sat silent, unsure what to do.
He stomped a foot against the car floor. “I’m not sure what to tell you.”
“The truth.” I barely knew the guy and here I sat, in his car, demanding he spill his guts. I crossed my arms, ticked at my inability to keep my mouth shut.
His eyes ran up and down me, obviously misreading my body language. “I tell you a hideous creature went after you, and you barely bat an eye. You just turn and ask if I’m one.”
“I was joking.”
“Yeah, you said that.” He shifted, turning back to the wheel and staring straight ahead.
My right thumb traced the pad of my left hand. If I told him my feelings, I’d step over a line I’d never crossed before. Totally risky, but is it as dangerous as the animal in the forest last night? Swallowing hard, I hesitantly laid my fingers on his wrist. When he looked at me, I stared back into his ocean blue eyes. “I…We haven’t known each other very long, but there’s something...I li-like you.” I wanted to add it was different, not like anything I’d ever felt before. Instead, I babbled. “This may sound weird, but I can’t get you out of my head. I hardly know you, but I trust you with my life.” Horrified at what I’d admitted, I pressed my lips closed tight. When Michael didn’t say anything, I sat back against my seat. Crap! I’ve just screwed up royally. I dropped my face in my hands.
“Trust me when I say I’m not right for you.” Michael’s voice took on that husky rasp which made my breath catch. “I’m no good for you.”
My heart sunk. Grace had been wrong last night when she said Michael liked me. My brain kept sending my heart mixed signals. I responded the way I always did. I got defensive. “Isn’t it up to me to decide what’s good or bad for me?”
“I was afraid you’d say something like that.” Without another word, his hands pulled at my wrists, forcing me to look at him. The anger in his face softened as his eyes danced back and forth. His face close, he leaned forward and as he opened his mouth to speak, he brushed his lips lightly against mine. Fire and ice. Like dynamite exploding inside my head.
Without thinking, one of my hands touched his face and the other went behind his head, its fingers curling in his soft hair. Then he kissed me, this time with intention. It was intoxicating, left me completely breathless.
As quickly as he’d begun, he pulled away, heaving. “Sorry. That wasn’t supposed to happen.” His eyes were shut tight.
“I didn’t mind at all.” Could my mouth, for once, keep up with my brain and shut up?
“Rouge,” he whispered. I loved the way my name rolled off his tongue. “This can only end badly.”
“How do you know? We’ve barely started. Why not give this a chance and see what happens?” Terrified he’d push away, I reached out and grabbed his wrist. I’d never wanted someone like this. I’d been content to live my life on my own and suddenly it seemed the loneliest option in the world.
Michael rubbed the light stubble on his jaw. He appeared torn, trying to wrestle his version of good versus evil. He sat perfectly still for a few minutes and finally turned, his blue eyes boring into mine. “Screw it. I can’t fight this. Just promise you won’t hate me in the end?”
“As long as we don’t burn in hell, we’re good to go,” I joked.
His jaw dropped and his eyes grew big. Then he laughed, a deep throaty one straight from deep inside. “Alright. Let's head back to my place. Grace is already bugging me, wondering where you are. And,” he swallowed, “it’s time you met Caleb.” He squeezed my hand and turned the car around.
The way he spoke made me anxious. I thought about those terrible yellow eyes again. Thankful now it’d been too dark to see the thing properly. “What are they?”
Michael sighed. “Grollics? They’re human but biologically messed up. Something’s wrong within their natural order. It’s impossible to explain.”
I had no reply. I didn’t get it nor could I fathom it. If I hadn’t seen those freakish hollow eyes last night, I wouldn’t believe a word Michael said.
We drove for a bit in silence. My mind raced at the thoughts of a possible relationship, of monsters and of why in the world my hormones were all jacked up. Why did Michael know so much about grollics? A sudden thought crossed my mind. “How old are you?”
He glanced at me out of the corner of his eye. “How old did Grace tell you I was?”
“She dodged answering the question, like you are now.”
“You asked her about me?” He grinned. “I’m…nineteen.”
“I’ll be eighteen in January. However, I think I’m seventeen going on thirty. I’ve been grown-up for so long.”
He chuckled. “I know the feeling.”
Another thought hit me. “How old’s Grace?”
The question took him by surprise. He appeared about to say one thing but seemed to change his mind. “We’re twins.”
Totally weird. Now how’d I have a hunch on that? “How come you’re done with school?”
“I work with Caleb.”
“Did you drop out? Or skip a grade?”
“No.”
That didn’t answer anything. He obviously didn’t want to talk about it – yet. “Why the pretense she’s younger than you?”
“She is younger, by a bit.”
“You born first?” Grace had said he was older. Too many weird secrets. “Are you guys in some kind of trouble?”
“Questions, questions.” He grinned. “Has anyone ever told you, you talk a lot?”
“Never.” I shrugged, feeling giddy. Not once in my entire life. “One more question, and I promise I’m done.”
Michael raised an eyebrow.
“Why was one of those monstery-things after me?”
“Now there’s a loaded question. Caleb might know the answer.” He glanced down at the book sitting between us.
“One more question.” He opened his mouth, so I quickly added, “Can we stop at Starbucks and grab a latte? Sorry to say this, but you make lousy coffee.”
Chapter 6

Rocking slightly side to side, I now hesitated outside the house. Maybe the reason my body didn’t want to go in had to do with the horrible memory of the beast. If we went inside and talked about it, I’d be admitting it was real.
Michael reached for my hand and squeezed it, giving me the courage to cross the threshold. Little currents of hot and cold raced across my skin.
Does Michael have them too? I blinked, trying focus on the task ahead. This was serious. I really didn’t want to be some monster’s dinner.
In the middle of the living room, Michael stopped. Grace and Sarah relaxed on the couch and a man sat at the desk Sarah had occupied yesterday. My heart stuttered.
Caleb.
He was older than I thought he’d be. Maybe late fifties or sixties. The tightness in his face and posture made him appear ready to pounce. Or overreact? The kind of guy who shot first and asked questions later.
Where everyone looked tanned, Caleb was pale like me but even more so. Almost pasty white against the dark, expensive clothes he wore. He had the same intense blue eyes as the others, but with years of knowledge behind them, like he’d been through the wars. He was handsome, in a strange way, with strong facial lines. He sat almost regal.
When he glanced at me, his eyes darted from my feet to my head to my feet again, a harrumph escaping his lips.
I wanted to disappear.
“’Tis a pleasure to meet you.” He spoke with an English accent – very proper – and polite. However, his words sounded automatic—years of being taught what to say.
“Hello, Mr....” I paused. I didn’t know their last name and it seemed wrong to call him Caleb without permission.
“Knightly.”
“Hell-Hello.” Should I curtsey or kneel?
He leaned back in his chair, fingers clasped tightly together, resting on top of the desk. “It seems you had an altercation last night with a grollic.”
Wow. Straight to the point. “Michael’s been trying to explain.” I played with a loose strand of hair which had escaped my ponytail. “He seems to think there’s a…a grollic after me.”
He tutted. “Possibly, but not confirmed. That’s the first sighting of one in a very long time. We assumed they’d become extinct in this area. It seems they may have just burrowed underground.” He twirled a large ring on his right hand. “Do you have the slightest inclination why one would fancy you, of all people?”
I shrugged, suddenly conscious of the book lying in Michael’s car. I shook my head. It made no sense the two were related. “I just moved into town. I haven’t done anything since I got here. Met Michael and Grace, got a job…normal stuff. Last night, I stepped into the trees on an off-chance. It wasn’t something planned.”
“Maybe you caught it off guard. Maybe it was curious about the noise from the kids,” Sarah said.
Good point. Maybe I was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
“Perhaps…” Caleb rubbed his chin, his eyebrows drawn close together. He stood. He was a lot taller than I originally thought, at least half a foot taller than Michael. “We must remain aware of our surroundings and be cognisant of any possible threats. Grace and Michael will keep an eye on you, and we shall see if this grollic has any other intentions. Perhaps it was hungry.”
The way Caleb looked at me—or through me—I felt like some carnivore’s dinner, nothing more. I gasped and took a step back. He strode by me, without a second glance, to his office, the antique door closing with a cold click from the brass doorknob made me jerk.
“It’s just some freak of nature, some kind of wild animal. Caleb talks as if the thing can think and plan an attack. Animals can’t do that.” I spoke to no one in particular. Who’re you trying to convince? Them or yourself?
Michael slipped an arm around my shoulders. “Nothing happened last night and nothing’s going to happen to you. I promise.”
“It was definitely a one-off.” I loved it that I believed him. He made me feel…safe.
Thank goodness school started without a hitch. No monsters came knocking at my door. I did joke with Grace, with me practically sleeping at her place all the time, a grollic could’ve come but bolted when it got to my neighborhood.
It sucked but I barely saw Michael. Caleb apparently had him travelling for work.
Simon made it his priority to introduce me to everyone at school. While the weather stayed warm, a group of us sat in the courtyard every lunch break.
One Friday, near the end of October, the guys, being their usual rowdy selves, started a game.
“Rouge,” Simon said. “Are you going to come with me to the Halloween Masquerade?”
Before I could think of an excuse not to go, Damon dragged Simon to a desk chair he’d set in the middle of the courtyard.
“Help me set this up. Then let’s jump over it.” Damon pointed at us gals sitting together. “You ladies keep score.” All the guys scrambled over to join them, each one easily clearing the chair. Soon two, then three chairs were lined up. When a few guys knocked out, Damon dragged a picnic table to replace the chairs. He scraped his foot in the grass to make a line ten feet away. He declared they had to stand behind the muddy line. The remaining three cleared the table sideways. They turned the table long. After Damon and Simon barely cleared it, they pulled two together.
I leaned toward Grace. “Maybe they should fill their pants with rolls of toilet paper.”
“What’s that Red?” Damon paused in his work and grinned at his nickname for me. “Chumming up to your little pal?” He glared at Grace. “It’s obvious Red’s you’re new little Barbie doll. Poor new-gal didn’t stand a chance once you sunk your claws in her.”
How old was this guy, nine? “I have a brain, thank-you. I’m a Barbie. Maybe you’re just jealous she wouldn’t let you be her Ken?”
He stepped forward and leaned down, his face inches from mine, hot breath hitting my cheeks. “What’d you just say?”
My courage flew out the window. I dropped my gaze. His eyes were red, nostrils flared, lips curled in a nasty smile. I locked on his neck where a birthmark, which also looked angry, peeked out from the edge of his polo shirt near the buttons.
Simon pulled Damon back. “Leave her alone. You’re scaring the poor girl.”
I gasped for air, not realizing I’d held it. With a shaky hand, I covered my mouth, not sure what else to do.
Damon blinked and jerked his arm out of Simon’s grip. “Whatever. Sorry, Red.”
“You’re such a jerk, Damon.” Grace grabbed my arm and led me inside by the elbow. “You okay?”
Leaning against the cool, cement bricked wall, I tried to calm my nerves. “Bit insecure, isn’t he?”
Grace laughed. “I usually just try to ignore him.”
“How do you ignore someone so big?”
“And ugly?”
I grinned, feeling better. “You so missed your chance when you turned him down.”
“I guess he never got over it.” She pretended to clutch her heart. “It started the first week I was here, but he was just so big—”
“An’ ugly.”
“An’ smelly. It turned me off.”
“I don’t blame you.”
The bell rang. I had chemistry and she had art on the other side of school.
“See you after classes. Try not to pick anymore fights.” She laughed and disappeared down the hall.
Afternoon classes flew by. At the end of the day, I made my way out to the parking lot to Grace’s car. My heart skipped a beat when a dark blue Mustang sat parked beside the Smartcar.
Michael stood waiting between the two cars, leaning against his door.
“Hi.” I hadn’t seen him for two weeks and he looked awesome. I made tight fists, warning my fingers not to reach up to his blond hair begging to be tamed. His blue eyes piercing with their intensity, his lips and slight stubble – all of it made my blood rush.
He nodded a hello, but his face remained serious. “Grace told me what happened. I thought I might have a word with this Damon boy.”
Boy? Damon was like a year younger than him. I waved my hand. “It’s nothing. Damon probably took too many steroids and had some reaction.” Bummer. I had been hoping for: I missed you.
Michael’s head shot up and his body tensed. I turned around to where he looked.
Damon pushed through the school front doors, strutting across the grass with Simon in tow. They headed to the other side of the parking lot. He kept glancing our way with an irritating, cocky smile, but he continued to his car. He gassed the engine and sped out of the parking lot.
“Michael!” Grace’s singsong voice made both of us turn. “What a surprise.” Her cheeks and most of her face burned slightly red.
“Really? You contacted –” Michael stopped mid-sentence.
Something passed between the two of them, but I couldn’t figure out what. It might take a bit of patience, but I intended to find out. Why would Grace call Michael and tell him about lunch? It was no big deal. Then it dawned on me. “It seems your old flame’s still holding a bit of a nasty grudge.”
Grace shrugged. “You win some and, in his case, you lose again. The guy’s a meat-head.”
“Maybe it was good I wasn’t here.” Michael turned and smiled at me. “Well, if my knight-in-shiny-armor services aren’t needed; is there anything else I can help you with?”
“Well…” I said. “There is this Halloween Masquerade. We are actually required to go for drama class. I could really use a date.”
Chapter 7

Of all the Halloween themes, we got stuck with famous couples. Grace convinced Simon to go with her and she took charge of all our outfits. She bought a Spartacus costume for Michael and a Roman slave one for me. I’d come to trust her and she made me laugh with her charity shop and eBay shopping.
The night of the dance I sat in her bathroom on a stool, letting her curl my hair and pin it up. “Doesn’t Spartacus’s wife get murdered?”
She dropped the curling iron.
I swore she caught the hot part in her bare hand but didn’t even flinch.
Setting the curling iron on the counter, she grabbed a few bobby pins. “Aren’t all famous couples tragic?”
Her hand was obviously not burned. I pointed at her in the mirror. She was dressed as Fashion Fairy Tale Barbie. “I don’t think Barbie and Ken have a tragic ending.”
“Touché. But if Damon see’s the outfits, he might change that.” She giggled at my shocked looked in the mirror. “I’m just kidding. He’s the one who gave me the idea.” She pinned the last bobby pin in my hair. “Stand.”
We stared at my reflection. The faded grey-blue slave’s dress had tattered sleeves and hem but I was willing to bet, no slave ever wore a dress this formfitting. Grace had tied a black scarf around my waist for a belt. She’d bought the gorgeous pair of strappy sandals from a second-hand shop.
She traced her fingers along her collar bone. “Something’s missing.” Snapping her fingers, she disappeared out of the room.
I stared down at my red polished toe nails and leaned against the doorframe. Grace had found a gladiator costume on eBay in Michael’s size. The thought of his body in a fighter’s outfit created a tingling in my lower abdomen. I was willing to bet Spartacus had nothing on Michael. Hopefully I didn’t embarrass myself with staring, or even worse if I’d start salivating.
“Wear this.” Grace held something shiny in her hand. “It’s not a choker, but we can link the clasp on a shorter part of the chain and make it look like one.
The necklace, beautiful and obviously antique, was made of sterling and shone like Grace had just polished it. “I can’t wear that.”
“I know Roman slaves wore copper, but this is so perfect. It’s--”
“Too expensive.” My fingers had a will of their own and reached for the silver. The chain was cool, but the aged Celtic pendant had a unique feel. Heavy but…different. I couldn’t tell if it was hot or cold. I held it up to the light. The pendant turned out to actually be some sort of vial with a ruby inside. “Is this some kind of family heirloom?” I’m not wearing this -- my luck it belonged to Caleb’s mother.
“Just try it on.” Grace took it from my hand and clipped the chilly metal around my neck. Against my skin, the pendant gave me goose bumps but warmed instantly. How in the world did it do that?
“Don’t you look adorable, little sis,” Michael said sarcastically from the hall doorway. “Apparently your idea of tragedy is quite different than the rest of the worlds.”
Grace’s bouffant hairdo blocked my view of Michael’s face. A round shield covered his body, except for his bare legs and sandaled feet.
“Hardy-har-har.” Grace faked a girly laugh. “My shopping helped you though. You’re quite dashing.”
“Half naked in October? Don’t you th—” He froze as I stepped beside Grace.
Grace grinned, a wacky, I-got-you-good smile totally meant for her brother. “Come on, don’t look so serious. It’s Halloween! Let her be your slave for a night.”
Hot. Very hot. Muscles and flesh and metal everywhere. No wonder the Romans loved their gladiators. He could have been a god. However, the scowl on his face stopped me from sharing my thoughts.
He glanced back and forth between the two of us. His face then broke into a half-smile. “You do make a sexy slave.” He walked over and reached for the necklace’s pendant. It seemed to burn with his touch. His fingers cooled the skin against my collar and neck.
My breath caught. “This isn’t Caleb’s, is it?”
He chuckled. Leaning forward, he gave me a tender kiss on the forehead. “It’s definitely not Caleb’s.” He tucked a stray curl behind my ear.
My head spun. I wasn’t sure if it was from the moment as it seemed like something deeper than just words were being said, or if it was Michael’s close proximity, or the fact I’d forgotten to breathe.
Grace sighed quietly. I guess we should get going.”
We headed down the stairs. I stared at Michael’s almost bare back. Nice tight muscles, smooth skin with slightly protruding boney shoulders. The guy probably had zero body fat.
Sarah waited at the bottom with a digital camera. She snapped a photo and looked at the screen. “There’s a back flash from Rouge.” Sarah glanced up and stared at my neck, her eyes grew big. “Michael, did you put the Siorghra on her?” She sounded…almost hopeful.
I stopped on the second to last step. What the heck’s going on? These people seemed to be leaving half their sentences inside their heads. What’s a Senora, or whatever they called it? There was obviously some hidden meaning. More strange secrets. I intended to find out, after I knocked the necklace against the back of the head of Grace.
“Grace put it on.” Michael winked.
At me or Sarah? I couldn’t tell.
“It suits the outfit, doesn’t it?” Grace, grinning like a madman, finally spoke up.
“It looks gorgeous. Rouge looks gorgeous.” Sarah opened a closet door. “Sweety, take this scarf wrap, in case you get cold.” She held a sapphire blue scarf out to me.
“Thanks.” I wrapped the pretty scarf around my wrist not sure if I’d need it. Better to have it and not need it.
We drove to the school in Michael’s car. My gladiator would never ride in a tiny Smartcar. The music could be heard from the parking lot. I climbed out of the car, setting the scarf on top as I flipped the seat forward so Grace could crawl out.
We walked around the side of the school and found Simon leaning against the wall outside the gymnasium, dressed as Tuxedo Ken.
He grinned when he saw Grace. “It’s about time. I was beginning to think you were going to stand me up! Damon said—”
“He here?” Michael glanced around.
“Damon?” Simon’s eyebrow’s mashed together. “No, he had some family function or something.”
“Probably couldn’t find a date.” Grace whispered.
We headed inside. The gymnasium had been transformed. There were flickering lights set against the walls to look like fireplaces, roughly hand made tables and benches lined one side and students sat drinking, snacking and laughing. Painted brick patterns covered the walls and floors. A pair of thrones sat on the stage with stage. An ancient castle made to look present day. A big cauldron filled with fruit punch stood to the left of the stage.
“I’ll get us some drinks.” Michael gave my hand a light squeeze before disappearing into the crowd.
I shivered. The janitor had probably put the fans or air-conditioning on in the gym. Realizing I’d left the scarf on the hood of the car. I leaned toward Grace. “I’ll be right back.”
Jogging to the car, I hoped it hadn’t disappeared. It wasn’t on the top where I’d left it. Bending down, I looked under the car and frowned. Not there. I straightened and checked the top of the trunk and hood. The wind had blown it against the wiper and luckily it had caught on the end. I wrapped it over my shoulders.
I turned around to head back to the gym and nearly jumped out of my skin. Damon stood before me, his arms crossed tight over his chest.
“Sheesh. You scared me.” I swallowed. “I didn’t hear you come up.”
“Did you come with her? Simon said he was going as her flippin’—Ken.” He spat on the ground and then leaned forward, his pitch black eyes and hot breath smacked against my face like a slap. “I’m obviously concerned for his safety.”
This guy’s freaking nuts. “I’ve no clue what you’re talking about.” Was he drunk? As I looked into his eyes to see the tell-tale red on white, Damon stepped back, like I terrified him.
“You are so going to burn in hell for this one. You think you can squirm your way into that family?”
He was crazy. “You’re the stupidest person I’ve ever met, and believe me I’ve met some real idiots.”
“Listen, bi--” he stopped mid-sentence and reached for my neck.
Jammed between him and the Mustang, I had nowhere to go. My hands curled into fists and rose by my neck, trying to protect it. Was he going to strangle me right in the school parking lot?
Instead, he stepped back again, pulling one hand back like I’d burned him. He swiped at my throat with the hand still in the air.
He’s trying to grab my necklace. I clutched the pendant, worried he’d lean in and rip it off.
Instead, he kept his distance, but the venom in his voice couldn’t be missed. “So help me, Rouge. If you ever come near me again, I’ll destroy you. I know exactly what their kind are. And I’m not alone. More know. Lots more.” He snorted, pointing at me. “Yeah, you tell your precious Michael that. Let him know we’re going to annihilate him.” He turned and ran off into the darkness.
He’s definitely crazy. I couldn’t move. I’d forgotten how to breathe. My brain told my body to walk back to the gym, to get there as fast as I could, but I stood frozen, clasping the pendant protectively in my hand.
“You okay? What’s taking so long?” Michael walked around the front of the car.
I jumped. Dazed, I stared at him. What had Damon meant about Michael’s kind. “I, um, left Sarah’s shawl on top of the car and came out to get it. D-Damon stopped by…” my voice trailed off.
“What?” Michael swung around, doing a three sixty. “Where’d he go?”
“I dunno.” I raised my hand and twirled my fingers and then snapped. “One moment he was here and the next, gone.” I stared into the darkness where Damon had disappeared.
“Let’s get outta here.” He unlocked the car doors.
I blinked, trying to focus. “We can’t just leave Grace.” Damon could go after her.
“I’ll let her know.”
“No. You wait here and I’ll ask Simon to drive Grace home.” I needed a moment to catch my breath and my nerves.
“I can – never mind.” He shook his head. “Go. I’ll make sure Damon’s sorry ass isn’t poking around.”
“I’ll be right back.” I sprinted off to the gym. My wobbly legs needed to run out the adrenalin stuck inside them.
Grace wasn’t hard to spot on the dance floor. She looked like she’d been expecting me. Simon seemed to be dancing on his own.
“Do you mind driving Grace home?” I asked him.
He replied before Grace had a chance. “Love to! What kind of Ken would I be?”
Grace shook her head, looking directly at me. “What’d he want?”
Did she mean Damon? I hadn’t mentioned a thing. I swallowed. Damon had taken off in the other direction. He wouldn’t come back tonight. “Michael and I just want to hang out.”
Simon put his hand up for a high five, which I slapped, not understanding why.
“You go, girl!”
“You’re still sleeping over, right?” Grace asked.
“Yeah, I’ll see you back at the house.” I gave her a hug and went to meet Michael waiting in the car.
We sat in silence as Michael drove. Staring absently out the window, I tried to figure out Damon’s weird behavior. Maybe he was on drugs. Maybe he had something wrong with the processes in his brain. The lack of cars and streetlights stopped my train of thought. A bluish hue covered everything from the bright night sky. “Where’re we going?”
“We have a cabin by the lake. I figured we could hang out there for a bit.” He let his foot off the gas. “That doesn’t sound right at all. We hit a Tim Horton’s.”
“Should I be scared?” I teased. “You’re taking me to a hidden cabin in the woods and next week will I be the front headlines in all the national papers?”
“Ha-ha.” He laughed sarcastically. “The place is like fifteen minutes away. I just thought it’d be easy to talk there. I go when I want some peace and quiet.”
“Then let’s go. We’re almost there now.” I trusted Michael and I had a few questions myself.
He flipped the blinker on and headed onto the exit. “It’s just a couple miles down the road from here.”
Ten minutes later he pulled onto a gravel lane. He drove the car easily through the dark forest. A cabin stood in the distance with a glass lake stretching behind it. The cabin was the kind you saw in those country magazines. Modern, with a vintage look but absolutely gorgeous. Michael, still in his Spartacus outfit and oblivious to the cool air, opened the door and switched lights on as I followed him in.
Simple shades of beige colored the walls, mixed in with wood and brown leather furniture. My gaze caught on the six tall windows facing the lake. The lack of style inside the cabin disappeared by staring out those windows.
“I’ll get a fire going.” He opened a brass ornately decorated box and started to toss the wood into the brick fireplace. He had the logs snapping and flames dancing in moments.
Taking my hand, he pulled me over to the couch.
My legs barely touched the leather, and he leaned in to kiss me.
I returned with frantic kisses while his hands roamed down my back, his fingers finding their way to rest along the spaces between my ribs, his nails scraping against my shirt. Everywhere he touched shocks of longing started on my skin and ran through my blood to my heart. I swear I was going to explode.
Groaning, Michael gently, but firmly, pushed me away. I didn’t want to stop, he tasted like I needed more of him. I leaned in to fill the space between us. The fire’s reflection danced against his bare shoulders.
“Rouge,” he whispered, “we need to talk. If you keep doing this, we’re not going to get anywhere.”
“I really don’t have anything important to say.” If we talked, something would change. Don’t know why I knew it, but I did. Couldn’t I just have this moment -- for like ten minutes?
“Rouge.” The warning tone in his voice made me straighten and watch him. He was right. We needed to talk.
Michael stared into the fire, resting his elbows on his knees and rubbing his hands together. He sat quiet, both of us trying to catch our breath.
Finally, he sighed. “What did Damon want?”
I shrugged. “He doesn’t like your family much.”
Michael sat rigid. “Tell me exactly what happened.”
“It was stupid. Total loser. He acted all worried about Simon. Then he looked at me like I scared him.” I paused, waiting for Michael to stop clenching and unclenching his hands. “The guy's psycho. I thought he was going to steal the necklace.”
Michael inhaled and exhaled loudly, his nostrils flaring.
Something about Damon’s comments gnawed at me. I tapped a finger against the top of my knee, not sure if I should ask Michael or just ignore Damon’s useless babble. Honesty or nothing. I took a deep breath. “He said he knows what you are. What the heck’s he talking about? Is Caleb part of some sort of mafia?”
Michael snickered then covered his mouth. “Sorry. That was rude of me. Trying to picture Caleb eating spaghetti like some TV mafia-guy...” He shook his head. “If you knew Caleb, you’d get it.” He moved, and shifted me as well, so we sat facing each other. He took my hands and rested them on his knees, laying his on top.
More strange talk. Maybe there was something wrong with the water here. I pulled a hand out of Michael's and touched the pendant. “What is this necklace?”
Ignoring my question, Michael stared at the window behind me. “Damon knows what the pendant stands for. He knows who we are.” He removed his hands from mine and began picking his perfectly clean fingernails.
Why the sudden nervousness? “What?” I’d get answers tonight, if I had to shake them out of him. “Whose necklace is this?”
“Mine,” he whispered, not looking up.
I slid the pendant along the chain. Not really a surprise, is it? “What’s inside?”
“Blood…my human blood.”
Wha-? I didn’t expect that as a reply. The pendant dropped with a clunk against my chest. “If it’s you’re blood, why wouldn’t it be human?”
Michael rubbed his face. “It’s complicated. Grace has one as well. We all do. It’s called a Siorghra.”
“Siar—a what?” Crazy alert -- again. Get out of the cabin and start running through the forest. Nah, you know what happens in horror movies. I ignored my own warning, too curious about the necklace and what Michael might say. I held my tongue, waiting for Michael to wrestle with whatever demons he was fighting and explain what on earth he was talking about.
“The Siorghra was created as a link. It’s Gaelic, a term for eternal love. Sarah and Caleb wear each others. Once on, it can never come off.”
I reached for the pendant. I’d be wearing this for the rest of my life? “What! Never?”
“I didn’t put it on you, so it can be taken off.” Michael sighed. “I meant it won’t fall off or be broken unless specific things happen.”
“Like what?”
“I have to put it on you, it’s my blood.”
Freaky—but kind of romantic at the same time. “You’re sister’s pretty gutsy.”
“Yeah, she likes pushing me when she can.” He chuckled and relaxed. They obviously had sibling affection I’d never experienced.
“Is this something Caleb’s family created?”
“In a way.”
I hated how he was answering my questions with bits and pieces. Sighing, I blew the bangs away from my forehead. “What’s going on? You want to talk, but you’re not really telling me anything.”
Michael pushed off the couch and began pacing in front of the fire. His costume clinked and sparkled against the flickering light. I kind of hoped it would irritate him and he’d pull the top off. He paced back and forth about ten times. Just when I was about to suggest we head back, he began talking.
“That—” He pointed to the pendant on my neck “—is the last bit of me that still holds life.”
“What?”
He stopped pacing. “I’m not who you think I am.”
Ah, double crapper. I didn’t know what was going on, but after seeing that beast a few months back nothing would seem unbelievable. “You acted all scared about the book I got, but then got ticked when I asked if you were one of those Grawlics.” I started laughing, the nervousness inside of me escaping.
“Grollics,” he corrected. “I’m not one. We are in no way related. But… we are the same in a sense.”
“You’re kidding.”
“I wish I was.” He sat down beside me.
The sadness in his eyes tore little bits off my heart. “What’re you trying to tell me?”
He stared at the necklace. His eyes were bright blue against the reflection of the fire, almost aqua-green in color. “I’m not like you...anymore.”
I couldn’t get my head around this conversation. “It doesn’t make any sense. You said this is your blood.”
His eyes closed. “Grace and I, we were…like you… about a hundred and forty years ago. The man I knew as my father wasn’t my… my biological father. Grace and I never knew.”
This was jacked up. “What happened?”
“Our…My mother was raped before she married my father. On the day of their wedding, just before they took their vows. She never told us, we learned about it after her death.”
My mouth fell open. “That’s awful.” What a secret to carry. “Maybe your dad really was your father.” I felt I was grasping at straws. “You know, fifty-fifty chance.”
“No,” he spoke sharply. “Mother was raped by someone you could never imagine.”
“What do you mean?” I couldn’t believe I was actually having this conversation, and believing it.
“You know those Greek mythology stories about the gods coming down and having children with humans?”
My eyes grew huge. “You’re the son of Zeus?”
“No.” He shook his head and dragged his fingers through his hair. “Shit! I’m screwing everything up. I was trying to use it as a comparison. The Greeks used these folklore stories because they are partially true, they just got the heavenly participants mixed up.” He waited, obviously wanting me to guess.
“Okay,” I said slowly. “You’re a soul returned back to earth. Or, you’re living some reincarnated life?”
“No. I’m part…” He began pacing again.
Something clicked in the back of my mind. “Angel?”
“Sort of.” He threw his hands in the air. “This is so hard to explain. Grace used to joke about angels, saying we were distant third cousins, once removed.”
“An angel raped your mother?” That didn’t make sense. Impossible.
“I know what you’re thinking, but not all angels are good. They come from both ends of the spectrum. We’re not angels. My mother was not an angel. We still don’t know the entire process or what exactly created us. We think it may have something to do with fallen ones but aren’t completely sure. One thing for sure, Caleb is different than us.”
“Caleb’s one, too?” This was unbelievable.
“We all are. Sarah found Grace and me. She met Caleb later and they gave each other their Siorghra.” He tapped his head, as if trying to knock out a noise.
I thought about how similar Sarah, Grace and Michael looked with their tanned skin. Except Caleb’s so… so dark. Well, he was pale, but he seemed… I didn’t know. Maybe he came from the bad guys. The only thing he had in common was –“You all have blue eyes.” So they’re some kind of immortal.
Michael’s brows went up in surprise. “Grace and I had brown. They turned blue when we died.”
“What? Dead?” I rubbed the heel of my palm against my forehead. “Slow down a bit. I think I’m missing something here.”
He sighed. “Grace and I didn’t know until we were killed.”
Killed?
Chapter 8

“What?” My back burned near my left shoulder blade. I reached behind and rubbed the muscles. Could this conversation get any stranger? Was I actually starting to believe him?
“That’s the worst thing about being one of us, being a slightly Nephilim. You don’t know until you’re dead.”
“Nympho?” Wait. That didn’t sound right. My cheeks went hot.
Michael laughed. “I’m not a nymphomaniac – at least, I don’t think so. We’re sort of Nephilim. Fallen angels. Only a small, tiny part, we’re also something else.” He paused. “It’s really complicated.”
I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. What could I say?
“You know, I’ve never told anyone.” He swallowed and rolled his eyes at the ceiling. “Caleb’s going to peel a layer of skin off me when he finds out I’ve told you.”
“That’s horrible!” Caleb was a monster, probably related to the Grollics.
“Not literally. He’s just going to be pissed.”
I stood, feeling the need to get my bearings. Everything felt backwards. I rolled my shoulders trying to get the burning muscles on my left side to relax. “This is way too much.” I rubbed my eyes, not caring if my makeup smudged.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything. The world’s complicated enough and I just threw more confusion into it.” Michael checked his watch. “It’s getting late. I guess we should probably head back to the house.” He pulled his ear. “Sheesh! Grace won’t let up. She wants to know where we are and if everything’s all right.”
“Say what?”
He chuckled, breaking the intensity of the moment. “Might as well spill it all. It’s different between Grace and me. We’re twins, born and killed at the same time. Caleb’s never seen it before. And he’s seen a lot.
I basically filed most of what he said into my brain to try and think about later. I stuck to the basics. “So, you can read her mind because of it?”
“Sort of. Grace and I are kind of unique - like talking on the phone without the phone. We can tune each other out whenever we want. I can’t read Grace’s private thoughts anymore than she can read mine.”
Despite the seriousness of the situation, I giggled. “I got a feeling you tune her out a lot more than she does you.”
“A little.” He smiled, his eyes flashing.
“Why do you all have the exact same eye color?”
Michael glanced at the pendant around my neck. “Caleb figures when we die, our blood loses its oxygen. Blood turns blue without oxygen.”
Like our veins. “You don’t age? If you’ve been around for a hundred and forty years and Caleb’s been around for, like, forever…”
“You remain the age you were at the time of your death.”
“But you and Grace are so young.”
“Long story.” He checked his watch again. “Too long to get into tonight.”
I planted my legs and crossed my arms. This was way too fascinating to have him just tell me a little and say it’s time to go. “I’m not finished. I have more questions.” I hadn’t even started to scratch the surface. “What’s with Caleb?”
Michael began pushing the logs around in the fire with a cast iron stick, trying to get it to die down. “He’s an original of the Coven.”
“Coven?” I sounded like a parrot. It sounded like some vampire story. Next he’d be telling me they existed as well.
“Kind of like royalty…original bloodlines. That’s another very complicated story. There are not many of his kind. He’s extremely powerful and much respected in our world. No one crosses him. He’s monumental to all of us.” Michael shook his head, his hair falling forward. “We really need to get back to the house. I didn’t take my phone and Caleb’s bugging Grace now.”
“Fine.” I grabbed my shawl off the couch. “We’ll go, but you’re driving slowly. I have a million questions.”
Michael smiled. “I’ve a feeling they’re never going to end.” He killed the fire and we left.
My brain wouldn’t stop humming as we drove. “If you and Grace were together when you… when you…” I couldn’t finish the sentence. “Did Caleb find you after?”
Michael focused on the road, his tanned knuckles white as he squeezed the wheel. “Sarah found us. We had no idea what was happening, but she knew.” He was silent for a moment, either concentrating on the stop light, or reliving what happened. He cleared his throat. “Caleb met Sarah a bunch of years later, after she’d adopted us. He saw her and immediately gave her his Siorghra. She did the same without question. They were simply drawn to each other. Caleb had been alone before he met her. She was his first.”
I stared at my Spartacus sitting so close, but seeming from another world. There was so much information to sort through. It didn’t scare me, but rather fascinated me. It was like I’d been waiting all my life for him. I’d never fit in anywhere and this all made sense, like it was a part of me or my ancestry. I don’t know why I felt the ties, but another part of me was horrified at the thought. What I did understand: I wanted to wear Michael’s Siorghra more than anything. It also made me wish I had one to give him.
We pulled into the driveway and walked silently to the house. Doubt began to fill my head. What if his family was angry I knew their secret? What would Caleb say? Michael took my hand and pulled me closer to him as we reached the front steps.
Brushing close, his silk skin touched mine and I groaned. “I need to change. I can’t talk to your family wearing this.”
Inside, Michael led me straight upstairs.
“I gotta change, too.” He kissed my forehead and turned toward his room. “Take your time. I’ll meet you downstairs.”
I walked into Grace’s empty room. Changing into a pair of jeans and plain long sleeve top, I kept Michael’s Siorghra on and slipped it inside my shirt. Time to head into the lion’s den.
First, I needed to pee. I slipped into the bathroom.
“You okay?”
I nearly jumped ten feet when Grace spoke. I switched light on. She sat on the counter, her bare feet swinging in the air.
“You scared the heck out of me!” My heart felt ready to explode, and there she sat, all chipper and smiley. “Why’re you sitting in the bathroom, in the dark?” I punched her shoulder.
“Wasn’t sure if Michael would come in the room too. Didn’t know if you needed some privacy.” Grace tilted her head. “Sooo, you know our dirty little secret.”
“Kinda.”
She slid off the counter and staring at me. Then suddenly she lunged at me and swung her arms around me, hugging me tight. It was a moment before she let go and it took me a moment longer to catch my breath. “I knew you were special the moment I saw you. I knew you’d totally get it.”
“You’re crazy. Even nuttier for putting the Siorghra on me.” I touched the necklace, loving the feel of it but not wanting to admit it.
“You needed to know. I figured Michael would tell you tonight if I did. I’ve no idea how, but you’re involved in this as well. I feel it.” She stepped back and stared at me intently. “You don’t care about what we are, do you?”
Me? Involved? How and in what? “Why should I judge you? I liked you before and nothing’s different.”
She squealed and hugged me again, shorter in length but still enough to knock the wind out of me again. “It’s about time Michael met someone. You are so worth keeping around.”
I wanted to ask if I might be like them. Maybe I was some sort of fallen whatever they were. It kind of makes sense. I didn’t know my parents and always had the feeling of needing my freedom – that there was something more out there.
“They’re waiting. You ready?” Grace interrupted my thoughts.
My throat suddenly dry, I nodded. “Wait. I need to pee.”
Like a best friend, she waited in the hall and we headed downstairs together. Heavy silence greeted us in the living room. Michael sat on the couch, dressed in jeans and a white shirt. Grace pulled me into the room and set me between her and Michael.
Caleb sat by the desk. Sarah stood behind him, her hand on his shoulder. They made a stunning couple, and also frightening in a way I couldn’t quite grasp.
“Rouge knows,” Michael said in a low voice.
Caleb's eyes narrowed as he stared at me. He didn’t say anything for a few minutes. Then completely ignoring me, he turned back to Michael. “I never considered you an idiot.”
My breath caught in my throat. I figured he’d be angry, but I didn’t think he’d act like I was some kind of insignificant fixation. I opened my mouth to say something and then closed it. It’s not my turn to speak. This conversation was between Michael and Caleb.
“I’m not.” Michael’s jaw twitched. “Rouge’s not what you think. She’s trustworthy.”
“It goes against the Coven and its plans.” He cleared his throat. “This’ll only bring trouble upon all of us –your family. You need to consider this very carefully. I will ask once, what are your intentions?”
“I’m not sure. I need time to think things through.”
“Think things through? Do you think you should have considered that before you went and told her? Decide, Michael. I am not willing to risk our safety for this child. A girl, who you know nothing about. Do you know her past?”
My past? I had nothing to hide. I literally had nothing.
“I understand your concern.”
How did Michael stay so calm sitting on the couch? I couldn’t stop my right knee from bouncing.
Michael leaned forward. “Rouge’s not the issue. What happened tonight is. While we were at the school, a boy approached her. He saw my Siorghra on her neck. He threatened her, threatened us.”
“You put your Siorghra on her?” Caleb screamed.
Grace spoke matter-of-factly, “No, I did…to go with the costume.”
Caleb threw his hand up to stop her. “I’ll speak with you later.” His eyes whipped over to me. “Who’s the boy?”
I swallowed, trying to push the butterflies back down my throat. My shoulder blade began burning again. “Damon said… he knew what you are…” I took a deep breath. When Caleb didn’t reply I added, “He plans on destroying you.”
“He what?” Caleb roared. His nostrils flared, and faster than I’d ever seen anyone move, he flung the desk across the room. Papers flew everywhere, as if trying to get away from him. “A boy? A damn boy tried to intimidate my family? Impossible!” He glared at all three of us on the couch. “Is this the first time?”
My butt clung to the couch beneath me and I leaned against Michael’s shoulder. How could someone toss a desk like it was a book? Forcing courage, I made myself sit straight.
Grace didn’t even flinch at Caleb’s outburst. “Damon hit on me a while back and got no where. He’s nothing, just a boy who’s jealous. He doesn’t know anything. It’s a bloody game.” She glanced at me before shifting back to Caleb. “He’s got a bit of a grudge and took it out on Rouge at school when were we hanging out in the courtyard a while back. He’s not worth it.”
Caleb paced, his hands clenched behind his back. “This boy threatened you?” He turned and glowered at her, his eyes shone a brilliant blue. I pressed myself closer to Michael as he continued, “And you did nothing?”
Sarah interrupted, “He’s human?”
Michael nodded. “He’s young. Too young to be—”
“He’s just an idiot on a steroid rant.” Grace met Caleb’s stare and then purposely turned to the overturned desk.
Caleb’s angry voice rang across the room. “Is there anything about this person you do know? Who’s his family? His friends? Is he a serious threat? What and why does he know? Something’s being missed. A random nobody does get what the pendant represents. Does he need to be eliminated?”
Sarah touched his shoulder. “We can’t get rid of him until we understand what he knows. Who he’s with. Kill without questioning him and we accomplish nothing. We must remove the threat–all of it.”
She sounded military. What kind of lives had each of them led? What had they done in order to survive undetected to the human eye?
Caleb stood statue still. “Michael, find out about this idiot, and if he and his little posse are any hindrance to us. Get rid of the girl, she’s of no use.” He dismissed us with a wave of his hand and stomped to his office, the slamming blood-red painted door reverberating throughout the house. Some kind of crystal shattered in the kitchen.
Sarah touched Michael’s shoulder. “I’ll talk to Caleb.” She kissed him on the top of his head, and went into the office.
“This isn’t good,” Grace whispered, more to herself than us.
“Michael,” I said, my world crumbling and knowing I had to do what was right. “I don’t want trouble with Caleb. He’s right, your family comes first.” I reached and squeezed his hand before standing. “Take care of what you need to. I’m going to head home.”
He stayed seated on the couch, looking confused.
Grace jumped up and ran to the hall. “Take my car.”
I caught the keys she tossed me automatically, like a robot, and watched her run up the stairs. Michael sat still frozen on the couch. All of a sudden my heart began tearing. He’s not going to fight for me. There’s no such thing as a white knight. After everything I’d learned, he hadn’t told me everything. I wasn’t supposed to be here.
I walked the few steps back to him and leaned forward to lightly brush my trembling lips against his cheek.
He whispered in my ear, “It’s not safe for you to be with us. I knew this was too dangerous. I should never have talked to you that night you were running. This is all my fault.” He gently traced my lips with a finger. “I’ll try and come for you, but it’s better if you just forget about us. Act like we never existed.”
In dead silence, I left the house. First there’s Grollics and now… It was too much for my little head to comprehend. Driving home I realized I still had Michael’s Siorghra. I snorted. Well, at least he’ll have to see me one more time.
I couldn’t shake the terrible sense of doom. We’d just been on the edge of something that felt so real. For the first time in my entire life, I was crying for someone I loved.
Chapter 9

The next morning, I couldn’t tell if my head or heart hurt worse. My eyes stung from the tears I’d shed and my throat killed from the crying it had tried to swallow. However, my shattered heart made the thought of getting out of bed almost too hard to bear. Tempted to skip school I only went because I hoped to see Grace.
Pulling into a parking space at school with the Smartcar, I wondered if Michael might drop Grace off. No such luck. I waited near the entrance of the school and reluctantly headed to class when the buzzer went.
Her empty desk in first hour made my stomach drop. The only plus side of the day was Damon’s absence as well. I trudged through classes optimistic I might see Grace after school… only to be disappointed.
I drove home after school, parked in the driveway and locked the door. I had no intention of driving it again. After the incident last night, returning the car without being asked didn’t seem likely. There was no way I would go to the house without being invited.
Neither Michael nor Grace contacted me through the week or weekend. Three weeks past, and Jim and Sally began to grumble about me hanging out in the house. For the first time since moving in with them three years ago they didn’t want me around. I avoided them by staying in my room.
In the darkened bedroom one evening, I lay staring at the cracked ceiling and wondered how to bring Grace’s car back. Did I have enough courage to drive to their house, knock on the door, and hand the key back? No way. I thought about parking it at the school and mailing the keys back but my luck, it would get towed away.
“Get to the point, dipstick,” I mumbled to myself. I was pretending to wrack my brain only as an excuse to see Michael. It killed me that he hadn’t tried to contact me. No effort. Whatsoever. The guy spilled his guts and told me to leave. So much for liking the good guy.
It’s all I had been thinking about, night and day for almost a month. Now I just didn’t want to think anymore.
In a huff, I jumped off the bed and grabbed my backpack off the floor. I’d bought a calendar for the New Year. Flipping to January, I stared at the box with the number seven in it. My birthday. Eighteen. All that was left after that would be graduation, and then my freedom from the system.
Which meant I’d be on my own.
Slapping the calendar shut, I turned away and tapped my fingers against my leg. I needed distraction, something to do which didn’t require thinking about the future. Staring at the walls around my decrepit room, my eyes rested on the mess inside my closet. Perfect.
I dropped to my knees and began tossing dirty clothes into one pile, others that needed to be hung into another and shoes to be paired to the side. While digging, I grabbed something rectangular and soft half buried in the clutter. I pulled it out and gasped.
The Beast book. Grollic Monstrum.
The worn leather felt comforting against my fingers. I flipped it open to the beginning. The first pages were written in some foreign language so I skimmed them, simply glancing at the drawings. Funny, I thought the first page had said something in English…like a definition or something.
The closet mess forgotten, I crawled onto the bed. About a third of the way through the book, the words turned to English. It talked about a war between Grollics and their worst enemy, and how it all began. It turned into a narration and the beast in the forest seeming like a distant memory now, I settled into the pillows to read.
An aged Grollic tried to help a young woman lost in a forest looking for a cottage. She seemed afraid of the beast but dainty as she may have appeared, the woman had strength inside of her beyond any human ability. She threw the old man aside and attacked the others with him, killing all but him. She claimed she’d spared him as he’d tried to aid her, even though she had no right to save him.
The eye for the eye. The old Grollic planned his revenge. He watched the woman and learned where she travelled. He waited for the day when the white-caped girl returned to the cottage on the other side of the woods. He raced ahead to the clearing and easily killed the unknowing man inside, then waited for the girl.
The girl approached and the moment she entered the house, he attacked. Claws reaching to rip her neck just missed, but as the Grollic stumbled he sank his teeth into something warm. The girl grabbed a chair and smashed it over the Grollics back. They fought through the small cottage, breaking almost everything inside, including themselves.
Near death, the girl barely managed to escape through a narrow window. How she managed to race away in to the forest, the Grollic thought he’d never know the answer. Her now red cape –covered in blood— flapped behind her as if nodding it knew the truth. The Grollic had killed because of what she had done to his family.
The stunned Grollic stared. What he had thought was a cape, had actually been wings. Weak and shattered, he fell back against the wall. The fight between the two had nearly killed them both. He then understood their bloods could not mix. They shared unique powers, but those powers could never be blended. They each had the ability to destroy, as if they’d been born to battle against each other.
Thus began the war as both vowed to never find peace until either race was obliterated. The Grollic may not have understood what he met that day, but he did learn the blood running inside his body could poison hers and vice versa.
Holding the book between my fingers, I sat back, eyes wide. My favorite nursery story as a child was Little Red Riding Hood. Boy had this story changed from the original version.
I turned the page. Both sides of the book had hand written, in point form, notes about the girl and possible ways to kill or stop her. Other questions asked if there was more than one girl and how they came into existence. Simple sketches filled the pages. I couldn’t make heads or tails of those any more than the handwritten stuff.
Bile rose in the back of my throat when I flipped to the next page. The right side displayed a crudely hand drawn Grollic. A disgustingly ugly one. A series of diagrams showed a man turning into the Grollic. Each picture had detailed anatomy and notes along the sides. Interesting, the Grollic’s heart was actually on the right side of its body, higher up than on most animals or humans. In human-form, the heart rested on the left side but as he shifted into Grollic-form, the heart would also shift.
It was the last picture my eyes kept flitting back to - the mammoth size of the beast, the ferocious face with yellow eyes and snarl of sharp teeth. The drawing so life like, it kept bringing me back to that night in the forest.
I shivered, and tried to swallow. An eerie scraping noise against my window nearly had me screaming. I closed my eyes, willing the noise to stop.
It didn’t.
Inhaling a long, slow breath, I then opened my eyes and focused on the window, too scared to get up and look outside. Don’t be such a freakin’ wimp. Squinty, I realized the wind had picked up and a broken branch hung onto another limb. It scraped against the window as the wind blew the still connected limb. A big gust knocked the loose branch down and the ting against the roof of Jim’s car told me it’d landed.
My heart still in my throat, I shook my head in disgust. Wimp. Loser. I chided myself. Get back to reading. Except I now had to put my hand over the monster’s picture to focus on the other side of the book. I stared at the human drawing. A small marking caught my attention, above the right aorta of the heart near the collar bone. It showed a detailed drawing of the tattoo on the corner of the page. I squinted. Somewhere in the back of my mind I recalled seeing it before. Scratching my scalp, I couldn’t place where.
The remainder of the book switched back into the weird foreign writing. I shut it and tossed it onto my nightstand. Enough stupid monsters for one night. The clock radio read 1:30 a.m. Before switching the light off, I glanced at my messy pile on the floor. It would give me something to do, a reason to get out of bed since tomorrow was Saturday.
Weird dreams visited me throughout the night. Grollics and angels killing each other, cutting themselves and letting their blood drip into the enemy’s cuts. Girls in red dresses and capes running through forests, with white monsters in pursuit. Tattoos on everyone to mark if they were Grollic, angel, or human. Angels morphing into beasts scarier than a Grollic.
I woke early with the feeling I never really slept. Covered in sweat, I threw a pillow over my head and tried to fall back asleep. The sun had not yet risen, and I didn’t want to get up with nothing to do but put my shoes and clothes away. After forty minutes, a few tiny little rays of light began peeking through my window.
Throwing on my red-hooded sweatshirt and a clean pair of jeans, I turned to leave. I ran back to the nightstand to grab a ponytail holder and saw the Grollic book. I grabbed it too. If I was going to go see the sunrise, I might as well have something to look through. Less scary in the daylight.
It was cool enough that no fog or mist had come in during the night. I walked to the cemetery-park Michael and I had met, buying a latte at a Starbucks along the way. At the park I sat on a bench, drinking, as I watched the sun make its way over the horizon. Beautiful and peaceful. The world kept turning even when it felt like mine had stopped.
After an hour my bladder told me it’d had enough. I jumped up to throw my empty cup into a garbage on the path when a sudden realization hit me like a punch in the gut. I stumbled back to the bench and sat dumb-founded. The mark!
I’d seen it before on somebody. That day in the courtyard.
Could the beast be human?
Damon.
Damon’s a Grollic.
When he’d threatened me during Halloween, he thought I was the same thing as the Knightlys. Impossible! Michael, Grace or Caleb would know. Right?
I thought back to my encounter with Damon in the school parking lot. I’d worn the necklace. Michael’s Siorghra had blood inside which could kill him. He thought I could kill him. Another thought hit me like a wave of nausea. It was Damon in the woods the night on the beach.
He said there were more of his kind.
Michael and his family must know. But what if they didn’t? What if Damon’s pack was ready to attack Michael’s family? What if they already had? And I’d done nothing.
Running home as fast as I could, I took the stairs two at a time and grabbed the keys to Grace’s car. Jim hollered something at me as I raced out the door. I ignored him. There wasn’t time to argue or explain.
I unlocked, tossed the book on the seat and stuck the keys in the ignition. The car started and revved as if it knew I had to hurry. I shoved the gearshift into drive and flew down the roads, fingers crossed for no police. They were the least of my worries. Hopefully Caleb wouldn’t kill me and ask questions later.
Or maybe, he would and I’d find out I’m one of them.
The car slowed to a crawl when it came to their driveway. My foot could not press the gas pedal. Maybe this is a mistake. How could a simple human figure out something useful to a family, especially one like Caleb? If they were okay, they probably were planning some counter-attack.
“Stop being such a wimp,” I hissed at my reflection in the review mirror. “Just go up to the house and bang on the door. Hand the book to whoever opens and tell them Damon’s a Grollic. Then leave.” I’d have to walk home but at least I could return the keys and necklace and try to forget them and move on with my life.
I parked beside the mustang and marched towards the house, forcing through the urge to run away. Hand in the air, ready to bang on the door; I realized I’d left the book on the passenger seat. About to turn around to grab it, the door swung open.
Michael.
My body froze, but my heart hammered at record breaking speed. Dressed in a white shirt, his tanned skin looked perfect. I couldn’t stop myself from staring. My thoughts over the past few weeks had left so many details out. The rush of feelings caught off guard.
If he was surprised to see me, he didn’t let on. “Hello, Rouge.”
Stuffing my hands into my jean pockets, I cleared my throat and tried to sound normal. “I know you told me not to come, but there’s something really important I need to tell you.”
“Has something happened?” He stepped onto the porch and glanced behind me, most likely scanning for hidden monsters.
“No…Yes...Maybe.” I blinked a bunch of times, ticked my eyes burned.
“It’s dangerous you’re here.”
His words or posture gave away nothing. I couldn’t read his thoughts. “I know.” I swallowed, my eyes darting inside as I tried to calm the anxiety inside me.
His expression broke. He wavered and looked as lost as me.
I stepped toward him and stumbled, unable to keep my knees from buckling. His arms surrounded me and he held me tight. My head instinctively went to his chest and I left it there, inhaling his wonderful masculine aftershave, the taut muscles under his shirt, his warmth, all of it. Would it be wrong to want to stay here forever? I then remembered the real reason I’d come. Putting my hands on his shoulders, I pushed him back a few inches so I could think. “We really need to talk. Can I come in?”
“Maybe it would be better out here.” He paused and his eyes shifted back and forth at mine.
I shook my head and exhaled a long breath. “I think I’d better come in and you should get Caleb, Sarah and Grace.”
He raised an eyebrow, but said nothing.
I paused, thinking I might need a bullet proof vest and remembered a better devise for protection. “Just need to grab something from the car.”
I ran to get the antique book, letting the fresh air cool my flushed face. It was my only chance to convince Caleb I was worthy of being with Michael. I took a deep breath, squared my shoulders, and headed into house.

THE END
Of Part I

Seventh Mark Part II is now available!










BOOK III

SHADOW OF DOUBT
Part 1
By W.J.May







Prologue
Years ago…

The sun is rising, and I feel my death is imminent. I don’t remember how the events unfold, but I understand the natural instinct inside of me. I need to find a phone, or I’ll be killed. Fight or flight. I choose flight.
My breath shortens with my heart pumping at an agonizing rhythm. My lungs beg for more oxygen as my body tries to keep up with the demands I’m pushing. I don’t want to die.
I can barely focus on my surroundings. Everything’s a haze of dreary color, blurring past as I run. I round a corner and spot a red pay phone across the cobbled lane. Relief floods my terror. It’s not my day to die. I push my body past exertion; my only focus, the phone booth.
The first rays of dawn begin to creep onto the ground, as if they’re hands reaching out to grasp me. I collapse into the phone; my eyes close as I heave a sigh. Mercifully, I disappear…into the shadows.






Chapter 1
Erebus

Am I alive or dead? Maybe stuck somewhere in between. Nanny once, for about a week, ranted on and on about the middle life. For the life of me, I can’t remember what all she said.
I feel weightless. I can’t even feel my body.
The scariest thing: I don’t know how long I’ve been in this state. It could be minutes, hours.
What if it’s been years?
Maybe I’m going crazy. Or worse, maybe I’ve already lost it.
Tightness claws at my chest. The panic is strangely familiar, but it terrorizes me nonetheless. It would be futile to scream. I’m trapped – forever.
I try to force in a lungful of air, but the sudden spinning inside my head means I’m going to pass out again.
I let myself drop in defeat, into the dark oblivion.

Erebus jolted awake moments later with his back resting against a pay phone. His breath shot in and out in short gasps. He still felt the panic deep inside him, but relief tasted better than the fear. He savoured it, trying to let it seep through his core. Slowly his heart began settling into its regular rhythm.
He glanced around and up at the sky. The absence of the sun indicated it was just past dusk. Reddish brick buildings and houses lined the streets. Square buildings with little history to them. Rubbing his chin, he realized he wasn't in England; the architecture was too American. It couldn’t be New York City. Everything looked too quiet, too country, with not enough skyscrapers. Then he remembered. Well, at least he knew the city, if nothing else.
Ithaca.
Gingerly, he stood. Brushing the dirt off his pants, he felt his back pocket. Thank goodness.
His wallet was there. He checked his coat pocket as well; his phone rested neatly inside. He hadn’t been mugged.
His fingers ran through his short hair as he tried to collect his thoughts. I’ve been out.
Asleep? Deep down he knew the truth but wasn’t ready to face it.
Looking both ways, he crossed the road and headed towards the Starbucks. Nestled between two buildings, its quiet atmosphere was inviting. He needed coffee. It felt too early to do anything else.
As luck would have it, the Starbucks was empty except for the counter girl. The warm tones of brown and beige on the chairs and walls looked comfortable, safe. The aroma of coffee beans filled his nostrils. He glanced at the college artwork hanging on the walls and the large shop window at the front of the café. It would entertain him as he waited.
The waitress smiled and straightened her uniform after he ordered a double espresso and grand latte. He pulled out his wallet, a bundle of fifty dollar bills nestled neatly inside. He handed the cute, dark-haired girl a crisp bill, making sure to add a twenty dollar tip. Money could talk when he wanted silence.
Carrying the coffees, he headed toward a brown leather chair near the window. He spotted an abandoned newspaper along the way and tucked it under his arm. Settling into the seat, he checked the date on the paper. Friday, October 13. No wonder I feel off. He wasn’t superstitious but it did feel slightly ironic.
He sighed. Maybe there’d be some kind of party tonight – booze and free entertainment, the benefits of living in a university town. Maybe it’d take his mind off things.
A young couple walked by outside, hand in hand. He glowered at their backs as an unusual stab of jealousy filled him. He would never have that. He’d tried, once, and it was the biggest mistake he’d ever made.
The couple disappeared around the corner, along with his thoughts of them. Fresh, cool air swept by as the door of the café opened. He ignored the new customer, picked up his latte, and cursed when the piping hot liquid spilled against his hand.
“How’re you doing this evening, Erebus?”
He cringed as he set his mug down on the table beside his chair. He’d hated his name since the beginning of time, and his dislike for the man seemed equal at the moment.
“Hello, Janus.” He didn’t glance at the man standing beside him.
“You all right?” The man moved to the leather chair and set something on the small table.
What am I supposed to say? I have no idea where I’ve been for the past twelve hours? I hate my life? “I’m fine. I feel like I just woke up.”
Janus laughed as he dug into his vintage leather briefcase. He pulled out a wad of bills and pushed it towards Erebus. “Here’s your money. Go have some fun tonight. It’s autumn; isn’t this your favorite time of year?”
“I don’t need the money.” He ignored Janus’ question.
“Take it anyway. I’m not going to stand inside some damn coffee shop window with this in my hand. Take the money.” Janus harrumphed as he shut his briefcase with his free hand. “I don’t understand you. It’s so… you’re different from the others. If I didn’t know you, I’d think you were depressed.”
Erebus sighed as he reached over to grab the cash from Janus’ outstretched hand. It was the only way to shut him up and make him go away. Janus wore his usual expensive suit, the dark looking sharp against his blue eyes and ghost-grey hair. Janus held his beige Burberry business coat neatly folded over his arm. Erebus wondered briefly if the check pattern inside the coat had faded from constant use.
“Are you?” Janus slipped the jacket back on before Erebus could double check. “I’m not depressed. I just don’t need the money.” I don’t want your money.
“Try to spend it more frivolously this time. Loosen up a bit and have some fun. You’ve had a lifetime to practice, and still you suck at it.” Janus straightened the belt on his coat. “I have a few others I need to meet up with. I’ll see you again next Friday.” He patted Erebus on the back near the shoulder. “By the way, Coty’s looking for you.”
Erebus stiffened when Janus touched him. He said nothing as Janus left Starbucks and disappeared around the corner. He stuffed the bills into his already full wallet. It barely folded shut now. Shoving it into his back pocket, it amazed him the thing still fit.
Exhaling noisily, he turned his attention to the front page of the paper lying on his lap, checking the top corner. It called for a seventy percent chance of rain tomorrow and the sun would be rising at 6:14 a.m.
He drank the rest of his latte and then shot the espresso down his throat. Though glad Janus had gone, a small part of him wished he’d stayed. He wished he could find some inner peace – answers to the questions he never dared to ask. To find a way to erase the longing he couldn’t explain.
“Not tonight.” He wasn’t going to linger on the depressing unknown. Grabbing the empty cups, he dropped them off on the counter before going out the door.
Although dim outside, the dark felt comforting. Erebus decided to follow his feet – let them lead tonight.
He headed towards the university campus. Cornell’s red buildings were always an inviting sight. The heat from the day’s sun seemed to linger on the bricks for hours after it had become dark. The warmth covered holes inside him he never understood.
As Erebus passed a tall glass office building, he stopped momentarily. The streetlight behind shone extremely bright, giving the appearance of daytime. His eyes blended in with the color of the charcoal glass. He hated their odd, steel-grey color that set him apart from others. It didn’t help he wore a charcoal shirt and blue jeans. They just brought more attention to his eye color. Irritated, he looked away and continued walking.
“Think about positive bits, enough of the loneliness and self-pity.” The phone in his jacket pocket began vibrating. He pulled it out and checked the screen. His buddy, Coty.
Before he could even utter a hello, Coty started yelling, “’Bus! I need your help! Hurry!”
Erebus stopped mid-stride, one foot still dangling in the air. “What’s going on?” There was panic in Coty’s voice.
“I’m in serious trouble –”
“Again?” Erebus didn’t mean to interrupt. He’d meant to keep the comment in his head. A quick laugh on the other end. “Yeah, I know. But seriously…”
Shuffling, and other strange noises, came through the line. Erebus resumed walking, his pace twice as fast as before. He had no clue where he needed to go but going somewhere fast seemed the right thing to do. “Coty?”
The line went quiet.
“Coty!” Horrible images of his friend kidnapped, mugged or worse, murdered, flashed through his mind.
“I’m…here,” Coty whispered, out of breath. “Where?” Erebus whispered back.
“Pi Kappa Phi.”
“A Fraternity?” He stopped for a moment, unsure. Was Coty serious? No time to contemplate. Erebus changed direction, heading towards the other side of campus. He needed to cut over the pedestrian bridge. It would save time. As he jogged, phone snug against his ear, he imagined having to fight fifty frat boys to get to Coty. He hated confrontation of any kind but he knew he’d do it if he had to. “Coty, you still there?”
“Ridgewood Road. They’ve got me at the back of the house. This is gonna get me killed.” More muffled noises and shuffling echoed through the reception.
“I’m on my way.” He shut the phone, keeping it tight in his hand. Just last night, he’d bugged Coty for putting highlight tips in his hair and going to a damn tanning bed. Coty had argued it gave him a sandy-beach look and he picked up chicks better. Coty was all about image.
Erebus shook his head. Since then, he’d lost twelve hours and Coty lay in mortal danger. He pictured Coty’s hair matted with blood and bruises covering his friend’s body. He picked up his pace.
Loud music bounced off his chest and into his ears before he even turned onto Ridgewood Road. Drunken idiots having a party. Coty must’ve gotten himself into some serious shit. He’d probably slept with someone’s girlfriend or sister. Or probably both, at the same time. The guy had no morals.
Muffled music came first followed by the blur of the lights from the house which slowly came into focus. People congregating on the grass and front porch of the house solidified that Erebus had found the right house. Talking and laughter accompanied the crappy rap music. Heart pounding, he cut across the yard and bounded up the porch steps, taking two at a time. Shoving people out of the way, he earned dirty looks and rude comments. He didn’t care.
As he charged through the front door, Erebus felt a jolt that made him slow his pace. Out of the corner of his eye, he could’ve sworn he’d just seen an angel. Or something with wings.
Except that was impossible.







Chapter 2
Aurora

The jolt didn’t come from what Erebus thought he’d just seen or from some deep inner realization. It was physical. Someone had grabbed his shoulder and was trying to pull him outside. He clenched his hand into a fist and drew his arm back, ready to hit the idiot trying to stop him.
Coty stood beside him, a stupid half-apologetic smile on his face. “It was the only way I could get–”
Erebus swung anyway, aiming for Coty’s chin.
His friend must’ve been prepared for the punch. Coty casually leaned out of reach, grabbed Erebus’ fist and locked his arm into Erebus’ outstretched one. Then he pulled him forward so they bumped chests. Coty’s infamous man-hug.
“You asshole!” Erebus shifted away, seething. Coty knew there were dangers to be aware of.
One day he’d call wolf and Erebus wouldn’t be around to help him.
Coty laughed. “Come on. They’ve got three kegs in the kitchen. My treat.”
“Your treat?” Despite being ticked, he laughed. “One of these days, mate… one of these days.” Thankful to get out of the hall of staring people, Erebus stepped over a passed-out body on the steps leading upstairs. He made his way down the crowded hall towards the kitchen. The music pulsated inside his chest, but at least his breathing had gone back to its normal rhythm.
Glancing around, he wondered if he might be the only sober person. Coty had stopped to talk to twin girls. Erebus grinned and continued on.
Crossing the slightly less crowded kitchen, he opened the fridge door and leaned in. The blast of frigid air felt good on his sweat-soaked hair. He enjoyed it, momentarily. Pushing aside some black labelled bottles with green liquid, he grabbed two beers. He preferred cans over drinking straight from the kegs. A bunch of college guys were doing that just outside the kitchen’s sliding doors and he had no intention of sharing their drinks now.
“Did you see any Mike-arita’s in there?” A throaty, sensual voice asked from behind him. Instinctively, he closed his eyes. The girl had to be inches from his ear. There was no way he would’ve heard her above the music if she wasn’t. His nostrils flared as he slowly inhaled a faint scent of musky female perfume. It smelled luscious. He turned to see the body that exuded the aroma.
There in front of him stood the winged angel he had seen earlier and had momentarily forgotten with Coty’s prank.
Well, whoever she was, she was dressed as an angel. Wearing a simple white blouse and a long, Battenberg lace skirt, she had a pair of feather wings darting out behind her. Her wavy blonde hair held gold tinsel weaved into a wreath shape accompanied with sparkly glitter. She was angelic, even without the costume. She looked young, innocent. He wondered why she was the only one at the party dressed in a costume but was too mesmerized to ask.
His heart pounded louder than the music. His eyes traveled from her gold Converse sneakers, up a shapely pair of legs, to slender hips. His gaze hesitated over her lovely, small perky breasts and then slowly up her neck to her face.
He swallowed when his gaze met her large blue-green eyes. Only a second spent in their endless pools seemed like an eternity of bliss. They reminded him of the ocean at night, when the moon was full and one could really see the color of the water. She stared just as intently back into his eyes. He knew he must have some weird expression on his face. The questioning look on hers became more pronounced when she raised her eyebrows. He noticed a small, light scar above her right brow.
Breathe, idiot! Breathe! Stop staring. A startled noise escaped his mouth when he finally sucked oxygen back into his lungs. Thankfully, the music drowned it out.
“Sorry, what did you say?” he shouted above the noise. Had it only been a moment ago that she’d said something to him?
“Mike-arita. It’s like a Mike’s Hard Lemonade but Margarita-style.” She shrugged her shoulders and grinned.
“I think I saw two.” He smiled back at the goddess. “Here, hold these and I’ll grab them for you.” He handed her the beer cans, then turned back to the fridge. His head spinning, he wondered if he could be drunk without drinking any alcohol. It suddenly felt like it. He grabbed the two glass bottles full of green liquid with one hand.
He turned back to see if the angel was a mirage. Miraculously, she still stood there holding his beers.
Without speaking, he followed her out into the hall. His gaze traveled down her hair, her wings, pausing over her beautiful round derriere. She was stunning from the front and the back.
The crowd lingered in the hallway. As they passed the front door, there was a small break in the bodies. She stopped pushing forward and turned around to face him.
“Thanks for grabbing the drinks for me. I’m Aurora.” She put one can of beer on top of the other and held out her hand.
Aurora. Pretty name. Different. He grinned like a schoolboy. “Hi. I’m Erebus. ” His name was muffled by the blaring of a new song through the stereo speakers.
“Aaron Bus? It’s nice to meet you, Aaron.” She raised the corners of her mouth.
He didn’t correct her. He was too busy wondering how her eyes could lighten in color from a simple smile.
She said something else, but he couldn’t hear her over the noise.
“Pardon?” Erebus shouted. He leaned in to bring his ear closer to her mouth. He could feel her warm breath against his neck and ear. It felt wonderfully erotic.
“My friends are outside. Want to come?”
He turned to answer back, their noses brushing as she turned to bring her ear towards him. He watched her bite her lip—intoxicated by her actions, her smell, and her warmth. It had been so long since he’d had these feelings they almost felt foreign. Could it just be physical attraction?
“My buddy’s…” He glanced around and caught sight of Coty, one eyebrow raised, leaning against the banister halfway up the curved stairs. Erebus bent forward, his lips lightly brushing her earlobe. “I’ll meet you outside in a moment. Let me hand my friend his beer.” He carefully took them from her hand and then purposely brushed against her body as he passed by. Her warmth lingered as he stood on the bottom step. From his peripheral vision, his angel slipped outside.
“Coty!” Erebus shouted and tossed a can directly at him.
Coty turned and caught it without hesitating. He brought his fingers to his eyebrow in a mock salute of thanks. Before he let Coty holler something back, Erebus turned and headed towards the front door.
Aurora. He liked the way her mouth had gone into a pucker when she’d said her name. As he made his way to the front door, he imagined whispering her name just before letting his lips meet hers. He could almost taste her.
He blinked to clear his ridiculous thoughts. He’d never been this captivated by a woman before. It was the weirdest—almost terrifying—feeling he’d ever had. How could he be mesmerized this easily if it’d never happened to him before?
Once outside, the fresh air seemed to waft some sense back into him. He handed his beer to a grateful-looking guy standing on the porch. Not finding Aurora on the porch, he apprehensively gazed across the lawn.
He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw her standing by a streetlamp. He bounded down the steps.
“Hey…Here you are.” Out of habit, he ran his fingers through his hair. He watched her eyes follow his hand, then travel down and linger as she met his gaze and held it. He blinked and glanced towards the street, staring at nothing.
“Your eyes, they’re very unusual.”
He shrugged, embarrassed she’d noticed their strange color. “Where’re your friends?” “They just left.” Her turn to shrug.
“Without you?”
“Yeah, I was sort of waiting for you.” She grinned, not even embarrassed. It was a beautiful smile which lightened her pretty face.
“Oh no. I don’t have a car to take you home. I don’t own one.”
“That’s okay. I’ll catch a cab back to my place in a bit. I just wanted to chat without having to shout above the music.”
“True. Do you go here?” He hadn’t seen her around before.
“I do.” She raised a hand. “I started this year. I’m in my first year Juris Doctor.” “You’re going to be a lawyer?”
She laughed. “That’s the plan.”
Wow. Pretty and smart. He pointed to her halo and wings. “May I ask, why the outfit? Or is it your job when not attending class?” Probably made real angels jealous. His eyes travelled from her hair to where her top met skin.
“LOL. Nada. I lost a bet. A friend and I are taking an ancient mythology course. We made a bet. I lost.”
Erebus realized he was starting at her breasts. He quickly lowered his gaze to the lace on her skirt. He racked his brain. “Battenberg, right?”
“Yeah...” She gave him a questioning look.
Too strange to know in this day and age. He held up his hands, thinking fast. “I’m originally from England. It’s a long story.” He flashed her one of his innocent smiles – hopefully.
“Fair enough. I won’t ask.” She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “What about you? What’s your major?”
“I live here, but I’m not enrolled.”
She gave him another look but didn’t push it. She pointed towards the road. “Do you want to walk? I should probably start heading back to my apartment, or my roommate’s going to call Missing Persons.”
He chuckled at her comment and lack of fear, even if there was nothing to be afraid of. “Sure, which way do we need to go?” Erebus knew every street. He’d walked them all a thousand times.
“I live in an apartment off campus, but on the other side. Do you want to walk with me to University Ave? I’ll be able to catch a cab there.” She hit her forehead with the palm of her hand. “I’m sorry. I didn’t even ask where you live.”
“It’s fine. How about I walk with you to University? Then I’ll head back to my place.” He glanced around. “I like strolling after dark. Fewer people.”
They walked in silence for a few moments, the music from the frat house still keeping beat inside his chest – at least, that was his excuse for the hammering.
“Are you from around here?” He wanted to know everything about her but was afraid he sounded desperate or, worse, creepy.
“No. I grew up in San Antonio. The winter’s here are a lot colder, but I fell in love with the snow.” She shivered as they started on the suspension bridge above Falls Creek.
Erebus shrugged out of his leather jacket. Without a word, he carefully slipped it around Aurora’s cool shoulders, trying to avoid damaging her feathered wings. It felt like the most natural thing. He watched her inhale the scent from his jacket and close her eyes. It took all his strength to resist leaning in and kissing her. The attraction had to be magnetic. With this girl, this stranger, her physical attraction was something irresistible. He ignored the warning bells going off in the back of his mind and took pleasure in the feeling.
“Did you know there’s a myth about this bridge?” His voice broke through the silence. “A myth?” Aurora’s forehead crinkled as her eyebrows went up.
“Yeah, the story goes: if a man and woman cross the bridge, and the woman doesn’t accept a kiss from her partner, the bridge collapses. If she does accept the kiss, they are assured a long life together.” Wanting so badly to kiss her, he kept his head down and tried to clear the longing away. He pressed his lips tight. He couldn’t believe he’d told her the stupid myth. “I read it online and in some book a while back.”
They were almost at the other side of the pedestrian crossing when Aurora stepped in front of him. “I guess, for the sake of mythology, you should kiss me. You know, to save the bridge from falling and all that.” She grinned.
“For the sake of the bridge.” He swallowed before whispering, “May I kiss you, Aurora?” He watched her stare at his mouth as if drawn by the same invisible force.
She mouthed the word “yes,” a small, warm breath escaping. Eager, he leaned forward, his hands reaching gently for the collar on his jacket she wore. He wanted to crush against her, his lips bruising hers as he forced her mouth open. Instead, like a breeze teasing the trees, his lips brushed ever-so-lightly against hers. He pulled slightly away, pausing before opening his eyes. Inhaling her delicious scent, he slowly lifted his head back.
“Mmmm…” was all he heard, or thought he had heard. He couldn’t be sure if the sound had come from her or from the water below.
He watched her face, a little dazed before confusion replaced it. Crap! He should have followed his instincts. It was the wrong kind of kiss.
She reached inside the jacket. He held his breath.
“Your phone’s vibrating.” She handed him his cell phone from the breast pocket.
He exhaled, took it and glanced at the caller ID. Groaning, he stuffed the phone in the back pocket of his jeans. “It’s just my buddy from the party. No rush to answer.”
“Do you want my number for your phone?” Aurora stared at the water rushing underneath the bridge.
“Definitely.” He pulled his phone back out, adding Aurora to his small contact list.
“My number’s five-one-seven-one-two-three-four.” She pulled her blackberry out. “Can I have yours?”
He watched as she typed Aaron Buss into her contact list. He rubbed his cheek to hide the smile as he told her his. He’d correct her next time they met.
They reached University Ave. just as a cab pulled over to let a couple of students out.
Erebus jogged over and had it wait for Aurora.
He held the rear door open for her as she stepped in. Sitting, she leaned forward to shrug out of his jacket and handed it back to him. Her wings popped perfectly back into place.
“Thanks. For everything,” she said.
He took the jacket, unsure of what to say or do and feeling a moment of panic she was leaving. He had the sudden fear he might never see her again. “Can I call you?”
“Definitely.” She winked, repeating his word from before. “Or, I’ll text you tomorrow.
G’night, Aaron.”
“’Night.” She’s perfect. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, a tiny voice added, Perfect?
Careful, Erebus. First impressions always are.





Chapter 3
Night Court

The following evening, Coty and Erebus sipped coffee at S’moes Diner. The confusion and grogginess had cleared and tonight Erebus had a hint of anticipation running through him.
S’moes Diner always helped him relax. The comfortable atmosphere in the silver RV-trailer restaurant, with its red leather seats and sparkly laminated retro table seemed to offer some kind of soothing, invisible toxin to Erebus.
“Did you head back to her place?” Coty laughed at a sudden thought. “Or yours? Did you— ” He chucked again. “—end up in a phone booth?”
“Not funny. At all.” Erebus shook his head. “We just went for a walk and talked a bit.” “Did she ask why you can only come out when it’s dark?” Coty asked.
“Yeah.” Erebus snorted. “She made some comment about me being a vampire.” He met her once and Coty assumed he slept with her and told her the one thing he couldn’t ever explain to anyone?
“Vampire?” Coty straightened in his chair. “What is it with mortals? Why does anything that has to do with night always have to be a vampire? The way people think is so strange.”
“Sure and answering back that I’m a Shadow makes so much more sense.” Erebus set his empty mug down. “Not strange at all.” He barely knew the girl, like he was going to tell her his most intimate secret. “I was joking.”
“Better than a damn vampire,” Coty muttered. “Why can’t people just be normal?” “Normal?”
“Well, sort of. Chicks dig vampires and there are some hot vampires on TV and on the big screen. But,” Coty shook his head, “that’s not what I mean.”
Erebus cracked a couple of knuckles. Knowing Coty, this was heading on the side of ridiculous. “What do you mean?”
“You know, like, we’ve got some disease.” He snapped his fingers. “Like we’re allergic to the sun.”
“Yeah, that’s pretty normal.” He rolled his eyes and wished the waitress would bring more coffee. “You being tanned and not albino.”
Coty ignored Erebus’ comments. “People do have Vitamin D deficiencies.” A sly smile crept onto his face. “You know, I’ve used the ‘medical condition’ excuse before.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me? Was it to get into a girl’s pants?”
Coty smiled mischievously. “Why else use it? D’you want to hear the story?”
Erebus shook his head and closed his eyes. “One of these days, Coty, one of these days…” “What?”
“A human’s going to change you.”
“Nah, it won’t happen.” Coty opened his mouth as if to continue but stopped. Erebus knew what went unsaid. He was the strange one, so unlike the others.
“…and I’ve been around about fifty years longer than you. I’ll stick to my motto of laughter, sex, and fun. In no particular order today; whatever happens first is fine with me.”
Erebus waited for Coty to stop laughing. He leaned forward, resting his elbow on the table and rubbed his clean shaven face with his hand. “Have you ever, in all your hundred and fifty years, fallen in love with a mortal?”
“With a mortal?” Coty’s smile disappeared. He shook his head. “I’ve never been in love.
Period. With a Shadow, or a human. Why would I? There are so many beautiful women to enjoy. Why complicate things and try to throw love into that?” He shrugged, then grinned, “I’m like Elvis, but without the tassels and jelly rolls. Like the King in his younger years. Man, wasn’t he great back in the seventies? His female fans slept with anyone who looked like him. I even dyed my hair black back then.”
Erebus sighed. Their kind was easy on the eyes, every single one of them. Coty wouldn’t have a problem picking up chicks dressed in a clown’s suit. “I’m not talking about how we look. Every Shadow appeals to the human eye. That’s not important to me.” He waved his hand dismissively in the air. “Don’t you ever feel like something’s missing?”
“What could be missing? We’ve got these perfect bodies, more money than we’ll ever need, youth…” Coty pointed a finger at him. “Plus we’ve got life experience and knowledge. We can hang out with hot chicks and never get bored. On top of that, we’ve got talent in the bedroom no mortal can match.” Coty shook his head and raised his eyebrows. “What could be missing?”
“Not everything is based on physical—”
“That’s all we are based on!” Coty interrupted. “We’re Shadows. Shallow, outlines of humans. There isn’t anything more. We all think this way.”
Erebus pressed his lips together. He wanted to argue that he didn’t feel the same but knew Coty wouldn’t get it.
He was right.
Coty grinned. “Think of how things were so restrictive sixty years ago. Shoot, I remember in the early nineteen hundreds, I had to play tricks for prostitutes; taught a few of them a thing or two in the process.” He winked before continuing. “Look how the women’s lib evolved and how good the sixties were to us. I can’t see things getting better than how they are now, and trust me, they will. We’re not missing out on anything.”
Erebus stared at his orange ceramic mug. How could he explain to Coty that it wasn’t enough? He hated his life. Existing by day as the Shadow he possessed. Coming to life only at night. He knew Coty understood fear. Every Shadow did. Every morning came the panic of not being able to able to find his Shadow. Then there was the disorientation every evening when he awoke back into human form. Always alone and being paid to keep quiet about what he and the others were. The answer seemed so simple. He wanted more.
He knew he was different than Coty, even Janus. In his hundred years, he’d never seen a Shadow the same as him, and he’d looked. Oh, he had met a similar Shadow to him, but had never found one with the same inner turmoil he suffered. He needed something more. He just didn’t know exactly what he was searching for.
He watched Coty lean back in his chair, oblivious, casually crossing an ankle on his knee.
He couldn’t even explain it to his only friend.
“You know,” Coty said suddenly and tilted his head slightly, “if all this is because of that chick, you’d better be careful. Don’t break The Code.”
“I’m not going to break any of our laws, and I know what The Code is.” He tried to keep the irritation out of his voice but was unsuccessful. The look of pity in Coty’s eyes just grated on him even more.
“Whatever. Then just get in the girl’s pants and leave it at that. Don’t think you can change things, ‘cause you can’t. We can’t control anything.” Coty waved his hands in front of his face. “We’re obscurities; that’s it.”
“I know.” Erebus let out a long breath.
Coty nodded and stood. “Listen, mate, I’m going to take off. Gotta meeting of the Night- Council-kind tonight.” He slipped his jacket on and paused by Erebus. “You know something? Maybe you’re right…”
“Right about what?” Erebus looked up.
“Maybe,” Coty shrugged, “we kind of are vampires. I know they aren’t real, but maybe the whole vampire thing started because of us. It wouldn’t surprise me. There’re a lot of similarities, when you think about it.” He headed towards the exit, dropping his mug off at the counter.
Erebus watched Coty pull out his phone and add the waitress’ number to it.
“Shoot,” he mumbled as he leaned over to grab his own cell phone out of his jacket pocket.
He’d forgotten to turn it on. He hit the button, drumming his fingers as he waited. There were five new texts, all from Aurora.
Hey. Just texting to see if I got the rite number. Lunch now… U busy tonight?
R U ignoring me? Don’t answer that. I won’t text again.
Sorry, I’m back. Only 2 say I won’t text again til I hear from U. It’s 9:30 going to Rum Jungle 2nite with friends. Meet me?
He checked his watch. It was just after ten. He hit the reply button on his phone then thought about what Coty had said. He hit delete and stuffed the phone into his pocket instead. Leaving his mug on the table, he ran outside after his buddy.
“What’s the meeting for?” He caught up to Coty a block from the coffee shop. He ignored the wind that reminded him he’d forgotten to close his coat. He left it open as a form of inner punishment.
Coty didn’t change his pace and kept staring ahead. “Not a hundred percent sure, actually. There’s a rumor a human knows about us and needs to be dealt with. Or, some new Shadow’s been screwing up royally and needs to be taught a few things in manners.” Coty cleared his throat. “I’m just going for the entertainment.”
Janus hadn’t told him about the meeting. “Whatever. You’re just like me. You don’t go to these things unless you’ve been summoned. What’re you witness to?” Erebus felt the chill of the night, not sure if it was from the cold or the conversation. He zipped his coat and shoved his hands deep into his pockets.
Coty kicked a stone lying on the sidewalk. It bounced off a garbage can and disappeared across the street. “Like I said, it could be one of two things.”
“And?”
Coty shrugged. “I saw the human, the one on trial, and know about the Shadow she was with. I didn’t inform the Night Council, but someone has, and my presence has been requested.”
Erebus’ phone vibrated against his chest. He pulled it out. A text.
“The girl?” Coty asked.
Erebus shook his head. “Janus. It looks like I’m coming with you.” He detested these meetings and hadn’t been to one in years.
Coty paused in his stride, glanced at Erebus and nodded.
They walked in silence through the downtown business section, towards the more ramshackle district. They passed several buildings whose windows were boarded up and had graffiti decorating their walls. Everything in this part of town seemed in need of repair. Garbage needed to be picked up, homeless people loitered in doorways of condemned houses calling out for money for their next fix; even the smell in the air seemed polluted. Erebus noticed the first streetlight burned out and counted to see if the fifth light was out as well. He heard Coty mumble something unintelligible, and, out of the corner of his eye, Erebus watched him count the next set of streetlights for the sixth light to be out.
They passed the next string of lights, and when they came to the seventh light no longer working, they turned into the driveway of a dilapidated house. Coty opened the creaky wire gate and let Erebus go through first. Every sound seemed amplified between the house and garage walkway. Single file, they came around to the back of the house and were stopped by a very tall, large figure.
The guard would’ve stopped any mortal in their tracks and had them rethink where they were going. From the dull light that showed from the back porch, Erebus could see the man had terrible scars on his face and neck. He suspected the disfigurement continued down, hidden by the man’s clothing. The guard said nothing, just raised a mammoth hand to make them wait.
Erebus knew the man was a Shadow, a sixth sense told him without having to think about it. What he wondered was how this Shadow had been scarred. A Shadow’s skin should be flawless and perfect. They didn’t get sick and never felt pain. That this guy would have scars which hadn’t healed showed a warning to other Shadows. The Night Council had obviously stepped in, and he had been punished and was probably doing time working as a guard now.
Coty interrupted Erebus’ thoughts and shattered the silence of the night air.
“Dude! What the heck happened to your face?” Coty pointed and tilted his head to get a better look.
“Naw-thang zat needs a sec-sec-cond look, pur-prutty boey.” The guard’s voice sounded scratched and broken, like it had been damaged. “I ca-can dew the zame to yers ifyada li-like.”
“He’s fine, just an idiot.” Erebus pulled on Coty’s sleeve and started for the back door entrance. “Come on. Let’s get inside before you start trouble out here.” The guard had some serious anger issues, and he wasn’t about to let Coty help the guy work them out.
“Are there enough here already?” Coty restrained against Erebus’ pull, his body half turned trying to talk to the guy.
“Enuf.” The guard crossed his arms over his massive chest and turned away to face the empty, neglected yard. The back of his leather jacket had a skull with a gun that’d been shot and showed blood pouring out of the eye sockets and nose.
Erebus relaxed when Coty turned to follow him. They walked across the warped porch steps. Erebus held his breath as they entered the house and walked down the narrow staircase to the basement of the house. It was more of a cellar, and the steps were made of wood that had nearly rotted away. When they reached the bottom, he inhaled a thick, musty stench that seemed to ferment inside his nostrils. It was putrid and probably thick enough to seep into his clothing.
Dim lights led them down a constricted hallway to a larger, open area. The area seemed well lit, but the ceiling was very low. Erebus tried not to smirk when he heard Coty swear behind him after he banged his head. Old insulation, dust, and whatever else filtered and sprinkled down through the air from Coty’s noggin meeting to the edge of the ceiling.
His grin disappeared, replaced by a sombre expression, when they entered the room. The house might be a rat’s nest, but this room belonged in a palace. It was like stepping through some portal, but Erebus knew that was impossible. However, the glass floor, gold walls, and pillars did make the room seem magical.
Shadows stood in a large circle, not talking or even paying attention to who entered. They stared at the figure in the center of the room. A female sat tied to a chair, nearly naked. Most of her clothes had been ripped and torn away. She faced away from Erebus, and he could see bruising and cuts on her bare back. Blood and vomit pooled around her feet. He opened his mouth to avoid breathing through his nose, knowing the smell didn’t belong in this room. The rancid, sour smell hit him so strong he could even taste it.
Erebus moved to the left of the circle and stood behind several other Shadows. He had no intention of making his way to the front line. He swallowed hard as he watched Coty move in the opposite direction and push his way through those standing to the five seated in high-back
throne-style chairs.
The Night Council were Shadows in charge of disciple and punishment. Stunning women, clothed in Renaissance dresses, who believed they were goddesses in their own right, even down to their golden high heeled shoes. Their names were engrained into Erebus’ brain like his own name: Disciplina, Indivia, Furena, Laverna, and Poena. They sat there on their judgement thrones waiting to pass verdict on this poor, human girl.
Coty slid past the front line of watchers and stood in front of the wooden table. He leaned forward across it, his hand spread wide on the wood and spoke quietly to the Night Council. Erebus couldn’t hear what was said but could tell from his rigid posture and refusal to acknowledge the girl; Coty didn’t want to be there. His friend made a curt nod to the Night Council and moved to the left of the elaborately carved table, facing the girl with forced vacant eyes staring nowhere.
Not good, Erebus thought. Either Coty couldn’t help the girl or he himself was in big trouble. Erebus moved to get a better view of his friend, the girl and those behind the table.
The Night Council wore matching long golden cloaks over their dresses. Erebus thought they looked more like capes and was reminded of Coty’s earlier conversation about vampires. These five could pass for night creatures with their pale faces and beauty which looked chiselled from stone. They might be physically stunning, but their eyes looked evil. Erebus had wondered more than once if they took delight in the punishment of humans and others Shadows.
Poena stood, her heels tapping loudly in the near silent room. She glided over to the female in the chair. Every move she made appeared calculated and snake-like. The room grew more hushed. Poena grabbed the female’s chin and forced her head up. The girl’s raven black hair fell from its loosely tied bun and rippled as Poena shook the girl.
“You know what we are, child?” Poena’s voice came out soft but full of accusation.
A chill ran down his spine, and Erebus wondered what the poor girl must be feeling. Relief and guilt filled him. Relief he wasn’t able to see her face and didn’t know her. Guilt immediately followed because of his relief and that he was helpless to do anything for her.
The human must have replied, but Erebus had been too lost in his own thoughts to hear her.
A vicious, morbid laugh escaped from Disciplina, sitting at the table, a long cigarette in a thin holder between her fingers.
“Who are you?” Indivia asked.
“Does it matter?” The girl shrugged, sounding defeated. “I’m human. Just a college student having a good time.” Her voice became a whisper towards the end.
“Who told you of us?” Indivia demanded.
“N-No one. I slept with some of your guys, and after I’d been with the shadow-girl,” the girl nodded her head in the direction of a female standing not too far from Coty. “I figured it out. It was easy.” The girl sounded proud. “Especially after I fooled around with the girl and the guy together.”
“You were so smart to figure us out all on your own?” Indivia mocked. She looked like a snake coiled and ready to spring.
“It wasn’t hard.” She shifted in her seat so her chin came free of Peona’s hand. The remaining overstretched strap of her shirt slipped down her arm, revealing a mound of breast flesh. “If I say that someone told me, can you let me go?” The girl looked around the room as far as her head could turn.
Furina jumped over the table, faster than Erebus though possible in the layers of dress she wore. Furina slapped the girl, the sound echoing in the room. She then punched the girl in the stomach. “You have the audacity to try and bargain with us?” She hissed.
“What else am I supposed to do?”
“Fear us!” Furina screamed. “You know what we are.”
“So what if I know you’re some kind of freaks? It isn’t like you possess any special powers.” The girl sounded annoyed. “What do you want me to do? Pretend you’re some kind of god and toss flow–” She stuttered when Furina slapped her twice; blood flew across the shiny floor. Furina wrapped her hand around the girl’s neck. The girl struggled but could go nowhere. When Furina stepped back, the girl spoke in a throaty voice, “Sorry, I meant goddess. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean it.” She began to cry. She made no noise, but her entire body shook and trembled.
“Are you trying for the sympathy vote?” Furina’s nostrils flared. “I want to become one of you,” the girl whispered.
“Impossible.” Peona laughed, a loud high pitched bark. Erebus wished he could leave. His stomach churned and he felt ill. He shouldn’t have come.
“I-I n-never meant t-to find out.” Blood ran down the girl’s hand as she tried unsuccessfully to get her hand free from behind her back.
“Doesn’t matter. The minute you learned about us, your fate was sealed.”
The girl’s shoulders slumped, her head dropping forward. The fight seemed to drain from her. “Please…please…please,” she whispered over and over again
“Things change when death knocks on your door, doesn’t it, sweetie?” Poena’s voice purred. She looked around the room, venom in her eyes. “Let this be a lesson for all of you. Share our secret and not only will we, the Night Council, find out, but the human and the Shadow’s life will be diminished. This one is diminished tonight, and those of you involved must remain behind.
“You know how set apart you are to be created as a Shadow? Yet, many of you think you’re bigger than the Night Council. You’re paid handsomely to keep your secret and yet, you fools still make mistakes and bring problems to our door. Our door!” Poena stomped a foot, and marble cracked beneath her. She strode around the inner circle, pointing and touching those within reach. “You have immortality. You’re all idiots!” Poena screamed. She strode over the center of the circle and shoved the girl so her chair tipped over. The girl lay on her back, her mouth open in a silent scream.
Indivia rose from her throne. “The Night Council set up laws for all of us to live by long before many of you were even created. Those simple rules are for our survival. We are immortal, but we’re not invincible. We are vulnerable, and do you think for one moment, these humans will not cage us like animals? They wouldn’t understand we need to be within our shadow by dawn. We can only survive from sunset to sunrise. Are you fools too stupid to remember that as well?
“We would no longer be able to mix among the human race if one or more of us were caught. That is, if any of us were to survive once our secret was out. Tell one of them and you might as well have a billboard add or internet advertising banner. It has always been zero tolerance for us. That’ll never change.”
Poena strode back to her chair, resting her hands on the back. Her knuckles became whiter than the paleness of the rest of her skin, but her face grew red. “Get out. All of you! The men who slept with this woman stay, and the female Shadow will be found out and made an example of. Remember this,” her arm swept across the room, “all of you, and don’t make the same mistake.”
Coty stepped forward and bent down, reaching out to straighten the girl’s chair. He leaned close to the girl’s ear.
“Leave her!” the Night Council shouted in unison.
Indivia spoke to the circle. “The Night Council has work to do. We have your mess to clean up.”
Erebus had had enough. He was the first out of the room. The screams of terror from the girl ate at him. She begged and pleaded for her life.
The noise didn’t belong in this magical room, but it belonged in the rundown house and putrid hallway. He ran up the stairs to get outside. He saw the guard standing on the deck with a toolbox and large black plastic bundle. He didn’t pause to consider why the guard needed it. One look was enough to explain. It was all so wrong.
Breathing seemed impossible. Erebus struggled to supply the amount of oxygen his body was begging for. He heaved in long drags of cold oxygen, blowing hot clouds of breath which disappeared into the night air. Slowly controlling his racing heart, he thought about Coty, which only set it thundering again. Pausing in front of the house, he debated on waiting for his friend. Deep down, he knew Coty would be detained for a while, but he’d be safe. The Night Council wouldn’t hurt those involved who hadn’t broken the law. Coty hadn’t told the girl what he was; he’d just made the mistake of sleeping with her.
No wonder depression clung to Erebus like a second skin. He hadn’t been to a Night Council gathering in years; now he remembered why. He detested his kind and hated himself. Nothing he could do would save that poor girl. If he stepped in now, they’d both be killed. When the Night Council made their decision, it was final. Arguing would only lead to distrust and punishment.
He’d been there once and learned his lesson. He needed to do what Shadows always did best, walk away.
Right now, he just wanted to get out of there as fast as possible and try to clear his head.
Screw walking away, he wanted to run.






Chapter 4
Rum Jungle

A cool breeze stirred, and Erebus shoved his hands deep into his coat pockets. He’d grown tired of running. He’d slowed to a jog and then finally to a walk, head down, watching one foot lead the other. Even if his conscience hadn’t registered it yet, he knew where he was going.
Leaving behind the crappy end of town with the hidden palace, he continued past tall office buildings towards Lake Street. He could already hear the sound of the waterfall from Falls Creek above the traffic noise.
Once inside the park, he could finally begin to breathe again. His feet took him towards the hundred-foot waterfall where he finally lifted his head. In the dark, he could see the white foam from the water. Falls Creek was the crowned jewel of the Ithaca gorges and for Erebus, his survival place. It was what had drawn him to Cornell in the first place.
He stared at the water, watching it fall without end. Kind of like my life. I’m falling, and it’s never going to end. There’s no way out of this. He sighed, his thoughts drifting to the one thing that had actually made him feel different for the first time in a very, very long time. I need to stay away from Aurora. The meeting gave proof to that. If she ever found out, she’d be the girl tied to the chair. Even if that were miraculously avoided, she’d never be able to comprehend who, or what, he was.
Coty had given him good advice. He had to be careful. It was clear as day Shadows weren’t allowed to interact with humans, except to use them. Their entire being cried out for simple, instant lustful gratification. Hell would hold no terror against the Night Court if they heard a Shadow was looking for love. They’d never believe it, anyways. Shadows had no idea what love could even mean.
Why did he have to be so damn different? Like Coty, the rest of the Shadow world had no problem living the high life. He couldn’t imagine one of them that was different like him.
Thinking of the others, he was reminded of a certain female Shadow who would create mayhem if she ever found him with a human. Nanny would destroy him if she even considered the possibility he could love a mortal. Nanny could probably do more damage than the five Night Council queens combined.
He settled onto a wooden bench that overlooked the waterfall. Leaning forward, he rested his elbows on his knees and made a conscious effort to think like Coty.
Keep it simple. Hang out, have some fun, then leave. People had relationships with no strings attached. Other Shadows did it all the time, and so could he.
If I feel I’m getting in too deep, I can leave. Find a new spot, a new waterfall. He’d never been to Niagara Falls; maybe a stint in Canada might be a good change of pace.
A repeated vibration brought his thoughts back to where he was. He pulled his phone out and flipped the screen on. He already knew who it was. Aurora had sent another text.
Aaron Buss, this is my last text. I know this is the right number. Drank toooo many spiced rum n cokes. R U ignoring me? My gals think U R a ghost.
Despite the events of the evening, the corners of Erebus’ mouth twitched upwards. First a vampire and now a ghost, what was going to be next?
Screw responsibility. He’d act like a Shadow tonight and not care about the repercussions. There wouldn’t be any. He’d get a taste of Aurora and simply walk away before dawn. Once he had a taste, it would be enough.
He rose and started jogging towards Lake Street to hail a cab.

Erebus leaned against the bar inside the Rum Jungle. He ordered a Molson Canadian and a pitcher of Captain Morgan and Coke. The place was already packed with people, music blaring, and the dance floor crowded. He watched the dance floor a few moments and then scanned the room as he waited for the bartender. If he didn’t see Aurora he’d drink the beer and then leave. His heart sped up erratically when he spotted her. She stood, laughing with a group of girls on the other side of the dance floor.
He held his breath while he admired her body, unnoticed from across the room. Iridescent sparkles from her tank top drew his gaze to her round, perky breasts. Black jeans fit tight against her toned legs and buttocks. His body ached with a primal desire. He wanted to touch her, to experience the feel of her creamy skin and see if it heated from his contact.
His eyes traveled from her hands up to her slender shoulders. She liked to talk with her hands. She wore her hair straight tonight, making him wonder if it was naturally curly. They’d have to spend the night together for him to find that out. He reminded himself to blink and breathe. He was getting way ahead of himself.
The bartender brought his order, which he paid for, and out of habit, included a large tip. He checked himself in the mirror behind the bar before turning. His dark hair rested in place, hardly mussed from the run to find a cab. He was surprised to see his steel eyes actually looked shiny tonight, and he had no idea why.
He wore a dark green polo. He undid an extra button to look more relaxed, relieved he’d checked his coat at the door. He looked down to make sure his black pants and shoes weren’t dirty. Noting everything was clean, he grabbed the drinks and sauntered over to Aurora.
“Excuse me, ladies. The bartender suggested you might need another round.” He stood behind Aurora and bent forward to set the pitcher on their table, inhaling her tantalizing perfume as his face brushed by her hair.
“Aaron, you came!” She jumped up to hug him. Wobbling from intoxication or her high heels, she leaned into him for support, pressing their bodies together. Instinct made him bring his arms firmly around her tiny waist. Unable to resist, he dropped his head down to place a light, tender kiss on her lips.
Both stepped back in surprise, although Aurora kept hold of his hand as she moved. He liked the feel of her soft skin against his. For once, he didn’t have the notion to pull away.
“Hey, girls, this is Aaron Buss. See, he’s not a ghost!” She stepped back towards him, leaning her weight against his frame. He grinned and, in the back of his mind, wondered if he might ever tell her his real name. Aaron sounded so much better, especially when she said it.
“Hi.” He glanced at her friends, but his concentration focused on the heat from Aurora’s body searing against his.
“Silly me.” Aurora tapped her forehead. “Sorry, these are my gal-pals. Ally, Brianna, and my roommate, Tori.” She pointed with her free hand. Ally had dark hair and a cute nose. Her face lit up when Aurora said her name. Tori was tall, thin, and stunningly beautiful. Gotta be a model. He made a mental note to not introduce her to Coty. Brianna looked petite but sporty. She wore jeans and trainers and had her hair in a ponytail. She looked the least shy of them all and knew how to dress casual.
“Nice to meet you.” Erebus didn’t know what else to say. For a split second, he wished Coty was there. He’d know exactly what to say to make the girls laugh. “I should have brought glasses with the pitcher.” He took a swig of beer to wet his dry mouth.
“Not to worry. We can just refill the ones we have. Come sit and relax with us.” Tori patted a vacant barstool beside her.
“How ‘bout Aurora sits, and I’ll stand behind her?” He lifted Aurora onto the stool, then put his arms around her so she had to lean back against him. She didn’t mind at all. She smelled of perfume and lime from the drinks. It was the most intoxicating smell he’d ever inhaled.
A retro-dance remix from an old Cindy Lauper song started playing. The three girls jumped off their stools and screamed in unison.
“Dance floor, right now!” squealed Tori.
“We’ll stay here and save the seats.” Aurora said to her girlfriends’ backsides. Erebus settled onto Tori’s empty stool. They both grinned, staring at each other for a few moments.
“You didn’t answer any of my texts today.” She pouted. Erebus licked his lips as he stared at her lower, protruding lip. He briefly wondered if she pouted because of the amount of alcohol she’d consumed or if she was simply pretending to look sad.
“Sorry. I got up late and didn’t check my phone until early this evening.” That wasn’t a complete lie.
“Right. So you’re more of a night person?”
You have no idea. “I’m here now if that counts.”
“Definitely.” She grinned and reached out to brush his hand lightly with her fingers. She hesitated before slowly pulling her hand back, resting it under the table.
“I’m glad.” Could I sound any more idiotic? Say something intelligent. She’s scanning the dance floor for her friends. “Do you want to dance?”
Aurora’s blue-green eyes swung back to his face. He watched her argue her response through her facial expressions. Her mouth and eyes popped open, then she closed her mouth and exhaled. She tilted her head slightly and grinned.
“I’d rather sit here with you.”
“Or we could stand on the dance floor together. I have this vision of you as a teenager -- dressing like Cindy Lauper and dancing in front of your bedroom mirror.”
She dropped her head back and laughed. He loved the sound. It wasn’t some light, whimsical sound. It came out deep and throaty, straight from her core.
“Though I am more of a Katie Perry fan, I think the entire female population has danced to ’Girls Just Want to Have Fun’ at least once in their lifetime.”
“Well then, what are we waiting for?” Pushing his barstool back, he grabbed her hand and pulled her towards the dance floor.
“You’re too good to be true. I don’t know any guy willing to stand up and dance in front of some girls he’s just met.”
“I’m trying to impress you, and since I don’t know your friends, I’ve nothing to lose.” He couldn’t believe how bold he spoke. It wasn’t like him and he kind of liked it. He shouldered his way towards the center of the floor, keeping Aurora close to his side. He watched the hungry looks from the guys around them as he held her in his arms. He felt the build-up of a new, strange sensation inside of him. He wondered what it was.
All he knew was when he had the chance, he planned on kissing her so hard it took her breath away.
They reached Aurora’s friends.
“Do you dance? Or are you going to just stand there staring at Aurora?” Tori had a teasing note in her voice.
Filled with a unique feeling of confidence, Erebus winked at Tori when he reluctantly pulled his eyes away from Aurora.
“Aurora, you don’t mind if I take Tori for a quick spin?” He offered Tori his hand when Aurora nodded. He then focused on the model, trying his hardest to impress her with his dancing skills. He led her through ballroom steps at an upbeat pace.
A lifetime of evening dance classes were finally paying off. Years ago, Coty had convinced him to go to the classes with him. Coty went to pick up chicks; Erebus actually wanted to learn how to dance. He’d continued with every different type of dance class, long after Coty grew bored with it.
“Where’d you learn moves like these?” Aurora had stopped moving to gawk at him. He noticed only Tori and he were now dancing in their little circle. He released her and reached for Aurora.
“Dance classes.” Forty years of them to be exact.
Another retro-eighties song blared through the speakers. Erebus turned his focus on Aurora as the rest of the people in the bar disappeared.
An hour later the group of five became a group of six. Coty found Erebus just before last call. Aurora’s three friends drank him up, unable to resist his charisma. Once the bar closed, they ended up at Aurora and Tori’s apartment for one more round.
They all stood laughing and chatting in the living room. “Have a seat,” Aura said. “Tori and I’ll grab some drinks.”
“Hey, Aurora?” Coty called out, winking at Erebus. “You’re so young. How’d they let you into the bar? Don’t you have, like, another year before you’re legal?”
“Ha ha, funny guy. Fake ID,” she teased. “And I don’t look young.” “Yes, you do,” Coty and Erebus said at the same time.
“Double Funny. Did you boys practice that on the walk over?” Tori called from the kitchen. “Did Ereb-Aaron tell you I taught him how to dance?” Coty dropped onto the couch in the
dimly lit living room. Ally and Brianna sat on either side of him. Erebus headed for the leather- worn ottoman. Aurora and Tori grabbed drinks from their kitchen.
“He mentioned he took dance lessons.” Aurora walked over and dropped onto Erebus’ lap, taking a swig of his beer before handing it to him. He laughed at the grimace on her face as she swallowed.
“Not a beer connoisseur?” He liked the feel of her firm bottom on his thighs.
She shook her head and giggled. “With the amount of alcohol I’ve consumed tonight, you’d think it would be fine. But, nope. Don’t like beer. I’ll stick to the lady drinks.” She rested her head on his shoulder.
They talked and joked around with each other. Played a few terrible rounds of cards and ended up sticking cards to their foreheads and trying to guess their own numbers.
Eventually Erebus and Aurora ended up back in the same ottoman as the beginning of the night. Relaxed, Erebus’ hand involuntarily brushed strands of hair from her face. He was drunk with desire for her. He felt her body begin to relax as he ran his fingers through it. Her breathing slowed. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the arresting features of her face, not even hearing Coty call his name several times.
“Aaron. AARON. EREBUS!”
Irritated, Erebus shook his head to focus on his friend. “What?”
“I think it’s time we get going. It’s getting close to five o’clock, and these beautiful ladies need to rest. If we overstay our welcome, we won’t be invited back.”
Erebus didn’t want to agree. His brain told him one thing, but his body was begging for something else – someone else.
“You get going. I can meet you in an hour.” Wait! Sunrise’s at 5:32 today. He groaned with the weight of the reality from his thoughts. “Shit. I’m coming. I’ll meet you downstairs in ten minutes.”
“Five minutes.” Coty turned to the three ladies who were now sleeping on the couch. “G’night, gems. I’ll definitely be seeing you again.” He walked out the door without looking back.
“Aurora.” Erebus whispered her name as he wrapped his arms under her body. As he shifted to stand up, he noticed she felt almost weightless – fragile. She nestled closer into him and sighed. He headed down the hall, unsure which room was hers. He silently kicked the first door open and looked in the room. Designer clothes and magazines were strewn about the floor and furniture. Model’s room.
He moved down to the end of the hall and pushed the last door open with his shoulder. This room appeared neat and organized. Shelves of books against three walls, a queen-size bed against the far wall with a picture above it. The blown-up photo stopped him in his tracks. It was of Falls Creek, at night. He stared in wonder at it, to the girl in his arms, and back to the picture.
Torn, he finally laid Aurora down on the bed. Light as she felt, she easily pulled him down with her, and he tumbled onto the bed. Resting an elbow beside her pillow, he leaned forward to taste her lips. Her hands entwined into his hair as a warm sigh escaped her soft mouth.
“Stay. Stay the night,” she murmured between kisses.
“It’s pretty much morning. I can’t.” Was there a torture any sweeter than this? “I’ll call you tonight. Maybe we can go for a coffee.” He dragged himself away from her lips, her scent, and her bed. He grabbed the duvet at the end of the bed and covered her. Backing out of the room, he watched her eyes flutter closed, a small smile on her face.

He found Coty outside the three-story apartment building. They started walking towards Lake Street.
“What’s wrong with you,” Coty hissed. “Are you trying to get into trouble?”
“I thought you were having a good time tonight.”
“You need to stay away from that girl.”
“What?” Erebus stopped momentarily in his tracks.
Coty shook his head but kept moving. “This can only lead to trouble. Get out before you get yourself in too deep.”
Erebus started walking again, his long strides easily catching up to Coty. “I can handle myself.”
“This is different. I’ve never seen you like that before.”
Erebus rubbed his neck and looked away. “What’s wrong with having fun? You do.” Coty poked him in the arm. “I don’t do this.”
“I’m not stopping.” I can’t stop.
“As your friend, I’m telling you this is going to end you. I’ll have to tell Janus.” Coty checked his watch, his pace quickening. “Look, it’s too late to talk about it now. I need to find a bus stop. There isn’t one on this road until we hit Lake Street.” He took off running fast, like he was being chased by time itself.
Erebus could feel anxiety tightening in his chest. He pulled on his collar, his eyes darting everywhere as he searched for a pay phone. Looking everywhere, he clenched and unclenched his fists. Short gasps escaped as spittle ran down his chin.
He finally spotted a phone booth near the next intersection, beside a Kentucky Fried Chicken. Apprehension made his feet break into a run. He could sense the sunrise just at his back. Aurora completely forgotten, he leaned into the booth like a sprinter at the finish line of a race.
The sun broke through, casting a thin, small wisp of a shadow onto the pavement, behind the phone booth.







Chapter 5
Mythology

I swear I’m going under. I’m in the middle of this dark abyss, trying to fight my way to the surface. What if I’m thrashing in the wrong direction, going down instead of up? I can’t hold my breath much longer. My body feels ready to explode, begging to find release -- to find freedom. It couldn’t get any darker, but everything is now pitch black. I stop struggling and allow myself to sink, in defeat.

Erebus flinched, then shuddered as he came to. His eyes fluttered open. He squinted at a bright, red light shining directly at him. Taking slow, deep breaths, he focused on slowing his heart rate and draining the anxiety which racked his core. He hated the transition from his shadow back into human form. It always left him confused and disorientated.
He stood, leaning against the inside of a phone booth. A Kentucky Fried Chicken sign in neon red and white bounced off the booth’s glass. He glared back at it as he pushed the bi-fold door open, stepping out into the brisk, fresh air.
Without checking the sky, he knew it was moments past sunset. The shadows of the evening had just come out. His next thought was of Aurora. She brought a smile to his lips, and all the heaviness that filled his chest lifted. It was Sunday night; maybe he’d call her.
Coffee first. Holding his breath to avoid the stench of the Colonel’s Fried Chicken, he started walking north. Erebus looked around, trying to assess his location. A small café sign across the street caught his attention.
Pulling his collar up against the cool wind, he strolled into the café, grabbing a newspaper from an empty booth. After ordering coffee and cappuccino, he sat down to read the paper. The forecast called for rain later that evening and sunrise would be at 6:09 tomorrow morning. Thank goodness autumn had arrived. It made the days shorter and nights longer.
He tossed the paper aside and reached inside his jacket for his phone. Setting it on the table, he waited before checking it. First he drained his coffee, then flipped the cell open. Strangely disappointed, there were no new messages.
Sitting straighter, he scrolled through his contacts to find Aurora’s number. His slender finger hovered over the keys as he thought about what he’d text her. He’d never cared about what others thought or how his actions would make them respond. Now, for the first time, it all seemed very important.
A – what r u doing 2nite?
His thumb drummed against the booth table trying to come up with something to do. A second later, he snatched the phone off the table before the first vibration had finished. Heart hammering, he scanned her reply.
Hi :) in the library, mythology research paper. Boring. What r u doing? Shoot. He wanted to see her this evening. His fingers flew over the keys. Having coffee, hoped u mite join me.
Her reply came seconds later.
I wish! Come find me N bring COFFEE! Latte, prettttty please?
He replied: What floor? C U in 15.
He ordered a latte to go and grabbed a cab to Cornell’s library. He checked his phone when he stood in front of the building.
3rd floor. Far right.
Erebus slipped through the old wooden door that led from the staircase into the main part of the library’s third floor. He gazed around. There were only a few people studying. It seemed reverently quiet – peaceful. He wondered why he didn’t come here more often.
The brightly-lit sanctuary gave the impression of daytime. Well, what he’d seen on television about daytime. The only giveaway here was the night-darkened windows. Erebus headed toward the right, rounding a corner and walking towards a study area with long desks and rows of chairs.
His body found Aurora before his eyes did. He could feel the internal heat and the fluttering of his heart. His stride quickened as he walked towards her, as if being pulled by invisible strings.
Aurora sat bent over a book, at a large, double-sided oak desk. Wavy hair fell forward, covering her face and obscuring his approach.
Silently stepping towards her, he paused. Eyes closing involuntarily, he inhaled deeply through his nostrils. He could smell a new scent on her, like a bit of the ocean, sand, and something else.
He set the latte down. Then resting both hands on the desk, he reached in to get closer to the glorious new smell. His nose brushed against her hair, and his eyes involuntarily closed again.
Aurora brought her head up, her cheek brushing against his nose.
“You smell like sunshine.” There was awe in his voice. Eyes still closed, he tried to capture the scent in his mind. He wished he could hold the scent forever.
She laughed. “Sunshine? I think you mean suntan lotion. Tori and I spent the day by the water, trying to catch a few lingering rays.”
“Mmmm. I like it.” He sat down across from her at the oak table. A brass antique table lamp cut off the full view of her. Pushing back on his chair, he lifted the front two legs off the floor. He crossed his arms over his chest and grinned at her. She made him feel alive.
“What?” She glanced up from the enormous textbook. “Nothing. You look very…studious.”
“Hey! You’re not allowed to come here and make fun of me. If you start calling me mature, I’m going to have to do some serious butt-kicking.” She covered her mouth. He could see the wrinkles near her eyes and knew she was smiling.
Holding his hands up in mock surrender, he let the chair drop with a light thud. He leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table so he could have a better look at the textbook she studied. The pages had some type of list – a bold word, followed by regular print.
“What’re you trying to read? A dictionary?”
“No. Well, kind of.” A breathy laugh escaping her lips. “The paper is for that elective ancient mythology class I’m taking. This book has mythological names and their meanings listed in alphabetical order, plus country of origin.”
“Name meanings?” In all his years, he’d never given that a thought.
“Yes. Here, give me a name, and I’ll see if the name ever represented a god.”
He paused as he tried to think of a name. Something simple. “Does it have Janus?” He lifted his eyebrows and shrugged.
Aurora gave him one of those “you’ve-got-to-be-kidding-me” looks but flipped to the “J” section, her hand running down the page as she searched. “Yup. It says here Janus is from Roman Mythology – The god of beginnings. One of the principal Roman gods, the custodian of the universe. The first hour of the day, the first day of the month, the first month of the year (which bears his name) were sacred to him. His chief function was guardian deity of gates and doors.” She grinned. “Do you know him?”
Definitely. “Maybe.”
“Try another name.” She thumbed page corners as she waited. “How about, Ueuecoyotl? It’s spelled U-E-U-E-C-O-Y-O-T-L.” “You know someone by that name?” She flipped to the U’s.
“It’s Coty’s full name, actually. He’s got a South American or Native American background, I think.”
Aurora’s finger ran down the page. “Holy smokes, it’s here! It’s from Aztec Mythology. In English, it represents the old, old coyote. He’s the god of fun, laughter, and sex. Or whatever else makes life merrier.”
Erebus laughed; it couldn’t be closer to the truth.
“Give me another one. You’re good at original names.”
“What about Erebus?” He said it quickly, slurring the word into two syllables instead of three. “It’s spelled E-R-E-B-U-S” His heart thundered in his ears. He was sure Aurora could hear it from across the table. What if she made the connection to his name? Erebus – Aaron Buss.
“Let’s see.” She looked down as she flipped to the “E” section. “Hmm… here it is. It’s under Erelus with Erebus beside it. Looks like Erelus is Roman and Erebus is Greek. He was the son of a primordial god, Kaos, and represented the personification of darkness and shadow, which filled in all the corners and crannies of the world.” She looked up for a moment, “Poor guy. It sounds a bit depressing. Give me a girl’s name. I’m gonna use these name to write my paper. This is great!”
Erebus tried to swallow, but his throat felt dry. He wished he’d never asked about his stupid name. At least she hadn’t made the connection. He stared at her. “Oh yeah. Girl’s name right?”
Aurora’s thumb tapped against the parchment paper. She blinked rapidly and pretended to smile innocently.
He racked his brain and could only think of one. “Nanganana.”
Aurora brought her chin up, along with her eyebrows. She raised a hand showing him her palm. “I’m not going to ask. I’ll just see if it’s here.” She flipped to the “N” section. “You’ve either got some strange friends or took this class. I think you’ve got some faddish for freaky names.” She glanced down and traced a find down the page. “Let’s see…Yup, it’s part of the Oceanic Mythology. She was the goddess of Deadly Punishment. Seems if you die a bachelor, there’s no hope. She’ll wait by the coast for your soul to arrive and then bash it against the rocks.”
“Ouch.” Definitely fit Nanny’s description.
“Alright. Time to stop the fun research. I need to make a quick trip to the ladies’ room.
When I return, I’d better get some work done.” She winked at him as she slid her chair back and headed towards the restrooms.
Erebus watched her walk away, enjoying the slight swing of her hips and muscled derriere. Once out of sight, he reached forward and pulled the textbook towards him, quickly turning to the beginning of the lists. He sucked in his breath and held it when he found her name.
Aurora – Roman Mythology (or Eos in Greek Mythology). Goddess of dawn.
Erebus slammed the book shut, not wanting to read any more. Dazed, he pushed the book back to Aurora’s side of the table. What were the chances his name represented shadows and darkness and her name symbolized dawn? Was it destiny or were the gods just playing – mocking him and having a laugh?
Aurora returned a few moments later. As she sat down, Erebus stood.
“I really should go and let you get your paper done.” Part of him didn’t want to leave, but his head needed the night air to clear it.
“You don’t have to go.” Aurora looked surprised.
He stared in wonder at the goddess before him. She had, by far, the sexiest facial expression he’d ever seen. When she looked at him like that, he didn’t think he’d ever be able to say no to her.
“I can stay.” Forever, if you’d like.
“It’ll take me less than an hour to get my first draft done. I can finalize the paper in the morning.” Her face lit up when he sat back down.
Content, he watched her work for the next two hours. They chatted about Cornell’s campus, what she liked about her courses, and the classes she hated. When she began putting her notebook and pens into her backpack, she turned the questions on him.
“How long have you lived in Ithaca?”
Erebus blinked. He rarely thought about time in months or years. “About five years, I think.”
“What’d you study?”
“Study? Oh, I didn’t come here for school. I just liked the town and the scenery.” It was the truth. He’d been running from New York and woke up one night here in Ithaca. University towns were always the easiest – he appeared to be close to the same age. Plus, students kept strange hours that didn’t make his seem weird.
Aurora nodded but didn’t look like she understood.
“I-I’d been living in New York and had had enough of being in the city. Ithaca seemed like a nice place for a fresh start.”
“Did something happen?”
Erebus couldn’t mistake the concern in her eyes. He rubbed his temple. He hated talking about the past. It was hard enough to talk to Coty, and he knew what had happened. Now Erebus was trying to explain this to Aurora – a girl he really liked but hardly knew? “Let’s just say it was trouble, a relationship gone badly.” Nanny was the trouble. She was also a Shadow. She no longer deserved the time in his thoughts.
“Shall I assume it was the girl’s fault?” Aurora broke through his reverie.
He blinked, surprised at how easy she could read him. “You could say that. I misunderstood her intentions. Plus, like I said, I’d had enough of the city. I wanted to see the seasons through nature’s eye.”
“Wow. You’re a nature guy? Do you come from a colony of nudists?”
“Pardon?” Erebus stared at Aurora, wondering if she was crazy. He saw the corners of her mouth twitch a few times. “You’re taking the micky out of me, aren’t you?”
“The what?” She started giggling. “I’m only teasing. Where are you from then, not New York?”
Erebus stood. “Let’s get out of here and go for a walk. You’re eventually going to need to get some sleep if you’ve got classes tomorrow and that paper to write.”
Aurora got up, resting her hands on her hips. “You didn’t answer my question.” She’s definitely going to make a good lawyer. “I’m originally from England.” “It must have been when you were young. I don’t hear an accent.”
“Yeah, I left a long time ago.” He wasn’t going to let this conversation go any further. “I hate to do this to you, but I really need to get going. I’ve got work to do.”
“What do you do? Are you a professor? Maybe a midnight assassin? eBay shop-aholic?” “No. Though I tried, but couldn’t find midnight assassin posted in the classified ads.” He
gave a brief smile and glanced towards the exit. Rolling his shoulders, his body ached to get out of the building. He impatiently waited for her to slip her jacket on and grab her backpack. Silent, he walked with her down the staircase and out of the library, purposely keeping a safe distance away. Nanny wasn’t even here and she was ruining his evening.
Once outside in the open night air, he felt he could relax again but was unable to look at her. He concentrated on the ground. There were a million things he wanted to say but had no idea how to say them. He barely knew her and yet felt like he’d been waiting for her since he’d been formed. He didn’t know how to be with her but didn’t think he could breathe without her.
“I’m sorry if I said something to upset you.” Aurora’s voice broke through his thoughts.
His upper body rose and fell as he sighed. He reached for her hand and kissed each finger gently. “It was nothing you said. I’m the one who’s sorry. I just don’t like thinking about the past. They’re my demons, not yours.”
“Shall we focus on the future then? Like maybe a movie on Friday night?”
He could tell she was making a valiant effort to sound cheerful. He wondered if she felt the same strings pulling them together as he did. “I’d like that.”
“Me, too. Do you want me to pick you up at your place? I’ve got a car.”
Sure, think you can meet me at one of the local pay phones? Just after sunset? Say around seven-ish? “How about we meet at Starbucks on University? The one just before you enter campus. I’ve got a meeting there at seven which shouldn’t take too long.”
“Okay. Around seven-thirty, then?”
“Sure.” Hopefully Janus will have been there and gone by then.
Aurora stood on her toes and kissed him lightly on the lips. He could still smell the sunlight on her skin and taste her on his lips after she’d whispered good night and walked away.
A few raindrops began to fall. Turning, he headed in the opposite direction, already deep in thought. He knew what he wanted to do and he didn’t care. Four nights – basically forty-eight
hours of his time to try and get a place sorted. If he wanted this to even remotely work, he was going to have to start living like humans did.
Scratching his head, he tried to remember how much cash he’d buried in the park by Falls Creek. He’d been stuffing money in that old trunk for years, never bothering to count or spend it. It wasn’t like he had been saving it for a rainy day. He just didn’t know what to do with it.
Giving it away would have put him in the limelight or drawn suspicion from the Council; neither of which he wanted.
He paused mid-stride, wondering what Janus would say if he knew what he was planning.
That was something he didn’t want to contemplate. Friday would be here soon enough.
Dashing into a corner store, he bought a local paper. He was determined to thumb through the classifieds, make some phone calls tonight, and start going through rental apartments tomorrow evening.
Four nights to prepare on breaking almost every rule and law set by the Shadows. And not get caught.







Chapter 6
The Handler

Friday evening dawned with new anticipation for Erebus. He always dreaded the start of the weekend, having to meet his handler. A really decent guy, Janus never questioned his actions or choices. Janus meant well; he just didn’t like seeing a Shadow depressed. It went against their code. In all the years Erebus had met with Janus, he couldn’t recall a time being eager to see Janus. In all honesty, he’d never felt enthusiastic about anything, or anyone. Even when he’d been with Nanny, he’d never felt content.
Shortly after seven, Erebus walked into Starbucks, whistling a tune he’d heard on his new stereo – which he’d set up at his studio apartment. In two days he’d managed to secure a place to live and cover the first year’s rent without even making a dent in his buried treasure box. Inside, he ordered an espresso and turned to see Janus sitting in a brown leather chair, his mouth hanging open.
“Hey, Janus, it’s good to see you.” Erebus grinned, he couldn’t help it.
“Erebus?” Janus’ eyes were as big as the saucer he held. His eyes narrowed. “Have you been doing drugs?”
“No!” Erebus laughed as he sat down across from his handler.
“What’s happened? I’ve never seen you like this.” Janus’ face softened. “Have you found yourself a playmate, or two?”
Sort of. Just not the way you’d approve. He glanced toward the doorway then back at Janus. “I decided I needed an apartment.” He figured a partial truth would be the best answer.
Janus looked disappointed for a moment before his expression turned thoughtful. “Good for you…I think. I’m glad to see that you’re trying to settle here. Not sure what you need a place for, but hey, if it keeps that smile on your lips, I’m alright with it.” Janus set his briefcase on the table and withdrew a stack of fifties. He held them out to Erebus.
“Thanks.” Erebus took the money and stuffed it into the inside breast pocket of his leather jacket. He checked his watch, not sure if Aurora might show up early and hoping Janus would leave.
“Who’re you meeting?” Janus’ voice took on a suspicious tone.
Erebus blinked. What should he do? Deny it? Lie? What would Coty say? “Just a girl.” “Oh…Oooohhh! It seems you’re finally taking advantage of the mortal market. Good for
you.” He let out a low chuckle.
Erebus sighed. His simple statement was meant to sound as Janus understood it, but he didn’t like referring to Aurora that way. Then again, her mortal market bits were quite enticing. He smirked and puffed his chest out, suddenly feeling the excitement of what might happen.
That his little plan might actually work.
“Word of caution, Erebus: You haven’t been with a mortal in a long time – don’t misunderstand your physical feelings.” His eyebrows crushed together. “What I am saying is don’t get yourself attached. I don’t want you thinking an apartment and a girl might make you settle down and be human.”
“It’s no big deal.” Erebus didn’t know what else to say. He knew if he admitted his true feelings, Janus would force him to leave or end the relationship before it started. Shadows don’t fall in love – plain and simple. He didn’t want to take the risk of having to end something before it even began. He also never understood the unwritten code of Shadows being with humans, besides physically. He’d never asked why the rule existed. The dangers or risks didn’t seem so serious to him at the moment. However, now was definitely not the time to question Janus about it.
Janus tapped a thumb against the leather of his briefcase. “None of us can choose our destiny. None of us can stop it either. Remember that. You can’t change things.” Janus’ eyes revealed years of knowledge Erebus had never experienced.
“I’m fine.” Erebus wondered if Janus knew him more than he knew himself.
The door opened and a blast of cool, fresh air blew over them mixed with a familiar musky scent. Erebus stared behind Janus, admiring the girl by the door. Aurora wore a full leather coat to protect her from the autumn wind. Her hair fell straight over her shoulders and down her back. Erebus missed the curls, but the straight hair gave her a more professional look. He swiftly ran his eyes up and down her slender body once more. The soft brown leather jacket tied tight around her waist brought notice to her curves.
She waved when she caught sight of him, making her way towards the table. Out of the corner of his eye, Erebus watched Janus turn in his seat to follow his gaze. Janus let out a low whistle only Erebus could hear.
“Hi.” Erebus stood abruptly, not wanting her to say Aaron and have Janus correct her or worse, ask questions. “This is,” he thought quickly, “a colleague of mine, Jan.”
Janus stood gawking, appreciation displayed in his expression.
“Hi, I’m Aurora.” She held out her hand, flipping her hair over her shoulder with a toss of her head. Both men hungrily followed the action. She seemed oblivious to their attention.
“Hello, Aurora. Lovely name. It’s very nice to meet you,” Janus gave her a perfect smile. He glanced at Erebus and winked. “I have other appointments I need to see this evening, so I must
be on my way. Have a pleasurable night.”
If Erebus could blush, his cheeks would have burned from the implication Janus had blatantly thrown out. “Cheers.” He’d have preferred to throttle the grinning man who picked up his briefcase and headed out into the night whistling the same tune Erebus had been when he’d first come in.
“He seems nice.” Aurora watched Janus leave.
“Jan—Jan’s a good guy.” For some reason, he didn’t want to say Janus’ full name. “Like Coty?” Aurora was still standing behind the now vacant chair.
“Much better than Coty.” Erebus laughed at the comparison. It was like night and day…so to speak.
“You want to head downtown to the theatre?” She pointed to his two, now empty, mugs. “Unless you want another one?”
“I’m good. We can head downtown, or we can walk around a bit and catch the later show.
That is, if you want to.” He suddenly wasn’t so sure of himself.
“A walk sounds nice. Maybe I’ll grab a latte to go. I think winter’s on its way a bit early this year.” She headed to the counter to order.
“Hmmm…” Erebus’ eyes watched Aurora’s derriere swing with the leather of her jacket as he followed her.
“Do you want anything?” she asked.
You. No way could he say that out loud. “No thank you.”
She paid for her order and Erebus held the door open for her. He watched the door swing closed and wondered if this might be a big mistake. Sooner or later Aurora would start asking questions he had no idea how to answer. Running a hand through his hair, he took a few quick strides to catch up to her. Something pulled him to her, it seemed better to be beside her, not out of reach.
“What were you like as a kid?” He wanted to know everything about her and didn’t girls like talking?
She shivered and then laughed. “I’m from San Antonio so I definitely didn’t grow up understanding the full concept of a white winter. I like the sun and the heat, even as a kid. If you told the kid me I’d be going to Cornell for university I probably would have tried talking myself out of it. Don’t get me wrong, I love it here but that bloomin’ cold wind takes some getting used to. Where’d you grow up? You mentioned England, how old where you when you immigrated?”
Questions already? Erebus concentrated on the lines on the sidewalk and not stepping on them. What could he say? “Around London. Is your family still in Texas?”
“My mom and dad are. They’ve been up to visit here once and are talking about coming here for Christmas. My mom’s curious what Christmas with snow looks like. At the start of the school year I’d planned on heading back home but I’m not so sure what my plans are…”
Now it was her turn to stare at the ground. Erebus watched her moment of awkwardness and almost uttered “oh” when he realized she was probably hinting at her parents coming up to meet him. No way could he handle that, the risk was beyond even contemplating. “I’d go back. If I were you, I mean. Get some sun, see friends and family. Have a nice holiday.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.” She twirled a loose hair lock around her finger a few times before tucking it behind her ear. “You already have plans?”
Erebus couldn’t miss the disappointment in her voice. It tugged inside his chest. “Coty and I have a bit of a tradition.”
“Not going to see your parents? Are they still in England?” Parents? Crap, now what should he say? “It’s just me.”
Aurora pressed her lips together, the corners of her mouth slightly turning down. “I’m so sorry.”
“No worries. It’s fine.” He felt like a jerk letting her assume and believe a lie. However it was better than the truth. “Tell me more about what you were like as a kid.” He was curious to know. He’d never been around kids. Most were in bed by the time he came around or the ones still up were miserable and ready to go to bed. He wanted to know everything about her.
She held her cup with both hands and took a sip. “I had a normal childhood.” She reached out and squeezed his arm a moment. “What’s normal nowadays though? I should say I had a great childhood. My parents married after college and have been together ever since. They’re still as much in love as they were when the met. That doesn’t seem so typical anymore.
Everyone’s divorced or remarried or who knows what else. We did family stuff too. Road trip vacations all over the country to see all of nature’s wonders. My dad’s a big civil war history
buff. One year we drove to South Carolina and did the whole drive up through Virginia to Gettysburg. I think we stopped at every civil war monument along the way.” She laughed, staring ahead but obviously seeing memories of the trip in her head. “I was around nine or ten and made this huge scrap book when we got back.”
“It sounds like a fun trip.” He smiled at her happiness.
“My dad wants to do it again this summer. He wants him and my mom to fly out when exams are done and go from here. Do it backwards this time.” She tossed her cup into a passing trash bin. “If we’re still hanging out, you should come.”
Part of him actually wanted to go. Deep inside his chest he felt this longing to see the sights through her eyes. To hold her hand and read some monument or walk through some battlefield now covered in grass and wild flowers. It was an impossible dream. He knew it. Every fiber of his being knew it. But somewhere deep inside a new, foreign emotion was trying to make its way to the surface. He tried to push it back down. “We’ll see.” He couldn’t say anything more.
They walked in silence, the atmosphere between them slightly strained. It didn’t last long. Aurora seemed to have a natural ability to smooth things over and not press or pry. She changed the subject and began chattering about school and how she got a full scholarship to Cornell before she’d even finished eleventh grade. They ended the evening with a sweet kiss in front of Aurora’s door. He didn’t push to come in nor did she offer.

Two Friday evenings later, Erebus waited at the same Starbucks for Aurora. Janus had spent the past forty minutes grilling him on how he was doing. He seemed to understand Erebus, obviously better than he knew himself.
“Don’t break the code,” Janus had warned again. “I don’t want to have to force you to leave.
I’m not going to ask, so please don’t tell me if you’re still with the blonde girl. Break it off before it’s too late. Do it now. Tonight. It’s clear you’re getting too attached. I don’t understand why or how it’s happening, but it needs to stop.”
“It’s fine,” Erebus replied curtly.
“No, it’s not. I see it in your eyes, and I spoke with Coty.” He shook his head at Erebus. “Don’t be stupid. We’re not meant to be with them. They’re gone in the blink of an eye, and we’re left…with nothing.”
Erebus watched him leave, unsure if destiny was giving him a nudge. He stared at his mug as he thought about Janus’ words. Janus knew better than he did; he’d been around a lot longer, and it was his job as a handler.
He rubbed his forehead, unsure of what to do. He pulled his phone out, planning on sending Aurora a text to cancel the evening. They’d hung out almost every night the past two weeks. He sent a text to Coty first.
Dude. What R U doing 2nite? We should meet up.
Coty’s reply came instantly back.
‘Bus! Finally. U ditch the girl? Meet me at Rum Jungle @ 11. We’ll find hot chicks. That’ll drop the memory.
“Who’re you texting?” Aurora’s sweet voice broke his train of thought.
“Coty.” He quickly shut his blackberry and stuffed it in his pocket before glancing up. She looked more divine tonight than yesterday.
“Does he want to meet up?”
“Yeah. With just me.” He was angry with himself. He should finish this now, not later.
Janus was totally right. This was a mistake. For him and for Aurora. He rubbed his chin. What was he really worried about? Getting caught and possibly getting her killed? Or Aurora breaking his heart? He straightened and stood. Heading towards the door he walked, almost stomping. He knew she’d be right behind him.
He stopped and swung around. She bumped into him, hurrying to catch up with his long strides.
“What’s wrong? Did I say something to piss you off?” She sounded confused. “If you want to hang out with Coty you just have to say. You’re the one who asked me to meet you here tonight.”
He swallowed hard. “Look, you’re a really sweet girl, but this isn’t going to work. We’re fooling ourselves. Sorry.” He shook his head as he tried to think of what else to say, hating himself for being an ass. The room suddenly felt too hot. He couldn’t come up with anything else, so he turned, shoved the door open and headed outside.
Aurora ran after him. He was walking by the glass building which looked like black diamonds with the streetlights shining down when she caught up to him. She grabbed his arm and forced him to face her. She snatched the collar of his jacket and pressed up against him, his front torso warmed from her soft breasts pressing against him through the thin fabric of her shirt. Neither had bothered to do up their coats.
“You can’t blurt that out and then walk away. I don’t believe for a moment you mean it.” She was angry but she looked crushed and so young. Innocent. “I don’t want you to go.”
Erebus’ head swam with indecision. She smelled intoxicating, and his body allowed it to be drawn towards her. His mind shouted he needed to walk away – to leave before he got hurt. He wanted to ignore the inner voice. It always acted more Shadow than human. He sighed. “I think it’s better for us both.”
“Why? You say that, but your body’s telling me differently.” She stared intently into his face but pressed her body tighter to his.
Not so innocent. He closed his eyes and exhaled. Cringing, he realized he’d have to inhale her delicious perfume again. It was only going to fog his mind more.
Aurora pressed. “You’re really going to stand here and tell me you truly don’t want to give me – us – a chance?” Her voice came out quiet, but the determination in it shouted clearly. He could feel her heartbeat strong against his chest; it seemed to echo his own. “I’m not worth whatever risk you’re so afraid of? You’re a liar Aaron Bus. And a fool.”
He clenched his jaw, grinding his teeth. Screw the risks; screw Janus and his worries. “I do want this, more than anything I’ve ever wanted. You just don’t get it. You have no idea.”
“What don’t I get? What do—”
He dropped his head down and kissed her hard, cutting her off. His lips crushed against hers, urging her mouth open to accept his tongue against hers. She kissed him back with the same determination. He brought one arm around her slender waist, the other came to the back of her head so he could bury his fingers in her thick, curly hair. His hips pushed against her with a raw need he’d never felt before.
Without realizing it, he picked her up and pinned her against the building wall. He poured his entire soul into his kiss. For once, he allowed his feelings to direct his actions, not his thoughts. He didn’t need to breathe; he just needed her lips entwined against his. He couldn’t seem to get enough of her taste, her warmth, her scent, or her body. He wanted everything and debated about taking her right there on the street. He could have his pants undone in mere seconds and her skirt lifted even faster. She’d be ready for him. He could feel her heat pressing against him. His control started to disappear and lust began taking over reason. It was intoxicating.
He pulled back as suddenly as he’d started. That desire was his inner Shadow controlling him, wanting the physical need satisfied before anything else. This was the life of a Shadow –
the draw for physical gratification, to absorb everything they could. He’d learned to control those urges, but with Aurora, raw desire and lust took over everything.
“Wh-what?” Aurora’s chest heaved as she tried to catch her breath. She ran her teeth over her lower lip, pausing to bite it before opening her mouth. She pressed her hips harder against his, grinding small circles against him. Her hands entwined behind his neck, she tried to push his face back towards hers.
Staring at the ground, Erebus ran his fingers through his hair, trying to slow the beat of his heart. He could barely think and fought to contain what little control he had left. He froze the moment he looked at her. The streetlight shining behind them gave the illusion of daylight. He blinked as he momentarily envisioned what it would be like to stand beside her in the sun. He reached for her hand and kissed each finger gently.
“I don’t think the entire world needs to see me nearly raping and pillaging you.” He smiled, trying to make light of the intensity of his feelings, begging his erection to stop trying to control his brain.
“I’m not sure you can rape the willing.” She gave a sly smile.
He groaned at her words, watching her press her back against the building and arch her back, bringing her cleavage towards him. She didn’t do it on purpose; her body was simply responding to him.
“Do you want to go to my place or yours?” His words sounded rushed. “Yours. You don’t have a roommate to answer to in the morning.”
“You’ll still have to answer to Tori, you know?” He grinned as he pulled her away from the building and started walking towards his studio apartment. The speed of his gait forced her to almost jog. He made a conscious effort to slow down.
“True, but you won’t have to.” She snuggled closer to him. Then she stopped and forced him to look at her, her face completely serious. “You want this, right? I mean, not just the sex, but the whole package?”
This was his last chance to leave. He could lie and live the rest of his life never knowing.
Was the risk worth breaking every rule he’d ever been taught?
Reason returned with startling clarity. “Aurora, you probably won’t understand this, but you’re my ray of sunshine. You’ve made the night less dark. I think I’m addicted to you or whatever power you have over me – physically and here.” He brought his hand to his chest.
She giggled, possibly from nervousness he couldn’t tell, then smiled. “You’re right. I don’t have a clue what you’re saying. If a friend told me their boyfriend said that, I’d think it was totally cheesy. However, coming from you, it sounds deeply romantic…and hot.” She stretched up on her toes to kiss him, her tongue pushing its way into his mouth. She slowly pulled back and rubbed her nose against his.
“You still got that angel outfit?” They started walking. Desire took over his thoughts again; that wonderful, lustful addiction.
“If you’re looking for some foreplay, mister, you’d better be the one wearing the costume tonight. I’m tired of waiting for you to come ‘round!” She teased and slapped his butt.








Chapter 7
Fallen

They fit perfectly beside each other. Aurora’s head nestled into his shoulder as his arm wrapped around her, his finger lightly making circles on her soft body. He didn’t want to move. He wanted to stay where he lay – forever. Except the vibrating from his cell on the nightstand drove Erebus crazy. He sighed with relief when it stopped.
His gaze travelled across Aurora’s slender arm that covered her chest. He shifted slightly and caught his breath when she moved her arm and showed her naked breasts. Unable to resist, he lightly traced his finger along each rib and then cupped her breast. They were firm and inviting. With his finger, he traced the rim of her nipple. He felt himself harden as her nipple responded to his caress, and, even as she slept, her hips pushed towards his. Mouth open, his breathing got heavier as he debated about rolling her onto her back and letting his mouth finish what his fingers had started.
His train of lust paused when the irritating buzz of his phone distracted him again. Still lightly squeezing and playing with her nipple, he glanced up at the phone. It danced halfway across the nightstand. Reluctantly, he moved his hand, catching the cell just before it fell to the floor.
Coty had sent several texts and now resorted to actually phoning. Erebus hit the end button to send the call straight to voice mail. About to toss the phone on the floor, he glanced at the last text message from Coty.
‘Bus, I know where U R. I’m outside your pad. Get out here NOW!
Guilt washed over him. He looked down at Aurora’s luscious naked body. Lust and remorse coursed through his veins. He dropped his head back against the pillow and sighed. Coty wasn’t the problem; he simply wanted to help. Coty had every right to worry, and he’d have to let Janus know.
Ignoring his own needs, he concentrated on what wasn’t warm and moist beside him. He rolled Aurora onto her back, hoping not to wake her. He gently laid her head on the pillow, freeing his arm. He brushed his lips against her forehead, her eyelashes, and lightly on her mouth.
“Hmmmm…” She turned over to press her body against him once again.
He groaned. She felt so good. “Sweetie, I have to go.” His phone started vibrating again, as if to confirm the fact.
She struggled to open her eyes in the dim light of the moon sifting through the window. She yawned and stretched against him.
“Don’t go.” Her breath was hot against his chest. Her hot tongue flicked against his chest. “I have to,” he whispered. But I really don’t want to.
“Wha—” Aurora mumbled. She slowly pushed away and sat up. She looked at him and then wrapped the sheet around her chest.
Erebus smiled slightly at her sudden shyness. She hadn’t been timid minutes ago. He raised an eyebrow as he watched her stand up and begin snatching her clothes off the floor.
“What’re you doing?” He didn’t understand her actions. She seemed…angry.
“Getting dressed. I’m not staying in your apartment if you have to leave.”
“Oh.” He’d just assumed she’d sleep here until morning and then go about doing whatever she did. He bit his tongue and kept silent; the ice in her voice a clear warning.
Stealthily, he stood up to put his clothes on. He watched her jerk her hair into a ponytail and march into the living room to grab her jacket. She waited for him, arms crossed and foot tapping, by the door.
“I’ll walk you back to your place.” He wasn’t sure what else to say and felt awkward at the sudden change in the atmosphere.
“It’s too far. I’ll catch a cab.” She refused to look at him.
He couldn’t read the expression on her face. Without talking, they walked down the stairs and into the darkness outside.
A voice erupted from the shadows. “It’s about bloody time!”
Aurora jumped back against Erebus. Reflexively, he stepped in front of her, one arm protective as he blocked her. He could feel her pulse quicken.
“Coty, you just scared the crap out of Aurora.” Erebus could hear the venom in his voice. Ignoring Coty’s open-mouthed stare, he put his arm around Aurora and pulled her tight against him and stepped toward the streetlights. Ironically, a cab appeared from around the corner. He flagged it down and held the door open for her.
“I’ll call you.” He wanted to kiss her but wasn’t sure if he should. She still lingered on his lips, and he was tempted to taste her one more time. Instead, he stood behind the cab door and waited for her.
“Whatever.” He could hear the disappointment in her voice. He hoped the trembling was from the cold and didn’t mean she was crying – that would destroy any resolve he had inside of him.
“Bye.” He shut the door and silently watched the cab disappear up the road. He wondered if he should send her flowers. A dozen roses or maybe two?
The shove against his back brought him out of his trance. He swung around and lashed out at Coty.
“You idiot! Why’d you have to scare the shit out of her?”
“Me? Dude, I had nothing to do with the look on that girl’s face. It was there before I even opened my mouth.” Coty leaned against the brick building, his arms crossed.
Coty’s casual stance just pissed him off more. “Can’t you spend one night on your own?
Why do you have to be SO annoying? I can’t have one night without you calling or bugging me! Your stupid texts messed everything up.” He detested that he sounded like a spoiled brat but still refused to look Coty in the eye.
“Oh, no, you don’t. You were supposed to meet me at the Rum Jungle. When one o’clock rolled ‘round, I knew you were with her.” Coty’s head jerked in the direction the cab had driven off.
“So what?”
“So what?” Coty mocked. “You know exactly what. Janus told you. I’ve warned you. Your head’s so bloody messed up. What’s it going to take for you to realize we aren’t supposed to be with them? They’re supposed to be just toys for us, nothing more.”
“Whatever.” Erebus started to head back into his building. Coty irritated him more tonight than he ever had. Erebus needed to clean up before finding a pay phone.
“I don’t think you’re listening. You need to get it through your thick skull.”
Erebus stomped back to Coty. “I’m thick skulled? Ain’t that the kettle calling the pot black?”
“Huh?” The look on Coty’s face would’ve made Erebus laugh, had it been any other time. “Speak English, man. You’re the one being the idiot here.” He pointed an accusing finger. “You’re trying to pretend you’re one of them.”
Erebus would have punched Coty if he knew it could actually hurt him. Damn Shadows for not being able to get hurt. Immortality sucked. He took a deep breath, not even trying to hide how pissed off he was. “I’m not trying to be human. I know what I am. I know the rules. I know my limitations. You’re mad at me because I stood you up for a girl.” He turned to walk away from his friend.
Coty spun him around, and Erebus froze, surprised by the look of genuine concern in his friend’s face. “I’ve seen Shadows act stupid, selfish, and even overreact.” He jabbed a finger at Erebus. “But you…You’re a Shadow of doubt. The sad thing is you don’t even know it. You hide behind this mask of depression.”
A wind picked up, scattering Erebus’ thoughts. He didn’t know if he was mad at Coty for his big mouth, or because he might be partly right.
Coty took a step back and shook his head. “I don’t want you to get hurt, and I don’t want you to get in trouble.” Coty sighed. “’Bus, I think you need to move away. If you have to get out of here, I’ll come with you. She’s…just a girl.”
“I’m fine.”
“You’re the only one who seems to think so.”
Erebus stared past Coty, to the entrance of his apartment building. He pressed his lips tight together, his shoulders slumping. “What am I supposed to do?” he whispered.
“Leave or leave her alone.”
“I don’t want to. I tried to end it tonight, and, instead, we ended up in bed.”
“Great! Sex with a Shadow. You’ll never get rid of her now. She’s in love with you, and now you slept with her?” Coty rolled his eyes. “You’ve bloody fallen.”
“Fallen?”
“Yeah, and I’m not talking about tripping over something. I’m talking about falling for the girl.”
Fallen in love? Impossible – for a Shadow at least. Then again, something was happening to him which he couldn’t explain; deep down, he knew the truth. Maybe Coty was smarter than he let on. “I…I don’t know about that.” Even the lie didn’t sound convincing to him.
“Jeepers, man. You’re in further than you even realize. You have to get out of here. I’ll go with you.”
“I’m not leaving. I’ve got a year’s lease on the apartment.”
Coty’s laughter broke through the night. “That’s your excuse?” His hands went up by his head and he shook them. “You think Janus’ll buy that?”
“Don’t tell him,” Erebus begged.
Coty tilted his head, peering up at the night sky. His jaw muscles tightened as he ground his teeth. “Finish this. You had your bit of fun and now finish it. Before the end of the weekend.
You promise me that, and I won’t tell Janus” He patted Erebus on the back. “Maybe you’re like me and you just need to get her out of your system. If you get my drift.”
Erebus ignored Coty’s last comment. He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. “Give me a bit of time, and I will. I’ll break up with her. I’ve never felt like this – ever.” No Shadow or human had probably ever opened his soul this way.
“Fine. Just…be careful. Don’t get caught, and don’t tell her anything.” Coty’s gaze darted to the street, and he lowered his voice. “You know what’ll happen if she discovers what you are.”
A flutter of something ran through him. He wondered ironically if it might be hope, or fear. “I’ll try. I promise.”
“Try?” Coty must have seen more in Erebus’ face than he let on. “I guess that’ll have to be good enough for now. Take advantage of the sex. She’s got one hot body, in my opinion.”
Erebus immediately visualized what had just gone on upstairs earlier. He grinned, he couldn’t help it. It disappeared when he remembered how upset Aurora seemed when she left. Maybe it was already over. He wasn’t sure if that was a good or a bad thing.
Coty cracked a smile. “Now show me your place. It isn’t a hole, is it? I want a key to bring chicks by.”







Chapter 8
Nights of Pleasure… and Peace

Erebus paced back and forth in his living room. He checked his watch, releasing a short huff when he realized the minute hand had only moved about ten notches. Tonight, he’d been nervous ever since coming out of his Shadow. Last evening, after Coty left, he’d searched the Internet for the right type of flowers to send Aurora. He had no clue. Guys sent flowers to girls after they screwed up, right? Even when they weren’t exactly sure what they’d done wrong.
What kind of flowers would a female like, especially a female with Aurora’s desirability? Was he supposed to send lots to show how sorry he was, or should he send flowers based on their meaning? It took most of his remaining waking hours to choose and then make sure they could be delivered during the day. He didn’t think he had put this much thought into anything else he’d ever done.
The good thing about searching on the Internet, he’d found some other interesting sites. Purely by mistake, he’d come across this auction site in New York City. They were having an online auction for antique souvenirs in the NYC area. A K6 red antique phone booth, originally from Britain, was up for auction.
He’d been shocked to see his old home – he’d always considered the booth his when he lived in England and then in New York. It was, in a sense, part of him. His life began when that K6 phone was created. He’d become that Shadow and had lived fifteen years of his life in England, with that phone booth as his main dwelling He thought back to the night he’d
awakened on a ship, completely confused and shocked more than usual. It had taken him an hour to find someone working on the transatlantic ship to find out why the booths were in the cargo hold.
The phone booth had been sold to New York, along with ten others that were going to be placed throughout New York City. He’d just immigrated to the other side of the world without knowing it.
He chuckled when he thought about the stash of sterling pounds he’d buried in Liverpool. He wondered if it was still there. One day, he’d have to go back and check. The hard part, of course, would be figuring out how to get there.
Staring at the K6 photos, he touched the computer screen. He planned on winning it, no matter the cost. He would talk to Janus on Friday and ask him how he could get it.
Taking a momentary look around his loft apartment, he knew it would be perfect. It would go in the middle of his living room, by the support pillar. He hadn’t put any furniture in that spot, as if it was waiting for the right memento to go there.
He hit his forehead with the palm of his hand, amazed he’d never thought of it before. He may never have to leave the apartment to search for a pay phone ever again. The worry of the pay phone becoming extinct wouldn’t be an issue anymore.
A buzzing came from on top of the stereo. He swiped his phone off, flipping it open in one fluid motion. No text. Aurora was actually calling him.
He cleared his throat. “Hu- hello.” “Hi…” It was followed by silence.
He couldn’t tell anything from the single word she’d spoken. Her voice gave nothing away. “Ummm…did you get the flowers?” He closed his eyes, glad she couldn’t see him, only hear how stupid he sounded.
“I did. Thank you. That’s an enormous, beautiful bouquet.”
“I wasn’t sure what to buy. The sunflowers reminded me of you when I looked up flowers last night. Some site said purple hyacinths mean I’m sorry or please forgive me. Maybe it was terrible sorrow, or something like that.”
“You actually picked flowers out based on their meaning?” She sounded surprised.
Crap! Not the cool thing to do. Erebus covered his face with his hand, looking up at the ceiling. “Uh, sort of. I felt like an idiot after…you know. We had, I mean, I had a great time, and then I ruined it. I can’t take it back, but I wanted to try and make up for it.”
“I had a great time, too. I thought that was kind of obvious.” She giggled. They’d barely said anything, and he could already feel the heat.
Awesome. He’d apologized for the right thing. “You up for hanging out this evening?” He grinned in the mirror above the fireplace. He did a Rumba dance across the room, loving how his feet slid across the hardwood floor.
“No plans with Coty?”
Erebus could hear the teasing in her voice. “Nope. I’ve got all night…Just gotta be out before dawn.” He stopped dancing when he realized what he’d said. It was easy to forget himself around her. “How ‘bout you get your lovely tiny hinnie over here?”
“Out before dawn?” Little Miss Lawyer didn’t miss a thing.
“Uh, yeah. Early, early start tomorrow.” What would he say if she asked what he did or something like that?” He held his breath.
There was a pause on the phone. “Alright. I can’t stay all night, anyways. I’ve got an early class and a debate I need to prep for. I’ll pop over for an hour. Sound fair?”
Safe. She didn’t care, or whatever, it didn’t matter. “Stop talking and get over here. You’re wasting precious time.” Grinning, he shut his phone and tossed it perfectly back onto the stereo speaker.
The hour turned into three, or was it four? After, he walked Aurora to her car, enjoying the coolness of the light rain that had begun to fall. When her car had disappeared from sight, he stood outside his apartment, feeling more alive than in all his years.
It became a pattern, a month of many nights. Coty didn’t nag, Janus never asked and no Night Council came calling. Between Aurora’s visits, he made time to hang with his friend and even cracked the odd smile for his handler. Janus assumed Erebus had found what had been missing and teased him about how many women he was now bedding. Erebus never said much, but he also never corrected Janus. He began to feel a strange confidence that everything might work out okay.
It wasn’t all easy. Erebus avoided Aurora’s questions about what he did during the day and why he never answered his phone. Whenever the questions became too personal or risky, he’d turn the music on and dance with her. He taught her to dance the rumba, the foxtrot, and ballroom dancing. Dancing on the floor or in the bed sheets seemed like the taste of sweetness he’d been missing his entire life. He hated the mornings, but with winter closing in, the days grew shorter, and he’d be able to spend more time with her.
He entertained her one Friday night, his spirits high after seeing Janus. Janus had informed him they’d gotten the antique phone booth from the online auction. It would be delivered sometime in the next week.
“You’re in a good mood,” Aurora said. They sat relaxing on his bed.
“Do you ever feel like, things are finally coming together and life can’t get any better?” In the back of his mind, he made a mental note to call a phone company to get his new phone in working order. It would be useless to him without it actually in running order.
“Sometimes, but not right now. I just got a D on one of my papers. Hanging out with you is detrimental to my grades. I’ve never gotten below a B.” She flopped back against the pillows and exhaled. “I’m going to need to buckle down and start studying again. Exams are two weeks away.” She groaned and sat up, blowing dishevelled strands of hair from her face. “I have a test Monday I’ve barely reviewed my notes for. I’m never gonna make it as a lawyer.”
“You will.” He leaned forward, gently pushing the stray hair behind her ears.
She smiled. “I think you’d better give Coty a call and get him to take you out till I’ve passed everything. He was teasing me the other night that I don’t let you out to play.” She winked. “We do hang out a lot.”
“Hmmm…” He nuzzled her neck then rested his chin lightly on her shoulder. “How about I give him a shout in a little bit? You can study here, and I’ll have enough fun for the two of us.” He’d barely seen Coty the past few weeks. It’d be good to catch up. Realistically he needed to see Coty and figure out what was happening to him. Coty would know what to do. He had said Aurora would be out of his system but that didn’t seem to be happening anytime soon.
“Wonderful!” He heard the sarcasm in her voice. “It’s Friday night. You’re going out, and I’m staying in.” She poked him in the ribcage. “But you’re right, I need to. Except, I’m going to study at my place. All my stuff is there and I won’t get anything done here.” She began collecting her clothes. “Maybe Tori and I will meet you guys later at the Rum Jungle?”
He laughed. She was addicted to him as much as he was to her.

“How are things going with the little human?” Coty sat on Erebus’ couch with a glass of red wine.
“Aurora.” Erebus flipped through the radio stations trying to find something besides the news. “It’s fine.”
“Janus still doesn’t know, does he?” “Nope.”
Coty set his wineglass down and leaned forward. “’Bus, I’m happy you’re enjoying yourself but who are we kidding? You need to end this. You were supposed to get her out of your system and move on.” Coty shook his head. “How can you still be attached?”
Erebus fiddled with his beer bottle. He thought Coty would have the answer to that question. “I don’t know. Aurora’s my choice of drug – she’s addicting. She’s beautiful, wonderful, sexy, smart…flawless.”
“They’re all flawed, trust me. If she’s your choice of drug, you should know better – drugs are bad for you.” Erebus hit the power button on the remote and turned the stereo off. He looked at Coty and leaned against the pillar in the middle of the room. Taking a deep breath, he asked his friend the same question he’d been asking himself the past few months. “Why’s it wrong?”
“Drugs? They’ll kill you. They’re bad for your body and you end up needing them more than you need oxygen or anything else. You’ll push everyone you care for away to get your fix.”
He rolled his eyes to the ceiling. “I’m not talking about drugs. I’m asking why is it so bad I’m with Aurora? I know the Shadow Laws are in place for our safety, but how can being with a human, except for sex, be dangerous?”
“Same as drugs, ‘Bus.” Coty sighed a long, sad-sounding sigh. “You won’t know till you’ve gone too far, and you can’t pull yourself back. Those laws are set for our survival, and probably for the safety of human survival, as well.”
“I’d never hurt her.” Erebus crossed his arms over his chest.
“I know you wouldn’t mean to. What if another one of us did? Or if she was killed in some freak accident or left you? ‘Bus, my friend, you’re different than the rest of us. Those eyes of yours show every emotion and you’re…you’re sensitive. You don’t have the lust-drive like most Shadows.” Coty shrugged his shoulders.
“I have that drive.” He hated Coty being right. He was different – his lust didn’t drive him to be who he was, it only came out when he was with Aurora.
He closed his eyes, momentarily hating their colour and that people could read him through them. Nanny had once told him eyes were the windows to the soul. Then she’d laughed her sharp, wicked cackle. He blinked in surprise; he hadn’t thought about her in ages.
“You need to end this.” Coty’s voice broke through his conscience. “I don’t want to.”
“Come on, man! If Janus finds out, he’s not going to be Mister Nice Guy. He’ll be Mister Ruthless Businessman. He doesn’t like things going wrong on his turf. Think about it. You’re not the only one in danger here; he’ll punish me for not telling.”
“I would never bring you into this.”
“I know, but I’m already involved.” Coty’s fingers tapped against the back of the couch. “This is my own making. I’m the one who’ll deal with the consequences.” He shifted his
weight and sat down on the arm of the leather chair.
“Doesn’t she ask you questions? Or do you lie?” Coty raised an eyebrow.
“I don’t lie…sort of. I just don’t answer. She doesn’t really ask about me or my past. She’s fine with how things are.”
“That’ll change. It changes. She’s going to want to know more about you, your past, and what you’re doing now. Let’s face it, she’s already wondering stuff. Why don’t you see her during the day? Why don’t you have family? Why don’t you want to meet her family?” Coty scratched his head. “Where’s she from, by the way?”
“Texas. San Antonio. She’s going home for Christmas. She’s busy, you know. She’s going to be a lawyer, so she doesn’t have time to see me during the day. We’re both comfortable with the situation.”
“What happens when she graduates? Or wants to get married? Have children?”
Erebus stood up and began to pace. The large room suddenly felt small, stifling. He walked over to one of the windows and tugged it open. The blast of cold didn’t help sooth his sudden temper flare. It was going to snow soon. Three weeks away, and Ithaca was definitely going to have a white Christmas.
“I don’t know, alright.” Erebus ran his fingers through his hair. “I’m taking this as it comes. For the first time, I actually feel content. I’m happy being me. I don’t hate my life or what I am.”
Coty stood up, walked over to Erebus, and gave him a friendly punch on the shoulder. “I know, man, I know. But if you stay with her, she’s going to ask. You’re not going to age, and you can’t tell her why. You may believe you’re in love, but think long and hard about it. They’ll put you away for years, even centuries, and they’ll kill her. You tell her, and they’ll kill her to keep her quiet. You won’t even get to say goodbye.”
Erebus’ heart stopped. He forgot how to breathe. The dizzy, foggy feeling he had every
night before coming out was nothing compared to what he felt at this moment. He’d never let her be hurt because of him. He buried his face in his hands, then looked at his friend without saying a word.
“Shit, Erebus.” Coty looked into his eyes. “This is going to kill you. I can read everything in your face. You need to ask Janus if there’s some rehab place for us to get off humans.” He shook his head. “I’m willing to bet Janus knows you’re still with her. How can he not? I can tell – it’s written all over your face.”
“Christmas,” Erebus whispered, his voice cracking. “What?”
“She leaves for three weeks at Christmas. That’ll be my detox. When she gets back, I’ll end it.”
“I think you should do it before.” Coty turned to close the window. “We can just move while
she’s gone. I’ll go wherever you go. You’re my family.”
Coty might be superficial, but he was Erebus’ best friend for a reason. Loyal beyond anything imaginable.
“I don’t want to move.” Erebus grinned suddenly. “I just bought my K-Six phone on an online auction. It’s being delivered next week.”
“Dude! That’s totally awesome!” Coty switched from concerned dad to college crazy boy in milliseconds. “That’s why all this new crap is here?” He pointed to the pillar and the wires hanging down from the ceiling.
“Yup, got my own little shadow box now.” The change of subject was what they both needed. “Want me to find you an old English bus stop?”
Coty laughed. He walked around the couch to grab his leather jacket. “No thanks. I prefer that challenge each and every morning. College towns will always need buses, so I’m safe from extinction.” He slipped his jacket on. “Come on. Let’s go look at some hot chicks and grab a few beers. I’ll play, you can window shop.”
“Sounds good. I’m thirsty.” Erebus grabbed his jacket. “Rum Jungle?”






Chapter 9
It Changes

Erebus spent the weekend hanging out with Coty, who was beside himself with excitement. He dragged Erebus to every nightclub and party in the city. By Sunday almost morning Erebus couldn’t wait to just chill for a few hours before sunrise.
Aurora and Erebus texted back and forth constantly and Monday night he called her to ask how her exam went.
“Better than I thought it would. I’m just glad it’s done.” “I’m sure you did great.”
She laughed. “Thanks for the vote of confidence. I’ll find out Friday and we can either celebrate with dessert or drown my sorrows in the ice cream.”
“Sounds good.” He didn’t exactly know what to say. Most of him wanted to rush over to her place and a tiny part told him to remember what Coty had said. He really should be trying to see less of her and slowly let things fizzle out. Hopefully fizzle out was a better term to use.
However that didn’t really seem like an option.
“Aaron? Are you still there?” Aurora spoke loudly through the line.
He blinked. Lost in thought, he had missed Aurora’s question. “Sorry, what did you say?” “Are you alright?” The concern in her voice made him cringe with guilt.
“I’m fine.” He cleared his throat. “I’ve got some stuff going on this week. I won’t be able to see you till Friday. Is that okay?”
“Stuff? Like work related or Coty related?” She giggled. “Forget I just asked that. I sound like a lawyer and worse, like a jealous mistrusting girlfriend. I’m definitely not the latter. ”
He smiled, relieved he didn’t have to explain anything. “I have to see Janus first thing Friday night so why don’t I pop by your place as soon as we’re done with… our meeting?” He hoped that sounded somewhat normal or official or whatever it needed to sound like.
“Awesome. I have a paper to finish that’s due Friday so I might actually get some work done. I’ll see you Friday then.”
“Okay.” Should he hang up? He waited silent with the phone by his ear, unsure what to do. “Okay. I should probably let you go then,” Aurora said after the long pause, then she added
almost in a whisper, “I miss you.”
Something thundered against his ears as her three little words buried inside of him and took hold. He was never going to want to let her go. Holding his breath, he let his thumb click the end button on the cell phone, hating himself for pretending he hadn’t heard her.

Thursday evening, Erebus bought Aurora a present. Positive she had done well on her midterm, Erebus felt the urge to treat her – at least that was the excuse he used for picking out the diamond sunflower gold necklace. He’d never bought a gift for anyone before but, after spending two hours at the mall, three days in a row, he felt pretty confident she’d like it. He’d watched men dash through shops, making simple purchases. They all seemed to shop at record- breaking speed. Most decent-dressed blokes hit the jewelry store.
He stopped at a donation gift wrapping center, handing the elderly lady working the booth two fifty dollar bills. His eyes went wide when he feared she might have a heart attack. She surprised him by acting like a teenager, squealing in delight and running around the table to hug him.
“Bless you, dear.” She hugged him again. “I’ll wrap this up real pretty for your sweetheart.
In case things don’t work out between the two of you, I’ll give you my phone number.” She giggled and patted his shoulder.
He couldn’t help but smile. She was very sweet. Janus came Friday night to Erebus’ apartment instead of the coffee shop they regularly met at.
“I can only stay for a minute,” Janus said when Erebus opened the door. “I’m curious aboutthe old phone booth. Is it working now?”
Erebus stepped back to let his handler in. Janus slipped his leather jacket off and handed it to Erebus who casually tossed it on the stereo speaker, conveniently covering Aurora’s gift.
Straightening, he walked over to the old telephone booth; he ran his hand caringly over the red enamel. “It won’t be hooked up till after Thanksgiving. Apparently it needs to be rewired and they need a specialist to do it.”
Janus nodded. “That’s no surprise.” He opened and closed the old door, checking its hinges and joints. “Looks to be well taken care of. It’s quite nice. The elements haven’t been too hard on the exterior.”
“I think so too. It was sheltered between two buildings on Fifth Avenue in New York City. It hadn’t been moved since the day it arrived.”
“Really? How did you find this out?”
Erebus grinned. “Would you believe me if I told you I came over with it? It’s my original.” “You’re kidding?” Janus stepped back and admired the booth again. “You’re a lucky man.”
You have no idea how lucky. A picture of Aurora popped into his head. “It’s true. This is the very K-Six, it survived and is now here, in my apartment. You’re right. It’s pretty amazing.”
“At least I won’t have to worry about you disappearing because the phone booth becomes extinct. You’re a good Shadow. I’m glad to have you on my team.” Janus dropped his briefcase on the couch, popped it open, and pulled out two stacks of bills. “This one is your regular. The other is for a little job I’d like you to do.”
Erebus stiffened. He’d done jobs in England and in New York but never agreed with any of them. Most Shadows never batted an eye, but he would feel guilty for weeks after completing the task. Since moving to Ithaca, Janus had never asked him to do anything.
“Don’t look so worried.” Janus pulled an envelope out of his briefcase. “I just want you to drop this off at the address shown on the front. That’s it. Make sure it’s given to someone in person, not in a letter box.”
Erebus glanced at the address as he took the envelope. His hand already felt like it was burning. The address showed a doctor’s office on the other side of town. He looked up at Janus, his eyebrows raised. “You want me to drop this off at night? The office will be closed.”
“They have a walk-in clinic two times a week, Tuesday and Friday evenings. You can do it tonight or Tuesday. Just get it done before I see you next week.” Janus shut the case and headed towards the door.
“What’s inside?”
“That’s not your concern.” Janus didn’t break his stride. “I understand you better than you realize. I keep your anxieties at bay. However, we cannot exist without the help of certain humans. Some choices are not ours to make.” Janus grabbed his jacket, not even noticing the gift box under it. He headed for the door and opened it. “Have a nice weekend, and I’ll see you next Friday.”
Heart pounding, Erebus stood silent staring at the door for several minutes before finally grabbing his jacket. Sighing, he stuffed the letter into his inside pocket and slipped Aurora’s present in another. He might as well drop the letter off on his way to see her. It would weigh heavy if he kept it till Tuesday.
He entered the walk-in clinic where the receptionist asked him for his details. “I’m not here to see a doctor. I was asked to deliver a letter to Dr. Apate.”
As he talked with the secretary, a doctor who was dark haired, clean-shaven, and fortyish stepped out of a cubicle near them. He fiddled with the chart in his hands. “I’m Dr. Apate. What seems to be the problem?”
“This is for you.” Erebus handed the doctor the letter, trying not to feel guilty. The doctor didn’t seem surprised and said nothing more. He just stuffed it into his pocket and turned to go back to work. The dejected look on his face made Erebus determined to never do anyone’s dirty work again. Even a simple job of dropping off a letter, he wanted no part of it.
Dr. Apate paused before going into his office. “Excuse me – I’m sorry, I don’t know your name.”
Should he give it to him? Erebus sometimes wondered if the council was trying to test Shadows to see if they were being careful. “It’s Aaron. Aaron Bus.” A slight white lie.
The doctor’s hand rested on his office doorknob as he fidgeted. “Aaron, do you have a moment to chat?”
Not really. He didn’t want to talk to this doctor he didn’t know, about a letter he had no idea what it referred to. “Sure.” Erebus followed the doctor into his office.
The doctor walked around the large, antique wooden desk and sat down. He stood a moment later and, with hands clasped behind his back, began to pace.
Erebus stood, set his legs slightly apart and crossed his arms. He watched the older man walk back and forth a number of times. “Sir.” He cleared his throat. “I don’t know what is in the letter. I’m just the messenger.”
“Yes, yes. I understand.” The doctor nodded several times before finally stopping his pacing. “I know what you.”
Erebus blinked. Was this some kind of test by the Council? He glanced for a hidden camera or wondered if the man wore a microphone. “I’m not sure I know what you mean,” he said slowly.
The doctor waved a hand. “Piddles. It isn’t important. I’ve spent my entire doctor life helping you.”
Erebus pressed his lips tight. He wanted to ask in what way but forced himself to say nothing. It seemed to clearly be a test. Why would Janus do this to him? Unless he knew about Aurora. Yes, this definitely had to be a test.
“No comment or questions?” One of the doctor’s hairy eyebrows went up. “Fine. It appears you know where I am if you do need me.” He handed Erebus a business card.
Erebus took the card and stuffed it in his back pocket. The doctor sat down and began sorting through files stacked on the table. He did not look up or say anything else. Erebus shook his head and walked out the office, down the short hallway and past the waiting room. Definitely the strangest conversation I have ever had.
Grabbing a cab, he gave the driver Aurora’s address. Erebus reached inside his coat and held her gift in his hand. He tried to swallow to clear the dryness in his throat. What if she thought it corny and laughed? Or worse, what if she saw the box and thought it was an engagement ring?
He’d promised Coty he’d break up with her after the holidays. This gift might make it happen sooner.
He had no chance to change his mind. The taxi stopped in front of her apartment building, and she stood outside waiting for him. Dressed in a leather jacket, a woolly hat on her head with matching mittens, she looked stunning.
“I thought you might do a runner.” She smiled but bit her lip. Her weight shifted from foot to foot.
“A runner?”
“Yeah, you know, take off so you don’t have to pay for a night out. You know, ditch the date.” She laughed, pushing the hair away from her face with her mitten.
“I’m supposed to buy you something? Like dinner?” He tried to look shocked.
She rolled her eyes. “Aaron Buss, sometimes you’re the strangest man I’ve ever met.” He held his hands up in mock surrender. “Maybe. But what if I did buy something?
Something just for you? And for the record, it’s not dinner stuffed in my coat pocket.”
Her eyes went big and she grinned. A smile which also seemed to hint that she had a secret as well. “You didn’t! So do…” She smirked again but didn’t finish her sentence. She giggled and then changed the direction of the conversation. “You know, it’s nearly Thanksgiving, but I’m willing to bet Santa’s planning on giving you lumps of coal at Christmas – for the rest of your life. I think he punishes those who tease.”
“Ha-ha. You are so funny,” he teased as he held the door open for her to step inside her building. Rest of his life? “That’d be a heck of a lot of coal,” he mumbled to himself.
“Pardon?”
“Nothing.” He leaned forward and planted a quick kiss on her soft lips.
They walked into her apartment and there, in the middle of the room, rested a large, brown paper-wrapped present. A tiny red bow sat in the corner, with Aaron written neatly beside it.
Brows raised, his eyes trailed the size. She’d gone and bought him a present? His hand dug inside his pocket and he squeezed the tiny package inside. Crap, size did matter.
“Well, aren’t you going to open it?” Aurora nudged him towards the forty-two inch gift. “You seriously bought me a present? Why?” He swallowed.
She shrugged. “I wanted to.” She stared into his eyes. “Does it bother you? I thought you said you got me something. I honestly didn’t know you had.” The corners of her mouth lifted. “I thought it was kind of ironic we both got each other something.”
He didn’t know what to think… or say. “Why don’t you open your present at the same time?” He pulled the gift from his pocket, shrugging out of his coat in one fluid motion.
“Ahhhh, I was hoping it might be a bean burrito.” She winked at him and flashed a big smile. Whipping her hat and mittens off, she flipped the box over and began picking at the tape. “Go on, open yours. This is so exciting! I can’t believe we both bought each other a present without even knowing. LOL. It’s like Christmas a month and a half early!”
Erebus walked hesitantly over to the large paper bag wrapped just for him, part of him nervous and another part trying to enjoy the moment. This was new; these feelings that went along with giving and receiving a gift. He kind of liked it and wanted it to stay. Aurora’s chatter about Christmas had him longing to be part of something over the holidays. A month away wasn’t really that far away. Could he convince himself to stay with her till then? Good try, Erebus. You’ll use any excuse to stay near her.
The rectangular present sat in front of him staring blankly at him. Impatience finally had him reach over and pull at the brown paper, ripping it. He tore the wrap off and stepped back in surprise.
“Do you like it?”
It was the stunning blown-up photo of Ithaca Falls. The one that had been hanging above Aurora’s bed. The one he’d noticed the first time he’d walked into her room.
“It’s amazing.”
“Thanks. I actually took the photo and had it enlarged. I had it hanging in my room, but I thought it suited you. It would look great in your apartment. You have hardly anything on the walls.” She paused and gave a nervous smile. “It reminds me of you.”
He stared at her and then back at the picture. “I love it. I know exactly where I’m going to hang it.”
“On the red brick wall in your bedroom?”
“Yeah, right above my bed.” He blinked, surprised she knew him that well.
“I thought it would look great there, too. Did you think it was a flat screen TV when you saw the package?”
“Uh…Sure.” He hadn’t known what to think. “You haven’t opened your present yet.” “Sorry. I was too excited to see the look on your face. I’m glad you like it.”
She bent her head down and opened the box. “This is beautiful. Wow. Thank you.” Her eyes lit up, and her smile spread ear to ear.
“You remind me of sunflowers.” He took the necklace to place it on her. She lifted her hair out of the way.
Kissing her neck, he tenderly slipped the chain on. He leaned forward to inhale her musky perfume scent and closed his eyes. He felt her turn and bring her lips to his. Mouths crushing with raw desire, he only wanted to think about this moment, not tomorrow or the next day or the next month. He wanted this feeling embedded into his memory forever.
“Aaron,” she whispered, adding a whimper when he brought his hands under her shirt and against her ribs, his fingers reaching around towards her back.
“Is Tori coming back here tonight?” His lips grazed her ear. He hadn’t even considered she might be in the apartment now.
“Hmmm…not sure, actually.” She pressed her body tight against his.
He slipped one arm around her shoulders and the other across her backside and scooped her up. She brought her arms around his neck and rested her head against his chest. He carried her to her bedroom, kicking the door shut with his foot, not even breaking stride. They collapsed on the bed together, a tangle of sheets, clothes, and pillows mixing everywhere.
After they lay with their naked bodies stretched facing each other, he traced the sunflower with his finger, following the chain and then along her collarbone. He let his finger follow down her arm, fascinated as goosebumps rose where he traced. He entwined his fingers with hers.
“What’re you doing for Christmas? Are you going to see your family?” Aurora’s thumb ran circles on his palm.
“I’ll be here.” He watched her hand.
“All by yourself? What about your family?” She leaned up on an elbow, her eyes searching his face.
He loved the way her hair fell down when she leaned forward. It enveloped her face, giving her that angelic look he’d fallen in love with. His breath caught. Was he really in love with her? If so, he knew things weren’t fine. They were both in danger if it was true. He exhaled, long and slow.
“Listen, if you don’t want to talk about your family, that’s fine. Just tell me so I don’t keep asking. I’m not trying to piss you off.” Aurora pulled her hand out of his.
He realized she’d mistaken his sigh. “I don’t have any family. Coty is the closest thing I have.” At least that wasn’t a lie. He was going to need some time to figure out what his true feelings were. He knew they were screwed. He loved her without a shadow of a doubt.
“Sorry, I didn’t know.”
“It’s okay. You don’t need to apologize.”
“What happened to them? You’ve never mentioned them. Did you have any brothers or sisters?”
“No.”
“No?” She sat up, blowing her bangs off her face and pulling the sheet around her. “What happened to your parents?”
She wasn’t going to let this go. Coty had said it would change. She’d start wanting to know the answers to questions he didn’t know how to respond to. She’d know if he was lying, but he wasn’t ready to risk telling her the truth. He wouldn’t jeopardize her life on a slim chance she might believe him.
“Please, I don’t want to talk about this now.” Getting up from the bed, he untangled the sheets to find his clothes. He threw his shirt on and yanked on his jeans. Through his peripheral vision, he could see her leaning against the headboard, arms crossed and watching him, her face serious.
“I don’t want to fight about this. It’s Thanksgiving; I promised my folks I’d head home for the weekend. I’m flying out early tomorrow…” She let her unfinished sentence dangle in the air.
Had she mentioned she was flying to Texas? He couldn’t remember. “I’m not mad.” He leaned over to kiss her lightly. “You need to get a few hours sleep. How long –”
“Why don’t you come with me?”
What? His breath caught and he almost choked on it. “I can’t.” “Why not?”
He bit the inside of his cheek. “It won’t work. I can’t get away.”
“I’m going for just over a week but you could just come for the weekend so you wouldn’t miss any work. It’s a holiday so you wouldn’t have to miss any work.”
She wasn’t going to give up, and he actually liked her badgering. “Sorry, I just can’t. I’ll call you tomorrow night on your cell or you can text me when you’ve arrived. I’ll miss you but it’ll be great to see your family… I love you.” He froze. His heart stopped, and dead silence filled the room. Maybe he hadn’t said the last part out loud. Maybe he had just thought it. He hadn’t meant to say it. He barely understood the words, let alone ever said them or actually felt them.
“What did you say?”
Shit! He was such an idiot. Pulling on his shoes, he sat on the bed to tie them. He said nothing.
She let out a slow breath. “Don’t forget to take your picture. I really want you to have it.”
He stood, too embarrassed to look at her so he turned and headed toward the hall. “I won’t forget. It’s an awesome gift.” He was about to say I love the picture, but after what he’d just screwed up, the L-word was never going to enter his vocabulary again – ever.
“G’night, Aaron,” she said.
He couldn’t see her but he heard the smile in her voice. “Good night.” He slipped his jacket on and was already down the hall.

She went home for almost ten days. He spent the entire time alone and in complete misery. One, he missed her. Two, he knew he cared for her deeply and had to end it. Erebus didn’t think he could sink any lower.
Coty tried to get him to come out with him. He called, sent texts, and came banging on the door. One night, late after the bars had closed, he showed up with some girls. Erebus pretended he wasn’t there. Coty couldn’t tempt him. It just made him long to have Aurora back in his arms and in his bed.
She called him the night she got back. He’d almost knocked the couch over in his race to get the phone.
Aurora’s voice lightened his mood. She sounded so excited. “It’s great to hear your voice. I thought about you the entire time I was in Texas. I didn’t think I’d miss you that much, but I did.”
“Yeah, it was strange here without you too.” His cheeks burned when he thought about what he’d said to her before she left. Damn it! How he wished he could forget it or even better, erase it from both their memories.
“I’m picking you up in ten minutes. Meet me out front. Let’s go for a drive.” “Sounds good.”
Moments later, he stepped out into the brisk, cold night. Erebus inhaled. It was going to snow soon. Coty always said he had the ability to smell ice and snow. Probably a load of bull, but with Coty, you could never be too sure. The temperature had dropped close to freezing and the grey clouds in the sky seemed a sure sign for a fluffy downfall.
Erebus dropped his gaze at the sound of an engine. Aurora’s little black car came into sight, and she expertly pulled up to the curb, stopping inches beside him. He climbed in, grinning at her like the Cheshire Cat.
“Hi.”
“Hello.” He leaned over and kissed her lightly on the lips. He settled back awkwardly when he thought back to their last conversation before she left.
They drove in silence for a bit. Out of the corner of his eye, Erebus watched her drive. As always, she was stunning. However, there was something new in her face. The serious expression, her mouth set in a grim line and eyes darting his way were a sure sign of a confrontation about to come.
He shifted and stared straight ahead; a strange fluttering in his stomach made it too hard to watch her. Watching the shifting scenery as they drove, he realized where she was going before they were halfway there. Five minutes later she drove her little car around the park and settled in a spot with a good view of Falls Creek.
They both sat silent, with the engine idling. The sound of rushing water gave him a moment of courage. He turned to face her and watched her hands play with the belt on her coat, wrapping it around the steering wheel and wringing it in her hands. She stared at the dashboard, her eyebrows knitted together and lips pursed.
“What is it?” If she wanted to break up, she might as well get it over with. His chest grew tight, almost hurting, but he knew it would be best – for both of them.
She let out a long, slow breath, pushing it out through her nose. “I’ve been thinking about you over the holidays. Well,” she shrugged, “the little I do know about you.” She turned to him and seemed to push her shoulders back as she continued. “If we want this to work between us, I need to know about your family and your past. I can’t move forward without knowing who you are.” Her facial expression remained soft but serious.
A strange ringing started in his ears. What had she just said? The tightness in his chest left, but apparently moved up to his throat. He tapped his fingers silently against his knee. She wanted more? This wasn’t going to end tonight? He cleared his throat and tried to organize his thoughts. He wanted to be with her more than anything he’d ever wanted, but there were certain lines he didn’t think he could cross. “My life…I’m pretty complicated.”
“No more than the rest of us.” He said nothing.
She squeezed the steering wheel and pushed her arms straight. The driver seat creaked in protest as her back pressed tight against it. “I’m not leaving this park until I get some answers. You won’t be seen with me during the day, you don’t answer my calls or texts during the day, and you’re never at your apartment. Trust me. I’ve tried to find you. You’re like a ghost.” She stared directly at him and shook her head. “None of it makes sense. You don’t make sense.”
He rubbed his hands and blew into them. The pain in his chest returned, gripped tight on his left side. This was how it was going to end, tonight.
Fearful, he watched Aurora cut the engine, stuff her keys into her pocket, and step out of the car into the cold night.




THE END … of Part 1


Continue Reading
SHADOW OF DOUBT
in Part 2
ALREADY AVAILABLE


BOOK IV

Radium Halos
BY W.J. MAY
BOOK I
OF THE SENSELESS CHRONICLES




Chapter 1
Zoe

I hated the mine. Like a crypt across the horizon the place always made me shudder. They had closed it down years ago and boarded up the entrance. The horror-film image still haunted me.
Tonight vehicles littered the overgrown grass field surrounding the shaft. From behind the orange and yellow flames of a bonfire, blue spirits danced about, as if the mine had allowed them to escape. Foreboding lingered in the pit of my stomach. The sound of music, chatter and laughter barely muted the feeling.
I shifted away from the fire and dropped my head against the back of lawn chair. Ominous clouds created large voids in the dotted, glittery sky. To rain or not to rain, that is the question.
Heidi waved a hand back and forth in front of my face. “Earth to Zoey. Earth to Zoey. Come back to Elliot Lake. The school bonfire is missing you.”
Even with my eyes cast toward the sky, I could hear the smile in her voice. I grinned and turned to face my best bud, one last shutter sneaking up my spine. “The mine gives me the creeps.”
Heidi leaned over on her lawn chair and nudged me with her elbow. “I heard that back in the sixties or seventies, half the miners ended up with some toxic disease from the uranium. Most likely cancer”
Rylee, my other best friend, tossed her dark hair over her shoulder and rolled her eyes. “Only you two would come up with the number one way to kill a mood. The big ‘C’.”
“It’s not like we’re going inside.” I stuck my tongue out and tried to keep the corners of my mouth from turning up. Pretending to copy Rylee’s hair toss, I swung my head dramatically and let my recently straightened and blonde strands flip around. Not near as sexy or smooth as Rylee’s. I glanced at Heidi, unable to mimic the action “I still can’t believe you cut your hair so short.”
“I donated it. Totally worth it.”
“Yeah. I’m cool with that, but it’s been long since third grade.”
Rylee stepped over and touched the back of Heidi’s hair. “The shaved part at the back is incredible.”
I lacked the nerve to do something so daring. “It’s awesome.”
“It’s what I wanted every since I saw it in a mag,” Heidi said.
Our little pixie. The new cut took away some of her innocent look -- making her appear older. I liked it. It represented the change of our final year of high school. We were growing up.
“…but dying it platinum.” Rylee whistled. “I bet your mom had a coronary when you got home.”
Heidi grinned a tiny bit. “She was pretty ticked.” Her tiny fingers flicked the spiked front.
“Soooo…” Rylee straightened in her chair, causing her chest to stick out. Uh oh, prowl pose. Rylee’s on a hot man hunt. Rylee pressed a perfectly manicured hand against her flat belly. “Brent said there’s a new guy in town.”
I got up and moved to Brent, who’d been sitting on a tree stump quietly playing his guitar. The humungous mine silhouetted behind him. It looked like a monster’s mouth trying to swallow him and everything around it up. Stop being such a scaredy-cat. I rolled my eyes heaven-ward to clear my over active imagination and focused on Brent.
He sat with his head down while he strummed along to the music blaring from the speakers. In the fire light, his brown hair appeared sandy-blonde. As if sensing my gaze, he glanced up. A smile touched his lips, and his eyes seemed to twinkle from the reflection of the dancing flames.
“Where’s Seth?” I realized Mr. Clean, our fifth partner in crime hadn’t shown up yet.
“He’s bringing fresh meat.” Brent continued playing while the stereo music blared behind us. He managed to make his composition sound perfectly in tune, and yet totally different than the rock song playing.
“Ohhh… I love hot dogs and burgers!” Heidi sat down by Brent. “Topped off with marshmallows for s’mores, of course.”
“No, silly, not food. Nice hair crop, by the way.” Brent ruffled the back of her head. “There’s a new kid in town. He’s from England or Ireland, somewhere across the pond.”
Rylee, always gorgeous and perky, swept her black hair up in a pony and then dropped it perfectly into place. “Tall, hot, and handsome, I hope.”
“Like me, huh?” Brent laughed.
“How come no one knew he was coming?” Rylee played with her car keys, a little green dot flashing as she tapped a button on them. “This town’s so small. Everyone should’ve been talking about it over the summer holidays.” She started pacing around the fire, scouting the small crowd.
“Guess it was like a last minute decision. I’m sure you’ll find out all the details when you devour him.” Brent laughed and played two loud boom chukka bings punctuated by a clap on his guitar.
Heidi covered a smile with her hand. I faked a cough. We both knew what Rylee’s response would be.
She made her signature baby-pout face. “I don’t eat men. I simply get bored.”
“Put the lip away. It’s not gonna work.” I grinned. Only Rylee could be Rylee. “We always get stuck picking up the pieces after you’ve broken the poor guy’s heart.” I bent forward, pretending to pick up a million invisible pieces of shattered heart off the ground. Rylee had dated every boy in our class, plus a grade or two above, since starting high school. She wasn’t a tramp. Every decent guy in town just wanted to see if he might be Mr. Right. “How ‘bout tonight you give the new guy a chance to breathe? Not make him your next conquest right away?”
“Conquest?” Rylee raised her eyebrows.
“You know,” Heidi said, sarcasm dripping. “What you do all summer long with the vacationers?”
“I get it. You don’t like competing.” Rylee shrugged. “I figured you guys thought it was fun.”
“Not when we lose all the time.” I sighed. “Kinda hard to compete against your midnight black hair and perfect voluptuous body. Makes the boys of summer migrate towards you.” Heidi and I didn’t stand a chance, even when Rylee didn’t try to get them. I’m not jealous. How could you fight nature? Okay, maybe a teeny bit jealous.
A loud boom suddenly rocked the air. I jumped and whirled around to see where the noise came from. Startled at first, everyone around the fire laughed when they realized the noise came from above.
“That didn’t sound good.” Brent set his guitar in its case lying on the ground.
“Maybe it’ll just pass over. There’s no forecast for rain,” Rylee said.
Heidi pointed towards the other side of the bonfire. “Well, if it does start pouring, we’re on the wrong side. Everyone’s going to make a mad dash for their cars, and we picked the furthest spot. We’re like a kilometre away.”
“Great.” I grimaced. Getting wet meant my straightened hair would turn curly and, worse, the dreaded frizzies.
Brent picked up his guitar case. “No way am I letting this baby get ruined. I bought it in an antique shop in Germany. Had to carry it around with me for the last two weeks in Europe.”
“We’ll be fine. It’s not gonna rain. The skies—” Rylee paused and glanced up. “Whoa, those are freakin’ huge, black clouds!”
As if to mock her, the sky lit up with a zigzag flash of lightning, immediately followed by a sonic boom that shook the ground. Large raindrops splattered down, making the fire hiss in protest. Everyone started to grab chairs and food and belongings. Over the shrieks of the girls, someone hollered to head over to the bowling alley and continue the party there.
Brent grabbed Heidi and Rylee’s arms. “Come on. We can hang out in the mine until the storm blows over. It’s closer than our cars.” He let go of the girls, shrugged his guitar case over his shoulder and took off running towards the mine.
I flinched. The idea of going into the spooky, old, abandoned mine didn’t sound like the best plan. I stood by the sizzling fire, getting drenched.
I could feel my hair curling against my neck. “Might as well join him. You all handed your cell phones into the pot for the game student council planned later on. I’m probably the only one who didn’t.” I held my hand above my eyes to shield some of the rain.
Rylee giggled. “This should be interesting.” She grabbed Heidi’s sleeve and they took off running. I followed slightly behind.
The rain came in torrents and the long grass became slippery. Despite the wetness, I upped my pace--which only made me stumble.
Lightning ripped through the sky again, illuminating the mine opening. The entrance seemed to transform into a gruesome face made of earth, ready to swallow us up. Even the trees surrounding the mine looked like hands trying to grasp and pull the doorway under. I hesitated, even though I knew it was just the shadows and light playing with my mind.
I walked the last twenty yards along the old, half-buried rail tracks and came to a halt behind Rylee and Heidi. Brent must have pried off a large slab of wood, which had boarded up the entrance to the abandoned mine. He’s desperate. He’s always careful with his hands. The missing board created a crawl space just large enough for us to get inside.
Rylee disappeared though the hole, and I caught Heidi hesitating. I looked towards where my car should be parked. Completely hidden by the rain. Noah’s ark could float by and we’d never see it.
“Go on. I’m right behind you,” I said.
She clipped though and vanished into its darkness. Dropping down, I crept through the sinister hole.
Another crackle of thunder rattled the wooden boards and echoed down into the mine. It was darker than dark inside, except for the light cast by the small opening. Through the broken gap, the last remains of the bonfire disappeared in a cloud of smoke.
“Holy crap! Where the heck did that come from?” Brent’s voice sounded further down the tunnel, and lower, as if he was on his knees.
“This place reeks like rotten eggs,” I complained. “Can’t see a thing.”
A small beam of light appeared on a nearby wall and found its way to Brent’s face. “Hey, cut that out.” He blinked and held an arm up. “Who’s doing that?”
“Me.” Rylee giggled. “My key chain’s got one of those tiny flashlights you use to find your ignition in the dark.” She flashed the light onto her scrunched-up face and made a spooky ghost sound, “Oooooooo.”
“You’re not scary.” Brent laughed. “You sound like a little kid. Maybe someone a little more mature should be holding it.”
Rylee shifted the yellow light to Heidi’s face. “It’s not much, but at least we can shine it on any bats that try to bite us. Or maybe there’re spiders and other creepy crawly things.” She moved the light around the dirt walls, zigzagging and making circles.
“Bats? Spiders?” Heidi squealed. “I’m not moving from this spot and keep those vermin away from me.” You couldn’t miss the shudder in her voice. Rylee flashed the light in Heidi’s direction again. We stood on a slope, with Brent at the lowest end.
“We’ll be fine.” Brent wrapped his arm around Heidi. “This thing’s going to blow over in a bit. Wind and rain that fast and heavy can’t last long.”
We followed Rylee’s little light as she made patterns on the dirt covered wall.
I kept quiet and shifted my weight from foot to foot. My sneakers were soaked from the wet grass, making loud sucking sounds as I moved around. My friends grumbled as they moved. Dirt walls, dirt floor and musty stinkin’ dirt roof. I scowled as cold wet filled my shoe and ran over top of it. “Great. If you guys haven’t noticed, this downpour’s created a small mud current running over my shoes. I don’t exactly fancy swimming in a river of mud down through this godforsaken mine.” Definitely not a good idea.
As if the weather mocked our predicament, another bolt of lightning lit the opening and a howl of wind blew more rain inside. The contrast after the shock of brilliant light made the mine opening even blacker. Thunder threatened to shake the dirt ceiling. An iridescent beam flashed across my eyes and then bounced off the frightened faces of my friends and slowly traced down a crack on the side wall. Four pairs of eyes followed Rylee’s little flashlight.
A blast of cold air followed by a stream of water coursed into the opening. It pushed against my calves. “Shit!” escaped from my lips before I could stop it. Freakin’ freezing! As my footing started to slip, I grabbed for whoever was close enough to help keep me from landing on my butt. My fingers found cotton and some kind of strong material. I clenched tightly, then realized I’d managed to grab the top of their jeans and my fingers now pressed against warm, taut abdominal muscles.
Strong hands gripped my arms and helped me upright. “You okay?” Brent’s hot breath brushed against my ear.
“Yup… Th-Thanks.” I swallowed. “You’re lucky I didn’t pull your pants down.”
Brent chuckled. “We’re going to have to move further in.” His hand stayed on my forearm. “Zoe’s about to go water skiing and she’ll take anyone down who’s in front of her.”
“I’m not stepping any further into this pit of darkness!” Heidi screeched. “There is NO way we’re getting lost inside this tomb. What if some rabid animal bites us?”
Lightning erupted again, followed by a loud, thick and deep shattering crack that sounded nothing like thunder. A massive crash shook the ground which made me jump. From the splashing sounds around me, I wasn’t the only one. I pivoted around towards the entrance of the mine. Rylee sloshed her way past me and flashed her little light on the dark opening.
You’ve got to be jokin’!
Instead of a small gap, where we’d crawled through, a humungous fallen tree trunk covered it. Rylee shone the light around the gap again. She paused at the bottom.  Water gushed into the mine, creating more of a mud slide around our feet and legs. It ran down the slope leading further into the darkness.
Brent muttered, “Ah, shit.”
Heidi whimpered, but didn’t cry out.
“We’re trapped,” I said, my heart slamming against my ribcage. “W-What the heck are we gonna do?”
A strange howl erupted further inside the mine and echoed off the walls. Rylee dropped her flashlight. Dark turned to pitch black.



Chapter 2

“What the hell was that?” Brent asked.
“Dammit!” Rylee swore, followed by splashing water.
“What’re you doing?” I hated being in the pitch black. I knew coming in here would be a mistake.
“Trying to find my stupid keys. That flashlight better still work.” More splashing and sloshing sounds echoed through the cave. “Got ‘em!” Metal jingling together sounded like a little musical bell.
Thank goodness the key light came back on – dim but still beauty to my eyes. We moved closer together.
“Awwwweeeeeeehhheee!” The strange noise from before sounded again--closer this time. Ringing inside my head intensified as my heart thundered against my ribcage.
“I-Is it s-some kinda animal?” Heidi pressed closer, pulling us all into a tighter circle.
Rylee released a nervous laugh. “Probably some old miner’s ghost stuck in the mine. It’s ticked we’re in here.”
“Gimme a break.” I snapped, not meaning to. “Sorry. I don’t want to be here.”
“Awwwee—ow!”
What the?
Brent straightened and stepped back toward a dirt wall. “No,” his head shook as he spoke, “I’m gonna freakin’ kill him.” He took a step into the sloping mine. “Seth! Get your ass up here NOW!”
There was a moment of silence followed by booming laughter. Rylee turned the light further into the mine.
Seth appeared around the darkened corner two minutes later looking like Mr. Clean in his white short-sleeve tee shirt, faded blue jeans and short cropped hair. At least the top half’s Mr. Clean. His jeans and sneakers were covered in mud.
I skipped over him to the tall, lean, dark-haired guy walking beside him. The complete opposite in dark jeans and black shirt ‘The Beatles’ emblazed with a Union jack design on his chest. Even with Rylee’s small light his eyes matched his hair, their reflection dark against the dim light. His hands were stuffed into his back pockets and as he chuckled at something Seth muttered. I heard my own breath catch.
I couldn’t stop staring. Cute, very cute. My heart sped up a few erratic beats as I wondered how his voice sounded. Then I remembered they’d just scared the crap out of us. “Seth, you’re such a dill-weed. Poor Heidi’s nearly pee-ed her pants.”
“Sorry,” Seth said, his baritone echoing off the nearby walls. “We broke in here when the storm started. I hope I didn’t scare you. We were just messing.”
“It wasn’t funny. At all,” Heidi said.
“Sorry. We were just around the corner when we heard you guys crawl in.” Seth craned his neck, trying to look behind us. “No one else?”
Brent stepped forward. “They all ran for their cars. Did you break the board at the entrance?”
“Yup.” Seth grinned, flexing a massive arm muscle. “By the way, this is Kieran. He moved in down the street from me a couple of days ago.”
“G’d ev’nin’.” Kieran’s low voice carried a thick accent. English? Australian?
Rylee sloshed over and hugged Seth and then Kieran. “I’m Rylee.”
“Nice to meet you.” Kieran politely stepped back.
Heidi waved a little hand, then reached for hair to play with out of habit. Not finding any with the new hairdo, she scratched her neck instead “I’m Heidi. Are you from England?”
“Och.” He smiled and shook his head. “Not hardly. I’m from Inverness, a wee town in Scotland.”
Brent nodded and held his hand out. Seth slapped the front, then back. The shake was their Boy Club greeting they’d made up in third grade and, sadly, still used it. “’Eh, Kieran. I’m Brent, the music man.” He patted the guitar case on his back that I’d completely forgotten about. He hummed a few chords of “Auld Lang Syne.”
Kieran grinned.
I stepped forward and inhaled trying to think of something witty to say. The deep breath killed all thought processing and instead gave me the opportunity to breathe in Kieran scent. Probably some aftershave mixed with the Highland waters of Scotland. Trying to appear cool I crossed my right ankle over my left and nearly fell into the running water. Thank goodness for the dimness. “Hu-hello,” I said, groaning inwardly at the rust in my husky voice. “I’m Zoe. Fancy meeting you in such a…a… memorable place.”
“Speaking of which,” Brent said. “Do you know a way outta here? Zoe seems to think we’re trapped.”
“We’re not trapped.” Seth pushed passed us to the opening of the mine. Rylee shone her little light at the jammed entrance and we all moved closer to Seth. He spread his feet and squatted down to push against the tree trunk. Brent and Kieran joined him, their arms flexed with exertion against the pale flashlight.
“The tree’s not… going to… budge.” Seth grunted as he pushed harder. He lost his footing and crashed to his knees in the rushing water. “Crap.” He grabbed Brent’s outstretched hand and vaulted up, soaked to the waist. “There’s a run off rain spout by the mine opening, the tree must’ve took it down as it fell. That’s why there’s all this water running in here.”
My teeth were nearly rattling out my head. I blinked in surprise, not realizing how cold I’d become. Or maybe it’s just the mine. Or the fact that we were stuck here! I hated this place, but wasn’t about to admit it out loud. Wringing my hands, I pressed my lips together to stop their trembling. Images of being forced into the deep, dark pits of the mine, and never being found, galloped through my head.
Seth reached toward Rylee. “Give me the light. We had one but it died after two minutes. We’ve already been a ways and didn’t find anything in the dark. I’ll go further to see if there’s a dryer place we can wait the storm out.”
“I’m not moving from this spot.” Heidi clutched my arm and pulled me tight against her. My shoe, half sucked into the bed, made me almost fall face-first into the cold water. Great, mud-caked hair.
“Seth’s right,” Kieran said. “We can’t stay here. We’ll be sliding down the mine on our arses.” He splashed past to stand by Seth. “I’ll come with you.”
“Don’t go,” pleaded Heidi.
“I’ll stay.” Brent gave my shoulder a reassuring squeeze as he stepped between me and Heidi.
Rylee slipped by and stood on the other side of Heidi. “They have to look. If we’re gonna be here all night, we can’t stay here waiting to be rescued. Nobody even knows we came this way. They were all running for the cars.”
“We should’ve done the same thing.” My gut was right before.
In the semi-darkness, I watched Heidi collapse in tears against Rylee. Then two boys, and our only little light, disappeared into the darkness. Tears welled but, breathing deep, I fought them back down. We didn’t need any more waterworks at the moment. It was dark, cold and silent. My heart hammered and fear gnawed inside me.
Oh how I wanted to follow the guys. Instead, I patted Heidi’s arm and moved a few steps away to try and find higher ground. Moving forward, I grimaced when water sloshed up to my knees. My arms reached out in the darkness to find the wall. Each step a hesitant move forward, I concentrated on not slipping.
The cool, dry dirt of the wall felt like heaven against my fingers. Sliding my foot forward, I felt higher ground against my sneaker. Another tentative step forward, using the wall for balance, I found a small ledge. Wide enough to stand on. A tiny surge of hope pulsed through my veins.
“Over here,” I called. “There’s a raised part we can stand on till the guys get back.”
“Here, take my arm, Heidi” Brent said.
Heidi was full-on crying now. Hiccups and everything. Poor thing.
They clambered onto the small rock shelf. We waited for what seemed like an eternity, none of us talking. Heidi managed to calm herself down on the higher ground. The howling wind and shattering thunder seemed to be having a conversation of its own.
I shifted my weight from foot to foot. What time is it? The little hands on my watch glowed faintly. Half past eleven -- already?
“Think they’re alright?” Rylee asked.
I opened my mouth to reply, when a whoop erupted from deeper inside the mine. All four of us jumped.
“Son of a bitch!” Brent swore as he slid and landed in the muddy water. “They better have found something.”
Moments later, laughter and male voices drifted through the darkness of the mine towards us. The small, round light appeared. My tense posture slumped. A new knot between my shoulder blades burned. I tried to stretch my back out without slipping.
“We found a closed off room. It’s nothing spectacular but heaven compared to this. It’s dry so we can hang out there for the night. There’s like a glass dome thing on top, and when the lightning flashes, it brightens up the room.” Seth swung the flashlight around, finally finding us lined against the wall. “What the? You guys in a police line up?” He laughed. “Or are you prisoners, trying to dig your way out?”
“Shut up.” I smiled for the first time since the rain started.
“How far down?” Heidi asked in a faint voice.
“Not far. Less than a ‘ive minute walk.” Kieran took her hand, helping her down and kept her close. “Let’s go. You’ll feel loads better when you see it.”
Lucky girl. For a moment I wished I’d picked the end near the tunnels instead of the one furthest away. Dummy! I scolded myself. Now wasn’t the time to be jealous of Heidi getting help from Kieran. We had more pressing issues. Like surviving the night!
We waded through the muck in a single-file chain. Whenever I slipped, I grabbed hold of Brent, who walked in front of me, for balance. How we managed to walk the route in the darkness, without anyone falling, was beyond me.
It took only minutes, but felt like an hour as we inched our way finally reaching two steel doors.
Seth grabbed the large, heavy-looking handle and pulled hard. The old door groaned when it finally gave way, as if it didn’t want to let us in. I was right about going for the cars. Could this be another mistake? I shivered at the crazy thought, but followed the others inside.
Just as I stepped through the doorway, a flash of lightning erupted, illuminating the room, exposing its brilliant white, round shape. Huge concrete pads with towering steel poles reached high into the air. Maybe the poles were once measuring markers or something. Hopefully not for uranium or radium. That stuff’s wicked radioactive. I’d have asked Heidi, our little photographic memory gal, but I had no intention of trying to scare her anymore.
The fifty-foot poles stretched from floor to ceiling. The translucent dome arched like a sun roof above us.
Another zigzagged ember flashed, this one lasting longer. A crackle and boom followed, making me jump inside the circular space. Heidi cried out and buried her head between her knees. Kieran paced along the outside of the room, his fingers running along the perimeter. “The walls have some kind of dust covering them.”
The room suddenly went black as tar. A moment later a loud clap sounded above us. Crack! The poles shook against the angry thunder. I closed my eyes, wishing I was anywhere in the world but here. In one of the cars!
Bang!
“What was that?” Heidi screamed.
I covered my ears. If possible, I’d have jumped out of my skin.
“Sorry,” said Seth. “The door’s heavy. It slipped from my hand.”
A piercing howl whistled over our heads. This room was hell on earth.
“’Tis nothing, everyone.” Kieran clapped his hands to get the dust off. “Just wind catching through the dome.”
We stood back to back in the middle of the room. Brent grabbed my and Heidi’s hands, pulling us down to sit beside him. The others dropped as well. At least the floor’s dry.
I shoved my hands deep into the pockets of my black vest. My left hand squeezed around a familiar, rectangular object. “Guys! I forgot to hand my phone in when we got to the field.” I pulled it out and flipped it open. Its light illuminated the wall in front of me into a blue hue.
“You had it the whole time?” Rylee shook her head.
“It doesn’t matter. I can’t get any reception here.” I held it above my head aiming in several different directions. “I’ll try texting my dad and a couple of people from class. Maybe a message’ll go through as it roams.” With shaking fingers, I sent the SOS message out to everyone on my BBM list.
“It looks like we’re gonna be here for a while,” Seth said. “Anyone got anything to say, or any deep dark secrets they want to tell?”
Rylee coughed. “Yeah, I’m a serial rapist ’n been living undercover in Elliot Lake, pretending to be a female high school student. I’m actually a six-foot male who climbs into this body everyday and acts as if –”
“Shut up!” Heidi and I shouted at the same time.
A gust howled outside. The metal pillars creaked and groaned in protest. They were probably holding the sun roof cover in place. I shifted closer to Brent, who put his arm around my shoulders in a brotherly fashion. It helped, a little. The wind’s howl switched to a high-pitched shriek, and lightning flickered, building to constant streaks above the dome.
“With how long the bloody lightening lasts, it’s like someone’s playing with the light switch.” On my right, Kieran hunched forward, hugging his knees, his wet shoes and socks beside him on the concrete.
A massive loud boom of thunder rumbled above us, shaking the room. An eerie creaking noise made me glance up momentarily. Then I ducked my head as fast as I could as dust and particles fell from the ceiling, pinging on the ground around us. Could the dome collapse on us? I grabbed my phone, but there was still no signal. My heart pounded. I don’t want to die here. Not in this place. Would anybody even find our bodies?
“Everyone all right?” Seth crawled forward and picked something off the ground. “Anyone get hit by a bolt?” Everyone mumbled an okay, and unconsciously we edged our backs closer together. He chuckled. “I think Mother Nature’s chasing us down tonight.”
No one replied.
Hail joined the humungous raindrops which pelted the sun roof. Another blast of air whistled by. The sky was lit up like fireworks in Disneyland.
“Amaz—” Brent started.
An awful cracking sound split the air, cutting him off. Terrified I couldn’t stop myself from looking up. The flippin’ sun roof shifted had ripped away from the pillars!
Metal, plastic and fragments of who knows what showered down. Something hard hit my shoulder. It was probably a tiny screw but felt like a boulder. I threw my hands over my head and prayed this was just a bad dream. A nightmare more like.
“Holy shit!”
I had no idea who said it and didn’t care. I just didn’t want to die.
Only rain and hail seemed to be falling and swirling into the tower room now. Cautiously I glanced back up at the doom.
It wobbled and then hung as if pausing. Dramatically pausing. Then it teetered as it fell to rest against a single pillar. We’re so dead.
I barely blinked when another monstrously strong blast of wind took the entire dome-roof off. It disappeared into the dark night sky.
“Bollocks! Did you just see that?” Kieran jumped to his feet and ran to a pillar, wrapping his arms around it. We watched in shocked silence, letting the hail and rain bombard us.
Lightning illuminated the room again and the rain poured down in sheets.
Seth went to the door. “I can’t get the door open.”
“Grab a column.” Kieran’s accented voice carried above the storm. “They’re not going anywhere.” He pointed to the other poles, one for each of us. “It’ll keep you dry. The edge of the ceiling is hangin’ far enough over to block the rain. Yer gettin’ soaked.”
“This sucks,” I muttered, jumping up and dashing to the pillar beside Kieran’s. I stepped onto the concrete slab, hugged the pole, and shifted towards the wall. The Scotsman’s right. The small overhang of the remains of the ceiling sheltered me from the pounding rain. I had to hold tight to stop from falling off the thinner side of the slab, but it beat getting soaking wet.
Heidi, Brent, Seth and Rylee scrambled to the other four pillars. The storm continued to beat down, like it never planned on stopping.
I watched in horror as a bolt discharged through the clouds and shot directly down through the gap. The zigzag light charged down and danced in the place we’d been sitting moments before.
Electric veins reached out to lick the walls and skip around. I closed my eyes, unable to move, too terrified to even think. What a choice – we couldn’t let go of the pillars or keep holding on. I could feel the energy and heat in the room, positive we were all going to fry. Mom, Dad, I love you. I hope you know...
The hair on my neck and arms stood on end. Actually, every hair follicle felt raised on my skin. A weird smell filled the air. I couldn’t place it or co-relate it to anything. I thought I could taste the chalky dust. I swallowed to cleanse my tongue and then snorted to try to clear my nose.
The static noise lasted forever. I kept my eyes squeezed tight, too scared to look or breathe. I waited for death, or something close to it.
“Holy shit! Did you see what just happened?”
I tentatively opened one eye, wondering why death sounded so feminine.
The sparks had disappeared, but I swore I could still hear the noise the lightning strike had made so close to us. And the static. It muted when the thunder pounded, and I shook as the noise resonated inside my chest and head.
Death spoke again, sounding a helluva lot like Rylee shouting. Startled, I looked around to find her.
She stood, still hugging her pillar, but her head was thrown back and she was, of all things, laughing. “No one’s going to believe this! I can’t believe it.” Her voice carried over the storm, making it easy to decipher her words. She began laughing hysterically. “You guys look like Smurfs. You’re all blue.”




Chapter 3

We glowed. In the weak light our skin had a tinge of blue. I wiped the back of my hand on my thighs, wondering if the blue would come off. My jeans had the same glowing color so I wasn’t surprised it didn’t help. “We’d better not be covered in flippin’ uranium. We’ll be dust, or dead, by morning.” I started slapping my legs to get the powder off.
“It’s not uranium. The mine’s been closed for over twenty years,” Rylee said.
“Radioactive particles stay this way for decades,” Heidi said.
“Ahhh…Everyone’s turning back to normal, no more blue.” Rylee clearly disappointed, and almost slipping off her pillar. “We’re fading.”
I couldn’t believe she actually was bummed.
“It’s incredible none of us got hit,” Seth said. “My ears are still ringing from the crackling noise.” He sniffed and rubbed his nose. “It stinks in here.”
“Do you think the lightening might come in here again?” Heidi shouted, furthest away from me. “Maybe we should try to head back to the tunnel.”
“Wait. Listen,” Kieran said.
I cocked an ear, willing the sizzling sound echoing in my head to disappear. Everyone stood so still, I could hear everything. What’s Kieran trying to show us?
“The storm’s moving on.” He pointed towards the sky. “The lightning and thunder are ‘bout six seconds apart now. The storm’s moving west. I betchya the rain’s gonna start letting up as well.” His accent made his words sound like a story.
Nobody moved or spoke. It felt like ages, but my watch showed about two minutes later the rain did lessen. Drops became smaller, turning into a light drizzle and then stopping completely. The wind gave a couple of half hearted howls but then quieted as well. The dark clouds covering the night sky followed the storm, and before long, stars and half the moon peaked its way through the shattered dome.
“It’s kinda beautiful.” I can’t believe we’re alive. I stepped off the concrete slab and with hesitant steps, made my way to the middle of the room. Staring up at the sky, I could hear muffled thuds as the others followed my lead and jumped off their slabs.
“Freaky. The sky looks as though nothing ever happened.” Brent snapped his fingers. “Hey, is your phone working now, Zoe?”
I pulled it out of my pocket and flipped it open. The roaming dotted line disappeared and “message sent” flashed on my screen over and over again as the SOS I’d written earlier finally went out. "Yeah, the storm must’ve screwed everything up. I hope it doesn’t come back.” I dropped my shoulders and let out a breath I didn’t know I’d been holding. “Can we please get out of here now?” I just want to go home.
Seth splashed his way across the muddy floor towards the doors. He grunted as he pushed, throwing his shoulder into it. “Door’s stuck.” He pulled the handle really hard and the thing ripped right off the door. He tossed it on the ground and tried pushing against the door and then moved to the other door, but to no avail. Brent and Kieran hurried over, trying to help. Panic filled my chest.
Punch the steel, Brent groaned. “Looks like we’ll be waiting here ‘til someone answers one of Zoe’s texts.” He crossed his arms and shrugged.
“You’re jokin’!” I shook my head. “We’re trapped, again?”
“Just slightly detained,” Seth glared at the door and then threw his hands in the air. “It’s no big deal. The storm’s over now.”
“We’re probably in its eye.” Let’s go, guys. Come on!
“You girls wanna do some wrestling? We’ll watch.” Brent clapped his hands and rubbed them together. He gave a good-natured leer. “Now that the skies are clear, it looks like your standing in a mud ring with white on the outside. Just need the ropes.”
I stifled a groan. Music-man needed to shut his vocal chords. However, he was right about the white-thing. Still standing in the middle of the round room, I swung around and stared. Freaky. Really freaky. “It does seem kinda bright in here.” Even without the lightening or key flashlight. What’s going on?
“Like someone’s switched the lights on,” Seth said.
“But at a low wattage. ’Pears like the walls are ablaze,” added Kieran.
“Ablaze?” Seth laughed. “That a British term or something?”
Kieran smiled, but his lips stayed tight together. I felt his frustration and wished Seth stood within reach so I could swat the back of his head.
Aside from the large puddle of mud in the middle, everything seemed white in color, like a coloring page that hadn’t been filled in yet. The walls were stark and pale. Staring at them, I followed the pattern the cracked lines between the bricks made. They seemed unusually bright, almost like they, too, glowed in the dark. I checked the cement slabs we’d been standing on. Even with mud splattered on them, they were white instead of grey. Of fallen particles that had showered down on us, the nuts, bolts and other metal bits were white.
Heidi shivered. “This room’s weird. Actually the whole place’s creepy. Zoe’s always moaning about how she hates this place. Now I totally get it.” She hugged herself. “Sorry to be the perpetual wimp, but I’d prefer to get out of here than spend the night. Zoe, can you try your cell again?” Like her hands, her voice trembled slightly.
“Sure.” I don’t plan on sleeping here either. Flipping my cell phone open, I saw there had been two replies to my SOS, and both thought I’d been joking. “I’m not sure it’ll work, but I’ll try again.” I dialled dad’s number.
“Hu-llo?” His voice came across the line low and tired.
“Dad? It’s me. We’re stranded in the mine. Help!” Shoot! He’s so gonna freak. I lowered my voice to a normal level and checked my watch. Just after two am. “Sorry. Were you sleeping?”
“What’s wrong?” He sounded instantly awake. “Where are you? Did you say the mine?”
His bed creaked in the background and I knew he’d sat up, probably already shoving his feet into the Crocs he kept by the bed. Having a doctor for a father, worries tended to get blown out of proportion. One of the reasons he and Mom split.
“I’m not hurt. Relax.” I exhaled a slow breath and fought to control my voice. “But we’re in a bit of a bind. The gang all went to the high school kick-off tonight and a storm blew in. We went for cover in the old uranium mine and we’re… kinda stuck.” He may be the calmest doctor on the continent, but when it came to his only daughter, he turned into the biggest worrywart. I was at mom’s this weekend so he would assume I’d be home sleeping in my bed. He was probably having a coronary right now.
“I’m on my way. Have you called nine-one-one?” My pause had him talking again. “Have you tried anyone else?”
I knew what was coming.
“Come on, Zoezey.”
I sighed. “No, I haven’t called Mom. I’m sleeping at Rylee’s tonight.” I could hear him getting dressed and imagined him holding the phone with his chin against his shoulder, throwing on jeans and a sweatshirt. He was probably leaning over to grab his doctor’s bag, dark hair falling in his face. “My cell just started working.”
“I’ll call Jim.” Seth’s dad, Jim, was a fireman with a huge, muscular body. He could probably remove the fallen tree with his bare hands and then tear down the mine doors with his pinkie finger.
“You’d better call Brent’s dad and the rest of the gangs. I’m not sure my phone will keep working. I don’t even know if the storm’s going to start up again. It’s all…all…” I swallowed trying not to cry. My throat tightened and burned.
“I’m coming, sweetie,” he said, car keys jingling in the background. “I’ll call nine one one and everyone I need to. Keep your cell close.”
“Please hurry.” I shut the phone and waved it at my friends, not sure I could speak. “Help’s on the way.”
“Hopefully Seth’s dad’s driving the ladder truck over here to rescue us right now,” Heidi said.
“I’m sure he’s on his way.” Seth came and put his arm around Heidi.
“We’re all okay and going to get outta here very soon.” Brent came and stood by me.
The scepticism of the past few hours eased. Exhaustion seeped into my core. I dropped onto one of the concrete slabs. The others followed my lead. There we sat, and waited. And waited. Bored we needed someone to talk about something…anything to keep our minds off the fact we were still trapped. Small talk. “Kieran, where’s your new place?”
He ran a hand through his thick, brown hair. “Me granddad owned the wooden cabin thingy near the round about -- sorry, I mean the four way stop. He left it to me dad in ’is will.”
Rylee, sitting near him, rested a hand on his shoulder. “Sorry to hear you lost your grandfather.”
“It was like three years ago. Guess me dad ’n him were not thar close. Plus, he was a miserable ol’ bugger.” Kieran laughed, and all three females turned toward the husky sound. He didn’t seem to notice. “Me dad decided to up ’n come here for the year. I wasn’t too keen, but he tends to not give a toss to what I think.” He shrugged and shot a glance in my direction.
I couldn’t read his face. His accent was sexy, even when he sounded ticked off at his dad. With his Sean Connery voice, I had to listen closely to what he said. It might be fun having a new guy in the group. Senior year just got a lot more interesting.
“What’d your mom think about having to come to Canada?” Rylee asked.
“Me mum passed away a few years back. It’s just me dad now.”
Rylee’s hands flew to her face and her eyes grew big. She patted his arm. “Sorry. I sometimes open my mouth when I shouldn’t.”
Seth smirked. “Sometimes? I think you like puttin’ your foot in your mouth.”
“Shut up!” Rylee laughed and gave Seth, who sat on her other side, a shove. “At least my mother doesn’t bake cookies in the shape of NHL teams for me.”
“Hey! I like Seth’s mom’s cookies,” Heidi suddenly piped up. “I’m hoping she sent some with you tonight and you left them in the truck.” Poor Heidi, skinny as a toothpick and always hungry.
“Speaking of food, I’m starving!” Seth grabbed his stomach.
I groaned, trying to swallow against dryness in my mouth. “I’m kinda thirsty.”
“Me too.” Heidi said. “Hungry, thirsty, and soaking.”
“Hopefully someone arrives soon,” Brent said. “I’m wiped.” Everyone must’ve felt the same as we all grew quiet and waited.
Dad sent a text to let us know the firefighters were working on removing the large fallen tree at the entrance to the mine. We could hear muffled noise from the dome. He sent another text fort minutes later asking where we were.
It took almost an hour for the search and rescue team to find us.
When voices on the other side of the locked door greeted us, we hollered. The room had grown darker as the moon shifted.
The saw cutters and drills had me covering my ears from the screeching noise. The loud banging from some heavy metal thing slamming against the door seemed to last forever. It broke my heart when I heard one of the firefights say they’d have to try the other door.
“Anyone ’ver watch Fireman Sam?” Kieran asked loudly, trying to be heard about the noise. “Tom Thomas could fly his little helicopter and lift us out of here with a rope. Seems yer firefighters could use ol’Sam.”
“Huh?” Seth chuckled. “That was my favourite show when I was a kid. My dad had an uncle from England send DVD’s over.” He laughed harder. Kieran joined in.
“You guys are messed up!” I tried frowning but couldn’t stop the smile. Could this night get any crazier?
The firefighters finally broke down the other door. Their flashlights were so bright, they had all of us holding our hands out to covering our eyes.
Rylee stood closest to the door and yelped when the light hit her eyes. “Turn that thing off, please!” She staggered like she’d been hit. Seth grabbed her arm to steady her.
One fireman swept his torch over the walls. I nudged Kieran and pointed. “They’re black.” I kept my voice low.
“Wha’?” he said.
“The walls, they’re black now. Weren’t they sorta glowing in the dark before?” I continued to whisper.
He blinked, and scratched his left temple. “Yeah, ‘tis weird. Maybe it was the moon.”
Four more firefighters filed through the door, one of them Seth’s dad. Jim’s boisterous voice shouted commands and had us walking out single file, holding onto a rope with a fireman between each of us. We laughed at the bright yellow rope but Jim insisted we use the buddy system so no one would be left behind.
Ten minutes later we stood on the wet grass, among flashing cop cars, fire trucks, and the local TV crew. Only in a small town, the freakin’ media’s got nothing more exciting to cover? I found my dad a split second before he noticed me. He stood, hands in his back pockets of his jeans, doctor bag hanging over his shoulder and his right foot tapping.
He ran over and squeezed me tight. “Everyone okay?” He motioned to Jim and walked to get his medical bag where he’d dropped it when he’d dashed over. “Let’s get all of you to the ambulance. Check and see if you’re all okay.”
A policeman stepped forward. “Your folks have been notified,” he paused when he reached Kieran, “except yours, young man. We didn’t realize there were six of you.” He handed Kieran the cell from his chest pocket. “Here. Call your folks”
Kieran pushed the phone back at the officer. “Thanks, but I’ll let me Dad know in the morning. No sense in waking ’im if everything’s alright.”
Poor guy. He’s embarrassed by the officer’s concern. I inhaled a deep breath, about to say something. The air smelled of wet earth. It felt like mud clogged in my throat. I gagged and began coughing.
Dad rushed back to my side and pounded my back. “You okay?”
Holy smokes. You don’t need to shout, Dad. I bent forward and raised a hand. “I’m… okay…” I tried to clear my air passage. “A bug must’ve been… trying to… suffocate me.” I swallowed and took shallow breaths. “Honest, I’m fine.” Please don’t embarrass me.
“I’ll get you home soon, kiddo.” Dad put his arm around my shoulder when I straightened. “Let me just check the others and we’ll go. My car’s parked beside the first ambulance.”
I rested my head on his chest, suddenly exhausted. “The Bug’s parked somewhere in the field.”
“We’ll get it in the morning.”
Seth spoke from behind. “I’ll take it back to my place. Kieran can drive my truck.”
“Thanks.” I lifted my head. It felt so heavy.
Rylee’s folks had come and, to my surprise, Heidi’s mom was here on her own. It made me wish Mom were here, but the feeling quickly evaporated.
I tried to focus on my friends, but my eyes rolled from sudden exhaustion. I tried blinking several times to refocus but gave up. Tapping Dad’s shoulder, I asked, “Is it okay if I wait in your car?”
He bent down to grab something out of his medical bag. “Let me check you once more –”
“Dad! I’m fine.” I winced at the harshness in my tone, and lowered my voice. “Nothing happened in the mine. We just got stuck in that stupid room.” I didn’t want to be here another minute. The ambulances’ flashing red lights bounced off the front of the mine. The entrance looked like a face laughing at us with horrible beady red eyes. I shuddered and mumbled, “So…tired…Just gonna lie down…in the car.” I walked to his Beamer, grabbing a blanket and bottle of water from the back of the ambulance as I passed. I crawled into the back seat and took a swig from the bottle. The refreshing liquid never tasted so delicious. My body collapsed across the seats, my arms pulling the blanket over my head. Everything sounded so loud outside.
I woke groggy sometime later. It took me a moment to remember what happened. Uugh! What a lousy night. The cut-off of the engine told me we were in Dad’s driveway. He cleared his throat and I heard him move to reach over to the passenger seat, probably grabbing his bag. When he opened the door, the irritating beeping sounded to remind him to take the keys from the ignition.
Reaching for the handle, I pulled myself up and crept outside. The cool air made me shiver. I hugged myself and groggily made my way to Dad’s front door. A figure stood silhouetted in the light on the porch. I groaned, wishing I had the ability to disappear, or better yet, some supernatural power to make my mom disappear.
Mom began shouting at Dad, oblivious to the late hour. “You bastard! Why didn’t you call me sooner?” She stamped her foot. “She could’ve been seriously hurt.”
Dad said nothing. He put his arm around my shoulders and helped me inside the house, and whispered to me, “She’s just worried about you.” Once we were through the front door, he turned back to corral my unbelievably loud mother. She wouldn’t shut up.
“She could’ve drowned, or been hit by lightening or --”
“Bev,” Dad said, using his doctor-talking-to-the-patient voice, “why not come inside and I’ll make you a cup of coffee. You must be cold from waiting.” Good ol’ Dad, making her think it was in her best interest to come in.
They came inside, Dad holding the door for my stomping mother. She paused in front of me and began touching and patting me everywhere.
“Are you hurt?” Pat, pat, pat.
“No, Mom. Stop. Nothing’s broken. Dad’s already checked me out. I’m fine.”
“We should take you to the hospital. Who knows what rodents are living in that mine.”
I stepped out of her reach. “I’m alright.” I glanced at Dad for help.
He smiled and shrugged, as if saying “what can you do?” He squeezed my shoulder. “Let’s talk over a cup of coffee, Bev.”
Mom glared at him. “You’re right we’re going to talk.” She stormed into the kitchen.
Dad gave me a sympathetic smile. “I’ll calm her down. Why don’t you go on and clean up.” He pulled at a strand of my hair, dried dirt feel to the floor.
That’s why I loved him. He got me without having to explain things sometimes. “Thanks. I’m gonna jump in the shower. I stink.”
“--and I think there’s more mud on you than most pigs.” He hugged me tight, pulling away when my mother called out she couldn’t work the coffee machine. I smiled. Dad had one of those automatic coffee makers. It made lattes, hot chocolates, the works. Actually, a drink sounded really good.
He must have seen my face. “I’ll make something hot and soothing for you to drink, and put it in your room.” He kissed my forehead. “Good night, sweetie. I’ll see you in morning.” He headed down the hall to the kitchen.
I shook my head when Mom started in on Dad. She always did that. Whenever she couldn’t handle a situation, she blamed it on him. She didn’t mean to but it was her way of dealing with crap. Plus tonight she talked so bloomin’ loud, it grated on my ears. She just didn’t know how to handle intense situations. If she’d just leaned on Dad instead of blaming him, maybe… I forced the thought out of my head. I loved my mom and she was great. She just had a tendency to over-react. Usually it wasn’t a big deal but tonight, I just couldn’t handle it.
I headed to the room Dad had set up for me five years ago when he’d bought the house shortly after their separation. I lived with Mom but slept here as much as I could. I grabbed a pair of cotton pj bottoms with a tank top and headed downstairs. Dad had this awesome huge double shower installed down there.
Turning both jets on high, I stripped down and stepped in. The hot water pounded on my back and top of my head. It felt awesome. The power of the jets drowned out my parents’ voices. A headache began creeping up the back of my neck and spreading like a vice around my head. I washed my mud-caked legs and scrubbed the dirt out of my hair. If my head didn’t hurt so badly, I’d have enjoyed the shower longer. All I wanted to do was crawl into bed and vanish for the next hundred hours. I never got migraines and this felt debilitating.
I dressed and paused at the kitchen entrance. Dad had calmed Mom down. They each sat on a bar stool, having a glass of wine. Mom was laughing at something Dad said, her slender fingers resting on his bicep.
She stood when she saw me and came over to give me a hug. “Glad you’re okay.” She kissed my forehead. “Ready to go?”
“I-I…uh…” I stood there in pjs and she wanted to take me home? Some people were actually getting up at this time to go to work!
“Bev.” Dad rested his hand on her shoulder. “Why not let Zoezey sleep here. It’s almost morning, and she’s exhausted.”
Her brows creased together and she opened her mouth.
“Mom,” I interrupted, stopping any chance of her speaking. “My head’s killin’. I’m gonna lie down. You finish your wine. If I’m still awake when you’re done, I’ll come back with you.”
She nodded and from behind her shoulder, Dad winked at me.
“G’night.” I turned and headed upstairs, not waiting for their wishes or kisses. I shuffled to my bedroom, barely able to keep my eyes open from the pounding in my head. I really had a new sympathy for migraine sufferers. If I could fall asleep before it hit full-on, I’d avoid the worst of it. I stumbled into bed, shoving the pillow over my ears to drown out my parents. They were so hot and cold, sometimes I felt like the adult.
Noises all around screamed deep into my ear canals. There was no escape into darkness, just the shards and fracturing across the inside of my eyelids. Too exhausted to fight, I lay there tortured, unable to move.



Chapter 4

Ka-poosh!… Ka-poosh... Kapoosh!
I groaned and threw the duvet over my face. When that didn’t deafen the jackhammer outside, I grabbed the pillow and stuffed it over my head. It’s freakin’ Sunday morning and Dad’s idiot neighbour has to rip the concrete out of his driveway NOW?
Ka-poosh!
Bolting upright, I chucked the pillow at the closet. The noise continued to echo in my ears and ricochet inside my head. I glanced at the nightstand, swearing I’d just heard the click of the numbers changing. Impossible. Seeing as it’s freakin’ digital.
Six a.m., right on the button.
Rubbing my eyes, I checked again. Yeah, I’d read it correctly. I banged my head against the pillow. Except it wasn’t there. It lay on the floor by my closet.
Three hours of sleep. Seriously?
I punched the mattress and pushed myself out of bed. I jerked back, startled when an echo from the bed’s springs squealed against my ear drums. Stomping to the window, I flipped open Dad’s expensive California shutters. The street below lay void of life. The neighbour didn’t have a hard hat crew jacking up the concrete; only his Lexus sat in the driveway. Dad lived in the rich side of town where all the professional doctors, lawyers and whoever were all still in bed this morning. Only a stupid fly with an annoying buzz banged into the glass a few times before finally taking off.
Still, the Ka-poosh noise didn’t stop. I turned from the window and slumped against the wall. I shut my eyes tight as more sounds crashed against my eardrums -- my father snoring…a dog barking…the fridge running…a screen door slamming…
My eyes shot open. Dad’s asleep so why would the back door be closing? My brows mashed together. Wait. He doesn’t have a screen door. It was one of those metal doors with the fancy rainbow glass. Maybe the neighbors?
Heart pounding against my ribs, each rapid beat reverberated inside my skull, like church bells. My head hurt like hell. Last night’s thunderstorm fiasco came flooding back. The creepy mine, the weird blue skin, Mom and Dad’s fight, and the exhaustion.
Too tired to notice pretty much anything. Maybe I’d caught a cold. Ear infection? I pressed my fingers against the bridge of my nose. No pressure or congestion. I feel good, like I’ve slept ten hours instead of three. I snorted but stopped instantly, the noise seemed to scream into my hearing canal. Well, my body feels rested. My head feels like a train wreck between the ears. I plugged my ears.
Ka-poosh!
I marched out of the room, determined to find whoever was responsible for the annoying sound. I trudged through Dad’s entire backsplit, nearly falling down when I got to the bottom of the basement stairs. The ka-poosh noise became clearer. I yanked the bathroom door open, not giving a crap who might be inside. About to yell, my voice froze in my throat.
No drill or jackhammer here either, but the noise was deafening. Plugging my ears again, I walked to the shower. “Holy crap.” I jumped back, surprised that even my voice sounded way too loud to my poor ears. The stall stood vacant, but the faucet hadn’t been completely shut off. Water dripped from the showerhead, making the distinctive ka-poosh sound.
How in the world did I hear that tiny drip from upstairs in my bed? How’d it wake me up? As I realized the sound, it blended in with the other noises of the house. Distinct, but everything else I heard seemed to be fighting for attention inside my head. I could even hear Dad snoring three floors up. I’m like a bloody animal. If someone blows one those dog whistles I’ll probably hear it and start howling.
Cranking the faucet tight, my thoughts drifted back to the mine. I never planned on stepping foot inside there again… ever. Ear wax. I grabbed two Q-tips and tried clearing my ears out. It sounded like a river rushing though my head. The tips came away barely dirty. What the --?
I pushed the rising panic aside and tossed the tips in the garbage can. I tugged at my ear lobes as I made my way up the stairs. I needed some Advil and breakfast. Hopefully, that would clear my headache and my hypersensitive ears.
Once inside the slightly clinical-feeling, chrome-filled kitchen, I popped waffles into the toaster. After setting my plate as quietly as I could on the little breakfast bar in the middle of the room, I swung open the fridge to grab syrup. I squawked when a high pitched urrrr sound grated in the air. Grimacing, I whirled around to trail the sound. Toaster. There must’ve been some kind of short in it. I jerked the cord from the wall, my shoulders instantly relaxing. I hadn’t even noticed they’d tensed up.
I stared at my white knuckles gripping the edge of the counter. Something’s so wrong. I could tune into every sound in the house…and I mean all of it, on every floor, and outside. Focus, Zoe. You can control this. You tune Mom and Dad out all the time.
I shut my eyes, attempting to squash the building panic inside. Except closing my eyes only enhanced my hearing into super sonic radars. I couldn’t control it. My eye lids popped up at a sudden thought. No human can possibly hear with such clarity without help.
My chest swelled and stiffened, ready to explode. The tightness crept up my throat. I flipped around, leaning against the counter and stared at everything. The dishwasher, the fridge, the clock on the stove, the lights above me, a pounding creak near the stairs. Each time my eyes settled on something, my hearing tuned into a new sound. All the normal things in my life are now enemies invading my head.
“Crap, crap, crap,” I whispered, the heels of my hands covered my eyes and fingers nails scratched into my scalp. The scraping on my skin sounded like nails on a chalkboard. I shuddered. Even my barely audible cry sounded like wailing to me.
“What’s going on, Zoe?”
I nearly hit the ceiling from Dad’s groggy voice. He stood at the kitchen doorway in hospital scrubs and a creased white tee shirt. Get outta here. Fake a yawn, go back to bed. Avoid doctor dad. His creamed coffee colored hair had major bed head on the left side. He walked to the fridge and pulled out a container of OJ, drinking straight from the jug.
As I stared at his large, bare feet, each gulp he swallowed bounced inside my ear canals. His heart beat between each swallow -- glug-thump-glug-thump. I swore if I concentrated hard enough, I’d hear the blood rushing through his veins.
He put the juice back in the fridge, and shut the door with his heel as he turned to watch me. The concern on his face comforted me. I relaxed my shoulders, but felt like I couldn’t breathe.
“You look like you’re in pain.” He placed a cool hand on my forehead, and then the back of my neck. “You’re a bit warm.”
I stepped back, out of his reach. “I’m alright.” I took a slow, shallow breath in and out. “Just a bit of a headache.” I didn’t want him to worry…yet.
Too late. He disappeared from the kitchen for a moment, and I heard him grab his medical bag from the chair near the front door. Crap! I don’t need this right now. I just want to be on my own… figure this out. He reappeared and dropped the bag on the counter.
I flinched at the loud sound each clasp made when he clipped the bag open.
“I want to do some blood work on you. Who knows what got into your system at that old mine.” He pulled out a needle and a couple of vials. “Sit.” He pointed to one of the chairs at the breakfast nook along the wall. “I’m heading into the office for an hour.”
Not in the mood to argue, I dropped into a chair and grimaced as it creaked. Slow movements, quiet as possible. How could I have forgotten that already?
I swear I heard my tendons snap as I straightened my arm. Dad tied a tourniquet around my bicep.
“Make a fist.”
“I know the drill, Dad. I’ve done this before.” Wow, we’re having a shouting match and he doesn’t even know it.
“Just making sure.” He swiped the area with an alcohol swab.
I closed my eyes, not wanting to see the needle go into my flesh. The sharp pinch was enough for me. A unique buzzing filled my ears, and when the needle pricked my skin and entered my vein I flinched. I picked up a weird sucking sound, like vacuum and then the sound of my blood whooshing into the vial. It took everything within me not to pull away or try to cover my ears with my free arm. Act normal. Three vials filled; each click and popping sound discrete to my oversensitive ears.
I stared at the vials and caught my Dad’s heart rate switching to a faster pace. The blood inside had a purple tinge to it. Was that normal?
“There, kiddo. All done.” Dad pressed a cotton ball and bandage on my arm. He stood and put the blood into a mini-centrifuge container he kept in the bag. “I’m going to jump in the shower, and then head out.”
“Do you think…” I swallowed, afraid to finish my thought, “something…might be off?”
He hugged me. “No. I just want to double check. I have no idea if there’s still radium in the mine. There might be uranium in there and if you kids inhaled any…” He sighed and pulled away. “Everything’s fine. I just prefer to err on the side of caution.”
I nodded but said nothing. I’d heard the change in his heart rate again and knew he was either lying or scared. So was I.
Dad squeezed my shoulder and headed back to his room. As I watched his retreating figure, I wondered why he’d never dated. He had a great job, he was handsome and fit. Woman threw themselves at him all the time when we went out or when I visited him at his office. Mom had done a number on him. She’d broken his heart beyond repair. Great. Now I’m all sentimental like I’m about to die.
The pulsing water from Dad’s shower broke me out of my wondering thoughts. With my weird super-hearing, I listened to him step in and the water hit his body. Gross I didn’t need to listen to his morning routine.
Running for the safety of my bedroom, I dove into bed, thrust my head under the pillow and pulled the covers over. Dad’s electric razor sounded like a lawnmower, even when I tried muffling the sound.
A part of me tried to convince the rest of myself this could be something really cool. Maybe, but it’s a nightmare at the same time.
What about the others? Had the same thing happened to them?
I crawled out from under the sheets and grabbed my Blackberry. Rylee and Heidi were first on my BBM list.
I sent them both a message: U ok? Let’s meet 2nite.
Dropping back onto the bed I shut my eyes tight and counted the loud echo of my heartbeats. It was easy to pick out the dub-lub sound my heart made as blood poured through its chambers. I tried to block out the horrible thoughts.
It was no use.
My cell lit up and its buzzing sounded like a bee’s nest.
Rylee replied: WTH? I got a massive migraine + can’t stop crying.



Chapter 5
Brent

Somehow the sun figured out a way to sneak through my blinds and stab my pillow. At first it didn’t bother me. Half awake, the guitar dream felt too good to be true. Aw! Why couldn’t it be real? When my left hand started tingling, I rolled over. Sunshine clawed its way though my closed eyelids so I rolled over and moved my head into the shade. Ten minutes later the blinding light zapped me again.
Irritated, I flipped onto my back and grabbed the remote on the nightstand. Now my right hand prickled. I must’ve slept on a nerve or something. I pressed the power button and the fifty inch flat screen hanging on my wall and it flickered to life. Much Music had some greaty-eighties videos playing and the satellite info on the top right corner showed just after eleven.
Eyes still fuzzy from sleeping, I got up and staggered into my bathroom to take a leak. Returning to the bedroom, I caught sight of my open guitar case and ran my fingers over the wood of the Hagstrom. A weird flash fogged my vision – I stumbled and caught the back of the chair before I wiped out.
“Weird.” Could I still be dreaming? Nah… I bent down checking my newest baby. If she’d gotten ruined last night outside the mine…didn’t even want to imagine. Nate bitched and complained the entire time in Europe about her bulkiness and me lugging her everywhere we went, but I didn’t give a toss. It probably cost me half my soul to buy, but the Hagstrom was worth every penny.
The case had water damage on the base, but hey, that’s what they’re for. It’s not like I couldn’t get a new one. Finally arriving home in my room last night, I’d immediately opened it, paranoid it’d gotten wet. Then I’d dropped on my bed too exhausted to get up, check it or close the case.
The guitar begged me to stroke her. I slid my thumb across the strings, enjoying the sensation it brought. I strummed a few chords and wrapped my fingers around her neck. No rush, I could play a bit before heading downstairs.
The fingers on both hands vibrated against the Maplewood fretboard and the copper-cound steel strings. I pulled back. A tingling sensation zinged from the tips of my fingers up my length of my arm. Staring at my hand, I blinked. Brushing off the feeling, I leaned forward to play again.
“What the--” Again freaky tremors bounced against my hand and my vision distorted. I tried to focus by squinting, but a shadowy silhouette appeared before me playing my guitar. The guy in the Liverpool shop I’d bought her from said she’d come out of a house on Abbey Road. I hadn’t believed him, but the blurry guy in my vision kind of looked like a young version of Sir McCartney. Okay, my totally overactive imagination is getting the best of me. I’m still dreaming.
Or, Nate was playing tricks on me. Maybe he had some electric trickle wire leading to the guitar. I dropped to the floor in a push-up position, intending to check the wires.
The moment my fingers touched the dark floor, I froze. The hardwood thrummed against my hands, and a clear image of what appeared, suspiciously, flashed in front of my eyes. My folks sat in the brightly sunlit dining room, directly below, having brunch. Dad reading the paper, and Mom checking messages on her iPad.
I stood and staggered backward, rubbing my forehead. Wait a sec---Nate couldn’t have rigged my guitar. He left for UofT last week.
I grabbed a tee shirt and a pair of faded blue jeans. I groaned. Ah, hell, Rosetta had ironed them – again. How many times did I have to ask her to take them just out of the dryer? I preferred my pants kinda crinkled. No kid my age ironed his pants. Complaining didn’t help. She’d just start ironing my boxer-briefs and leave smiley-face post it notes. I loved her anyway. She was our housemaid, but part mom at the same time.
Giddy laughter floated up the stairs. Mom reacting to something Dad said. I followed their voices and the smell of freshly cinnamon buns and coffee into the dining area, then shook my head at the moment of déjà vu. Say what? How could I know? I gave my head a slight shake. Nah, it’s just their normal routine. I clenched and unclenched my hands, trying to stop the annoying prickly sensation.
“You’re up.” Dad folded his paper and leaned back in his chair. He wore a suit – strange for a Saturday. “Surprising. You usually don’t show your face till at least noon.”
“How’re you feeling?” Mom ran a finger back and forth along her pearl necklace.
“Fine, I guess.” I shrugged, ignoring Dad’s comment. “My head’s killing me.”
Mom rested a cool hand on the nape of my neck. “You’re a bit warm. Do you think I should phone Dr. Taylor and ask him do a house call?”
Dad harrumphed.
“I’m fine, Mom.” I leaned over and kissed her cheek smelling sweet perfume against her collar. “I probably just need to eat.” I grabbed a croissant, loaded it with ham and cheese and took a huge bite. Tingling seemed to have finally stopped. I settled into the chair across from my father and nodded at him. Mom wore a fancy outfit. Both dressed up? Probably going to one of Dad’s functions.
“I’ve got one of my surveyors coming tomorrow to look at the mine. He’ll run a few tests on the uranium. See if there’s any trace amounts and make sure the mine’s properly closed. That place is a sore spot in this town. I’d like to see it turned into a golf course.” He glanced at Mom. “I’m going to check with the city to see if that’s possible. It’d be the perfect location and I don’t own a course. I’d love to design one.” He pulled his iPad out and began making notes.
Keeping my head down, I rolled my eyes. He wants a golf course? Now he thinks he’s a designer? No worry his son might be full of toxins or who-knows-the-hell-what?
“Nate called this morning.” Mom slipped on her white suit jacket and straightened it. She wiped invisible dirt off the matching white skirt. She always wore white the last day before Labor Day. Said it had to do with some fashion-thing.
“What’d he say?” Nate’d be psyched to hear about last night.
“I told him you spent the night in the mine. He wants you to phone him with all the details.” Mom turned to Dad. “Time to go, honey. The invitation said three o’clock, and it’ll take us an hour to get there.”
Dad sighed. He stood and tossed his napkin on the table. “I’d love to have one Sunday with no commitments. What happened to family days?” He pulled his phone out as he followed my mother towards the hallway. “Do you mind driving, dear? I’ll make a few phone calls regarding the possibility of the golf course. If I can’t do it at the mine, I want to find another location now I’ve got it in my head.”
Mom looked at me and winked. “One of your dad’s business partners invited us to his retirement party. I’m not sure what time we’ll be back. It shouldn’t be too late.” She picked her purse off the buffet and slipped it over her shoulder. “Rosetta put a chicken on the rotisserie and there’s salad in the fridge. Don’t forget to call Nate.”
“Okeydokey.” I stood and followed them to the front entrance. Their social obligations always seemed to trump any possibility of having a real conversation with them. “See ya later.” I closed the door and stood there a moment with my hand remaining on the door.
Startled, I jerked away but kept my hand on the heavy, oak door. The weird tingling sensation returned, but with a force that spasmed all the way up to my eyeballs. The door was antique, with lead windows high up on the top, but it felt like my fingers had drilled little holes and gave me perfect vision outside…like a window.
I could see my parents walk outside towards the three-car garage. My dad patted my mom’s ass, which she reciprocated with a playful shove.
“What the fu--,” I mumbled, pulling my hand away. The image disappeared when the pressure of the wood left my fingers. Curious, I raised both hands and tentatively touched the door with the tips of my fingers. The entire yard came into view. The garage door opening, my folks pulling out, disappearing down the drive. I can see through frickin’ doors?
Weird. But while watching outside, I could also see the door in front of me. It took a bit of focussing, but I figured out how to switch back and forth -- inside, then outside, then back inside. Keeping one hand on the door, I turned sideways. Now I could see the dining room table, or anywhere else I looked, and still see outside at will.
I could spy on people – hot girls in particular – or play a killer trick on Seth. The possibilities were endless.
“This is so F’in’ cool!” I shouted to the empty house. No need to swear with no one to hear me. My head pounded. Shouting wasn’t a smart idea. Suddenly my brain hurt like a son of a bitch. Even my eyes ached like they had weights on them.
I need my phone. It took everything I had to trudge up the stairs. Light headed and dizzy I clung to the railing and tried to ignore the tingling feeling now spreading to my feet.
Swallowing the bile rising in my throat, I dropped to the floor when I made it past the last step. Crawling towards the stand beside my bed, I grew nauseous from the see-through floor because of my fingers and trying to find my way through my foggy eyes. When I reached my bed, it took everything in me not to hurl.
Still on all fours and my forehead pressed against the floor, I reached on top of the stand and let my hand find my Blackberry. Blowing a hard breath from my lips, I gingerly sat up and leaned against the bed.
Eyes open in slits, I sent Seth and Zoe a text. Zoe and I had been great buds since preschool. Too bad I didn’t have the courage to tell her I wouldn’t mind being something more. Last night I’d hoped to ask her out. Except she’d been googling over the new guy, and then the thunderstorm screwed everything up. At least I have this wicked cool touchy-thing to make up for it. My thumbs found the keys and I didn’t even need to look at the screen.
Meet 2nite. 7pm PHP Have something cool 2 show u
I wanted to try the touch-feely thing outside. See what happens when I put my hand on the grass. I pushed myself up and leaned against the bed. It took several deep breaths top stop the room from the spinning. Walking like a drunk bum I made it past my door and down the hall.
Then my brain decided to spin the house like a tornado. I pressed my fingers against my temple and buried my head into my palms. Another sensation pushed into my conscience – like Dorothy’s house in the Wizard of Oz.
I realized what was happening – a second too late.



Chapter 6

Rrrrr…Rrrrrr…
My phone vibrated against my cheek. I must’ve rolled onto it in my sleep. I’d passed out big time.
I opened my eyes and nearly shit my pants. Holy crap! What the hell happened? I lay on the top of the stairs. Well, sort of. My hips and legs were on the landing, but my upper body lay splattered down on the top two steps. The moments before passing out came flooding back. How I hadn’t toppled down the stairs was beyond me.
Slowly I crawled backwards until there were no more steps. Headache’s gone, thank goodness. Except my body still felt weak and shaky. I crawled back to my room and dropped onto my bed, tossing my phone beside me.
Stretching, I glanced around my room. Five guitars rested peacefully on their stands but my new one still lay on the floor beside the bed. How irreverent of me.
A tingling in my toes reminded me of more important things. I leaned to the side and touched the wall. My fingers brought Nate’s room into focus, even clearer than before. Freakin’ awesome! I still got it.
I punched the bed in excitement, rolled off and stood barefoot on the hardwood floor. An image of the dining room flashed in front of my eyes at the exact moment the bottom of my feet touched. My feet now have eyes? What’s going on with my skin? I gotta figure out how to control this or I’ll go crazy. Distracted, I nearly stepped on my guitar. I caught myself and went to splash cold water on my face.
“Holy shit!” I stared at the reflection in my mirror, towel in hand. My eyebrows hid under my hair, and my mouth hung open. I’m surprised the vision didn’t come from my jaw hitting the floor. Moving closer, it seemed as if my blue eyes had more specs of brown in them. Or they were just bluer. Nah… impossible.
Still gawking, I spread my feet shoulder width apart. After seeing my face in the mirror and the room below, I touched the wall. My freak skill allowed me to see Nate’s room, the dining room and my reflection, all at the same time. It took some time but by shifting my focus slightly by moving my eyes, I figured out how to switch rooms. It made my head spin so I dropped the toilet seat down and sat. I could touch the floor and both walls.
I needed to slow down or I’d throw up. Feet on the floor, I shoved my hands under my armpits and worked on shifting scenes without getting dizzy. Once accomplished, I added one hand, then the other. Soon I could focus on what I wanted to see, and still see the other rooms peripherally, like a computer screen that had different screens which popped up by simply touching them. Pacing in my room, I needed to figure out how to have the ability to see my normal field of sight. I’d either never be able to move or crash into everything if I didn’t get it sorted.
Dropping my arms and shaking them, I gave my shoulders a few rolls and started from my feet up again. First one foot I concentrated on the screen views my brain gave me. Sweat broke out on my forehead but I knew I was getting there. The dizziness disappeared as well as the nausea. When I finally added a hand to the wall and manoeuvred around my guitars without banging into anything I relaxed. Easy as pie. Laughter erupted from my throat, and I did a Tiger Wood’s fist pump, then nicely finished off with two long blasts from the old butt trumpet.
A buzzing stopped my victory dance. My phone slid a few inches on my sheets, trying to get my attention. I picked it up and checked for messages. There were three. Seth said he’d meet up and would stop by Kieran’s place to see if he wanted to come. Heidi texted that Zoe had sent her a message and she’d let Rylee know, and they’d be there.
Zoe sent the last one.
  Sorry 4 not replying sooner. Mom’s freaking out since I didn’t call her when I was at my dads. I’m walking 2 mom’s now and getting the Beatle. C U at PHP. I gotta tell you something.  
Poor gal, she had no idea how to send a short text. I couldn’t help but grin. I gotta tell you something wayyy cooler. Unless she had the same thing happen to her. Something from the mine…
I replied: L8er.
Tossing the phone on the bed I then bent over and picked up Hangstrom, unable to resist playing it. I settled onto the stool near the fireplace on the far wall and ran my fingers over the strings, playing a few odd chords. I’d always preferred fingers over a pick. Now, the vibrations humming through my fingers were like magic, like I’d never understood the sound until that moment.
I disappeared into the melody as the notes rang out. Nothing else existed. There was only the music. Not like before, so much more…deeper, sensual.
The next time I checked my watch, I stared in surprise. Two and a half hours gone? It’d felt like twenty minutes since I’d come to at the top of the stairs. Six o’clock and I still needed to shower before heading out to PHP. Jumping from the stool, I carefully set the guitar on her stand and raced to the bathroom.

The log cabin exterior of Pool Hall Parlour twinkled with year-round with multi-colored Christmas lights. A few old cars in the parking lot, but none looked familiar. Once inside, I checked to see if any of the gang had been dropped off. At home, I’d figured out when I wore socks or sneakers, my feet were unable to get any X-ray vision. It made driving a whole lot easier.
Running my fingers along the wooden walls, I searched the eating and pool table area, even the ‘Cowpokes’ restroom. I lifted my hand as I passed the ‘Cowgals’. There were certain things in life a guy didn’t need to see. Nobody was here yet.
Funny, I’ve been here a million times but everything seems like I’m seeing it for the first time. Way clearer. Maybe my focus is notched just a little tighter.
Whoever decorated PHP must’ve made some taxidermist rich. Stuff raccoons, beavers, ducks, fish, and deer heads, plastered the walls over the pool tables, bar, and video games. A huge black moose loomed over the dart board, a couple of stray darts stuck to him. The one by its nose was mine.
Aside from never wanting to be here on your own with all those beady eyes staring at your every move, the place had an awesome atmosphere. It only added to the awesome food they served. Huge burgers which tasted like proper outdoor barbequed, fresh cut French fries with the skin still on, and sandwiches crammed with half a chicken. Everything was greasy and salty. It was impossible to order the wrong thing from the menu. My mouth watered from the menu and smells coming from the kitchen. I glanced around and checked the door. They’d better be here soon, I’m starving.
The place was dead for a Sunday night. A couple of people eating and four college guys, summer strays as we called them, must’ve come up to Elliot Lake for the last weekend before school. Completely wasted, they were trying to play pool, in between cat-calling the waitress. Poor Abigail. One of them, tall with shaggy blond hair, tried to swat her ass, but she sidestepped and strolled back to the bar rolling her eyes.
I’d settled into a booth near the far side, facing the front doors. Sort of watching the entrance, interested in the hall more than anything else. The stuffed animals on the walls kept watching my every move. Or maybe watching the door as well.
“Dude!” Seth’s booming voice made everyone turn. He smiled, but then grimaced when he passed the kitchen and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Kieran strolled right behind him, dressed in dark clothes and hands in his back pockets. He surveyed the room with a bored look, shaking his head at the animals hanging on the walls.
Seth dropped into the booth. “Abi! Can we get a pitcher of Ginger ale over here?”
“Ginger ale? What are you, ninety?” I laughed. “You getting anything to eat?”
“Naw, the kitchen’s got a funky odour coming out of it.” He rubbed his nose, as if trying to block the smell.”
“I never noticed.” Kieran pulled a stool to the booth and sat down.
“Me neither. I’m starving.” I grabbed the menu, already knowing what I’d order.
Abigail dropped the jug and glasses off and stood behind Kieran. “D’you guys want anything?” Her tray rested against her hip.
Loud laughter from the college boys muffled my stomach’s loud grumble.
Zoe, Heidi and Rylee slipped around Abigail and scooted into the booth. Zoe sat beside me, the other two by Seth.
Zoe grinned and whispered, “I bet Brent orders the mega-burger.” She rested her elbow on the table, hands covering her ears.
I stared at her, trying to keep my eyes from wandering over her sun-kissed skin and down her short white skirt. If I touched her shirt, would I be able to see through it? Shaking my head, I took a deep breath and forced my fingers to play with the napkin wrapped around the cutlery. “Maybe I’m not hungry.”
She gave a half-smile. “Liar. I heard your stomach growl.” Her cheeks turned a shade of red that matched her low cut tank top.
How’d she hear it? “Fine, you win.” I turned to Abigail, my gaze roaming once more over Zoe’s perky boobs before moving on to Abigail. A guy’s gotta look, right? “Can I get the mega with a side of onions rings?”
Abigail blew her bangs, looking tired. “Anyone else?”
Kieran ordered the mega too, and the girls got the nacho tray.
“Seth?” Rylee said. “Anything? Or everything on the menu?”
He inhaled and turned three shades of green. “Nah, I’m good. Wait. Maybe another ginger ale? With a spoon for the bubbles.” He rested his chin on his hand, his fingers covering his mouth and nose.
“If you got the flu and gonna puke…” Heidi scooted away from him and closer to Rylee.
“I’m fine…I think.” Seth spoke from behind his hand. “Everything just smells totally strong. Some of it’s nice, but some of it…” He gagged and shuddered as he swallowed. “I think the mine poisoned my gut.”
Heidi and Rylee jumped out of the booth. Heidi slid beside Zoe, who moved closer to me. Rylee grabbed a stool and sat beside Kieran.
Seth smirked and sat up, not sick or poisoned at all. “I’m fine now.” He stretched a leg out on the bench and grinned.
“Bugger,” Rylee said. “You just wanted the seat to yourself. I should’ve seen that coming.”
“Bugger?” Zoe asked. “Where’d that come from?”
Rylee shrugged. “Someone said it on Corrie Street or Queer as Folk or some other BBC show I watched online. It’s a cool word.”
Kieran laughed and crossed his arms over his chest. He winked at the girls sitting by me. “Never had someone try an’ impress me that’a way. Thar’s a first.” His accent made his r’s roll. Great, more things to make the girls ogle over him.
Heidi coughed, looked at Zoe, and then me. “What’s going on? With all of us?”
Suddenly my skill went from being cool to dropping a stone in the pit of my stomach. It’s wrong? Wait. Do they have it too?
Abigail’s arrival with our food stopped me from replying. Taking forever, she finally walked set everything down and walked toward the pool tables.
I stared at my tower of onion rings, thinking about how to ask my buddies without sounding out of my mind. I grabbed the top ring and popped it into my mouth. The frown on Zoe’s face stopped me from reaching for another. “What’s up?”
She nodded to the college guys. “They’re saying things. Pretty disgusting stuff about Abi. I hope Max’s kicks them out. They’re gross.”
“You mean, Skinny, Dipshit, and Bleach-head?” Seth jabbed his thumb and smiled, looking all proud of thinking up the nicknames.
I cocked my head. All I heard was loud laughter. “How can you hear them?”
Zoe stared at her nachos. All of us grew quiet – a weird, almost knowing silence. She whispered, “I can hear everything.”
“Git out,” Kieran said.
“There’s a guy talking outside on his cell. He’s about to come in.”
We all turned to the entrance and watched some guy walk in with a phone stuck to his ear. I turned to Zoe. She covered her ears, as if trying to drown out the noise.
“You’re ears are wacked! My hands and feet—”
“These nachos taste like a dirty ashtray.” Heidi cut me off. She pushed her plate away, her face four shades of green.
Seth leaned forward, oblivious to what had just happened. He sniffed. “They stink a bit like smoke, but better than the lard stench coming out of the kitchen.” He tried a nacho, then slid the plate in front of him. “If you’re not gonna eat…”
“Time out, time out, guys.” I made a capital “t” with my hands. Kieran eye’s jotted over each of us. He’s thinking what I’m thinking. My head ticked like the second hand on a clock at each of my friends. Seth complaining stuff smells bad, Zoe can hear a pin drop, Heidi’s taste is off and…
My stomach tightened, and breathing became a challenge. “All of you been weird since last night?” I scratched my jaw as each of them nodded. All, but Kieran. “Rylee, what’s your deal? Is it your skin?”
She blinked. “No. My skins fine but my eyes are super focused. Remember last year when I had laser surgery? It was awesome ‘cause I could see everything without my glasses.” She blinked, her eyes shooting everywhere around the hall. “It felt like that again this morning. Except now I can see the trees with five thousand leaves, their veins and the bugs crawling on them.” She paused. “And watch the sap running through them. I swear I could see all of it.”
“So,” I said slowly. “You’ve got perfect vision? And Zoe’s got sensitive hearing, Heidi’s taste buds are off, and Seth’s nose stinks.” I thought I had sight, but it’s feel. My hands and feet…it’s based on my skin. My heart pounding, I continued, my words now tumbling out, “I woke with some wicked feeling-thing in my hands. I touched a wall and could see through it. Same thing with the floor, like some kinda X-ray vision.” I turned to the Scotsman. “What about you?”
Kieran chuckled. “Yer serious, aren’t you?” He pretended to sniff, cupped an ear with his hand, and then licked ketchup off a French fry. He shook his head as he ran a finger across the table, and then rubbed his eyes and blinked a bunch of times. “Nothin’. Had a bad headache, but tha’ was it. But no super-power.” He leaned forward. “Yer pullin’ me leg, right?”
“No joke. I can see through walls.” “I can’t stop hearing everything.” Zoe and I spoke at the same time.
“Our senses are all screwed up,” Zoe whispered. She spoke, tapping a finger with each word, “Smell, sight, taste, touch and hearing.” Her eyes grew huge. “M-My dad’s doing some blood work to check for radium and whatever other shit’s running through me.”
I put my arm around her shoulders and gave a squeeze. Her skin felt amazingly soft, but cool as if it needed my arm there. “Something weird happened after the lightning.”
Heidi looked ready to cry. “It doesn’t make sense. If there was radioactivity in that room last night, our skin should be falling off our bones.”
“But it isn’t.” What had happened in the mine?
“Do you remember the weird smell last night?” Heidi asked.
“Yeah, can’t get it out of my nostrils at the moment.” Seth wiped his nose with the sleeve of his shirt.
“It was from the lightning. It’s actually ozone.”
Heidi’s school book reading kicking in.
“Lightning splits water molecules in the air and three molecules of oxygen bond to form ozone during a lightning storm.”
“Where’d the heck you learn tha’?” Kieran, the only one eating, held his burger halfway to his mouth.
Heidi shrugged. “Earth Science. Chemistry.”
“Okay.” Kieran didn’t sound too sure.
“Heidi’s got a photographic memory,” Zoe explained.
“No shite?”
We all nodded. It’d been like this since second grade.
“Something happened to us while we were in that room,” Heidi insisted.
This is wrong, in so many ways. “Maybe from the lightning, or the Uranium mine,” I said.
“I bet it was from when we were blue.” Rylee added.
“Then why didn’t he,” Seth said, pointing at Kieran. “Not get affected? Why just us?”
Kieran leaned forward, and set his burger down. “Maybe you guys have some defunked gene from living in Elliot crap-hole.” He held up a hand. “Sorry, mates. ‘Didn’t mean that like it sounded.” He bit into a French fry and chewed. “Maybe something’s in the water or the soil and you guys absorbed. Remember, I just got here.”
“You might be right,” I said. “The five of us had been friends since first grade. Maybe there’s something in the soil and then when the storm hit – or we got hit in the mine – it messed everything up.” I shook my head, totally confused. “Can this really be happening?”
Seth straightened. “Five senses and there’s five of us. And dude,” he said looking at me, “It’s totally happening.”
Everyone sat silent and barely moving. Except Kieran, who kept on eating his burger and fries.
Zoe let out a long sigh. “So, what do we do? Should we tell someone? Maybe my dad?”
“Heck no!” Seth pounded the table with his fist. “Think of all the crap we’re gonna get away with this year at school. Getting straight A’s, some serious pranks, there’s so much shit. We’re not screwed or dying, we just got hit with some awesome super-ability.” He stared at each one of us. “So we gotta keep this our little secret.”
“Little?” Heidi asked.
Seth shrugged. “Fine. Our big-ass secret. I say we don’t tell anyone.” He turned to Kieran. “Can you to that?”
Kieran raised his hands in mock surrender. “Don’t worry ‘bout me. I’m not tellin’ a soul. I want ta see what you kin do with yer new bits.”
“I think we should tell my Dad.” Zoe took a sip of her coke. “I mean, what if something’s wrong? He’s already doing my bloodwork. I could tell him about my hearing.” She chewed her lip.
Heidi spoke, “What if we get cancer or some growth or worse…”
“Like what?” Rylee said. “We wake up dead one morning?”
Everyone laughed. Gotta deal with the nervousness somehow.
“We tell your dad if we have to,” Seth said. “If he says something about the blood results, we go from there,”
“Or we get sick,” Heidi said not sounding convinced.
“Sounds good to me,” Seth said. “I don’t want to be smellin’ crap all the time.” He sniffed. “Actually, I think it’s getting better. When we were all scared, I could smell somethin’ weird. Now it’s changed – a bit sweeter.” He scratched his head.
“Maybe you can smell fear and joy and all that shite.” Kieran reached over and grabbed the pitcher. He shook the empty jug and glanced behind him. “Where’s our waitress?”
I looked around. The college guys were gone, and Abigail probably went out to have a smoke break.
A sharp intake of breath beside me made the hair on the back of my neck spring up. Zoe grabbed my arm with a vice-like grip.
Don’t be hurt. “What’s wrong?” I asked.
Color drained from her face and her lips trembled. One shaky finger tugged at her earlobe. “Abi’s in trouble.”



Chapter 7
Zoe

Get away. Leave me alone! Abi’s cries rang inside my ears.
Grab her. Shut her up, dammit. A male voice hissed. One of the college kids playing pool! Earlier Seth had referred to him as Dipshit.
My heart hammered against my chest. As my skin froze, I didn’t think I could move if I tried. My brain had to process the thought of speaking. I wished I could turn my ears off to stop the sounds from another room in PHP.
“Ow! That’s some grip.” Brent shifted slightly away, and I realized I had his arm crushed between my fingers. I managed to release my grip -- only to bring my hands to cover my mouth in horror.
“What’s wrong, Zoe?” Brent’s voice bellowed against my eardrum.
“You don’t have to shout.” I frowned, trying to focus on what was going on around me. The far-off voices kept pulling me back.
Brent leaned back, surprised. “I didn’t. I whispered.”
Pressing my palms hard against the table, I shot up. I could barely choke out the words. “A-Abi’s h-hurt…but they’re p-planning something worse.”
“Who are?” Kieran touched my shoulder. His hand warm on my frozen skin. “Where?”
“I can hear them.”
“Who?” Kieran repeated, more urgently this time.
I chewed my lip, paranoid they might be able to hear me. “Those college guys,’ I whispered.
Seth slid out of the booth, faster than I thought possible. I watched, dazed. He sniffed the air around him. “Those bastards.” He punched a fist into his other hand. “I can smell their stinkin’ lust. It reaks.”
Rylee stood. “You can hear them, and they’re not even in the room? And Seth can smell them?” She squinted and stared across the room. “They’re not here. Only empty beer bottles where they were playing pool.
Brent started pushing Heidi and me out of the booth. “We’ve got to help her.”
“Why?” Rylee said. “How about the girls stay here and call the cops. You boys go be heroes.”
“Uh-uh. All of us, together.” Kieran said firmly, then looked at me. “D’you got your cell? Call the cops while we’re looking for them.” He grabbed a pool queue and broke it in half across his knee.
I stared at him in surprise.
Me first.
No way! I’ll break her in.
No way, dude. You made her ugly, so you go last.
Fuck off!
I hunched over and covered my ears, wishing I could block the college jerks talking and laughing over Ali’s whimpering. Being forced to listen to something so purely evil shook me to the core
Shut up, asshole! You’re too wasted to get it up. This bitch is mine.
I cringed at the sound of a zipper, followed the sickening noise of clothes ripping.
Ow! Bitch just bit me!
Flip her over. That way she can’t bite or kick.
Enough! We had to stop this. If it were me…I couldn’t finish the thought. I grabbed the closest hand and started pulling. “We’ve got to find Ali. They’re gonna rape her. She’s somewhere inside here.”
“Let’s go.” Kieran pulled me behind him. It was his hand I’d grabbed. He stepped back to let Brent lead the way. Heidi pulled her phone out and began dialling nine-one-one.
Terrified about what we were going to find, but horrified about what would happen if we did nothing, I followed beside Kieran still holding his hand. They’re just college guys…who will probably kick our asses. But at least then Ali would be safe.
Brent began touching walls, pausing a mere moment at each room.
When he stumbled, Rylee hissed, “Geez, Brent. Tie your shoelace. You’re not four.”
Just like Rylee to think about anything but what’s really going one.
Brent ignored her and with his hand, motioned me to stand beside him. I left the warmth of Kieran’s hand and slipped ahead. Seth moved in behind me.
“Are their voices getting louder?” He talked barely above a whisper, but I could hear him clearly.
I cocked my head and closed my eyes. Their voices were crystal clear, but I couldn’t tell if we were any closer. “I don’t know.” My eyes welled so I blinked rapidly. Useless! I can hear them, but can’t find them? I wished we were anywhere but here. “Can you see anything, Rylee? Or Seth, is their smell any stronger?”
Seth grunted. “I smell them alright, but it ain’t helping none.”
Rylee shook her head. “I can’t see though walls.”
Brent continued walking and tripped on his untied lace again. His hands flew out to catch himself. He shot up faster than a jackrabbit. His voice shook as he spoke, “They’re below us. We’ve got to hurry!”
Kieran ran in front of us. He did a three-sixty then pointed the broken pool cue to a barely-noticeable handle on the wall. “There.”
“You sure?” Heidi shuttered to a stop.
Kieran shrugged, pressing forward and grabbing the handle. “No. Just a gut f-fe…a guess.” He pulled the handle, but nothing happened.
“I don’t know how I missed seeing it.” Rylee spoke quietly behind me. “Push, not pull.”
Kieran pushed. The door opened a crack and slammed back shut. He nodded at Seth and together they rammed their shoulders against it.
“Ow! Hey!” A guy wedged behind the open door shouted. “What the f--”
Kieran cut the guy’s words off with his fist. He slumped behind the door, his legs sprawled out.
The temperature began to drop as I lead the girls behind Kieran, Brent, and Seth down the dark steps toward the light in the basement. Kegs of beer, cases of wine, massive bags of potatoes lay stacked against the walls as we stepped further in.
Skinny, Dipstick and Bleach-head’s voices screamed in my head. Soon they were loud enough the others could also hear them.
Don’t let go of her leg, idiot. I plan on having a taste of this sweet thing.
Shit! Did you hear something?
Runny scaredy-pants. Try the concrete step over there by the stacked kegs. Take one of them to the care while you’re at it. I’m going to show this girl what a real man feels like.
Brent and Seth leapt off the rest of the stairs.
Rounding a stack of beer kegs, we saw Abigail on the floor, her head away from us, and her skirt thrown over her back with her pale butt cheeks smudge with dirty hand prints. She flailed and twisted, kicking one leg like an enraged donkey. Her other leg was trapped by Dipstick.
I couldn’t see Abigail’s face some spotty ass had his pants around his ankles. The boy who thinks he’s a damn man. Gasps from Heidi and Rylee whirled like tornadoes in my ears.
Kieran raised the pool cue and hammered the half-naked guy across the back of his head. He fell on the ground, not moving.
Brent went after Dipstick, who still held Abi’s leg. Seth knocked out the skinny guy running for the loading dock door. Brent didn’t have it so lucky. His opponent grabbed a bottle of wine and slammed it against a pillar. The red wine dripped onto the concrete like blood from a severed artery. He slashed the jagged edges in the air close by Brent’s face. Brent ducked and stepped back. The guy swaggered towards him, an ugly sneer on his face. He swung again and Brent bent forward, diving for the guys legs. The bottle went flying and crashed against a keg. As they tumbled to the ground, Seth grabbed Dipstick’s arms and pinned them behind his back. He thrashed around like an upside down bug.
“You smell like ass.” Seth pulled the guy’s arm tighter and turned his head away. He leaned toward the spilled bottle of wine, taking deep breaths.
Abigail scrambled away from the fighting bodies and broken glass. She pushed her skirt down and hid behind me and Rylee, sobbing with her head in her hands. “Thank-you, thank-you, thank-you,” she mumbled repeatedly between sobs and hiccups.
Heidi had her phone out, shouting at the police. We’re getting to be regulars with the emergency departments First the mine, now this. Jeez.
I turned around and put my arms around Abi. The tiny waitress stared up with eyes large and shocked. Her terrified, dirty tear-streaked face burned an image into my mind. Never again. We can’t let this happen ever again. She fell against my shoulder, sobbing uncontrollably.
Kieran stepped over the unconscious guy and gave him a kick in the gut. He walked over to the group struggling on the floor. He jabbed the broken end of the pole cue against Dipstick’s neck. Bright red blood began running and staining his white shirt. The guy’s heart rate exploded into a rapid rhythm.
I held my breath. We all did.
Kieran hissed, his head close enough so only Dipstick could hear…and me. “Give up, or I’ll shove this up yer ass ’n pull it out the other end.” The tone and venom in Kieran’s voice scared the crap out of me. College dude went limp. Kieran straightened. “Funny ’ow things change when yer on the other end, eh?”
The bleach-blonde, his pants still around his ankles moaned and pushed himself onto his knees. “What the hell? You freakin’ high school pricks think,” he paused to cough blood and something white flew out of his mouth. A tooth? “I’m gonna kill all of you and then piss—” Without a second thought, I grabbed an almost empty bag of potatoes and swung. The distinct thunk against his head and back felt gratifying. He fell face first into the dirt floor, unconscious again.
I looked at Skinny. He sat huddled in the corner, hugging his knees, his eyes bloodshot and terrified.
“The guy by the door?” Seth called out.
Rylee turned around, and stared up the darkened stairs. “He must’ve taken off. I was watching him—”
“You can see in the dark?” Seth asked.
“Yeah. He was there a second ago when I checked, barely moving. I turned when Zoe slammed the guy with the diddlydee potatoes.”
About to ask her what the heck she meant, I saw the brand label on the bag. Diddlydee’s? Figures. A car door slamming and engine revving distracted my train of thought. I held my breath and focuses on my ears. The guy from behind the door. His car pulled out and my ears had no trouble catching the sound of squealing tires. “He’s gone.” Sirens. The police are coming.” I shivered, either from the dampness of the basement or the horrific scene around me. I didn’t know which.

“What did you say happened, um…” The policeman flipped back a page in his little notebook. “Kieran?”
Kieran shifted and shoved his hands into his jean pockets. “Those college guys were drunk when we got ‘ere. The waitress seemed uncomfortable and…and when Heidi didna see her and those losers disappeared. We got paranoid an’ decided ta check if everything was alright.”
Brent stepped forward. “We saw the door to cellar open and heard Abi’s cries.” He shrugged. “We did what we had to do.”
“The door was open?” The policeman’s eyebrows shot up. “It’s got an automatic shut-release.”
Oh no. How’re we going to explain this? I heard everyone of my friend’s heart rates speed up.
Seth laughed. “No shit?” He coughed. “Sorry. I just meant those dudes must’ve broke it.”
The policeman crossed his arms over his massive chest. “It’s just surprising you heard them and noticed everything going on. It’s very keen for…for—”
“For a bunch of high school kids?” Kieran finished. Nice one!
The policeman closed his pad, having the decency to look embarrassed. “If we need any more information, we’ll contact you.”
After the police left, Max set us up with on-the-house hot chocolates. He thanked us profusely for protecting Abi and his bar. We sat in the same booth again, sipping from our mugs.
“Could use a beer, instead,” Seth muttered. He sat between Heidi and Rylee, swirling the dark liquid with a spoon.
“Me, too.” Kieran sat beside me, Brent on the other side.
“I can’t believe that just happened.” Rylee rubbed her eyes. “My folks are never gonna let me out of the house again.”
“Tonight was probably just a fluke. Nothing ever happens in this town. What are the chances?” Brent reached over and patted her hand.
“I don’t agree …” Seth spoke slowly, twirling the liquid in his mug. “I…I think we’ve an obligation here.” His face serious. “We’ve got these super-natural senses now. I think we need to do something. You know, like train and focus.” He grinned, his typical Seth grin. “Own them.”
“Until they wear off,” Heidi said.
“Will they?” I asked. Part of me hoped it’d happen tonight. Another part for some strange, crazy reason didn’t want it to ever wear off.
“Yer jokin’, right?” Kieran looked around the table at all of us, his eyes finally settling on Seth. His eyebrows mashed together. I followed his gaze. “You wan’ ta do this again?”
“I’m serious.” Seth straightened, his knees bumping on the underside of the table. “No one knows we’ve got these skills. We could be…heroes.”
“You read too many comic books,” Brent said.
“We could train, and get outfits –”
“Costumes, you mean.” Rylee laughed.
“I’m not wearing spandex.” Heidi smiled for the first time this evening. “It’ll be bagging on me no matter what size.”
“I’m serious, guys. We --” Seth set his mouth in a tight line when Max walked over to our table.
“I’d like to thank you again.” Max’s eyes glistened. “Anytime you come in, the food’s on me. I can’t believe you got to her in time.” Max wiped his hands on his apron. “Of all nights I leave the bar for half an hour. I make it back just as the cops are pulling in.”
Nobody spoke. It seemed we couldn’t meet each other’s gazes. The silence began to get uncomfortable. I could hear all our bodys shifting and bumping into each other erratically. Somebody needed to say something.
“Th-Thanks, M-Max,” I stuttered. “We…We just saw Abi go down the hall and those guys following her. It didn’t seem right.” I hoped the excuse worked. I didn’t want special attention because of this. Abi’s shattered face flashed before my mind. Maybe Seth has a point. I definitely didn’t want that to happen to someone else.
“If you hadn’t been here…” Max heaved an enormous breath out. “I don’t know what would’ve happened. You saved the day.” He shook his head as he collected our mugs and returned to the bar.
Seth leaned forward. “See. We are heroes. Tomorrow we need to start training. Then everyday after school.”
“How’re going to train? We blind fold you and make you smell things? I do taste testing?” Heidi said.
“No. We gotta learn to focus and zone in on it. It’s bigger than just one sense for each of us. Wayyyy bigger.”
“Where will we train that nobody in this town is gonna ask what the heck we’re doing? It’s not like we can hide all us.” Rylee shrugged and shook her head.
“Back at the mine?” Seth asked.
“No!” I jerked by the volume of my voice inside my head. “You couldn’t drag me back in there. I’m not going inside there ever again.”
“How ‘bout my place?” Brent said softly. “We’ve got a basketball court outside and the gymnasium inside. My folks’ll never care. Shoot, my dad only built the thing so he could have some charity fundraiser once a year. He’s got offices in the back but nobody but me and Nate go in the gym now.”
No one spoke. I heard everyone agree simply by their body language.
“It’s settled then,” Seth said. “Tomorrow afternoon, at two. Forget saving the day, we’re gonna save the world.”



Chapter 8

The radar sense of my hearing seemed to sharpen at night. It kept me waking constantly. One minute I’d bolt up, terrified by someone moaning and then gag when I realized it came from the neighbour’s wife with her husband. Ick! Disgusting! Several deep breathes to slow my racing heart couldn’t erase the image forming in my mind. Just when I managed to drift back to sleep, a car screeching, or a diesel truck flew by. Sirens, horns, animals, laughter, crying, all of it kept me from sleeping. Ear plugs didn’t help, nothing did.
Screw saving people. After a night of no sleep, I was more interested in killing them for some peace and quiet. By lunch time I couldn’t wait to head to Brent’s -- anything to work of the crazy jitters and figure out a way to get my hearing to focus less. I sent Seth a text and offered to pick him, silly to drive two cars when I went right by his place.
I pulled in Seth’s driveway and killed the ignition. Slamming the Volkswagen’s door, I grimaced at the rusty creaking of its hinges. As I turned to walk up the drive,
a motorbike parked near the house made me pause. Whose is that? Seth’s dad definitely didn’t ride, but it wouldn’t surprise me if his mom had taken up a new hobby. I grinned. She struck me as one tough woman. If I ever had kids, I hoped to be just like her.
Seth stepped out of the two-storey house and onto the covered porch. “Hey!” he hollered, or so it seemed to me. Resting his hands on the railing he leaned over.
“Your mom buy a bike?” I asked, stopping at the bottom of the stairs.
A deep laugh erupted behind him. I tried to catch a glimpse of whoever sat on the cedar chair. It was impossible to see because of the brick pillar and Seth’s big muscle body. The laugh made my stomach twist and flip. It echoed against my head making my body tingle and warm. Weird.
“Yer mum would ride a bike?” Kieran laughed again. He appeared at the top of the steps wearing a white tee shirt and a pair of shorts with a Scottish logo near the bottom. He stood two steps above me so the Rangers Football Club emblem hit me eye level.
“Probably,” Seth scoffed, “after she sees yours. Wanna know where she is today?” He rolled his eyes at me. “Bungee jumping! What forty-five year old woman does that?” He tried to sound embarrassed but the right side of his mouth turned up and he pretended to stare off at nothing to show indifference.
I knew him too well, he loved him mom and her sense of adventure. “What’d your dad say?”
“He’s video taping it!”
As Seth rambled on and walked past us towards the car, Kieran winked at me.
I smiled back. He totally gets it.
“My car’s a bit of an antique.” I pointed to the Bug, like I should apologize for her. The yellow paint and rust blended in so well together now, you couldn’t tell where one ended and the other began. It looked like a tree in Autumn, and I still loved it.
“Yer parents buy it fer you?” He strolled beside me, his knuckles brushed against my hand as our arms swung with walking.
“Nope.” Momentarily distracted by his touch, I stuttered, “I-I bought it with money saved from a paper route I’d had since I was, like, ten. After passing my driver’s license, my dad took me to this old farm out of the city and I paid cash for her.” I patted the hood, unable to hide the pride in my voice and or to stop myself from babbling. “I know it’s kinda old.”
“It’s eclectic,” he said.
My heart swelled. Cute and a sense of humour. I realized I was staring when Kieran’s heart shifted it’s rhythm. “So…anything going on with you? You know…with the sensation-thing?”
He shook his head. “Nothing, but it’s okay. I’m here ta watch, and cheer you on. I’m yer biggest fan.” He rubbed his shoulder against mine. “I’ll be your guys’ groupie.”
“You comin’ or what?” Seth stood behind the open passenger door, one leg already inside the car. “I call shotgun.”
Kieran crawled into the back behind the driver’s seat. I hopped in and started the engine. I shoved the stick shift into reverse and popped the clutch. Our eyes met in the review mirror as I backed out the driveway. He was smoking-hot. I loved his slightly messy dark hair that my fingers begged to let me run themselves through it. Thin and soft, but any girl knew there had to be power behind them.
I made a mental effort to focus back on the road, wondering if Kieran or Seth could hear my thoughts. They seemed to shout so blatantly inside my mind. Crap, I probably had a neon sign above my head: “I’m hot for the Scot.”
“Brent’s place is perfect,” Seth said, interrupting my thoughts. He threw his arm over my seat and turned back to look at Kieran. “His folks are loaded. His granddad left a crap-load of money to his dad. Actually, I think he left a crazy amount to Brent and his brother, Nate, as well. Anyway, his dad’s some kind of genius and invested the money to make a shit-load more. I think they use hundred dollar bills to line their coffee filter every morning.”
Kieran laughed. “I’ll check the toilet paper roll while I’m there, as well.”
Appalled to hear Seth talk like that about Brent, I threw him a dirty look and thrust my hand out and thumped him across the chest. “He’s your best bud, and you dis him?”
“Hey!” Seth blocked his upper body with his arms, expecting me to hit him again. “I was braggin’. Brent’s totally cool. He doesn’t act like big money.” He turned again to Kieran. “I can’t say it doesn’t suck being his buddy, though. Dude’s always footin’ the bill, always got my back. The only other thing he spends money on is his guitar collection.”
I glanced at the review after turning into Brent’s long driveway. “He’s an awesome guitar player. He’s played at PHP a couple times.”
“Cool.” Kieran turned his head to the window and whistled. “Nice pad.”
The huge red brick house sat on too many acres to count. It was one of those monstrous old, estates Brent’s dad had moved from somewhere near Niagara Falls and brought here. The entire thing had been redone, with an awesome white porch you wished you had, except it would never fit on your own house.
Whenever I stepped inside, I couldn’t believe the massive size of each room, with twenty foot ceilings, walnut floors and working fireplaces in, like, every room. Brent’s mom liked antique stuff so she’d filled the house with old and new. It looked pretty cool, but I doubt Brent and his brother ever got to run or play inside.
“His mom’s a fashion designer,” I told Kieran. “She wants Brent to have our grad party here. He only agreed, if it’s in the gym. He’s,” I shot Seth a warning glare, “not into showing off, but would do anything for his mom.” Brent was a really sweet guy, and always had my back. So I returned the favour.
“Wait till you see this billion dollar gym. It’s freakin’ aw—”
I nailed Seth again in the chest, harder this time.
“Okay!” He held his hands up in surrender. “Just make this bug crawl a bit faster and pull around back.”
I drove to the end of the drive and parked the car in the lot at the side of the gym. This place is totally brag-worthy. Massive, with an NBA sized basketball court, a weight room that made any gym seem cheap, ten person sauna, and probably more I’d never noticed. It put the only school in town’s gymnasium to shame.
Brent stood outside with his back against the brick. When I stopped he strolled over and put his hand on the bug. His fingers were spread wide, his brows scrunched together in concentration. He’d touch the car, pull his hand away and then touch it again – from one end of my little car to the other.
“Sheesh, Zoe.” He chuckled. “You got trash in your front trunk, crap under the driver’s seat and I think there’s a mouldy sandwich.”
Seth laughed. “What feel-boy? You can’t see it clear enough? I can sure smell it.”
Brent kept a straight face. “Things so mouldy I can’t tell if its food or if it’s your mother’s underwear from last time I took her out for a drive.”
Kieran and I died laughing. “That…is disgusting!” I choked out.
Seth swung his door open and set his long legs on the pavement. He stood and stretched, inhaling deeply. “Smells like money,” he mumbled. I heard him clear as day. He pointed to Brent. “I’m gonna let that one slide only ‘cause I know I’ll kick your ass when we get inside.” He grinned and crossed his arms over his chest.
I jumped out and swung my worn seat against the wheel, grabbing it just before it hit the horn. For a little old car, my horn blasted like a semi-truck’s. Not so good for the elephant-ear girl.
Kieran brushed against me as he squeezed by. “Ta.”
I fought to control myself. One word and I’m mush?
“T-The girls here, yet?” I asked Brent trying to distract myself.
He tipped his head back. “Yeah, they’re playing around in the gym. Rylee’s built some wicked obstacle course. She got all excited when she found the storage room with the gymnastic equipment.”
“Awesome!” Seth slammed his door. “What have they all done?”
“They kicked me out.” Brent shrugged. “Said they wanted to surprise us.”
“Did you peek?” I lightly tapped his wrist with my finger.
Brent pretended to stare up at the sky. I tapped harder. “Maybe a couple of times.” He laughed. “Come on, aren’t you loving the skills?”
“Yeah!” Seth bellowed. “This is going to be amazing!”
“I don’t get how doing exercise is going to change things?” Kieran asked.
“It’s not the working out.” Seth flexed. “But it does help with attracting the ladies.” He relaxed his stance when he caught my glare. “Watch us on the stuff and see what happens. Let’s go! No time like the present to change the world.” He ran over to the door, disappearing behind it.
We followed, but at a slightly less neck-breaking speed.
“Any changes, Kieran?” Brent asked.
“I wish.” Kieran sighed. “It’s daft but I got nothing.”
I loved the bounce of Kieran’s words as he spoke. Imagine having his voice on the radio. I’d listen to it all night long. Shame I had to listen to annoying humming sounds from inside the building and every bird and animal in a five mile radius along with Kieran’s accent. Nearly walking into the door, I caught myself just in time. Nobody notice, please. Inside, I blinked, my eyes adjusting to the gym. My ears picked up strange building noises immediately. The purr of the fans, the whirring of the electrical power to the lights, an air conditioner…everything I’d heard outside, only louder now.
Rylee came running over to hug each of us. “I got a little carried away.” She pointed behind her. “If Brent’s dad doesn’t care, we could keep this up for a while and practice our skills here.”
Brent shrugged. “Not a problem.”
“How long’ve you been here?” I asked. She’d hung climbing ropes, built an obstacle course, gymnast spring mats at one side, a punching bag and some other hitting bag beside. Rylee pushed a red button on a remote in her hand and the Rocky soundtrack started blaring out of the speakers. I jerked in surprise.
“Too loud?” She mouthed and hit the volume button down a tiny bit. “Better?”
“Sorta.” I walked towards the wall console and manually turned it a few more notches down. Rylee went over to Seth and began talking excitedly, pointing at all the equipment. In one corner, Rylee had erected a twenty foot pole diagonally into the air with stacked blocks and a ladder. Not lookin’ too stable. I stared, wondering what the heck she planned on having us do with it. Heidi sat stretching on the blue mats.
Seth clapped his hands loudly together. “It’s time to turn ourselves into superheroes.”
We all laughed, Kieran loudest of all. “What’s yer plan?”
Seth’s face remained serious. “We’ve got these super senses. They’re going to make our physical attributes stronger, as well.”
Heidi patted him on the back, and teased, “Wow! Three syllables. I think that’s the biggest word you’ve ever used.”
Seth beamed as he elbowed Heidi. She had to jump out of the way or fall over. “See, it’s working already. I’m getting smarter as we speak.”
Brent and I looked at each other and rolled our eyes.
“I saw that,” Seth said, but I could hear there was no anger in his voice.
“How d’you figure? That yer sense are going ta make you stronger?” Kieran leaned against a wall, his arms tucked snugly against his chest.
“Let me show you.” Seth stepped forward and grabbed one of the long, thick ropes hanging from the ceiling.
Heidi wrinkled her nose and coughed. “Not to be the kid with the photographic memory,” she said, “but these super senses might interfere with physical prowess because of the endocrine system’s reaction to the heightened stimuli. Like a disproportionate overload, and,” her eyes flitted over each of us, “Oh, never mind.”
We all stared, open-mouthed.
“I’m just guessing.” She grinned, probably because she’d grown used to our confused faces. “So, where do we start?”
“Everywhere…Anywhere,” Seth replied. “Pick a station and start.” He pointed to his right. “Try the rock climbing wall and see how easy it’ll be for you, now. Or have a go at the punching bag…whatever.” One hand still on the rope, he reached above it with his other hand and began climbing. In a flash he reached the top, grinned down at us, and swung his body to move the rope back and forth. In reach of the adjacent rope, he grabbed it with a free hand. What the --? How’d he do that so fast? He slid down the two, one hand on each side, his feet set so the ropes slid around his ankles. When he dropped to the ground he laughed. “See? Easy as pie.”
“I don’t believe you.” I walked over and grabbed his wrists. “You’ve got to have blisters and rope burn from sliding like that.” Flipping his hands over so the palms where up, I stared in amazement. Nothing. No burn, or redness, nothing.
He held a rope out to me. “Try it.”
“I can’t climb up there. I can’t even do a chin up.” I grabbed his hand and looked at it again. “You’re hands are probably used to this so it didn’t hurt them.”
“They’ll start hurting, but it takes longer than normal. I’ve been doing some stuff at the park since the night at the mine. The crazy-strong smell thing stinks, but the stuff that comes with it…you gotta try it to believe it.” Seth started up the rope again. He had tanks for biceps, but it looked like an invisible line pulled him up.
Super-strong boy can kiss my butt. Still curious, I walked over to the boxing bag. I rubbed the back of my neck, not sure how to hit the thing. This is stupid. Seth probably planned some stupid joke.
Ticked, my fingers curled and sucked my breath in. I could hear the others trying their stations. Rylee talking under her breath and wondering if Kieran had his eyes on her. Heidi talking quietly to Brent about this idea being a shot in the dark.
Seth’s face. My fist shot out and hit the bag, pretending to punch him. It squeaked back and forth in protest. I punched it again and tried doing that thing Rocky does in his movies. Hit, hit, hititty hit. Shocked, I managed to hit it dead center every time. Take that Mr. Balboa.
As it swung on its little lever, a sound resonated against my ears. My head tilted to the side and I squinted.
A noise so unique it changed the way I heard things – the way I processed sound – forever.
My fist continued striking the bag as fast as it could, but the bag itself moved in slow motion. Or so it seemed. Exhaling the breath I didn’t know I’d been holding, I tried alternating both hands and let it rip. I never missed. Totally awesome.
My knuckles felt as if they were starting to split but I wanted to keep going. When my arms began to weigh a hundred pounds each but the muscles had turn to Jell-O, I knew I needed a break. Jell-O now, tomorrow they’re going to be lead. I let them drop to their sides.
“Guys, are you getting the same reaction as I’m getting?” Brent called out. “It’s weird and totally amazing.”
“I-I think so,” I said and moved to a station where Rylee had made some laser-thing with ropes. Each rope had a million little bells that probably sounded like sweet music to everyone ears but more like the bells of Notre Dame Cathedral while standing under the bell to me.
Heidi came over. “You need to figure out how to get through without touching the ropes and setting the chimes off.” She lightly tapped the rope closest to her barely making it moved.
Dull sounds of the metal resounded off the gentle shake of the ropes as they hung. Just figure a way to manoeuvre a way through. That’s all. I bent and lifted a leg to squeeze through the first two ropes closest to me. Over, under and keep my balance. No matter if I stand on one foot, a tippy-toe, or whatever -- focus on your center. Over, under, balance. Over…under…balance. “This one’s kinda fun,” I said and turned to Heidi to see if she wanted to try. I blinked in surprise. “How’d I get so far?”
Heidi grinned. “I was just about to ask you the same thing.”
Easy as pie. Strange for someone who’s only physical activity consisted of gym class and walking. I slipped through the last section, amazed the simple tension of the ropes made the little bells move in such a way it gave me a different line of vision. “Give it a try.”
Heidi took a deep breath and swallowed. She made it through the first two and ever so slightly rubbed her shoulder against the next rope. Barely a touch but the bells went off like a crazy house.
Covering my ears, I swung around. Waiting for the noise to turn manageable, I watched Rylee at the punching bag, Brent climbing some boxes, and Seth scratching his head. Each of them were grasping the same things I’d just realized. Everyone, but Kieran. He stood observing us, his mouth hung open.
“Hey! Watch this,” Brent shouted. He’d climbed up the boxes and then the wonky ladder by the pole Rylee had set up. After touching the pole with both hands a couple of times, he then stepped on the metal and suddenly slid all the way down – like he was surfing. He jumped off at the end and fist pumped. “Freakin’ amazing! Holy crap!”
If he can do it...While everyone hooted and ran over to ask him questions, I tightened my ponytail and crawled onto the boxes. On the rickety ladder my palms grew damp and I could feel sweat start along my hairline. Noise from all around bounced inside my head. Maybe this is a little too crazy. I paused near the final rung, unsure. The pole seemed pretty narrow, and it looked so shiny – almost slippery.
“Go for it,” Kieran murmured quietly.
I glanced down at him. He smiled and mouthed, “You can do it.” He must have realized I’d hear it.
Determined, I set my right foot onto the slim pole, leaning against the wall unable to move. I wiped my hands against the side of my pants. I couldn’t hear anything coming from the pole. No noise like I had heard from all the other equipment I’d tried. Lips pressed tight, I tried to think of something that might help. I stared down at my hands, my thumb playing with my high school ring on my right hand’s ring finger. An idea popped into my head.
Bending down I clapped the pole with my hands, letting my ring clang against the metal. Metal on metal. The pole vibrated and a shudder ran down its length. No one
even noticed. No one, but me.
The vibration created a rhythm and as I stared in disbelief, I could see the slight movement created a larger surface as it shook. Bigger equals better balance. Perfect – I hope. I hit it again, and jumped on before I lost my courage.
The rush was over before I wanted it to end, like being on a longboard going down a steep stairwell banister – No, wayyy better. Realistically the narrow pole was more like taunt tightrope but as I slid, it seemed more like the width of a sidewalk. It had been…easy. Too easy.
Comprehending what I’d accomplished, I stomped by feet and screamed, “Ewww!!”
The gang raced over laughing and cheering.
Not caring what anyone thought, I started dancing and singing. “I skated the po-ole. I’m on the edge of super, hanging on a skinny pole. I’m on the edge of hero. I’m on the edge—
“Oh no,” Rylee joked, covering her ears. “The happy dance is fine, but can you do it without the tone deaf Lady Ga-ga remix?”
Brent laughed and hopped beside me, bumping my hip as he joined in on the dance. “You’d think with her awesome hearing, she’d be able to carry a tune.” He winked at me. “Wanna do it again – at the same time? Race the pole?” He motioned to Kieran when I nodded. “Let’s make another pole. Zoe and I want to race.”
Kieran clapped his hands and walked over. “Pole skating, eh? You guys made it look effortless.” His gaze lingered a millisecond on me, making my heart flip flop. “Let’s make it more challenging.”
“Whatever you say, coach.” Rylee threw her hair back and laughed. “What do you have in mind?”
“Coach?” Kieran grinned. “I like it.” He leaned forward. “How ’bout we try the water tower?”








FREE SAMPLE
Courage Runs Red
Coming April 2014

Courage Runs Red

Book I

Blood Red Series

By

W.J. May


BOOK DESCRIPTION:

What if courage was your only option?

When Kallie lands a college interview with the city’s new hot-shot police officer, she has no idea everything in her life is about to change. The detective is young, handsome and seems to have an unnatural ability to stop the increasing local crime rate. Detective Liam’s particular interest in Kallie sends her heart and head stumbling over each other.

When a raging blood feud between vampires spills into her home, Kallie gets caught in the middle. Torn between love and family loyalty she must find the courage to fight what she fears the most and possibly risk everything, even if it means dying for those she loves.





Courage Runs Red
Copyright © 2013 by W. J. May

Cover Art and Cover Layout by Book Covers by Design




Chapter 1


One Dark and Stormy Night…
Heavy rain battered against the windshield. The massive drops ricocheted like bullets against the roof of the car, and the wipers were losing their battle to keep the front window clear. A gust swiped against the side of the car. Kallie’s vice grip on the steering wheel still could not stop the slight swerve the wind forced the car to do.
She had been driving already over a year, but just got her full license about two weeks ago. She knew how to drive, her Dad owned a trucking company and had let her drive tow-motors and skid steers since she turned ten. Good driver or not, no one should be driving in this sudden storm. Her too long bangs fell into her eyes and she tried futilely to blow them out. No way in hell was she taking a hand off the wheel to get them out of the way.
Her dad lay sleeping in the passenger seat beside her, oblivious to the storm. One of his dispatch had called in sick two days ago and then yesterday a driver had came down with the same stomach virus. He’d covered the dispatch’s desk and then opted to take the transport truck’s freight delivery of the sick guy himself. He had gone and done the twelve hour round trip drive with no rest, and then he still planned to be back in for work at seven.
When he got back to the office after parking the transport truck, he texted Kallie. She promised earlier to pick him up. It was Mom’s birthday today and he always made her breakfast in bed – his specialty, omelettes.
Kallie checked the time on the car’s digital clock, just after three thirty. When she had left about forty minutes ago, dark clouds covered the full moon and night sky but it had barely been raining. The storm blew in about the same time her dad had fallen asleep beside her. She suspected he had picked up the virus his workers had and she didn’t want to wake him.
Another strong gust of wind slapped the side of her little car. The Sunfire veered toward the curb and Kallie cringed as she drove through a massive puddle. The car hydroplaned and seemed unsure if it wanted to steer straight or spin. She let out the breath she had been holding when the wheels finally settled back on the asphalt.
She flipped the defrost on high to try and clear the glare from the windshield. It didn’t help fast enough so she squinted. The haze came from outside and trying to see more than ten feet in front of her seemed next to impossible. High beams were also useless. They just made the heavy rain look like shiny silver bullets and blocked any view through them.
Her dad snorted in his sleep and she glanced over at him. His head had fallen against the back of his seat and his mouth hung open slightly. She had no idea if he was wearing his seatbelt.
A strange scratch against the outside of the car made her jump. It brought her focus quickly back to the road. A twig must have blown and scraped the car.
Kallie strained to see if any tree branches or someone’s garbage cans may have blown onto the road. She huffed in frustration. They had to be close to their street now. Darn her folks for choosing to live just outside the city. Darn the city for not putting more lights on the long roads that led to her house.
She accelerated a tad when she noticed the red mailbox just up ahead. Their street was about two minutes up the road. Easy peasy. Almost home.
Less worried, she thought about her warm cozy bed and couldn’t wait to crawl under the covers and go back to sleep. Tomorrow was Saturday so no school. Maybe her mom wanted to go shopping.
Lost slightly in thought, Kallie didn’t see the figure crossing the street until it was almost too late. The dummy wore a dark hooded top and no reflector stuff. Kallie swerved hard to the right and felt her dad’s side of the car go up on the curb. Puddles sprayed the underside and made an eerie, hollow banging noise against the bottom of the car. The concrete sidewalk was slippery and the car started to hydroplane again.
Kallie bit back a scream when the car stalled out and she lost powered steering. Pressing the breaks she felt the car fishtail and almost as if in slow motion, she turned to see the bright eyes of the stranger watching her fiasco. In the glare of her lights, his eyes looked the weird red, like when you take a picture and the flash catches your retina. It was a strange thought at a terrifying moment like this.
Still skidding, she tried pumping the gas and turning the key to get the car started again.
The nightmare drive had no intention of ending. The car continued its spinning course. When the engine suddenly kicked back on, the Sunfire lurched forward and Kallie tried to swerve away from a parked car. The passenger front end clipped the parked car and as the wheel spun with a mind of its own, Kallie knew she’d lost complete control. They were going to flip. She tried to brace her hands against the ceiling and screamed.
Over and over she screamed; as they tipped, as her dad crashed against the windshield, as a horrible cracking sound filled the inside of the small car, as the car picked up momentum from the small grade hill. Her screams were muffled when the air bag burst free from the steering wheel. She had no idea how many times the car rolled over and over. It felt like it would never stop.
Abruptly, part of the front and side the car slammed into a large hundred-year old oak tree. Only then did her screaming stop.
Everything around her crashed into blackness.






Chapter 2


Two years later…
Kallie gripped the straps of her backpack as she jogged up the long set of concrete steps to the police station. She pulled her bag tight so it would not bounce against her back. With her luck, the loaner camera she got from her college photo class would flip on, or record itself jostling against her notebook or worse, have the battery die. Great first impression.
At the top of the stairs she slowed to a walk and pulled her long blonde ponytail tight. How she landed an interview with this hot-shot rookie RCMP guy was news worthy – probably more than the interview itself. This guy had managed to crack a bunch of unsolved murders and elude the real press. She shook her head. Just a first year college student who wanted to get into journalism, she hadn’t jumped though any hoops to get the interview.
It had been quite easy actually. She found Detective Liam Steel’s email on the RCMP website and asked to interview him for her school paper. When his email address showed up in her inbox an hour later, she figured he was politely declining. Instead, he had agreed and asked what evening would work for her. Hands shaking with excitement, she replied and nearly misspelled the single sentence: Thursday night would be perfect. For once auto-correct worked in her favour.
Now outside the doors to the police station, she checked her reflection in the glass with the remaining rays of the setting sun; hair in place, make up didn’t look smudged and her clothes were decent. She grabbed the long handle with one hand and at the same time slipped her iPod into the side of her backpack. Cool air blew against her as she stepped inside. The humidity made outside feel like a hundred degrees, and the smog from the city traffic didn’t help alleviate any of the hot thickness. The marble floor and constant run air conditioning inside the station made goose bumps appear on her arms. She shouldn’t have worn a tank top. At least her long striped skirt seemed to agree with whatever temperature man – or nature – threw at it.
Evening at night, the lobby bustled with activity. Men and women in uniform strode purposely down the hall or through doors while tired looking people paced or sat on red leather chairs. What or who they were waiting drew Kallie’s curiosity. Maybe they were waiting for their robbing son to finish his court case, or maybe they were the people who were robbed and were waiting to talk to a police office.
Someone’s watch beeped reminding Kallie she should have been here a bit earlier. She walked over to a reception ling and stood by the “Wait To Be Called” sign.
“Step forward, ma’am.”
Did all police officers sound so formal? Kallie cleared her throat as she went to the receptionist whose bun seemed so tight the woman’s eyebrows were stuck halfway on her forehead. Kallie tried not to stare at them. “I’m here to see Detective Steel.” She cleared her throat a second time.
Bun lady’s eyebrows shot up another notch. “Really? What for?” She clicked through a few screens on her computer. “Name?”
“Kallie Matheson. I ha—”
“I.D. please.” The receptionist cut her off.
Kallie slipped a strap of her shoulder and unzipped her backpack. She pulled her wallet out and handed the woman her driver’s licence. She covered the odd pair of scars on top of her wrist with her free hand. They were faded but the pink jagged spots reminded her of drug needles. She wasn’t a druggy, she’d never tried anything stronger than ibuprofen, but other people always commented on them. It made her uncomfortable and now at the police station, she seemed more aware of them.
“Go down the hall all the way to the end. There’s a set of stairs. Third floor, go right to the very end, last door on the right is the detective’s office.” Oblivious to Kallie’s discomfort, the secretary handed Kallie her drivers licence back, along with a visitor’s badge. “Wear the pass so the officers can see it, don’t stuff it in your bag.”
“Okay. So hall, stairs, third floor, right and right at the end.” She slipped the pass over her head and made sure her name lay face up. “Thank-you.” Even bitter-bun lady deserved a teeny bit of politeness. “Have a nice day.”
She race-walked down the hall and jogged up the steps, repeating the direction pattern under her breath until she reached a wooden door containing a brass plaque with Dt. L. Steel on it.
About to knock, butterflies had somehow managed to find their way into her stomach and throw a hip hop party. She wiped the palms of her hands against her skirt and took a deep breath. “It’s just an interview,” she muttered. Except what if her questions sucked? What if the guy didn’t have anything to say? He refused to talk to any of the big national papers so what if this was some kind of joke?
Chuckling sounds distracted Kallie from her thoughts. A deep, slightly sexy-slightly muffled voice called from behind the door, “You coming in, or just going to stand there all night?”
Kallie blinked and glanced above the door expecting a security camera staring down at her. Nothing there but cream painted walls. Strange. She shrugged and reached for the doorknob turning it. She stepped inside, the heavy door swinging shut behind her.
The office had a musty smell. Four filing cabinets lined the side of the office with no windows, a large multi angled desk seemed to take up the rest of the space. Three computers sat spaced across the desk, stacks of folders and papers covered the rest of it. Kallie knew it was the same color as the hard wood floor only because of the ornate carved legs. No pictures on the walls, only the window with a view of the city lights below.
A guy not much older than Kallie stood by the table. He had one leg on the edge and was tying a grey sneaker. He wore baggy jeans, a sleeveless blue zip up jacket over a black tank top. Easy to see he worked out by the muscles covering his bare arms and cut shoulders. Short cropped dark hair continued down to the scruff of a five o’clock shadow. It gave him a sexy rough boy kind of look.
He lifted his foot of the table and turned to smile at Kallie, his bright grey-blue eyes making her lose all train of thought. She’d pretty much forgotten everything when she noticed him, but those pretty eyes distracted her brain all over again. Something in the back of her mind flickered but she failed to chase after the thought when he spoke.
“Hi.” He seemed amused by her staring.
“Ha-Hello.” She forced herself to look away and pretended to concentrate on the desk. “I’ve got a meeting with Detective Steel.” Maybe he was the intern. Wouldn’t that be awesome.
“Liam. Just Liam.”
“Okay. Is that what he prefers to be called?” She wondered if she should get her notepad out to go over her questions.
Cute boy smiled again. “He does.”
Kallie slipped her backpack off and set it on the other end of the table. “I’m Kallie.” She pulled out a notebook and the camera. “I’m supposed to interview Detective St—Liam. Is he here? Does he know I’m coming?”
“He is. And he does.” The silly grin appeared again. “How old are you, Kallie?”
“Nineteen.”
“You just started college this year?”
“Yeah.” She flipped her notepad open to the page she had written the list of questions on. She stared at the page, trying to focus on the questions and not the million of others she was wondering about the good looking stranger in front of her. “Are you in school?”
“Me?” He crossed his arms and leaned his bum against the table. Taunt muscles rippled without trying on his upper body. “I’m one of the nerdy guys. Graduated high school at fifteen. Crazy, I know. I enrolled in the police academy that summer and joined the RCMP two years ago.” He pressed his lips together and forced air out of his nose. “Kinda found my way up the ranks.”
Nerdy? Far from it. “Wow, how old are you?” She was willing to bet his story was way more interesting than Detective Steels.
“Nine—sorry, I’m twenty-one.” He swallowed and paused, then glanced down at her hands. “Do you need to write any of this down?”
“Uh, no. I’m good.” Twenty-one? He hardly looked older than she did. Smart young guy working as a cop already. Kallie straightened suddenly, her notepad slipping from her hands. It dropped to the floor with a resounding slap. “Wait a minute…You’re Detective Liam?”




Chapter 3


“Just Liam’s.” He grinned. “Detective makes me sound old.”
Kallie couldn’t stop staring. No news paper or internet article had bothered to mention the new RCMP on a hot streak was freakin’ hot. She shifted her weight and her left flip flop brushed against something thick on the floor. Her notepad. She quickly bent to retrieve it. “I’m so sorry.” Her face burned. She cursed inside her head for her body’s lack of control, for its inability to hide things she didn’t want others to see.
“Don’t apologize. I should have introduced myself.” He gave a small, cocky grin.
She blinked. He knew she hadn’t realized and had teased her.
“Kallie?” The detective reached for his phone nestled in the clip on his belt. His brows furred together as he scrolled through something. “Excuse me a moment.” His fingers tapped over his phone faster than anyone she’d ever seen before. He snorted and shook his head, then seemed to tap even faster.
Kallie turned in her seat and looked absently around the room. She didn’t want to be rude and the guy had police business to take care of. The one wall held a book case with some odd books and a couple of crystal trophies. A picture rested behind the desk, an old black and white photo of a barn and farm house. She squinted and realized she recognized the place. It was in a lot better shape in the picture but the barn wasn’t too far from where she lived.
“Alrightie,” Liam said. “You came here for an interview and I have about ten minutes. Duty calls.” He set his phone on the desk and leaned a hip against it. “What do you want to know?”
“I’ll be as quick as I can.” Kallie looked down at her list of questions and reached around her backpack for something to write with. “Thanks for letting me interview you. I know you don’t really like talking to the media.” She continued to search her bag.
He leaned over and handed her a pen. Delicious cologne wafted her way and she was tempted to close her eyes and inhale again. “What makes you think I don’t like to be interviewed?”
“There’s nothing about you in the papers. Or whatever is written is basically speculation and I’ve never come across a direct quote or a picture of you.”
“You’ve been cyber-stalking me?” He crossed his arms over his chest and smiled. “I’m kidding. What made you want to interview me?”
She tried to think of some witty comment but gave up and went with the truth. “I need a good mark in this class.”
“You’re not interested in the city’s crime or how to stop it?”
It was her turn to tease. “Isn’t that your job?” She grinned.
“Point taken. I guess it is.”
“Is that why you became a police man? To stop the bad guys? I mean, you graduated high school early and apparently have an off the wall I.Q. What not get into neuroscience or become a doctor?”
Liam shook his head. “Blood and I sort of have this love-hate relationship. What about you? You’re a bright girl, why are you getting into journalism instead of being a doctor?”

End of Excerpt – Courage Runs Red – COMING APRIL 2014
MORE BOOKS by W.J. MAY
















