Hell Unleashed (Guardians of the Planes: Book 1)

Andy Nadir
Copyright 2014 by Andy Nadir
Smashwords Edition
Credit for the original book idea goes to DJ. Thomson. I probably messed with it so badly you can barely tell it’s the same thing you originally had.
This book’s spectacular cover was made by Aven E. Chronicle. It’s some great cover art! You’re amazing!

All credit for this book goes directly to the one who gave me the ability to write it, God. I owe you everything. May reading this book be as fun as it was to write. 


Chapter One

“Leah! Connor is here! Get off the Nintendo already!”
“I’ve told you a million times! It’s an Xbox, not a Nintendo. Nintendos suck!” Leah replied.
“I thought you said crocs were lame!” Her dad yelled back.
“Stop screaming and answer the door!” Leah’s mom yelled in an equally loud voice.
Leah plugged the second controller into the Xbox, and ran to the door. 
She pulled it open, and Connor threw his arms around her. 
“Leah! How’s it going?” He grinned.
Connor waved his hand to Leah’s dad. “Hi Mr…”
“I told you to call me Chuck!” He cut him off.
Connor grinned sheepishly. “Sorry, I forgot. Hi Chuck!”
Chuck nodded, and walked out of the room.
 “C’mon! I have the Xbox set up already.” Leah said.
Connor hurried after Leah to the consol.
Leah pressed the power button, and the screen flickered to life. 
“What game do you wanna play?” Connor asked.
Leah shrugged. “What about a Left for Dead?”
“As good a game as any.” Connor replied.
Lei grabbed the game box and pulled the disk out. She slid the disc into the Xbox and the game started up. 
“Chuck, I’m going shopping. We’re out of milk and eggs.” Leah’s mom called to Chuck.
“Ok. Could you grab some bread as well? I just ate the last of it.” Chuck called.
“Mom wait! We’re coming too!”
Leah’s two sisters ran out of their rooms and threw their shoes on to catch up with their mother. 
Connor glanced at Leah. “Have they realized that they’re in their twenties and thirties yet?”
Leah snorted. “What does it look like?” She gestured to the door.
Connor turned his attention back to the console and chose two player from the menu.
“I’m going to win this time.” Connor stated.
“You wish.” Leah replied.
The screen flashed, and two characters appeared on the screen. Suddenly, the T.V. flickered and went dark.
Leah frowned. “What the heck?” She muttered.
She strode over to it, and pressed the reset button. When nothing happened, she shrugged.
“You look at it. I don’t see anything wrong with it.”
Connor peered at the television. “Maybe a power outage?” He suggested.
A moment later, the television flickered back on.
Leah glanced at Connor.
“Maybe someone wondered what “that” switch did.”
Connor shrugged. “Whatever. Let’s just play.”
The T.V. screen went static.
Leah stared at it.
“What now?”
“Attention citizens of the United States of America! There has been an outbreak of a new desise which…corrupts the minds and actions of citizens. Go lock your doors and windows, and wear masks if you have them. Do not allow anything outside in. We will get back to you shortly. Attention citizens of the…” The recording began to loop again.
Connor started laughing. “Man, that’s a pretty good joke. It almost had me. I didn’t know Left for Dead did that.”
Leah frowned. “I don’t think it does.”
Chuck ran into the room. 
“Leah, did you just get a broadcast message from the government on the T.V.?” He asked.
Leah nodded. “Yeah. Did you hear it?” She asked.
Chuck shook his head. “No, My IPhone rang and said it.”
Connor slowly put his controller down. 
“This is a pretty good prank.”
Chuck pulled his phone out and replayed the message.
Leah stood up, and pulled the window next to the T.V. shut and drew the curtains across it.
“Are you telling me you believe this?” Connor asked.
“I’m not sure. Does it hurt to play safe?” 
“Touché. But you realize this is pretty much a zombie outbreak?”
Chuck snorted. “Right. And I’m a zombie hunter.”
But nonetheless, he headed out of the room and began closing windows.
“What about your mom and sisters?” Connor asked.
Leah scratched her head. “I’m sure this is just a joke. But, they’re going to Costco. Zombies could never get in there. They would need a membership card.”
Connor chuckled. 
“Um…just in case… do you think we should pack some supplies?” Connor asked sheepishly.
Leah nodded. “It could be fun! Maybe we can raid the pantry while we do it!” 
Connor grinned and rushed to the kitchen, with Leah right behind him.
He pulled open the pantry doors, and began pulling out choice foods. Leah noted they were all unopened and were the ones that didn’t expire for years. She kept her mouth shut however, but did the same as he did.
Chuck showed up with three large backpacks, and placed them next to Leah and Connor.
He grunted and headed out of the kitchen.
Leah shivered. “This is a nasty prank.”
They filled the backpacks carefully, only taking up about one fourth of the space. 
“Sleeping bags?” Leah asked.
Connor shook his head. “Too big. What about sheets?” 
Leah nodded, and they headed to the closet. They pulled down a few sheets and an inflatable pillow.
 Connor stuffed a pump into the side pocket of his bag. 
Leah grabbed a lighter and put it in the pocket of hers.
They grabbed a few water bottles from the fridge, and stuffed those into the bags as well.
“What else could we possible need for a zombie outbreak?” Leah joked.
Chuck came into the room and tossed a large axe in the air. He caught it by the handle as it came down. 
“Weapons.”
His eyes looked dull, devoid of their usual sparkle.
“Dad? What’s wrong?” Leah asked.
He pulled his phone out and set it in front of them. A video began to play. 
A man was stumbling down a street. He looked drunk. He was so hunched over his hands could touch the floor with little effort from him.
He stumbled into a busy street, and started heading towards a jogger.
The jogger slowed down, and then stopped. The man was still staggering towards him.
The jogger moved to the edge of the sidewalk to allow the drunk man to pass.
When the drunk man reached the jogger, the video blurred and Chuck stopped it. He turned the IPhone off and put it in his pocket.
“It tears him to pieces.” He said after a long pause.
Connor choked on the cracker he was eating.
Chuck passed the hatchet to Connor. 
He pulled a long kitchen knife out of its holder and passed it to Leah along with a leather sheath. 
He reached into a pocket, and pulled out a small pistol. “Keep the safety on. If you need to…you know. Flip it off and pull the trigger. It’s close range, so don’t waste your bullets. You only have six.
He passed them a few magazines of bullets.
Connor wordlessly put the gun and magazines into the top of his backpack, and slid the axe into one of the straps on his jeans.
Leah stuck the knife into her backpack.
Chuck sighed. “There is a floating “hotel” of sorts for people who like archery and shooting. It’s north of here by about one hundred miles. It should be safe. I’m going to go get Nita and the others. You stay here.”
He pulled a map from his pocket and circled a dock. He then put an “x” a ways away from it. 
“Just in case. You’re the “x””
Leah gulped and took the map.
Chuck gave a pointed look to Connor and exited the house. The door locked with an audible click, and everything was silent.
Connor hugged Leah. “He’ll be fine.”
Leah nodded. “He better be.”

Chapter Two

Hours passed with no sound from Chuck. Connor and Leah frequently got up from the floor and checked the windows for him.
Connor peered around the curtains, and inhaled sharply.
“Dj”
She looked at him. “Is my dad back?”
Connor gulped. “No. That’s not your dad. I don’t think he drinks.”
He spun, and threw his backpack over his shoulders. 
“Come on! We have to move!”
Leah shook her head, and grabbed her backpack. She snatched the red marker that her dad had used on the map, and wrote on the table.
“Goin 2 hotl w/guns. Come quick”
She nodded. “Let’s go.
They ran to her back door, and quietly opened it. Connor unlocked her backyard gate, and grabbed a bike.
“Convenient.” He muttered.
He got into the seat, and he waved at the extended spots for a second passenger to stand. 
“Hold on tight.” He recommended.
Leah wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and he rode out of the back yard.
Leah got a good look at the zombie as they watched it stumble up the road. It didn’t seem any different than a drunk man.
Until a cat yowled at it, and the thing tore it to pieces within a second.
Connor choked, and sped up.
Leah lost track of time as they sped down the street. They had seen a few zombies since they had left, but nothing else.
“You think everyone is still in their houses?” Leah asked.
Connor inclined his head. 
The bike slowed down. 
“Connor?” 
He pushed the kickstand down, and got of the bike. Leah hopped off. 
“What?”
He waved at the bike. It had a flat tire, and the other was torn up.
Leah sighed. “Great. Thanks a lot!” She waved her hand in the air. 
“Leah, it probably isn’t a good idea to get mad at Him when he is pretty much our only hope.”
Leah groaned. “Do think anything will happen because I did that?” She asked sarcastically.
There was a long, drawn out moan.
Three zombies stumbled out of one of the backyards in front of them.
Leah took a step back. “Sorry! I didn’t mean it!” She whispered.
Connor quietly pulled his hatchet from its place. 
“Stay here.”
Leah glared at him. “Like he…er. Heck I will!”
She pulled the kitchen knife from her backpack. 
The zombies began advancing on them. 
There was a rustle.
The zombies moaned, and started running at Leah and Connor.
Connor choked. “Yep. We’re gonna die.”
There was a sudden flicker next to one of the zombies, and it’s head decided it wanted to be an airplane.
It flew off, and the headless zombie fell to the ground. 
A man jumped in front of Leah and Connor.
He stepped forward, and there was a silver blur in front of him. The zombies, only a foot in front of him, toppled to the ground, sliced into tuna container sized pieces.
He spat on the ground. “Nezhit.”
He returned the two long, jagged knives to their sheaths on his back, and turned around. 
A woman walked up to next to him. She had a huge sword strapped across her back along with a small pistol on her right leg.
She quickly glanced over Leah and Connor. “Come quickly.” She said finally.
The man grimaced. “Abby, you want to take useless children?” He had a thick accent; from Germany or Russia.
Abby glared at him. “An…” But a sharp glare from him cut her off.
She sighed. “Sorry, sorry. Snake, you can’t be more than a few years older than they are.” She said.
Connor snorted. “Your name is Snake? I hate to break it to you, but that sounds really lame.”
Snake’s eyes flicked to Connor. “My name is not snake, durak. I do not see a reason to give you my real name.”
“My name is Connor, not durak.” Connor replied.
Snake stared at him. “Uneducated brat. Durak is fool in Russian.”
Abby sighed. “We can bicker later. We have to keep moving. The undead are coming.” She looked pointedly at the dead bodies next to Snake.
He sighed. “Fine. If they fall, I’m not picking them up.”
Abby nodded. “Fair enough.”
She turned to Leah and Connor. “Shall we go?”
“You didn’t even tell us who you are! You’re strangers.” Leah pointed out.
Snake spun around, rage covering his face. “I have had it with your foolishness. Think about what you know. About what you love. Your favorite food, your best friend. Have you done it?”
He paused a moment. 
“Good. They’re dead. All of them. Do you understand me? Your friends, family, everyone you know. I assure you they are dead, or will be soon. If you don’t move, you’re next. I do not care for either of you, but I am not foolish enough to attempt to move out on my own. I wait for Abby, and no other reason.”
Connor nodded shakily. “Leah, he’s right. We have to stay with these guys. They can fight.”
“Yeah. We were headed to a hotel with a shooting range. My dad thought it would be a good spot since it was on an island and had weapons.” Leah told Abby.
Snake nodded. “Sound logic. I assume you were smart enough to bring a map?” He looked at Leah’s backpack.
She nodded, and pulled the map out. Abby took it from her, and glanced over it. She gave it back to Leah. 
“We were heading to the dock because we had hoped we could take a boat to a secluded island somewhere. Then we could start from scratch. We have grain and other necessities.”
“How did you get that?” Connor inquired.
Snake grinned darkly. “We got it from a farm.”
“The farmer just gave you it?”
“Dead bodies don’t tend to object.”
“Well, those ones do. Move!” Abby yelled, jerking a thumb towards several zombies shambling towards them.
They turned and ran from the horde. 
“Abby! We aren’t heading towards the hotel!” Leah said between breaths.
Abby jerked her head once. “We’re heading to camp for supplies. Then we’ll go.”
They stopped sprinting at the gates of a park. Snake drew his daggers and headed inside. The rest of them followed him.
Abby pulled her massive sword off of her back. “Watch for zombies.” She whispered.
Snake headed over to a tree, and glanced around. When no one showed themselves, he quickly knelt down and sheathed his daggers. He picked up two bags, and turned back to them.
He handed Connor one of the bags, and gave the other to Leah. 
Connor grunted. “This is heavy! Why don’t you carry it?”
“Because I can fight and you cant.” Snake replied.
There was a loud bang from the trees. 
Snake’s eyes snapped towards the sound. “That was a gun. Might be a rifle.”
Leah started towards the noise. “We have to go see if the person who shot that is ok! Maybe he could help us?” She suggested.
Abby glanced at Leah. “Girl, that was not your father.” She said.
“How did…”
Abby shook her head. “Later.”
“We still have to check! A rifle could be useful.” Leah pressured.
Abby sighed. “Fine.”
Snake groaned. “You will drag us to our doom, little durak.”
He pulled his daggers out again, and sprinted towards the noise with Abby close behind. 
Leah and Connor followed them as quickly as they could.
There was a young boy sitting in a tree, surrounded by several zombies. He was pointing a rifle at them, and muttering something under his breath. 

Chapter Three

Snake drove his daggers into the back of two of their heads, and Abby slashed the rest to pieces. 
The boy jerked his eyes open. 
“Stay away! I have a weapon!”
Snake sheathed his weapons, and he was suddenly holding the rifle. 
“Nice make. It has a well-made sight on it.” He peered down the scope of the weapon.
They boy yelped. “Give me my gun back!”
Abby sighed. “Snake, stop being a jerk.”
Snake looked up from the gun, and handed it back to the boy. 
“Get out of he…no. You’re coming with us.” He said.
Leah’s mouth fell open. 
“I don’t object or anything, but you were totally against us! What’s going on?”
Snake grinned. “I happened to see his face. Unlike you two, he will be useful. He won a science contest a year ago. Made some type of fancy gizmo. I’m sure he will be able to help us somehow.”
Abby nodded. “I agree.”
“Hey! I’m right here you know! You don’t have to talk about me in third person!” He squeaked.
Snake looked at him. “Get out of the tree. We have to move fast, I’m sure the gunshots called more zombies here.”
The boy gulped, and jumped out of the tree. 
He peered at the dead corpses. “They don’t look like zombies to me.”
Snake growled. “You can inspect dead bodies later, I’m sure we will find an…abundance of those.”
 “We’ll steal a car and make towards the hotel.” Abby decided.
Snake nodded. They walked up to a minivan. 
Snake sighed. “Never thought I would end up stealing a minivan, of all cars. My goal was going to be a Ferrari…”
He locked his hands together and slammed them into the car window. It shattered, and he climbed into the car. A moment later, the engine roared to life.
“Get in, before the nezhit find us.”
Abby climbed into the shotgun seat, and the rest of them piled into the back.
The car was moving before they had even closed the door. 
With a grunt, Connor slammed the minivan’s door shut with a bang.
“Couldn’t you have waited until we closed the door?” 
“Ask them that.” Snake pointed behind them where several things were heading towards them.
Connor quickly turned back to the front. “Drive faster, will you?” 
Snake muttered something under his breath. 
There was a period of awkward silence. 
“Family?” Leah finally asked.
The boy grimaced, and his eyes flickered to his gun.
“Not anymore.”
“Did they…?”
The boy nodded. “The zombies got them. The zombies came into the house somehow, and my parents went to fight them off. A moment later, they came back as zombies and tried to get me.”
“I’m Leah. This is Connor.” Leah said.
The boy nodded slightly.
“Does it really matter? We’re probably all going to die soon. But, my name is Logan.”
Leah grimaced. “That’s a dull view on everything.”
Logan peered at her. “Life isn’t looking very bright right now.”
The car slowed down, and Snake pulled a cigar from his leather jacket. He lit it, and tossed the match out of the car. It hit a zombie emerging from one of the houses, and it went up in flames.
Snake rolled the window back up and started the car again. 
“Maybe not. But it certainly is looking colorful.”
Abby coughed. “Get rid of that awful thing! It smell’s terrible!”
Abby glared at snake until he tossed the cigar out the window. 
He sighed. “Stupid American. No appreciation for the fine things in life.”
Abby smirked. “Are you kidding? I used to stare in a mirror for an hour every morning.”
Snake snorted. “I’m surprised it didn’t break after the first minute.”
Logan started laughing. It was high pitched, and one could easily compare it to the sound a rodent makes when you tickle its stomach.
There was a brief pause, and they all burst into laughter. Well, almost all. Snake took the moment to pull the cigar he had trapped with the top of the window and the roof of the car out of its spot and take a puff.
Abby snatched the thing out of his hands and rolled her window down. She tossed the cigar out of the car, and it landed on the road. There was an explosion, and a ball of fire rose into the air. They all snapped their heads towards Snake.
He shrugged. “You think I like the taste? No. Ten foot diameter, nice round explosion. Great signal flare and perfectly good to blow something to pieces.”
Logan started grinning again. “Can I see one of those?”
Snake shook his head. “I don’t have many left, and since Abby wasted one of mine, I don’t want to loose another.” He glared at her.
“I might be able to duplicate it.” Logan hinted.
Snake tossed a box back to Logan.
Abby raised her eyebrows. “Only a few?”
Snake nodded. “Few hundred.”
Snake turned into a major road. There were a few cars going down it, all of them speeding. 
“Where do I go?” Snake asked.
Abby pointed to their left, and Snake turned the car again. 
“In the zombie movies, don’t the zombies usually clog the roads up and tear people out of their cars?” Logan asked.
Snake grunted. “Too early for that. Maybe in a week.”
“Unless someone finds a way to kill or save converted people.” Leah said.
Snake shook his head. “Don’t have false hopes, we don’t have room for that. I know what you’re thinking. I already told you the answer.”
Connor sighed. “Mind If I change the topic? This is a dreary subject on a dreary day.”
Abby shrugged. “Go ahead.”
“Why don’t we introduce ourselves? We might as well know what our skillsets are.” Connor said.
Leah nodded. “I’ll start, I guess. I can shoot a gun OK, and I wrestle.”
Snake made a dismissive noise. “You going to wrestle the nezhit?”
They ignored him. 
“I’m pretty much the same as Leah, but I can’t shoot a gun to save my life. I can swing an axe pretty well though.” Connor said.
“I was in the military. Special ops. I can shoot a gun with perfect accuracy, drive pretty much anything, and I know several different types of martial arts.” Abby said. 
“Mafia. I know most of the fighting styles there are, and that includes knife fighting. I know how to make hand to hand weapons, and a few types of bombs. I can hack pretty much anything as well.” Snake disecretly reached for another bomb cigar, but Abby slapped his hand away from it.
He sighed, and went back to driving. 
“I’m good with computers and stuff. My dad was a doctor, and I picked up some stuff from him.” Logan said. 
“How old are you, anyways?” Connor asked Logan.
“I’m twelve.”
“We’re both fifteen.” Leah said.
“I’m thirty two.” Abby said.
They all looked at Snake. 
“Does it matter?” He asked.
“Yes.” They all said at the same time.
He sighed. “I’m seventeen.”
Connor snorted. “You’re just two years older than us.”
“And many times more useful.” Snake replied.
“Is your name really Snake?” Logan asked.
“No.” 
“What’s your real name?” 
“You don’t need to know.” 
Leah shook her head. “Don’t bother, we already tried.”
Abby shrugged apologetically. “Sorry. He doesn’t trust you guys yet. He only told me because I saved his sorry arse from a horde of zombies.”
Snake glared at her. “I told you I had it under control.”
Abby snorted. “You set three buildings on fire, blew up nearly two blocks, and you were about to hijack a military transport filled with marines!”
He grunted. “I could have handled them.”
“Not all of them.” Abby replied.
Snake sighed, and went silent.

Chapter Four

Snake sighed, and pounded his hand on the car. “It’s out of fuel.”
Leah peered out the window. “I don’t see any zombies out here. Where are we?”
She pulled the map out of her backpack. “Oh great. We managed to cover about a quarter of the distance. We’re in an area that was supposed to be turned into a bunch of factories. A few miles of flat land.”
“Out of the car.” Snake said.
They all climbed out of the minivan. 
“What now?” Logan asked. 
“Sleep. Then we walk.” Snake replied.
He promptly laid down on the grassy fields, and closed his eyes.
The rest of them looked at each other uneasily. 
Abby shrugged. “He’s right. We need to sleep.”
“We have sheets.” Leah said.
Abby grinned. “Great!”
They pulled the sheets out of their blankets. “Only three.”
They gave Abby and Logan a sheet. “They’re big. We can share one.” Leah said.
Abby shrugged, and rolled herself up in the sheet.
Logan just pulled it over himself.
Leah took one edge of the sheet and pulled it over herself. “This is crazy as hell.” She decided, and fell into a dreamless sleep.
“Nobody move.”
Leah’s eyes snapped open, and she sat straight up. Everyone else had done the same.
The sun was above their heads, and a man was holding a pistol next to Logan’s head.
“Give me your stuff.”
Snake glared at the man. “Why?”
He stared at Snake in disbelief. “I have the kid!” He pressed the pistol harder against Logan’s head.
Snake shrugged. “Sure, you can have it.”
He pulled a cigar from its box, and ruffled around in his leather duster for a match. 
He pulled one out, and lit the cigar before snuffing the match and putting it back in his pocket. 
He grinned. “Good stuff. So what do you want?”
The man stared at Snake, one eye twitching. “Everything.”
Snake sighed. “Oh, ok. “Want a cigar?”
He nodded. “I said everything, didn’t I?”
Snake nodded. “That you did.
He reached into a different pocket, and pulled out a large cigar. He tossed it and a match to the guy.
The man nodded. “This is the stuff.”
Keeping the gun to Logan’s head, he put the cigar in his mouth, and rubbed the match on his pants until it lit.
“How the heck did you do that?” Leah asked.
The man smirked. “Trade secret.”
The man lit the match, and blew a smoke ring.
“Good stu-“
There  was a sudden blast, and blood flew everywhere.
The headless body swayed for a moment, and fell backward. Snake lunged forward and snatched the pistol from the dead man’s hand before it hit the ground. 
Logan ran from the dead man, and jumped behind Abby.
Blood was everywhere. It had gotten all over Snake and Logan, and it soaked into the ground. 
Snake nonchalantly wiped some of the blood on his jacket onto the headless corpse. 
“Good stuff indeed.”
Connor put his arms around Leah and turned around. “I’m going to have nightmares.” He muttered.
Snake was rummaging around in the corpse’s pockets. 
“Oh! A lighter!” He practically squealed, tucking the device into a pocket. 
He straightened, and turned back to the others. 
“Shall we go?”
Abby stared at him. “That was rather violent. Couldn’t you have just hit him with a knife?”
Snake shrugged. “Bombs are more amusing.”
He looked at Connor and Leah. “Come get a good look. This is your life from now on.” He nudged the dead body with his shoe. 
“Ruined my shirt.” He muttered.
He pulled his leather duster off, and shook the excess blood from it. Then he put it back on. 
 He stretched. “Oh, I know why you’re all acting like this. I forgot to say good morning. You Americans and your strange ways. I said it just now, so stop acting stupid and get up.”
Abby sighed. “He’s right. We have to keep moving. I hope zombies don’t smell blood.”
They picked up their stuff, and started heading towards the hotel again. 
After hours of walking, the came to a hill. There were trees off to one side, and the other side was just a pile of trash metal. 
Snake grinned. “In Russia, we would slide down hills on metal like those.”
Snake cracked his knuckles. “You Americans play as well, yes?”
“You mean sledding?” Logan ventured.
Snake nodded. “Yes, that.”
He walked over to the pile of scraps and pulled several flat pieces out. 
“We can save time.”
“What is your phrase? Oh, that’s it. Last one to the bottom is a rotten unborn spawn of a chicken.”
He jumped onto his piece of metal, and slid down the hill.
Abby rolled her eyes, but she did the same.
Connor grinned, and jumped onto a sled. “Hurry up!” He called to Leah and Logan as he launched down the hill.
Leah and Logan both grabbed the remaining two pieces and followed the others.
They shot down the hill quickly, and they all passed  Snake. 
“Guess who’s the rotten unborn spawn of a chicken!” Connor yelled as he shot by him.
Snake grinned. “You.”
There was a blast as snake flicked his bomb cigar under his sled and shot himself into the air. 
He flew over all of them, and rolled to a stop at the bottom of the hill. Leah could barely see him since he was so far away.
A moment later, Logan blasted into the air as well. 
“Thanks for the bomb!” He yelled as he followed Snake’s path. 
Leah watched as Snake caught Logan before he slammed into the ground. 
“At least he didn’t die.” She muttered.
A few minutes later, the rest of them caught up with Snake and Logan. 
“You are a nasty little child.” Snake told Logan. 
Abby nodded. “What you did was extremely foolish, Logan. What if Snake didn’t catch you?”
“The mafia would have loved you.” Snake continued, completely ignoring Abby. 
Her mouth fell open. 
Logan grinned. 
They all resumed walking, with Abby muttering about the irresponsibility of the “Younger generation”.
It didn’t take long for the plains to meet up with a highway. When the black road came into view, the party stopped. 
“Should we avoid the road, or follow it?” Abby asked.
Snake shrugged. “The zombies will be everywhere soon. Hopefully, we can find a car on the road. We follow it.”
They continued onward, and reached the edge of the road. 
“Nothing. I would have thought there would be tons of people trying to escape from the zombies.” Leah noted. 
Snake shrugged. “People are foolish. They thought they could kill a zombie-most failed. Not many left to run.”
Logan gulped.
“We’re getting rather close now, It’s only about thirty miles away now. This road should take us to a small town with a harbor. I didn’t bother to remember its name. We just have to follow the large road.”
“What would it take to stop walking for a little? My feet are going to fall off!” Leah sighed.
Snake turned to her. “Be glad they fall of now- zombies will rip them off.”
They walked faster. 
There was a sudden moan from behind them. 
Behind them, hundreds of zombies began to emerge. 

Chapter Five

“How the hell did we not see them?” Connor hissed.
Abby shook her head. “Doesn’t matter! Put your butt in gear!”
They sprinted down the road, moving as fast as they could.
“I feel like I should be tired!” Logan wheezed as they ran.
“You get tired now, you die.” Snake replied.
“I never said I WAS!”
“How long have we been running?” Connor asked between gasps.
“Doesn’t matter. Nezhit cannot catch up to us, or we die.” Snake replied. He barely looked winded.
Abby pointed to her right. “See that rock? It was sixteen miles away from the town!” Abby said.
As they ran, Snake pulled a small ball from his pocket, and bit down on it. 
He threw it behind them, and there was a loud hiss.
“Run faster! I am hoping the zombies rely on smell or sight!” Snake said to them.
Leah glanced back quickly to see a large wall of white smoke rise above the road. 
“That’s a stink bomb.” Connor noted.
Abby smirked. “I guess you could call it that.”
Logan doubled over. “I can’t...run anymore! Haven’t we...lost them yet?”
Snake snatched the twig of a boy up, and threw him over his shoulder like a bag of potatoes. 
“Can I have a ride too?” Connor wheezed.
Abby shook her head. “Nope. Too big.”
“Should I take that as a compliment?” Connor asked.
Snake managed to shrug a shoulder. “Big means more for zombies to eat. Feeds family of four.”
Connor paled. “I think small might have been better.”
“If you were small, you would be dead. You have little stamina already, with short legs zombies would have take out with you.”
“He’s small!” Connor replied, nodding his head towards Logan.
“But he is useful.” Snake replied.
Half an hour later, they slowed to a stop.
“The zombies cannot run, I think we have lost them by now.” Abby said.
Leah nodded her head, too winded to speak.
They stood in a small circle, panting for air. 
“Do you think we can get there today?” Leah asked after a while.
“I think we might be able to, if we don’t stop to sleep.”
“Let’s go then.” Logan said.
They wearily began to head back down the road. 
“Hey…When we get to the hotel, what will we do there?” Logan asked.
“I guess we’ll plant the grain Abby and Snake got.” Connor replied.
“But where will we plant it? We won’t have electricity, so We’re going to have to do it like the farmers used to.” Logan pointed out. 
Leah scratched her head. “Dang, I never thought of that. I don’t assume anyone here happens to know anything about farming?”
They all shook their heads. 
“Great. It can’t be too hard, can it? I mean, make a hole in dirt, put a seed in, and cover it.” 
“What about seasons? I don’t think grain grows in the winter.” Logan muttered.
“Well, it’s only March, so we have some time.” Leah replied.
“Maybe we’ll run into a farmer on our way to the town?” Connor ventured.
“I doubt it. There isn’t anything in our way that a farmer could use. It’s pretty much all bought up for construction.” Leah sighed.
“How do you know that?” Logan asked.
Leah pulled the map out of her backpack and showed him it. 
“Who made this map? It’s so detailed! How did the mapmaker know there was a construction going on here, and even if he did, that means this map wouldn’t be good for more than a year or two…” Logan trailed off.
Leah rolled the map up. “My dad gave it to me. I have no clue who made it or why it’s like this.”
Abby shrugged. “Look up there. I think that’s the town way on our left. That means were next to the ocean. We should angle towards the side of the town, it should cut some time off.”
They stepped off of the road and headed towards the dark outline of the town. 
There was a quiet rumble.
Connor reddened. “Sorry! I haven’t eaten like…two days.”
Leah stopped walking. “Holy… I completely forgot about eating these last days. My mind has been sorta occupied…”
Connor stared at her. “You forgot about food?”
Snake turned around. “You have food?”
Connor pulled a box of crackers out of his backpack. 
“Ritz!” He crowed.
Snake snatched the box from his hands and popped the top open. 
Logan licked his lips. “Why didn’t you bring this out earlier?”
Connor scratched his head. “uh…zombies?”
Logan shrugged. “Zombies are nothing to Ritz.”
Snake tore the bag open, and popped a cracker into his mouth. 
“Salty.”
Connor snatched the box back, and grabbed a few. The rest of them did the same. 
“Too bad we don’t have cheese.” Abby said.
“Nah, cheese would spoil. No fridge, remember?”
Abby sighed. “Oh, right.”
They finished the box of crackers, and continued walking. 
“I’m pretty sure the human body can only go a few days without water.” Logan noted. 
Leah nodded. “We know, we all have water.”
Abby raised her eyebrows. “No, we don’t. Do you?”
Leah reddened, and pulled two water bottles from her backpack. Connor did the same. 
“Four bottles, five of us.” Snake said. 
He took one from Leah. He shook it around. 
“Have any Vodka?” 
Leah choked. “Why would I carry around any Vodka?”
Snake shook his head with disappointment and handed the bottle of water back to Leah.
She distributed the water bottles to everyone. 
Snake pulled a leather strap around his neck up, revealing a small canteen made of skin.
He patted it. 
“Bear.”
He popped the top off and took a swig. “Good stuff. I like Vodka more though.” 
He smacked his lips.
Abby wrinkled her nose. “What is that awful smell?”
Snake looked around. “What smell? You mean this?”
He waved the canteen around.”
Leah grimaced. “Abby’s right. That smells awful. What is it?”
Snake took another drink. 
“No clue. I was here on my job, to kill man. He didn’t give mafia money he owed them. I get to his house, but he isn’t there. So, I look around. In a drawer, he has many glass bottles. Look like Vodka. So, I fill my canteen with one. I think the bottle said whiskey.”
Connor snorted. “You’ve got whiskey in a bearskin canteen?”
Snake shrugged. “You have a brain in that small head of yours?”
Connor snapped his mouth shut. 
“Hey! I think I see the ocean!” Logan pointed at the horizon. 
Abby squinted at it. “I think I see it too. Let’s move faster! The sun is setting.”
They increased their pace to a slow jog. 
They reached the beach, and turned to head to the docks, which could now be seen clearly.
There was a roar from behind them, and a small motor powered boat sped past them.
Snake instantly drew his daggers, and the boat stopped.
Abby unstrapped her massive sword, and put it over her shoulder. 
The boat stopped on the sand, and two people hopped out. 
“Dad!” Leah yelled, and jumped into his arms. 
Chuck laughed, and spun her around. He put her back down, and headed over to the group.
“Thank you for helping my daughter out.” 
Snake peered at Chuck.
“You’re the guy who thought of  bringing a map.” He said.
Chuck nodded. 
“And you are?”
Snake pressed his tongue up against his teeth. 
“My name is Alyosha.”
“Hold up. You tell him your real name the first time you see him, but you never told us until now?” Leah asked.
Alyosha shrugged. “He was smarter that you. Offence intended.”
Chuck laughed. 
“I’m Abby.” Abby shook hands with Chuck.
Logan grinned weakly at him. “Logan.”
Chuck nodded. “It’s nice to meet you all. I just wish it were under better circumstances. This is Thad.” He jerked a thumb towards the thin man next to him. 
Thad nodded at them. “Let us be off.  Your dad made us patrol the coast for almost a day to wait for you guys. We must get to the hotel.”
They piled their stuff into the boat, and pushed off. 
Thad turned the boat around, and pointed the nose away from the land.
The motor started up, and they began to slide across the water. 
“What happened after you left the house?” Leah asked. 
Chuck grimaced. 
“Well, I drove to Costco to see if I could pick your mom and sisters up. But, there was a huge mob of zombies at the entrance. They were clawing at the building, but they couldn’t get in.”
Leah looked up. “So that means that they’re still…”
Chuck shook his head. 
“The government couldn’t let such a large mob survive. They dropped bombs on the area around Costco. I had already turned the car around and was trying to find another way in. The car was destroyed by shrapnel. I got out, and after a while of looking through the rubble, I started heading towards the house. Thad found me heading towards the house, and picked me up. The block had a bunch of zombies in it. We drove to the dock, and we waited here for you.”
“There’s the hotel!” Thad yelled. 
 “It’s huge!” Logan gasped.
The hotel wasn’t very tall, but it was wide. The building was a huge concrete bunker, stretching like a half moon around a dock.  There were a few windows high up in it, but none at ground level. 
Thad parked the boat in the docks, and they all got out. After they grabbed all their stuff, they headed into the hotel. 
The inside was lavishly furnished. The lobby had a huge reception deck, and there were several little shops. 
“Where is everyone?” Chuck muttered.
“Nobody goes to a hotel in the middle of a school year.  Besides, we don’t know nobody is here. Stick together.”
They nodded. Thad jumped over the dividing wall between the desk and customers, and rummaged around inside it. 
He pulled out a few keys and grinned.
“Great! They’re old fashioned. A normal key lock.”
He passed the keys around. 
“We stick together until we find everything out about this place.” Chuck warned. 


Chapter Six

They headed past the reception desk, and walked out of a door in the side of the lobby. They emerged into a large dirt field.  There was nothing on the field except for targets at the far end. There was a small shelter for shooters, and a large chest.
Alyosha walked over to chest, and slashed the lock right off of it. He opened the top and whistled.
“It’s a staircase into a gun closet.”
He put the cover back over the chest.
“I think we could plant the seeds here.” Abby said.
Chuck looked at her. “You brought seeds as well?” He asked.
Abby nodded. “Yeah.”
“I have a bunch of random ones. I just grabbed as much as I could and ran.” Chuck said.
Abby nodded. “I think we have some grain and a few more. I’m not really sure either.”
Alyosha made a dismissive noise. “Food is food. Doesn’t matter what type you brought. For now, I think storing the grain in the closet is a good idea.” He said.
Chuck nodded. “You’re right. I don’t think any bugs can easily get into it.”
They took the backpacks that had grain in them and entered the closet. 
“This is huge!” Logan said.
Leah looked around the massive room. “Well, we chose the right place for a zombie apocalypse.” 
Connor snorted. “I can’t believe we tried to play a zombie game before this happened.”
Thad looked at them. “Don’t worry, you’ll be able to kill enough zombies to get the high score.” 
Logan shuddered. “I’ll skip. You mindless brutes can go fight zombies while I rebuild human civilization.”
“Hey! Are you calling me a brute?” Leah asked.
Logan scratched his head. “Nah, take the brute part out.”
Leah glared at him for a moment, then shrugged. “Go ahead. At least I won’t have to break my head over trying to figure out how to cure the common cold.”
Connor sat down. “Now that I  think back on it, I just realized that we don’t have medicine. We could die from a fever.”
Chuck took a rifle off of its holder and looked over it. “Or, we won’t die at all. Stop looking at the dreary side of everything.”
Connor nodded. “Sorry. It’s just rather hard to be upbeat at a time like this.
Alyosha shrugged. “Not much different than normal. Bunch angry idiots trying to kill you in one way or another. Just in this time, they don’t try to feed you any mcpoision.”
Chuck burst into laughter. “Mcpoision? I think Mcobesity is closer.”
Alyosha shrugged. “We should continue inspecting this place. It would not do well to be surprised.”
Chuck nodded. “Everyone who can shoot, take a gun.”
Abby pulled a shotgun off the shelf. She also picked up a strap with shotgun shells on it. 
“This is really impractical.” She noted.
“Only takes one bullet to kill nezhit.” Alyosha replied.
He pulled a medium sized gun off the shelf. 
“Are you sure you want that one? It looks like some type of modified gun. You can’t be sure it works.” Chuck said. 
Alyosha grinned, and pulled a small switchblade from his pocket. 
“Where are you pulling all these weapons from?” Leah grumbled.
Alyosha ignored her, and put the switchblade back in his duster. He pulled another one out.
Leah sighed. “I want a magic coat too.”
Alyosha dug the knife into the gun’s barrel, and dug around a little.
He took it out, and peered into it. He stuck the knife back in. 
There was a loud click, and a small metal piece popped out. 
“Ah. Autofire.” Alyosha flipped the safety on. 
Leah pulled the pistol out of her backpack. 
“I’ll use this for now.”
Connor tapped his axe.
“I’m not going to run out of ammo with this one.”
Alyosha nodded. “I agree. Just blood.”
Connor backed away from him. “You are one creepy dude.” He decided.
“Come on. We have to clear out anything on this island.” Chuck said.
They exited the gun closet, and headed into one of the hotel buildings. 
“How do we get inside the rooms to check?” Leah asked.
Connor frowned. “Do we even need to get into a room? Zombies aren’t supposed to be very smart.” He said.
Chuck shook his head. “This Isn’t a video game. We have no clue how smart the zombies are. And we get in like this.”
He plucked the axe from Connor’s hands, and slammed it down above the doorknob. He pulled the damaged doorknob off, and pushed the door open. 
He handed the axe back to Connor. “Go do that to all the doors. Don’t open them. I’ll check each room.” He said. 
Connor nodded, and turned to the door behind them. Alyosha was messing with the door handle. 
“I’m going to smash the door…” Connor warned.
The heat in the room seemed to increase suddenly, and Connor took a step back.
Just as quickly as it had come, the heat disappeared, and the door swung open. 
Alyosha returned his daggers to their holders on his back. 
“What the heck just happened?” Leah asked. 
Alyosha shrugged. “Small cigar bomb.”
Connor looked down at the melted remains of the doorknob laying on the floor, and shrugged.
Chuck entered the room, and pronounced it safe. 
They headed to the next room, the incident forgotten. 
Leah stayed behind for a moment. Her eyes combed the floor, but she could not find what she was looking for.
There laid the destroyed doorknob, destroyed by a “cigar bomb.” That had apparently lit without a match.

Chapter Seven

Leah ran to catch up with the others. She made no mention of what had happened. 
“How many bloody rooms are there in this hotel?” Logan groaned. 
Chuck shrugged. “Probably a few hundred.”
Connor sighed. “I hate to say it, but I think we’re wasting time. We should split up. There are two people with hand to hand skills, and three who can use a gun. We should make two groups.” He said quietly. 
Leah nodded. “One should check the rooms, and the other should try to see if this place has a library. Who knows, it might have something about farming.”
“I hate to say it, but you two might be right. I don’t want to split us up, but we don’t’ have time to waste.”
Logan nodded. “I’ll take over here. Abby, Chuck, and Thad will check the rooms. Leah, Connor, Alyosha and I will find a library. It shouldn’t take me too long to find one if this place has it.” He said. 
Chuck nodded. “A good enough plan. Do you guys think the phones still work?”
Logan shook his head. “I doubt it. It’s been days since the apocalypse started, nobody will be maintaining the radio towers. But, it doesn’t hurt to try. Each room should have a phone in it. Try using one to call the front desk in about ten minutes. That’s where we’ll check for maps on the hotel.” Logan said. 
Abby grinned. “It’s a good plan. Good luck!”
Thad said nothing. He stared at Logan for a bit, and spun around .he followed Abby and Chuck to the next room. 
“Let’s go.” Logan said.
Alyosha nodded. “You lead. Your plan.”
Logan gulped. “Ok, but if anything pops up, you guys better save me.”
Alyosha nodded. “I will fill them with bullets.”
“Just don’t go trigger happy. We don’t’ want to end up shooting the others.” Leah warned.
They headed back to the lobby, and began digging around the front desk.
A few minutes later, Logan crowed triumphantly.
“Found it.”
They hurried over to the map he held in his hand. 
“Dang. Their library is really big.” Leah said, pointing to a large square near the edge of the hotel.
The silence was shattered by the sound of the telephone on the front desk ringing. 
Logan hesitantly picked the phone off the receiver and pressed the speaker button. 
“This working?” Chucks voice came through the telephone.
Leah grinned. “Dad! The telephones work!”
“That’s great! Is there a library?” Chuck asked.
“Yeah! It’s really big. I’m sure they have something useful in it.” Logan replied. 
“Where is it?” 
“It’s at the top right corner of the island. If you go back to that dirt shooting range, just head straight up and take a right when you get to building…seven.” Logan said, glancing down at the map.
“Great! You guys go to the library, we’ll meet you there in a few hours.” Chuck said.
“Ok. See you soon.”
There was a click as Chuck put the phone down on the hook.
There were several scratches through the line, but the line did not fuzz out for a second or two.
Logan hung up. 
“Did you guys notice…”
Leah nodded. “The line didn’t end. Maybe they didn’t hang up right?”
Connor shook his head. “Not to be paranoid, but this doesn’t add up. This hotel is too convenient. Why do they have a huge library? This is a shooting range! And, I’m willing to bet there were three people on that line.”
Logan paled. “No evidence. We can’t do anything about it. Let’s just head to the library.”
“We can’t do anything. We continue with original plan for now.” Alyosha said.
They walked out of the lobby, and headed towards the library.
“Whoa, That thing is huge. Its two stories? That can’t possibly all be library.” Logan muttered.
Alyosha narrowed his eyes. “Connor had a point. This is very…convenient. Smells like bait to a trap.”
“Let’s go in. We’ll just be careful.” Leah said.
Connor nodded. “I’m with Leah.”
Logan shrugged. “If you say so.”
“We need the information. In we go.” Alyosha said, and the entered the library. 
“Wow. This place is huge!” Logan said.
His words echoed for nearly a minute. 
He gulped. “We just have to find stuff under “farm”” He whispered.
“No, what about plant, growing, and all the different things we need to know? We might have to split up.” Alyosha said. 
Logan shuddered. “I guess so. Just move quickly! We all have ten minutes to go to our assigned section and take all the books that might be useful. Then we meet back here.”
They all nodded. 
“Ok. Leah, you check “P” for planting and such. I’ll check farming. Alyosha, you check growing. Connor, you can check fertilizer.”
They looked at each other, and split up. 
Leah crept through the library, her gaze flying over the letters on the bookcases. 
“Where the heck is P?” She whispered to herself. 
She reached the wall, and looked at the staircase next to her. There was a little sign that read “O-Z upstairs”
“Oh great. I get to walk up the stairs.” She muttered.
Leah climbed up the long flight of stairs, and peeked at the upper level. 
It was identical to the lower level, but it was colder. 
She wrapped her arms around herself and shivered.
She crept towarards the section she needed.
“S…R…Q…P!”
She stopped at the section. 
“Planting should be at the end of these.” She decided.
She walked up two rows, and turned to walk between the shelves-and found herself face to face with a zombie.
Leah shrieked, and stumbled back.
The zombie lunged forward, and tackled her. 
Leah’s breath rushed out of her, and her scream abruptly stopped. 
The zombie grinned, but it might have been a trick of her mind. 
It lunged forward to take a bite out of her, and Leah jerked her head to the side. The zombie took a bite out of the floor.
It spat it out, and grabbed her shoulders with its hands. There were slight claws growing out of it.
Its breath smelled like…brimstone?
It snapped forward again, and in a panic, Leah gave it an uppercut in the chest.
The zombie lurched upwards, and its head snapped forward against its chest.
Leah felt its flesh rip, and her hand emerged the other side of it.
The zombies eyes were open in a state of shock.
Leah yanked her hand out of the zombie, and there was another ripping sound. 
She stared at her gore covered, clawed hand. 
“What the hell?” She screamed, shaking it.
The claws disappeared, and the zombie toppled forward, dead.
Alyosha appeared from the stair case, his gun pointing at the dead zombie. There were several rapid flashes, and the bullets tore the already killed zombie into pieces.
Logan and Connor emerged behind him. 
They all rushed over to her.
Alyosha looked from Leah’s bloody hand to the dead zombie. 
Something like recognition flashed across Alyosha’s face. It disappeared immediately. 
“What happened?” They all cried at the same time.
Leah was still shaking from her near death experience. 
“There was a zombie…It tackled me, and I punched it. Then… I guess my hand went through the think and came out the other side.”
Alyosha jerked the body up by its head, its blood spilling out onto the floor.
“This hole is like a large bullet made it.” Alyosha stated. 
“No, I punched it.” Leah stated.
“My bullets did not go through. This thing’s skin is tough enough to stop them from emerging the other side of it. Your punch went in and out of the zombie. How did you make more power with a punch than a bullet?”
Leah shook her head. “No, I’m sure that’s not it! It must have a weak spot there.”
Alyosha shrugged. “Useful to know. Did you find book?”
Leah glared at him. “Are you kidding me? I nearly died!”
“All of us “Nearly died.” Get used to it, and find your book. We have ours. They are at door, in a large pile.”
Leah nodded, and wiped her hand off on the shirt of the zombie. 
She shuddered. 
Connor hugged her. “Let’s get your books and get out of here.”
Leah nodded shakily. She turned into the isle, and grabbed all the books with the word “Plant” In them. 
She emerged with a towering stack. Connor took half of them. “Let’s go.”
They went back down the stairs, and dumped Leah’s books into the pile. 
“Great. I guess it’s time to start reading.” Logan rubbed his hands together.
Connor sighed. “Oh great.”
“You don’t like reading?” Logan asked.
Connor shrugged. “It’s ok, I guess. But look at that huge pile!”
Logan shrugged. “Just skim over the book. If it has any use, you’ll be able to tell. Like, something that teaches you how to do crop rotation, or a book of plant types and medicines. That stuff.”
Connor nodded, and pulled a random book out of the pile. The rest of them did the same. 
The hours flickered by as they went through the books, tossing the unwanted ones to the side while keeping the useful ones next to them .
A while later, Chuck opened the door to the library. Abby and Thad walked in behind them. 
“Hey guys!” Logan said, putting his book down.
They explained what had happened. 
Chuck rushed over to Leah, looking her over for cuts.
“None if it is mine.” Leah muttered.
Chuck frowned. He tapped Leah’s shoulder, and she winced.
“Except for these claw marks down your shoulders.” 
“I didn’t feel them before.” Leah replied.
Chuck sighed. “We’re going to need some clean cloth and alcohol to make sure this doesn’t get infected.
Leah shook Chuck’s hands off.
“Yeah, but first we need to finish here.” She waved a hand towards the book pile.
“Where is the zombie?” Thad interjected.
They brought him up to the second floor, and pointed to the pool of blood around the P section.

Chapter Eight

Thad shook his head. “No, show me the body.”
“I don’t feel like getting my shoes soaked in blood.” Connor said.
That shook his head. “But can I see the body?”
“Why do you need to see the darn thing’s body?” Leah asked.
There was a golden flicker. The pool of blood receded rapidly.
He rushed after it, but it sucked itself up into a swimming red circle. There was a pop, and all traces of the zombie disappeared.
“Damn it!” Thad cursed.
“What just happened?” Leah trailed off.
Thad turned to them. “How did that thing…no matter. I guess things got a little rushed. I am Thaddeus, Guardian of the First order.”
Alyosha raised his eyebrows. “And that means?” 
Thaddeus sighed. “Come along. I was hoping to have a little more time before I had to explain, but I guess it was not to be. I will introduce you to the others. 
They headed downstairs, and the pile of books was gone. 
Thaddeus led them to a restaurant. 
“I thought you were going to explain, not feed us Chinese food.” Connor said bitterly.
“Not that I mind Chinese food.” He quickly added in.
Leah grinned at him. 
Thaddeus clapped his hands together. “They know. Stop hiding, it is time to Appear.”
There was a blur, and suddenly the restaurant was chock full with people eating and talking.
Leah rubbed her head. “I have a headache.”
“Hey! Quiet down!” Thaddeus roared.
Everyone stopped talking, and turned to look at them. 
“Guardians, we have new recruits. They made their way here with little to no help. Their knowledge level is 0. Would you all stop, and help me make the introduction?” He called.
There was a general roar of agreement.
Thaddeus turned back to them. “Ok, I’ll fill you in now. I’ll start with the total summary. You have all been assembled because of differences in your DNA. You have a strand that normal humans do not have. It is normally dormant, but it will activate under extreme pressure or eminent death. The GOP, or Guardians of the Planes, all have this strand. Everyone’s is slightly different. We keep peace between the three Planes: Hell, Earth, and Heaven. Well, mostly Hell and Earth. The Big Guy Upstairs doesn’t interfere with mortal affairs directly. Free choice and all that. Anyways…I’ll put it simply. We screwed up. There was a traitor in our ranks, and he killed the guards watching over one of the portals between Earth and Hell. A few plague demons got out. It took about a day or two for them to infect a huge portion of the earth. Maybe sixty percent or so. Now there are a bunch of plague demon flunkies running around. The DNA strand in you makes you resistant to the virus, and a bunch of unawakened people are left out there to fend for themselves. We have to fight the Demons off, and then we can cure the norms.”
They were quiet for a while. “You really screwed up.” Logan finally said.
Thaddeus nodded.
“I’m not sure I can believe you. From what I understand, you’re telling me that we have superpowers?” Leah asked.
Thaddeus snorted. “I guess you could say that.
Connor rolled his eyes. “This is hard to take in, but I saw those zombies with my own eyes. But superpowers? Really? Could you show us?” He asked, voicing all their concerns.
Thaddeus shrugged. “Very well.”
White wings erupted from his back, and a shimmering spear formed in his hand. His clothing changed to shining white armor.
“Does this work for you, or do you need to see a different power?” Thaddeus asked. He thumped his shining spear against the ground to emphasize his point.
(heh, point.)
“You’re an angel!” Logan whispered.
Thaddeus shook his head. “Most assuredly not. It’s a misconception that angles look like this. What’s with the swan feather wings humans thought up? Honestly. They don’t have fluffy white wings. Angel wings look like condensed sunlight.  Baddies can’t stand them. Angels don’t wear togas either. Just because they were seen once in a toga back in the day doesn’t mean that’s all they wear. Last time I saw an angel, I think he had jeans on.”
Leah grinned. “Ok, I guess we can believe you on that. You’re telling me we can all turn into this human perspective of an angel?”
Thaddeus sighed in frustration. “No, durak. We all have different powers. But, there are a few base classes that they all fall into. A warrior, mage, healer, enchanter, or shifter. Warriors are all the close range classes. Their powers range from gaining some type of weaponry and armor to shifting into a heavy element like metal or rock. Mages are all the powers that pretty much defy everything you know. They aren’t always long range, but it’s common that they are. Healers are tricky. There are really only two types of healers. One has the ability to pass the joy or general good feelings around him or her into a patient and heal wounds. The other is constantly leeching small amounts of joypower from the air and boosting an attribute of himself or herself. Enchanters can make normal objects take on a special ability or power. One could make a sword catch fire when it is drawn, or a map change along with its respective area.” He glanced pointedly at Chuck, and continued. 
“Shifters are simple. They can take the form of something else. They can usually only take one different form, but they can sometimes change to more than one different form. They can partially shift, which is where norms get their werewolf legends.”
“This sounds really cool, and I think we all buy this. But, what makes you think we have powers?” Abby asked.
Thaddeus shrugged. “Because most of you have used your talent at least once.”
Logan looked around. “I haven’t.”
Abby shook her head. “Nope, I haven’t either.”
Connor shrugged. “Not me.”
“I…think I might have.” Leah said.
Thaddeus grinned. “Of course. How else would you have killed that demon? So, what was it?”
The entire room seemed to lean in to hear her answer.
“I’m not completely sure. But, I remember my hand had small claws. Like the zombies do.”
Thaddeus chuckled. “Oh, the irony. You look like you’re a shifter what can morph into a plague demon.”
“Well, I only saw my hand change.” She said.
Thaddeus shrugged. “New Guardians are weak with their talent. I’m not surprised you could only change one arm. Bill, could you come up here?” He called into the crowd.
A man ran out of the crowd. He looked to be about thirty. 
“This is the newbie shifter trainer. He will oversee your training.”
Bill grinned at Leah. “Good to have a new recruit.”
He shook Leah’s hand. 
“What can you shift into?” Leah asked.
“Wolf. I’m your standard Werewolf.”
He flashed a grin to the rest of the party, and sat down at one of the tables.
Chuck cleared his throat. “I’m an enchanter. I was off duty from the GOP, but I knew what the plague demons where when I saw them. Sorry I didn’t tell you guys earlier.”
They stared at him. Alyosha started to grin. “The map. You…”
“Enchanted it, yes. I was going to bring Leah and Connor to the GOP base, but I had to get my wife and other daughters first.”
Alyosha sighed. “I think I am this mage. I make things…burn.”
Abby laughed. “When I met him, he was trying to steal a car from the military. He set an entire block on fire to get it.”
Alyosha held his hand out, and closed his eyes. 
The air heated up again. There was a sizzle, and orange light flickered in Alyosha’s left hand. Molten fire pooled up in it, and began to dribble onto the floor. The magma crept up his arm, swallowing his leather jacket.
“I can do this. It happened  when I was taking car from military. I was going to put bomb in water heater, and boom. Send whole block to the next world. But, this magma came. It just started coming from my hand. I wanted it away from me, and then it did so. It just shot out of my hand and hit the heater. Boom.”
Thaddeus nodded. “Pretty powerful. I haven’t seen a Guardian that could control magma in a while.”
A harsh wind blew through the restaurant,  and ice began to form next to Thaddeus.
The ice formed into a sculpture of a hawk nosed man, and then shattered.
The man nodded his head to Thaddeus.
“In case you didn’t figure it out, I am the trainer for new Mages. My name is Daren. You look like an interesting challenge, Snake. I had my eyes on you when you were in the Mafia. I knew your father; he was a mage as well. If you do half as well as he did, you’ll be a prodigy.”
Alyosha grunted. “Maybe.”
Thaddeus cleared his throat. “Well, Now that you’re mostly filled in about your abilities, I’ll tell you the rest. This island can only be entered by Guardians or those with the DNA strand of one. There hundreds, maybe a thousands of these around the world. They were merged a long time ago by a powerful mage. A Guardian can call others to him by simply making some sort of attraction and thinking about seeing the other Guardians. Once you enter a base, and invoke the call, you enter the “main base.” It really isn’t a real thing, but the call twists the dimension.  You leave the base you were at before, and enter the base where all the other Guardians are. You can then will yourself to any other base there is in the same way.”
“Whoa. So you can travel across the world instantly if you were in a base near California and wanted to get to…japan?” Logan asked.
Thaddeus nodded. “If there was a base in California and Japan, which there are.”
Connor grinned. “Ok, you got me. This is cool and terrifying at the same time. Is there a way I can find out my power?” 
“Of course there is! I’ll warn you, you won’t like it.”
Connor shrugged. “It will be worth it.”
Thaddeus nodded. “That it will.”
He turned to Abby and Logan. “I assume you want to learn your powers as well?” He asked.
They nodded.
“Ok, all of you follow me.” Thaddeus said.



Chapter Nine

He led them out of the Chinese restaurant, and towards where the dirt fields were. 
Instead of a dirt field, there was a huge indent in the ground. They peered into it. 
The indent was ringed with metal, and metal wire formed a slight dome over the top. 
“This is the training arena for Guardians that graduate from recruit training. It also serves another purpose.”
Thaddeus lunged forward, and pushed Connor, Abby, and Logan into the arena.
“What the heck?” Leah yelled, and lunged after them.
Thaddeus blocked her with an armored hand. “The DNA needs panic or eminent death to activate. They need to think they are in trouble. Play along.” He hissed.
He lightly knocked his knuckles against Leah’s head.
“Fall down.” He whispered.
She obediently pretended to fall to the ground. Alyosha “fell” next to her.
Chuck was already on the ground. 
“You’re alone! If you can survive the wave of demons, I’ll let you live!” Thaddeus called.
“You won’t let them die, will you?” Leah whispered to Thaddeus.
He shook his head slightly. “There are two Guardians of the second order down there. One can fly and one can turn invisible. If one of them doesn’t have a power used in fighting, or can’t fight back, they’ll come in and save them.”
Leah edged over to the edge of the ring to watch them. 
There was a clang, and a metal gate rose. Several monsters emerged. The things were humanoid in figure, but had the head of a bull. 
“Minotaurs?” Leah asked quietly.
Thaddeus nodded again. 
Abby reacted immediately. She pulled out her gun and opened fire. 
The bullets didn’t even seem to faze the monster.
She tossed the gun aside, and drew her huge sword. She slashed at it, but the minotaur slammed the weapon out of the way with its hand. It pounded the ground where she was, but Abby rolled out of the way. 
Logan ran to the edge of the arena. “I can’t fight! I’ll just stay here!” He yelled.
Connor grunted in assent, and drew his axe.
He engaged the second of three minotaurs, and swung his axe at its head.
“Mortal weapons won’t hurt a full demon! The only things that can are faith and powers!” Thaddeus called down.
The minotaur knocked Abby’s weapon out of her hand, and she fell backward. 
She dove for it, and the sword shivered.
The monster stood over her, and raised its hands to smash her into the ground.
There was a pulse of purple light, and her huge sword flicked straight up into the air. It shot forward, and slashed the monster’s head off.
It spun itself over, and embedded itself in the ground before Abby.
“Oho! We haven’t had an Enchanter that could animate anything in a while!” Thaddeus yelled down to her. 
Understanding of what was going on dawned on Abby, and she nodded slightly. 
“Abby! I need help!” Connor yelled as he jumped out of the way of another clumsy attack.
Abby “Fell” over, pretending to be wounded.
Connor tried to dodge another blow, but this one grazed him, splitting the skin on his left hand wide open.
He cursed, and scrambled back to his feet. 
The final Minotaur turned to Logan. 
He gulped. “Nice minotaur!”
It swung its hand at him, and Logan scrambled out of the way.
“Somebody help me!!!” Logan screamed as the monster chased him around. 
Connor flicked his eyes to Logan, and back to the minotaur he was fighting.
The blood seeping down his hand stopped moving, and extended.
It formed a sharp blade, and froze in place. Connor looked at the blade extending from his arm in surprise.
He recovered quickly, and lunged forward.
The monster swung its arm at him, and he raised the red weapon to block it.
The monster’s arm was chopped off at the wrist, and the hand crashed to the ground. 
He wasted no time slamming the blade through the monster’s chest.
Connor twisted his wrist, snapping the blade off.
Logan continued running from the monster,  screaming profanities at it. 
He tripped over a stray rock, and tumbled to a stop.
The monster roared in victory, and brought his foot down over Logan’s head.
“Red Flag!” Logan screeched.
The monster froze, and let it’s foot fall next to Logan. 
“Red! Right over there!” He squealed, pointing at one of the fallen minotaurs.
The monster spun, charging towards its fallen brother.
“I know my power! Let us out of here!” Logan yelled.
A slight grin stretched across his face. “Or I’ll tell him how to use a weapon to cut through the steel above us.
Thaddeus gulped, and waved to someone unseen. 
There was a flash of movement, and all three of them were standing next to Leah.
She stood up, and so did the others.
“Sorry, We had to let you discover your power.” Leah said sheepishly. 
Connor scratched at the blood on his wrist.
He held it up, and it writhed around, forming into a cast.
“Does this mean I have to get cut up before every fight?” He asked.
Thaddeus shrugged. “It’s possible you’ll be able to use any blood, but you’ll have to cut your enemy first.
“Abby can enchant a weapon so that it can draw blood.” Logan said.
Thaddeus turned to Logan. 
“You got amplified up here?” He asked, tapping his head.
Logan nodded. “I know all the important stuff everyone here knows.”
Thaddeus nodded. “Not all of it. There are precautions against that. Still a useful skill though.” He said.
Logan grinned. “Guys, we can easily make the farm now! I know like…everything!”
Leah raised an eyebrow. “What am I thinking right now?”
“That I’m full of minotaur droppings?” Logan suggested.
“Woah! You’re telepathic?” Leah asked.
Logan smirked. “No. It wasn’t too hard to figure out. I just know everything that could be important to us. For example, we can’t stay here for more than a twenty four hours at a time until we graduate from recruit stage.” He said.
Thaddeus nodded. “Correct. We can’t allow recruits to stay here for too long. They have to be out in the real world as well. Real time experience is important too. But, you can train with your rookie trainer anywhere on your island.”
Chuck nodded. “I can train Abby.” He said.
Thaddeus inclined his head to Chuck. 
“We will also need to get Ron here to train Connor. We can’t do anything with Logan, he knows everything he needs too. Logan, you are officially promoted to a Guardian of the Tenth Order.”
Logan beamed. “That is the lowest level of guardian, allowed to stay here for one week at a time.” He said.
Leah rolled her eyes. “Stop bragging, Logan.”
Logan crossed his arms. “You’re just jealous you weren’t promoted like I was.”
Leah glanced at Thaddeus. “Can I meet this Ron?  I want to graduate as soon as possible so Logan can’t brag.” She said. 
Thaddeus chuckled and clapped his hands together once. “Trainers, I need you!” He called.
Daren formed from ice like before, and Bill came bounding through the doors behind them in wolf form. He changed back to a human halfway through, and grinned. “Time to start training?” He asked.
Thaddeus nodded.
There was a cracking noise under them, and a rocky hand reached out of the ground. Another joined it, and a massive figure pulled itself out of the ground. It towered over all of them. The figure peered down at Connor, and begun to fall apart.
Pieces of rock melted back into the earth until only a short, round man was left.
“I’m Ron!” He said happily.
Connor stared at the little man for a moment before his manners returned to him. “Hello, I’m Connor.” He replied. 
“You can start your training at your standard base. Just make some sort of noise and imagine yourself back in the California Base.” He said.
“Wait, what about the zombie that got there?” Leah asked.
Thaddeus frowned. “That zombie was an illusion of a sort. Your mind believed it to be real, and imagined everything that went with it. It appeared to the others because you believed it to be real. Know this, no demon can ever step on the land of a base-ever. If you see one, It is an illusion summoned by some demon. Just tell it to leave.” He said.
Leah nodded. “If you say so.” She muttered.
Chuck snapped his fingers, and disappeared.
Connor went next, and threw his cast on the ground. He disappeared with the sound of it shattering. 
Alyosha whistled, and was gone with the last note.
All of the trainers disappeared as well. Logan shuffled his feet around, and puffed away.
Leah shrugged, and snapped her fingers. She imagined the base in California, and there was a rushing feeling.

Chapter Ten

When she opened her eyes, she was standing in the lobby of the California base with the others next to her. 
“Ok, I’m not going to lie. That was pretty stinking cool.” Leah said.
Logan nodded in agreement. “Totally!”
The trainers popped into view. “Shall we begin? It doesn’t take long to train rookies. If you can activate your abilities without problem, you pass. The next ten levels are spent mastering them. I can’t promise a cakewalk there.” Ron said.
Bill nodded. “Then again, I can’t promise a cakewalk here either. You need to be able to turn your abilities off and on at will.”
Daren cracked his knuckles. “Go to your trainer, and we can begin. Stay in the lobby, it’s large enough for all of us.” He said.
They all went to their trainers. 
Bill nodded slightly to Leah.
“Ok, let’s start. Do you know how to activate your ability on your own yet?” He asked.
Leah shook her head. “No, it activated once by accident. I haven’t been able to activate it since then.”
Bill smirked. “Haven’t been able, or haven’t tried?” He asked.
Leah shrugged. “Same thing.”
Bill shook his head. “Definitely not. They are very different things. If you haven’t tried, you are smart. If you weren’t able, you are weak.”
“You’re right. I haven’t tried to change. It’s freaky.” Leah said.
Bill tapped Leah on the head. “First problem. If you fear your power, you can’t utilize it to its full power. What you change into has no mind of its own, it is just a skin you can change into. It has no sway whatsoever over your actions. The only thing that changes is your appearance. And, since plague demons look relatively human if you don’t count the claws, you won’t even look different. Just don’t fist bump anyone.”
Leah grinned slightly. “Ok, how do I do it then?” She asked.
Bill shrugged. “You tell me. Everyone has a different way of doing it. The basic need is you just want it to happen.” He said. 
Leah nodded. She imagined the claws coming back on her hands. There was no rush, or feeling that she had changed. Leah sighed. 
“It didn’t work. Are you sure I can do this?” She asked.
She lifted her hands above her head and stretched back. There was a light crack as she stretched. 
“Ah, there we go.” She put her hands back in her lap.
“Maybe I can only do it when I’m in danger?” Leah asked.
Bill smirked. “Are you in danger right now?” He asked.
Leah frowned. “No, I don’t think so.”
He waved at her hands. She saw the slight claws protruding from her knuckles. 
“Whoa. This looks sorta disturbing.” 
Bill chuckled. Suddenly, he was standing in front of her, he slashed a clawed hand across her shoulder, and she yelped.
She pressed her hand against the spot where he had scratched her. 
“What the heck was that for?”
Bill pried her hand off, and waved at it. There were four white lines, like the ones you get when you drag a credit card down your arm. 
“What happened?” She asked.
Bill grinned, and his hand changed back into a wolf paw again.
He dragged one of the claws across her arm, and a white line followed it.
“You can also use the hard skin the plague demons have. I wonder…”
He picked up a computer with a grunt and heaved it at her.
Leah yelped and grabbed the thing on instinct. 
“How heavy does that feel?” Bill asked.
Leah shrugged. “Did you get all the metal stuff that’s supposed to be in here? This is just the plastic case.” 
Bill shook his head. “No, It’s all in there. You must have gotten the strength of a plague demon as well. I figure you can rip stuff up just like them.
Leah had a sudden image of attacking a human. “I think I’ll stick with punching stuff.” She muttered.
Bill smirked. “Turn it off the same way you turned it on.
Leah stretched her arms again, and the claws disappeared.
“You need to work on feeling relaxed without stretching. Try again.” Bill said.
**********
Ron took Connor to a corner of the room. Without warning, he slammed his hand into ground and pulled out a stone sword. He swung it at Connor, and opened up a cut on his arm. 
“Control it!” Ron snapped.
The blood swept out of Connor and formed into a red dagger. Connor swayed on his feet. Ron reached out and stedied him. “Put it back, you fool.”
Connor pressed the dagger to the small cut, and the cut absorbed it. 
“Lesson one. You can’t use too much of your own blood, stupid. Maybe a small blade to stab someone with, as long as it stays connected with your body. The second you snap it off, and make a dagger you can hold, poof. You lost blood. If you have to use your own, keep it connected to the source.”
Connor nodded sheepishly. “Sorry.”
He formed another blade. This one stayed attached to the cut on his arm, but it crept down to his hand and extended slightly past his palm. 
“It’s fine for stabbing. Not very useful. Try making armor.” Ron said.
Connor scratched his head. “Huh, I never thought of that one.”
The blood wrapped around his body, forming a shimmering suit.
Ron grinned. “Never do this.”
He brought his hand down hard over his arm, and the armor there shattered. With the connection shattered, Connor fell to a knee gasping. He used his last energy to slam the blood back into the wound.
He laid on the floor for a minute, gasping.
“Why the hell did you do that?” He finally got out.
“Your blood is an assassin weapon. It’s ok for a small knife, but don’t use it as armor. It might stop a bullet, but it won’t do crap against a demon. And, you have a huge weak spot here. But, I’m willing to bet it isn’t blood you control, it’s water. Blood has water, so I’m willing to assume that’s what you were controlling.”
He handed Connor an open water bottle. “Take the water out, and make armor again.” He said.
Connor felt the water rush up around him at his command, and form a liquid barrier around him.
“Try to make it look like armor, you might as well look cool” Ron said.
Connor shook his head. “There isn’t enough water in this bottle to make much of an armor suit.”
Ron smirked. “Water is in the air, condense it. That is what you must learn to do.”
**********
“Your sword is still animated, right?” Clark asked Abby.
She nodded. “I think so. I can…feel it.” She said.
Clark nodded. “Good. Tell it to stand before you.” 
“A sword can’t stand.” She replied.
Clark sighed. “It’s the meaning that counts.” He said.
Abby nodded, and the sword lifted off her back. It hovered half a foot off the ground in front of her, hit facing to the air. 
“While you feed it power, It will do you command. When you take power away, it will lose its enchantment. You can also seal an enchantment. Imagine the power streaming from you into it. Take that rope of power, and tie it in a knot. Then cut your end off.” Chuck said.
Abby nodded. She did as he said, and felt a wave of fatigue wash over her. The sword shimmered slightly. 
“Ok, now the sword will recharge with the energies in the air. It is much slower, but less taxing in the long run.” Chuck said. 
He picked up a rock. “Tell it to defend you.” He said, and tossed the rock in the air.
Right after she got the command out, Chuck hurled the rock at her. The sword slashed it into pieces before it could reach her. 
He raised his eyebrows. “Powerful en…” He lunged backwards as the sword slashed at him. 
“Call it off!” He yelled as the weapon chased him.
Abby pulled the sword back, and it returned to her.
Chuck came back with it. “Woman, I am glad you’re on our side. You must be the most powerful enchanter in years. I bet they would offer you a swift promotion of you manage to stay sane.” 
“Stay sane?” 
Chuck nodded. “Some Guardians go whacko, especially the strong ones. They feel as though they should be respected more than others, and they Turn. They join the Legion.” He said.
“The Legion?” Abby inquired.
Chuck nodded. “It’s the enemy of the Guardians. They work to try to help Demons get into Earth. I don’t know why, they’re bonkers.”
Abby grinned. “Aren’t we all?”
Chuck nodded slowly. “Yes. Yes we are.”
**********
Daren nodded to Alyosha. “Show me what you’ve got. Melt this barrier of ice.” He said.
A shimmering white wall appeared in front of Alyosha. 
Daren stepped behind Alyosha. “Begin.” He said.
Alyosha pressed his left hand against the ice, and closed his eyes. Daren smacked him over the head. 
“Keep your eyes open!” He snapped.
Alyosha sighed, and tried to call the magma up again.
There was a sizzle from his hand, and molten flame formed in it. 
He concentrated on the ice, and pulled his hand back. He hurled the glob of fire into it, and it melted a fist sized hole in it, and the wall behind it. 
Daren nodded. “Nice raw power, but can you get rid of the rest of the wall?” He asked.
Alyosha frowned. His face lit up. “Yes!”
He pressed his hand to the ground, and stared at the ice. A few minutes passed, and nothing happened.
“This isn’t working very well.” Daren noted.
Alyosha shrugged. “I must warm up the rocks.” He said.
Daren frowned. “For what?”
A molted hand melted through the floor, and dragged itself across the wall of ice. It crashed back to the ground and sank back down again before it had completely melted the wall.
Daren stared at him.
“You melted the rock under us and used it?”
Alyosha nodded. “Yes.”
“Couldn’t you have held it any longer? You didn’t destroy the whole wall.” Daren said.
Alyosha shook his head. “It was so strong. Angry. I could not hold it any longer than you could pet a wild bear.”
Daren sighed. “Ok, a powerful mage with no stamina. We’ll work on that.”
Daren’s face lit up. “Oh, I know! It’s because you’re only using one hand! Mages need two hands to work. Balance, and all that.” He said.
Alyosha grinned. “Oh, of course.”
Daren formed the ice wall again, and nodded to Alyosha. 
Alyosha concentrated on both of his hands. Magma formed in his left, but nothing happened in his right.
“What is happening?” He asked.
Daren frowned. “Are you a lefty?”
Alyosha shook his head. “No, I am right handed.”
“Push harder on your power.” He said.
He turned back to his hands, and concentrated harder. 
“There is like a block in my right hand. It doesn’t want to let fire through.” Alyosha said.
Daren frowned. “Try smashing it down with our mind, and then pour power into it.” He said.
Alyosha nodded, and returned to concentrating. He felt the thin, see through black wall in the back of his mind. 
He drew his mental fist back, and smashed a hole in it. He punched it again and again, until the whole wall screamed in agony and shattered. The wall fell like glass crashing from a windowpane to the street below.
Alyosha snapped his eyes open. He hadn’t even realized he had closed them. 
He was breathing heavily. “Daren. The wall is gone.”
Daren grinned. “Good. Put power in both hands again.”
Alyosha pushed the power into his hands, and something ancient stirred.
He felt the molten fire form into a small ball in his left hand, just as he had willed it too.
He felt no magma in his right hand. He turned to look at it.
There was a pitch black ball rolling in his hand. It looked like someone had captured the night, and filled it with jello.
Hesitantly, he threw the ball underhand into the ice wall.
The ball splattered across it with a hissing sound.
He felt a wave of despair go through him. He could never master the power. He was weak, and alone in this new world. He would be killed by plague demons, or go mad. “Just lay down and die” A voice hissed to him.
Alyosha fell to his knees. A picture of the magma appeared in his mind. He felt the strength it gave him, the courage to continue. 
He bared his teeth. “Stupid blackness, you are mine to command.”
He snapped from his reverie, and the ice wall shattered. Time seemed to slow down as the black flame simply destroyed the ice. It melted into the ice and suddenly jerked apart. Thousands of dark little corrupted ice crystals hung suspended in the air. Then, the all shot back to his right hand. He felt an immense pain slam into his hand, and screamed in agony. 
A minute later, the pain faded away, revealing a pitch black staff lying next to his hand.
It shimmered just like the black fire had, and around the top there was a shimmering white and blue diamond that resembled the ice wall it had just destroyed. There was a small extrusion in the middle of the smooth staff. 
Alyosha shook his pained hand, and looked at it. There was no apparent sign of a burn other than the pain that pulsated in it.
He pressed the indent on the staff, and felt pain blast through his hand again.
The staff had grown a long, curved blade and turned into a scythe. The blade was made of ice darkened to a shade of gray. 
He gripped his pained hand with his left. Not knowing why, but feeling it was the right thing to do, Alyosha sent magma from his left hand onto his right.
The pain subsided, and disappeared.
He looked up to see everyone around him.
He grimaced. “Sorry. I did not expect such pain.”
Daren was staring at him. 
“What is it?” He finally asked.
“That…power. The wave of despair. That was Malice, energy from Hell. How do you control it?” Daren hissed.
“I control…hellfire?” Aloysha asked.
Daren growled at him. “Yes. There has never been a Guardian to control it. Users of Hellfire always turn to the Legion. Besides, the first time they use it, the pain takes over them. The first time they use their abilities is when they lose their mind.”
Alyosha made an noise of comprehension. “Ah, I can see how it could do that. But, this fire put the pain out.”
“Nonsense. The only thing that can counter Malice is Skyfire, which is the flame used to smite evil…” Daren trailed off as Alyosha formed a flickering ball of magma in his left hand.
“Is this what it looks like?” He asked.
Daren gulped. “I…it looks close to what the mage council member can control. You control both Malice and Skyfire? How do you do this?” Daren whispered.
He shook his head. “I cannot teach you anything. For all I know, you’re an illusionist. No. I will consult the council, and they will see what to do with your team. You all have the strangest powers I have ever seen. Morphing into a Demon? Controlling blood? Animating swords to such power? And to top it off, you have a Healer who has the all-seeing mind? Suspicious as hell. You stay here. Trainers, to me! We return to the council at once!”

Chapter Eleven

There was a whistle as Daren turned into an ice statue and shattered into pieces.
“Sorry for his outbreak. We haven’t seen such a powerful group of people in a while. Do not worry, you will be safe. Stay here, and plant your crops. Follow your original plans before you learned of the Guardians.” Ron said, and disappeared with a clap.
The rest of the instructors followed him. 
The group turned to Alyosha. 
“What the hell just happened?” Leah asked.
Alyosha shrugged. “I made an explosion, Daren started bawling?”
Abby chuckled. “What’s this staff thing?” She asked, and bent to pick it up.
Alyosha slapped her hand away from the weapon. “Do not touch it. It will burn you.”
Abby snatched her hand back. “It’s that Malice stuff?”
He nodded. “I…will join you later. Go find Logan, tell him. I need to think.” He said with finality. 
They others looked at each other, and nodded. “Ok. Call if you need us.” Leah said.
Alyosha smirked slightly. “As if I would need you.”
Connor shrugged. “You’re just as lost as we are.” He said.
Alyosha sighed. “Leave me to think. I will join you shortly.”
They left the lobby to find Logan.
Alyosha turned his attention to the weapon. “I know what you are. You want to corrupt me, and make me your pawn. I have played chess. The pawns die first. I will not be a pawn. I will be a queen.”
He summoned Skyfire with his left hand, and it flickered into a shining ball.
With his right hand, he pulled up Malice.
“I am thinking I will regret this.” He whispered to himself, and brought the two energies together.

There was a massive roar of outrage when he touched the two together.
He could feel the two sides of the conflict. The Skyfire roared with righteous fury, grasping to kill the Malice. The Malice hissed with deep anger, and Alyosha could feel it want to make others feel the darkness, the pain of banishment from the most beautiful place. The two energies crackled and spat, but Alyosha kept them from engaging. 
“No. I control this portion of you. You will not fight. I need your help. These demons have invaded this land, and they must leave. I will be queen in this game of death. You want to fight? Do it somewhere else. When you are with me, you work for me.” He hissed.
He felt the Skyfire stop straining against him. The Malice also stopped. “You wish to make us work for you? White and Black? Good and Evil?” Malice hissed to Alyosha.
“There is no Good and Evil. There is only choices, and bad choices.” Alyosha replied.
The energy fell silent. “The mortal speaks the truth. We are made by our choices, and Malice, you made a bad one. I propose a truce under this boy. The Lord forbade the angels from fighting the demons on earth off, for he has mortal champions to fight them off. This man is one of them. You have made bad choices, but we both know you do not want earth destroyed. With earth gone, there is no middle ground between Heaven and Hell. The gateway will seal…forever.” Skyfire said.
“Damn you, Skyfire. I cannot argue against you on this point. Your point has been made. We shall work together, just this once. Mortal, let it be known that you are the first, and last, human to ever tame us both.” Malice hissed.
“I have not tamed you, and I am not foolish enough to think otherwise. Your powers are beyond the scope of my life, I am not vain enough to think otherwise. Even in this team I have found, I am not the smartest. I can fight, but so can they. I am nothing special. But, I will fight for both of you. I will send the Demons back to where they belong, and I will protect my land. The Lord will have some use for me.”
Alyosha felt the resistance from the two forces fade away, and the two balls of fire merged. He focused on the result he wanted, and held his hands together until he felt the flames flicker out. 
He watched the shining white light of the Skyfire flicker out and reveal a gauntlet. It was made with linking pieces of metal, each black with dashes of orange. “Behold. The union of Skyfire and Malice.” He said to himself.
Alyosha slipped the glove on, and felt his power pulse in response. Carefully, he reached down and picked up the scythe with it. There was a rush of energy, and the orange stripes on the glove shimmered as the held the dark staff in check. Alyosha pressed the extrusion on the staff, and the blade slid back into the weapon. 
On pure instinct, he slammed the butt of the staff into the ground. The echo sounded like the triumphant roar of a victorious army.
He walked outside to find everyone else, the sound of his staff smacking against the floor emphasizing his steps.
They were all standing in the dirt fields. Logan was holding the sacks of grain. 
“…And we’ll plant them in the ditches we make. This is the right time of year, so we’ll have food for the winter if we do this right.” Logan was saying. 
Alyosha strode into the circle and leaned heavily on the staff.
Logan stopped talking. “Alyosha! Are you ok?”
He nodded. “The conflict is over.”
Logan stared at the staff. “Wow. I’ve never seen this material and my ability doesn’t tell me anything about it…” Logan said dreamily and reached for the staff.
A tongue of Skyfire shot out of the glove and slapped Logan’s hand away. 
“It is dangerous.” Alyosha warned.
“Whoa. Do you have some sort of spell to automatically protect you from people?” He asked.
Alyosha tilted his head. “Doesn’t your ability tell you?”
Logan shrugged. “It doesn’t want to get near you. 
Alyosha smirked. “It just protects the staff from innocent hands that would be harmed by it.  It would allow an evil man to touch it, and die from it.”
Logan jerked his hand away from the staff. “That weapon is made from Malice.” He realized.
Alyosha nodded. “It is. Continue on what you were saying?”
Logan nodded. “Right. It shouldn’t be very hard to keep the plants watered of Connor can direct water from the ocean around us through the island and to the spots I tell him to put it. You’ll have to leave the salt behind. Can you do it?” 
Connor shrugged. “I have no clue. I can try.” He said.
They headed over to the ocean, and Connor sat down on the edge of the island. 
A moment later, a tube of water flowed up from the sea and  ran up the rocks of the island to coil around Connor’s feet. Alyosha suddenly rammed his staff into the ground with a sound like thunder and pinched a bit of the water tube. He pulled his hand up, and a small ball of water stayed suspended between his thumb and pointer finger. He dropped it in his mouth. 
“There is no salt.” He said.
Connor looked up from the water. “How did you pick up the water?” He asked.
Alyosha flexed the hand with the glove on it. “This glove absorbs power. I figured it might absorb a bit of your power briefly. It can’t do much to anything since it’s suppressing the staff.” He said.
He grabbed the staff and lifted it off the ground. “Shall we plant the grain and get it over with?” He asked.
Logan nodded. “Yeah. Everyone but Leah and Connor go grab… Wait. We need somewhere to hold the seeds while we scatter them.” 
“Don’t we need to plow the ground first?” Abby asked.
“Yeah. Could you animate something to do it?” He asked Abby.
She nodded, and looked around for a suitable applicant. 
Leah tossed her a metal rake. “It should work. It has really long and thick prongs on it.” She said.
Abby nodded, and focused on the rake. It quivered, and Abby released it. The rake shot to the dirt fields, and slammed itself into the ground. It then began to drag itself through the dirt.
“It will take about an hour for that to finish. We need to find something for us to hold the seeds in while we scatter them.” Logan said.
“Can’t we just keep them in their backpacks and do it that way?” Leah asked.
Logan grunted. “We could, but it would be awfully slow. It would be faster I few each had a small bag.”
“Hey, The front desk usually has these little gift baskets in it…” Alyosha said.
Logan nodded. “Those would work. Could you go check?” 
Alyosha ran off to check the front desk and Logan sat down. 
Leah frowned. “Are you ok?” She asked.
“Yeah. My head hurts a little. I guess these abilities are like an unused muscle We have to use them a lot to be able to use them painlessly.”
Leah sighed. “Great, more work.”
“What else are you going to do? There isn’t much to do on this island, and all the other bases are pretty much the same as this with small differences. Some might be farms as well, with the apocalypse and such, but I’m sure a few are armories and such. 
Leah started to grin. “I just got a great idea.”
“Oh?”
“Why don’t we make a business? The Guardians have thousands of bases, and Demons can’t get to us. So, while we train to fight, we could have Abby enchant items and stuff. Most of have things that could sell for something. Like new grain or the such.”
Logan nodded slowly. “Is it strange to get so excited in the middle of an apocalypse?”
Alyosha returned from the front desk with several bags with the hotel’s symbol on them and tossed them to Logan. 
“No. The human brain cannot remain sad for more than three days.”
“We’ll continue this discussion later.” Logan said.

Chapter Twelve

He took the bags of seeds and sorted them into the bags Alyosha had brought. 
“These are corn. Those are sunflower, and those are Wheat.” He said, pointing to three of the bags. 
“Alyosha, you take the wheat bag and scatter it on the left side of the field. Abby, you put the corn on the right. Leave about two feet from the edge and pathways down the middle two feet wide. Leah, you’ll plant the sunflower seeds along the edges.” He rubbed his hands together.
The rake flew back to Abby, and clattered to the ground. “Ok. It finished.” Abby said.
They picked up their grain bags and began scattering the seeds.
A few hours later, they stepped back and looked over the fields. “Ok, Connor. Take the water and have it enter the field in the places I showed you.” Logan said.
He held a map in front of Connor’s face. He glanced at it briefly, and tubes of water shot out across the ground. They went around the field and entered it. 
“Ok, Abby. Enchant the water to stay like this, and enter the ground at these times.” Logan said, showing her the map he showed Connor. 
Abby staggered backwards, gasping. She leaned heavily on the wall of one of the hotels. “Ok. I did it” She said.
Logan grinned. “Great! It’s too bad we don’t have someone who can make stuff grow fast. Then we’d have food soon and wouldn’t have to get too much from the GOP.”
Alyosha scratched his head. “I think my Skyfire might help. It is from Heaven, so I assume it might have some helpful properties.”
Logan frowned. “My ability doesn’t know anything. Nobody ever tried before. How high can you keep the fire in the air?” He asked.
Alyosha shrugged. “No clue.”
Logan rolled his eyes. “Can you keep the fire in the air permanently?” He asked.
“I will find a way.” He promised.
Logan nodded. “I think you will. Someone should head to the main base and get some food for us. Also, check if they have a currency of their own and if so, how businesses work. OK?”
Chuck walked over to them. He ruffled Leah’s hair. “I can answer a few of those questions. Our currency is the universal one of gold and land. I heard you talking about setting up shop during the Apocalypse. If you do, I have things to warn you about first.”
Logan raised his eyebrows. “Oh? What…” He trailed off as his ability kicked in and fed him information. “This is cooler and more dangerous than I had thought.” He said.
Chuck nodded. “If you want to set up shop, you need to bring what you want to sell and samples of it to the Council of the Guardians. If they approve it, you will officially be written down in the Yellow Pages of all three Planes. A portal to all beings will appear in a spot the owner of the shop wills it to as long it reaches the shop, and anyone can go through it as long as they do not attempt to harm or attack the owners. If you scam, you lose your shop and rights to it. You set the prices, but bargaining is allowed.” 
“Wait, does that mean Demons and Angels can come to the shop?” Leah asked.
Chuck nodded. “Yes, but they cannot hurt you.”
Logan shrugged. “Seems good enough. If we want to survive comfortably, we are going to need to get money somehow. We can’t do everything ourselves.” He said. 
Alyosha nodded. “I agree with Logan. We will do this shop. I always loved making things with my hands. I think I can make some…valuable equipment.” He said, his eyes landing on his glove. 
Logan hopped from one foot to another. “This is really exiting! I once set up a shop in a game server! It was so fun!”
Connor shrugged. “It sounds fun, what can we make? The sooner we get the shop running, the sooner we can get money and food. We don’t have much left. Maybe a day’s worth. Leah and I only packed for two people.”
Logan nodded. “We need new clothes as well.”
For the first time, Leah looked down at her ragged clothing. “Oh gosh! It looks like someone ran me over with a tractor!” 
“That was covered in mud.” Alyosha added in. 
“How come your clothes are torn but not muddy?” Leah gestured to his shiny leather duster.
He grinned. “A perk of having Skyfire. It is a purifying flame. Probably not its intended purpose, but clean clothes are nice.”
“Can you do that to my clothes?” Leah asked.
He reddened and shook his head. “No, it requires…” He mimed running his hands over his clothes.
“I leave Connor to do that.” He finally said.
Everyone burst out laughing. 
“Ok, back to the topic. What can each of us contribute to the shop, if anything?” Logan asked.
“I can animate items. Maybe a broom that sweeps up on its own could be useful?” Abby suggested.
Logan nodded. “Make one, or maybe a rake that cleans your lawn on its own.”
“I can’t do it yet, I’m still exhausted. Maybe in a few hours.” She said.
Logan nodded. “What about you Connor?”
He shrugged. “I don’t think I can do anything. My water only works while I’m concentrating on it or it’s touching me.”
Logan nodded. “You’re doing enough on the field. What about you Leah?”
“I don’t think I can make anything either.” She said.
Logan shrugged. “Ok. Can you do anything Alyosha?”
Alyosha nodded. “Yes, but slow. If I make anything, it will be very expensive. Too hard to make and dangerous to be otherwise.”
Logan shrugged. “Ok, so we can sell animated objects, powerful items, and food?”
Chuck cleared his throat. “I can make maps.” He volunteered. 
Logan grinned, and added something to the paper he was writing on. “Ok. Go do whatever you need to, we’ll meet back here in two hours. Bring any stuff for the shop of you have it.”
They all dispersed, and Alyosha summoned up a ball of Skyfire and one of Malice.
He sat down and thought about how he could keep a ball of Skyfire in the air. 
Absently, he let the two balls hover above the ground and laid down on his belly. 
He brought them close to his face, and released the ball of Skyfire to hover in front of him.
He grabbed the ball of Malice with his hands and pulled on it. To his surprise, it stretched like clay. He pulled it until the piece snapped off the ball and formed a small blob of Malice.
He mashed it back into the ball, and messed with it for a while. 
He felt a slight burning in his left hand and winced. “I need to make another glove. This one can’t absorb too much energy. Who swings a scythe with one hand anyway?” He muttered.
He pressed the ball of Malice back to its original shape, and brought the ball of Skyfire to it. Half an hour later, he had another gray glove with dashes of orange in it. He slid it on, and flexed his fingers experimentally. 
He summoned up two more balls. Sweat poured down his face from the exertion of using the power so much. 
He rested for a few minutes, and then began to shape the Malice.
He was surprised on how easy it was to make it into a small little knight. It had a bucket like helmet on its head, and small indents for eyes. He stared at the thing. It was much to detailed to do by hand. 
He focused on one of the hands, imagining the knight to grow a lance in its hand. Sure enough, a small black lance formed. “So that’s how it happened.”
He mentally sealed the construct from more editing, and picked it up. He tapped it lightly, and metal rang against Malice.
“Huh, it’s hollow. Almost like it needs…”
He glanced at the ball of Skyfire near him. Hesitantly, he pushed it towards the little knight.
It drifted idly along towards the Knight, and tapped its helmet.
Suddenly, there was a sound like a vacuum, and the Skyfire ball was sucked into the knight.
Alyosha held his breath as he watched the little knight. 
When nothing happened, he exhaled in disappointment. 
His breath flowed past the little knight, and his eyes filled with small orange flames. He felt a rush of energy leave him, and his head dropped to the ground.
He tried to move, but he lacked the energy to do so. He stared ahead helplessly as the knight slowly began to move.
It jumped around a little, and it’s flaming eyes found Alyosha. 
“Master!” It squeaked, and bowed.
Alyosha grunted. “Wow. I didn’t think that would work.”
The knight prodded him lightly with its lance. “What is wrong, Master?”
“I used up too much energy. I’ll feel better soon.” He said.
The knight nodded. “I know things. I feel both Malice and Skyfire in me, and a strong portion as well. It has been centuries since I have had a regenerating power source. Thank you very much, master. How can I repay you?” It asked.
 “Start of by telling me who you are and what you mean by that.” Alyosha replied.
The knight nodded. “I was a human about one thousand years ago. I made a deal with a Demon, and I was stuck in Hell waiting for someone to summon me. It happened a few times, but the summoner always gave me a body that could only last a day or two. There are a few mortals who can do magic, but they get it all from the Demons. They were all too weak to give me a real body, until this. When I use any energy, I regenerate, just like you. But I have this great new body! Look at this shiny helmet!” It smacked it’s hand against the helmet.
Alyosha grinned. “The others should be here soon. What is your name, little knight?”
“I do not remember my name, Master. It has been too long. I like being called Little Knight though.” It responded.
Alyosha chuckled. “OK, LK. My friends should be here soon. We can tell you a bit more about what’s happening then.”
Sure enough, the rest of the group returned to the field a few minutes later.
“Alyosha! What are you doing?” Abby yelled to him.
“Can’t move!” He managed to reply.
They hurried over to him. “What happened?” Leah asked.
“Playing with too much power. But, I was successful.”
Abby raised her eyebrows. “You’re sitting in a small blast indent unable to move. How is that successful?”
“He made me this body!” LK called up.
They all looked at the small knight in surprise. 
“What the heck?” Leah asked. She knelt down beside the construct and squinted at it.
It poked her in the nose with its lance.
“Ouch! That lance is sharp!” Leah rubbed her nose. 
“Your breath smells bad!” LK responded.
“You don’t have a nose…” Connor muttered.
LK fell silent. “If I had my trusty steed, I would run you all to the ground.”
“Well, you don’t.”
Alyosha sighed. “This is a pointless argument. Better settled with a game of chess.” His eyes lit up.
“LK, I need a little power.”
The knight walked stiffly over to him and placed a hand on his head. There was a rush of energy, and Alyosha exhaled in relief.
“Thank you.”
He pushed himself into a sitting position. “This is what I can contribute. I  can make more like this, but I do not think any will be quite as powerful. Too much energy.”
Leah raised her eyebrow. “Powerful? That thing is the size of a brick standing upright.”
LK waved his lance in the air. “Girl, use your power on me!”
Leah looked at Alyosha, and he nodded.
Leah’s hands crew the small claws, and she turned to LK. She hesitantly prodded him with one, and suddenly LK blurred into motion. 
He jumped over one of her claws, and slammed the tip of his lance downwards into it, snapping it from her hand.
She yelped, and pulled her hand back. The claw had already regrown, but there was now a claw resting on the table.
“Ok, No more like this guy.” She agreed.
LK picked up the claw and slung it over his back with his free hand. “This will be a trophy of battle.”
Abby snickered. “Leah, you just got beaten by a knight the size of your hand.”
LK looked up at Abby. “Coincidentally, that is the same size as your brain.”

Chapter Thirteen

Her mouth fell open as LK turned around and strode back to Alyosha.
Leah chuckled. “Want some ice for that burn?”
Abby frowned at Leah. “Whatever. I brought the enchanted broom.” 
“Hey, do you think people would want to buy demon claws?” Connor asked.
“Demon claws were often used as ritual knives. If we can carve it, they could sell for a lot.” Logan said.
“I can carve them, but Master will need to give me a tool to do so.” LK said.
Alyosha nodded. “It requires no sustaining energy. I can do that.”
“Ok. Go to main base, we can talk to the council then.”
He clapped and disappeared.
“Let’s go.” Alyosha said.
The rest of them followed Logan.
Leah opened her eyes to see the others striding away.
She hurried after them. “Do you even know where the council is?”
Logan shrugged. “Probably behind the biggest doors. And the biggest doors are the ones right to the left of the lobby, leading into the French restaurant.
“But I like Chinese!” Leah complained.
“Suck it up. We aren’t going to eat anyways.”
He lifted his hand and knocked on the door.
A few seconds later, a voice replied, “Enter.”
Alyosha pushed the doors open, and they walked inside.
Several people were sitting in chairs in a semicircle around the doors. 
“What is your reason for coming here?” The man on their left asked.
“We wish to open a shop.” Logan replied.
“Samples?”
Logan nodded to Alyosha and Abby. They placed their makings on the floor.
Logan pointed to Abby’s broom. “She can animate things. That broom will sweep the floor on command.”
A council member chuckled. “This reminds me of a Disney movie. Can it easily be stopped?”
Abby nodded. “Just say stop.”
“It seems nice enough.”
The member turned to Alyosha. 
“You make things from clay?”
Alyosha grinned. “No, I could never use clay. Too hard to learn.”
LK waved his lance in the air. “I’m not made from clay!” He yelled.
The council member’s eyes snapped open in surprise. 
“By the three planes! You bound a human soul into a construct of this world and gave it a refilling power source?” The council looked over Alyosha in new light.
Alyosha shrugged. “Close. The materials are not of this Plane.”
“Malice.” One stated.
He nodded. “Malice and Skyfire.”
The man in the middle scratched his head. “But you used two opposing forces to make something lasting. That is certainly interesting. We would like you to keep us updated on your progress with this power.”
He shrugged again.
LK waved the demon claw he was holding around. “We’re also going to sell carved claws.”
“You have the plague demon shifter in your group, yes?”
Leah nodded. “That’s me.”
Logan cleared his throat. “We will also sell enchanted maps.”
The council talked with each other for a bit. They turned back to the group.
“We will allow you to build a shop. When your building is finished, come back to us.”
Logan nodded respectfully to them, and they left the room. 
“Ok, we need to buy materials. None of us can control stone, so we can either do it by brick and cement or wood.”
“Wood would fall down easily.” Alyosha said.
“But it can be repaired fast.” Chuck noted.
“I think we should go with brick. It feels more…safe. You know?” Connor said.
Logan nodded. “Stone and cement it is. Come on. Follow me.”
He led them to the lobby, where a large stone jutted out in the middle of the room. 
“That’s a waystone. Find a construction shop and tell the others.” Logan said and placed a hand on the stone.
Leah did the same, and a rush of names flooded her eyes.
She mentally scrolled through, looking for something that would suggest construction.
“Bob’s bunnies? Seriously?” She muttered to herself.
“I found one. Dukes stonery.” Abby said.
Logan rolled his eyes. “Sounds more like he is selling drugs than stone.”
“Whatever. Just will yourself there.”
They sent themselves to Dukes Stonery.
Leah looked around. “It’s made out of stone.” She noted.
A man walked through the door behind the desk. 
“Oh, hello there!”
Logan nodded to the man.
“We need stone and cement to build a shop about the size of this one, maybe a bit larger.”
The man nodded. “Ok. You look like recruits to me. Do you have ten gold coins?”
“Gold coins? I thought the currency was gold…” Leah asked.
He shrugged. “It is. A gold coin is about a quarter pound of gold. Do you have two and a half pounds of gold?”
“No, but we have other things we can offer.” Logan said.
“Like?”
“We can enchant an item for you, or give you a demon claw.”
The man raised an eyebrow. “A demon claw?”
LK hurled the claw at him, and it skittered on the desk coming to a stop against his chest.
He picked the claw up. “It’s shiny.”
“I’ll do it since you guys are rookies. But, next time you come, bring gold.”
He pressed his hand to the ground, and stone bricks began to rise. When they finished, they pushed outward and began to stack up.
When there was a massive brick that almost touched the ceiling, he stopped. “Ok, that will be enough. For cement, use this bucket. It has a limit of taking too much cement, so only use how much you need. Then smash it.”
They thanked him, and Logan placed a hand on the bricks and vanished with a snap.
The rest of them followed him back to the base.

Chapter Fourteen

“Ok. I’ll draw the outline for where to put the stones, and then you guys stack ‘em up. Connor can put the cement down, and the rest of you put bricks down.” Logan said.
Alyosha frowned. “I do not feel like lifting bricks right now. I want to try something.”
He sat down, and summoned up Skyfire and Malice.
He let the Skyfire hover, and began stretching the Malice. When it was about to break, he poked holes in it and pulled the two sides out. He had to summon up several more balls of Malice before he finished.
A construct of thick beams made of Malice stood before him. It was vaguely humanoid, but its legs and arms were thinner. It was on its hands and knees, but when It would stand, it would tower over them.
“That’s it? You made a sculpture? We watched you for half an hour, and you made a sculpture?” Logan asked.
Alyosha smirked, and pressed the Skyfire into the construct.
He summoned up another two balls, and pressed them in as well.
He blew on it, and felt energy rush out of him. Not nearly as much as with LK, but still a good portion. The energy inside the construct swirled around, flashing. It suddenly blasted out, bouncing off invisible walls inside the construct.
It stopped bouncing around, and turned a darker orange. The Skyfire filled the whole thing, and pulsed merrily.
“Stand.” Alyosha said.
The thing shuddered, and pushed itself to its feet.
“You are one scary bastard.” Alyosha decided.
“It looks like you made it out of bones.” Connor muttered.
There were several cracks as the thing snapped itself a jaw. It was ragged, and perfectly fit the picture of a monster with jagged teeth. 
“Master.” It nodded its head to Alyosha.
He gulped. “Follow the instructions of everyone here. We need you to help build a house.”
The construct nodded. “I shall do so.”
Logan shook his head, and turned around. “Ok, we have to clear the grass off the field. The other field was made of dirt, so no problem. But, we can’t build a house on grass. So let’s get rid of the grass.”
The construct loped over to the grass field and crouched in front of it. It’s mouth opened, and a blast of Skyfire roared out.
The flame covered the entire field in a moment, and abruptly stopped.
The grass was all burned away, and the dirt under it had taken on a glossy sheen. Logan tapped his foot against the ground.
“It’s melted.”
“Dang.” Leah said.
Logan nodded. “Leah, can I see your claws?”
She shrugged, and claws appeared on her hand. He lifted her hand to his face, and looked at it. “LK!”
The knight jumped off his shoulder and smacked a claw off. Leah yanked her arm away from him. “What the heck?”
Logan picked the claw up. “I needed something to draw with.” He said in a way of apology.
He walked out the field and drew a large square. “Ok. Lay the edges of the bricks against this line.”
They all picked up bricks, and began to lay them down. Alyosha watched them from atop the brick pile. 
“This ability is very handy.” He decided.
Abby rolled her eyes at him as she picked up another brick, and went back to put it in the first layer.
When they filled the first layer of brick, Connor walked over and put cement over it. The process was repeated until Alyosha’s throne of bricks had completely disappeared. 
“Now we need you to blow Skyfire over it. Make everything dry up and the bottom layer bond with the ground.” Logan said.
“Go ahead, Bones.” Alyosha said.
The construct nodded, and blew a blast of fire over the building.
The fire sputtered out a second later, and Bones dragged itself to the top of the building. It crossed its legs, and sat down. It stopped moving, and the Skyfire in it flickered out. A small spark remained in its head, but it did not move further.
“It doesn’t renew its energy. It’s going to stay like that. I should technically destroy it, but it looks cool.” Alyosha said.
Leah patted him on the back.
“We all know you’re a big softie.”
Alyosha rolled his eyes at her. 
They walked into the hole left in the shop, and looked around in the large stone room.
“We have a lot of renovation to do.” Logan said.
Leah nodded. “I don’t really want to do any more today. It’s late.”
Logan peered out of the entrance hole. “Leah. It can’t be later than nine.”
She shrugged. “Zombie apocalypse? We’ve got nice beds here. I intend to use one.”
Alyosha nodded. “I call room 1. It is closest to here.”
He held up a key with the number one on it, and rushed out of the shop
Logan grinned, holding up a key with the number two on it. “I got two.”
He also ran off.
Abby rolled her eyes. “They’re so childish. I call room three!” She screeched, sprinting off.
Connor raised his eyebrows. “I’ll take four.” He pulled a key from his pocket.
“Where are you getting the keys?” Leah asked.
“Check your pocket. Alyosha had LK plant them.”
Leah reached into her pant pocket and pulled a key with six on it. “I got six. Dad, you got five then?” Chuck nodded.
“Ok, lets go.”
They headed to their rooms, and promptly fell asleep.
Alyosha sat in the bed, with Little Knight next to him. 
“Is what we are doing right? We’re in the middle of an apocalypse, and we’re setting up a shop. It seems wrong…” He muttered.
LK shrugged. “The guardians aren’t going to send your squad up against the plague demons yet. They have experienced members out there. You’ll have a crack at the zombies soon enough.” He said.
Alyosha nodded. “I guess so. It just feels wrong.”
“Why don’t you make bird constructs to go attack the zombies? They can draw power from the plague demons when they die?” LK suggested.
Alyosha scratched his chin. “I think I could do that. Yes. It would work well!”
“I’m going to sleep now, Master. Wake me up if you have need.” LK said, and sat down on the nightstand. He stopped moving, but Alyosha heard a soft hum of energy as LK sucked energy in.
“I need to make him a birthday gift. He was “born again” Yesterday. He wanted a mount.” Alyosha thought to himself.
The sun dipped past the horizon, and all the light in the room left. Alyosha summoned up a ball of Skyfire and sent it hovering in the air above him.
A grin stretched across his face. “Ah. I know.”
A ball of Malice appeared, and he began to work.
It felt like it had only been minutes when the Sun came back up and the room filled with light. The Skyfire ball Alyosha had put up was long gone.
He was still working with the Malice, putting finishing touches on it. 
“Sleep…” He muttered to himself.
He summoned up a ball of Skyfire, and gave it to the mount he had made.
He blew over it, and there was a hum as the miniature dragon roared to life.
It sat down next to him on the bed. It was about double the size of LK. “You are Little Knight’s mount.” He said, and his head crashed to the pillow. His last sight was the dragon lying down next to LK.

Chapter Fifteen

Leah woke up when the sun rudely broke into her room through the window. 
She groaned, and pulled he pillow over her head. “It’s the zombie apocalypse. There isn’t supposed to be a sun, the sky is supposed to be dark.” She muttered.
The sun obliviously disagreed, and had no problem showing it.
Someone knocked on her door. “Leah! Let’s go eat!” Chuck yelled.
She popped out of bed. “Free food!”
She hurried out of the room. “Where are we going to eat?”
“French restaurant. Since the phones work, we figured we might have magic food too.”
Abby emerged from her room as well. “La bruschetta!” She crowed.
Logan and Connor came out of their rooms. “I heard someone say La bruschetta.” Connor said.
Logan licked his lips. “French food!”
“Is Alyosha coming?” Leah asked.
Chuck shrugged. He knocked on room 1’s door again.
“No answer. I hope a zombie illusion didn’t get to him.” Leah joked.
Chuck slammed his hand on the door. “Wake up!” He roared.
There was still no response. Connor opened a water bottle and some water flowed out of it. It formed into a key, and Connor placed it in the lock.
He turned it, and the door popped open.
Alyosha was lying in bed, breathing steadily. LK was nowhere to be seen.
“He looks exhausted. Where is LK?” Chuck asked.
LK Flew out of a hole in the wall, a mouse speared on his lance.
He rode on the back of a shiny little dragon. It roared quietly. 
“I have vanquished a foe!” LK said proudly.
He mouse slid off his lance and fell on the floor. Connor grimaced and picked the thing up by its tail. He tossed it out of the room. 
“Try to keep the enemy bodies out of the castle. So they…uh… don’t spread disease.”
LK nodded. “Of course!” He and his dragon rushed to dispose of the mouse.
“I guess he made him a mount.” Chris said.
Leah nodded. “It’s probably a self-sustaining one as well. Making LK took all the energy out of him. Since this dragon is like double the size, I bet he’s going to sleep all the way to lunch.”
Chuck sighed. “Well, we may end up eating the last of the crackers you brought from home. Don’t forget that we don’t have money.”
“Maybe they’ll let us have some for free? Or we can give them some enchanted goodie?”
Abby nodded. “Yeah. I could make them a self-cooking pot or something.”
They headed out of Alyosha’s room and towards the French restaurant.
The second the left the room, Alyosha snapped into a sitting position. “This hotel has good taste.” He said to LK, holding up a bottle of Vodka.
He jumped out of bed and sat down in a desk.
“LK, I have a mission for you. I need paper. And pencil.” He said.
The little knight nodded, and sped away on his dragon.
He returned a few minutes later with a sketchbook and a jar of pencils in his dragons claws. 
Alyosha thanked him, and took them from the dragon’s claws.
He placed them on the table and tore a piece out of the pad. 
“I never thought I would be making little warriors to kill demons that look like zombies.” Alyosha said dryly.
LK chuckled. “You got nothing. I never thought I would make a pact with a demon that sent my soul to be summoned by sorcerers only to end up back on Earth one thousand years later in the body of a knight the size of a hand.”
“Touché.” Alyosha tipped an imaginary hat to him.
He summoned up a ball of Malice, and began to mold it.
He was snapped out of his work by a knock on the door. He glanced at the still unfinished figure. He opened the desk, and slipped it in. “Yes?”
“Are you awake?” Chuck called.
Alyosha rolled his eyes. “What do you think? Americans…”
Chuck pushed the door open. “I was thinking. It doesn’t feel right to just set up shop while zombies are killing everyone left alive on earth. I’m not a fighter, but you are. I’m not asking my daughter or her boyfriend, and Abby has been recruited by them. Logan isn’t a fighter either.” 
Alyosha nodded. “I am ahead of you.”
He opened the desk, and pulled the figurine he was working on out.
“Can you enchant my creations?”
Chuck scratched his head. “I might be able to. I need to try first.”
Alyosha waved at LK. “Enchant his lance.”
Chuck took the miniature lance from the knight, and rolled it between his fingers.
A slight spark leapt into it, and he handed it back to LK.
LK jabbed experimentally with it, and a puny bolt of lightning shot out from it and made a slight burn mark  on a wall.
Alyosha groaned. “I will smell burnt mouse for days.”
Chuck laughed. “That settles it then.”
Alyosha nodded. “Then, we will fight the zombies. And we will kill them. Come back here at midnight.”
Chuck nodded. “Do you want anything to eat?”
“LK will handle anything like that for me.”
Chuck left the room, and shut the door behind him.
Alyosha turned back to his construct, and continued working on it.


Chapter Sixteen

“Alyosha. It is midnight.” 
Alyosha looked up from his finished product, and opened the door. 
Chuck walked into the room. “What are we going to do?”
Alyosha closed the door behind him, and they walked to his desk. 
The little figurine on it stood in a wide stance, its hands holding a massive rapid-fire gun.
He tossed the figure to Chuck. “Enchant that with three things. Make it expand, make it draw ammunition from inside itself, and allow someone to control it from far off. Can you do so?”
Chuck thought for a moment. “Those are some powerful enchantments. I won’t be able to make the figure expand to any larger than a human. I can do the rest.”
Alyosha nodded. “Do it, and then I will have another ready for you when you finish.” 
Chuck nodded, and left the room with the figure.
**********
Leah walked up to Logan and Connor. “Do you know how we’re going to decorate the shop yet?” She asked.
Logan looked at her. “Well, not really. I know where we’ll put the shelves, and the desk. I’ll leave the decorating to you. Just don’t make it all girly.”
“Hey!”
Logan shrugged. “Had to make sure you wouldn’t.”
Connor rolled his eyes. “Let’s go put the shelves in. I already got the wood and nails for them from a carpenter. It only cost two demon claws. I wonder why people value those claws so much. It isn’t that hard to get them. Leah’s claws appear when she’s asleep. Easy to take them.”
Leah frowned. “You’re walking into my room at night?”
Connor grinned. “Nope. LK does.”
She rolled her eyes. “Let’s put the shelves in.”
Abby walked into the store with a sack over her shoulder. 
“I made the shelves.”
“Hey! What do we get to do if you do everything?”
“You can put them in where Logan tells you to.”
Logan grinned. “Yes, you can. Have you made the counter yet?”
Abby shook her head. “Not yet. I came to give you these first. I have the wood to make it though. I’ll bring it here.”
She walked out of the shop.
Logan pointed to a spot on the wall. “Connor, grab the largest shelf. Put the far left end on right here…a little to the left. There!”
Connor held the shelf against the wall as Logan hammered nails into it. 
“How are you putting nails through brick?”
“Chuck enchanted the nails.”
They put all the wood shelves into place just as Abby walked back into the shop with two more sacks.
One clinked to the floor. 
“Hinges.” She explained.
She pulled out several pieces of wood longer than her body from the sack. 
“How did you lug that over here?”
“Animated the sack.”
Leah rolled her eyes. “We should try to do things without our abilities too. We’re getting spoiled.”
Abby shrugged. “Connor, come hold the wood for me.”
When they finished the counter, Abby’s sword jumped off her back. It carefully positioned itself and sawed off part of the bench. 
Abby pulled out two hinges and attached them to the board and the other side of the bench.
“Hey, it’s one of those things you lift up and walk past. Meant to tell people not to come in, but nobody listens!” Leah said.
Abby sighed. “You could say that.”
“Ok. Someone has to go to main base and get paint and two doors.” 
“Why two?” Connor asked.
“One entrance behind the counter, and one in the front of the building.”
“Oh, is THAT why we had two spaces left open for doors?” Logan asked sarcastically.
Connor made a face at him. 
Abby stood up and clapped, disappearing.
“Now look what you did! You scared her away!” Leah cried.
“Whatever. But honestly guys, don’t you think we should do something about the zombies?” Connor asked.
Logan shrugged. “Like what?”
“I don’t know… but there has to be some way we can fight them!”
Leah frowned. “Not without going out there and fighting them. The Guardians told us not to. They already have men out there.”
Logan nodded. “Still. We should try to find a way to fight them.”
His face lit up. “I have an idea! Let’s put bounties on the plague demons! One demon dagger is worth twenty dead zombies!”
Leah grinned. “That’s a great idea!”
“What will we do with the bodies?” Connor asked.
“Dead demon bodies return to hell, leaving all things they owned behind after twenty four hours. That means if they have anything on earth, it will appear where their dead body was!” 
“Didn’t Thaddeus say only a few demons escaped?”
Logan nodded. “Yes, but when the bite a mortal, the mortal turns into one of them. There are probably about ten, twenty thousand running around right now. More every day.”
Abby reappeared with two doors and a box of paints. 
“Abby! Can you start making some random goods? Maybe enchant a knife to carve the demon claws?” Leah asked.
She nodded. “I’ll go do that. But, I’m going to sleep after. You can do the rest on your own.”
She headed out of the shop. 
“I’ll put the doors in with Leah. Logan, you can start painting.” Connor said.
Logan nodded, and walked over to the box of paints while Connor and Leah began to put the doors in. 
An hour later, both doors were firmly in place. Leah opened and closed one. 
“We made this! Sorta cool.”
Logan nodded absently as he painted the counter. “Come help me paint.”
Leah and Connor went over to him and grabbed brushes from the box. They went to one of the unpainted shelves.
“How long will this take to dry?” Leah asked.
“Eh. We’ll leave it until tomorrow. I’ll contact the council tomorrow morning. We should have some goods by then.”
Abby opened the door, and handed Logan a kitchen knife. “That’ll carve the demon claws into knives. Just give it one.”
Logan pulled a claw from his pocket and the knife instantly started on it the second he put it down. 
“It’ll probably take a few hours.” Abby said. 
LK flew through the open doorway. “Claw harvesting!” He crowed.
Leah sighed. “I’m going to harvest your head off with a claw.”
“Bring it on, vile demon!”
Leah’s claws appeared, and she playfully batted at LK.
He pointed his lance at her, and a bolt of lightning zapped her hand, numbing it.
“Hey! What the heck was that?”
His dragon bucked him off, and he flew through the air. He slammed his lance into a claw, snapping it off. He landed back on the dragons back, and tossed the claw to the ground next to the knife. He repeated it another time before Leah moved her hand out of the way. Her claws had already regrown. She turned the shift off, and glared at LK
“Two claws! High score!” He crowed.
Leah rolled her eyes. “I’m going to smack you out of the air one of these days.”
“The day when pigs learn to fly and the moon turns purple.” LK responded, and flew out of the shop.
**********
Alyosha finished another small figurine. Chuck picked it up, and began to enchant it. 
A few minutes later, he looked up from it. “Why are you making so many?” 
Alyosha grinned. “You will see. Is it just me, or are we doing this faster? I have made ten figurines today, and it is not even lunchtime yet.”
Chuck nodded. “You are growing more powerful with your powers. The mage on the council can make a golem within a minute.”
Alyosha raised his eyebrows. “You have any idea how hard it is to make these?”
Chuck nodded. “He makes them from rock and Skyfire.”
Alyosha grunted. “Maybe I will be that good. Maybe not.”
Chuck handed the blacksmith figurine back to Alyosha who put it down in his draw.
“How many more are you going to make?” Chuck asked.
“I will make another blacksmith and then two more after that. Those two will be special.”
Chuck nodded. “Ok. Leah the others have finished the shop. They’re going to ask you to make some stuff for them soon.”
Alyosha nodded. “Yes. I feel like I should spend more time with them. I am spending more time with lifeless statues.”
Chuck nodded. “It would do you well to spend time with people your age.”
“Abby and Logan are not my age.” Alyosha pointed out.
“Close enough.” Chuck replied.
An hour later, Alyosha handed him another blacksmith figure. 
“Come back tomorrow. I will have my special ones done by then.” He said.
Chuck nodded, and finished the enchantment on the blacksmith. He handed it to Alyosha and headed out of the room.
When the door closed, Alyosha reached into the desk and rummaged around. He pulled out a small workshop complete with small pieces of useless Malice, an anvil, a miniature oven, a bucket to cool metal in, and everything a blacksmith would need. He went to the hole he had LK take from the mouse, and pressed his hand against it. The broken wall fell backwards, revealing a small seven foot room. Alyosha slid the blacksmith into it.
“Ignite.” He whispered, and the smith bulged outwards.


It filled the whole room. Alyosha summoned up a few balls of Skyfire. He put one into the bucket, and it liquidated. He tossed one into the furnace, and it began to burn merrily. He put the other two in the blacksmiths he had made, and blew on them. 
Energy left him, but he had come a ways since he had made LK. He panted for a few minutes, and then recovered.
The blacksmiths bowed to him. “Master.” They said.
“I have an important task for you. Make me many more of these.” Alyosha said, giving them several of the lifeless constructs. There was one of each type. An archer, a gunman, a bazooka man, a knight, and an assassin. 
“I need an army. When you finish one, place it in the drawer.” He said.
The blacksmiths nodded, and turned to the scraps of Malice. They picked on up, and a new piece replaced it. Alyosha felt a slight amount of power leave him as the enchantment drew on him to summon a piece of Malice.
He placed the wall back in place, and turned back to his desk.
He began to form another figure.
This one had more armor than any of the others, and a roman helmet. 
Hours later, when he had finished, he held it up. “Yes. I think this will do.”
He grabbed his staff, and concentrated on duplicating it. Malice flowed from the figure and formed into a little duplication the staff, but it was missing the gem on top. He gently pressed the miniature extrusion on the small staff, but nothing happened. “Must need Skyfire. It will have some tomorrow.” He muttered to himself.
He set it on his desk and went to work on the second special one.
**********
“I talked to the council! The portal is in the shop now!” Logan said.
They were standing behind the counter in the shop, while the kitchen knife carved a blade from one of the demon claws.
The shelves were covered in them, along with a few random animated items.
“One of us has to stay here permanently. Maybe we can get Alyosha to make something to watch the shop. I don’t think we’ll have too many people coming…” Logan stopped talking as a man suddenly appeared in the shop.
He looked around briefly, and his eyes landed on them. 
“I wish to speak to the owners of this shop.” He said.
“We’re some of them. The other two are busy.” Leah stated.
The man placed his hands on the counter and squinted at her. 
“Are my eyes failing me? I could have sworn you couldn’t be past eighteen.”
Connor stepped forward. “We’re fifteen.”
“And you’re running this shop?”
“Yes. What do you want?” Alyosha asked as he walked through the front door of the shop.
His staff still sounded like thunder, but it seemed muted.
“Ah, you look much older than them. They are just children!” He said.
“I’m just a year older than them.” Alyosha replied.
The man stared at him for a while, and fell silent. 
“No matter. I would like to browse your wares. I make a point to check out every shop selling unique items right after it opens.”
Alyosha waved his hand around himself. “Go ahead.”
The man walked to one of the shelves, and picked up a knife. The light glinted off of it, revealing a small phrase scratched into it. 
“What is this?” He asked.
“The carver writes those in.” Leah explained. 
“Ah, the weapons are named.”
LK flew into the shop on his dragon. 
“Chuck finished the final enchantments.”
Alyosha nodded. “I will be with him soon.”
LK turned around and flew out of the shop. 
“What was that?” The man asked.
“A construction of mine.” Alyosha replied. 
“That was made of Malice. What powered it?”
“Skyfire.”
“Ah. You must be the mage that controls them both, yes?”
“That I am. Our group are each…unique in our own right.”
“How much for this blade?” The man spun the weapon around in his palm. 
Connor looked at it. “What is its name?”
“This one has the word fire on it.”
Leah nodded. “Ten plague demons.”
The man tilted his head. “Excuse me?”
“We have a different system of currency. We do not charge money. We want to help fight the plague demons, but the Guardians don’t want us out there yet. So, to buy from us you have to kill plague demons and bring their bodies to us.”
The man nodded. “A noble enough cause. I will do as you ask.” He placed the knife on the counter. 
“Please keep that on hold for me. I will return tomorrow with your dead demons.”
“Can we have a name to hold it under?” Leah asked.
The man grinned, showing off spiked teeth. “Baal.”
He disappeared just as quickly as he had come. 
Logan gulped. “G…guys. My ability tells me that Ball was the general of Hell’s armies. We just sold a dagger to a Demon Lord.”

Chapter Seventeen

Alyosha burst out laughing. “We never seem to lay low, do we?”
Connor groaned. “I hope he doesn’t bring us a bunch of live plague demons.”
“He cannot. The portal will not allow anyone with ill intent through it.” Logan said.
Leah took out a piece of brown wrapping paper and tried to wrap the dagger. 
“Give that to me!” Logan snatched the weapon and paper from her.
He quickly wrapped the paper around it, and wrote “Baal” on it with a sharpie.
“Where did you get that?” Leah asked.
“Front desk.”
“I am going to my room. You can handle any more visitors?” Alyosha asked.
Leah nodded, and he headed out of the store.
Chuck was already in the room, waiting with the two special figurines. 
“They’re enchanted.” He said.
Alyosha grinned. 
“Perfect.”
He pulled the whole drawer of figurines out. It seemed to keep going until he had pulled it to the other end of the room. 
Figurines were stacked on top of each other, probably a few hundred total.  Alyosha noticed a few different figurines as well. They were bulkier and shorter than the others, and each carried a huge axe.
The draw next to it opened to reveal an equal amount of  little one man jets. 
“These jets took me almost a day to figure out. I was lucky that I convinced Logan that I wanted to learn about them. I got floor plans like that.”
Chuck nodded. “Ok. Can you activate them?”
Alyosha nodded. “Take down my window.”
Chuck pressed the emergency release buttons in the window, and it fell backwards. He grabbed it before it hit the ground. He pulled it inside. 
“Ok.”
Alyosha gripped his staff tightly with his hands, and brought it down on the ground. 
He felt the power rush out of him and into the staff’s crystal. It pulsated with Skyfire.
A massive ball of Skyfire roared out of the staff, and hovered above the room. Alyosha brought it slamming down into all the figurines and jets, and it was instantly absorbed.
Sweat dripped down his brow. 
“When I blow on them, I think I will faint. Give me five minutes, and I will be fine again. Do not say anything during that time.”
He took a deep breath, and exhaled over the figurines. A rush of power left him instantly, and he fell back against the wall. 
He gasped for breath, and put a hand over his heart. 
“Next time, I do one at a time.” He wheezed.
“Look at me.” Alyosha commanded.
All their heads swiveled towards him. 
“We are going to war. Demons are taking over earth. You were all once citizens of earth, and she needs you now. It is time to repay her. Kill the demons outside this island!”
The little army roared in agreement. 
“LK will lead you. Good luck to all!”
LK and his dragon perched on the window. “Get in your jets! We engage the devils now!” He cried, and led a roaring brigade of little fighters out of the island.
“I made two special ones for us. They both have more armor and Skyfire, and will replenish themselves on their own. They do not have anything controlling them, so we must do it on our own. I called no spirit into them. Any of the others can be controlled as well, but they are much weaker.”
Left on his table were two special figures standing at attention and two jets.
Alyosha quickly wrote a note saying they would be back soon and left it on his table. He released his staff, and it disappeared.
“Touch your figurine, and you will enter it. If it is killed, you will come back here. The demons cannot kill us, but we can be hurt. All things will be left in that body though. So, you can feel pain, but if you die there, you come back here.”
Alyosha tapped a finger against the figure, and there was a rush of power as he felt himself slam into the little metal centurion. 
His fake staff shattered, revealing a small version of his real one. 
He pressed the extrusion, and the blade flicked out. “See? Just needed Skyfire.”
He rapped it on the table. “Chuck?”
The figurine with two massive guns over his back nodded to him. “I have two rapid fire guns over my shoulder and a bazooka tube over my head. What could go wrong?” Chuck quipped.
Alyosha climbed into his Jet. “Let’s go catch up to the other fighters!”
The controls were simple. A steering wheel and throttle. 
He pushed the throttle, and blasted through the open window. 
Chuck was close behind him. 
They flew over the island, and then turned towards the coast. They saw the other fighters zooming over the town, looking for a target. They accelerated, and entered the cloud of jets.
“Demons spotted northwest! Advance!” A voice said.
The whole cloud turned lightly to their left, and began to lower. Alyosha and Chuck followed them. 
“Snake! I feel tingly!” Chuck yelled.
“That must be your enchantment! We will take full size when we get near zombies! Here we go!”
There was a blast as all the soldiers turned to the size of a human. Snake landed on his feet. “Allright men, listen up! Group up behind Chuck, myself, or one of the commanders! Then advance and kill all the plague demons!”
About fifty soldiers walked up behind him. 
“Good luck, Snake.”
“You too, Tank.”
Chuck snorted. “Tank?”
“Yep. You have two guns and a missile launcher. Definitely a tank.”
Alyosha could almost see Chuck roll his eyes. “Lets get em!”
Alyosha summoned his staff, and slammed it on the ground. The blade snapped out. “Let’s go!”
They charged towards the middle of the city. 
Alyosha paused at a grocery store. He turned in, and several of his troops followed him while the others waited outside. 
He saw a zombie, and swung the scythe at it. It split it apart, and Skyfire ate the rest of the beast up. 
“Bring this place to the ground!” Alyosha roared.
He lobbed a ball of Skyfire at the back wall, melting it away. There was chaos as plague demons came out from everywhere and soldiers opened fire.
An arrow whizzed past him and took down a zombie about to sneak up on him. 
He focused his power into the staff, and a hand made of Skyfire blasted from the ground and smashed several demons. 
The fighting was brutal but swift. Dozens of demons lay dead on the ground. His entire platoon hadn’t taken a single loss. 
“Good work! Retrievers, take these bodies back to Base.”
Several buglike creations flew down and grabbed the bodies before flying away. 
“What are these bug things? I don’t remember making them?” Chuck asked through  his enchanted mic.
“Last minute addition. Remember that little enchanter guy I had you make? He enchanted them.”
“Oh.”
When the bugs had cleared the battlefield off, they continued through the city destroying demons. 
Alyosha and his troops reached a residential area and slowed down. 
“Don’t hurt any humans!” He called to them.
He strode into the first house, and melted two zombies in it. “Men! I believe the demons are attracted by noise! Make as much noise as you can!”
There was an earthshattering blast from a mile or two away. 
“Snake, what the hell does this bazooka shoot?”
“Ah, you used it.  You’re getting a party soon. Get ready!”
Alyosha slammed his staff into the ground a few times, sending up thunderclaps. 
Plague demons emerged from all around, and the soldiers attacked again. 
This attack was stronger than the last, and Alyosha heard several constructs explode when they were destroyed. 
He hurled a ball of Skyfire into a nearby demon and slashed another into two pieces. 
The skirmishes continued for the rest of the day, and well into the night. 
“Battalions, meet up! Come to the bank.” Alyosha called into his headset.
 A few minutes later, the remaining soldiers marshalled around the bank. They were missing about fifty men, and about ten times that had been “killed”.
A dead demon stirred, and rubbed his head. He sat up, and screamed. Alyosha knelt next to him. “Do not worry. The devils are dead.”
The man gibbered for a minute, but stopped when he realized he was safe. “Go in the bank.” Alyosha said. 
The man nodded, and ran inside. 
“Tank! Our weapons are Skyfire, and I was hoping they would purify any turned humans. I was correct in that assumption. If you see any humans, send them to the bank. The carriers are taking the bodies of the demons to the island to get their possessions. All other bodies are still alive. Send out scout parties to retrieve humans. Go!”
About ten troops ran up to Alyosha. “We will scout for humans. The rest of the Snakes will stay at the bank and protect it. You might want to return to your land until later on. We will protect your vessel.”
Snake would have raised his eyebrow if he had one. “Thank you.”
“Tank! Enter the bank and depower. We can return later.”
Alyosha willed himself back in his room, and he reappeared. 
“Whew. That was…exiting!” Chuck said.
Alyosha nodded in agreement. The soldiers will destroy the demons. I can no longer call them nezhit, or undead anymore, can I?”
Chuck shrugged. “They still look like zombies.”
“Do you think the others noticed we were gone?” Alyosha asked.
Chuck shrugged. “I don’t think so. They probably had their hands full with the shop. I’m heading to bed, I’m exhausted.”
Alyosha nodded. “I am as well.”
**********
The rest of the day passed quickly. There were a few more customers, but none as dangerous as Baal. 
Right as Logan was about to turn the portal off for the day, a plague demon tumbled through the portal. A rush of corpses fell out of the portal. It continued for almost a minute before Baal stepped out of the portal. The smell of brimstone filled the air.
“I’m glad we made the shop so big.” Leah muttered.
A grin was plastered on his face. “If you count, you will find exactly fifty corpses here. I found ten too easy to kill, and I needed to spend my energy on something. Hopefully, I can cash these in for credit for a more…expensive item later.”
Connor closed his eyes and concentrated. The corpses climbed to their hands and knees, and crawled out of the shop. They collapsed in the field around them.
Baal raised his eyebrows. “You have a Necromancer in your group?”
Connor shook his head. “No, I controlled the water inside them.”
Ball nodded in respect to Connor. “Not an easy task. I wish to speak with one of your group. I have a special request for him.”
Abby frowned. “Who?”
“I want to speak with the one called Snake.” He replied.
“What business do you have with him?” Leah asked.
“His abilities are something unheard of. I witnessed them firsthand when he and his men destroyed about five hundred plague demons about an hour ago.” His eyes glinted with desire.
“Are you sure it was him? He has been in his room all day.” Logan said. 
“Humor me.”
Logan shrugged. “Abby, could you go get him?” 
Abby nodded, and her sword rushed off her back and towards the hotel. 

Chapter Eighteen

Baal leaned against a wall. “So, you are the group that everyone is so roused up about. I think I can see why. Teenagers with two adults. And you wield more power than half the geezers in the Guardians council. But why would the councils of Heaven and Hell care? Your power does not even hold a candle to them. Why indeed…”
Leah shrugged. “We’re just unusual.” 
Baal smirked. “Nobody is unusual. There are normal people. They don’t stand out, and they have no meaning. Cannon fodder. Then there are special people. Outcasts from the normal ones not because of fault of their own, but because they are more. Humans hate what is better than them. What you are good at, someone is better. You are never the best. That doesn’t change the normal people from hating those who are better than them though. You are not normal, I am sure of that. But, what are you?”
Logan shrugged. “There are only two options. Process of elimination.”
Baal grinned. “No, there is a third type. There are Dead people as well. And they just don’t matter.”
Abby returned with Alyosha trailing at her heels. 
“What do you want?” He asked.
Baal nodded slightly to Leah, Logan, and Connor, and turned to Alyosha.
“You killed five hundred demons earlier today.” He stated.
Alyosha nodded. “Do you have a problem with that?”
Baal shook his head. “No. They were not under my command. I want to know how a single mortal did that.”
“No offense, but your demons are really, really stupid. You make a lot of noise and ambush them.”
Baal nodded. “True. But they would tear a human to pieces. A single human stands no chance against one, much less five hundred. Even a council member would have trouble doing so.”
“Well, I had help.”
“Oh? Who helped you, Snake?” Baal asked.
“One of this group.”
“Ah, the other enchanter.” Baal said.
Alyosha nodded.
“That is still nowhere near enough to kill that many demons.”
“I had a little help from others as well.” Alyosha said.
“Who else helped you?” Baal asked eagerly.
“Oh, a few hundred constructs made from Malice and Skyfire.”
Baal glared at him. “You mock me. That is unwise, mortal.”
Alyosha rolled his eyes. “I have no reason to lie. Come see for yourself.”
Baal followed him out the front door, and Alyosha pointed at the roof of the store where the lanky construct was perched.
“That is one of them.”
Baal stared at the thing, and nodded. He headed back inside and Alyosha followed him. 
“How much would it cost to have you make me a sword?” He asked Alyosha
“We have many daggers here.” Alyosha waved around the shop.
Baal glared at him. “You know what I speak of. One made with your power.”
Alyosha frowned. “You would not be able to use it.”
“Oh? Why is that?”
Alyosha summoned his staff, and tossed it to Baal.
Baal lightly grabbed it, and yelled in pain as it began to burn him. He dropped the weapon, and Alyosha caught it.
Baal looked at his hands. “What is that?”
“A staff made from Malice and Skyfire.”
“How can you hold it?”
Alyosha showed him his power absorbing glove. 
“This absorbs the power of the staff and allows me to hold it.”
“How much for a glove and a sword?” Baal prodded.
“One thousand plague demons.” Alyosha said firmly.
Baal nodded. “Deal. I will return at exactly noon tomorrow. Have your water controller ready to take them somewhere. They will have a few hours of a body left on them.”
Alyosha nodded, and Baal disappeared. 
“What’s this about killing five hundred zombies without us?” Leah spun towards Alyosha.
“You were busy.” Alyosha tried.
Leah frowned at him. 
“Abby, get him.”
He yelped, and sprinted away as Abby charged him. Leah and the others laughed and followed.
He led them out to the field, and spun.
“I do not want to play now. Let me sleep.”
Leah smirked. “This is what you get for going without us!”
He turned and ran again, sending bolts of Skyfire at them.
“Don’t worry! Those can’t hurt anyone innocent!” Logan yelled, and ran right through a ball of it. 
“Leave me alone!” Alyosha yelled.
“Never!” Abby called back.
“Protect me!” He roared.
There was a loud crash as a large hammer spun through a window and slammed into the ground in front of Abby. 
She couldn’t stop fast enough, and tripped over it.
She rolled, and stood shakily. “What was that?”
A blacksmith jumped out of the window, and landed next to his hammer. He picked it up and stood in front of Alyosha.
Alyosha grinned from behind it. “I want to sleep. Go away.”
Leah shifted and attacked the blacksmith. 
“Not until we get you!”
The blacksmith swung its hammer down, and Leah absorbed the hit. “Hah! Tough skin, sucker!”
Abby ran past the blacksmith towards Alyosha.
“I am starting to think you are wanting to really hurt me!” He yelled.
“I can’t promise that we won’t!” Leah replied.
He summoned a ball of Malice.
“Stay back.”
Abby smirked. “You wouldn’t throw that at me.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I promise not to permanently injure you?” She asked sweetly.
“I don’t.” A harsh voice whispered.
A long arm snapped around, and sent Abby flying. 
It strode forward, and slammed its hands down where she was.
She rolled out of the blow. “I thought this thing was dead! Connor, help me!”
“I don’t have any water!” He yelled.
Alyosha chuckled. “Promise not to maim me. Funny.”
He turned around, and entered the hotel.
The blacksmith lashed out with its foot, throwing Leah back a bit, and smashed one of the hotel’s windows. It vaulted through, and disappeared.
When they had both left, the construct loped back to its place on the roof and froze.
Abby rubbed her stomach. “I’m pissed he went without us.”
Leah nodded. “Yeah! Why didn’t Alyosha take us with him? He isn’t stronger than us.”
“I’m going next time.” Connor stated.
“I’m not. I only joined this because you guys were doing it and it looked fun. I’m not a fighter.”
“If we can’t beat him, he’ll never let us come. He had to somehow leave the island, but not actually set foot outside with his own body.”
“Maybe he sent some constructs out?” Logan suggested. 
“But that wouldn’t be him fighting, it would be constructs. How did he go with them?” Leah asked.
“Maybe he found a way to transfer his mind into a construct?” Logan asked.
Leah frowned. “That would definitely work. And, he was in his room all day today. I bet that’s when he did it!”
Abby grinned. “Great! We go to his room and apprehend him. Then, we don’t let him leave until he lets us come with him!”
Chapter Nineteen

“How are we going to stop him from leaving?” Connor asked.
“I could poke him with my claws until he lets us come?” Leah suggested.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. He is just as powerful as you guys. What if he wants to get rid of you, and uses the wrong hand?”
An image of dissolving to a ball of Malice flashed through Connor’s head.
“Uh, maybe we should just ask?”
“But he wouldn’t learn his lesson!” Abby said.
“Do we have to be the ones to teach it to him?” Logan asked.
“Who else will?” Leah asked.
“Does it bloody matter? He was killing demons! There was nothing done wrong!”
“I’m not going to attack him. I’ll just ask him if I can go next time.” Connor said. 
He headed off to Alyosha’s hotel room.
Leah sighed. “I guess we don’t have a choice.” They all headed towards Alyosha’s room.
**********
“Those people are crazy.” Alyosha muttered. 
He held a ball of Malice and Skyfire in his hands. He pressed them together, and formed a glove like his own. 
He held it up for inspection. It seemed identical to the ones he wore. He went to try it on, but swooned. 
“I’m using too much energy…” He muttered sleepily.
He stumbled out of his chair, but didn’t make it to his bed. He plopped down against the edge of the bed, and fell asleep with the third glove in his hands.
**********
Leah knocked on the door of room number one. There was no answer. 
“You think he’s hiding from us?” Connor asked.
“No, he isn’t the type to do that. He’s probably concentrating.”
“Oh. Let’s just go in then.” Abby said.
Logan shook his head wildly. “No! If he isn’t paying attention and we walk in, he could think we were enemies and attack us with malice. Besides, he could be taking a shower…”
“He isn’t that strong to be worried about.” Abby said.
Logan nodded. “We’re all dangerous. It would be a bad idea to surprise anyone.”
“Well, we have to talk to him. Just get ready to duck I guess.” Leah said.
“Wait! He could be taking a shower!” Logan said again. 
“Whatever. He can grab a towel.” Abby said.
Connor took out a water bottle and formed a key. He opened the door, and they crept inside.
Alyosha was propped up against the bed, and appeared to be sleeping.
“We could ambush him now.” Abby suggested.
“You’re supposed to be the mature one here!” Logan hissed.
“He has another one of his gloves.” Leah noted.
“He was probably working on Baal’s weapon.” Logan said.
“We should just leave him alone.” Connor said, and turned to leave.
Leah grabbed the edge of his shirt. “But then he won’t take us to fight the demons the next time he goes!”
“What are we going to do? Just wait here until he wakes up?” Connor asked.
Abby headed into his bathroom, and filled the empty trash can with water. She walked back to them, and dumped it over Alyosha.
Logan yelped, and dove for cover.
Alyosha’s eyes snapped open. One burned a deep black while the other a quiet yellow.
His staff appeared in his hands, and he lunged forward blindly, scythe swinging. 
Leah ducked.
“Abby! What the hell did you do that for?” Logan yelled.
“I had to wake him up somehow.”
Alyosha froze. Connor stood at the doorway, his eyes closed in concentration. 
“I’m holding him. The only thing that can move is his mouth. Maybe he’ll come to his senses.”
“Well, I guess you could say this is payback for not taking us with him.” Leah grinned.
Sweat dripped down Connors face. “Guys, he is really straining against my power. I’m not sure I can hold him for much longer, maybe another few minutes.”
Leah slowly waked up to him and prodded him with a claw. “Alyosha? We beat you, so can we come with you to fight the zombies the next time you go?”
There was a quiet growl in his throat.
“Connor can hold you like this until you agree.” Leah lied.
His face grew more composed.
“You woke me up by dumping cold water on me, then had Connor take control over the water in me. You fight like a cheater, and expect to allow me to give you command of one of my battalions?
Leah shrugged. “You don’t fight fair in real life.”
“You’re shifted right now, right?”
Leah nodded. “Yes, why?”
“Because I’m just pissed, I don’t want to kill you.” He said as the blacksmith swung his hammer down like a golf club.
There was a loud bang, and Leah was thrown into the wall. Connor lost his concentration, and he fell backward. 
“Get the hell out of my room.” He growled.
“Alyosha, we just want to come with you hand fight the demons! We feel the same way you do!”
The blacksmith strode to Leah, and picked her up. 
“Are you ok?” He asked.
Leah groaned. “That hurt less than I expected it to.”
“Good for you. Get out of my room. All of you. You want to fight zombies? Find your own way. Pay someone to get me to build a construct and buy it off him. I don’t care. But don’t ask me to give it to you.”
The blacksmith walked over to the door, and placed Leah outside.
The rest of them quietly left as well. The blacksmith walked to the door. 
“The Master is just tired. You chose a bad time to aggravate him. But, he pretty much just told you to hire someone to be a middleman to get your suit of armor.”
The blacksmith slammed the door shut, leaving them standing in the hall.
“That went well.” Logan said.
Abby sighed. “Wonderfully.”

Chapter Twenty

“Baal should be here soon. Connor, get ready to get rid of the demons.” Chuck said.
Connor nodded just as a flood of demons began to fall into the shop. 
They picked themselves up, and staggered out of the building to pile up  around it. 
The stream continued for another ten minutes, and suddenly stopped.
Connor led the last of the demons out of the shop, and collapsed to the floor. 
Baal stepped through the gate. “Your necromancer needs more practice.” He stated.
“I’m not a necromancer!” Connor wheezed.
Alyosha strode up to Baal. 
“Here is your sword.”
He lunged forward, and slammed the Skyfire and Malice sword through Baal’s chest.
Baal staggered back, his hands feebly grasping at the sword. 
“Remove your enchantment from us, and drop the act. I didn’t hit anything vital.”
Baal grinned slightly, and dropped his hands to his side. He stepped backwards, and Alyosha left the sword embedded in him. 
“What are you doing?” Abby asked, taking a step towards Alyosha. 
“How did you know?” Baal asked.
LK flew up to Alyosha. “I was in Hell for a thousand years. I know the stench of a demon curse.”
Baal glared at LK. “You will regret this.”
Alyosha stepped forward, and grabbed the sword. 
“Remove the curse from all of us now. It either ends when you tell it to, or when you die.”
“You cannot kill a demon, mortal.”
“I can send one back to hell for a few thousand years.” Alyosha replied.
Baal gave Alyosha and LK a look of pure hate, and waved his hand. He mumbled a few words under his breath.
The smell of brimstone came again, Leah winced. 
She rubbed at her head. “What the heck was that?”
Alyosha tossed Baal a glove. “Leave here, and do not come back.
Baal pulled the sword out of himself, spraying blood everywhere. He glared at them one last time, and disappeared.
“Did…we try to attack you for no reason last night?” Abby asked. She sat down on the floor.
Alyosha grunted. “It was a curse. Baal made you want to attack me, and weakened your powers greatly. By more than three quarters. He made me tired and anger more easily. I am not sure why. He also gave power to my Malice builder on top of the shop.”
“I didn’t want to attack you.” Logan said.
“But you helped. It doesn’t matter. We should be more careful around demons.”
“Where were you the whole time?” Logan asked Chuck. 
“Ah…” He glanced at Alyosha.
Alyosha nodded. “Go ahead.”
“I was enchanting soldiers Alyosha made for you guys to use.”
“Well, Crap.” Connor said.
“We should take this as a lesson. LK can check us over every time a demon comes in here.” Chuck said.
LK nodded. “By the way, we’re stuck in here. There is a pile of demons taller than this shop around us.”
“I’m too tired to do anything. Can’t we just wait an hour for them to disappear?” Connor asked.
“They could each have one hundred gold coins on them. We would be killed by an avalanche of gold.” Abby said dryly.
“Who’s going to have one hundred pieces of gold to their name?” Leah asked.
“Anyone who can afford to buy a house.” Logan said.
“How much is a gold coin worth?”
“It ranges on its size. If it is the standard size, then ten dollars.” Logan replied.
“It has to be worth more than that!” Abby said.
“If you were to trade it in, it might be worth more like one hundred. Don’t forget, gold isn’t so rare in the…supernatural community.”
“It’s hardly supernatural. That’s vampires and stuff.” Leah said.
“Do you have a better way to describe it?” Logan asked.
“Leah could dig us out of here.” Alyosha suddenly said.
They turned to him. 
“What are you talking about?” Leah asked.
“You could easily push the zombies out of the way in your shifted form.”
“I don’t think I can push a few hundred bodies.”
“Plague demons can rip people apart. That is more than enough strength. Just try.” Alyosha said.
She shrugged, and walked up to the door. Alyosha took the handle, and twisted it. 
“Don’t put all your power into it. You don’t want to punch holes in them.”
Leah shifted, and gave him a nod.
Alyosha yanked the door open, and Leah quickly threw her shoulder against the mass of demons.
There was a muffled thump, and the mountain of demons shifted away from them a little.
Leah shoved it again, and they gained a few feet. 
“Ok, hit it a bit harder.” Alyosha said.
“I can’t!”
“Yes you can. I saw these things rip a house into pieces.” Alyosha replied.
“Maybe I don’t have their full power!”
He sighed, and knelt down next to her. 
“What are you doing?” Leah asked.
“I promise to buy you new clothing after this.” He said.
“Ah…what?”
Alyosha suddenly grabbed her ankles, and spun her around. He lugged her towards the pile of zombies, and she yelped.
Her arms instinctively crossed in front of her face, and she slammed into the wall. 
Her crossed arms impacted the demons, and they were thrown in every direction. 
“I can see the sunlight again.” Alyosha noted dryly.
Leah picked herself up from the ground. 
“What. The. Hell.”
“What? It worked, and I said I would buy you new clothes.”
Leah pushed a severed arm off her shoulder. 
“That was disgusting.”
“Bah. It will disappear in…about five minutes.”
 One of the demons shimmered, and faded away. In its place laid a few coins and a toothbrush.
“A homeless demon that brushes its teeth?” Abby asked in disbelief.
Chuck shrugged. “We all have our weird ones.”
The rest of the demons disappeared as well, each leaving behind a pile of possessions.
The grime disappeared off of Leah along with the demons.
“See?  All gone.” Alyosha said cheerfully.
“Next time, I’m throwing you into the pile of zombies.” Leah replied.
“I would just splat against them.”
“You would deserve it.” Leah grumbled.
“Stop pouting. You weren’t trying to use your powers on your own. I just had to help you.”
“Let’s go to the soldiers already. We’re wasting time.” Chuck said.
“Aren’t you the least bit concerned that I was just thrown into a pile of dead bodies?” Leah asked.
“Nope. You could probably be thrown into a tank and not be hurt.”
“I would If the tank ran over me.”
“Then don’t let the tank run over you. Come on.” Alyosha said.
They headed to his room, and he revealed several soldiers. 
“Choose one. I don’t care which. Then get into one of the jets and just follow LK.”
Leah picked up one of the women soldiers. “Where is this one’s weapons?”
“Your abilities stay with you. I think they are up here,” Alyosha tapped his head, “Not here.” He pointed at his chest.
Leah shrugged. “This one will work for me then.”
Connor picked up a Roman soldier with a rectangular shield and a spear. “I always wanted one of these things.” He said, tapping a finger against the spear.
He jerked his hand away. “This is sharp!” He accused.
Alyosha nodded. “How would you stab anything if it wasn’t?”
Abby picked up a soldier with several bags and a large broadsword. “This weapon looks like mine.”
Alyosha nodded. “Yep. That one is yours. The bags have a bunch of things you can animate.”
“Do I have one?” Logan asked eagerly. 
“I thought you didn’t fight.” Leah said.
“Well, that’s because I can’t. I don’t have any fighting abilities.”
“This one doesn’t take any skill to use.” Alyosha passed him a figure holding a wide nosed gun connected to a large box on its back.
“This looks a lot like a flamethrower.” Logan said.
“Just don’t point it at anyone on our side.” Alyosha warned.
He summoned up several balls of power, and sent them into the constructions.
“Remember. Get in the jets there.” He pointed at the toylike planes. 
He exhaled heavily, and Leah felt a rush as her mind slammed into the figures. 
Instantly, her ears were filled with shouts and commands. 
“Scout team seven reporting in! There’s a group of humans hiding in a gun shop! They have managed to hold the demons off so far, but they’re going to be overrun soon! I need backup to take the demons out!”
“Agreed. Twenty men coming your way.” A Centurion replied.
She looked up to see Alyosha looming over her. 
“Testing.” Abby said.
“Commander! Welcome aboard.” A Centurion said.
“Who, me?” Abby asked.
“Yes, Commander Life.”
Abby rolled her eyes. “Who gave me that codename?”
“That would be General Snake, ma’am.”
Abby glared at Alyosha.
He scooped Leah, Logan, Connor, and Abby up and deposited them next to the jets.
“I’ll meet you at the bank. It’s our refugee spot. Follow LK.” He said, and disappeared along with Chuck.
“Is there anywhere we are needed?” Logan asked.
“No, Commander Brain. You should all come to the refugee defense station immediately so you can take charge of your unit.”
There was a roar next to Logan as a jet started up and flew off.

Chapter Twenty One

Leah could see the small form of a construct piloting it. 
“How often do reinforcement units arrive?” She asked.
“About one man every hour, Commander Slayer.”
“Hold up. Slayer? That doesn’t make any sense.”
“You are the slayer of Demons. You punched out hundreds of them a few minutes ago.” The centurion replied.
Leah groaned. “How do you know about that?”
“We have air units returning to the island with dead demons.” He replied.
Leah shook her head. “I need a cooler name.”
“Let’s go. We can talk later.” Logan said.
He hopped into one of the jets, and pulled the top down over himself.
Leah and Connor climbed into their jets as well.
When Abby had entered her Jet, LK took off. “Follow me!”
“How do I turn this on?” Leah asked.
She pressed the throttle forward, and blasted out of the open window. 
“Oh shoot!” She yelled, her cry lost in the wind. 
“Slayer! Pull the throttle back a bit!” Alyosha commanded.
Leah edged the lever back, and felt herself slow down. 
“Your planes are dangerous.” She muttered.
“Just follow LK.” Abby said.
Three jets pulled up next to her.
One spun in a slow circle. 
“Whee! Barrel roll!” Logan called.
“Stop screwing around!” Chuck called over the connection. 
Logan straightened his plane, and flew after LK.
“How much longer is the flight?” He asked.
“The flight length from the Base to the bank is ten minutes total. We are passing over the city now, slow your jet down and lower altitude.” LK said.
Leah tilted the throttle back more, and pointed the nose of her jet down. 
“I feel really tingly!” She said.
“That’s normal. Aim for the bank’s footsteps.” LK called.
“Hey, how do we land?” Logan called.
There was a crack as Leah felt her construct suddenly expand and smash out of the jet. She landed on the footsteps of the bank and crashed into Logan.
They both fell in a heap. 
Logan pushed her off. “Watch it! If you did that to me outside the armor, I would be flat!”
“Are you calling me fat?” Leah quipped.
“No, I’m calling you strong enough to flatten a house.”
Connor tumbled out of the air, and bowled into Leah.
Logan burst into laughter. “Karma!”
Connor rolled off of her. “Whoops. Sorry.”
Logan and Leah lunged off of the steps as Abby landed gracefully where they were.
Leah stuck her tongue out at her. “That didn’t look cool. Doing a crash landing is the way to go.”
“Way to die, more like it.” Abby replied.
“Commanders! I respectfully request you stop talking and get here double time!” A Centurion called from the bank.
They pushed the door open and ran inside.
Connor shut it behind them.
There were hundreds of fighters in the bank. 
Leah easily spotted Alyosha at the front of one of the legions talking to his soldiers.
A massive construct was next to him. 
The large construct turned to them. 
“Ah, you’re here! Hurry over. We have to assign you to a unit.” Chuck said.
“Ch…” Logan began.
“Tank! Do not use your real names here. You don’t know who is listening in. We aren’t supposed to be here, and the Guardians may tell us to stop of they know.” Alyosha barked.
Logan nodded. “Sorry, it just sounds stupid.”
“Better stupid than dead. Brain, you’ll stay here and use your ability to give us all commands.”
Logan nodded. “I can do that.”
“Good. Slayer, you will lead an assault team. Go where Brain sends you and wipe out the demons. Control, you will lead rescue missions. Find the humans, kill the demons, and get back here as fast as you can.” Alyosha said.
Connor nodded. “I assume I am Control?” 
“Yes. Life, you will be coordinating the scout groups. That includes going with them when they enter a dangerous area. I’ll give you all a map that marks the areas with the most demons. 
Abby nodded. “Right.”
The door flew open, and twenty or so constructs ran in. “Demons incoming! We have ten humans with us!”
The rough circle parted to reveal several people. A few of them held guns. 
The room snapped into action. 
A large soldier stomped up to a vault door, and swung the massive wheel on it. It screeched open, and the people ran inside. 
“You will be transferred to suitable quarters very soon. Be patient.” He said, and slammed the vault door shut. It spun the wheel, locking it into place.
“Slayer! Take unit one and go remove the threat!” Logan called.
Fifty soldiers ran up to Leah and stared at her expectantly. 
She gulped. “Ah…let’s go!”
She turned around, and shifted.
Two constructs at the door nodded at her, and pulled the doors open. 
They ran out, and immediately locked onto a crowd of zombies fighting a few constructs.
Leah ran forward, and slammed her clawed fist into the first demon she reached.
It doubled over, and her fist tore right through it. She continued on, and the demon fell to the ground in two pieces.
Behind her, the soldiers opened fire with what weapons they had.
A mounted knight rushed past her and swept a sword across a demon’s chest. 
Leah stepped forward, and brought her claws across the things throat to finish the job. 
A demon jumped at the knight, and pulled him off his horse.
The horse reared up, and kicked the a demon in front of it across the street into a house.
The knight slammed a dagger into the demon’s chest and pushed it off. He jumped back on his horse and rode back to the crowd of soldiers. 
A seemingly dead demon lunged up, and tore the back legs off his horse. It toppled forward, and smashed into pieces on the ground. He jumped off of it, and killed it with a slash.
He turned back towards the rest of the horde, and waited behind Leah. 
“How many more mounted fighters do we have?” She asked.
About ten fighters stepped forward.
“Ok, you rush forward on your horses. Right before you get to the demons, turn to a side. Then, the long ranged troops will open fire. Go!”
The mounted men charged forward, and the gunmen and archers took aim at their backs.
The charge broke apart, and projectiles ripped into the demons. 
“Finish them off!” A Centurion called from her unit. 
He hurled a spear at a demon, and jumped onto it. He yanked the spear out, and engaged the next demon.
The rest of the legion attacked with him. 
“Did you terminate them?” Alyosha asked over the mic.
“We’re wiping off the dregs out now.” She replied.
“Good. We need you to go with Control’s group as soon as you can. One of our scouts found a party of people in an apocalypse bunker. The Demons are going to smash through the fortifications soon.” Alyosha said.
“Right. We’re ready.” Leah said after the last demon was decapitated.
There was a buzz as several huge buglike things flew down and grabbed the dead bodies before flying away.
They left about one half of the bodies where they were. A moment later, a few of them sat up. 
“They turned back to human?” Leah asked.
“The Skyfire does it. It purifies the demons. The wounds inflicted by it stay with the demons and it doesn’t harm mortals.” Chuck said.
A troop of soldiers exited the bank with Connor at the front. 
“Come on! We don’t have much time!” He gasped.
Leah rallied her unit, and they ran after Connor. 
“How far away are they?”
“The scouts told me the bunker was next to a Kmart.”
“That Kmart?” Leah asked, pointing to a large cement building.
“That one.” Connor confirmed.
Leah spotted a large crowd out of the corner of her eye.
“There it is!”
“Right. I’ll freeze the uglies, you go in and grab the humans. Our units will kill and purify them while I hold them. Go!”
He held his hands up like he was trying to balance himself, and closed his eyes. The crowd of demons stopped moving around. The soldiers surged forward, and began massacring the demons. 
Leah ran past the demons and into the bunker. She punched the head off of one Demon that Connor had missed, and quickly descended down the steps. She came to a thick steel door.
“Open the door! I’m a friend!” Leah called.
“How do we know you aren’t a zombie?” A young man called back.
“They can’t speak! Hurry, while they can’t move!” Leah yelled.
“You’re a lunatic! They’ll tear us to shreds!”
“No they won’t! They can’t move!” Leah yelled.
The door opened slightly, and an eye peered out. When no demons revealed themselves, it opened more.
“You’re one of them! The man screamed, and tried to slam the door shut.
Leah put her hand in the way, and it slammed shut on her.
“Ouch. Stop it! I’m not a demon.” She said.
Leah pulled the door open, and stood in front of them. 
“I would have killed you already if I was. Now we have to hurry back to a safe spot. Nobody is going to hurt you…”
A man laughed darkly behind her. 
Leah turned around and found herself face to face with Baal.
“Hello, little mortal.”
He reached past her stunned form, and tore the steel door from its hinges. He slammed it down over her head, and tossed it behind him.
“We’re going to have so much fun!” He grinned darkly.
Leah snapped out of her surprise and threw a punch at him.
He allowed it to smash into his face. He didn’t even rock back.
“You should learn to respect your betters.”
He slammed his fist into her stomach, and she doubled over. He grabbed her hair, and lifted her into the air.
“You should learn not to annoy a demon lord.” He whispered.
“Your…breath smells like salt.” Leah wheezed.
Baal bared his teeth at her. “You should learn when to shut up.”
He pulled the sword Alyosha had made him out of its sheathe, and tapped her lightly on the stomach with it. 
Leah gasped in pain.
Baal grinned. “I’ll kill you quickly.”
He brought his sword back, and slammed it into her stomach up to the hilt.
Or he would have, but Alyosha brought his scythe down over the hand holding her, cutting it off, and pushed her out of the way with his shoulder.
The sword buried itself inside Alyosha, and he stumbled backwards.
Leah hit her head against the wall so hard she dented it, and slid to the floor. Baal waved his hand towards her, and she felt an impossibly heavy weight settle over her.
She pried her eyes open with a huge amount of effort and watched helplessly.
Baal strode over to Alyosha. 
“Ah, how the tides have turned. Was it not just some time ago when our positions were reversed?
Alyosha spat at Baal. 
Alyosha’s staff tumbled from his fingers and clanged against the floor. 
“You have no energy left, stupid mortal. Your sword was made well.”
Baal lifted Alyosha to his feet. 
“Are you prepared to face death, mortal?”
Alyosha let out a shuddering breath. “Are you?”
A piece of his construct shattered, and the whole thing began to crash downwards.
Baal hissed something, and Alyosha’s real body suddenly materialized. The sword was still in him. 
“You cannot escape me, mortal.”
A gold line made its way down Alyosha’s skin. 
“What are you doing?” Baal hissed.
More gold lines covered his body. There was a loud roar, and golden energy blasted out from Alyosha. 
He shone a deep gold, and flames danced up and down him. Every once and a while, a pulse of deep black would appear on his body. 
Alyosha roared again, and the golden flames suddenly wrapped around Baal.
 The sword slid through the flames, and clattered to the floor. 
Pulses of black came from the flames around Baal, and they constricted.
“You are…breaking the rules!” Baal screeched from inside the cocoon of flame.
“Damn the rules! I’ll send you to oblivion!” Alyosha roared.
The flames flared up, and hundreds of long, thin black lines began to form around Alyosha. They hovered in the air for a moment, and then shot towards Baal’s cocoon.
They slammed into every single spot of open fire, and emerged the opposite side. They did this until the whole thing was a deep black.
Alyosha roared a final time, and there was a muffled explosion from the cocoon. The black spears instantly disintegrated, and nothing remained where Baal had once stood. 
“Damn you, son of Raphael!” Baal’s voice roared, and disappeared forever. 
The flame flickered out, and Alyosha toppled forward.
A hand suddenly appeared, and grabbed Alyosha before he could crash to the ground.
Chuck, Logan, Connor, and Abby ran down the stairs, and froze at the sight. A man with wings made of pure white light stood in the middle of the room, with Alyosha laying in his arms. Leah pulled herself up using the wall.
The man looked over them, and shook his head sadly. 
“What happened here?” Connor broke the silence.
“Baal came. Then Alyosha…I don’t know what he did.” Leah said. 
“Who are you?” Chuck asked the man. 
The man ignored him.
“Son, you know what happens when you break the Rules.” He said sadly.
Alyosha let out a pained grunt. 
“I did…what I had to do. I was…given a final request.”
“Who gave you the request?” the man asked.
“A man…in my group.”
The man looked up at them for the first time. “Who gave my son their dying request?”
Connor gulped. “Uh…That might have been me. My legion got destroyed by Baal, and he gutted me. I called Alyosha for backup. I thought I was dying at the moment, but then I remembered I could force my blood to circulate.”
He pointed at a gash across his throat. 
The man sighed. “You asked him to…”
“Save Leah and the humans.”
The man looked at Leah. “He succeeded, apparently.”
 “Who are you anyways?” Logan asked.
“I am Raphael.” He replied.
“Like the archangel?” Abby asked.
“I am the archangel.”
They took a step back. 
“Ok, you can go now. We can take care of Alyosha.” Chuck said.
“You could. But, you will not. My son has broken a Rule. He destroyed the demon lord Baal. He will never regenerate in hell again, for he is nothing. No more. Gone.” 
“He was evil!” Leah protested.
“You are a mortal, you could never understand. The Lord loves us all, and it brings him great pain for one of us to go into Oblivion.”
“But…”
“There will be no discussion. You will all leave now. Alyosha will return with me to Heaven’s council to face judgment for his actions. He may one day return, he may not.”
“You can’t do that!” Abby stepped forward.
Raphael waved his hand, and a wall of pure light separated them. 
“The council is just. He will have a fair sentence. You have problems of your own to worry about. I will keep the demons away for a while. You have a duty to the Guardians. I will make sure they are not too angry at you. I will give you a final piece of advice. Beware the Legion. They are coming for those who stand in their way. Now sleep, little children.”
A soft golden light washed over them. The last thing they all saw was Raphael beat his wings once, and a pillar of light slam down on him. Alyosha straightened up slightly, and winked at them. Then he was gone, and they all fell into a helpless sleep.


Epilogue

Alyosha’s memory slammed back into his head like a raging bull. They had returned the moment Baal’s sword entered his body, and he was still reeling from them. He sat in the middle of a large room, while a bunch of angels discussed his fate. His father was in the middle of a heated discussion with an older angel. 
“You cannot blame him! His memories were stolen!” Raphael roared.
The other angel grimaced. “Brother, you know the law. If he was weak enough to loose them to Baal-”
“Baal was a demon lord. Alyosha isn’t even of age! Besides, he was carrying out a human’s last request!” 
Several of the council members nodded, but the majority remained silent. 
“Do I have a say this?” Alyosha asked weakly.
Both his father and the other angel stared at him. 
“No.” They chorused. 
Alyosha sighed.
The great marble doors behind them suddenly blew open, and an angel stumbled in. 
“The Guardian’s council wants to speak. Raphael’s son apparently made a mob of soldiers, and they’re decimating everything in sight demanding for him to return. They’ve also wiped out nearly a fourth of the Plague Demons.”
A small grin flickered across Alyosha’s face. 
The angel that was arguing with Raphael sighed. 
“If the Guardian council wants him that badly, we should not stand in their way. Balance must be maintained. Send him back.”
Raphael grinned, and turned to Alyosha. 
“It looks like you get off this time, kid.”
His smile slipped off his face.
“But don’t pull anything like that again. You owe heaven a favor, and you may not want to cash it in when the time comes.”
Alyosha chuckled. “Let’s go. I have an army to command.”
Raphael stepped forward, and a beam of light shone down on them.
The old angel stepped up to them, stalling their departure. 
“Before you go, there is a custom that must be observed. All who enter heaven and leave it are to depart with a gift. What is it you would like?”
Alyosha’s face split into a massive grin.
“Have any vodka?”
 


