The Chained King and the Castle of Mystery
Mohamed AR
Published by Prestige at Smashwords
Copyright © 2010 Mohamed AbdulRahim.



Front Cover by Mark Zug
Library of Congress Control Number: 2010911733
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in, or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, video, or otherwise), without prior written consent from the author, except brief quotes used in reviews.
This work of fiction is not meant to depict, portray, or represent any particular real persons. All the characters, incidents, and dialogue are the products of the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any references or similarities to actual events, entities, real people, living or dead, or to real locales are intended to give the novel a sense of reality. Any similarity in other names, characters, entities, places, and incidents is entirely coincidental.
ISBN: 978-0-9843107-8-4
author@thelongedtales.com
www.MohamedAr.com

Table of Contents
Beginning
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
About the Author

1.
Not all students knew what they want in life; those who did eventually learned that with enough hard work and determination, one should be closer to success than failure. And Steven Risd believed so, too. With a highlighter in one hand and the chemistry book opened on his desk, he read eagerly, marking the important passages in yellow. High grades meant a scholarship into the medical school, and being prepared was Steven’s only hope to make that dream come true. 
He gazed out the window. A plain blue sky stretched from above. Wind swaying the pine trees underneath. The image of the Big City flashed in his mind’s eye, with all its reflective skyscrapers, its fine shopping malls, its subways and metros and the buzz of people from different sects flowing like a nonstop river. It had an intriguing taste to it. That was the future, Steven mused. It lay in the capital.
But then a metallic noise burst in and took Steven by total surprise. Birds fluttered away into the sky. 
The clanging returned, louder and disturbing, sparking a change in mood. A man started shouting: “How many times have I said not to leave the metal rods loose!”
A quarrel grew outside, and the rumbling engine of a tractor joined in, followed by the reassembling of metallic rods. Steven sighed. His educational appetite would wane if the noise kept on coming. Getting into that mood took a while and lots of mental preparation, especially when procrastinating with something else seemed more fun and exciting. He craned his head outside the window and spotted the workers. They yelled as if it was their duty to do so. A man welded a huge steel board over a gate, trickling golden sparks onto the ground. Steven gazed away. There was no end to this. To him, this morning seemed beautiful and conducive for some intellectual activity. What a waste it would be if he stayed in this place. 
He packed his book in a bag and rushed downstairs.
His mother was sifting flour into a bowl at the kitchen. The voice of the morning broadcast filled their space with life. His four-year-old sister sat her doll on a desk; dressing it in new fancy dresses.
Steven lowered the radio volume. “Morning mom.” He went right to the fridge.
“Good morning, honey. Pancakes should be ready soon.”
“No thanks.” Steven pulled some cheese and turkey slices from the fridge. “Got to go. I won’t be home for lunch either.” And he started preparing a sandwich.
“Busy busy, where are you off to?” she walked up to him with hands smeared in white.
“Anyplace away from that noise.”
His mother gave no comment on that subject. “Before I forget,” she passed him the mustard. “Your dad asked if you could join him at four o’clock to meet a client who wants a new cupboard with some special electronics, or whatever you guys do…anyways, he said you would know.”
“Yeah, sure, I know about that. Thanks for reminding me. ” Steven licked his fingers. He liked the taste.
“Listen. I know you have your own plans. So it’s okay if you don’t want to go. I’ll tell him.”
“No. I really want to. It’s a nice project.”
“Okay…and yeah, Peter stopped by. He said that they would be rehearsing for the play by the lake.”
“Oh shoot. Today!” Steven sighed. “Fine. I might stop by there later. My God, so many things already.” 
At the end of every year, a selected group of graduates performed the Final Play. A play that should—as the school preferred to describe it—“wow Amberhill and get the newspapers going.” They selected the finest. And this year’s play was Shakespeare’s most beloved tragedy: Romeo and Juliet. Steven was Mercutio. He never thought he had part of Mercutio in him: that strange, witty and uncontrollable fellow. The man was too much to handle, but after spending weeks molding himself to become Mercutio, his wild imagination joined in, and Mercutio grew in Steven so much that Steven felt this character was influencing him somehow.
But the best part of it all was Clarice. She was his Juliet, and Steven found her adorable. The thought of her being there was refreshing. Maybe this time he would manage to summon his courage and ask her out? He hoped he wouldn’t sound too pushy, though. But he couldn’t rely on his confidence. When he wasn’t around her, Steven had imagined himself capable of doing anything, until she showed up, then, he would swallow all his plans. He had skipped some of their rehearsal sessions already. Being Mercutio demanded big dedication. He had to master his act before presenting it to the team—and Clarice. She was hard to impress, and he liked that.
“I thought you were going to the rehearsal now?” His mother sounded confused.
But Steven donned his character’s personality at once and exercised one of the lines he liked so much about Mercutio. “‘Tut, dun’s the mouse, the constable’s own word: If thou art dun, we’ll draw thee from the mire.’” He raised the knife in his hand in a screwing fashion.
“Ha!” His mother clapped. “Bravo.” White clouds of dough puffed out of her hands. His sister looked puzzled, though.
Steven bowed to his audience. “Thank you. Thank you, my humble citizens.” He pulled his shirt’s collar, feeling proud. “I shall leave you be and join my thoughts in a faraway land. Somewhere beyond anyone’s reach.” He nodded, then returned back to his usual self. “Okay mom. Really, I have no time to waste. Got to go now.” He packed everything and rushed out of their sight.
“You will be here for dinner, won’t you?” his mother’s loud voice came from the other side.
“Yeah!” 
“Don’t be late!”
“Okay!” and he slammed the door behind him.
Outside, the piercing noise of steel cut through his ears. The magnificent factory and its metallic towers loomed over their small house—and the other houses, like a stainless steel giant. The golden sparks still trickled, and the loud shouts resumed. Three years putting up with such a sight, three long and tedious years. And yet there were two more years before it would be fully operational: Olden’s factory. The newspapers gave this factory a dedicated section. The promise was this: the billionaire’s factory would produce clean-energy products and sell them for half the market price. This would put most companies who had invested in their non-clean products in a critical situation. The business model would redefine all structures, but everyone doubted the reliability of Olden’s proposal.
Steven found it hard to believe that a businessman would one day save the world without pocketing a hefty profit. There must be a trick somewhere. All businessmen were magicians with numbers. They knew how to twist things up, but the calculation required too many brain cells to die. Steven found it best to leave that thought alone.
He got his bicycle out from the backyard and fled away. Wherever he went, that screeching sound haunted him, like wax stuck in his ears. Always clanking in his head, so he sped on, turning to the only spot that could save his day—to where a blue lake mirrored the sky, and the oak trees stretched high, and the squirrels scurried along the branches, and the atmosphere hosted a symphonic play from nature. It was a place in the Eastern Forest: the most peaceful place on earth.
Soon he was at the bridge—which connected Amberhill to the Eastern Forest. But signs and road fences blocked the way, and a nonstop flow of trucks passed through into Amberhill. The workers blocking the road advised Steven to take the other bridge—five miles away. That wasn’t a good start of the day. 
He pedaled for a shortcut, and slunk into the woods to his side instead. The sunrays barely found a way to pierce through the densely packed trees. They rendered the forest dim, as if the day had sped forward to evening time. Steven stopped, brushing some sweat of his forehead. He checked his surroundings, but noticed something out of place. 
He took a quick look around him. Where is this? 
A sea of autumn elm leaves scattered in all directions, dead from the chill in the wind. They lay between many identical trees. It was hard to orient himself. 
Puzzled and a bit concerned, Steven walked back in the direction he’d come from, but he ended in the same spot, as if he was locked in a loop. He couldn’t have just lost his way. He had just entered. Besides, wandering through the woods was one of his greatest pleasures. How could he lose his way now? 
He propped his bicycle against a tree and sat next to it with his bag on his lap. The silent voice of the forest took over, and Steven took out his sandwich, maybe it would fuel his memory and stomach. It was still cold, and it gave no memory, just the taste of turkey and cheese; it was a delightful combination, though. 
Somehow, being alone in such a place had a strange effect on him, like being taken to a secluded inner place where he was the king and his thoughts were his kingdom. He used to feel the same whenever he sat at his desk at home, or read a story or watched a movie, but such moments rarely ever happened anymore…thanks to the factory and its owner: Olden.
Ever since Steven had been a child, he’d spent his time watching his father busy at the workshop, hammering nails into wood. Creating shapes that had never been made. He often believed his father was an artist. There was a strange sense of commitment and precision about his father’s work that intrigued Steven. He was an expert carpenter. His workmanship was unmatched. He was someone who invented things rather than just building the basics. But, Steven’s heart lay somewhere else. His father in his turn took a profession different than his own father, who was a doctor. It seemed as if history was repeating itself once again. Steven aimed to walk in his grandfather’s footsteps. And although he knew how happy his father would be if Steven joined him in their business; his father urged Steven to pursue his own goals.
“It’s your life, Steven,” his father had told him. “Follow your dreams.” 
Somehow, though, Steven felt he would drag along on this journey a sense of guilt and obligation that he would never be able to bear. He often believed that it was a struggle to choose what to do in life. Still at this age, when most of his friends wanted to live the moment, and cared about the ongoing trends in their present time, Steven cared less about such matters. Peter told him to “wing it,” but Steven couldn’t just let things happen. He felt lost without a plan. The problem was that there were hundred of possibilities, all with an equal share of good and bad odds. And each route conceived a thousand more possibilities. Planning wasn’t a bulletproof thing here, and to come to the right choice was simply difficult. This part of deciding what to do in life was unfair. It was like following an unknown road. But, he knew in his heart, though, medicine could be a good match.
Looking up, he saw the trees stood so tall; stretching to where only those with wings could reach. The quietness of the planet came down through the rustling leaves, and swept in such thoughts, a sudden movement pulled Steven back to his surroundings. A bush rustled not far from him, and then, a squirrel scurried out from between the leaves.
“Hey,” Steven smiled.
The squirrel stopped in its tracks and watched. Blinking.
Steven tore a small piece off his sandwich and threw it few feet away. “Go on, have some,” He gestured his invitation.
The squirrel snapped out of its stance, picked up the piece, and scurried away like a thief being chased.
Such reaction got Steven laughing. He kept his gaze on the rodent until the squirrel disappeared behind the bushes. Time to go, I’ll rehearse with everyone, he thought. What was I thinking, Clarice is there and I want to study? 
Now, there was a sudden urge to return back at once. The last piece of his meal filled his mouth, and as he munched, he picked his bag and dragged his bicycle along. Wandering through the trees got him back to nowhere. Going north and south did not change anything, either. The trees were all alike. And nothing led to anywhere. His disappointment grew bigger and bigger as his search proved pointless, until, as he wandered a little further, a whooshing sound brought a smile to his face. It was the sound of hope, coming to him as running water, humming through the woods.
The river, Steven couldn’t believe his ears. 
The sound grew louder. It came from behind some tall bushes far off toward his right. He loped on, and instead of a river, a glittering spring, oval and small, lay ahead of him. To his surprise, there was a waterfall flowing from the heart of an oak tree that stood thick and short. The tree’s branches bent over a clear spring, tickling the water surface with its leaves. A beam of light tore down through the leaves, drawing a beautiful scene. 
As Steven looked around, he glimpsed something blurry hovering in the distance. He cocked his head for a clearer view. And on the other side of the spring, a cottage appeared. It sat under the shades of the oak branches, and it seemed as if the cottage had just materialized. Small in size, cozy in appearance, the place had a strange charm to it. It was adorned with garlands of flowers and gems—like amber and emerald. All notions of evil, sorrow, hatred, and wickedness seemed distant, as if the place had come out of a fairy tale.
Never seen a cottage in this area before. I must have wandered really far, he sighed. Better ask for directions. 
He propped his bicycle against the nearest tree and came to the teal entrance. It had a bronze knob and knocker that glinted in the straying light. He tapped the bronze knocker gently, sending a sharp thud into the cottage. Now, he waited.
No answer came. 
He knocked twice more. Each tap sharper than the earlier one. And yet, no one answered.
Bummer. No one is there. He sighed. 
As he wondered what to do, he spotted the keyhole under the doorknob, glinting faintly as if its rim were made of real gold. He brushed his fingers against the door, feeling it. Its well-polished texture was surprising. What he found resembled the superb workmanship of a professional carpenter. Maybe as good or even better than his father.
He knelt and felt the sleek and gilded keyhole, then out of sheer curiosity—and the desire to go in to inspect further—Steven brought his eyes closer to the keyhole, and just like that, in a split second and before his dark eyes had peeked a glimpse of what lay behind the door, the knob turned, and the door lock ticked and opened. 

2.
That was startling. Steven stared at the knob for some seconds, blinking at it. From that tiny glimpse through the keyhole, it opened? There was something strange about this. 
The door glided some inches inward the moment Steven pressed his hand on it. A faint glow seeped out, drawing Steven’s curiosity like magnet. He peered in and saw some candles burning wax, and shadows dancing on the floor, the likes of which came from a fireplace. Careful with his moves, he stepped in and came to what looked like a parlor. On the ornamental walls hung dried bellflowers, with many wilted lilies and fresh red roses. All nailed to the wall and organized in separate groups. A brisk breeze flowed in from the opened window, bringing the scent of daisies, peppermint, and chamomile, and a hint of burnt wood. Somehow the atmosphere was so relaxing that the worries and alarmed self dissipated from Steven. A memory of himself dabbling with herbs in his grandfather’s herbal shop resurrected in his mind. He always enjoyed that memory, when he sneaked into that place unnoticed, and had the lab for his own. 
To his side a rug lay underneath a red velvet sofa. It faced a fireplace that had a fire going, and that’s when the shock of surprise made Steven bristle in his place.
Standing between an oak cabinet and the fireplace was a beautiful lady. Confident in her stance. Elegant in her gown. She seemed in her late thirties. Her hair hung over her forehead, shining a yellowish glow as if it were made of strands of gold. Her hair brushed her darker eyebrows, while her long teal gown sparkled with freckles of purple gems, making the gown look majestic and stunning. 
For some reason, Steven expected a man—a carpenter maybe. But he was startled by finding a woman. He even tried to stare at some place other than her eyes, but he couldn’t. Those vivid doe eyes drew him closer into the woman’s inviting smile, as if she were his lost love and soul mate. 
Caught in such a situation, after allowing for his curious self to walk him into her home without permission, Steven hoped for some grim reaction from the lady so that he could flee, but her smile said otherwise.
“Hello young man. What a curious boy you are,” her tone was pleasant. She rested the flask on the marbled mantelpiece and stepped forward. “Is looking through someone’s keyhole a personal hobby?” she asked with no smirk or mocking tone.
Heat surrounded Steven’s body as if the temperature rose at once. “Actually,” He itched his chin. “Not really,” he offered a shy smile to pledge on his behalf. “I’m terribly sorry,” he added, meaning it. Never in his life had he sweated like now. Drops on his neck, down his forehead, others stuck on his back. He could feel them all over.
But the woman did not seem offended at all. “Don’t worry,” she said. “Sit, please. Make yourself comfortable.” She tapped the red sofa.
“I don’t want to bother you. I should be going really.”
“Oh, pity. That is alright then,” There was disappointment in her eyes.
“Umm,” he said, trying his best not to sound crude. “I actually lost my way.” What a drag he was, saying that.
“Oh, not to worry. I can help you with that, where do you want to go?”
“Well, I was heading toward the Eastern Forest, but now, I guess it’s too late for that, so I just want to find my way back to town.”
“The way back is simple.” She pointed at the door—which was still opened. “Head in that direction and you will find your town.”
That’s it! Steven marveled, surprised to how simple that was. “That sounds easy. Thanks!”
“You can also head in this direction,” she added by pointing at the fireplace, “and you will find the Eastern Forest. It’s close by, too.”
Steven kept staring at the fireplace. He couldn’t believe it. Was I that close?
“I really appreciate it. Thanks!” he was overwhelmed. He shrugged his pack up on his shoulder, and smiled for farewell. “Well…”
“What’s you name?”
Steven stopped. “Steven, Steven Risd.” he said.
“Nice name. I am Elisa. It’s nice to meet you. Do you live around here?”
Steven nodded. “Yes. I live across from Blue Earth Rock factory.”
The woman kept quiet. Her eyes were smiling. Her face told him she didn’t know about it, and in that brief moment, he wondered how anyone couldn’t have heard about the most well-known project in the world.
But then a faint sound grew from the other room, like a teapot whistling its ready alarm. The woman’s eyes opened wide. They were filled with mirth. “How lovely. Would you care for some tea, Steven?” She looked excited. “You can tell me all about that factory. There is still time before dusk.”
Steven itched his chin, feeling his face warm again. He kept his eyes on the wooden floor. It wouldn’t be polite, now, to refuse her invitation after helping him and welcoming him in her house. 
The impatient teapot whistled for mercy. “Sure, why not.” Steven nodded.
“Lovely. Thank you. Just a moment please.” And as she walked away, Steven saw something else that set the woman apart from the rest of Amberhill’s women. Her hair was so long that it almost reached her feet. He sat on the red sofa, and settled his pack down between his legs. The teapot’s whistle subsided, and the sound of plates clattering burst out instead.
Now, approaching footsteps came from the other side. Elisa’s shadow grew smaller on the warm floor until she was back, bringing her smile along. Her cheerful presence charmed the place. 
She kept the silver tray on the side table. The teapot and cups, with a bowl of sugar cubes, were well arranged. She sat on a backless chair, pressed against the wall, gurgled some tea in both cups and dropped two sugar cubes in one of them. “I prepare my tea a bit sweet. How do you like it?”
“Sweet is good.”
She did the same for the other cup, dipped a small spoon in, and offered it to Steven. 
“Thank you.” He picked up the cup with two hands as if it were a bowl. Its exterior felt like it was made of seashell and its inside was sleek and blue. The thought of drinking all this tea made him feel famished already. “Nice cup.” He puckered his lips and took a sip of what tasted different than any tea he had before. There was mint and chamomile, mixed together with another flavor he couldn’t recognize. He liked it and nodded in admiration. A bit too sweet for him, though. 
But somehow, now that she was quiet, silence crept in, and anxiety sneaked into Steven. It was awkward not to have anything to say. He tried to act normal, but his body language gave him away. He looked ahead. Smiled to her. Took a sip. Smiled again. Stared at his bag. Took another sip. What should I say?...Oh, yes. She wanted to know about the factory.
“How did you lose your way?” Elisa said.
That was a different subject. But why not, Steven thought. Relief found its way back to him. “Well,” he started, “I was trying to reach the Eastern Forest from the bridge, but it was closed. So I decided to go around through the woods, you know, a shortcut, but I lost my way, and here I am.”
“It must be something urgent that made you take the woods to get to the Eastern Forest, then?”
“Not really.” Steven thought for a moment. Might be a good idea to share a little. It could build a good conversation until the tea ended. “I go there often, to read.”
“Oh,” That answer surprised her. “What do you read?”
Steven straightened his back, flattered a bit. “Well, nothing fancy, just some school books. Today I wanted to prepare for the final exams. Still time, but there is a lot to prepare for. I need to be ready.”
“You like studying then.”
What? Steven choked as the tea went down his throat. “No. Not at all.” He laughed while coughing again. “God, no. Me liking to study, of course no, come on, no, no, it’s a drag to be honest. But, you know, studying is studying, you know, you got to do it. As mom says: if you want to get to what you want, you have to study hard for it. Hard work pays off.”
“So you know what you want, interesting,” she sounded amazed, “And what do you want?”
Without giving it another thought, Steven was proud to share. “I want to be a doctor,” he said. “I really need to do well on the exams. I want to get a scholarship so that I can go to the Big City and study medicine.” 
Elisa did not say anything. She watched Steven as if he had said something astonishing. He felt embarrassed now, like he was being put under the microscope. Her eyes went to his cup, and said, “Can I ask you why?”
Steven’s first impulse came with confusion. “Why?” he mumbled. He cleared his throat. That was a surprising question. “Well.” He thought for a moment. “Um…hmm.” He took another sip, and pondered on the matter as the woman waited with the cup between her hands. What a tough question, he pursed his lips, thinking hard. 
For some strange reason, Steven couldn’t phrase his answer. To him it was more about following his intuition than having a plan. “Well. I know I would love doing it,” he began with what he knew was true. “My grandfather was great at it, and I admired him a lot. I want to be like him. I know I would love to be a doctor. It’s my dream now. I really don’t have a main reason, I am following my heart on this one.”
The woman, though, never took her eyes off him. They burned with curiosity. She stood up and walked toward the opened window. “Don’t you want to know why you are so in love with this dream?” she asked, now facing him. “Don’t you want to know what makes your heart wants it?”
That same confusion returned. Those were unexpected questions and hard ones. Somehow they made him feel vulnerable. “I don’t know. I guess I would like to know, yes. But, well, hmmm, I really don’t know. I guess it’s always better to follow what you enjoy than what you don’t.” He wanted to escape the answer in anyway possible, now. But his answer did not brighten her. Her face told him there should be something else. 
Is this a trick question? Steven itched his thigh.
“Not everyone can become what they want. But very few are lucky enough to know why they want it. It is a hard question. I know. Only fools could say they know the real answer to it immediately.” Her words turned Steven curious and uncertain at the same time. “But, learning the answer can be fun, my dear Steven. Sometimes it needs luck. And luck is a good friend to have along,” she pointed, “Luck does not come to anyone, only to the curious ones. And you seem to be a lucky fellow. It is your passion that brought you here. You are a curious person. So tell me, do you have other curious hobbies?”
Steven understood the words, but the meaning felt a bit vague. Lacking something, though he didn’t know what. “I enjoy working with dad at the workshop. I think I like acting now. I also like reading stories. Yes, I like doing that a lot. I’m not sure if that answers your question, though.” He gave a faint laugh.
“What kind of stories do you read?”
“All kinds. I read anything fun and compelling.”
She sat and picked up the teapot. “Would you like some more tea?”
Steven looked down at his cup: empty and no longer blue, but glowing with a faint white color now. In its bottom was an engraving that seemed to symbolize some ancient artifact, as if it belonged to one of the legendary places Steven had read about in stories. “No, thank you,” he confessed, still examining the cup.
“You are a curious person. Do not misunderstand my words, but, being alone for some time in this place, and knowing a lot about people at the same time, makes me feel that you have a troubled mind. You need to rest and let things be. Maybe then you will find the real reason behind what you really desire.” 
Hmm? Her words were like an oracle who claimed to have figured out every detail of Steven’s personal life. No wonder you are alone…so now you know everything about me? Steven didn’t like how their conversation was turning out. This is ridiculous. He returned the cup back to the tray. I must go, anyways.
“Thanks. I will consider that. I’m afraid I must go now. It’s getting late.” He smiled and straightened his back, keeping his humble tone. “I really liked your tea. Thank you for inviting me and showing me the way back. Good day.” And as he was pulling himself up to stand, a faint contraction squeezed his stomach. 
He sat. 
A second later, it grew sharper, then felt like a punch in the stomach. His breathing became heavy, and a bitter taste spread in his mouth like rotten juice. He looked at the woman, panicked, confused, but immense brightness struck his eyes, blinding his vision. 
He squeezed his head to suppress the sudden sharp headache. He couldn’t feel his tongue, or even think straight. He felt being paralyzed. And the moment he regained his sight, he saw Elisa sit next to him. She held his head on her lap as Steven leaned sideways on the sofa unwillingly. Her sight blurred in his eyes. She whispered in his ears, “Steven! Seek me out. I am trapped. It was you who wanted to come in. Don’t forget. Remember that. Find me, Steven. Remem…” 
But Steven passed out.

3.
Steven cracked his eyes open and straightened his back at once, breathing heavily, feeling the same panic from before. What happened? 
His body was sore, but he could feel his limbs now, unlike before. I must have passed out? He felt his forehead. It was cool and normal. He was on a small bed, almost half his size. His blanket was small, like a towel. Where is this place?
Instead of being in the cottage’s parlor, he found himself in a strange room. A small blaze crackled in the fireplace. It threw shadows around the room and warmed the brisk chill. Next to it was a green leather knapsack, a leather backpack, a doe-brown sling bag, a pair of dark boots, a green shirt folded on a chair, and some other bulky things covered by a red shroud. The room’s door stood at the other side, arched and maroon in color. It was a puzzling sight.
To his left was another bed, as small as his. Separating them was a window with red louvers shut from the inside. But under the gray woolen blanket of that bed was … someone; surely not Elisa, for that person was small, curled up under the blanket, covered head to toe.
A child? Steven wondered. What is a child doing here? Never mind. He shook his head of all those questions. What mattered the most was to head back home before nightfall, and rest his worries somewhere else other than this place. He was not sure anymore what to think of the last incident. 
He took the blanket off and swung his legs over to stand, only to notice two wide dark eyes staring back at him from under russet, shaggy brows. The child who was sleeping in the bed clung to his blanket, revealing only his eyes and a head groomed with thick hair that could trap a straying fly in an eternal labyrinth.
“You scared me,” Steven confessed, remaining still.
The reply came rather in a deep, edgy voice, stuttering from seeming fear: “Are-are y-y-you the man’s gho-ghost!”
Huh! Ghost? Steven blinked. The boy sounded quite peculiar. Something about him got Steven curious. He had bushy eyebrows for a child. His forehead wrinkled. His eyes old.
A midget I suppose. Steven gave a welcoming smile. “No I’m not. My name is Steven. What’s yours?” 
“G-G-Grimdin, s-s-sir,”
Never heard of such a name before, Steven mused. He went then right to the matter. “Have you seen Elisa around?”
“I do not know her, s-sir…” Grimdin’s wary eyes searched Steven’s. “I am sorry if I have awakened you at this hour.”
This person was too scared even to think straight. 
“What brought you here?” Grimdin was prudent enough. “Have I done anything wrong, Kind Mr. Steven?” 
The words startled Steven. Amberhill people never spoke this way. Steven pondered in silence, uncertain, taking a measuring glance at the midget.
“Must I leave? Do you wish for me to do so?” Grimdin said, offering total submission now.
Wish for me to do so? Steven repeated that line one more time in his head. It felt like he was reading one of the old texts from Shakespeare’s era. “Don’t worry.” Steven saw him with sympathy. “You’re just fine, Grimdin. Please don’t be afraid. My God. I am really confused. I don’t know why I am here,” he confessed, feeling stumped for both of them. “I suppose I had a strong headache, and Elisa got me here to rest. Maybe that tea. I really don’t know.”
By now his parents’ worries would be unbearable. His mother never liked the thought of Steven lingering in the forest at night. It made him feel like a child whenever he thought of it, but no man grows up in their parents’ eyes, and he had to leave, the sooner the better. His dad’s appointment would come up soon. Any delay and a disaster would follow. What a nightmare.
“Anyways,” Steven started before another conversation stole his attention, “don’t be afraid. I mean. There is no way I’m a ghost.” He laughed at the thought of it. “Well.” He tapped his knees, and stood up. “I’ve got to go. I’m running late. It was nice meeting …” But the moment he was up, something caught his eye…something that made his heart sink. He took a quick step to the window, peered between the louvers, and darkness stretched throughout his sight.
Nightfall had turned everything dark. “Oh shit!” Steven snapped. “I’m really late!” His eyes met Grimdin’s. “What time is it?”
“Nighttime.”
“I know it’s nighttime!” Steven swung his hands down. “Dammit,” he muttered and pulled the louvers apart. 
A chilled breeze flew in, as the fireplace tossed its light against the dark curtains of the night. He was in a tall building. He could see the rooftops of other buildings in front of him. He looked down and found a wooden patio with many tables and chairs situated across the street. It seemed to belong to a restaurant. A long and narrow street lay between his building and the restaurant, with few lamplights illuminating parts of the dark pathway like circles of gold. The sight rendered Steven speechless. Amberhill had no lamplights. It did not even have any buildings like the surrounding ones. And the cottage—that small wooden structure—was not a building, it was not in a town…it was in a lush forest. 
Steven stepped backward, overtaken by a frightening shock that trembled his hands and feet. He gave Grimdin a chilling glare. “Where are we?”
Grimdin seemed surprised. “Agragort, Mister Steven.” He sounded obvious. 
What! Steven hurried to the door. Turned its knob. It was firm and stiff. Locked! 
At this, Steven’s heartbeats filled his ears. He faced Grimdin, pressed his back against the door. Shit, I’ve been kidnapped?
But Grimdin’s eyes rolled to the fireplace. And Steven followed them. He caught a glint on the mantelpiece. A bronze key dangled from a nail. He picked it up, unlocked the door, and with immense cautious, he opened the door and craned his head out.
A long corridor with many closed doors on both sides lay beyond his room, as if he was peering through a hotel corridor. He closed the door; making sure it didn’t slam as it shut. 
Am I dreaming? Steven gazed away through the window. But dreams like this were never real. He slapped his cheek. It ached. I knew it.
The townspeople must have been asleep, and the route to escape this city was not known to him. Few people in the dimmest corners of the streets stood alone, awake, shrouded in cloaks, with thoughts that no one knew if they were twisted or not. They did not seem as harmless as Grimdin, and their presence gave Steven no comfort. He shut the window, and sat on his bed, hands covering his face, stuck with no clue. Fear feasted on his courage. Sad and sorrowful images about the state of his family flashed in his head. How could he put them in this frightening state? His friends—everyone he knew—must have swept the forest by now, searched the corners of every road, looking for him. What’s happening to me? Why? Where’s this place, and why the hell am I here? …What should I do, he panicked, eyeing the wooden floor. 
“What is wrong, Mister Steven? I see you’re troubled and sad. What is the matter?” Grimdin asked.
Steven brought his hands down, dangling them between his legs. If I was kidnapped, then shouldn’t be there some guards at least? And why would she kidnap me anyways? he thought, not ready to entertain Grimdin yet. Was he kidnapped? Steven pondered, and looked up at Grimdin.
The midget had pressed his back against the other wall, almost still concealed in his blanket. Steven shook his head. That curious face of Grimdin did not suggest any kidnapping.
There must be something else, Steven thought for some logic. “Tell me, Grimdin,” Steven started, “did you see a lady, a beautiful lady with very long blond hair, by any chance walk into this room?”
“No. I did not see anyone.”
Steven stood up and took a walk along with his thoughts. This is really weird. He sat cross-legged in the middle of the room, facing the window, thinking things over. Elisa’s whisper flashed back: Seek me out, she said, and Steven considered: Why does she want me to find her? And where is she? There is something weird about this. He pondered.  He eyed Grimdin. “Do you know this city, Grimdin?” 
“I do know my way around. I arrived some days ago, and it is a small place. Not a hard one to know,” Grimdin sounded a bit rested now, but Steven had no idea why Grimdin kept that blanket so close from him. No matter. Grimdin could help him out, maybe. He only needed to gain his friendship. 
Steven calculated. He knew he had to be thoughtful now. By far, he was in a safe place. The outside world seemed far more mysterious and dangerous, though. It would be wiser to wait until sunrise. For now, he had to calm down and wait. He could do nothing about his family, and he prayed they would be fine, and patient. But his mother…he didn’t want to ponder more on that thought, now. He needed to focus. He took a deep breath and nodded to himself in reassurance. Everything will be alright. 
He stood up, hands on his hips; wondering where this place would be. He came up to the many bags next to the fireplace, hoping to find his backpack among them, but it wasn’t there. He pointed at the bags and said, amazed: “Are all these yours?” 
Grimdin nodded.
“Wow. Are you alone here? Don’t you have anyone with you? Friends, family, anyone?”
Grimdin shook his head. He was alone.
“Well, you sure carry many things for one person.”
Grimdin blinked. He gave no reply.
Steven’s eyes fell on a tanned leather sling bag. Its wrinkled texture told of its old age and long service. It had a loose lid without a lock or a knot to keep it fastened, and it was already open. He leaned down, pulled by its unique leather. Inside was a turquoise feather, a few rolls of darker leather wraps, four red velvet pouches, and something that intrigued Steven the most: a journal. 
It had a unique cover to it that Steven wished to have for his own. “May I?” he asked, his finger pointing down. “I won’t read it. I promise,” he assured him, after noticing Grimdin’s worried face. “I just want to have a closer look.”
Relief found its place on Grimdin’s face. He nodded his approval and Steven thanked him for it. The journal had a soft touch to it and a rich brown texture. The thin edges of its leather gripped his fingertips whenever he brushed it. There was a red velvet bookmark. And the cover was marked with thin burnt engravings. From the center of the cover, Steven read the letters in a low voice, “The Reddrons Tales of Grimdin Gor.”
There was this exciting feeling fluttering inside Steven’s chest again: the one that came whenever he encountered an exciting book. His grip on the journal became tighter. He felt that wonders and epic adventures were calling for him from within. Dampening his curiosity, though, would be unfair. A journal was that sacred place someone retreats to, and treasured secrets of its own. Steven wouldn’t want anyone to read his journal—which he kept safe in his closet. Besides, he made a promise. So he returned it, flipped the bag’s flap shut, and gave Grimdin a look of admiration.
Grimdin was silent for a moment. Then, his eyes smiled, as if with Steven fulfilling his promise, Grimdin could become himself again. And Grimdin did. He let down the blanket and spoke in a deep voice, resonating with a crisp and wry feel to it: “Forgive the manners I woke you up with. Garom himself fears the man’s ghost, so forgive my imprudent behavior.” He stood up, yawned, and scratched his bare stomach. “I suppose you may have had lots of drinks to forget what had happened to you.” He laughed. “I see it in your face, young man. It’s certain that you have lost your senses with that lady. Whoever she was, she did good. And I must have been blinded by tiredness not to wake up to your entry.” He laughed once more, and started toward Steven, who stood baffled and amazed at what was happening. 
“I had a long, rough day, you see.” Grimdin stretched his hands. “And it’s a habit of the innkeepers of Agragort to rent their rooms to more than one. They go by the beds here, you see. That’s why I had to keep my key out of the keyhole. A habit I disapprove of, but who am I to approve or disapprove here. I’m but a stranger to these lands. A wanderer guest. Must I be polite.” Grimdin came closer, and extended a handshake for Steven. “I am honored to meet you, Mister Steven.” 
Steven shook Grimdin’s hand, but he remained struck with disbelief, for it was the most extraordinary sight to watch. The person in front of him stood four or five feet from the ground. He had thick, shaggy, dark russet hair like dried blood, tied into a ponytail by a golden ring. His long dark mustache sprang from below his nose and curled around his mouth. And if it was not for the jiggling in Grimdin’s beard and the sound of his voice, Steven wouldn’t have had the slightest idea if Grimdin was talking or not. 
“I don’t believe this,” Steven breathed. “You’re a dwarf!” 
But for some reason, Steven’s genuine surprise rendered Grimdin grim. “Yes!” Grimdin shot his answer at once. He raised a fist as if being dishonored. “I am a dwarf! So? Has the sky lost its colors? Has the night turned white?” he fumed. “Haven’t you seen a dwarf before, tall man?” He glared at Steven. That welcoming tone and playful personality he had just shown for a brief moment evaporated. His eyes daring and challenging, now. “Speak?” Grimdin frowned.
“I…certainly haven’t,” Steven confessed. “To be honest, I’ve only seen you people in books and stories.” At that earnest reply, Grimdin jerked backward and puffed with anger. “You people?” Grimdin muttered. “Books and stories?” He said under his breath. “You men! You only find your own kind worthy of respect. I won’t waste my energy, nor my time with the likes of you. You ignorant selfish boy.” And he tramped away as his body smoldered into a shade of red.
Grimdin tucked himself into the bed and squeezed tight under the blanket. He left no room for any light to seep into his hiding place. It seemed Grimdin had taken Steven’s behavior as a great affront. But it was hard for Steven to act otherwise. Seeing a dwarf was beyond all his expectations. And not just any dwarf: one who seemed to belong to an epic tale. But the entire experience, and his reaction to it made him feel sorry, and somehow ashamed of how it ended.
Steven stood by Grimdin’s bed. “I’m sorry Grimdin,” he said. But the reply came as an annoyed grunt. “Good night,” Steven wanted to voice another apology, but the moment had gone. 
He sat on his bed and leaned his back on the headboard with both hands behind his head. This must be a dwarf land, Steven thought. Where have you brought me, Elisa? How did she get me here? Steven yawned. Too many things to think of. I’ll find you. I must.
He relaxed in his place, and thought of the play. It would be fun if he was rehearsing with his friends now. Would Clarice be worried that he had gone missing? He wondered. A part of his heart wanted that to be true. It was unfair though. He shook his head. There were so many things that would be fun to do. Even the worst of them seemed yearning, like the workshop, or worst than that: tidying his room. How exciting those normal things were now that he was stuck here. He sighed, and lazed on the bed, eyes opened halfway, catching the fireplace flames beating through the brisk air. He pushed his boots off and dropped them to the floor. He was too tired to untie them. 
A deep yawn forced itself on him. His eyes felt sore. A moment later, someone outside played a melody on strings and a soulful whistle, as if telling a traveler’s tale in a charming theme. It reminded Steven of the embroidery on the journal. The Reddrons Tales of Grimdin Gor. Steven curled up in the bed, bringing his legs up to fit into the small space. He was still imagining Grimdin’s round body under the blanket, but that’s when he saw the dwarf’s hand come out of hiding, as if Grimdin was about to pop out, now.
Immediately, and under the influence of old habits and a spontaneous reflex, Steven improvised and closed his eyes just enough to pretend he was asleep. Whenever he wanted to catch his younger sister sneaking into his bedroom, he would do this to surprise her. Executing this act was one of Steven’s greatest improvises. Often it worked, especially with those who were too serious to suspect that someone would be fooling around when they shouldn’t.
Grimdin sat on his bed with anger in his eyes. He huffed, then walked to a barrel not far away. Steven moved his head a bit for a better glimpse, not causing any sound. The dwarf picked up a tonic cup on the barrel’s cover, and dipped it into the bucket. He had a drink, and wiped his mouth and wet beard with his hand, then returned muttering some words that Steven couldn’t hear. With one swing of his hairy hand, Grimdin covered himself with the blanket and faced the wall.
Steven felt sorry for the dwarf. He would surely try to win Grimdin back tomorrow. Without Grimdin, his task could be much harder. And as the melody crooned through the night, sleep crept into Steven. He yawned again, and again, and slowly then, everything around him faded away.

4.
Steven woke up from a strong pain in his stomach. He was starving, and his stomach groaned. He hugged it. That turkey sandwich had been a long time ago.
Maybe Grimdin would have something to share, but when Steven looked, the dwarf’s bed was empty. Bedclothes folded to the side. A pillow over them. And next to the dead fireplace was a lonely chair. 
He left? Steven found it disappointing.
His stomach complained again. Usually he would have a snack without feeling hungry. At home he never felt hungry, maybe because food was always around, waiting for someone to eat it. He had never starved before like this. It was a terrible feeling. How did the helpless manage? he thought, now that he had a taste of their reality. There was still more to come, too: a daylong journey was ahead of him, and his pockets were empty. No disaster could be worse. 
Steven sighed. He rose from his bed with no clue how to handle this situation. After donning his shoes, and splashing some water over his face, he left the place and descended the stairway to the jabber beneath. His imagination had conjured mighty dwarven holds and their famous dimmed halls. But after standing at the opened space below, lit by the seeping lights from the windows and the entrance, Steven stood as the shortest man among the large gathering of men and women. All the dwarves in his head evaporated. 
This was a mankind territory. Food was everywhere. Men and women clutched onto mugs, munched in the midst of their conversations, and ate greedily. They laughed. Talked. Yelled for more drinks, talked some more, and ate again. Some of them brushed the food on their smeared lips and cheeks with their hands. A gathering this big was madness…and immense fun. In their eyes, the hardship of life had dissipated by their own company. And enthusiasm beamed throughout their social gathering like a charm.
Tables were laden with bowls and carcasses. The scent of melted butter teased the stomach. Baked food stimulated the appetite. Colorful summer fruits filled the eyes with hope. Steven walked through. Eyes darting between the plates, now to the munching mouths, to the mugs in the hands, to the lone cherry tomato in the bowl, to the remnant of gravy and wasted bread…it was a torturing sight. His mouth and stomach begged him to do something.
But he shook his head out of it, and focused. Maybe someone with a long blond hair was among them, and all this torment would end. He hoped to find her, but none had Elisa’s features. Who would have such a long hair anyways? he huffed, disappointed. He came to a man at a desk, probably the owner.
“Excuse me,” Steven said. “Are you the innkeeper?”
The man glanced from the papers under his hands. “Yes.” He seemed busy. “How can I help you?”
“Well. I don’t know if you remember me or not,” Steven hoped the man’s expression would change, but it did not. It remained placid. “Anyways,” Steven continued. “Did you see a lady, my height, with a very long blond hair that almost touches the ground? She’s really beautiful.”
“Ha!” The man head tilted to the ceiling. “Go and play somewhere else, boy.” He waved, and was back with his work. “Funny boy.” He shook his head.
Steven was confused. He was about to voice another question when the man pointed at the entrance, not leaving the sight of his papers. 
“Thank you…” Steven looked away. Stupid man. 
He faced the crowd. There was no easy way about this mission. It had to be done the hard, tedious, lengthy way: visiting every street corner. Asking whomever he could. Days might pass on without any progress. Yesterday he had a shelter. Today he might use cardboard for a bed. Meeting this reality dawned on him an uncontrollable desire to grumble.
Watching everyone devour their meals was a waste of time and energy, and hope. True when they said that hunger brought out the real colors of mankind. It bred beasts. This situation could make a thief out of Steven. What a dreaded start for the day, he sighed, stumped with soaring hunger. 
Come what may. He sucked in all his worries and willed himself to bare some more. The entrance glowed with daylight and possibilities. He came out to a busy street boiling with people and voices. A tumult went by nonstop. Ladies and men, of all skin colors and shapes, dressed in fashions that spoke of their high social status. Green silky gowns, long satin dresses, red woven hats, blue sweaters, turquoise trousers, yellow coats, and so many different styles for one person to keep up with. The sight startled Steven, and he appeared less brave than the rest with his choice of white shirt and brown trousers. 
“Fine kingly bowls, lamps, and rugs from the Lands Beyond. For a silver coin you’ll get all you need, and for a golden one you’ll get more. Gather around, don’t go elsewhere, it’s all here!” yelled a fat merchant with a jeweled ring twinkling on his pinkie. More of his kind did the same for their merchandise. They all shared the same stomach size. Making money here could be either too easy, or exclusive to a certain group. Olden would do well in this place, Steven thought sardonically. 
His nose caught a warm, sizzling scent. In front of him was that restaurant he’d noticed yesterday. It advertised its dishes for every stomach and appetite. It drew Steven like a magnet. It had a patio on a higher level than the street, giving its customers a prime view of the market. 
A round wooden sign dangled above the entrance. Its engraving read “Crunchdough Tavern.”
Being closer from food felt so nice, and Steven stood infatuated by the pastries on silver trays. He filled his nostrils with their delicious scent, feeling their taste explode in his mouth.
“Hello, mister,” someone said when Steven approached the place.
It was a waiter, with a welcoming smile of an employee to a new customer. He waved a hand, gesturing for Steven to enter.
Steven shook his head apologetically. He had no money, and no courage to ask for a free bite.
The waiter, however, nodded once more and gestured to enter. 
Steven played along the wordless game of gestures and gave a rueful smile. He shook his head to confirm it, and turned to leave, while his heart lay with the food inside.
“Come on in, sir, please.” The waiter finally spoke. “Try our pastries, at least.” 
“No, thank you. I am not that hungry,” Steven lied.
“Have some tea then. It’s the finest in the place,” the waiter assured. “And if you did not like it, it’s for free.”
Could I fake it? Steven mused. He could see himself taking the risk. “Otherwise?” he asked shyly, weighing the option in his head.
“You pay in coins.” The waiter grinned.
Steven considered this. The idea wasn’t that bad. He needed something in his empty stomach anyways, and he knew he could act well, but what was the trick he needed to pull to support his claims? He looked away. There was a big man sitting on a chair, not like any chair. It was large and made for big people. The man’s hand was thick like a racquet. His face as big as a melon. Eyes not missing a customer, and he sat with the air of confidence and mean bossiness. He had calmness that brought the chills to the bones. One swing of his fist at anyone’s face and it would knock all their teeth out. That would be the restaurant guardian, or negotiator, or owner, or monster, or whomever. Most important, he was a man to avoid.
Steven revisited his intensions. “No thanks,” he said, defiant now.
The waiter bowed his head, dissatisfaction in his eyes, and he withdrew into the restaurant. But, on a higher ground, and between the wooden legs of a table that was behind the waiter’s body, two short legs dangled in the air with a long beard between them. Steven gave a wide smile to the world. He walked up and saw a merry face enamored by a wonderful meal. Grimdin?
The long-bearded dwarf sat on a high chair—as if made for dwarves. His table owned the best view in the place, overlooking the vast square. Grimdin lifted the bowl from its base with both hands, face nearly submerged into it. He had a sip. Took another one, and as he drank some more, his dark eyes met Steven’s. 
“Hi.” Steven waved. 
The dwarf shrugged, coughed, and slammed his chest with hard blows. His face grew red as he let the bowl down. A hard cough forced itself out again. Water caught in his eyes. Dismay took by his face as if a disaster had fallen. 
Steven had no chance other than this one, though. It was a Godsend. But the mark of annoyance sat on Grimdin’s face as if Steven was the cur of the town. The same grim expression as the night before: eyebrows meeting at the center of his face, with a vein clearly crossing in between them. 
No matter, though, Steven would hold this chance with his teeth. There was food in it. He smiled again. “Good morning.”
“The morning has gone and the afternoon began,” Grimdin spoke with an air of exhaustion.
“Good afternoon then.”
The dwarf bid him a good afternoon that lacked warmth. Steven remained quiet, kept his smile on, until the dwarf finally did what Steven hoped for: he started the conversation.
“How can I help you, Mister Steven?” said the dwarf.
“Can I… join you?”
For a moment, there was rejection on Grimdin’s lips. But as if being ruled by good morals and noble spirit, Grimdin’s kindhearted personality appeared. “The chair is for anyone. Sit if you like.”
“I would love that. Thank you!” Steven said. Grimdin seemed to be one of those good people Steven’s father had spoken of. He had said that the world was filled with people who want to do good and who are kind at heart, but it has few who know about the “art of sharing.” Steven saw this in this dwarf. There was kindness concealed behind Grimdin’s rough voice. And he hoped Grimdin’s “art of sharing” would offer him some food without humiliating Steven. Being hard on people did not seem in Grimdin’s character. 
At first, silence hung between them for a while, but a conversation began and eased the tension from the day before. Steven’s stomach, though, protested. It couldn’t wait any longer until this issue got resolved, and Grimdin response came quick. He ordered more food, and soon the waiter brought a bowl filled with carrot corn soup, and a plate with roasted chicken breast, seasoned with green herbs, gravy, and a bed of lettuce. The world turned to be a good place once more.
The warm and tender sensation of food entering the stomach was a fresh breath of life. 
“Tell me, lad, where are you from?” Grimdin started. “Your skin and your talks are from a different land I have not been to yet.”
“I’m from Amberhill, remember.”
“Yes, you told me so. But how do you come to it from here then?”
“That’s a long story,” Steven said, parking his empty bowl aside. He attacked the chicken.
“You have all my day to tell your story,” Grimdin said. He had cleared his plates and rested his hands on the table, fists clenched together, curious. 
“Honestly, I don’t know how you get there from here. I wish I did,” Steven sighed. “But I guess I can tell you about it, why not.” 
Steven shared how Amberhill used to lie far away from the noisy world until a wealthy man called Olden built his plant next to their house. It contaminated their air with endless sounds, and gave Steven little room with peace. Grimdin, however, seemed puzzled about the idea of a “plant.” But he showed little interest in it. Steven went on talking about his friends and his high school. He complained about the limited educational options his college offered. Not surprisingly, the dwarf seemed puzzled again. This time Steven tried to elaborate on the word college by saying, “Schools, many schools put together in one place makes a college.” He realized Grimdin might not know what a school was. So Steven asked Grimdin if he did.
The dwarf tilted his head to the sky, curled his brows. An answer brightened his face, “Yes, certainly I know it; we have many of it in our lands also, that we do.”
“Really?” Steven straightened his back, amazed.
“Indeed.” Grimdin nodded. “Based on what you’ve said, schools are gathering places where people would learn things. So, the house is a school of talks, the mother is a school of love, the father is a school of work, and this talk we have here …” He waved his hand at both of them. “This is the school of manners, and this life we live in is our school of wisdom.”
Steven watched in amazement. It got Grimdin chuckling. He pointed his finger and shared a simple conclusion: “Then our dwarven life is our college, am I right?” Steven laughed at the dwarf’s logic and humor. “Please, Mister Steven, carry on your talks. Do tell more of your Amberhill.”
The conversation went on until Steven came to the lady who tricked him—or perhaps sought his help, and while finishing the plate, he told Grimdin what happened at the cottage.
“And I had thought you drank some mindless drinks beyond your limits,” Grimdin retorted.
Steven laughed.
Grimdin folded his hands. He seemed calculating. “The—” Grimdin was saying when a loud trumpet blow broke into the busy market and stole everyone’s attention. The sound blasted from an alley and caused everyone to gather at the square. People pointed at an approaching rumble of drums. The sound grew stronger. Everyone made way and moved aside.
The dwarf stood up on his seat. On his tiptoes he cocked his head up as the restaurant customers started to crowd his sight. Steven left Grimdin and stood along with the rest by the porch.
Soldiers appeared from behind the alley’s bend. Faces serious. Body stiff and tall. They marched to the center of the square, where they assembled themselves in a certain fashion and halted. Ten of them stood beside one another, forming a square. Each had a tambour attached to his waist by a yellow belt, along with a sword kept in a green sheath, striped with lines of sparkling gems.
Among the group was a trumpeter who owned an older appearance. He proudly led the march with howl-blows from his ivory trumpet. As a natural reaction to anything that burst out suddenly, the crowd swarmed around them like bees to a hive. Their gossip filled the square, and opinions turned into facts. Almost everyone pointed with wows and hails at two individuals who sat on white horses with gray manes, speaking with the crowd as they held to their golden saddles. 
It was hard for Steven to discern the faces of both individuals, but he was certain that one of them was a woman and the other was a man. The man’s horse clapped its heels for everyone to hear. It took the man away from the other horse. Steven could see him better now. The man wore a white shirt with golden epaulettes and had shining ferns dangling from his shoulder. Brown leather gloves and cords of gold and green threads twisted into each other as they fastened across his upper body. His face healthy, his body well built and tough. The shiniest part of his dress was kept on his head: it was a golden crown with a ruby jewel in its heart.
Grimdin looked surprised, and Steven heard him say: “King Albert. What a sight.”
The queen followed her king. In front of her was the banner man. Keeping a flag high and waving above all heads. Within its dark green-and-golden borders sat an emblem that stroked Steven’s memory the moment he saw it: the emblem at the bottom of the cup he saw at the cottage. The very exact one.
The banner man turned away from Steven’s sight, and now, the woman behind him became visible.
No way… Steven shouldered his way forward, his heart racing. Chills ran over Steven’s body. “It’s her!” he pointed at her for Grimdin to see. “Grimdin, look. Look!” he said. “It’s her. It’s Elisa!” 

5. 
Cheers exploded throughout the square, and whispers rose to excited talks. There were people everywhere, that some of them had even climbed the trees to watch. 
The trumpeter’s hands went up. Silence fell on the place like a spell.
“Citizens of Agragort. Guests of our great city. Gather around,” he said, drawing people closer. “As our customs have it, on every third Tuesday of every month, our great city holds the most celebrated ceremony in the entire Three Lands: The Maidens Day. On this day, all girls are welcomed to participate and become the queen’s personal assistant. As you know, only two will be chosen by her majesty, the Queen of Agragort herself. 
“Her majesty shall reward two golden coins every week to the family of the chosen maidens. So, all of you are invited. Let us enjoy your company. Come to the Castle of Agragort, tomorrow, before noon. And as always, a new and most exciting surprise awaits everyone after the queen chooses her maidens.”
The applause that followed was like thunderclaps from the ground. Those at the front line to the royal family bowed their heads, and others sent flying kisses to the king and queen. The cheerful atmosphere was contagious, and people’s whistles did not rest. 
The trumpeter signaled the start of a new march. He pointed east, and led the group like a proud general on his stallion toward another alley.
Steven climbed up on a chair, hopped on the table—sending wooden cups crashing to the ground. He yelled against the voices of others. “Here! Here!” He spread his hands apart and waved.
A smile played on the queen’s lips, but it wasn’t for Steven, it was to everyone. Steven was just another yeller among many others. 
The march started again, moving toward another alley. At once, Steven jumped back to the porch, and pushed himself through. “Wait!” His voice was louder than ever. “Wait,” he raced to exit the restaurant. 
But he couldn’t push further after that, for a hard grasp tugged on his hand and pulled him to the side. It was Grimdin. “To where do you think you are going?” he said. 
“It’s her, Grimdin.” Steven pointed at the alley. “She’s Elisa, the same woman who got me here.”
“Hush your words this instant,” Grimdin’s voice was tight. His face angered.
Some people around them stepped back. Their faces wore a worried look. Steven remembered who he was addressing, but as he glanced at the street, the march was leaving, and so was his only chance. He grinned to the alarmed faces, and hissed his words to Grimdin: “It’s her.” He nodded, defiant, and pushed to catch up with the march, but Grimdin’s fingers had clamped on Steven’s wrist as if they were shackles.
“You want to meet…the queen?” Grimdin said suspiciously.
“Yes, now let go of me!” Steven yanked his hand off, but all in vain. His behavior had secreted a bad energy around them that got everyone around them uncomfortable. 
Grimdin’s grip tightened. Steven felt it to his bones. He was about to voice something, when a deep and authoritative voice came from behind the surrounding crowd and silenced everyone. “What’s happening down there!” a man said.
“Quiet now,” Grimdin hissed behind clenched teeth. He looked ahead and pulled Steven to his side.
Approaching footsteps preceded that person’s arrival. Steven could feel him in the wooden floor. The man’s long face appeared now above the rest as if he was some giant in a human form. People gave way to him as he drew closer, growing bigger, and larger. That man who Steven saw at the entrance, who seemed to have been guarding the place with his presence, had arrived. He stood in front of them, looking down, as Steven and Grimdin were in his shadow, both heads up, dumbfounded. He rubbed both hands in a white towel, and flung it on one shoulder. “Master dwarf,” the expression on his face was between a frown and a startle.  “You have been a fine customer of my restaurant so far. Have I disturbed you in any way?” he questioned, as if hinting on something.
“Not at all,” Grimdin said. “You have been most kind.”
“Then why are you disturbing my business?” the man folded his hands on his chest, with chest-hair thick and curly, bursting out between his shirt’s lapels. He searched for a lie in his stares. Lips pressed inward. 
While Steven gazed at the man’s thick arms, which warned of serious damage if used in a fight, Grimdin replied without wasting a second. “My apologies,” he said. “You see, my young friend here remembered a dear fellow of his who had passed away since long, and now he’s grieving for him. He often loses his mind whenever he does so.” Grimdin’s rueful eyes had almost convinced Steven that he was right.
The waiter jerked back. His serious face tendered. Suspicious looks softened. The man stepped back. “I am sorry for your loss, sir. Terribly sorry.” He meant it.
Steven instinctively played along. He bent his head low. “I didn’t mean to cause any trouble.”
The waiter laid his heavy arm on Steven. His fist cupped Steven’s shoulder. He leaned closer, white teeth shining in his grin. “There is peace in death. Your friend is in good place. It is all well now.” He patted Steven’s back, as if to shake him out of his sadness.
“Thank you,” Steven blinked. Not wanting another pat from the giant. He took a sneaky look at the market: it had returned to its busy state. The march was gone. Now, true sorrow filled his heart.
“We may sit here a bit longer if that is fine with you,” Grimdin said to the man.
“Please do!” And the man walked them to their table. “Feel free to ask me for anything,” he insisted, and left to attend his business.
“Steven, my friend.” Grimdin sat, waving his hand on the chair opposite to him. “Please, sit down. Let’s talk.”
Steven sat with disappointment crushing his spirit. He was unable to accept losing that opportunity. He looked at both sides, then leaned in, angrily. “What the hell did you do?” he whispered, and straightened his back against the chair, frustration making him tap the ground with his legs rapidly. “That was my only chance.” He waved at the alley. “It was her,” he whispered. A strange desire to break something brewed from within.
Grimdin remained placid. “I had to stop you,” he finally said, “such a reckless pursuit will end you dead. Your head won’t be on that shoulder of yours. No one approaches the king and his queen like that, Steven. Haven’t you seen their royal guards? Haven’t you seen their looks in the crowd? Those soldiers and their swords shall answer any reckless attempt the instant anything happens. I tell you that. Something alarming has happened to this city. Something making everyone on the edge. Calm down, now. Think wisely before you act.” 
There were many times in Steven’s life that he got overtaken by sudden excitement, and lost all connection with his mind to his emotions. Luckily, for some reason or another, something had always interrupted his spontaneous reaction. It was a strange luck. But, even still, the realization of being wrong gave birth to immense guilt: the kind that threw Steven into embarrassment. He hated how such moments turned him into a fool. Those were the worst moment of his life. And now that he could reflect back at what had happened, there was sense in Grimdin’s talk. The guards’ fists were on the their hilts. Their eyes cruised over the crowd. Who was Steven but another excited citizen, or maybe, a dangerous one? 
Steven looked away, breathing his anger out, consumed with shame. He didn’t know what to say. He felt he owed Grimdin an apology and a “thank you.” Those two things were hard to voice at once. “I’m sorry,” he finally said.
Grimdin nodded. His smile was always refreshing. He leaned back and started brushing his mustache with two fingers. Although his eyes were on Steven, they were distant, lost in deep thoughts.
Steven said nothing. He bit his lower lip and wandered back to the life he was trying to return to: his family, his friends, the woods, and everything about Amberhill: its air, its people, its scent, even the clanks of the factory. It felt as if they all belong to some sweet dream that would never happen. A dream that he might forget soon. 
He wanted to be back. He wanted it badly. 
There was a sore taste on his lip now, whenever he touched it with his tongue. He had bit it pretty hard. “Grimdin?” Steven said, breaking whatever the dwarf was thinking of. “What do you think I should do?”
The dwarf got his busy hand over the other one, now both folded on his long beard. “I believe that I know exactly what we should do,” Grimdin raised his brows. 
The words excited Steven somehow. They burned him with curiosity. “What?” he straightened his back.
“This.” And Grimdin raised a hand up, and said: “Excuse me?” 
The waiter to their left turned. A grin played on his lips. He started toward them. 
“May myself and my good friend here have some of your lovely tea to clear our heads?”
The chubby man snapped to the dwarf’s request as if being asked to prepare the restaurant’s signature drink. “Certainly, master dwarf. Right away on the tea!” After a swift turn, he wobbled toward the kitchen, then almost chanted the words: “Heat the pots, get the cups, a master awaits our ancient traits.” Then he was gone behind the blue-striped curtains of the kitchen.
 “Now, my friend. We wait some more. I must think.” Grimdin returned to his quiet state of meditating.
Steven was not sure how to respond. He sank in his chair, stumped.
The late afternoon light gave them warmth, and a citrus scent passed through the shrubs that crawled around the fence. The clatter of spoons and plates had rested, and the excited market became less tense. But Crunchdough Tavern seemed busy. It gave birth to more of its delicious scents. 
No more merchants called for deals at this hour of the day, and the people with flashy dresses were gone. They disappeared. Steven could see others now. Perhaps the true citizens of Agragort, he thought. They wore normal dresses, with less exciting, more muted colors, unlike the earlier lot who seemed in a fashion show. There was something different in the air now, some sort of strange quietness, caught in everyone’s breaths and stares, sitting on their closed lips, and hidden in their low conversations. It wasn’t a bad energy, though. It was however, as Steven could feel it, strange. 
A faint whistle grew sharper from the kitchen. Perhaps their tea was getting ready. The sound had broken Grimdin’s thoughts. He took in a deep breath, rested his hands on the table, and said: “Your case is a true mystery, Steven. I must admit. I have shuffled it in my head, and I cannot come to any conclusion.”
“Yeah. I know,” Steven sighed, scratching the table with his nail.
“But, your case is no less mysterious than mine.” Grimdin’s words made Steven look back up. “For you see, my father has gone missing, and no one knows his whereabouts,” he said, placid as if he was not worried, or hiding his feelings, or perhaps, unable to do anything about it.
“Someone left his belongings at my doorstep, along with a note.” Grimdin continued. “I don’t know who, but the note said that I have to come here. 
“But, no matter, I sense that our case is one, Steven. I doubt that this is the work of coincidence. I doubt, my friend, that there is something darker working beyond our knowledge.” 
“What do you mean?”
“We are being watched.”
Steven leaned his back slowly against the chair. His heart beat so strangely now. His hands flat on the table. His eyes darting between the people around them, searching. 
“You won’t find anyone here,” Grimdin said, defiant. “Whatever is watching us, we cannot see it, I am certain of that.” He nodded. “They are Jinns.”
Chills ran through Steven’s neck. That was a name Steven knew. It belonged to something he did not want to face. Ghosts and Jinns had always been something on his mind, taking shelter in the dark corners of his imagination. He read about them. He heard stories that he would not want to share. Three years ago, on a quiet night, Steven found a letter on his bed. It read: “i see you when you sleep and close your eyes.”
No one in his house possessed a mind for such a prank. Steven was the only person among them who could pull something like this, but no one else. That night was the scariest in his life. He had never thought he would be so afraid of ghosts until that letter had arrived on his bed. The handwriting wasn’t familiar. The paper damped with humidity. He left the lights on, and for nights, the lights did not go off. He slept in that fearful state for over a week, until Peter, his best friend, confessed that he was the person behind it. It was a payback response to one of Steven’s pranks. But until today, Steven had no clue how Peter managed to sneak the letter into his room. And Peter never revealed the way. 
“I fear them too,” Grimdin said, as if reassuring Steven that he wasn’t alone. He was about to continue talking when his eyes caught something. He closed his mouth and hushed. He leaned against the chair, watching. 
Steven did not dare to look behind. He could hear his heart beating in his ears, and the entire ambience around him wasn’t within his ear’s reach.
“There you are, masters—the finest tea in the entire Three Lands!” said the waiter as he showed up. His appearance almost stopped Steven’s heart. He set two small cups in the middle of the table, gurgled tea into them, left the teapot aside, and said: “Enjoy,” before he was gone.
Steven restarted the conversation. “How did you know they are ghosts, or Jinns?” he asked.
“From the other note. The Specters Scribe. It’s unlike any. We have it in our legends that notes with peculiar handwriting, crunched in fist size, with broken letters, mashed and scrambled so no one could read them, made of a substance that does not exist in our world, were used as secret messages between two ancient groups. I have never believed in such things. Not even once, until I saw it with my own eyes.
“In our world we can feel and touch the Living Elements: Those are the things that we see through the light. Those are the things that we touch and use like fire and water and rock and air. But there is yet another world that exists within ours. A world that’s bound by the Dark Substance. It’s made of mysterious elements that fill the entire world and the sky around us. It passes through our bodies, and we can’t feel it doing so. We cannot see them, we cannot touch them. It is this substance that keeps the Jinns concealed from our sight. It’s their source of life. It’s their fire and water, their air and rock. That is their world, Steven: where everything we cannot see lies.”
What kind of place is this? Steven thought. Is he talking about Dark Matter here, or what? 
“My heart tells me that my father is fine. This man gets himself in trouble all the time, and he often pulls himself out. But why do my guts fail to agree with my heart? I do not know. I cannot imagine my father drawn in a serious predicament without knowing his way out,” Grimdin confessed. “He is a Leatherond you see: one who can forge maps out of legends and tales. He can open places that should have been otherwise locked. His diary ends in this city, and the note tells me to be in Agragort. Where, I don’t know? Why, I don’t know? I have searched the corners of this place and found nothing.” 
Grimdin took the cup in his hands. “Have some of this.” He cocked his head at Steven’s cup. “It rests the nerves, and I feel that ours have tensed. We need to calm down to find our way.”
The dwarf was right. Worrying wouldn’t help; in fact, all the worse would happen if they did so. There was some doubt and an unsettled feeling stirring in his heart, though. It kept him watching everyone around him. He couldn’t rest that notion still. 
He had the tea. It was warm, and different. It had a strong peppermint taste, and it did have the soothing effect Grimdin spoke off. Grimdin poured some more tea into their cups. “We shall find a way to solve this together. It will take time. And I’m afraid a very long time. So, have patience, my friend.
“King Albert and Elisa know my father very well. I have sought their council but their men stopped me from seeing them. Those bastards with swords!” Grimdin huffed. “So, we will plan it well together.” He nodded, sipping some of his tea. “My thoughts are to get closer to the king in a different way. It’s a hard task. The king and queen never leave their palace alone.” Grimdin itched his beard. “And I have learned that they will be travelling ten days from now. They will take the eastern road on a journey to Athaland. I mean to seek them there. That is our chance,” Grimdin assured. “It’s good to have some company along.”
Steven did not comment. So we both need to meet the royal family, he thought. However, waiting for ten days wasn’t something he was prepared to accept. He couldn’t wait that long. He balked within. Grimdin had a good idea, but could there be a better and faster way? Steven pondered.
For some reason, Steven remembered Grimdin’s pack, and he didn’t know why he would remember such a thing now. After a prolonged silence, and having enough tea that Steven’s mind and body had relaxed well, Steven said: “You know, the first time we met, I was amazed, especially after I saw your journal. It’s really—how to say—unique.”
There was a blush on the dwarf’s cheeks. “It is,” he admitted modestly. “This is my most precious belonging.”
Steven had great respect for people with journals. He found them thoughtful for some reason. “You…” Steven said, as he thought of his words. “Write stories,” he assumed.
Grimdin opened his eyes wide. “I do. What a mind on you, lad.” The dwarf seemed amazed.
Steven touched the collar of his shirt. “I do that.” He nodded humbly. And they both laughed to that. 
By now, the sky darkened. It offered no light except for what the stars and the crescent moon shone. And as Steven stared at the glow of the heavenly lamps, mulling over for a solution, a fascinating opportunity struck him.
He slammed a fist into his other hand’s heel. That’s it. He repositioned himself in his seat.
“What is the matter?” Grimdin asked.
“I have a good idea.” 
“About?”
“Meeting the king and queen, of course. Listen, what if, just if, we talk to one of the girls who are planning to participate tomorrow, and ask her to set us up with a meeting with the queen?”
“Ha!” Grimdin snapped. “Won’t work. No girl would do such a thing.”
“Why not? We will give her gold for just asking the queen to meet us. You say the queen knows your father, so I don’t see the problem. So far we cannot reach because of the guards. This girl would send the message. I am sure the king and queen will ask for us. It’s worth a try.”
“You cannot reach a king that easy. You are dreaming.”
“True,” Steven said at once, remembering a line from his Mercutio character. He continued: “I talk of dreams…which are the children of an idle brain?” 
Grimdin paused, and then gave a laugh, one that made Steven laugh as well.
Steven rubbed his hair shyly. “Anyways, the point is, we have to try somehow.”
Grimdin took in a deep breath. “My dear Steven, we have no assurance if our girl would be chosen or not. And how do you propose in finding those girls who will participate? You want to ask every girl? It’s a good thought, a wonderful dream, but I’m afraid it won’t work. I commend you on your wild imagination, though. You have an ambitious spirit.”
“Thanks, but trust me, it’s worth the risk. And yes, I am literally going to ask any girl tomorrow morning if they will participate and if they will help. Most will say no, but surely one would say yes.”
Grimdin sighed. “And where will you get the gold?” he asked. “You will need to pay many of them to keep your secret and take this chance. That’s too much gold.” 
Steven knew from the way Grimdin spoke that he wasn’t interested anymore. He was being hard just to discourage Steven’s plan, but Steven never minded it. If Steven had learned anything about travelling and business from his father, it was how one could handle his cash well, and put aside something for the dark times. 
How would it possibly be that a traveler like Grimdin could cross the seas—as Grimdin had mentioned earlier, and dine in the best restaurants, take good inns as accommodation, and provision for a long journey, without a decent lot of money. That dwarf, Steven thought, would leak gold if there were holes in his pockets.
“I will get it from you,” Steven said, as if the answer was obvious already.
Grimdin gave Steven a measuring look. His face did not deny that he carried money. But he responded like any businessman would on a deal. “Why would I waste a golden coin on a weak deal? Chances are, I lose the gold. The odds are not in your favor, Steven. You know it.”
To Steven, however, this was a usual sight. Even though his proposal did not sound too good to happen, he wanted to win this challenge. He had been with his father enough to realize how one would sell his product. His father had shaken enough hands on closures with customers who, at first, refused their business proposals, until his father started speaking. “Be calm, and keep pushing,” his father once told Steven about his tactic in such situations. “What we sell no one does, and what we believe in, no one sees. So be confident. Don’t blame them. We are inventors, don’t forget that.” And they were; they had done things no one could ever create with wood. His father was an expert carpenter, and Steven was someone with high imagination and engineering skill. He had a good sense about things. 
Dealing with such an argument would require true belief, though: the belief of being his father, right now, right in this moment—in this instant. In his mind, Steven wore his father’s dark-framed glasses. He added the thick black mustache shot with gray, and then the fine trimmed beard. He felt himself bigger, larger, and as if he had put on a chunk of weight. He was transforming himself mentally into someone who had made hundreds of closures. His father’s voice spoke in his head now. He donned his father fully: his attitude, his calm presence, and even his breath. 
“Here is why you would take the risk,” Steven started, spreading his fingers apart. He tapped each one as he counted his reasons, and spoke with the air of a new personality. “One: your plan will take some time before it starts, and I would suppose, judging by the circumstances, there is no guarantee it would work either, so this plan won’t disturb it. It has a chance. Maybe low. But it’s worth it. Two: now this is important. Your father has been kidnapped, Grimdin, and my family is in a terrible situation as we speak, so why the hell are we waiting, let’s try something out. You never know. Three: you will be spending much more money already while you wait, maybe this investment would make it faster and save you a great deal of money already. Four—”
Grimdin closed Steven’s hand with his fist. “I admire your spirit. But, I’m afraid I will not support you on this one. It will just not work.” His expression wanted to end the discussion.
For a brief moment, Steven kept quiet, contemplating. Not only did he want to try out this plan, he made up in his mind that Grimdin must agree. He had to take the chance. No matter how low it was. Steven believed in it, and just then, a strange thought came to him, one that got Steven curious to try. It could work, he thought. What’s there to lose anyways?
“Well,” Steven said, spreading his fingers out again. “Wait till you hear the best reason. I will skip the fourth reason and go to the fifth one. It will convince you.”
Grimdin folded his hand on his chest. He took a deep breath, and said: “And what would that be?”
Steven tapped his pinky. “I tell you a story,” he said with excitement. “One that you have never heard of in your entire life, one that could not be found or told by anyone except me, one that would make you amazed, give you the feeling of love, and be totally out of this world.” And he brought his hands together and held them under his nose, waiting for Grimdin’s response, praying to God to help him.
Grimdin stroked his beard. His silence gave Steven hope. His curious nature returned. He stroked his beard more and more, then pressed his lips together, squinted one eye. He said: “And you suppose that with this money we will gain access to the king and his queen?”
“I am certain of it,” Steven said, confident.
“You see. I worry on my father more than the mother to her child, but even though I believe your plan would not work, not in the least. I appreciate what you are doing, and I am curious to learn the stories that shape your country’s belief. Very well then, a golden coin it is,” Grimdin said, and reached out for his pack.
“A golden coin? Tut tut.” Steven shook his head. “For this story, it will be four golden coins.” 
“Dear the lords.” Grimdin almost jumped in his seat. “Four?!” 
“You heard me right.”
“I shall pay two golden coins only, and that’s all I have for you and your tale, and should what I hear be worthless of telling, you may find our friendship in jeopardy,” he stated, then offered his hand to confirm his offer with a handshake. 
That reaction, Steven loved. “Good enough.” He smiled, and they shook on it.
The dwarf got a golden coin from a red velvet pouch and gave it a flick with his finger. “Here is my first due,” he said as Steven caught it. “Now.” Grimdin pointed. “The second shall come if I am pleased with what you tell, and if not, you shall lose the gold and my friendship.”
Money was indeed a great deal to Grimdin. “No worries,” Steven said, “at least let me get the second golden coin before I lose your friendship.” He grinned. “Never mind, but I hope you stick to your promise.”
“We dwarves never disregard our vows; it’s honor or death,” Grimdin said proudly.
“I see. That’s very good,” Steven said. He lifted his legs and sat crossed-legged on the chair. 
Grimdin laughed. He was engaged. 
Steven donned a serious face: it’s time for a story. “You will wish you had given me four golden coins for this one, but listen, in a town far from your imagination, a place only the wittiest thrived, there once lived a young boy. He was brave and honest, adventurous, and clever, but he was a poor fellow. He was known for his soft pranks and humble personality.” He pointed at Grimdin. “His name was, Aladdin.”

6.
Aladdin’s tale baffled Grimdin.
“That is a great tale, Steven, and you are a great storyteller indeed. You are well deserved of that golden coin and the one still coming to you.” Grimdin reached for his pouch of gold. 
But Steven said: “I won’t need it. Maybe something comes up tomorrow that I will require your help, so that other golden coin should pay for it.” 
There was a moment of hesitation and silence, until Grimdin finally pulled his hand back, and seemed relieved for not spending more money. “Sure, so long my beard is not involved in the matter,” he said and returned the coin to the satchel.
Steven laughed. “I need your beard just the way it is.”
Customers were leaving, and Steven and Grimdin’s conversation had been so long that they forgot the presence of time. The lanterns alongside the alleys dimmed as the flames melted the candles within. The breeze kept coming down, chilling the air and sending more people back to their homes.
Steven played with his golden coin under the table. He brought it to his face. “Thanks again,” he said to Grimdin and pocketed it. “I need to go to the toilet.”
“Where?”
Oh yeah, Steven said under his breath. “To the rest room. I need to get the water and food out of my body.”
Grimdin laughed. “Me too,” he confessed. “So I believe it would be better if we leave now. We have a long day tomorrow.”
“Good idea.”
Grimdin took care of the bill, and as they started to leave, he slammed his forehead with his fist. “What a wry mind I have. I must have told you earlier.” 
“Told me what?” Steven stopped.
“I had reserved another room for few more nights,” Grimdin said, then added. “This time, with both beds for my account only.” 
“Is that right?” Steven exclaimed. Grimdin’s words weren’t inviting, as if they told Steven to look for somewhere else to sleep. 
Steven looked at the square; he saw some trash accumulated under a lamplight. “Well, if that’s the case, then I guess I have no other choice.” He pointed his hand at the lamplight. “I’ll sleep there tonight, then.” 
“No, no.” Grimdin waved both hands. “I don’t want it for you. You are not a street rat. There are other clean spots on the streets,” Grimdin said seriously, “Or, why don’t you pay the coin I gave you for a night there?” Grimdin pointed at another building. “You will still have enough money for your quest tomorrow.”
Steven turned, agape. What? Is he serious? 
Grimdin fastened his sling-bag across his chest. “Come on now.” He patted Steven’s back. “Sleep there tomorrow if you wish, but you can stay with me as much as you like,” he said. “Come. That coin is for a greater cause. I wish you luck with it.” He winked and went past the tables, while Steven was amazed, gazing at Grimdin walking away with a ticklish sensation growing in his chest. 
The following day, Steven woke up early and left Grimdin sleeping. By the time he returned, it was almost afternoon, but he wasn’t empty-handed. He carried with both hands a fat wrapped sack, tied with a firm knot, and stuffed with all sort of things. It was heavy. He pressed down on the door’s handle with his leg, and pushed. His eyes went to the rounded figure lying underneath the woolen blanket. 
“Still sleeping?” he said, struggling with what he carried. He tossed the fat sack on his bed, turned toward Grimdin’s bed, and cried: “Grimdin, wake up!”
The dwarf opened his eyes at once and threw the blanket off the bed. “What is the matter, Steven?” he was now up on his feet. He scratched his stomach, rubbed his eyes in a sluggish mood. “I thought war was upon us,” he yawned. “My dear fellow, do not wake me up in this fashion, my heart cannot handle it. I am old.”
“Your father has gone missing and you are still sleeping? You should be ashamed of yourself,” Steven said, and went on before giving Grimdin a chance to speak. “We must hurry now. Get ready. I need your help. We don’t have much time.”
There was a reply on Grimdin’s lips, but he did not voice it. He frowned. A vein crossed between his brows. His lips curled down on one side. He had nothing on but his trousers, and the russet hair on his chest, which made him look fatter. 
Steven did not press further. He untied the knot, and strewed its contents on the bed. There was a fine peach-colored dress, long brown hair, a white silky wrap, a red scarf with yellow embroidery, and a sack of flour, along with a big chunk of tiny bronze hair clips.
And as he was arranging his stuff, he heard Grimdin’s bare feet tap the floor, then the splashes of water, then some shuffling, and some movement, and then the heavy sound of shoes getting closer to him. Grimdin was by his side now. “You found someone?” the dwarf asked. His voice was upset. 
“Unfortunately. No,” Steven said. “But there is a change of plan,” Steven added. “Now hold this for me for sometime. Yes. Get your hands out. Good. Now don’t let it fall. I don’t want it wrinkled. I must get all these things before she comes.”
Grimdin had a peach dress folded in his hand. His face, though, was confused. “Before who comes?” he said.
“Clarice.” 
“But you said you didn’t find anyone.”
“I didn’t find anyone for this job,” Steven fumbled around the stuff. “I found someone else who had a better plan. A great one! It will require your help, though; you play a very important role in it. And I know you will help. She is the one who asked me to buy all of this.”
“You mean to say that we shall risk our lives with someone’s else plan, someone who we barely know? Someone who you just met? What a mindless thing is this!” Grimdin tossed the dress on the bed. “Don’t you realize how dreadful it would be if we invited anyone into our predicament?”
“Dammit.” Steven picked the dress and kept it on Grimdin’s bed. “Don’t get it wrinkled now. We worked so hard on this. Now, listen, don’t worry, she’s really nice. You can trust her. Very sweet girl with great sense of humor, and really clever. She has a really good plan. She has everything. She will be our friend, you will like her a lot. Trust me, Gremmy.”
“Our friend, you say! Has the sun been so hot on your head? Have you lost your mind?”
“Yes.”
“Steven!” The dwarf’s voice tightened.
“Relax.” Steven picked up the long brown hair, which was more like a wig, then swung it on top of his head. He said to a face grimacing with rage, “What do you think? Does the color match?” 
“Do not take me for a fool,” Grimdin frowned, tired of being toyed with. 
Steven smiled. “I am not. I am serious….I am Clarice.”
The dwarf cringed with shock.
“No …” Steven laughed. “I am not Clarice as Clarice, but I shall turn myself into her.” He winked.
Grimdin almost tripped as he stepped back, agape, staring at Steven as if he was some alien. “B-b-ut, you are a man!”
“And that’s exactly why this trick will work,” Steven said. He spread the hair’s strands out with the teeth of his comb, and combed some more with care. “Today is the ceremony, and Clarice must participate and become one of the queen’s maidens.”
“What?” Grimdin snapped. “Ignorance begets darned serious trouble. You are sending us into madness with this!”
“I want to participate in the maidens’ contest because I need to talk to the queen in private. She must take me back to Amberhill. It’s my only chance, my only hope. I will get her to talk to you, too. You will be able to find out more about your father. We can’t wait for ten days doing nothing. Grimdin! come on, We must try. This is our chance.”
“They will catch you, kill you, and disgrace me and my father. You are going to disturb this wonderful event, and I refuse to help you.” Grimdin puffed with outrage.
If anything was true about the tales Steven read—if anything at all—then the dwarves were a proud race who honored their words. Let it be bloodshed, let it be humility. There was great honor in one’s promise, and a great disgrace if not fulfilled, too.
Steven remained placid. “You will help me. You gave me your word, remember.” 
“I certainly have not,” Grimdin protested.
“Oh yes, you have. We shook hands on it, and you promised to do me a favor so long as your beard was not involved,” Steven said, stretching the hair along the bed’s length.
“That…” Grimdin stomped hard. “That is not what it meant!” He squeezed a hard fist.
“I know that’s not what you mean.” Steven assured him. “But that is what it meant, too.” He grinned. Steven couldn’t afford to have Grimdin disapprove now; he needed his help—he needed it badly. “I truly understand your concerns. But I won’t make you look bad. I need only this favor from you. Trust me. You will find more information on your father. It’s me who’s taking the risk. Not you. Not anyone else. Only me.
“Do you realize what is happening at my home now? My mother, my father…my God, they are all devastated. We are friends Grimdin, I promise nothing bad will happen to you.”
Grimdin droned on. He plodded back and forth, going and coming, with eyes searching the ground as if his solution was written on the back of some panicked ant. 
Steven stood in silence. He’ll agree, I’m sure. He told himself.
“You do not deserve my trust,” Grimdin grunted, then trudged over to Steven, stood in front of him, and shouted his grudging approval. “Tell me what you want me to do, and be direct, be truthful!”
Steven wanted to hug the dwarf. “I just want you to consider me your daughter.”
“My daughter?” the dwarf said, in more shock.
“Is there a problem with that?” Steven said. He thought he was honest and direct now.
Grimdin waved his finger at Steven from head to toe. “This is the problem!”
“Why? You said yesterday that marriage between dwarves and women happen. It’s rare, but it happens. So?”
“I certainly did not.”
“No?” Steven covered his mouth, thinking. “Why did I think so then…do dwarves marry women?”
Grimdin returned to his rage. “Enough with your nonsense. They will know we are tricking them.” 
“Trust me, they won’t,” Steven assured. “Grimdin,” he said, leaning down and holding Grimdin’s shoulder, “If there is anything I know most, then it is this: no one, and I mean, no one, ever, thinks that someone dares to do something fool in a serious situation. It’s human nature, and I know it. This will work. No one will notice. I will handle it. Nothing bad will ever happen to anyone, I am sure, I am positive. Trust me. I only need you to do this. This is our chance. Let’s use it. Please. I beg you, Grimdin,” Steven pled.
Grimdin took in a deep breath. He snuffed it out. Took another one and sent it out again. “You are a grueling companion,” he murmured, “I’ll do what you want, and that’s that.” He waved his hand, ending the discussion.
At once, Steven hugged Grimdin. “Thank you. Thank you so much. I won’t let you down.” He bowed his head and held Grimdin’s hand, smiling from joy. “Thank you… father!”
In spite of Grimdin’s grimace, there was a faint smile hidden underneath that look of disapproval. Steven knew it. He did not comment further, though. He started his transformation.
Both leather sacks filled with flour gave Steven good breasts. He wrapped a long piece of fabric around himself to get them to hold tight. All the while, the look on Grimdin’s face was priceless, and he kept scratching his forehead, staring at Steven in disbelief. 
“You are a master at this, aren’t you, Steven? Do all men in Amberhill fancy dressing like women?” Grimdin asked, then both of them burst into laughter.
Steven looked at his nails. “Well, what can I say, I’m simply multitalented,” he said, and joined Grimdin in another round of laughter. “Actually,” Steven continued, “You pick up many things while acting for the Final Play, besides, my little sister plays with her toys all the time. And of course I added some of my imagination to it. It’s my first time doing this. Not bad, right?”
“Not bad indeed,” Grimdin clapped. “But I doubt it is your first attempt.”
“It is.” Steven put on the dress and started fixing the wig on his head using some clips. 
“Hmm?” Grimdin started. “You could have chosen a better name, Steven?” Grimdin said, turning his thinking face. 
But Steven faced Grimdin with a hint of a frown. “You don’t like Clarice?”
Grimdin seemed to catch Steven’s determination. “I…do. It’s beautiful, I guess. But not very dwarven, maybe.”
“I am half human too. Don’t forget that. Clarice is good enough.”
Grimdin shrugged. “That would be fine too I suppose.”
“Good.”
Grimdin walked to the window, craned his head outside and said: “Quite an atmosphere.” He returned,  “So, tell me. From where did you manage to get all these things?”
“I found a farmer, and believe it or not, that golden coin did wonders. His wife made this wig for me. She gave me this dress, even though she did not cut it really good at the bottom, but still, it’s good to go. I mean, she gave me everything and showed me how to do it,” he said, working the clips the way he was taught, but struggling with no mirror around.
“You spent the entire gold on this? What a curious case, didn’t the farmer wonder what business you had with his materials?”
“Well, I just said that I am performer, and I was in great need of all these things for my act today. The golden coin made them work really fast.”
“Ha! You scare me now with your thoughts,” Grimdin said. “You know, you are lucky you have no beard on your face.” 
“Actually, now that I think of it, it would have helped if I had a little. Don’t all dwarf ladies have beards?” Steven chuckled. “Do dwarves marry?” he then said playfully, while busy with his work.
“And how do you suppose we come to exist, from our father’s beard?” Grimdin said with a loud laugh. “By the lords that made the grounds, we have women, the most beautiful of all, and they are called Dwarvas.” With apparent pride and honor, he added, “Must you know that our Dwarvas are the fairest of all—no beard but for males and beasts.”
“I didn’t know that,” Steven said. “The dwarven ladies were called Dwarvas? That’s new to me.”
“Many things are new to you, young boy.” 
As their dwarven subject ended, Steven fixed the wig. He put on a scarf and made knot under his chin, looking like a farm girl. The many clips were concealed under the scarf while the rest of the hair dropped behind him as well as over his forehead. 
“Dear the lords of the earth!” the dwarf exclaimed, slamming his hand against his forehead.
“I told you it would work.” Steven smiled, feeling embarrassed and proud. “What do you think?” 
Grimdin’s lips curled down and he squinted as if not wanting to reply. “You look better as a man,” he said finally. “But I suppose this looks fine.”
“It looks fine?” Steven questioned. He knew he didn’t do justice to the real Clarice, but he was proud of his creation. “Damn. We don’t have time for this.” He picked up a red ribbon from the bed, and went to Grimdin. “Take this and tie my hair just like yours.” 
Steven passed the ribbon to him, and Grimdin got it done.
“Thanks. Now I look different than all the girls. I look like your real daughter.”
Grimdin laughed. 
Steven looked out the window as the early afternoon sunlight passed through and warmed up the room. He took in fresh air, and nodded. “I’m ready. Let’s go.”

7.
They followed the crowd down the alleys. The mark of excitement was on everyone’s face. All adolescent girls wore glamorous dresses, and their hair was well combed and sleek. Steven’s presence in his cross-dressed state did not attract much attention, and there was nothing exceptional about his competition, except for their long, blond hair. Steven’s was brown like mud.
Grimdin pulled Steven aside. He seemed to have just thought of something. He whispered: “Steven? How are you going to talk in this voice?”
“Huh?” Steven shrugged. “Good question,” he muttered. I haven’t thought of that…damn, he realized it was too late to come up with something new, now. “I guess,” he said, “I will be quiet, then.”
“Quiet?” The dwarf jerked back a step. “How will you be quiet when you get questioned? What a mindless head you have!”
“I don’t know!” Steven hissed. “I will figure it out,” he said. He did not want to waste more time and discuss this with Grimdin. He would improvise. A solution would present itself as always. So, he forced a smile, bowed his head, and pressed down on the scarf with a hand, then sped on along with the crowd. 
 “Wait,” Grimdin’s voice called from behind.
But Steven rounded the next corner, and as he did, a sight held him in total amazement. He stopped, awed by the majestic and breathtaking structure of the Castle of Agragort. It lay at the end of a pathway that sagged between rolling meadows, and then reached a white-bricked moat. It crossed over a river and stopped between two tall gatehouses, mussed with shrubs. Alongside the castle’s walls were many identical shrubby towers, built on different parts, and attended by sentinels. 
“Ah! There you are,” Grimdin hailed in a loud voice, catching up to Steven. “So you haven’t come to this side of the city yet.” 
“This is beautiful,” Steven breathed.
“Indeed.” 
Not only the castle was beautiful, it sat before a river that came from an endless east, and ran to the endless west, mirroring the blue sky as if it was a silver plate. Along the river’s shores were old ladies washing their dresses, and a few children splashing water on one another, crying merrily while some strolled into the forest behind. 
But a loud bell rang from afar. It came from the castle, and halted everyone’s movement.
The bell rang in a hand of a soldier whose helmet shone from the top of the castle gatehouse. He cried aloud:
“Come and join us on the Maiden’s Day,
As the queen chooses as she may.
For only two shall win tonight: 
Wealth, and joy, and endless delight.”
 
And he rang the bell one more time, and with these tolls, Steven hurried along with the crowd as if they were all part of a race. Grimdin sped beside Steven and passed by him. 
Under the urgency of the situation and importance of having Grimdin, Steven forgot his new identity. He couldn’t afford losing the dwarf now. “Wait!” he shouted. Everyone looked with disbelief. But Steven held the rim of his dress in a hand, and chased the dwarf, only that Grimdin passed through the gate and disappeared. 
Steven followed the crowd’s buzz, and finally came to the place of the ceremony. Damn you, Grimdin. He looked right and left. Where is he? 
A wide wooden stage, built about four feet off the ground, stood in front of the main castle’s building. The stage had many chairs on both sides, all facing the crowd. In the center was a single throne that sat behind a white gate. The stage was on a higher level than the crowd, which kept whistling and cheering.
Guards patrolled the stage as if it contained a precious treasure. Steven searched for an empty chair, but they were all occupied. His heart sank. 
The lineup of girls to the left was still alive. There was hope in their faces, and they waited in front of a wooden gate attended by guards. Steven pushed through the throng that separated him from them, feeling crushed by the crowd. On his tiptoes, he cocked his head and saw the man at the head of the lineup. He was in the process of granting or denying a girl. Maybe the last girl, Steven thought. 
An opened book sat in his hand, and the man soon pointed for one of the fathers to sign his name with a feather pen. The girl kissed and hugged her father, then she was taken by a guard and seated on the stage.
The man at the gate waved his hand, and on his signal, a bell tolled from afar followed by a loud cry:
 
“The chance was given for everyone,
To be called the Chosen One.
If this wasn’t your day, then the next might be.
So step aside, and enjoy the ceremony.”
 
No, no, Steven pushed forward. A cry stuck in Steven’s throat. 
Some of the girls cried as they walked from the lineup. Others were persistent and tried to speak to the bookman who was busy with his book; ignoring them. But Grimdin’s body emerged from the depth of the crowd. He ignored the grumbling girls, and got the bookkeeper’s attention. They conversed. The bookman nodded with a smile.
Steven couldn’t believe it. He pushed further, waving for Grimdin who spotted Steven jostling. 
“Let her pass!” the bookman ordered, and the guards made way for Steven.
Steven stepped forward. He smiled, looking shy.
“This is my girl … Clarice,” Grimdin announced with pride.
“Your daughter?” the bookman questioned. He raised a brow. “I have not seen a Dwarva that looks like us before. You said she is from Agragort. I cannot see that.” The bookman slammed his book closed. “I am sorry, mister, but we only accept people who live here.”
What? Steven wanted to protest, but Grimdin’s reply shot at once.
“Master is how you shall address me!” He frowned. “We are the Gors!” Grimdin yammered. 
Yes! That’s who we are. Steven puffed his chest out like a rooster.
“You fail to recognize your kin!” Grimdin clenched a hard fist. “Must I shout for the truth to be believed! His mother is from these parts.” he stated as he glared at the bookman, who seemed unassured of himself and how to handle the situation. “You gave me a promise, and you must stand by it. Let her in this instant, I say, let her in!” Grimdin ordered.
Steven glared at the man as well, who, caving under the dual pressure, called for the guard behind the wooden gate, whispered in his ear, and turned toward the Gor family. “I believe there is one extra chair available and in a good place.”
“I believe so,” Grimdin replied angrily.
Steven wanted to jump from happiness, while angry girls whispered their curses from behind.
The book man opened his book and flipped the pages quickly. He then passed a feather pen to the dwarf. “Write down your names and address here, if you please.” He pointed underneath the last written name.
Grimdin Gor, father of Clarice G. Gor, from Hillsquare, Udrin’s Inn, room 28, was what Grimdin wrote in his swirling handwriting before he returned the pen to the book man.
“Thank you, master dwarf,” the bookman said, then closed the book without even noting what Grimdin wrote. “Open the gate,” he said, “You may come in…Clarice.”
A protest groaned from behind, but Grimdin and Steven ignored the unhappy girls and their families. Before leaving, Steven saw Grimdin with a big smile. He bent down closer from him. “I shall never forget this, you are a true friend,” he whispered into Grimdin’s ear, with one hand still holding his headgear together.
“I hope you come back with good news,” Grimdin whispered. “And…don’t speak.”
“Thanks man,” Steven whispered.
“What did you say?”
Steven chided on his teeth for the slip of his tongue. “Master dwarf,” he whispered. 
Grimdin smiled as if they were both teasing each other. “Now go,” he ordered and turned toward the crowd. He disappeared between them.
The bookman started his conversation with a smile. “You are not allowed to say a word, or wave, or move from your place unless you are told so. Be a nice girl and do what you are told. When the queen arrives, stand up and wait until after she sits. Smile and do not speak unless you are told,” He continued. “Please wait here and someone will assist you to your seat.” And he walked away and left Steven alone.
Now, the pressure of the situation weighed on his legs. It made him sweat, and a bit sick in the stomach. His bladder filled all of a sudden.
“Excuse me,” a guard called from behind Steven, shacking Steven a bit. 
Steven turned, smiled. 
“This way, please.” The guard waved a hand.
He led Steven to a seat at the last row. The edge of the stage was behind him. To his left were many girls. All sat with backs pressed straight, and faces humbled and yet confident. Steven did the same. His eyes searched for Grimdin in the audience, but to find a dwarf among the swarming crowd was a waste of time and energy. He rested his hands on his lap and examined the place. 
Many guards were at the front line of the crowd, and few of them were on the stage. The sound of their boots heavy on the wood as they assembled in their designated positions. Their spears reached above their shining silver helmets, and they bristled in their places like strong pillars. A moment later a loud trumpet blew and silenced the place. 
“The queen of Agragort!” said someone from somewhere.
Everyone on stage rose. Some girls tidied their dresses, while others freed their hair to let it wave behind them, all attempting to make the best first impression.
Steven stood with his hands behind his back. He watched as the gate behind the stage spread apart. Two guards came out, followed by the queen and two beautiful assistants. The guards preceded the queen and took posts beside the throne. The queen took the middle chair, and for a brief moment, the place remained quiet. 
Everyone’s attention was on the queen’s beautiful and seemingly expensive dress. Two attendants, in maroon regency gowns with high white waistlines, stood behind her, one at each shoulder. 
When the queen signaled with her hand, all the participating girls sat down, and the trumpeter began in a loud, gentle voice: “As you all know, on every third Tuesday, Her Majesty, Queen of Agragort, shall give a golden coin every week to the family of her chosen maidens in return for their lifetime service in Her Majesty’s palace.”
The applause came hard and the crowd cheered with joy as if they all would receive the weekly golden coin. “And today, our kind queen shall choose her new two maidens as she pleases.” The trumpeter stretched his arm, bowed, and stepped back.
Again the applause came, timed and clear as if the crowd had agreed to clap together.
“May all who shall wish to be the queen’s maiden rise,” the trumpeter said.
All the girls rose to their feet, straightened their backs, chins up, with smiles any man would fall for. Only one participant had a hand pressed down on his head: Steven. He felt his sides tickle as sweat raced down to his feet and burst into his boots. He carefully lowered his hand, stood stiffly, and bolstered himself with confidence like his competition.
The queen rose and started with the left side of the stage, examining each girl, while Steven prepared himself on the other side, clouded with frustration. How should I speak? Will she know me? What should I say? he kept asking himself. 
The inspection went on; the queen started with the last row of maidens on the other side, all the while followed by her two attendants. She stopped, raised her hand, and signaled to the trumpeter, who then cried, “The queen has chosen her first maiden!”
A short adolescent girl with blond hair that stretched almost her entire length. One of the queen’s assistants escorted her through the gate and into the castle. Steven peered across to glimpse the chosen maiden. Good, he was relieved, as he thought she was not as beautiful as the rest. I’ve got a good chance here. Chin up, Stevo, Chin up.
The queen came to his side of the stage. Her other attendant followed her like a shadow. She examined the first row: no one seemed good enough for her. Now she started on the second one: the queen did not seem pleased there either. She began with the last row, and Steven was the last contestant. He counted the number of girls separating the queen from himself.
Seven.
The queen passed by the first, skipped the second, ignored the third, and brushed past the fourth. 
Five…six…okay here she comes. Steven prepared himself, voicing the word Seven in his head and forcing a smile on his face, only to find the queen step back and examine the sixth girl again. She raised her hand, signaling her second maiden.
Steven’s smile was gone. No!
“The last maiden has been chosen!” the trumpeter shouted, and the queen’s attendant escorted the girl and they left for the castle.
Steven couldn’t believe his luck. He found Grimdin now. In the first row. His eyes were sorry for him, but Steven couldn’t accept it. He eyed the guards: they were all at their posts. 
But, everything else resumed: the queen returned to her throne, and the girls followed. She nodded to the trumpeter who cried loud: “Let the show begin!”
On these words, two flaming sticks swirled upward into the sky. They were thrown by someone in the middle of the crowd. The crowd panicked and spread apart, revealing a tall, slender man. The flaming sticks spun down and were caught by twins, who were as identical as two grains of sand, except for their height. Next to one of the twins was a small girl with fair skin and red hair. She wore a red gown with a dark blue belt, and she held in her hand a blond cushiony doll with dark, pearly eyes and a smiling mouth that had been drawn by red paint. The doll was dressed like the little girl, as if they were also twins. In the middle of them all was a tall slim man, dressed in the finest suit for the occasion. The resemblance of family was clear on the group.
It seemed as if they were performers commissioned by the queen herself. She sat amused, looking thrilled like a girl in a circus. This was her surprise, maybe, or the start of it. 
The crowd gave the performers their space, and watched with burning curiosity.
“To the kind queen of Agragort, and to the loyal guards of their kind king,” Said the slim man. “And to the chosen girls, and all the unlucky ones, and to all the beautiful ladies and the generous men, and to the short people and the taller ones, and to the fat folks and the slim ones, and those with wives and those with husbands and those with no one…why is that? I wonder!” he said, sending a vibe of excitement to the crowd like a charm. The performer kept moving his hands, pointing out each party as he addressed them. He took in a deep breath and cried to one of the twins behind him. “Bring the hat!”
The twin ran to a big sack and pulled out a hat, setting it next to the tall man. 
“Hat is brought!” the twin shouted.
The hat had a tight neck, and it wowed the crowd and the queen, for the hat’s crown was almost as tall as the man’s arm. It was wrinkled and squashed, and Steven could see it had lost the richness of the dark colors it once had.
“Bring the hammer!” the tall man cried again.
The other twin pulled a blunt hammer from the sack. Its big size made the crowd whisper, puzzled as to what was going to happen.
“Hammer is brought!” the other twin shouted.
“Squash the hat!” the tall man ordered.
With no hesitation, one of the twins held the hat down at its base, while the other one swung the blunt hammer and squashed the hat’s crown, making it almost flush with the ground. And just like that, the tall man picked up the hat and wore it. It fit as if his hair had been trimmed precisely to keep the hat from slipping. 
“Allow me to introduce to you the giant three and the little fourth!”
A tremendous applause came; followed by a roaring clamor that burst forth from the castle grounds like a thunderstorm. The show so far had mesmerized everyone. Even Grimdin was clapping hard, smiling at the tall people around him.
But Steven, he felt his chance had just arrived. He looked behind him: the stage’s edge was very close. He turned to his right and saw the castle’s gates were flung open. Almost all of the guards were on the stage, and the queen sat excitedly on her throne with her two attendants behind her now—they had come back from inside. As to the girls on stage and the crowd, they were all pulled toward the performers.
Steven quickly calculated his chances and arrived at a plan.

8.
Steven’s heartbeats drummed in his ears. He felt anyone could hear them, and that they would give him away. He had entered the castle, and now in a dimmed corridor where two exits glowed at both ends: one brought in the clamor of the performers and the mirth of their audience, the other held the unknown. 
It was too late now to judge if he had made the right decision or not. His way out was only to keep going ahead. The clamor of the crowd faded behind him. But Steven’s harried thoughts cried in his head as if someone mean whispered them in his ears: They will come at anytime, the voice said, making him sweat underneath the thick layers of his dress. Hurry, it pressed again.
The crowd grew silent for a while, and Steven was deep into the castle’s passage. His hand never left the rough bricks of the wall. The arched entrance ahead shone brighter as he neared it. He squinted, lifting the bottom of his dress up to ease his walk. There was a swishing sound of running water now. It sounded calm and in peace. 
Slowly, and on a careful foot, he craned his head for a brief sneak peek. There was no one beyond the entrance. There was just a fountain in a small garden. He stepped in through the bright portal and out of the corridor’s shadow. In front of him was a square garden surrounded by cloistered passages. The garden’s grass was patterned in squares like a chessboard, each square bordered with jasmines and trimmed differently. Dark stones shaped a small pathway, leading to a three-ring, tiered fountain with curved edges. Water sprang out from a golden hose at its top and splashed down through every ring to the pool below.
Throughout the length of the wall were entrances. All dark and without doors, all would lead to his doom except for the one where they took the chosen maidens—but how would he know which one?
Now what? He took another step ahead. “Which way is it?” he muttered, almost ready to collapse from panic. 
“Halt where you are!” 
Steven flinched at the sound of a man’s cry as if it was the bark of a wild dog. 
Run, run! he urged, but the weight of fear shook his legs underneath the puffy dress. He did not dare to move.
“Wait!” The man’s cry came along with metallic taps on the ground, hitting sharper, harder as they came closer behind Steven. “You!” commanded the angry voice.
What should I do? Steven thought. He had to respond. But how? His voice would end everything. He had to do something, something out of the ordinary, something he didn’t know. And without realizing it, he fixed his scarf, arranged the hair hanging over his forehead, and turned. Quietly.
The grimy face of guard wasn’t comforting. His loose helmet tilted with every step as if it meant for a person double his size. His mouth mumbled some words Steven couldn’t hear. He looked like a grumpy man speaking to himself. “Where are you going?” He frowned. He turned to his left and right, then back at Steven. He did not only seem angry, but even panicked for some strange reason, as if haunted by a ghost.
Steven’s eyes were fixed on the guard’s spear. He gave no answer and kept a smile on, trying to think of a plan. And without knowing why, Steven thought of his character: What would Mercutio do? Soften his voice? That would put him in graver trouble, Steven considered. It would send him right to his coffin, and the shine on the spear’s blade warned of a terrible fate.
“You are not supposed to enter the king’s private garden alone. Varbaz will skin me to death!” The guard fumed. “This is the king’s chamber. No one else is allowed in here except Her Majesty and the general. Do you understand?” He clapped the spear’s butt on the ground.
Steven paused; there was something subtle about what the guard said. Steven felt it. He shared a silent moment with the guard, but then, an idea dawned on him. That’s it! Steven blinked. He curled down his lips and eyebrows, squinted, opened his mouth to offer a moaning cry.
“No!” the guard jumped. “Don’t cry!” He waved his free hand. “Please don’t cry!” He looked at each side. “Varbaz will come and really kill us. Don’t…”
But there was more to Steven’s plan. He touched his forehead with the back of his hand, shut his eyes, and in a gentle turn, he leaned backward at the guard, executing a fainting act.
“Oh dear!” the guard gave a faint shout, followed by a metallic clank that burst in the place. As the metallic ring diminished, the guard’s hands gripped Steven’s shoulders; keeping him from falling. He shook Steven hard. “Miss.” He sounded panicked. “What a curse, what a day!” Steven could hear the guard whisper those words to himself. But Steven kept his eyes shut. His heartbeat raced. He feared the guard would feel them too.
“Oh, no.” The guard’s words breathed on Steven face. They did not smell good. “Wake up, please.” His plea came again, and Steven wanted him to shut his mouth. 
The guard slid his hand to hold Steven from the back of his neck, and used the other to shake Steven. But Steven maintained his ruse as if his life depended on it. Finally, the guard huffed. “What to do, now?” he spoke in a worried tone.
So just to get a glimpse at the situation, Steven opened his eyes just a little; spying in the hazy sight between his eyelids at the guard: he was turning his head right and left. 
Now, even though his heart beat hard, Steven’s act seemed to be working well. His thought did not rest, though. He maintained his act for a bit longer; waiting for the right moment. He saw the guard look down at him. Then, slowly, the guard leaned his head low, almost touching Steven’s chest, as if wanting to listen or feel Steven’s heart. And before the guard’s ears were on Steven’s fake breasts, Steven gasped, and cracked his eyes open. Startled.
The guard pulled his head back, a glazed look on his face. “Are you well, miss?” he said, concerned.
Steven nodded, acted as if he was unaware of what had happened. 
The man seemed relieved now, as if being saved.
Steven stood up at once and looked around. The guard let out a deep breath. He picked up his spear and stood straight. “These housekeepers,” he muttered. “Why have they let you come in alone in the first place?” he grumbled. “You are one of the chosen maidens, aren’t you?” 
And that was Steven’s escape ticket. He nodded many times to that question with a sorry look on his face, and happiness in his heart.
“Very well. Quickly now, go that way.” The guard pointed at the corridor next to them. “You see that?”
Steven gestured. What, where? He let his questioning face inquire instead of his voice.
The guard pointed with a jerk of his arm. “There,” he pressed.
At a corner shrouded by darkness, there was another passageway. Steven nodded.
“From there keep going straight until you reach the end. The ladies’ chamber will be at the other side of the gate. In a tall tower. Just follow the white steps behind the gate and you will be there. It’s easy. Now go … go quickly before we both meet our deaths. Go!” the man begged. 
With no hesitation, Steven picked up his dress with one hand and pressed the other down on his scarf. He smiled his thanks and went in that direction, taking the guard’s final warning with absolute seriousness.
He began his approach with careful steps, but when a door appeared with no one beside it, he sprinted, letting his hair sway behind him. The iron gate was unlocked, and Steven stepped out into the daylight, where to his amazement, to his absolute surprise, he was in a forest; the same exact forest of Amberhill. At least, they all felt identical. As if the air of Amberhill flowed here. As if the soil and the ground was of his hometown. The elm trees and the oak ones, the bushes and the jasmine. They were all there. 
This is weird, he thought. He caught a white stone pathway disappearing behind the trees as it bent through the woods. This must lead to the ladies’ chamber… I hope it does.
The place seemed alone. With no guards around, so far. The only sound was of nature speaking through its inhabitants. And Steven prowled along the stone path with care. 
She will know me, I’m sure, he thought, then stopped and looked down. But not in this dress. Now that the stressful moments were gone, Steven could feel part of his hair numb from the many clips holding the wig tightly to his hair.
He crept into the woods between the bushes while keeping the path within his sight. He made note of the trees around him to avoid getting lost and began unbuttoning the dress. 
He thought he heard something then. Some kind of a rustle and faint splashing. The sound came again and again Steven followed it, and from behind a bush he came to a great number of gazelles, some eating from a cherry bush and others drinking from a small lake, while a lot of them just roamed around.
His presence didn’t seem to be noticed. He had never seen such a large gathering of gazelles before. They reminded him of the gazelles he found in the farms of Agragort. But he left them to their business and attended his.
The scarf was first to fall on the ground. He reached his arm back; fumbling to untie the dress until finally the dress upper part opened into halves and dropped. The sweat made the passing breeze cool on his skin. It was a refreshing sensation, a great stress-reliever. He looked around once more: the place was still free of guards. He pulled the wrap from around his chest and the two flour sacks fell with a dull thud onto the dirt. And after the easy stuff came the worst: the wig. He almost cried in pain as he yanked a few strands of his own hair with a clip. Some tears stuck in his eyes.
But a gazelle hopped in front of him, and made Steven yank a clip hard. “Crap!” he said. Gladly, it was something other than a human, though. “Damn. You scared me.” He rubbed his hair from the pain. “No one needs to know, be quiet.” He put his index finger over his lips, and stretching a smile on his face, as if a gazelle could speak. He looked around him one more time, then continued taking off the clips while the gazelle watched. 
“Is everything in place?” a feminine voice said.
Instantly Steven ducked his head and turned around, yanking another clip with a silent cry. 
The voice came from across the way, frightening Steven and causing the gazelle to hop away.
“Yes, your Majesty,” said two ladies at once.
Steven lifted his head just a little; peeking up from above the bush. He saw the queen and the two attendants following her. He hunched behind the bushes; and crept through like a hunter behind his prey, until they came to a tall cylindrical tower, trimmed with green shrubs and white jasmine flowers. The queen stopped at the tower’s door. It was crowned and bordered with thick jasmine shrubs. She faced her two attendants now.
“I shall not be disturbed for any reason. Go and take care of the gazelles and wait for me in the castle until my return.” She sounded both strict and gentle in her order.
“Yes, my queen,” said the two attendants together at once, and bowed their heads.
Steven tucked himself behind the bush and saw the attendants depart. After the sound of a door being shut, and footsteps becoming distant, he hurried to the closest tree next to the tower. He pressed his back against the tree and checked the other side: Along the tower’s wall were three open casements with orange sashes and a jasmine crown planted on top of each one. He weighed his options: Should I go meet her now? he thought. 
He peered in again as he was considering his options. A strange feeling held him back from knocking on the front door. Something wasn’t right. He couldn’t know what it was exactly, and that made him both curious and cautious. He sneaked to the closest casement, and ducked his head there. After a few moments passed with no sound, he lifted his head slowly to peek inside: it was a small room. Empty. 
His next stop was the second casement, and he crept to it, peeked again, and it was empty too. That one, then, he thought and prowled forward.
Careful to maintain his silence, he raised his head to the casement-sill. Here you are!
The two maidens sat next to each other in a parlor, their backs toward him. They said no words, and sat quiet and disciplined. From their left side came a sound of things being shuffled. And that got the two maidens looking at each other, and then, they stood up, looking ready.
She must be coming, then, Steven thought.
The shuffling sound stopped and approaching steps could be heard. Both maidens straightened their backs and smoothed their dresses. The moment the footsteps sounded closer, Steven tucked himself under the casement-sill and listened like a spy.
“Your Highness,” the well-behaved maidens said together.
“Please sit down,” the queen said, and her steps became distant as if she was going into another room.
“Oh, we shall not dare to do so, my queen,” one of the maidens said.
“Would you care for tea?” the queen asked from wherever she’d gone.
“Certainly not,” both maidens answered. 
The taps of footsteps approaching came with a clattering sound. “Tea shall be the best for you, and I must drink it with my maidens on our first day. It’s my custom,” she said kindly, but the anxious reply of one of the maidens felt as if it came with begging. 
“By anything you hold dear, my queen, we shall not dare to.” 
“You have been well brought up.” The queen said. “But you will be assisting me all your lives; there is no rush, my dear girls. Now let us leave that old custom behind us today and talk like friends.”
Something about that conversation was not new to Steven’s ears, though. It was not a coincidence. Steven had heard it before, said in the exact same fashion. The moment reminded him of his day at the cottage. That tea…no way. Could all this be? he pondered, startled with chills running through his spine. She lured me, he thought, and she will do the same to them now. Steven’s hands shook from uncontrollable anger. But…why? Why? Why did she say that I must find her? What does she want? He grasped the tower’s bricks, barely keeping himself from bursting and destroying the hard and risky work he’d gone through to get to this point.
“Please, my queen, let me carry this,” one of the maidens said.
The tray was set down, then gurgling liquid spluttered into three cups. The smell of peppermint soon wafted out through the window like a fragrance of happiness.
Don’t drink it! Steven cried within.
“My queen,” a maiden said.
“Go on, my dears, drink with me,” the queen said.
No! Don’t! It’s a trap!
Steven’s heart bounced in his beating chest. Should he plunge in and interrupt the queen’s malicious work? How could he prove his claims, and how would he survive the many guards who would swarm the place? It would only lead him to a definite death. 
“Do you like my tea?” the queen asked.
“Certainly, your Majesty,” answered both maidens together.
“What are your names?”
“I am Rosa,” answered one.
“And I am Aurora,” replied the other.
“Lovely names, my dears. Why did you choose to be my maidens? You do know you will live here for a very long time and you shall not return to your homes and your families and friends. Why do you wish for such a life?” the queen asked, but no answer came right away.
What do you want from us? Steven broiled from the inside. 
Finally one of the girls answered. “The future I have with my family is not bright, my queen,” she said. “And very few men of Agragort find me to be for them. My family needs the money and I need to have a good life for myself, and you are a kind queen—we all know that—and it’s an honor to serve you.” Her answer sounded honest and filled with sorrow, and it sounded like it had touched all of those who heard it. 
“What about you?” the queen said.
“Me, my queen?” the other maiden said. “I do not look for the love of my life. I have lost dear friends because of my stubbornness. They couldn’t stand my company anymore. My opinions were harsh and mean, but now I cannot stand the isolation. I have learned the lesson. I have forced them to abandon me, and I blame myself for that. I know I have made mistakes and I know I have changed, but my image in their minds has not. What more must I say … I am tired … my queen … I am tired from this. I do not want to plead for forgiveness.” The girl spoke with a raspy voice. “I believe I will find a better me with you, and I deserve to be a better person, not just what everyone keeps remembering. There is more in me. So I will serve you until I die.”
“Oh, my dear girls,” the queen said, seeming to feel their grief. 
Then a chair screeched, and the queen spoke again: “Do you care for another cup of tea, Rosa? And you, Aurora?”
But the reply that came had nothing to do with the queen’s question, for one of the maidens said, “I’m glad you have chosen us over all those pretty girls.” 
“My dear Rosa … my two birds,” the queen said with a loving voice. “You are as pretty as the moon in the night, you shall get all the love of the world, and it shall never be taken away from you, my dears—it shall never,” she promised. 
You witch! Steven scowled in a hissing silence that got lost in the sound of their talk. But then, their conversation was over, and Steven heard footsteps.
“Come, my dear ones, come with me,” the queen called from a more distant place. Steven knew the two maidens obeyed her as he heard more footsteps mingling together. They were clear at first, and then they grew distant.
“What do you wish for your lives?” the queen asked as Steven raised his head a little, trying to hear the conversation.
“I wish I was loved more,” said one.
“I wish I was pretty and I wish my family would live a wonderful life,” said the other.
“My dear ones, I will make all your wishes come true,” the queen said in a soothing voice, and soon their conversation became too hard to follow.
Why are you doing all this? Steven sneered as her collusive plans made no sense in his mind. I must know everything. He growled in silence. He couldn’t sit idly while the queen practiced her pernicious act. And he summoned his courage and pushed himself up to peek inside as the sound of their departing steps grew distant. 
When a soft whiff of wind came, along with a creaking sound of a door opening or closing, Steven stood up, his hands trembled, and he didn’t know if they did from fear or rage, but he didn’t decide to walk away. He knew the queen was leading them to something, and if she caught him, who knew what evil power she would release on him? Nevertheless, he wanted to know. He had to know. It was his only way out. Thus he planted his hands on the windowsill, lifted himself up, and stepped into the parlor like a thief.

9.
The next room was empty. There was an opened door that brought in echoes of footsteps. Steven slid through the opening, and crept ahead, until a spiral staircase, reaching upward, appeared.
“You both have lovely long hair,” the queen’s voice echoed down the staircase. Steven looked up through the wind. He could see fair hands as if hopping on the handrail.
“Thank you, Your Majesty,” replied the maidens.
“It’s clean and straight, shiny and beautiful,” the queen said, but the maidens didn’t reply. Their footsteps faded away then, and Steven remained in his place, wondering how he would now camouflage the sound of his own footsteps with theirs, but that’s when a door creaked and slammed shut.
Shit!
Steven hurried up. He came to a hallway that ended with an arched window and a pile of brown sacks next to it. On the left side of the hall, he noticed a dark green door with a golden knob in its center. He sneaked toward it. That must be the place, he thought. He pressed his ear against it, listening to his own heart beating like a drum. It even made it harder for him to hear anything.
As he pushed his ear tighter against the door, he recalled his visit at the cottage—and the door … and the doorknob … and the keyhole. Then it struck him as he remembered her voice: “It is you who wanted to come in. Remember that when you want to visit me again.”
That must be the reason that got the cottage door to open: his desire to enter when he peeked through keyhole. It sounded hard to believe, but after all the illogical things that had happened so far, an assumption as this one might be right. Steven had a strong feeling about it. Everything that he thought of told him so. 
You know what, you witch, you hag, I don’t want to go in this time, I don’t want to visit you, or meet you or talk to you…not now, not now, Steven decided in his heart. He swallowed that sunken fear and rose slowly to the light seeping out of the keyhole. As he squinted an eye, a small octagonal room appeared behind the light. It had two long arched windows, separated by a dark oak cabinet with two doors and golden knobs and a lock. In front of it, on the ground, sat a round, black-marble stone. And while a glow of smoldering coil shone from a hole in its top, white smoke rose, and became illuminated under the straying light like wind moving a white satin curtain.
The maidens sat on a backless sofa mounted against the left window, but the queen was out of Steven’s sight. As he noted everything he saw, he heard a jingling sound coming from the left side of the room, and when the sound ended, the queen spoke.
“I shall take you to a place where all is nice and sweet, where life is great and honest, where everything is wonderful and pure,” she said to the maidens who sat still, gazing into the smoke as if lost in a different world.
A place…no way, does she mean, Amberhill?
The queen walked into Steven’s line of sight, holding a ring of keys. She came to the cabinet in the middle of the room and unlocked it with a brass key. Seven shelves appeared. On each shelf sat many velvet pouches, all lined up next to each other. Each shelf had different colors of pouches: black, red, green, blue, purple, turquoise, and brown. From the middle shelf the queen picked a dark green pouch and turned, facing the door.
A chill ran from Steven’s neck to his back. Don’t move, he warned himself, although he was certain he had not been noticed. 
The queen took a handful of something from the pouch, raised her clenched hand over the smoldering fire, and opened her fingers. A dusty substance floated down and sizzled as it touched the coil. Then a swish came, hissing faintly before a sudden spark jolted out and puffed into a sleek white plume. It writhed upward to her hands, spread apart, and became a translucent curtain, flickering under white flames.
Soon the flames settled and the smoke thickened, and took the shape of a mushroom of fog, blobbing inward. The smoke spread apart, changed from white to dark green, and waved like a velvet cloak flagging under a red burning coal. It floated higher, shrouding the queen, and in a strange, unbelievable way, it turned into a solid, dark, arched mass that a few seconds later materialized into a doorway with two doors and three steps reaching to the ground. 
No way! Steven gaped. His eyes widened at what he saw.
The doors opened inward, revealing a deep, dark sea of clouds, moving from within like dark mist stuck in the night.
Steven gazed at the sight, for there were no words in his mind that could justify what he saw—except magic. This must be it… my way back home! Steven felt certain of it.
Ding-ding-ding. A loud bell rang three times from inside the magical door, then a moment later, two beautiful adolescent girls emerged from within the dark mist and walked down the three steps. Their eyes glazed over, as if under a spell. Steven caught his breath, for the faces of the fair and beautiful girls were exactly the same as the queen’s attendants who had been sent to feed the gazelles.
At their appearance, the queen emerged from behind the magical door and stood to the side, watching without uttering a word. One of the two attendants walked to the chosen maidens while the other waited beside the queen. The chosen maidens rose to their feet and gave their hands to the attendant as if they had been told under a silent command, hypnotized by some strange force. One of the attendants grabbed the girls’ hands and escorted them through the magical doorway, and into the dark, billowing mist. Soon, they all disappeared, leaving the queen and the other attendant alone.
It that moment, just when Steven’s luck seemed secure, a loud fluttering noise burst forth in the hallway. 
Steven’s nervous system flared. He cringed, then crawled back a bit, keeping a careful watch on the door. 
“Damn!” he said underneath his breath as now there were footsteps moving behind the door. He turned to his right, saw a pile of burlap sacks: his hideout, his escape…his only chance. And he plunged himself into it and curled up to conceal himself the best way he could.
In that humiliating and terrifying state, he recalled the staircase that would have led him back down out of the tower. What a terrible move he’d taken. Too late, though, for the door opened with a creak, and through the sacks, Steven saw two green shoes walk out of the room toward him. 
No, please! he shouted inside his mind, terror nearly consuming him. 
The shoes stopped next to the pile of sacks. “It is you again, my little friend.” Said the queen.
The fluttering noise slowed, then stopped.
“Here, this is for you. Now fly to your nest, to your loving mother. Fly with your sweet little feathers.”
A bird?
The fluttering started again, then faded away. The queen turned and went back into the room, but Steven noted that he didn’t hear the door shut behind her. And that became another major problem. He waited for the right moment. He hadn’t realized he’d been holding his breath in for so long.
He remained hiding amid the sacks like some rat. Just leave, he urged himself, trying to stoke his courage from underneath the harsh woolen sacks. 
As he was deciding, Steven heard footsteps approaching again, but this time, a white dress emerged in his view. It came closer and closer, moving directly toward him. The sudden appearance of that person caused an uncontrollable panic to rise in Steven’s chest. And when the person stopped in front of Steven and leaned down; reaching closer to his hideout, casting its shadow and blocking the light, that’s when Steven felt his heart would really stop.
AAAH! his silent shriek cried in his head. The breathless moment seemed endless as the sack that concealed Steven’s face was being lifted now. 
Frozen from all kinds of fear, Steven didn’t move a muscle. His eyes met a girl’s: the queen’s attendant who had not returned through the magical door. She was young, fair, with sad, helpless eyes that had the sorrow of a mother who had lost a child.
The young lady picked up the sack and left without noticing Steven, as if he was invisible. She went into the room, and the door shut behind her slowly with a soft thud. Steven crawled out of his hiding place, gasping for breath. He had escaped the threat of death twice in the same day. He crawled back to the door, lowered himself on trembling knees, and pressed his eye against the keyhole with immense care. 
Now, the room was empty. The magical doorway had dissolved into a dark green cloud. It withered into a thin white line of smoke, and then disappeared under the smoldering coil with a faint swish that Steven could hear from behind the door.
At once Steven stood up, and dashed down the hallway to the stairs, racing back to the ground level. He slid through the door, sneaked out of the room, and went straight back to the parlor. The casement was still open, so he peered out and looked outside for any sign of trouble. 
There was no one. 
He jumped out, puffing in relief as he crouched beneath the casement sill.
This must be how she get from Amberhill to here… It must be it! Steven stared at the forest ahead, not believing how things had turned. What does she want from us? What’s she planning to do to Amberhill? he thought, trying hard to understand the queen’s malicious plot, but there was no answer to that growing, frightening feeling. It was as if Steven had peeked on Fate plotting a dreaded future for his people and himself, leaving him with one conclusion: “Amberhill is in danger!”
“That evil witch. My family … my friends … everyone.” Steven stabbed at the ground with his fist. “If only I can reach Amberhill in time and do something. I will need Grimdin with me on this. His father might be in trouble too. Damn her!”
But being alone, and against that witch, Steven would never win. He needed Grimdin along with him. He had to get out of this place and seek the dwarf’s help. But the only way out was along the white path, and then to the castle. Getting out that way would mean donning his Clarice costume—which he would need to find first—and returning back to the city through the castle. That would be a suicidal mission.
So Steven sneaked toward his only hope for escape: through the woods. But then again, If I leave now, how will I ever be able to return without being noticed by anyone? he thought, stumped.
Suddenly, he perceived a shaking bush not far ahead. It rustled as he approached it as slowly as he could. He cocked his head to glimpse what lay behind, and a gazelle hopped over it and stood beside him. Steven jerked backward. “You again.”
The gazelle backed up a few steps, then turned and hopped back behind the same bush. For a moment Steven couldn’t figure out what the gazelle was doing, but then… Could she be? He considered this and went behind the bush. The moment his eyes met the gazelle, it hopped away.
“Hey!” Steven hissed. She is helping me! 
When Steven caught up with it, a wall lined with shrubs appeared.
“You sure had me run,” he said. He rubbed his hands together, elated at the sight of the wall. “I get it,” he said, hands on his hips. “But climbing this thing here—” He waved at the shrubs and roots around the wall, conversing with the gazelle as if it understood him, “is worse than climbing our school’s wall. A fall would kill me.”
But after considering his options, climbing such a wall seemed far better than running into the castle’s guards. 
“Fine.” He breathed while the gazelle just looked at him plainly. Steven nodded, signaling his readiness. He knelt down next to the gazelle, smiling his thanks, and as he did, the gazelle stepped aside, and revealed to Steven a small tunnel, dug underneath the wall, the perfect size perhaps for a gazelle to slip through quite easily.
“Wooooh!” 
A smile grew on Steven’s baffled face. Immediately he lay on the ground and tried to look through the tunnel. The other end was not visible, but he could pass through just fine. 
“Perfect.” He sat on his knees and clapped the dust off his hands. “So that’s how you little things sneak out.” He gave a sly smile. “Don’t worry, this will be our little secret,” he whispered, winking to confirm his promise.
“Thank you, thank you very much. Well, I’ve got to go now. Good-bye, beautiful.” Steven rubbed a hand gently over the striped fur. Then he lay down on the grass, facing the sky. “Bye-bye,” he said, and reached into the tunnel and pulled himself into it, pushing himself through with his legs. He scurried along like this until he was out from under the wall, standing in a vast forest. 

10.
The sun had slid toward the west. Its warmth cooled by the breeze of the coming night. Steven wandered through the woods, noting the way back to the tower. He eventually came to a pathway and walked it until parts of Agragort appeared between the last line of the trees. 
Out into the light, Agragort lay behind rolling hills, with a big setting sun touching down on the river’s end, and washing the city with its blushed rays. The river mirrored the sky as if it was a silver ribbon of peach and pink, strapped around the city from an endless east to an endless west. A few old women washed their clothes in the water, while children splashed water at each other, all whooping with mirth.
Steven stared at the city, which struck him as sleepily oblivious—much different than the world in the tower. Here his presence didn’t seem suspicious to anyone, and he acted as if he had just come from a stroll. Down the hill he hiked and passed through the shallow river. He reached the city, and asked for directions to Crunchdough restaurant, as he knew how to reach the inn from there. Many incorrect turns wasted his time, but by some wanderer’s luck, he finally came to Hillsquare: the location of both Crunchdough and Grimdin’s inn.
He hurried past Crunchdough, heading to the inn, but something made him stop. It was something he heard. He turned and looked around, not sure if he was hearing his name being called. And there was it, his name called again in a loud husky voice, rumbling above the buzz of the busy market.
“Steven … Steven!”
At Crunchdough’s porch, a short, rounded fellow, jumped up and down, both hands crossing each other and then parting again. The dwarf smiled with both his lips and eyes.
“There you are,” Steven waved back.
The restaurant, as before, was busy with hungry people, and Grimdin was the only person with a teapot on his table. “Praise the dwarves, you are alive, dear friend! I thought you had been taken away,” Grimdin patted Steven. “Welcome back, my good friend. It is a great joy to have you back and safe.” He was excited. He called the waiter for another cup, and went on: “I knew you could not leave such a remarkable place and such delicious food … and a wonderful dwarf like myself who tells great tales and knows great deals of things.” Grimdin laughed at his own humor and poured tea into his cup then offered it to Steven. “Have some, please,” he said.
Seeing Grimdin like this raised Steven’s spirits. It was refreshing. His genuine enthusiasm was contagious. The tea, between his hands, wreathed a tangled scent that enamored him. He had a sip, and he didn’t know how much he longed for it until now. He took another one, enjoying how soothing it was.
“I searched for you when the show ended, but dear me, I couldn’t find you,” Grimdin started.
Steven smiled. He did not comment.
The waiter brought another cup. 
“Thank you, sir,” Grimdin said, and filled the new cup with tea for himself. “Speak, my friend, did you find her? Did you talk to her? Do you know your way back to your home? Do tell.” He got his cup to his lips, eager eyes fixed on Steven.
Steven nodded. “I found her.” 
And Grimdin’s eyes became wide open now.
“But if you want the truth, you need to believe everything I say; I mean it. Everything Grimdin. Every single bit. And not only that, you have to help me, too. That is my condition.” Steven made himself clear.
“And how do you propose I have to help you now…become your son, maybe?” Grimdin mocked.
Steven held his laugh. “I don’t know. This time, I’m stuck. I’ll leave it to you to decide.”
“I sense this small journey have changed you. Perhaps I would help you this time,” he hedged, and studied Steven, keeping his mouth open as if he was about to say something. He then continued, “I’ll do my best. I promise, so speak now. You’ve got my full attention,” Grimdin said, serious and attentive.
In a low, intense voice, Steven gave Grimdin a detailed account of everything that had happened: from the maidens’ conversation with the queen until the moment he’d almost lost his life because of the flutter of a bird.
“The way to Amberhill is through that door.” Steven tapped his index faintly on the table, eyeing the table to his sides lest someone was overhearing him. “I am certain. This is real … I just know it.” He frowned and spoke behind bared teeth. “Amberhill and my family are in danger.”
“Amberhill?” Grimdin said. “Are you certain?”
“Well, how would you then suggest that she brought me here, hmm? It must be through that door…” he waved his hand. “It’s a tunnel, or some kind of a portal…well, uh, whatever it is, it must be my way back.”
Grimdin stroked his beard, brows curled in amazement. “Hmm … What a strange case this is,” He sounded concerned. “So is it true that what you say is real, or are you making this up to get my beard in more trouble?”
“Real!” Steven said, his voice got some attention. “Real,” he whispered now, “This is the truth, I’m telling you. I saw all this with my own eyes. There could be a great chance that your father is either stuck or in trouble because of that.”
“That could be. Such magical work could only be done by dark sorcery,” Grimdin said, engrossed in the cup ahead of him. “Lad.” He shifted his gaze to Steven. “If this is right, then the Three Lands are in grave risk and so is Agragort. Not only your Amberhill. My father could be involved too.”
It was amazing how in saying the truth things got solved much easier than with a lie, at least the pressure definitely died. Now Steven had gained Grimdin’s support, however, they both sat with no clue how to act, stumped in this predicament.
Silence lingered for a while, as both of them considered many thoughts over. It looked like Grimdin was brooding something, passing his hand along his beard and gazing away into the market. His eyes alive with curiosity. This time, Steven refilled the cups. He wondered what was he thinking.
“Shouldn’t we inform the king?” Steven suggested. “He can help us,” he threw his ideas to build up a plan.
“Nonsense.” Grimdin frowned, and Steven blushed. “It happened within the walls of his castle, so he must be part of it.” He slammed the table with the heel of his palm. Steven was surprised of Grimdin’s sudden mood swing. But the dwarf calmed down and then added, “Besides, what would you tell him? That you sneaked into his castle, dressed like a girl? That his wife is a witch? Do you think he will let you walk out with your head on your shoulders?” Grimdin snuffed. He crossed his hands over his beard, and returned to his silence.
He’s right. 
“Such a mysterious thing cannot be left untold, though,” Grimdin said. “Yet this is not the right time to speak of it with anyone. We leave when the night ends,” Grimdin said, then took a sip of his tea.
In Grimdin’s eyes Steven saw a hunger for war that he’d only read about in stories back in Amberhill, as if there was something he did not know, something that mad Grimdin yarn to prove his place in his world. Steven didn’t know if that should be good or bad, but he kept his concerns to himself. 
“Tell me, Steven,” Grimdin said. “ How did you get into the castle?” 
“Well …” Steven raised a brow. “That act, or the queen’s surprise, was a godsend, I tell you that. Everyone’s attention was drawn to it, the guards, the queen, everyone … and so …” He opened his arms wide and disclosed his secret with a smirk. “I jumped off the stage.”
“Dear me!”
“Yes,” Steven said causally. “Then, I sneaked in. And there—” he smiled, “I was caught by one of the guards.”
Now, Grimdin was gripped. “You fought?”
“What, me fight, no no…” Steven waved the idea away. “That’s not what I do when I’m stuck…well, honestly, I didn’t know what to do. Somehow I thought what would Mercutio do. You know, the character whom I play in the graduation show. The one I told you about!” 
Grimdin nodded, but Steven wasn’t convinced that the dwarf remembered. “Anyways, what I did was, I feigned unconsciousness.”
Grimdin flinched. “What?” He seemed like he couldn’t imagine what Steven was saying.
Steven paused. Then he shut his eyes and let his head lean against the chair’s back, executing a similar feigning act. After a few seconds, he cracked his eyes open with extreme care; just little to peer through. He couldn’t miss the expression on Grimdin’s face, which was priceless even behind Steven’s blurry sight: the dwarf had craned across, beard brushing against the table and between the cups, as he motioned his startled eyes, gaping and searching for any sign of movement.
“Close your mouth, Grimdin,” Steven said. “I can smell your tea-breath from here.” Steven voiced his words out from a dead-looking face. 
Grimdin leaned back. He slammed a fist on the table. “Ha!” he laughed, his face to the ceiling. “Ha, Ha.”
Steven straightened his back. Pulled his shirt down, and then winked to Grimdin, whose beard giggled from laughter.
“You’re not an easy lad, Steven of Amberhill,” Grimdin said.
“I know,” Steven bragged. 
And they both laughed one more time. 
“Well, I have done this many times. I do it with my sister. With my mother, father. I even did it on our teachers. And with practice, anyone becomes better. I actually did it to get a girl to laugh, but it’s become a habit now,” Steven said. He felt surprised that he had shared that part. He had never spoken of this to anyone. Not even Peter. This tea was a problem. It made him spill out things he shouldn’t. 
Grimdin seemed amused. He was about to comment on it, but Steven dodged the embarrassment and went on without stopping. “Anyways, the important thing is this: my theory: psychologically…” Steven waved his hand fast, and then he rephrased his words. “I mean, mentally: like what happens in the mind, when you are in such a tight situation and everyone is so serious that you might get even killed. I observed that faking things could really work. No one would think you are fooling around, not in that serious situation, and if you can maintain it, you could win some good time until you figure things out and get away. I’ve tested it many times. It works! Just like our Clarice trick. It was risky, somehow a silly idea, and yet no one noticed. It worked perfectly. Who would ever think that a man would do such a thing, right?” Steven said. “Exactly why it worked.”
But it felt as if there was something else going on Grimdin’s mind. He leaned in, and said: “Steven?” 
“Yes.”
“Be honest with me,” Grimdin said. “Tell me now: was her name Clarice?” Grimdin smile sat on his lips as if he knew the answer.
Warmth surrounded Steven’s neck. “Who? What?” Steven tried to keep a straight safe. “Don’t change the subject, Grimdin.”
“A man has a heart, so why be so closed about it?” Grimdin responded at once. “Tell me, does she fill that empty space in your heart? Does she sing the same music of your mind?”
It was as if time had stopped for Steven. He sat sweating, filled with mysterious love, as if those questions were the key to unlock his heart. His mind stopped answering. He could only see how Grimdin’s curious eyes were looking right through his heart. “I don’t know,” he responded.
“Tell me about her.”
Steven scratched his neck. What had gotten into Grimdin? And what had just happened to him? He froze. He felt as if he wanted to escape the answer and yet explore it. “Well, umm.” Steven glanced to the sky. The countenance of Clarice’s face appeared in his mind’s eye, bit by bit. “She has a nice smile. Her eyes are dark and deep, and she has a short brown hair that reaches just below her ears. Something not all girls have. She wears that scent…I can’t describe it. But it is so her. She likes our literature classes and she always makes solid comments about the story plots.” Steven smiled at a memory of them engaged in hot debate on one of Sherlock Holmes’s stories. Those were good times. She was hard to convince. 
Somehow, sharing these details felt liberating. Steven shrugged, pressing his lips together.
Grimdin leaned forward and spoke in a whisper: “I am certain you have impressed her,” he winked. “But be assured that the moment you tell her how hideous your Clarice version was, she might be disappointed.” Grimdin nodded to himself. 
Steven laughed. He rubbed his hair. “I won’t.”
“Very well then,” Grimdin said. “I am not going to linger on this subject, for your face has turned redder than a tomato. You are an unpredictable lad and that is something I commend you on. Now, I would have fought that guard and got him on his knees,” Grimdin said. “But after what you said, and what I saw from you, I can’t disagree. People have a strange way to solve their troubles, indeed.”
Steven nodded to himself. “Exactly. Never underestimate the possibilities. And that’s what happened; that’s my story.”
“What an adventure,” Grimdin said. “Though my friend, I doubt a dress will gain us entrance to the castle this time. Besides, I’m not shaving my beard.”
“Don’t worry, don’t worry.” 
“Why do men always repeat themselves?”
Steven laughed. “Well, you can keep your beard because I know a better way into the castle.” A smile stretched from ear to ear on Steven’s face as he pushed himself closer to the dwarf and whispered, “There is a secret way in.”
Grimdin’s eyes widened as he heard the words. He whispered back, “Then keep it secret until the break of dawn. Secrets have a way to them: they let themselves be known once they escape their dwellings.”
What …? Steven was confused: he was excited to brag about his new way into the castle. That was a great disappointment, but Grimdin didn’t want to hear it—not yet, at least. 
The dwarf raised his hand and called, “We are leaving, kind man of the restaurant, so bring me how much I owe you.” Then he hissed to Steven, in a tone that was both serious and thrilled, “Let us wake up early tomorrow.”
Steven nodded and said nothing.

11.
At the break of dawn, Steven and Grimdin were reaching the forest. The glowing arc of the sun emerged from behind the city, tossing light ahead of them and warming the brisk air of the departing night. 
While Steven remained with his same outfit, since he had no other choice—finding it now inconvenient to be in it, Grimdin on the other hand was geared for war. His once empty belt boasted two small axes with sharp, horned tops, one on each side. Across his chest, a tightly fastened strap held the leather sheath of a big double-edged axe on his back. His hair seemed less shaggy and hung in a more presentable ponytail, fastened with a ring. His beard had two golden rings at the bottom. He wore a steel herringbone sweater on his green shirt, and it shined a little as if it was sewn with steel threads. The dark woolen trousers he wore looked comfortable and light. And Instead of the light boots of yesterday, today Grimdin had darker ones.
For more than once, Steven had offered to share Grimdin’s load, but the dwarf had a head of rock. “No thank you,” was his answer. And so, they snuck into the woods until the tunnel appeared. By then, the sunbeams had torn through the leaves and gave warmth to the ground and the place around them.
“Here we are.” Steven stood next to the hole at the feet of castle’s wall. But now, measuring Grimdin’s rounded body with his eyes, he realized, He wouldn’t fit.
Grimdin clapped the dirt of his hand after he had inspected the tunnel. He looked confident and started unfastening his belongings. “I shall be fine. You lead ahead,” he said.
Steven did not utter a word. He did as he was told, and left all his comments in his head. He crawled through the tunnel and reached the other side. The castle’s garden—or forest, was clear of guards. 
“Grimdin,” Steven hissed. “Come.”
The dwarf sent his pack through first, followed his big axe, which Steven pulled out with both hands. Now came the two small axes, and then Grimdin’s belt of pouches. Once the gear was at Steven’s side, Steven heard grunting, huffing, and more grunting. 
He peeked and found thick russet hair reaching him with a struggle. It was hard for Steven to know whether he should lend a hand, or stand by and watch. But there was a laugh in his mouth and he kept it there. There was no telling how would the dwarf take it. He pitied Grimdin. Best not to get the dwarf upset. 
Soon Grimdin’s hands came out, gripping to the wall’s edge. He pushed. His head was out with a face wrinkled, squeezed, lips down and brows crossed. His stomach got stuck for real. He puffed and puffed. His nose and ears were red like cherry. And that’s when Steven couldn’t resist. He pulled Grimdin’s hands and grunted along until Steven fell back on the grass and Grimdin was inside, like some frog pulled out of a bottleneck.
“Thank you,” Grimdin said, dusting dirt off of his back. He picked up his gear and pack, sheathed his big axe with ease, and said: “Let’s move on.”
Steven nodded. 
They prowled forward. They could only hear the wind rustling the leaves, and the tweets of the birds welcoming the morning. They skipped between tree shadows, avoiding the rustle of the decayed leaves and the crackles of dried tree reeds, moving as stealthily as possible. And as Steven led their way into the vast garden of the castle, he felt he heard Grimdin’s voice. He thought of it. It might be in his head, maybe from the growing tension. He was about to turn and check, but a pebble hit his head, followed by Grimdin’s voice. “Lad!” Grimdin hissed from behind.
Steven rubbed his head. “What?” he said. Not pleased at all. 
“Do you really know your way through?” 
Steven trudged back to him. “I do … I am from Amberhill. We live in a forest. Now, come, let’s go.”
When the elm trees spread everywhere, Steven turned left, and “Here we are,” he said.
In front of them was the ladies’ chamber, swarmed over with green shrubs, and jasmine buds. Looking fresh on the morning light. 
Grimdin sheathed one axe but kept the other in his hand. “Where is the door?” he whispered.
“Come.” 
They went alongside the tower wall, hunched as if taking cover from some beastly falcon stirring overhead, trying to sight them from the sky. As Steven thought. The main door was locked. They inspected the windows, but now, they were all locked too. 
“Now what?” Steven muttered.
“We open it.”
“How do we do that? And how do we know no one is in there?”
“No one is in, I am certain,” Grimdin said as he sheathed his other axe.
“How can you be so sure?”
“I know my senses when they’re right. No one is in, I am certain. Only fools trap themselves in when a brisk air like this blows outside.” He took off his gear and leaned it against the wall, as if discussing this further was a waste of time.
To Steven, Grimdin had his own way of doing things, and that put his mind at rest. But sometimes the dwarf’s way seemed so mysterious that it worried Steven too. Maybe that’s how Grimdin felt about Steven’s spontaneity? 
“Can you see the lock from through the louvers?” Grimdin said.
Steven peeked. He caught the glint of the hook, which snuck into a ring, holding the louvers tight. It was far from his reach, though. “There it is.” He pointed. 
Grimdin drew out from his belt a dagger that Steven hadn’t noticed. It was marbled all over. Its sharp single-edged blade was a cream color with lime veins running across it, and its handle was a lime green with white veins. On its pommel was a gem, the likes of which Steven had never seen before: it was dark purple and it glowed a mysterious light from within, like some dark well, subdued with secrets. Steven wanted to share his remarks about the dagger, as everything the dwarf carried was rich with detail, but it did not seem the right time to elaborate.
“Grip your hands together, lad, and let me walk my way up your back,” Grimdin said.
Steven entwined his fingers together, knelt down, and bent his head forward. There was worry in his heart: that dwarf is too fat to carry. 
Grimdin stepped on Steven’s hands, and before Steven almost fell from the weight, he was over his shoulder. 
“Hold,” Grimdin said, “Hold your ground; do not shake so much. Now, a little up,” Grimdin whispered.
A little up! Steven grumbled. His eyes were about to pop as he summoned the guts to lift the dwarf. Cheeks filled with air.
“Hold, stay still now,” Grimdin hissed. And the sash was unlocked with a tick, and a faint creak came. “It’s empty,” Grimdin said, and hopped into the parlor.
With all the gear inside, Steven locked the window, and crept to the staircase door. A faint creak sounded, and a whoosh of air flowed out of the room, that the window’s sashes rattling could be heard in the parlor.
The last time Steven was here, the smell of peppermint had shrouded the air, but a concentrated scent of jasmine that someone might sneeze to, had now roved the air. Grimdin fastened everything back, except for one small axe. It was ready in his hand. 
They crept up the staircase to where the hallway was bathed by dim light coming from the arched window. Many tiny white cottony particles flew in the air. 
Quiet and alarmed, they came up to the lonely door as if prowling in a lion’s den. 
“This is it,” Steven whispered, cocking his head at the keyhole.
Grimdin sheathed his axe and leaned toward the keyhole, located a little below his eye level. “No one is there, and I see no door,” Grimdin whispered. He clutched the knob and tried to twist it with both hands, but it was firm and refused to turn.
“This door, my friend, is a magical door,” Steven said. “and it shall open only if you peek through the keyhole wishing for it to open.”
Grimdin stepped back. He waved his hands at the keyhole, inviting Steven to do as he proposed. 
In total confidence, Steven said. “And now I am wishing for the door to be opened.” He then bent down and pressed an eye against the keyhole. Please open.
“I don’t see the door opening,” Grimdin said mockingly.
“I don’t understand.” Steven was confused.
Grimdin gave a huffing laugh. “You—”
Then the knob turned and the door unlocked, interrupting Grimdin’s next comment. Steven enjoyed a small moment of triumph. He pushed the door open and winked, welcoming Grimdin to enter first, and then he followed.
“You didn’t close it,” Grimdin said, looking worried.
“I know how to walk in, but I don’t know how to walk out,” Steven said. “And I think the door will be closed by itself after the other girl picks the woolen sacks from outside. So just in case, let’s keep it like this for now.”
They inspected the place. From what Steven remembers, the queen got the keys from the left side. And there was a cupboard there with many drawers. He started the search, snooping for the brass key in each drawer.
“What are you looking for?” Grimdin whispered.
“A key—a brass key to open the cabinet.” Steven closed a drawer slowly, having found it empty.
“You mean this?” Grimdin pointed at a chain of golden keys that had one brass key between them. It was hanging by a small hook next to the cupboard Steven was inspecting.
“Yes.” He took it and went straight to the cabinet that held the pouches. He unlocked it and opened both doors wide. 
The pouches still sat next to each other in the same sequence he had recalled. This one. He picked up the only dark green pouch from the middle shelf. Then he pulled Grimdin to a backless chair on the left side and patted its cushioned seat. “Sit here.”
Grimdin sat and Steven took a handful of powder from the pouch; it was scentless, and it felt as soft as flour and as fresh as a morning breeze. He reached his hand above the hot marbled tray, winced from hesitation as he released the dusty particles onto the smoldering fire. A spark came and jolted out. 
Quickly Steven dashed back and sat next to Grimdin, who breathed in total astonishment, “Dear Finigrath and the kingdoms beneath!” 
The smoke wreathed up in a thin line and spread out like fog. The burning scent subsided, and the place was now filled with the scent of jasmine. A thick fog appeared; it globed to smaller green clouds, then dissolved to a dark, solid door with three stairs stretching up to it from the floor. 
Ding-ding-ding, A bell rang, and two beautiful ladies came out: the queen’s attendants. 
“Stand up and give her your hand,” Steven whispered in Grimdin’s ear as the ladies turned: one stood still and the other walked over to them. 
Grimdin and Steven stood up, bewildered by what was happening. Steven grabbed Grimdin’s arm and pushed it upward to reach the girl’s searching hands. He smiled and whispered, “Welcome to Amberhill,” and offered his arm to the lady.
With a tight grip and some gentle force, she escorted them up the stairs and they all disappeared through the magic door, side by side through a cloudy veil of gloom and mystery. 
Dark smoke shrouded everything, passing them through warm air, caressing them with a velvety touch on their skin. The strange feeling from within was a mixture of fear and burning curiosity. There was no telling to where they were going, as if being taken to a place away from time and the entire world. There was no scent of jasmine or any other smell. It was as quiet as a cave, and not too long afterward the scentless air became overwhelmed with the scent of forest and damp soil. The dark clouds beneath their feet disappeared and revealed a path that had small octagonal bricks, adorned by the warm colors of a twilight sky, and it stretched for a long distance until it disappeared into a bright light.
Steven gaped in amazement, and Grimdin was no less startled, for to their left stood a thick forest, dense with slender and sleek trees of curled, leafless branches. It seemed to spread fear over its damp ground, gripping the heart with sadness and grief. And though light fell upon it, the forest remained dark as if it sat under a moonless, starless night, almost hissing an eerie and mysterious silence. 
Alongside the path, slim trees sprang from the dark forest. Each one reached high and bent over the twilight path, shaping an arched arbor. As the tree trunk bent down toward the other side of the path, many thinner branches sprang out of it, intertwined and twisted into each other like knotted hair. It was covered with shrubs and freckles of jasmine as it dove into the grassy soil on the other side. 
The forest to their right was green and bright with faint yet colorful lights. Amid the green trees stood cherry-colored ones, frilled with pink leaves, along with many berry bushes, all scattered throughout the charmed woods. Few hummingbirds flew in the distance, and the flapping buzz of their wings swayed the forest into a seeming paradise of happiness and infinite love.
The girl did nothing to rush them along. Rather they strolled north under the arched arbors of half dark and half green. Steven checked behind them, and out of the magical door, the second girl appeared, with her arms pressing the woolen sack to her chest as if it was a pillow. The dark cloud that had held the magic door wobbled and dissolved with two loud bell rings.
Steven peered around their escort and saw Grimdin looking delighted at the charmed forest to his side. Their eyes met, and Steven shuddered. He shook his head and mouthed, “Not Amberhill.”
Now, that amused face of Grimdin went away.
Steven flicked his hand, but the girl’s fingers squeezed harder around his arm and pulled his hand back. She continued to stroll along as if nothing had happened. Steven looked ahead. The brightness in the distance stood far away. Maybe that was their destination, but then, the girl stepped to a byway on their left. 
The path sagged into the gloomy forest. No doubt figuring that the worst was yet to come, Grimdin drew out his axe in preparation, as the girl dragged them along into an unknown fate. Steven waved at Grimdin, signaling to cut off her hand, but Grimdin glared back at him and shook his head in disapproval. 
Steven pondered a way out, but so far they had no options: they didn’t know how to summon the magical door again, they had no idea where they were being taken, and being freed from the girl’s grip seemed almost impossible. The most terrible thought: the queen might be awaiting them.
Where’s Grimdin? Steven looked to his side. He couldn’t see anyone. Not even the girl’s face. Thick darkness had fallen on them in the instant and killed all source of light. He could only feel the soft touch of the girl’s skin against his, holding him firm and pulling him along. Behind him the other girl was not visible, and neither were the white stones they had just walked upon.
Panic grew in Steven’s chest. He had never thought he would be scared. Perhaps no one was until they walked into such a dark, unknown, oblivious place, with a person bewitched by a dark spell. That courageous knight; that strong person who had always a quick plan ready, died. He searched for a better option, but breathing in the dark filled him with every sense of terror. 
He heard something. A hissing sound, coming from Grimdin. That was somehow reassuring, but not enough, until a glowing light appeared in the distance, far off, lonely and lost in the depth of the dark. At first, Steven believed it came from a single source, but as they came closer, they appeared two. They flickered like distant candles, waiting for them to arrive.
Being dragged toward them signaled both hope and fear. A mysterious fate awaited them. The light grew larger, and now bathed their figures, revealing how fear had worked its effect on them: Grimdin looked prepared: head bent down and axe held close. Steven, though, trembled, eyes alert, letting fear swallow his courage.
They got closer to the light. It came from a cottage. It shined out of an opened window, and an opened door. As they were dragged into the cottage, they saw nothing other than orange flames crackling in a fireplace. 
The second girl who carried the sack walked in. She stayed behind, rustling her sack as she busied herself with it, while the other girl pulled Steven and Grimdin deeper inside, as if they were sheep heading to a butcher’s knife. 
The dark room, which they were in now, had many beds. The woman stopped, as if waiting for something to command her to move. The only source of light came from the door behind them. Ten beds sat in a line on each side of the room. On one bed lay a young lady. She slept peacefully as if sweet dreams filled her sleep. Steven had seen her before. She was one of the chosen maidens. He heard Grimdin gasp in the same instance, no doubt because he also knew who she was…and maybe perhaps that the second maiden wasn’t there. 
But where’s the other one? Steven’s heartbeats raced. His bones quaked in his flesh as a naked body would tremble from the chill of a snowy day. His imagination dictated her fate: they killed her, he thought. Terror harbored in his mind and soul. He did not want to know what lay beyond. He wanted to be at home. He was never able to value being safe in his house, until now.
He grabbed the girl’s hand with his fumbling fingers, trying to pull her curled fingers off his arm, but they squeezed harder. Making him feel the pain on his bones. 
Leave me, leave me! 
He looked over at Grimdin, who seemed as alarmed, but calculating.
If only the girl did something, or made some alarming move, or utter a word, maybe Steven and Grimdin would know how to react. But she was like a statue gazing into the darkness of the room, with no movement or even a blink. 
The rustle of the sack in the parlor stopped, and the other girl came into the room. Her long shadow lay on the floor as she stood behind them. She walked to Steven first. She pulled him from his free arm, and the other girl released him in the same instant. She walked Steven to the closest bed and tucked him in, almost pushing him into it with force.
Steven saw Grimdin unsheathe his small axe. He drew out the double-edged weapon with one hand, and grunted as he let it down quietly. The other girl walked back to Grimdin and dragged him to the bed next to Steven. The dwarf jumped and lay down, allowing the girl to tuck him without a struggle. Then, they both left, and their footsteps’ sound stopped in the parlor.
Steven leaned toward Grimdin and he finally found his voice again. It was shaking. “Where is this place?” he whispered. “What shall we do?” 
The dwarf crossed his finger over his mouth. He sat up and slowly slid to the ground without making any noise. He sneaked to the room’s entrance, craned his neck at the parlor, then sneaked back to the sleeping maiden. His hand moved over her face. His head leaned over her chest. There was no reaction from her. Grimdin picked up his gear from the floor, and came to Steven.
“Remember your talks,” he said. “They cannot see us, and I suppose they cannot hear or speak, either…”—he turned to the girl’s bed and then back to Steven—“That girl, her eyes are opened, but she can’t feel what’s around her.” He mused. “Only dark magic could cast such a spell.” Grimdin nodded then made sure his gear was fastened tightly. “Come, let’s go.”
Steven swallowed. He was removing the blanket when three loud bells rang from the parlor. Grimdin jerked back at once. His horned axes ready in his hands.
Shit! Steven bolted into a sitting position on the bed as the steps of the girls came again, followed by a creaking door. “The queen…She’s coming” he said. “What should we do?”
They exchanged silent looks. No one knew what to do. But then Steven found an idea. His eyes grew wide, and Grimdin responded with genuine interest. He stepped closer to Steven, lending him his ear.
“Let’s feign death,” Steven whispered, serious.
Grimdin jerked. “Come, you fool!” He grabbed Steven from his shirt and dragged him down the bed. “We must leave at once.”

12.
They came out to the living room and raced to the opened casement. Grimdin jumped through first and fell over a bush, but Steven threw himself out as if diving into water. He fell over the dwarf and pushed him away with both hands.
“Steven!” Grimdin’s hiss came like a scold. He rose to his feet, picked up the axes, and finally trudged to where Steven was getting up. He pulled Steven behind the bush under the window, and said: “You must calm down.”
“Let’s run! Let’s leave!” Steven whispered, panicking.
“Gather yourself, young man. If death will come, then I shall welcome it with these axes.”
“But I don’t have an axe!”
“Take this.” Grimdin passed one of the small axes to Steven and pointed at the ground. “Stay here, and do not move.” Then he left.
On trembling legs, and with an axe shaking in his hand, Steven waited. Even Steven felt that he’d disappointed the dwarf. He was disappointed in himself too. He had always thought highly of himself, even after pulling all the stunts he did in the castle, he never felt a day would come when restraining himself would be so difficult. He wanted to control himself. It was just hard. He wished he could close his eyes and all this would disappear.
The sound of something being rubbed against the ground proceeded Grimdin’s arrival. He returned dragging a big chunk of rock. He pushed it behind the bush, pressing it against the cottage’s wall under the window. When he saw Steven, he was a bit annoyed. “Give me my axe now,” he whispered angrily. 
Steven stuttered in protest, but Grimdin glared and pulled his axe from Steven’s grip. “Hold yourself together,” he said. “I had believed there was more courage under your skin.”
“I don’t know what happened to me.”
“We wait here.”
“Here? She is coming here; we will die here.”
“Death shall be upon us if we stray away, or feign death as you suggested. Hush and tuck yourself under the leaves.”
“What should we do then?”
“We wait, and we listen,” Grimdin said, his eyes tracing the direction of the white stones. “We must heed for more information,” he added. “We mustn’t rush, we must wait. It is our only way to come to the truth, so let us not let false thoughts shatter our minds again.” 
And from through the leaves, Grimdin watched for the arrival of the queen and her maidens, while Steven’s eyes were fixed on the ground around him, looking out for snakes or spiders, cursing himself. “This is the end,” Steven whispered.
The dwarf sighed and sheathed his axes back into his belt. He had a sympathetic look on his face. Steven knew he was becoming a drag now. He was ashamed of himself, and at the same time he couldn’t get his heart to calm down. 
“Steven,” Grimdin said in a dear, calm voice of one friend comforting another. “Often what we know is a trap of our sharp minds, elusive and blinding. So let us not judge and decide on false claims. There is a bright fate in a dark one that will lead to the right course.” He lowered his voice, and spoke again in a curious way. “For that is what happened for the two morning dews on the sunrise.”
“Morning dews on the sunrise?”
“On the summit of a tree, over two green leaves, two morning dewdrops awaited the sunrise. One was thrilled to watch the sun; the other doubted the beauty of dawn. And when the sunlight proceeded through the night, its beauty dazzled one of them, but you see, that dewdrop was tricked. Yes. For that dewdrop got steamed away at sunrise.
“But the other one,” Grimdin paused. He smiled. “No, the other one knew: not all that’s beautiful is safe and trustworthy. So it acted at the sting of the sun’s sizzle. And from one leaf to another, it slid down the towering tree without splattering, until it fell into a lake, where it joined its mates, and it was saved.
“Now was it fate that kept that dewdrop on the summit of the tree for the sun to steam it, or was it in the sting of heat that the other dewdrop sensed? Not all that is beautiful is good, and not all that is dark is bad. Do not run away or be troubled, my good friend. We shall never come to know what fate is planning for us. Let us wait for its sting to come; we must remain here until we learn how to act wisely.”
“I believed there was more courage in me. I was so afraid,” Steven said, disappointed in himself.
Grimdin patted him on the shoulder. “Don’t worry. I am certain of that, my friend. You’ve lived a short life. Much that will happen before your death will call your strength into question.” The dwarf patted Steven’s shoulder, and they waited under the window, hidden by the dark bush leaves. “You were scared. That’s all. True fear has not yet come to you, for you are braver than that.
A bell rang twice in the forest. “Ah,” Grimdin whispered. “She has arrived.” He drew his horned axes out.
Steven didn’t comment; his eyes searched along with his ears. There was little anyone could do at this stage—at least for someone with no experience. No advice could work here. It was only following one’s intuition, and Steven had nothing of it for such cases. He didn’t know if Grimdin was doing the right thing or not. But, he felt it in him that this dwarf knew better. Those wrinkles around Grimdin’s eyes, those many scratches and scars, those quick movements he made, and the stories he told, and the ancient-looking gear he carried. Grimdin seemed to have seen much more than any old man Steven had known. Somehow that stress in him lessened, as if his curiosity toward Grimdin’s tale absorbed most of his fears. It was strange, but he felt safer.
A little while later the silence of the forest was broken by approaching steps. Steven jerked his eyes to where Grimdin was watching. 
The queen … 
The attendants followed behind. And as they peeked through the dark leaves, the queen entered the cottage, and the bright, orange light that flashed out through the window above them became white. It relieved them to feel that everything was normal, and the two girls seemed not to have said anything to the queen of their presence here. 
Chairs screeched and then they heard the queen speak in a gentle voice. “Bring her,” she said. On her words, footsteps began, while the voice of the queen could be heard humming a low, soft tune. There was another dark feeling creeping into Steven, he didn’t like it, for it gave him the sense that something terrible would fall upon the sleeping maiden. 
Grimdin stepped on the rock he had dragged and started reaching himself up to the window. Steven took in a breath of courage and raised his head from behind the bush. His eyes caught the fireplace flames. They had changed from orange to white. The queen sat on a chair facing the blaze, oblivious to their existence.
Wasn’t her hair blond? Steven wondered, as he would have sworn that the queen’s hair had been blonde and straight. Now it seemed different: almost brunette, and curled with gentle tresses as it dropped behind the chair’s back. It was not as long as he thought it was. 
One of the queen’s attendants was on her knees, stirring a silver pot that hung from a hook over the flames. The queen continued to hum in a merry mood. A clap came from the dark room, and then the sleeping maiden emerged from the entrance with the other attendant carrying a pair of golden scissors and a golden bowl. It seemed that both of the queen’s attendants and the chosen maiden were hypnotized by a mysterious force.
The queen hummed to the crackling flames and the stirring of the pot kept on going. Everything went on inside the cottage with the precision and accuracy of professionals. None of them hesitated or doubted their workflow. The maiden seemed unafraid. Her eyes were lost somewhere Steven could never guess. She sat on her knees next to the queen, and the one with the scissors cut off a chunk of the girl’s long, shining hair from below her neck. 
The attendant split that hair into two portions: one she slipped into the golden bowl, and the other she kept in the cupboard. 
As the queen hummed, the adolescent girl was escorted back to the dark room by the same woman. Then, there was a clap, and the queen’s attendant returned to the parlor, alone. This time, with a golden comb in her hands. 
It was a fascinating sight for Steven and Grimdin. They witnessed what seemed to be the preparation of some magical ritual:
The attendant at the fireplace ladled from her silver pot some colorless liquid into the golden bowl. It looked thick and reflective, like melted mercury. A whishing sound came from it as the hair melted, and the attendant with the comb began stirring the mixture in the bowl on her lap. It dissolved like sugar in tea, and glowed with the color of a peach. She lifted the comb, dripping golden drops as she moved it toward the queen’s hair. Then she started combing through it.
While one attendant stirred the mixture over the flames, and the other combed the queen’s hair, the queen sang:
 
“Comb down the strings of night,
Let them glow back to light.
Let them fall, long and long:
Fairer and brighter like before.
 
Now my love, await and see
How much longer and brighter my hair shall be.”
 
And without disturbing the girls, the queen reached what seemed like a small golden bell dangling from under the mantelpiece. She touched it with the tip of her fingers, and it stirred a little without making a sound. Everyone resumed their work, and now the queen’s hair grew longer and straighter, and became fairer and shiny. 
This time, the queen’s hum softened and her voice grew tenderer as she sang another song:
 
“Come to me, my dusk and dawn,
Sing the song of a lover’s life:
Shimmering under the starry night,
Wrap his love in my mystical light.
Come to me—”
 
She stopped. And Steven and Grimdin heard a deep sigh that only someone in deep melancholy would give. She remained quiet, alone in her thoughts for a brief moment, before she spoke again in despair:
 
“You see flames…,” she said, and the flames crackled as if in response.
 
“I see it trickle from above,
I touch its warmth on my skin,
I feel its gust through my hair, and
I sense its tenderness in my heart
As I call for him.
Yes, flames! 
As I call for him.
 
He’s the sun, warming my dawn.
He’s the bright moon, missing, 
When I’m alone. 
 
Why can’t he wait for the bird’s call?
So I come to him, and share my soul.
 
Not much I ask, but to be loved.
Not much I want, but to be found.”
 
The fire crackled again under the pot, but the queen went on, with a broken voice, as if in tears.
 
“Am I a drifting leaf on the wind? 
Or am I the evil shadow beneath the trees?
Am I lost in dreams of my own, and locked in here for a time that’s long?”
 
“I learned to lose it in your soul,
You hold my love and my grief.
You hold my life, and my only relief.
 
My dear Leelah: my dusk and dawn,
I am but a restless cloud amid the storm.”
 
Such deep words filled with sorrow touched Steven and Grimdin. They exchanged looks of wonder. It was hard to tell what was happening in the queen’s mind. The presence of sadness made them unsure of anything they knew. It was as if some brisk wind had unlocked a sunken memory for the queen. And as she finished humming the end of her song, her hair was long again, almost brushing the wooden floor. It became shiny and even fairer than before, and her skin, too, looked brighter under the touch of light.
“Thank you, my dear ones,” she said to her attendants.
The remnant of the mixture was taken away, and the other attendant picked the pot up and disappeared into the dark room, carrying it as if it had been cooled by the flames rather than being heated.
Steven looked over to his side; the same baffled face was on Grimdin. The work in the cottage remained undistracted, and nothing seemed to be worrying anyone until…
Grimdin and Steven ducked down and tucked themselves behind the bush, for a strident bell rang in the forest, calling in the air like sirens of war. They were sure that it was not the bell of the magical door. These rings had a tinkling sound to them, and they came from somewhere within the dark forest, growing sharper, faster, and, most of all, closer to them.
Grimdin passed an axe to Steven. The dwarf looked to the left, alert for danger. Steven turned and watched the right, doubting his attacking skills but trying to help nonetheless. They both tried to see what made that sound. It was approaching with great speed. The sound was imminent now; it was close…too close. 
At once and without any time to think, they both turned with a sneer, facing the wall of the cottage. There was nothing under their feet, but the sound burst forth from within the cottage. They slowly rose up to their spying spot, and saw what startled them. A little ball of white fur scurried over the mantelpiece. It hurried toward the queen with a golden bell dangling from its neck. Steven couldn’t believe it: the ball of fur was a mouse.
The queen rested her arm over the mantelpiece, bridging a way for the mouse, who hopped and scurried over her outstretched arm. It sat on her shoulder, and with a soft touch from the queen’s finger, the bell settled into silence which somehow relaxed the mouse: its fur curled and its tail swung freely as it stood up on its hind legs on her shoulder, bathed by the flames light.
“Tell me, my love, tell me all,” the queen said, after she pulled her hair over her other shoulder, clearing her ear to listen. The mouse hissed into the queen’s ear something no one could hear.
“Very well,” she said. She stood up while the mouse remained on her shoulder, swinging its tail joyfully. She picked it up and placed it on the floor with care. After a gentle tap on its head, she went to another room on the other side of the cottage, which Steven and Grimdin had not been taken to. 
Without any command from the queen, and as if everything was under a regular agenda, the queen’s attendants left the cottage, holding what looked like empty buckets in their hands. They disappeared into the woods.
“I will send them with food for him. How is my big baby?” the queen asked as if still talking to the mouse from across the room. It sat on the floor near the fireplace, seeming to be lost in thought. But when it realized the queen’s second call, it jolted out of its still stature and disappeared into the other room.
Grimdin and Steven listened to her footsteps coming back. They bent their heads low under the windowsill and waited.
“Lovely news, my lovely guardian,” they heard her say, and then the door creaked again.
More footsteps followed. They peeked again as the sound moved away, and saw the queen disappear into the dark room along with the mouse on her shoulder. The two attendants had returned. Both hands lifting a bucket filled with green and colorless water that splashed as they followed the queen.
There was clap. And then a shriek, and then the queen’s voice: “Turn to a beauty and be loved by all. Turn her water: you make things become much more!” Then a green flash came from the dark room, followed by sharp footsteps. 
“Wake up to life, thus you speak to none. Wake up my lovely one, and be loved by everyone.” The queen said, and a white light flashed out from the door’s entrance, followed by another clap. “Go and live the life you want.”
Out of the room hopped a beautiful gazelle with two dark, curled horns and wide black eyes. Steven froze in his place, while Grimdin almost lost his balance on the rock. The gazelle dashed toward them and leaped over Steven and Grimdin’s heads, and landed behind the bush.
Grimdin hid himself in the leaves and pulled Steven along. “Shi—” Steven was whispering when Grimdin’s hand clapped across his mouth. 
The gazelle stepped toward them. It stopped, stared for a brief moment, and then hopped away, wandering into the woods and becoming another worriless, beautiful animal. The truth of the gazelles was now certain, and they nodded at each other, as they knew they shared the same thoughts.
“Feed my lovely beings after I leave.” The queen’s voice came again, followed by footsteps, then a creak from the cottage door. The bright white light changed back into orange at the shutting of the cottage door. From their hiding spot Steven and Grimdin saw the two girls and the queen, with the mouse on her shoulder, depart from the cottage and head back the same way they had come from.
Grimdin snapped toward Steven and whispered, “This is our chance. Come, we must go.” And like a good soldier, Steven followed his leader, sneaking behind the queen into the dark atmosphere, which was now occupied by tiny little creatures, hovering in the dark forest like floating candles.
They came to the twilight path, and passed it across toward the opposite forest: where the woods were bright and green, where the faint beats of the hummingbirds’ wings could be heard charming the realm.
But Steven paused by the twilight path. How do the gazelles return? he wondered, staring in the direction of the magic doorway. There must be a secret way out of here. How do they reach—
And a small stone hit him, sending pain into his head instead of thoughts. 
“Here,” Grimdin hissed under furrowed brows.
Steven ducked down and came to Grimdin. “Damn you, Grimdin!” he grumbled to himself as he rubbed his head from the second knock he’d taken that day. But the seriousness of their journey prohibited them from straying in such a place. Grimdin waved, anger in his eyes. Steven glared back, annoyed. But he nodded, and crept on Grimdin’s footsteps.
The queen kept on going ahead. This time Grimdin pulled Steven to the side, passing by the woods and taking a different route. It was easier for them to see the queen, as this part of the forest was bright. 
“The gazelles must know the way out of here,” Steven whispered as they ducked behind the bush. The queen had stopped somewhere not far away, somewhere with a big white boulder. She was listening to her mouse.
“Not now, we must wait,” Grimdin hissed.
The queen stepped forward. Her mouse’s tail played in the air as it stood high off the ground, while her other companions remained in their places. 
Through the green leaves, Steven and Grimdin saw the queen come closer within their sight. She stood in a semicircle of turf surrounded by blooming cherry trees. Her smile never faded. It was hearty and dear. It seemed to Steven that a sense of happiness shined out from her skin and hair as she faced a big white boulder the size of a giant elephant. “How is your day, my dear king?” the queen finally said.
Steven became more attentive. His eyes careful to every detail. Hearing the word “king” sent goose bumps down his spine. He turned to Grimdin, and the dwarf was equally alarmed. A reply came from behind the boulder, harsh and deep: “What day do you speak of! My days have gone long before, you hag of the underworld!” a man’s voice said.
“Do not fall into despair, my dear,” the queen said. “Wish for love and kindness, and all will return.”
“Kindness!” the man raved.
Steven thought he heard the clanking of metal, almost like … a chain?
“What shall you return?” the man continued. “You have taken all that is dear to me, all that I desire.”
The queen looked above her, and for some reason, her smile was gone, and her face turned serious.
“Yes, look up there,” the man behind the boulder said. “It’s not yet time for me to surrender.”
Silence lingered between them. There was disappointment in her eyes. Her lips were straight. Her mouse’s tail withered and hung low. She didn’t say a word and went behind a tree at the other side. 
A few moments later, a bright light shone, and she returned. “You have lost your shape, my dear one,” she said. “Enjoy the gesture of the table.” And with her two attendants and the mouse, she left in the same direction they’d come from.
Steven’s eyes went to the departing queen. She was still within their sight, at a good distance to prowl along behind her. This is our chance. He tugged on the dwarf’s arm and whispered, “Grimdin, they’re leaving.”
But the dwarf’s attention seemed gripped by something else. “Not yet.”
“What!” Steven hissed. “Bu—”
He couldn’t finish his words, for Grimdin had already crept forward toward the turf with an axe in his hand. He kept himself within the boulder’s shadow, and turned around and waved for Steven to come. 
“Not that way,” Steven whispered, gesturing in frustration. “Where are you going?” He gazed back toward where the queen was now disappearing. He felt that their only chance to learn how to return back was with the queen, but Grimdin crept in farther. “Damn you,” Steven murmured to himself and dashed behind Grimdin, pointing in the other direction as he pulled the dwarf by his shirt. “That way!” he hissed.
Grimdin didn’t stop; instead, he came much closer from the white boulder, giving less attention to Steven’s imploring pleas. His hands were against the boulder as he craned his neck to see what was behind.
“Grimdin!” Steven whispered behind clenched teeth. We are losing time here, what the hell you’re doing? 
The dwarf turned. A baffled look on his face. He waved for Steven.
“What?” Steven said, almost shouting his word in Grimdin’s ear.
“See there,” Grimdin pointed.
Behind the boulder’s edge, Steven saw a spring. Its clear surface reflected back to Steven the image of a shirtless man—a strong-looking man—who seemed engrossed in the depths of sadness. He sat there—on an armchair made of stone—lonely and lost, leaning on his elbow as if saving his life was forsaken. 
The man came down from his seat and walked to the spring. And as he bent down to wash his face, Steven knelt so he could catch the man’s reflection better. His eyes couldn’t believe it when the rippling water smoothed out. 
That long face, that blond and curly hair, that strong build, and tall figure, and sharp wide eyes.
“Is that …” he whispered.
“Yes,” Grimdin said. “He is the king of Agragort—King Albert.”

13.
What on earth is happening around here? Steven thought, glancing back at Grimdin.
Grimdin craned his head at the boulder.
He can’t be serious. Steven shook his head. “We can’t stay here. We have to return,” he whispered. “Let us go and see how she summons that magical door before it’s too late. We can come back after that.”
Grimdin didn’t bother answering, though. It seemed he had made up his mind. He turned toward the boulder, faced the spring, and kept quiet.
“Grimdin,” Steven hissed and tugged him by his shoulder like he was some naughty child who wouldn’t listen, but then, a loud bell rang thrice in the woods. The door. “We must leave now!” Steven said.
“Nonsense,” Grimdin gave a fierce whisper. He pushed Steven’s hand away. “We cannot return yet. Haven’t you seen who sits there?” He pointed at the boulder. “We must remain here. There is more to learn when she is gone.”
“Nothing we have seen today makes sense,” Steven said. “It will all make sense if we return to the inn, drink tea, and come up with a new plan.” Steven, though, did have to admit that he was puzzled to find King Albert behind the boulder—but his own life meant more to him than some king in some dream world. “We have no time,” Steven said. “The bell has rung for the door, so let’s leave before it disappears!” 
“Lad,” Grimdin scolded. “The entire castle and the people who live within its walls—and outside of it in Agragort—know nothing about this. Everyone there is living in a dark, murky lie. We cannot risk letting this chance slip away. We must solve this mystery; we must stay here. My father could be here even,” Grimdin insisted. “What chance shall bring us back here again unnoticed. If our luck is shining, then let us be with it.”
“But the magic door? And the way back?” Steven pled. “If they left, we won’t be able to leave this place, and we will be stuck in here for who knows how long. Come Grimdin, let us go behind them and see how the door is called at least, then we can come back. Come, my friend. Let’s go.” He grabbed Grimdin by his hand.
Grimdin bared his teeth, opened his mouth to say something in his anger—but then a bell rang in the forest, twice. And upon that, Grimdin slapped Steven’s hand away, broadened his shoulders, and said, “Now we stay.”
Red color flared in Steven’s head for a second, as smothering anger broiled within him. Their only hope was abandoning them, and now, they were stuck for real. Steven couldn’t express how he felt, as an immense rage hijacked his rational thoughts. His words stuttered within, wanting to rant out loud at Grimdin. Fool!
“Come,” Grimdin hissed.
“You,” Steven growled, pointing a finger at Grimdin as if it was a magical wand and his words were a spell. He yammered in a voice that grew louder with every word: “I told you we had to go. Now we shall remain here—forever!” He trudged toward Grimdin. “Who knows how long we will have to stay here? You dwarves have heads harder than stone.”
Grimdin fumed. “You live in fear.” He inhaled a deep breath and puffed it out as if fighting his anger back. “We mustn’t argue now,” he said, sounding in control. “An important matter is at hand. We must look into it and help to solve it. I feel there are more things to be learned under this sky.”
“Grim! After all we have seen. We do not know if that …” Steven flicked his hand toward the boulder. “…is even the real king,” Steven said, and stood watching the dwarf skin redden with that same vein crossing between his brows. This time, Steven didn’t care, and just for the sake of spicing Grimdin’s anger, he turned his back on him and plopped down on the damp ground, folding his hands in his lap.
Grimdin came up to Steven, brandishing his axe “I—” And in that moment the dwarf’s words were cut short, as they both heard a clanking of steel. At once, Grimdin hushed, readied his axes, and sneered. Steven stood up and turned as the sound came closer. He took some steps back and stood next to Grimdin. 
From behind the boulder, King Albert treaded toward them, dragging a heavy chain, clasped to his legs, hampering his progress. With every step the chain clinked and clanked as the king dragged it along. 
It had oblong—almost rectangular—golden rings, thick and wide. Each ring attached to the next with a golden nail. The king stopped in his tracks. He stared at Grimdin for a second. His gaze went to the ring tying Grimdin’s beard. “Dwarf of Reddronar?” King Albert said, now staring into Grimdin’s eyes. “Callers of Elen Dew.” 
The king shambled forward until finally the chain stopped him from proceeding farther. He folded his hands against his chest, studied Steven, then eyed Grimdin again.
“I am king of Agragort, Albert the Second, son of the kind kings of Three Lands. What brings you here?”
“Forgive us, King of the Kind Men.” Grimdin bowed and sheathed his axes. With steadfastness in his eyes, he said, “We came here to rescue you.”
“What?” Steven hissed, but Grimdin knelt like some noble knight.
Albert laughed. “No one can, strong dwarf. No one can take the life of Dorthia the hag,” he said and waved his hand as if shooing them away. “Return home, there is no power you possess to kill her. If you want to help, then go to Varbaz and tell him what you saw. Bring him here to me. Make haste now. He will be in my chamber in the castle. Call his name and no one shall decline your calls.” The king then turned and lumbered back toward the boulder, shrouded with sadness and disappointment. “Lost is the city of the kind kings,” he said. “Lost is the life of its people. It’s all lost, all gone.”
“What are you doing?” Steven whispered. 
Grimdin stood with his palms resting on the pommels of his axes, staring as Albert disappeared back behind the boulder. 
“We can’t rescue him,” Steven said. “He’s right—we cannot kill her. We have to go find our way back.” He pointed in the direction the queen had taken. “Or …” Steven grinned at a new thought. “We could ask the king the way out.”
“Hush now and be silenced,” Grimdin frowned at Steven’s selfish demands. “Stop your grumbling and do as I say. No one but a noble greets us in the Reddrons manner. I am certain this is the real king. He is Albert, so come now and be silenced!” Grimdin said, then headed toward the boulder in the footsteps of the king.
“How dare you,” Steven muttered to himself. Damn you, midget. “Fine, go,” Steven said. “Let your new friend help you out,” he shouted, with no fear of raising his voice.
Now, Steven had nothing to do except to find his way back. He turned around, and in his mind he cursed everyone that had been a part of this miserable nightmare, from himself to Grimdin and the queen and her mouse. “Where will I find you, cursed gazelles?” he muttered, brushing the dirt from his clothes. He looked back and saw Grimdin checking his belt as he disappeared behind the boulder.
I’ll leave him alone, Steven decided, and took few steps in the opposite direction, then, he looked behind him once more. Grimdin was gone. Steven knew he was now alone. He continued on, then looked back again. He saw no one. This time, he was stung by the same feeling he’d had so often since arriving here: fear. He simply couldn’t summon enough courage to sneak back to the twilight path alone. He raised his fists to the sky and released his cry in silence: DAMMIT! He stomped the damp ground with his feet, pushing dirt through a hole the size of his boots. He stared at the boulder, wishing he could lift it and plop it onto the entire situation to end it all.
Rage still brewed in his heart and mind as he muttered, “Damn, damn, damn to all this.” Then he muddled along to where Grimdin and Albert talked behind the boulder.
Albert’s voice came. “If you were not a Reddron, Grimdin, son of Gor,” the king said, “I would have sworn you were sent by her.”
The dwarf ignored Steven, but the king signaled with his hand. “And who are you, boy?” he asked.
“My name is Steven,” Steven snapped, showing no appetite to talk.
“He is not from any land we know,” Grimdin said.
“That I see, son of Gor,” the king said. “Our people are far from such low manners.”
The king’s comment was the spark of fire that ignited dynamite in Steven’s head. Who does he think he is? You are their king, not mine. Steven’s jaw clenched tight as he glared at Albert.
The king filled his chest with air and sat on his throne, leaning to one side, looking at Steven suspiciously. Grimdin threw daring stares at Steven, warning him to refrain from any foolish act, but Steven took in a deep breath and opened his mouth. 
“Listen,” Steven pointed at Albert. “You are their king, not mine, and here you are chained. We are here to help you. So behave yourself if you want my help,” he said in a testy mood.
Grimdin gripped on his axe pommel. The thick veins on his forehead were visible again. But Steven answered Grimdin’s glares with a huff. Albert, unlike Grimdin, was amused: he laughed and laughed, loudly, from the bottom of his heart. He closed his eyes, coughed, and responded with a tearful smile. “Long it has been since I had such a laugh. I thank you for that.” He wiped the tears away with his thumb and spoke to Grimdin. “But I am afraid, son of Gor, that even with this boy your courage would not be enough to defeat Dorthia.”
Suit yourself, Steven looked away.
“Dear kind king,” Grimdin said. “We cannot return now, for the door is closed, and I sense your rescue is to be achieved only by us.”
“I doubt that, Valor of the Deep,” the king said.
“There’s no guarantee that Varbaz will believe us,” Grimdin said. “We yet do not know who else is missing, and who else has been taken under her spell. We are your only hope and you are our only hope. What Varbaz would do can be done by us instead.”
He’s right, Steven admitted to himself.
The unfortunate fact remained that they were trapped in a ring of untrustworthy friends, and a wrong step might dash the little hope that Grimdin and Steven had remaining. Steven figured that Albert had no choice but to agree.
The king, though, simply stared at the spring, still leaning to the side as he sat on his kingly seat of stone. He turned to the sky, gazing at it with earnest and anxious eyes. Grimdin and Steven both looked overhead to see what the king was focused on: the light that brightened the forest came from under a dark sky, and followed an undulating path of mist, stretching long under the vast, starry night. Its colors changed from lime green to aquatic blue, and it came along with a tinkling sound of wind chimes and the buzz of a bee, that Steven could hear now after noticing it.
The unmistakable lights rang a bell in Steven’s head. The auroras.
“It’s green and blue now,” King Albert said as they all stared into the mystical lights. “The shimmering lights of Leelah,” Albert said with a solemn regret. “It was white at first, you know, but, now it is colored, and it shall remain so until it reddens in the sky. That’s when Dorthia knows that I am weak, and that I have submitted to her will.
“Know that I was a kind prince,” Albert said. “And my father was the kindest of all kings who came before him. On a day that was kingly and honest, my father feared for his bloodline and pledged me to choose my wife with whom I would live with all my life and have his grandsons. My love was for Harnid’s daughter, Elisa—Harnid’s only child.
“My father, though, favored me to marry another, but my love was so dear to Elisa, and I saw none other as beautiful and real except her. With the consent of our parents, we were married on the following week.”
Grimdin stepped back and sat on a small rock by the side of the spring, while Steven sat against the bark of a blooming cherry tree, next to Grimdin. They both listened intently to Albert.
“After our marriage and after the death of my father, I became the king, but our blessing was not bright, for I was losing hope of having a child from my love. Elisa tried her wisdom with plants to gain confidence to bear us a child, but all was in vain after many failed attempts—yet I loved her dearly more and more.” He sighed then continued, gazing away at the blooming leaves. 
“And on a day that seemed happy and filled with mirth, a lady walked into our castle. She was old and looked humiliated. She said that she had a cure, one that would come from the water in Arro Lake—water that couldn’t leave the shade of the woods—and that it would help Elisa have a child.”
“My wife left with high hopes to the woods, and I waited at the castle, my heart pounding with joy. When she returned home from her journey, she said that everything would be fine, but our fate didn’t change. Elisa, though, changed very much.
“She asked for a private chamber to be built, so that she could soothe her sadness in her own space, and to practice her learning without being disturbed. But then she called for many maidens to help her, and she took pleasure in having more gazelles in our garden.” 
That explains a lot, Steven concluded even as he saw Grimdin brushing his mustache with his thumb and index finger, figuring that the dwarf’s mind was also busy.
“Doubt grew in me,” Albert continued. “I feared for her well-being, and I followed her in secrecy one night. I saw her and the maidens vanish through a doorway.” His eyes looked glassy, as he was reliving every moment.
“And on a night unfortunate and wrong, I left her sleeping alone and went through the magical door, and came to this place. She noticed my arrival, and she caught me and locked me in her dark magic in that cottage. And that is when I knew why my Elisa seemed so changed when she had come back from the woods, for that old lady was Dorthia, and it was Dorthia who came back to me from the woods, not Elisa.
“Dorthia took me from the cottage and fastened my legs to this golden chain. She said the chain would remain until the white shimmering lights overhead turn to red; that is when she shall release her dark magic and make me love her.”
Albert hung his head and sighed.
“Little did we know of Dorthia’s dark love or evil plans for my wife,” Albert said. “Dorthia was a friend of our house before being our enemy. She was a dear friend to my wife, but she kept her dark notions to her evil self. So, though it seemed my wife had returned from her journey to be well, in truth she never returned at all. It was Dorthia in her stead—a shape-shifter who had transformed herself into the visage of my Elisa by dark magic.”
Steven chewed his lower lip, feeling smothered as his body heated up: he would never be able to tolerate such a dark and collusive will, or forced separation and obliged love. He felt ashamed; there were people with greater troubles than his, and yet he showed such poor manners. When Albert came down from his seat, Grimdin stood up and Steven did the same. He came toward them with the clank of the golden chain jostling against the small, scattered rocks on the damp ground. “Your sons are the pride of their grandfather, son of Gor. Our great ancestors had great faith in your people, we grew up knowing it,” he said to Grimdin. “And you, good friend …” Albert sighed and walked away. He came to the spring and stared at his own reflection. 
“Know that I hate Dorthia so much that I shall kill her when the chance is right, but even a sword in my hand can’t take her life, now, for her powers are defended by dark magic that is beyond our powers to break.”
Steven saw how Albert, in his prime and youth; in his strong build and noble inheritance, stood humiliated and weak. He was a handsome man, of broad shoulders and tall stature. He never stuttered as he spoke, always clear and precise. His curly hair, long face, and sharp, wide eyes were distinct from the rest of the men in Agragort. It was Steven’s first encounter with a real king. And there he was now, helpless and alone. 
Steven sat in silence, still startled to hear the truth of Dorthia’s unbelievable deception and masquerade, but Grimdin went to Albert’s side and knelt beside him.
“Kind king of men,” Grimdin said. In his voice was a relentless courage, and on his face was anger Steven had never seen. “My father Gor, and the fathers of all the dwarves before, shall rage at such a daring deed.” Grimdin frowned. He held up a strong fist and swore, “By all the courage in my blood, and the wisdom that I trust, I shall not leave this place without returning you to your crown and bringing you the love you have lost, for I am Grimdin, son of Gor!”
His words felt like a slap on Steven’s face. It made him want to help, urged him to think and discipline himself. Albert looked so overwhelmed that Steven felt as if some life had returned to the king. Perhaps seeing that he had friends who would fight for him, and hearing Grimdin’s words, had sparked within the king a daring chance to hope. But Steven weighed his thoughts in silence.
Only seconds later, though, the same weak Albert returned, as if reality had again settled in. “No one knows where Dorthia has taken Elisa—no one but her, and she shall not bring her back to me. Understand me well, Grimdin: Elisa will never return until Dorthia dies. She is a shape-shifter. All her powers are given to maintaining her façade. She uses her dark magic to keep up her ruse, she needs those innocent adolescent girls … the maidens she keeps choosing every week—”
“Wait a minute!” Steven’s head snapped up. “I know where Elisa is.”
Both Albert and Grimdin turned their eyes toward Steven: a glazed look on Albert’s face, but a cautious one on Grimdin’s. Steven, though, was certain of it. I know it’s true. His thoughts had dawned a new light on the matter. He was startled as well. He nodded. “I know where Elisa is.”
Albert lumbered toward Steven, dragging the heavy chain, stunned. Steven nodded again at the king, gathering his thoughts before he spoke, his body overwhelmed with chills.
“It is her. She sent me to you—well, she tricked me—but never mind, she sent me here. I am sure. She told me that the doors shall open only if I wish for them to, she told me to go and find her, and now I know why she told me that. She wanted me to come here … to help you, maybe … but I can tell you, somehow she knew all of this would happen.”
As Steven heard himself speak, he believed in himself even more. Elisa was the woman he was searching for. She had to be. Steven felt thrilled, sensing that he himself was now part of something beyond his imagination. 
Steven went on, more assured of himself than ever. “Elisa is alive—and, like you said, Dorthia is her very image,” he explained to Grimdin, and then to the king. “The woman from the cottage must be Elisa—I just know it—and she lives in Amberhill where I am from, in a safe and beautiful place where a spring comes from the heart of a tree and its branches fall under her home. I know it’s her, I am sure. She is the one you love.” Steven now shook his head and frowned. “But I still do not know why she chose me, or why she didn’t tell me who she was or the trouble you are both in, but I am certain that she wants me to help you. Somehow …”
In that responsible moment, Steven felt he had become a different person as he realized the gravity of the task he’d been sent to help complete. He looked at the king and saw how his words were reviving Albert’s heart with life, filling his eyes with tears of hope.
Albert gripped Steven’s shoulders with his hands, squeezing them. He pulled him forward and stared into his eyes with tears ready to fall. “Are you certain?” Albert whispered with a breath of happiness. “Are you sure?” A tear trickled down Albert’s cheek. 
Steven nodded. “Yes.”
“Is she safe? Is she really alive?” 
How fate could suddenly change a person, and how hope could cast a sorrowful yet joyful tear. It was beyond Steven, but it made him happy to be the one saying this good news. “I am certain,” he said. “She is there, waiting for you.”
The king dropped his head low as he held onto Steven’s shoulders, and when he lifted it, gleaming lines ran down his cheeks. He inhaled deeply and said: “Thank you, Steven of Amberhill, thank you.”
Happiness dawned on Grimdin’s face. He nodded to Steven. Admiration in his eyes. He came up to Albert, and said, “I noticed Dorthia’s hair is where her power is. We saw it at the cottage, during the ritual that Steven just spoke of. How can we drain her power then?”
Albert trudged to the spring, now pulling the heavy burden around his legs with confidence, as if the strength of his bloodline ran through his veins again. He turned and saw them with eyes sharp and determined like the true king he was. Then he spoke in a strong, commanding voice that seemed as though it had been locked inside of him for a long time. “Heed, my friends, for what I shall tell you is far beyond the tales of time.”

14.
The golden chain went from Albert’s legs straight through the white boulder, as if a hole had been drilled there, and then it went on through the bushes to a distant place, far from sight.
“At the far end of this chain …” Albert signaled to where the gleaming chain disappeared into the farthest east., “lay Dorthia’s castle. It’s guarded by her mouse. She calls him with her bell, and it shall not ring unless she seeks him. But beware, good friends, he’s a cunning mouse, and he will call that hag once he reaches her bell in the cottage. I entered her castle as I was searching for what would destroy her. But that creature caught me sneaking and called her. And everything ended.”
The king sneered at the gold around his ankle. He fixed his eyes on Grimdin. “This chain is forged by someone you know, Grimdin.” Albert said. “It’s done by the Roargorth, the Mighty Dwarf.”
Steven felt a weird energy flow to him from his side. He looked and saw Grimdin freeze in his place, face ashen, struck with disbelief. 
“She tricked him with a golden mallet,” Albert said. “One that could make gold stronger than any metal, and yet turn any steel into gold. It is he who forges this chain on the other end. With every new ring he makes for this chain, Dorthia’s castle goes deeper and deeper into her desert—a thing, my friends, that can only be done by dark magic.
 “This golden chain shall yield only to the mallet. The mallet glow is all that Roargorth desires; he’s been bewitched by it. So be very careful,” Albert said. “But there is no telling of what may happen. Even if I free myself, even if you succeed in getting the mallet and lift Roargorth’s curse. There is no telling how we can end this hag. Nothing can break her power. Nothing could kill her. I don’t know what to do.” 
Grimdin remained quiet, and Steven couldn’t find any relief in what he heard. He swallowed, trying to hide his doubt.
“Her castle holds many things,” Albert went on. “The mouse should know. But beware. That cunning creature knows everything. He’s your key, though. Hunt him down before he finds you. He should lead you to the right answer. She had put a spell on the path to her castle after she caught me. I do not know what lay beyond the woods. But I warn you, her castle will play with your mind. It can listen to your hearts and read your thoughts. It shall unearth your Love and greatest Fears: things you cherish and could never part from, things you do not dare to face even though you want to. I warn you, for in my search, I have encountered my own self, and I failed to face it. I couldn’t dare.”
Albert stepped ahead. “You shall need to follow your courage and wisdom,” he said. “Do not let that mouse catch you sneaking, or else, he shall call Dorthia just like he did to me, and your end might be worse than anyone else.” 
Steven listened with wonder taking his imagination far. Nothing in Albert’s words was optimistic. It was filled with warnings, but in a state as this, when Steven had no choice but to move on, he had to believe in something. The return to his family. The Big City and his future there. He had to believe in himself…and his new companion.
“We have no other choice. We must try,” Steven said.
Grimdin nodded to that.
Albert looked them over as if measuring their physical qualities. No doubt, both Steven and Grimdin probably looked to be exhausted and pale from loss of energy. After a few seconds of this, he turned and tramped to a tree at their side.
“Rest awhile,” the king said. “Come, you shall need strength for your long journey—strength and sustenance. Behind this tree you shall find enough food to fill your gullets and regain your energy, but do not linger and fill yourselves to the throat.” He smiled. “You need to be light and alert.”
Grimdin and Steven chuckled. They looked behind the tree and found a table that could seat up to six people. So that’s what Dorthia did before she left. Steven was impressed. All sort of food covered the table: different breads, chicken wings, and slices of meat. Things in orange, in green, in red and purple. Almost everything delicious was there.
“Even in your prison, you’re prepared to have guests,” Steven said.
The king and the dwarf laughed.
“She comes here twice a week and fills this table with more food,” Albert said. “Eat as you please for I have to admit, it is truly good,” remarked the king as he stood at the head of the table, hands open wide.
They all sat, and started the meal. Grimdin piled a plate with food and sat on a big rock at the side. It was a good chair for his size. 
Albert bit an orange, then peeled its skin with his fingers, while Steven was glad he had nostrils to breathe through at that moment, for he stuffed his mouth with enough bread and meat that no room remained for any air to get in.
“Do not glut yourself, Steven.” The king laughed, followed by the dwarf. “There’s plenty to go around.”
But Steven coughed with a full mouth as he attempted to join in their laughter. He slammed his chest with a few blows of his fist, and when the food finally slid down his stomach, he quickly silenced his hiccups with a gulp of water, and smiled.
“Wait …,” Grimdin said. “King Albert, if you have been here for so very long, then who is it that looks like you and rules Agragort in your stead?”
“Ah. Yes, that should be my butler. Dorthia bewitched him then transformed him to look like me. I hope no foolishness has come from him.”
“I do not believe any has come of him yet.”
“Good,” Albert said bitterly. He turned to Steven, still gorging himself on the food. “Tell me about Amberhill, young man.” 
Steven swallowed the morsels he’d been chewing, then gulped a cup of water, and began telling Albert of Amberhill, loving his hometown more and more as he spoke about it: the Big Blue Lake, his wonderful family, his friends, the Long Forest, and the Final Play. He could tell that both Albert and Grimdin sensed how much he yearned to return to Amberhill. He sighed to that memory.
Somehow the buzz from the shimmering lights overhead and the sound of the hummingbirds around them made Steven long for the sound of Olden’s plant, but he blinked away this thought, and complained about Olden’s project. He chose words he hoped would be understandable. He highlighted how his world fought for power and wealth, and yet with all their developments and richness, their world still struggled to get along. 
He said that when the wealthy Olden came into Amberhill, he built a place to invent things that would make their world a better place to live. Steven explained that Olden’s strategy hinged on winning the favor of people by making things available for less than a silver coin, even though other people sold the same items for more than a golden coin.
“He is a very cunning man, that Olden,” Steven said, concluding his opinion of Olden with a sniff.
“Tell me…how did Olden come to his fortune?” the king said, and Steven did not know from where this sudden interest in Olden came. “You say he’s a wealthy man, right?”
“Yes, he is,” Steven said, and took a moment to think. “What I know is that when Olden’s father passed away he inherited everything. His father worked his way to wealth from scratch. He was a normal worker in a food company.”
“Does he have any brothers, sisters maybe…is he a young man?” asked Albert.
“He’s the only child. He’s in his forties, his father passed ten years ago.” Steven thought again and shrugged. “I guess so.”
From the head of the table, Albert drank from his cup and stared at Steven as if reading and analyzing him. “You seem to have a kind man in Amberhill, then. That Olden could be a good man, since he’s helping his fellow citizens.”
Steven huffed. What makes him say that? he thought. He felt his father was speaking to him now. Not the king of Agragort. “Well,” he started. “You can also help someone by not forcing them to be your workers or ruining their land and going about changing everything, just to serve your purpose.”
“Being lazy, is that what you want?” the king said at once. “I say he has offered them a better life. Do you not see that saving the world is an honorable purpose?”
“I doubt anyone wants to save the world,” Steven retorted. “No one knows the world well enough to save it.”
“And I suppose you do?” Albert snapped. “I see that you do not heed to the very words you say, Steven of Amberhill,” he said, letting Steven hear the irritation in his tone. “Son of Gor,” He turned to his side. “What say you?”
Both awaited Grimdin’s answer. But Steven couldn’t hold his indignation; it was all over his face. Grimdin sighed. He smiled and said: “There is good in what you said of Olden, more than the bad of how you feel about him.”
“That is correct.” Albert clapped a hand on the table. “It seems Olden has lived his life with a humble man. His father struggled like any common man would, and worked hard for his benefit, but, at least, his son did not forget who they were, for Olden is giving back to the people. That’s what I see. He’s a man with principles, of great knowledge maybe, and extreme wealth, who cares about the people. A man of such qualities is a man to be followed; to be befriended, not to be fought,” he said. “At least, his actions—from your words—suggest that.
Often, I come across people like you; with great potential and energy. Pity, though, they tend to live in the shadow of their excuses that should not have existed in the first place.”
Steven and Albert stared at each other, charging the growing silence with seriousness. 
“You grumble much,” the king said, acting as if complaining was a habit he hated. “You are young; it is in your nature to think different than others, and search for your own way in dealing with things. That is good. It is healthy. But you have a kind man in your world. He’s not a king, not a noble, but a true man, and an unnoticed friend.” Albert ended what seemed to be a short lecture. 
Grimdin kept quiet. He seemed to avoid taking sides in such a debate. There was nothing Steven could say, he was silenced by what felt like truth, and he stared at the king like a boy, ashamed and yet challenged, and who hated being lectured in front of others. His grumbling personality had again begun to creep into his mind from behind his tedious and skeptical views. He had too often annoyed people around him and made them flock away from his company, tired of listening to his persistent criticism. And though he had changed throughout the years, after today, Steven believed there was still that Steven in him. The one who couldn’t let go. 
Steven looked down at his plate, disappointed.
“It is in us to always object and be judgmental,” the king said, as if consoling Steven now. “We are the last to follow our own advice, and talk about things that bother us often as if we have already conquered them with great deeds. But very rarely will you find someone stepping up to take real action—to take the damage and ill opinions that will surely come by doing things without being thanked. But, nothing good comes without a fluster; nothing good comes clean and bright, with no effort or sweat or even blood. Why they do it is something beyond us. I think, maybe because they enjoy living through the process of making their dreams happen. That’s the real beauty of things.”
Steven marked these words, for he had heard them before in some form or another from many people. He’d never sensed the truth and reality of such talk as he did now. He recalled how many selfish wishes he’d had, how naive he sometimes was about certain things. He knew he’d always found a way to see himself as a bird with broken wings, but never took the chance to learn how to heal them and move on. Always finding something to complain about, something to use as an excuse—if only he used that energy to achieve a noble task … maybe, just maybe, then he wouldn’t have hated Olden so much. 
Steven looked away. Do I really want to be a doctor? he thought. Maybe it was his escape from being so pessimistic about whatever that made him so. Steven pondered, stumped.
“A nice town, this Amberhill.” Albert’s voice pulled Steven back. “I hope you get back to it soon.” 
“I hope so, too,” Steven said finally.
He thought back to his family, probably sitting at the dining table with a lonely chair, missing their Steven. It wasn’t a pleasant memory. It gave him a sore sting in his throat. He missed them. He missed them a lot.
“This world,” Grimdin said as he gazed at the shimmering lights above them, “it bends our heads to the words we say and teaches us in a mysterious way.”
Steven suddenly felt the urge to apologize to many people he may have hurt with his criticism, knowing it might had affected people’s judgment of him, and most probably, their own lives, too. He agreed with everything he’d heard. It struck him that maybe it was good to be away from his town. He was able to take a step back and reflect. Sometimes, things get clearer only after staying away from them. 
But, it was overwhelming to realize that after hearing this, his complex structure, which was intertwined in his head by reasons that seemed to make sense, would almost crumble, and get untied as if pulled by a single thread. How had he not thought of that before?
Silence seemed to dominate their table now, and Albert changed the subject and got Steven’s attention toward how they had managed to come into Dorthia’s realm. The new topic engaged Steven again in the conversation, along with Grimdin. They both told Albert how they participated into the maidens’ contest—which Albert had a great laugh about and promised to discipline his guards the moment he returns.
Then, as if the right moment had come, Grimdin asked his question which Steven had been wondering all the while how did Grimdin remained quiet about it. “King Albert?” Grimdin said. “My father, Gor, have he come and visited you lately?”
The question startled Albert. “That good dwarf,” he said. “I haven’t seen him for a long time. He seldom visited us after he had got himself more involved in the Leatherond traits. I miss his talks,” Albert said, and studied Grimdin’s expression. There was sadness in Grimdin’s eyes. Steven could see it. “What is the matter?” Albert said.
The dwarf took in a deep breath, “I am looking for him.”
“Gor is missing?” the king sounded concerned.
“One night, I received his belongings in the Beyond Lands. His personal journal was there, too. I still do not know who sent it to me. I never heard of him ever since his travels. Something has happened and someone wants me to find him. I am here for that.”
Albert looked astonished. “I am sorry to hear of such news,” he said, “Once all of this is ended, I will attend to this business at once. I assure you, my good friend. Your father and the Mighty Dwarves are fine people who helped us in times of need. I won’t let you be alone in this.”
“Thank you,” Grimdin said.
“What a fine coincidence that you met with this lad, then.”
Grimdin seemed engaged in some thoughts, and Steven began to feel as if he knew what was going on in the dwarf’s head. “I doubt this is the work of coincidence,” Grimdin said. “There is more to all of this.” He stood up and said, “Steven, I believe the time has come for us to leave.” 
Albert picked an apple and threw it at Steven. “There,” he said as Steven caught it, “carry some food with you.”
Steven looked at it. “Only one? We need more.”
Albert laughed. “Help yourself, then.” 
Steven threw the apple at Grimdin, who grabbed it. “Come, carrier of the bag,” Steven said to the dwarf.
Grimdin laughed as he approached. And they started adding several apples, peaches, and some small pieces of bread. Then, they came back to the spring, and drank from it and washed their faces for a new start to a new journey. Grimdin took a leather bottle from his pack. It was round and marked with burnt grooves of many circles and intertwined lines. He filled it with water and handed it to Steven. “There you go, my friend,” Grimdin said. “You can carry this.”
Steven fastened it across his body and stood next to Grimdin, ready to go.
“We thank you, kind king of Agragort,” Grimdin said, bowing, with Steven quickly doing the same. 
“Thank you,” Steven said.
“May you return safely and with great success.” Albert smiled and waved his farewell to them as they departed into the woods, following the length of the golden chain.

15.
The chain took them deeper into the woods. The farther they followed it, the smaller Albert’s clearing became in the distance behind them. Steven walked on one side of the chain, while Grimdin lumbered along on the other, their hands following the chain and feeling its chilled, smooth texture with the tips of their fingers.
“So I am a grumbler?” Steven addressed Albert’s opinion of him with a smile.
Grimdin said nothing.
“It’s fine, Grimdin. I agree. I sometimes push it too far.”
“No, you are not, really. You just worry too much for the good to happen.”
“Well, that’s a nice way to say it.” 
“I pray you find a place in your kind heart for Olden and his work,” Grimdin said.
Steven nodded. He turned his head up to the sky and found the moving bright mist under the dark night buzzing with a mysterious and yet intriguing sound. “The shimmering lights. Strange, don’t you think? When this light turns red, that means Albert has declared his love for Dorthia?” Steven felt impressed by the magic in this place. “So from white to green and slowly to blue, and if we came some other day, it might have been yellow or orange … before it finally turns to red.”
“It is good that you have stayed,” Grimdin said. “There is more in you that you have yet to prove and yet more to learn.”
The words made Steven proud of himself and stirred within him a feeling of happiness that he couldn’t hide. He smiled to the world.
As they went on, the shimmering lights sagged east, and Steven wondered how they could stroll along under a dark sky, and yet somehow the forest seemed magically lit—as if the night was a day disguised in a black robe.
“This king is a true Romeo, I tell you that,” Steven broke the silence.
“What is Romeo?” Grimdin nudged a brow.
“Oh. You don’t know?”
“Know what?”
Of course he didn’t, Steven thought. “Romeo … and Juliet, they are people, and they were in love,” Steven explained.
“Ah, and how much do you want for this tale?”
Steven laughed. “It’s okay, this one is for free.”
Grimdin didn’t seem amused, so after Steven cleared his throat, he started his tale.
“Well,” he said. “It ends like this. Romeo was one of those people who died for his love—Juliet.” He nodded as if he knew them very well. “They wanted to flee together, so Juliet had to leave her family, and to do that, she drank a drug that would make her sleep and yet make the people think she was dead.”
“You mean, feigning death,” Grimdin remarked.
“Well.” There was a surprise on Steven’s face. “Yes,” he said. 
“Go on, what happened next?”
“But Romeo thought she killed herself, so he drank poison and joined her in death. When Juliet woke up and saw Romeo dead, she couldn’t contain her grief, so she did the same as he.”
“What do you mean?” Grimdin asked, shock on his face.
“She killed herself.”
“What!”
“Yes, she did. Their love was great, and they both died for the same cause.”
“That is a sad story,” Grimdin said, looking down as he ran his fingers along the chain’s sleek and polished surface.
“Good stories always end with sadness,” Steven said with a nod.
“A sad ending makes a whole story sad even if it was in a good one.” Grimdin looked up at Steven. “This journey will have a better ending. I sense that.”
I hope so, Steven thought. And then not a moment later, Steven continued. “Romeo and Juliet was written by William Shakespeare, one of the masters of English literature. And he was a great poet,” Steven said with a tone of admiration.
“So he is like us,” Grimdin said. “He speaks from the heart and acts from the mind.”
“Well I know for certain he was taller than your people, and he certainly did not grow a beard as long as yours. Actually I don’t know if he even had a beard.” Steven smiled. “But other than that, he is as you said and maybe more. That is the same play I told you about. The one we are doing for our final year at college. You remember?”
“Hmm?” Grimdin squinted an eye. He stopped. “How interesting. My mind tells me something. Something I have not thought of before,” Grimdin sounded curious. A playful look on his face. “Tell me, Steven,” he said, “is Clarice in your play, too?”
That was a surprising question. Steven’s first reply stuck in his mouth. He did not want to lie. “Yes,” he said. Not feeling shy anymore.
“Good.” Grimdin nodded. His smile got Steven curious. Grimdin did not comment any further. He said: “I hope we end this soon and you go back and show the same Steven you showed me here. That boy has the courage of bulls and the mind of a fox, I tell you that.”
Steven couldn’t contain himself. He laughed with tears.
But then, Grimdin stopped and stared at Steven, silent and alarmed.
Have I offended him? Steven thought. He revisited his actions.
Grimdin, though, focused his gaze on the chain. “Did you feel that?” the dwarf asked, nodding down at the chain.
At first Steven didn’t know what the dwarf meant. But then he looked down and saw Grimdin’s hand feeling the chain, barely touching it. So he ran his fingers along the cold texture of the gold. Watching Grimdin’s eyes, alarmed and skimming the forest around them, after few seconds, Steven felt it: a faint, persistent vibration coming through the chain. 
“I feel it,” he said.
“It’s Roargorth,” Grimdin turned serious now.
It seemed as if the vibration of the chain drummed into Steven’s heart and rushed blood to his head, triggering his wild imagination: a dwarf the size of a young bear, with a long beard and ragged arms, grabbing hard at the chain’s rings with one hand and beating it with the golden mallet in his other, scowling as his blows burst out the heat into sparks on every cry of the metal.
How hard someone’s hammer blows must be to vibrate all the way to them, Steven swallowed. He shook his head of this vision. “This means …,” Steven whispered. “He is a strong and dangerous dwarf.”
“He is a Mighty Dwarf, one whom we call the Mights!” Grimdin whispered, as if Roargorth would hear the insult. “This means …” He eyed the gleam of the chain in the distance, then continued from under bushy eyebrows, “We are getting close.”
The words sounded definite, like a declaration of war, signaling the point of no return. Steven felt the gravity of the upcoming test of confidence, of faith and patience. That furtive fate lurking at the end of their road did not seem inviting. He wanted to inquire about the true nature of the Mighty Dwarfs, but he sensed from Grimdin that he did not want to talk about them.
They went on for a while in silence until Steven changed the topic. “I’m sorry that Albert did not know anything about your father,” he said.
“He’s fine. I can feel it in my heart that he’s well. I have a stubborn father,” Grimdin said. “He must have caused himself some serious trouble, though.”
Steven could sense how worried Grimdin was. “I hope you find him after all this is over,” he said, and didn’t comment further on the subject. “What do you think Albert meant when he said that we would face ‘your love and greatest fear’?”
“I do not know, but we should be ready to face anything.”
“So what is your greatest love, Grimdin?” Steven asked.
“Ah. Many. Hard to say. Storytelling maybe. I believe it is where my love lies,” Grimdin said.
“Hmm? So not your wife and children,” Steven found himself obliged to ask. 
“For certain they are…even though my wife passed away few years ago, I still cherish her in my heart with the most passionate affection. My boys and girls, well they grew up and they are all now on their own, away; busy with their families. I see them every day. But they are not there at the same time. It’s life. I love them all, and I also love storytelling just the same,” he smiled.
Steven felt sorry for Grimdin’s loss. He wanted to say something, but Grimdin interrupted.
“How about you, master Steven?” Grimdin said. “What do you love and fear?”
It was nice hearing the sound of “master” before his name; it made Steven feel like some … strong dwarf … or human hero of old. “Well,” he wondered about Grimdin’s question. “I don’t know what I’m afraid of,” he said, and went on thinking about what he loved the most. What would it be? he pondered, and lingered with his thoughts.
“It’s hard to know what they are,” Grimdin said. “I myself not so sure of what I love and fear. Such things shy from revealing themselves to us. They bury themselves under our skin and thoughts and hide there. They are the secrets that we don’t speak. They are also the dark selves that we keep. Those things are shrewd, my friend. They define us.” 
Steven didn’t know how to take those words. They seemed mysteriously dark. 
Grimdin, however, went on: “But let them be, I say. For their hideout shall not remain concealed any longer. Oh yes they won’t. Our journey shall reveal to us what they are!” the dwarf said confidently with a grin.
Steven wasn’t sure if he liked how that sounded or not. He was caught by that talk, and it led him to something else. Now that he was seeing things from a new perspective, it was more in deciding if he should pursue his dream of becoming a doctor or, should he stay back at Amberhill team up with his father. “Grimdin?” he finally said.
“Yes Steven?”
“Would you rather live to see yourself bringing your father’s dream down, or would you live seeing yourself doing something you’re not sure you want to do for the rest of your life?”
Grimdin was perplexed. “My dear boy, why do you ask questions that pain my stomach and confuse my mind? A question like this requires a great deal of energy to be spent, and we have very little food on us to use. We are in a charming forest; in a magical land, so leave your thoughts to sway rather in a charming place. My heart wants a great lot of meat and drinks in this moment, and some good songs to sing along. Have some sympathy for my age and long beard.” And then, Grimdin laughed loud, while Steven, who didn’t expect such a reply, was amazed. 
“Dear friend, honestly, I do not know,” Grimdin breathed the words out. “I really don’t. We dwarves never take such matters in this regard. For us, our dwarven blood comes first. But your face tells me you have been eating your brains on these thoughts for a while, so I’ll have some pity,” he said, and then went on after he sighed helplessly. “Let me brief you with an answer, and relieve your brain from your grueling companionship. Your father won’t live to see you stop him from reaching his desires, if he did; then know this; his ambition is not an honest, true one. I tell you that! So do not pride yourself for being so important and vital in someone else’s dream. He shall pursue it whether you board his ship or not. As to you, I have lived a few days with you to learn how troublesome you become if you do different than what you wanted. For you father’s well-being—and your brains—pursue your desires with no guilt or shame.”
Steven didn’t know what to say. What the dwarf suggested about Steven’s nature wasn’t something pleasant, and yet Steven found it hard to protest. He couldn’t decide should he defend himself, for somehow in these words there was a reality he wasn’t expecting to confront. In fact, when he pondered, he realized he was now face to face with his own self, and it was weird. He looked at Grimdin, still wondrous about everything. He had to admit, however, that Grimdin had a way to things that no person did. He looked ahead and thought, Was I considering myself so important as Grimdin said?
“Did you understand what I mean?” Grimdin said.
“I did.”
“Good,” Grimdin said, “But must you know that you are so because you worry too much. Ease it down, my friend. Take it from someone who still struggles in doing so.” He winked an eye under a genuine smile.
You are right, I shouldn’t complicate things more than I have. Steven thought. “Thank you, Grimdin,” he said.
“You are most welcome.”
And as they moved farther along, a white dot appeared in the distance and they hastened their pace. Soon the white dot grew larger and Steven thought it appeared to be another big boulder, like the one near Albert.
Upon reaching it, they saw that the golden chain went through the massive rock, then gradually ascended from the opposite side. The chain went upward gradually as they followed alongside it on the other side of the boulder. As they went on, the chain went higher and higher, and it kept on climbing into the air until it crossed over Grimdin; almost reaching Steven’s head. 
When Steven looked over at Grimdin next to him, he saw the dwarf was bobbing his head in a merry mood. The dwarf’s eyes smiled. He didn’t turn to Steven; instead he was focused ahead, swinging his hand back and forth like a marching soldier. His lips parted and he sang a song that brought Steven out of his worried thoughts.
 
 “Hail to the kings of the ancient keep,
Left in the dungeons: the Heights Deep.
Garom and Shom and Jon and Hon:
Axe and mace and rock and gem.”
 
And then Grimdin turned to Steven and gave that lovely smile of his as he raised his hand in the air and went on:
 
“We broke the crown of Tov the wise.
And killed the tall-men general’s pride.
They locked us in Finigrath: the Nine Trolls Gate,
To punish us within the dark earth traits.
 
But raise the rings of metal and steel.
Oh! Oh! Ding-ding!
The wars are here.
 
We harkened cries in dungeons below,
Of men plundering as they go,
And when their gold turned to dust,
We had it gleam within the crust.
 
Oh! Oh! Ding-ding!
Their wars were lost.
 
So hail to the kings of the ancient keep:
Garom and Shom and Jon and Hon.”
 
Grimdin’s eyes still smiled at Steven’s baffled and amused look. Not only that, Steven enjoyed seeing Grimdin in such a mood. His beard waved right and left as he chuckled. Then he motioned toward Steven, as if inviting him to sing and express himself. “Yes, my friend. Let’s sing along our road,” Grimdin said as he signaled at the path ahead.
Somehow, the intensity of the atmosphere and situation had been broken by the verve of Grimdin’s song. And Steven sang it in a way that “Oh! Oh! Ding! Ding!” kept ringing in his head still.
“We sing all the time, my good friend: in hardship, in happiness, in sorrow, and in death,” the dwarf said. “That’s the manner of the dwarves. That’s the manner of the Reddrons and all the folks with beards.” Grimdin laughed.
“The Reddrons?” Steven said, recalling that Albert had addressed Grimdin as a “Dwarf of Reddronar.”
“Ah,” Grimdin said and raised his beard; holding it from the ring at its bottom. “This my friend is the ring of Reddronar. We alone can forge it in this manner.” Steven leaned across to notice the ring. It was bronze, and the tiny engraving of axes and dwarves were of gold. Grimdin let go of the ring, the beard swayed then settled on his tummy. “I am Grimdin, son of Gor—we are the Reddrons dwarves.” Grimdin waved at his russet beard again as if the name had to do with its color. “We descend from Garom himself, and we keep his broken crown with us.” Grimdin’s pride beamed from his face. “I know you know little about us, but once all this is over, I shall tell our stories. Starting from the wars we had alongside men, to the wars we had against them. They are nasty stories. But good for tea!”
Steven nodded. “I’m looking forward to it,” he said, and bowed. “I am honored to be with you, master dwarf.”
“The honor is ours.” Grimdin said, then clapped his hands and added: “Sing, young Steven, sing the songs you sing in Amberhill, sing the songs you become merry with. We welcome the day with a song of light, and we bid the sun good-bye with a song of dark, and when the gold gleams and gems shine, or happiness or sorrow takes us away, we sing this song, the song of the kings who we hail to.”
Steven felt he was in the company of a legendary person already, someone who could be read about only in stories and tales. Amazing. His grin never departed his face.
“Sing your songs, Steven,” Grimdin pressed. “Sing them to me?”
There was no song that could match Grimdin’s. Steven didn’t know what to sing. He felt the pressure now. He didn’t know any songs as legendary, as ancient, as emotionally deep that told the tale of their times. And Grimdin waited with anticipation in his eyes. Thus, in an attempt to share and not to let his friend down, Steven skimmed his memories for anything that might sound unique and original, and…he clapped. That’s the one.
“Well, we have one,” Steven said, excited. “One that we sing when we see the night.”
“Sing it to me,” Grimdin said, eyes wide, growing impatient.
 “Twinkle, twinkle, little star,
How I wonder what you are.
Up above the world so high,
Like a diamond in the sky,
Twinkle, twinkle, little star,
How I wonder …
What …
You …
Are!”
 
Grimdin’s beard jiggled, his eyes twinkled, and his mouth gaped a silent laugh at the tone and the lyrics he’d heard. Steven laughed along with his friend so much that soon both their eyes cried out their joy and happiness.
“A lovely song, master Steven … a lovely song indeed, my friend,” Grimdin said. But then, Grimdin ceased his laughter and pointed toward something ahead in the distance. “There…look there.”
Steven turned his head up and followed the chain as it shimmered and gleamed stronger as it went through the tree leaves and toward the hazy bright, brown surface ahead of them.
“It must be the end of the forest,” Grimdin said.
They hurried through the bushes until the heat met them first. Soon grains of sand freckled Steven’s shirt and Grimdin’s brows and beard. Ahead of them was a sea of sand, blowing in the wind. Dunes rolled along in a slow, wavy motion, looking like they changed and moved from place to place: the small dunes grew bigger and shaped big hills, while the bigger ones grew to the size of tents. Many others blew away into dust and flew with the wind to rest on other spots.
The wind blew in all directions, as if it was lost and confused in finding its way out. Steven watched the chain. It went on endlessly into the desert, rising up gradually through the blizzard.
In the face of the storm, Grimdin and Steven stood bewildered. There wasn’t any road visible, and the place was consumed by sand and dust. Steven leaned closer, covering his mouth with his hand. “What are we going to do now?” he said in a loud voice. “We’ll never see the chain above us with all this sand blowing around, Grimdin,” he said, a bit louder now.
“True … but there must be a way to overcome this,” Grimdin said. His eyes studied the movement of the dunes. One hand stroking his beard while the other resting over the pommel of an axe, seemingly not caring about the heat or the sand that peppered his beard.
Steven walked along the boundary of the grass and sand, his hands covering the side of his face where the heat blew in from the desert. He searched for another way through, but he returned, dragging his failure with him.
“It’s useless,” he said and rested on the ground next to the dwarf, stretching out his legs and leaning on his elbows at the edge of the forest. 
“Don’t lose faith now,” Grimdin said. “There must be a way.” 
Steven drank from the leather bottle, and passed his hand to offer it to Grimdin. Grimdin had a small drink, and then pulled out an apple for Steven and another one for him.
“Now what?” Steven had a bite. It was crunchy, from some sand.
Grimdin gave no answer. He was busy nibbling his apple. For a while there, they sat helplessly; watching the hope for their journey blowing away like dust in the wind. 
Steven crunched the last bite, and threw away the chomped apple. “So…now what?” he said.
“I don’t’ know,” Grimdin replied, mouth full. “Finished already?” 
Steven shrugged. “I guess.” 
Grimdin finished with the apple fast, then got a pair of peaches out of his pack. And they went on with it, fast, like in a contest.
For a while, they sat useless and helpless, until Steven felt something accumulate inside in body. He waited, but as the waiting grew longer, he couldn’t hold himself. “Oh, shoot.” He looked behind him at once.
“What is it?”
“I need to…” Steven pondered for the right word. Then he said it: “piss.”
“To what?”
It wasn’t time for Steven to elaborate. He hurried behind a bush, and sprayed the grass below. When he came back, Grimdin had got the idea, and he said, “Very well, then. Me too, a quick piss to light myself.” And he went behind another bush.
Steven had his laugh and lazed back, keeping the leather bottle on his chest. He thought now of his music player and his songs. Somehow, his love for Amberhill returned with deeper affection. I really miss home, he confessed to the dark sky. But his sight got blocked by the dwarf’s face. Grimdin had craned his head over Steven’s face. His beard had almost touched Steven’s nose as he did, so Grimdin pushed it to his chest; looking upside down in Steven’s sight. Grimdin grinned: “That was a good relief. Praise the lords we had to free the water in our guts, what would have been if it was for food?” He gave a troubled look. “We sure aren’t prepared for that.”
Steven forgot how to think. A laugh stuck in his throat, and then he let it out loud. Grimdin was great fun. 
The dwarf winked, and stepped toward the sand, “So…,” he said before he came to a halt. “Dear me!” He jumped up and turned to Steven, “There it is!” he pointed at the sky.
“What?” Steven sat up, puzzled. “What is it? Where, where?”
“There. Do you see it?” 
“Where?” Steven jumped to his feet. He saw nothing. Only a dark sky. 
The dwarf pointed east, at the sky above the desert, and cried aloud: “Up above the world so high, like a diamond in the sky!”
Startled at hearing the words from the dwarf, Steven tilted his head up to where Grimdin pointed: a long white cluster of stars formed a wobbly path under the night sky. Thicker than the shimmering light, it came from the east and sagged toward the south.

16.
The chain reached upward from above them and disappeared far from the cluster of stars. Steven pointed at it. “But it does not follow the direction of the chain.”
“I am certain,” Grimdin said. His finger traced the stars’ length until it touched the edge of the forest in the east. “Come, we must hurry.” Then he ran east, along the edge of the forest.
The wind’s howl became louder, as if they were running into a loud noise. Their eyes, though, never strayed from the clusters of star. It grew closer and closer until it sat right overhead. 
Steven turned and saw the chain’s gleam disappear into the tempest’s dusty wind. He pointed at it for Grimdin to notice how far they were from the chain, but the dwarf scraped the dust from the ground with his feet. The twilight path bricks appeared from under the bed of sand. “Look,” he shouted while the storm howled. “It’s the path.”
Steven nodded.
Grimdin stared ahead. “This must be it.”
It was indeed their only clue, for ahead of them the sand blizzard blew hard and rolled away the dunes in the other direction—far from where the assumed twilight path stretched. So far this seemed the only way. 
Grimdin tucked his beard into his shirt. He fastened his pack and axes, and offered his hand. “Let me carry the bottle from here; I will keep it safe in my pack,” he said.
After Grimdin had what he asked for, the dwarf plodded ahead.
I hope this is the right way, Steven prayed. He imagined the desert swallow them in its heat and sand. 
But after taking just a few steps, Grimdin stopped in a sudden. 
“What’s wrong?” Steven yelled.
Grimdin looked at his friend with an inviting grin. “You go first.” He motioned for Steven to lead the way. 
Steven looked ahead: the wind whipped as hard as ever. He pondered for a moment, then turned to Grimdin, and back at the storm. “Ah!” Now, he knew what Grimdin meant. “It’s always a problem when dragging children along.” He figured Grimdin would forgive him for being sarcastic, especially since Steven knew he would serve as the dwarf’s windshield. “Come, my bearded child.” Steven walked ahead then turned and saw Grimdin fall in and plod along behind him, stuffing his beard farther into his shirt, then smiling up at Steven as he shielded himself from the wind.
For a moment the wind came hard at them from the sides, then it curved and blew stronger from behind, forcing them to step rapidly to avoid falling on their faces. Then they would have to plod against its gust as it pushed them backward. But the wind never rested: it came again from their sides and pushed the dunes toward them, only to see them go the other way from an opposing wind.
Looking behind, Steven saw Grimdin’s fingers curled tightly around his trousers. Somehow, being together in this state had combined their weight and helped them remain better grounded. And they forced their way ahead, Steven bent forward and covering his face with his hands.
“Do you see anything?” Grimdin cried from behind.
“NO!” Steven shouted, sand flying into his mouth.
The path curved, and as they followed it, Grimdin pushed himself forward to plod by Steven’s side. He tugged at Steven’s shirt and pointed up. Steven looked up to where the dwarf pointed: the golden chain appeared again, hardly waving. It seemed that the wind was not as strong above as it was on the ground.
Great! Steven nodded.
They kept trudging along until the wind finally calmed down. Slowly, the desert disappeared ahead, and soon the desert fell behind them, and the heat turned into a refreshing, brisk breeze, blowing away the bed of sand from the twilight path and revealing its charming colors—although it still created a curtain of dust, and it blocked their view of what lay ahead.
Grimdin took out his beard from under his shirt and stroked out the specks of sand from it. He shook his head to clear away the sand that yellowed his hair—like a dog would shake the water from his body after a swim. 
When they passed through the dusty, thin cloud in front of them, they saw the castle. From the endless east to endless west stretched a thick wall, but not of bricks or stone or wood—rather some billowing substance. It was hard to tell if the wall was made of clouds or water or smoke, for the substance swarmed within the castle wall in the same way that the magic door had been transformed. It looked like … some dark clouds trapped within a wall of green ice. And wrapped around it were leafless branches, some sleek and others thick. The branches crawled along the wall’s length, railing its top with many arched curls. They sprang out from the black veins of white marbled pillars, which served as a support for the castle’s gate. 
“Wow,” Steven whispered. He noticed the sand had dissolved into a damp, dark soil covered with grass and jasmine and many small bushes of bright green leaves. To their left, a lone tree stood tall with many twisted branches, and its bark was cracked as if it hadn’t drunk water for ages.
The twilight path stretched alongside the garden and disappeared behind the castle’s gate. It was made of dark teal steel and crowned with an arched railing. The entire gate was covered in intricate engravings, and joining its doors together was a golden knob, with a golden keyhole under it.
Above them stretched a cloudless sky—no sun, no moon, yet lit by some furtive light that seemed concealed far away. The dawn reminded Steven of an adolescent’s cheek blushed with love. Its colors blended with the warm shades of the dusk, softening the place with shades of gentle blue, orange, pink, and purple.
Behind the dark walls and under the soothing sky stood the mighty hold of Dorthia. The golden chain reached up to an ivory tower, and it lost its sparkle as it disappeared into a tall, dark, arched window bordered with green shrubs and freckles of jasmine buds, located at the top of the tower under a tiled roof. To the right of the large tower stood smaller ones with flat ramparts. From afar they looked like a staircase made for giants to walk on. On the left side of the ivory tower was a shorter tower dressed in green shrubs.
Steven wondered as he saw a wide entrance, located halfway up the smaller tower. Is that what I think it is? he thought, for the entrance opened to what looked exactly like a cliff. It was crowned with tall, sleek trees, and from its peak a beautiful waterfall splashed down that its water glistened as it fell and became like a transparent curtain, fluttering with the colors of the sky before disappearing behind the castle walls.
Grimdin and Steven stood in silence, awed at the sublime expanse and the magical place, as if this place was oblivious to the aging wheel of time. Yet, Steven sensed a strange energy coming from the castle. The presence of a fervid will, bound with some mysterious force, seemed to warn him from advancing, and at the same time, it drove his curiosity to proceed. It was something hard to neglect, puzzling to understand, and so interesting to explore.
Grimdin broke out of his amazed state and crept forward. Steven followed, still dazzled beyond belief, as if the castle seemed to beckon him toward it.
“This is a true magic,” Steven said.
“The love within this darkness is beautiful. How could an evil person spellbind such a realm?” Grimdin wondered aloud. “Yet,” he warned, “our lives count on careful steps, so let us be wise, my friend.”
Steven nodded and pointed to where the golden chain reached into the only window in the ivory tower. “I guess we know where Roargorth is.”
The dwarf said nothing. He plodded forward to the gate.

17.
Grimdin studied the gate with keen eyes. Its golden knob had a dark purple diamond. It stimulated his curiosity. The intriguing, faint gleam that came out of it was somehow familiar. He touched its hard surface with his finger, dazzled to find such a gem in this place. 
“What is it?” Steven asked.
“The Murk Drop Diamond,” Grimdin whispered while observing his surroundings, alarmed. 
“Isn’t this the same diamond like the one on that dagger you carry?”
“Yes,” Grimdin said. How is this here? How could it be? Grimdin inspected the gate once more, warned by his instinct. Much has been told about the Murk Drop in the dwarfs’ world that it belonged to legends. Legends Grimdin’s father hunted for years. His heart couldn’t stop beating at its sight. Was his father here, too? Grimdin thought. 
A Murk Drop that belonged to someone would unearth the darkest and shrewdest self of that person, only that, it would happen through the object it contained. There was no telling what they would encounter inside the castle. Something would unfold itself to them and binds them into a path of destruction. This object possessed strange force that when applied to anything, it commanded it like the mind would to the body—a mind that could sense other’s hearts, and see deep into them. Retrieving the Murk Drop could take someone’s life away. Grimdin never thought he would find something like this here. 
Dorthia, who are you? Grimdin pondered for a moment. There was more about this person than what Albert had told them, and that warned Grimdin even more. “We must be careful from now on,” he said, and saw how his words alarmed Steven.
Grimdin took his big axe and pressed it against the gate along with his pack. He placed his hands flat over the gate’s center, as if he wanted to feel if a heart was beating within it. He knew how those magical doors worked, and he did not wish to open the gate yet. He wanted to glimpse what lay behind it. And on his tiptoes—for the keyhole was a little higher than he thought—he closed an eye and peeked through the keyhole.
The sky above the castle stretched almost everywhere, even under the twilight path, making it appear like a floating bridge over an endless sky. The path bent down slightly before it ended at a giant dark entrance in the base of the ivory tower.
What madness have I brought myself into? Grimdin thought. O, I thank the ground. It is yet something I can handle. Nothing to be troubled— 
But the warm-colored bricks of the twilight path cracked right then. They floated away from each other as if disjointed by a sudden earthquake. They spread farther and farther, then, like a waterfall, they trickled down into the uncertain depth of the looming sky below. Soon the twilight path gradually disappeared, leaving the castle to seemingly hang in midair. It was like a glimpse of the future; something that Grimdin feared for years; something that gave him the chills, and made him tremble.
The fear of heights had been his nightmare. He fought beasts throughout his life. Took shelter in the darkest caves. Did battle against merciless foes, but he never dared to walk an edgy road, and look down from a high spot. This was the shameful secret he kept from all his friends and family. No one knew that a dwarf existed who feared heights. It was like a bird that feared flying, or a whale that feared diving into the depth of the sea.
Even his moral obligation to proceed and help couldn’t defeat this worthless and insignificant fear that controlled his mind and body like he was some slave. He felt weak, awfully weak. He hated himself in this instant and took a step back. He followed it with a couple more steps, not believing what he was doing. 
“I—I can—cannot proceed,” he stuttered.
“What? Why? What is it? What happened? What did you see?” Steven couldn’t stand still from the shock, for the courageous dwarf—the pride of the Reddrons—trembled in fear like some cowering puppy.
At once, Steven bolted to the keyhole and peeked through it for a while. He turned. “Tell me, what did you see?” he asked. “I can’t see anything. Just a garden.”
“Didn’t you see—” Grimdin didn’t finish his sentence. His eyes darted back and forth as he looked past Steven through the gate. He couldn’t believe that Steven didn’t see what he saw.
Such a place is not meant for me, Grimdin thought. I can’t cross such a high place, I can’t. How could it be? that even I have forgotten about it, that even I have never thought of it. How could it be here, how could my greatest fear await me in this damned place?
“Tell me, Grimdin? What did you see?” Steven demanded.
“I’m sorry. I can’t,” Grimdin said.
Confusion struck Steven’s face. “You can’t be serious?”
Grimdin remained quiet. His eyes begging Steven to stop prying further into the subject, but Steven pressed on. “I don’t understand,” he said, annoyed. “We came all this way, and now you simply say that you can’t? There is nothing there. Absolutely nothing.” He waved at the gate. Face wrinkled from anger.
“I just can’t cross it,” Grimdin said. “I can’t walk over it. I can’t pass over that path.”
“Cross what? What are you talking about?” Frustration ate Steven’s patience away.
“I shall wait here for you,” Grimdin said. “I trust your will and your courage. I trust you will return back safe, but I plead, relieve me from assisting you further. I shall not walk beyond this gate. It is what I cannot do,” Grimdin said. Please do not ask, I plead you, Steven: do not inquire further!
“Dwarf?” Steven snapped. “I peeked and I didn’t see anything to be afraid of, so I do not see why you are acting like a child.” 
I’m sorry, lad, I can’t. Grimdin’s eyes made apologies instead of his words, and that added to Steven’s anger more rage. He sneered. “Fine! I’ll do as you wish, strong dwarf of Reddronar, son of Gor!” He threw out his words with disgust. “Wait here until I do you a favor and return.” Steven glared.
With no further words or scolding, Steven turned and peeked through the keyhole again, but this time the golden knob twisted and the gate unlocked, opening inward, silently and smoothly. The golden knob with its diamond stone and the keyhole split into equal halves as the gate opened, and revealed to Grimdin the twilight path floating over total emptiness.
Heartache stabbed in Grimdin’s chest. He stepped farther back as he saw no garden was on its sides. Nothing of what Steven had mentioned was there. And Grimdin felt dizzy and unbalanced in his own place, as if the ground was about to swallow him. 
“So you won’t come?” Steven said.
Grimdin shook his head; he gave no verbal reply.
“Wait here then, I will return to walk you back home. Valor of the Deep!” Steven mocked. He bent down and picked up Grimdin’s pack and took his first step through the gate.
“Wait,” Grimdin cried. “Return it!”
Steven stopped and turned. “What now?”
Grimdin’s eyes were on his pack. 
“Oh, this?” Steven patted the pack. “This nice pack will come with me.” He drew a smirk on his face and fastened the pack over his body, beholding it with admiration. “I will give it back to you, I promise.” Steven nodded with confidence. “Only after I’m done.”
“It is mine, I own it,” Grimdin growled.
“No. Sorry, it’s not yours anymore,” Steven said in a quiet, timid tone that only enraged the dwarf more. “It’s mine now.”
“Thief, dirt of men! Is this what your Amberhill has taught you? Is this what you are proud of?” His beard jiggled with his overwhelming frustration. I’ll kill you! 
Steven paused. He turned to the sky, thinking. “I believe so,” he assured with nerves seeming colder than snow. “This thing …” He brushed his hand on the pack. “… will be with me.” Then Steven rubbed his chin. “You know what?” He flipped open the pack’s flap and took out Grimdin’s journal, then waved it in his hand. “I will finish your tales with Roargorth. Maybe I find your father, and I will ask him to write in it, too. We will have tea together and find a nice ending for your tales. Maybe, ‘And he cried ever after. The end.’ How about that?”
And that aggravated the situation. It changed everything: Grimdin’s madness was in his head, controlling his mind; breaking his fear; making him behave worse than a wild beast. His teeth ground together as he slurred, exasperated like some wildcat: “I shall rip you apart, you scum of earth!”
But there was Steven’s huff; throwing Grimdin’s rage back at him, charging Grimdin even more, like tossing wood on fire. 
“So long, son of Gor,” Steven turned and walked through the opened gate without looking back, waving Grimdin’s journal in his hand, making the papers flap.
“Argh!” Grimdin stormed behind Steven, picked up his double-edged axe, and thrust himself into the air. He plowed into Steven and grabbed at him as they rolled over the path. The double-edged axe raised above him. He sat atop Steven, eyes reddened from the rage of betrayal, from being huffed at and toyed with. No one dared to touch Grimdin’s most cherished possessions, his greatest love.
But then, at the sound of a rustle and faint creaking, Grimdin snapped out of his obsessive madness and looked behind. Branches were crawling out of the white pillars of the gate, wrapping around the door. Each branch split to form an increasing number of branches until the thinnest ones curled around the golden knob, pulling the doors shut and fastening the knob firmly—trapping Grimdin and Steven inside the castle grounds.
Grimdin dashed back toward the gate, his double-edged axe reared back behind his head. He unleashed furious strokes to cut through the roots, but his sharp axe, which seemed strong enough to cut a dragon’s skin, couldn’t even scratch the sleek roots, as if they were made of magical steel.
He looked behind him and saw Steven standing up, brushing the dirt from his trousers. “Now you are in,” he said, and strolled toward the tower’s entrance, whistling a song. “Grimdin,” Steven called back over his shoulder. “Your best way out is this way.” He pointed at the dark entrance of the ivory tower, and he strolled away with the pack, leaving Grimdin’s journal lying on the path.
“You,” Grimdin yelled. Filthy men! 
Instantly his eyes examined the path, studying its stillness, calculating the distance from his journal. It was not far, quite near. But everything in him trembled. 
In that embarrassing moment, the entire world seemed wicked and dark. Everyone had turned against him, even his luck. Grimdin closed his eyes and prayed in a low voice. It was the best he could do, now. “Garom the great, Ollra my dear, Father the wise, give me courage, give me strength. Help me, I plead!”
And with that in his heart and backed by his dwarven faith, Grimdin took in a deep breath, gathered some courage, and left the gate. The bricks cracked and spread apart slowly as if his first step had started an earthquake. 
“No, no, no,” he cried, panicked with fear as Steven strolled away without an apparent care in the world.
Grimdin hastened his steps over the trembling bricks. Heart sinking with every movement, face exclaiming the end of life. The path behind him trickled away little by little, and with a quick glance back, Grimdin found himself on the edge of a dawning sky. He dashed onward and dived at his journal.
The path cracked and fell away even faster now. Grimdin jumped to his feet and ran as fast as he could, racing away from the disappearing pathway.
Steven, though, had almost reached the dark entrance. He turned back; the smile on his face charged Grimdin with more energy to reach him and grab Steven’s throat. Grimdin ran even faster. One hand held the journal, the other the weapon he would use on Steven. He sped on as if a murderous beast had been unleashed behind him.
“Come on, Grimdin.” Steven hopped backward toward the entrance, clapping as if calling an athlete to race harder to the finish line. “Faster, faster, you can do this!” He laughed.
Grimdin spotted the pathway from over his shoulder shrinking and narrowing down. He focused ahead. “There,” he cried while watching Steven cheer for him from the giant entrance to the tower. I’ll kill you! He bolstered himself with dreams of revenge. 
And on sighting the entrance, Grimdin crouched and grunted as he leaped as high and as long as he could, lifting the weight he carried along. He fell on the edge of the black marbled floor, inside the tower.
Laughter broke the silence of the place, for Steven was shaking with it. Tears filled Steven’s eyes as Grimdin gasped his reunion with life. He stood up, blushed with rage, turning the color of his beard. 
“I really can’t believe what I just saw, Grimdin,” Steven said. “I don’t know what happened out there, but seriously, a very good job … a good job indeed!” He congratulated Grimdin on his death-defying sprint by bowing and presenting him with a trophy: his pack.
Grimdin snatched it from him. His other hand shot out and grabbed Steven’s shirt. Now, eye-to-eye, breath to breath, “You,” Grimdin growled, breathing slower to gain control of himself. He swatted his hand away, throwing Steven aside.
“Grim!” Steven said. “You acted weird, I had to do that,” he added apologetically, yet with a hint of anger. “See, you’re fine, nothing happened to you. Still as round as you were.” He stood up, trying to cheer up the upset dwarf with his words.
Grimdin said nothing. His daring look made Steven glance away. He fastened his bag and turned to pick up his double-edged axe and journal, but there it was in front of him: a yawning expanse spread beyond the tower’s entrance. Grimdin mouth fell open as his eyes gazed upon at the twilight path stretching all the way from the gate to where they stood, winding its way through a beautiful garden. He murmured some curses. Now, he was more upset.
Steven cracked another laugh from behind Grimdin. “Trust me. This was really funny,” he patted Grimdin’s shoulder.
The delusion he had tricked Grimdin. “Enjoy your glory,” he muttered as he returned his journal to his pack and faced his shaking friend. He took out his leather bottle and drank from it, then put the bottle back into his pack without bothering himself to offer Steven any. “Aye, lad.” He pointed, watching Steven sweep away his tears with the heel of his palms. “Let the guardian call her and we shall find out who will laugh then.”
Steven just laughed again.
“Hush now, we mustn’t be heard,” Grimdin hissed. He looked around, and studied the hall, for now, the fun time had ended; their real task was on. Dorthia was not to be underestimated. No more negligence or impetuous responses. No more games and thoughtless actions. Their presence had diffused a strange flow of wickedness and cunning in the place that Grimdin had just tasted a drop of it.
He took his first cautious step ahead, readied and alert. 
Come what may.

18.
The hall in the base of the tower boasted a black marble floor. It had white veins that turned black as they went up from the floor and became part of the white marble walls. From each of the hall’s six corners, white marble pillars rose upward. These pillars arched and met in the center of a domed ceiling, where a huge emerald sparkled. If it were not for the giant entrance, which dwarfed Grimdin and Steven, the ceiling would have seemed only a hand’s reach away. It was strange…
“Keep your voice down,” Grimdin whispered. “These walls are traitorous.”
But there was something occupying Grimdin’s thoughts: Why did Steven not see what I feared? Grimdin wondered, what will be his love and greatest fear, then? he thought, feeling puzzled and confused. Does he not love or fear something, or is it worthless to be tested? What is it? There must be something that will break him? And when will it show itself?
“Grimdin,” Steven hissed.
Grimdin turned and saw Steven point at a step under his feet. “Look.” He pointed. 
It was a staircase, and it had blended with the marble of the wall and floor. As he focused, he could see that it was a spiral staircase, reaching toward the domed ceiling.
“I wonder where this leads,” Steven whispered.
Grimdin checked the staircase; he couldn’t spot any entryways leading off the stairs.
“Do you think the mouse has seen or heard us?”
“Hush, for he might not have,” Grimdin said. “Let’s make haste now.”
But then … what if that mouse saw us? Grimdin felt his doubts rising. 
The walk up the stairs was long. Even though the steps seemed to disappear within the wall, they were able to pick them out. No matter how many stairs they climbed, they never seemed to get closer to the ceiling. It was hard to tell if it was an illusion or real.
Grimdin checked the ground from the stair’s edge. He saw the black marble floor far below. No, I shall not be fooled again, nor shall I fall into shameful fear, he swore to himself, even though that insecurity about heights began to creep back. I must not fall for the cunning of Dorthia, nor the weakness in my heart. He turned forward again and took a few more steps upward, but he couldn’t find Steven. He vanished from his sight.
“Steven?” Grimdin said, muffling his call. “Hey, lad!” he hissed.
“I’m here,” Steven’s whispered voice came. His head popped out from a big dark vein that went alongside the wall, shadowing an entrance and making it almost invisible. “This place is amazing.” Steven disappeared again.
“Wait.” Grimdin hurried until he rammed into a wall. 
It was a dead end. To his right the big emerald seemed only a jump away, and to his left he saw a passage, blackened by the wide, dark veins on the wall.
Steven, you fool, he cursed as he heard Steven’s steps on the marble floor echo back to him, disturbing the silence that protected their presence. 
Grimdin plodded through the dark passage, this time with his hands preceding him, as if his eyes were blindfolded, taking care not to stumble into another wall. 
But, for some strange reason, Steven’s footsteps went silent. 
“Steven?” Grimdin whispered. He turned the first corner. He made the second turn, now running out of patience. Where is he? He opened his mouth to hiss for his companion, but the moment he made the next turn, he held his breath and bristled in place.
In front of him was Steven—a few steps away, standing still, facing the next bend of the corridor. He held his hand up toward Grimdin, signaling for him not to proceed.
Oh dear! Grimdin’s fingers crawled to his throwing axes. Now, he was certain that the castle guardian had not caught them sneaking. He was certain the mouse was in the castle; standing there, in front of Steven, keeping him frozen like a statue.

19.
This is bad, Steven held himself from moving. 
The mouse rubbed its nose. It stood with its long tail—longer than its body—wiggling behind it. It was a guinea-pig mouse, and with that white fluffy fur around its body, the mouse seemed as if it had been wrapped with some white misty dust. Its two hands rested over each other on its chest, and it looked comfortable and at ease, as if it had just come from a leisurely stroll.
Steven stood still. Not even changing his breathing rhythm lest the mouse snap to attention; it seemed placid. There was a golden bell fastened by a green ribbon dangling down his neck. 
Damn, not now. We’ve been lucky so far. You, mouse…go away, go, Steven thought. Please go away, But nothing happened. The mouse scampered a few steps forward then stopped.
Breaking his stillness would result in a disaster, and not moving at all would give him away. He didn’t want to risk a whisper to his friend. It was hard to know what to do at this stage. All doors were shut. 
What is he waiting for, Steven thought for the mouse did not move. It wiggled its tail, looked on with curiosity, and remained in its place. Its hand washed its face and nothing else happened until—as if the devil offered a service to the mouse—a breeze howled up from the hall, passed through the passage and past Steven. The mouse’s tiny black nostrils opened and closed more than once, and fast. It sniffed something. And then that wiggling tail ramrod straight behind it. Eyes sharp and fixed ahead.
Shit!
Steven knew it: they’ve been noticed. He had to act. Something must be done, and now, for if the mouse got away…
Steven did not want to go down that road. He glared. This mouse must be taken out either by ending its life or tying its tiny legs. Whichever it was, the mouse must be caught…now! 
On careful feet, the mouse stepped back, keeping its eyes fixed on Steven.
Steven’s challenging stares told it he was the enemy. You! He snarled, and pounced out of his petrified stance, throwing himself into the air with arms open wide. “Aaagh!” he cried.
The mouse darted at once. It slipped through Steven’s grasp and dashed down the marbled corridor. 
“Grimdin!” Steven called as he jumped to his feet and took off after the fleeing guardian.
Down the hall they raced; each one battling their own pace. Steven sprinted behind the mouse while Grimdin’s footsteps fell behind. In a zigzag motion, the mouse raced forward along the white veins that crawled over the floor, making it harder for Steven to spot. All the while its golden bell swung madly without even tinkling a ring.
A corner appeared, and the mouse darted sharply to the right. Steven dashed behind it, his eyes on the two black eyes that rolled over the white veins of the floor. The corridor came to another sharp corner. Steven sped on to save his life and Grimdin’s too. His legs were readying for his coming leap, his hands in position to snatch, and his fingers clamped for the catch. He got closer, and now, even closer: the mouse wouldn’t make it.
“You!” Steven cried, and threw himself at the mouse, who in a sudden dart, turned sharply before the corner and rammed into the wall, disappearing in a small dark tunnel, hidden within the black veins of the white marble wall.
“No,” cried Steven, slamming a fist down. “Damn this place!” he shouted, cursing the mouse as he moaned in pain.
“Did you catch it?” Grimdin said, gasping for breath.
“No. It ran away.” Steven found it hard to control himself. He cried out again from anger. “What are we going to do now?”
“Come. We’ve got no time to waste. We must hasten now!” Grimdin pulled Steven by the hand to help him stand. “Are you well?” he asked. 
“I’ll be fine,” Steven muttered, rubbing his elbows. “Let’s go.”
And they ran ahead, feeling they now had no reason to remain quiet. The pain in Steven’s elbows and knees had not subsided, but Steven ran as fast as he could, for Grimdin was right … there was no time to waste. 
Every new corner came sharper and closer than the previous one, and the dark veins that wiggled along the white marble wall curved inward gradually, fashioning a groove that looked like a long tunnel. Grimdin and Steven noticed it, but they had no time to inspect every detail with their hands. They ran even faster until the muffled sound of distant clanks came, rapid and persistent.
“This must be the right way,” Grimdin said.
Soon their distress about the mouse was overtaken by the distant echoes of metal clanking against metal. They slowed down and began creeping along again. Resonant clangs echoed in the corridor all around them. They had finally come to where the chain was being welded, to where the legendary blacksmith was imprisoned—the one whom Dorthia had bewitched with a golden mallet, the one who Grimdin feared, whom Albert warned them about, who sounded harsher and wilder than any beast or foe: Roargorth, the Mighty Dwarf.
A single arched door appeared at the end of the hallway. They trotted to it. It was a dark door with a golden knob in its center and a golden keyhole under it. The loud metal thumps pounded from behind the door as if every beat sent out a pulse through the wood. Steven and Grimdin exchanged silent warnings. They sneaked ahead to the door, hands covering their ears from the rising echo of the metal’s cry that now filled the corridor with a metallic uproar. When they stopped at the door, the clangs stopped.
Did he notice us? Steven looked at Grimdin and saw that the dwarf wondered the same thing. The growing silence plowed their insecurities out, and they exchanged their worries with just stares, until a faint beat dinned from behind the door.
“This is it,” Steven whispered.
Grimdin agreed with a nod.
Steven mouthed Grimdin a voiceless message: “I … will … look.” He pointed to the keyhole and then leaned forward with the intention of looking.
Through the keyhole a dim hall appeared. It was smallish and round. Nothing could be clearly seen except a bridge that led away from the hall, arching a bit before it dove into a sea of dark fog on the far side of the room.
What’s that? 
A sharp clank came from the hall’s left, along with a blink of light. The light kept flashing irregularly, casting the silhouette of a huge figure amid the dark fog; like a huge shadow beating something with a hammer.
Then, a spark came from within the darkness that swarmed up over the bridge. The flashing light turned into a solid beam now. It dispelled the lurking darkness over the bridge and revealed a black podium sitting not far from the edge of the bridge. The podium had a brass anvil and hanging from its horn was King’s Albert golden chain. It reached up to the anvil from somewhere Steven couldn’t see. On the other side of the podium, on the floor, was a pile of big dull rings, sitting on top of each other. The light failed to reveal to Steven any further details, and thus he was not sure if the bridges reached the hall’s end or if they went deeper.
A second later, a huge shadow was on a wall. Steven could now see it. Soon, tramps of heavy steps were heard approaching the podium. With each footfall the shadow on the wall shrank, until the figure of a rugged body loomed in Steven’s sight.
“Roargorth,” Steven whispered. Chills ran through his body. Eyes wide open to catch more details.
The Mighty Dwarf had come to sight. His body brawny and stout. His hair dark and short, and so was his beard, hardly a fist long from under his chin. His sable sleeveless shirt was opened, exposing his chest. The dark trousers were torn from the bottom so that they only reached to below his ankle. Around his waist hung a big leather belt equipped with many smithy tools, holding the trousers up, as if he had lost weight. And unlike Grimdin, Roargorth didn’t seem to have much hair on his arms or chest, as if most of it had been burned off by the heat.
“What is it?” Grimdin hissed. 
“Shhh,” Steven waved his hand. He didn’t bother to move away. He couldn’t miss a beat of what was happening.
He’s tall for a dwarf, Steven noted, even though he knew the distance could be compromising his judgment. But Steven felt certain that Roargorth stood taller than Grimdin, maybe even as tall as Steven himself. And as Roargorth trudged to the anvil and stood facing the door, Steven watched with curiosity and eagerness. In the scattered light Roargorth’s skin glistened from the sweat that slicked his tanned body. The dwarf’s countenance exuded a feeling of a ruthless, stubborn, and fearless person, steaming with hot temper and self-righteousness. He seemed to be a creature who could chew a metal nail while arm-wrestling an ox for the fun of it. 
Roargorth held onto a black clamp, its teeth clawed onto a smoldering oblong, almost rectangular ring. He rested the ring over the anvil, glaring at the heated metal as if a personal issue was about to be settled now. And with one hand, he yanked Albert’s chain off the anvil’s horn as if it weighed almost nothing. His other arm came out from behind the black podium with the golden mallet glowing in his hand. He flung the hammer upward; letting it shine in the dimmed hall like a sun trapped in a dark mist.
Sparks and glints splashed onto Roargorth’s face as if they were drizzles of water. He mashed the golden ring of the chain into the smoldered one, soldering them with twists and turns under rhythmic blows that echoed in the hall. The loud gong from the clash of metal resounded in Roargorth’s hall then seeped out through the keyhole and bounced around the corridor’s walls.
That’s when Grimdin’s arm clamped on Steven’s shoulder and swung him around. With no words or stares, Grimdin had his eye to the keyhole.
Steven said nothing, deciding to think things through. If we go in, Steven pondered, something bad will happen for sure. This is too dangerous. He considered. That glamorous ending they pursued would be harder to get than he’d figured.
Grimdin turned. “His beard, what happened to it?” he said from under his breath, looking concerned. But then he broadened his shoulders, pumped out his chest, and gave Steven a sullen glance that started the sirens of fear in his head.
“Get ready, we go in soon,” he said. His hand went to his pack, and he started gearing up for battle: he fastened his pack across himself, leaned his big axe handle in a place where he could reach it fast, and drew out the axes from his belt. 
Steven, though, struggled to agree with what Grimdin prepared to do. This was crazy. They couldn’t just walk in and plug themselves into a deadly battle with a wild beast. “He will kill us, Grimdin,” Steven whispered. “He is beyond our skills.”
Grimdin glowered, looking over Steven from head to toe. “Do not let your fear run you, lad,” he said. “I’ve seen much in this world that I talk less about, so do not take me lightly. We ought to go in now or Dorthia shall take our lives.
“Her mouse must have reached the cottage by now and called for its master to come,” Grimdin said, sounding like he wanted to end their argument. “Time is not in our favor!”
It was irrelevant to bring forth the incident at the castle gate when Grimdin had been scared, for Steven knew he did not want to argue. But Grimdin was right: they had no chance but to proceed.
But this is madness.
“Take this.” Grimdin drew out for Steven the legendary dagger that he’d used only once thus far on their journey. It was more like a scalpel with a dagger features. “It’s Gor’s dagger. It will keep you in his strong arms and wisdom,” he said.
Steven was surprised: the dagger had belonged to Grimdin’s father. 
There was no choice, now. Steven had faith in Grimdin. He felt his stomach protest to that with a sharp contraction. But he had to set his mind on the seriousness of their task and hold tightly to the little courage he had left. “I will return it back once all this is over,” he promised. “What should I do?”
“We split apart. Go the opposite way I go and keep your distance far from me,” Grimdin said. “Do not fear, my good friend. I am with you, and I shall not let harm fall on us.
“Our way out of this is by confusing him, so keep the door open and watch it carefully.” Grimdin stared at Steven from under the shadows of his eyebrows. “If we fall into the fluster of battle, you are to run.”
By now, Grimdin had filled a great space in his heart by now: a space that that’s kept for the dear ones and those of great respect. The task ahead of them weighed heavy on Steven. “Understood,” he said. He took a deep breath and nodded. He gestured to Grimdin that he would look, now, then leaned to the keyhole; closing an eye and widening the other. God help us. I want to enter. Open. 
And the door’s lock clicked, its knob turned, and it slid slightly inward by magic.

20.
They leaned on the door and pushed. It gave way, and the trapped air gushed out into the hallway. The whole place grew brighter now than it had when Steven saw it from through the keyhole, as if it were lit by a thousand candles. 
On the left side a big boulder sat at the end of another bridge. It was a forge, and it mouthed flames and heat and light into the hall while a dark iron shutter was slid downward, keeping the forge open. 
They took their first careful steps. The dark fog that loomed behind Roargorth warned of some furtive trap. Grimdin inched ahead, not seeming as bothered as Steven was. 
“Grim!” Steven hissed, stopping the dwarf in his tracks. “I have a bad feeling about this. There must be another way.”
“Do not worry. Remember my talks,” Grimdin whispered and moved to the edge of the bridge. Steven did the same. He craned his head over and saw an immense darkness swallowing the ground. Many spikes—curled upward like hooks—scattered alongside the edge of the bridge. 
Grimdin pointed at the right side wall. There was a large arched window that did not admit any of the outside light. It allowed only for Albert’s chain to connect to Roargorth’s anvil horn.
Sweat began to wet their skin, and make it shine while Roargorth’s movements were like those of a mindless robot; unaware of anything around him. He was swept by the glow of the golden mallet, and kept sending his mallet down onto the metal rings. Grimdin led on, and Steven followed, eyes watching Roargorth. 
The Mighty dwarf sneered at the rings.
Steven stopped in his tracks and focused ahead. At first, he wasn’t sure of what he saw. But then, he saw something glinting below Roargorth’s upper lip. It was a golden tooth. And before even Steven had the chance to comment to himself, Roargorth turned the mallet handle in his fist. Now the once-smooth face of the mallet showed its spiky side. And instead of getting water to cool the new heated rings, he sent a hard strike down, transforming the smoldering ring into gold. 
Both Grimdin and Steven were struck with disbelief, though Roargorth seemed to be following a regular schedule. He gave a sly grin on a face blushed from the golden glow. From his belt, he pulled out a golden nail and placed it carefully where the new rings joined. And in a slow movement he broadened his shoulders as he lifted the mallet upward, holding it from the very edge of its pommel while glaring down at the rings. He snarled, and then swung the mallet down; thrusting the nail into the joint of rings as sparks erupted into his face.
The nail stabbed through the rings and sent out a clank louder than any of his other blows. It screeched out a siren echo, followed by a strong gush of hot air. 
Steven and Grimdin covered their ears with their hands and weapons, and shielded their heads. Steven ducked, shut his eyes. The blast passed by them…with a loud, sudden thud. Steven opened his eyes. He turned behind and saw that the gust had slammed the door shut, locking them in with Roargorth.
He turned toward Grimdin. This is bad. This is very bad! 
They had nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. With panic in his eyes, Steven turned to voice his worries to Grimdin, but he glimpsed something looming behind Roargorth, something that made him bristle in his place like a statue. His words were suddenly locked within him. 
The dark fog behind Roargorth had now cleared. Two narrow bridges forked from behind Roargorth in divergent directions; creating a wide gap in between. At the end of each bridge were two pillars pressed against the wall, and carved into each one was a furious-looking warrior, petrified, and geared for war. The one on the right held a crushing mace between its legs, and the one on the left had a giant axe.
Shit! What should we do? Steven turned back to the door: still locked and shut. He turned back to Grimdin. “Don’t go far! Stay close,” he said.
But Grimdin’s attention was elsewhere. His grip tightened around his axes as few steps separated him from the Mighty Dwarf now, and—
A loud crack came from behind Roargorth.
Chunks of rock trickled down from the pillars. Those fierce-looking warriors, earlier petrified in place, now bulled forward, pushing their bodies outside the grip of stone.
Steven panicked. Both warriors broke forth and stomped over sheets of steel and metal nails, flattening them with every step as they trudged behind Roargorth. Their terrible weapons ready in their hands. Their glares contemptuous and menacing. 
 “Do not be daunted, young man!” Grimdin said. He pulled his hand behind his head to throw his axe, but the two warriors whirred by him, tramping toward Steven as if Grimdin did not exist in their sight.
Steven looked into their dreadful eyes as they lifted their enormous weapons above their heads. They were coming for him; heading in his direction as if being pulled by magnet. He glanced down: his legs shook from the immeasurable terror. Gor’s dagger trembled in his hand. He looked up, staring at his coming death. He wanted to shout, call for help, but no words came from his mouth, only the ones in his head: Grimdin, Help me!
Grimdin cried from behind the warriors, “Run! Steven, flee!” 
But Steven couldn’t break free, like he was glued to his place by unmovable force.
While Roargorth kept hammering away, swept up in his own timeless reverie, Grimdin cried, louder and louder: “Run! Run! Run I SAY!”
I can’t move! Steven eyed Grimdin. Help me, Grimdin. Please help me! His words still couldn’t escape his throat. Do something! Anything!
And it was as if Grimdin had heard Steven’s call for help, for Steven saw his friend pull his arm back and release the axe with a strong throw, hurling it at the vigorous warrior whose axe was about to slice Steven in half. 
Whack!
The axe gashed into the stone shoulder of the axe warrior, and that mysterious force that binding Steven with his fear and onto the ground was gone.
“RUN, I SAY!” Grimdin roared as the warrior swung his axe down at Steven’s head.
Steven winced and stumbled backward. He fell on his back as the blade’s edge plummeted down, slicing air. It stuck into the floor between Steven’s trembling legs.
“MOOOVE!” Grimdin shouted.
The mace warrior had slowed to a stop. This time, both warriors’ eyes shifted on Grimdin, as if they hadn’t noticed him until his daring attempt to save Steven.
At once, Steven pushed away with his legs and crawled backward for his life. He kept backing up, all the way to the door. He got up, fiddled for the door’s knob, but it did not exist. He rose to the keyhole, peeked through it. “Open,” he said. “Open. Please open!” He wished and begged and yelled for it to open but nothing happened. There was no escape.
Steven turned around, breathing hard. He pressed his back against the door as he crouched down, and remained there helpless. 
The axe warrior snatched Grimdin’s small axe from its shoulder and chucked it away like a piece of trash. It plucked its big axe from the floor and turned with vengeance toward the dwarf.
Grunting, challenging, with no fear in his eyes, Grimdin sheathed his other small axe and drew out his double-edged one. He held it with both hands, and glared and sneered and growled a fearless taunt. “Come, you filthy fiends!”
The warriors exceeded Grimdin in size and speed. The one with his mace swung it down at Grimdin, aiming to crush him, but it struck the bridge instead and broke through its bricks as Grimdin rolled away toward the bridge’s edge. He dared the warriors with a cunning glare, challenging them to leap upon him.
Without hesitation, the mace warrior swung its mace overhead and tramped toward Grimdin’s trap. But the axe warrior stood in its place and flung its giant axe at Grimdin.
“Shit,” Steven snapped. Grimdin had been fooled. He got trapped in his own trap, for he could not roll to his left lest he fall into the void, and he could not move to his right or else the mace warrior would pitch him over the other side of the bridge with one swing of his weapon.
And like that the axe whirled while the mace warrior advanced. Steven couldn’t watch. He closed his eyes. His breath was trapped in his lungs. He opened it again, and saw Grimdin evading the flying axe with a skillful parry. The axe passed Roargorth and got stuck in the thick wall of the hall.
The mace, Steven called within himself. He rose to his feet. “Grimdin watch out!” he cried, but this time Grimdin was late. The crushing mace was already hurtling toward his chest.
Grimdin wrenched his axe with a growl to shield his chest.
Smack!
The mace rammed into the axe and catapulted Grimdin close to the podium, where he fell right next to his weapon. Blood smearing his lips.
The warriors advanced. Grimdin stood on trembling feet and hands. In that moment, Steven realized what would happen. He could see it in Grimdin’s eyes, that even though the dwarf would never surrender, he too knew what would happen, for the warriors had tramped, and they had reached him, and they had come to him for one thing only, the thing that Steven couldn’t bare to acknowledge, and he couldn’t stand any longer to watch. 
That fear that grounded Steven’s flesh and courage meant nothing to him. His life meant nothing. His friend: that kind dwarf, the wonderful poet who held in his heart amazing tales, whose kindness was above any person, who gave him a chance, and whose bravery was hard to rival, needed his help. Steven felt it in his heart, moving him with rage, with love, with compassion. 
“You!” Steven cried, wanting to distract the devious warriors from his friend, but the axe warrior was towering over Grimdin. His hand reached down to him.
“GRIMMMDIIIIIIIN!” Steven yelled.
As the name echoed in the hall, Grimdin looked up, his shaken hand hadn’t reached his axe yet. It was too late to react, too late to escape, for the warrior grabbed Grimdin by his throat, and picked him up above its head. Grimdin screeched, and the warrior squeezed harder, that Grimdin’s legs kicked in the air. His hands fought to break the stone fingers choking him. 
“No!” Steven cried from behind.
But there it was. When Steven’s eyes met his friend’s, he saw them placid; he saw them dying. That soft, loving smile of farewell on Grimdin’s lips was unbearable. It was unfair.
“You can’t!” Steven cried, his face glazed with tears. “You can’t surrender!”
But what could a man possibly do to a cruel fate that had no emotions…that shared no friendship, that known no love. 
The axe warrior swung his hand and threw Grimdin into the deep, dark abyss behind Roargorth, sending Steven down to his knees, and ending Grimdin’s journey with tears.

21.
Steven’s teardrops fell on his hands. Gor’s dagger—the only thing Grimdin left him with—was clutched in a hard fist. That farewell flashed in his head. He couldn’t forgive himself for being helpless, for cowering while Grimdin fought for their lives, for being like a tantrum-throwing child when he had to be a brave man. It was hard to bear this heavy burden, this deep wound. Nothing could replace the space Grimdin had filled in his heart.
“It can’t be,” Steven said, eyes swelled with tears. He lifted his head; fixated on the axe warrior ahead. “I’ll kill you!” he growled, and stormed ahead.
The mace warrior intercepted him and swung his weapon. Steven slipped under it and scooted toward the murderer. He sprang forward and threw himself onto the rugged figure of the axe warrior’s back. “DIE!” Steven yelled, grabbing its shoulder with one hand and sending Gor’s dagger into the rocky flesh with the other. He hacked it over and over again, crying with every stab, determined to kill it.
But there seemed to be no heart inside that statue. Steven’s wallop was insignificant. The warrior reached over its shoulder and snatched Steven by his shirt. It swung its hand like a whip and slammed Steven hard onto the ground, causing pain like a migraine. 
It was as if the warriors were bonded by the same devious will, as if controlled by the same mind. The mace warrior was there. Its stony feet landed next to Steven’s face. He eyed the beast, who loomed over Steven with its weapon above its head. Steven glared despite his state. He growled at its cold, dead face, not afraid anymore, not sensing that useless fear. He sneered at the warrior with contempt, and dared it with courage, he knew there no was escape for him; no one there to help him, and he received his death with a cry that resonated in the place: “KILL MEEEEE!”
The crushing mace whooshed through the air.
Steven’s hands came up to protect his face.
“Unistrin DOON!” commanded a voice. 
Everything ceased from motion. Even the mace’s downfall; even its hurried sound.
Steven released his hand shield. Just above his face hovered the deadly mace, and beyond the weapon, he saw the soulless faces of the warriors, staring down at him. He scooted backward as fast as he could, using both hands and legs to push himself along. His mind couldn’t focus, as if it couldn’t process the reality of what had happened. 
An imminent death loomed over him, yet his chest beat with life. To be saved from such merciless beasts was not an act of charming luck. Something unpredictable had happened, something with great power stopped everything. 
Steven passed Roargorth—who stood motionless, too. He stopped the moment the clinks of Gor’s dagger in his hand became sharp in his ears. He returned to his senses and looked for what saved him.
His eyes went from the petrified stone warriors and toward the door. There he saw the castle guardian standing on its hind legs in a familiar place: on its master’s shoulder—the witch who had caused all of this suffering … the lady who had saved his life: Dorthia the hag.
Her dark teal velvet gown glowed in the scattered light, and each strand of her long hair glistened as if it had been washed in a golden lake. On her chest sparkled the twinkle of a dark emerald, with carnelian string looping through it.
She walked forward and stood by her petrified warriors.
“My lords,” she said as she gently ran her fingertips over the axe warrior’s shoulder. The white mouse scooted down her arm and jumped onto the warrior’s shoulder.
“Long you have slept in my home, my lovely ones. Long has it been since you came to life,” she said to the warriors with admiration. “But I couldn’t allow you continue your work. I had to stop you there.”
Realizing that Dorthia paid him no attention, Steven slipped Gor’s dagger into one of his socks and stood up, hatred pumping his chest, and thoughts fill with the worst ideas.
Dorthia came to the paralyzed Roargorth who held to a clamp, while his other hand almost hammered the golden mallet down onto the chain’s rings.
“Power. Courage. Honor,” she said as she stepped closer to the Mighty Dwarf. The gleam of the brass anvil glowed onto her velvet dress. “How can a dwarf, so mighty, so powerful, so wise, be … so weak.” She looked down at the mallet and said: “See how my power makes you fall, King.” She touched the rings on the anvil and gazed at its golden surface as she continued: “Such strength, such stubbornness, such power in flesh … yet weak for the love of a simple, small thing…It’s magical by itself, this love is. I think, in the end, everyone falls for what they love.”
She came back to her small guardian—standing like a proud knight on the warrior’s shoulder. She tucked her fingers into its fur, and brought it gently to the ground. It scampered a few steps ahead, then stood on its hind legs, rubbing its face with its little hands. And this time when she stood straight, Steven saw her eyes fall on his. 
“To be able to defy the best of my magic and yet to be saved by me, how much luck can one person have? And how much of it should I allow you to use?” she said. “How dare a man walk into my domain, insult my guardian, and disturb my peace.” Dorthia pointed at Steven, tension rising in her tone. “Do you think you have more life than what I offered?” she said. “No, it was I who gave your life back. I! And I shall take it from you,” she said. “Who sent you here? Speak!”
Now, everything was clear. The reason that kept Steven alive was that question. Steven knew it. Answering it meant everything to Dorthia. And he would trove it in his chest, not just to save his life, but to make her suffer.
His trousers on the ankle were torn. His shirt at the elbow was smeared with blood. His shoulder and back were sore. The taste of blood from his cut lip was bitter in his mouth. He could feel the wounds, itching with pain. But, he gave them no attention. He glared ahead with contempt and hatred.
“Answer me!” she shouted. “I shall let them take your life this instant if I wish.” She pointed at her warriors. “WHO ARE YOU?”
The mouse shook at its master’s temper. Yet the same reply came from Steven, with no words, and no fear, and only hateful daggers flying at her from his eyes. In his clenched fists, his nails pinched deep into his palms’ skin. In his mind, his hands stabbed her a thousand times. He didn’t believe in luck. Hope was only for fools, and God didn’t seem to exist in his heart anymore. Now, he believed in revenge, in torturing her to the very last breath. He filled his lungs with air, spinning vengeful ideas in his head. She had to pay, and fall on her knees begging for mercy. And Steven would not show any of it.
Dorthia grew impatient. “You all are worthless beings, unfaithful creatures, I shall kill you all!” She raved.
But Steven donned his ignorance and growled in cold blood. “I do not fear your death!”
At these words Dorthia waved her hands, and the mouse screeched in its place as she pointed at Steven. “Ovan Loan!” She commanded.
The axe warrior broke out of its petrifaction and moved forward.
“You shall fear my death,” she promised with words that rumbled over the heavy footfalls of her invincible stone pet.
The warrior tramped on, now drawing closer to the blacksmith. Every stomp of its feet shook the ground, echoing to Steven a death message from Dorthia. He knew this time she would give his life no third chance, especially if he told the truth. He remained silent, staring back at the warrior with no fear.
“Who are you?” she yelled as the warrior lumbered forward. “Who sent you? Why are you here? Speak, you man.”
But Steven said nothing.
“Athar leem!” Dorthia’s words hastened the warrior’s pace. Finally reaching its target. Its hand shot out and grabbed Steven by his neck, squeezing his throat as it had done with Grimdin. 
The choking was hard to endure. The warrior lifted Steven up. His legs wiggled in the air as the stone figure traipsed to the bridge’s edge, dangling Steven over the dark void behind the anvil.
“I’ll have you talk, you brat!” Dorthia snarled. “Speak and I shall release you.”
“No … no thanks,” Steven said; he forced a smirk on his bleeding lips.
The warrior squeezed harder on Steven’s throat, and as it did Steven’s legs kicked, his hands trying to pull away the warrior’s fingers from his throat. A total blankness struck his eyes, until Dorthia said some words, which Steven could barely understand. The warrior eased his grip and weakened the taste of death. 
“Look down into my doom,” Dorthia ordered as she pointed at the abyss. “Look there into my soul, my darkness—cold and quiet. That is the truth that you shall live in. That is your death.”
Steven twisted his neck as much as he could. His eyes met the dark void below, but he couldn’t believe it. For in that dark, silent space that offered no home to the restless heart and no solace, Steven saw the real truth. It was clear and undeniable, like a shock of reality after being blinded for a long time by some illusion. He felt chills run through his neck. And this time, it gave him away, and filled his eyes with tears…tears he failed to hide.
“Ah!” Dorthia exclaimed.  “You may have felt it, you may have sensed it, but it is different when you see it with your own eyes. Without death your life is worth nothing, for it is what makes your life precious, and it is that which you love, it is that what you fear,” Dorthia said, and her tone now changed as she went on, “You shall not die; you do not deserve it. You love your life, and your courage must be well rewarded. There is a wonderful life awaiting you, I promise you that. And I will see to it that if you tell me what I want to know—only if you speak the truth to me—I shall not let you die. Tell me: Who sent you here?”
Steven did not lift his eyes toward her. He did not want to shift his sight. His eyes swept back and forth over the deep chasm, taking it all in this time. To believe what Steven saw was beyond his possible imagination. It sent a thunder-thrill into his soul, shocking his heart into rapid beats. His eyes shed a blanket of tears over his face—tears that Dorthia took as tears of fear, but which were actually tears of overwhelming happiness, of love that couldn’t be rivaled.
There, above the dark void, Steven saw a leathery strap caught on one of the rods of iron that protruded from the bottom edge of the bridge. His eyes had tracked downward as his heart melted with joy. For dangling down from the rod was his dear friend—the wonderful dwarf, Grimdin Gor, hanging for dear life by what he embraced with both hands, and what held his most precious treasure and greatest love, his leather pack.
When their eyes met, Grimdin stretched a hearty smile—a smile Steven had longed to see and one that now filled Steven with hope. With immense care, Grimdin put a finger over his lips. He winked. 
Steven understood everything. He blinked for the tears to fall, and to acknowledge his friend’s request. Yes, my friend.

22.
When revenge dies and hope returns, it comes with the willingness and determination to move on no matter what lay ahead. It brings back the meaning of life. He met his friend’s stares with equal happiness; the kind that filled his eyes with tears.
Dorthia remained blind to how Steven felt. “Do you desire to die and be lost in my darkness?” she said.
We’ve still got a chance. Steven kept his gaze below. He had to win more time. I must find a way for both of us, he thought, sharing his pondering look with Grimdin, who swayed over the abyss.
Steven pushed for an idea, for something…anything. Think, think faster … if I talk, she will kill me, for sure … If I keep quiet she might come and find out everything… dammit, think! 
The grip on his throat had loosened, but it was still painful. He could feel all the pain from the earlier fights. His mind was no longer ignorant to such things now. His rage was gone.
Focus, he urged. I cannot negotiate with her, she wants to know everything, and I can’t tell her that—not here and not now … It’s my only reason to be alive. Think, God dammit. Focus, what should I do?
The expression on Dorthia face told how eager she was for the answer. “Tell me, who sent you?” she demanded. “Tell me and I shall forgive you.”
Yeah, right, you’ll kill me the instant I speak. Please, God, I need you now. If you’re there, help me with something … anything. His eyes again glimpsed Grimdin. She does not know Grimdin is here. And the mouse saw only me. No one knows of him. There is a great chance to end this … If I could only make Grimdin slip without anyone notice…Steven pondered, fighting the persistent pain. 
Dorthia stepped forward. Steven swallowed. She said: “Tell me, tell me how—”
But then a striking thought hit him. Wait a second … yes … yes! That’s it! It’s my only chance. It’s our only way!
Dorthia had stopped talking. Her face waiting for Steven. He looked down at Grimdin. He knew Grimdin suspected something. That look on the dwarf’s face was the same as it had been when Steven turned himself into Clarice. Grimdin’s face wrinkled. His brows crossed. He shook his head. But Steven felt he had no other choice. He would do anything to get closer to Dorthia. So close that he could use Gor’s dagger and thrust it into her chest. That should work, he believed. Otherwise, he had to win Grimdin sometime. In both cases there was a chance that Steven had to take.
He shifted his gaze to Dorthia. She smiled and nodded. The tension in her eyes softened. “Tell me,” she said. 
Steven gave her a defeated and humiliated look, he was opening his mouth to speak when he shut his eyes and dropped his head, letting his hands hang loose, making his head lean aside. He was dead like a snake, and surrendered his senses to his ruse.
“You imbecilic fool!” Dorthia raved in the stillness of the hall. “Ostrin karatha!” she yelled. The warrior carried Steven like a patient in his arms, and trudged back heavily, while Dorthia’s footsteps approached.
All footsteps stopped. 
“You!” Dorthia’s voice was right on Steven’s face. “YOU!” She shook him from his shirt. His head wiggled. “Fool!” she cried and slapped Steven on the cheek. “Wake up!”
It was a cold and painful touch. But even with that outcry that could awaken the dead, Steven couldn’t dare open his eyes. Taking in the pain on his cheek was far better. He was afraid. He felt his heart would give him away. It beat so loud in his ears that Steven feared Dorthia might hear it. But he readied his hand, which hung loose; it was, however, far from his legs—where he had concealed Gor’s dagger.
“Weak beings of foul flesh, I despise you ALL!” Two cold fists grabbed Steven’s shirt, and yanked him up. “See how you are so weak that you almost lost your life because of fear.” She breathed her words in his face.
She shoved Steven back into the warrior’s lap, his head bent from behind the warriors arm, limped like a rope, painful like a flat fall on rock. Her murmuring was hurried, and she droned some magical words that made the warrior rise to its feet with Steven in its arms. Now, Gor’s dagger was somehow within his reach.
Dorthia’s footsteps started away. Steven mustered some courage. He cracked his eyes open just enough to peek at what was happening. He calculated. Everything was upside down in his sight. He could feel all the blood in his head. There was no stopping to his beating chest; still, he had to put a stop to Dorthia’s heart.
Dorthia was now by the mace warrior with the mouse standing next to her feet. “I shall make him wake up. I will make him open his eyes. I will command his mind. I will make him talk! NOW! HERE!” she said. Her hand fumbled something from the other warrior’s body that crumbs of rocks trickled down. “He will tell me everything…everything.”
What? Steven couldn’t believe it. This was not expected. 
She came back with a closed fist holding something. There were still few feet separating them. There was no escape from death if Steven missed his chance. And he waited for it. Dorthia opened her hand and threw a dusty substance in the air. She mumbled some magic words that froze the dust in the air, and made it glow. 
Such a sight sank Steven’s heart in his stomach. He forgot how to breathe. 
Her golden hair darkened and grew shorter in the process, and that made Dorthia stop immediately. All the particles drifted to the ground. She looked at her arm, concerned: it had lost its shine and luster. She pulled her hair back with care and draped it over her shoulder and onto her chest. It was matted together as if dipped in honey. She examined her dress, and it seemed that the dank atmosphere had greased her body, as if covered with sludge. Her fingers touched her cheeks that became less fair, as if a mask were being peeled off.
Her eyes fell on the mouse. They turned wild. “You!” She lunged at it; it shivered in place; terrified. “You have invited this trouble in, you lazy clump of fur. You sleep long and work less. I shall curse you into a damned rat, for that is what you are! Look at what have you done. I cannot waste all my energy here. 
“I must return back. Nothing could wake up this brat but the Phiolo,” she muttered. “I must lose one of my pets just to reach there fast. I cannot lose all that I have left in this place. A beast is less troublesome than you fool!”
It seemed as if the mouse understood every word, for it scampered away, shielded itself behind the mace warrior’s shadow.
The change of event was a relief but, What’s this Phiolo? Steven thought. That name wasn’t charming at all, nor did it help Steven imagine anything good.
Dorthia’s gaze fell on something beside Steven. Her face wrinkled into an awful grim. She trudged from Steven’s sight. And smack! The same sound of Steven’s slap echoed. She uttered the word “Ranastar.” And just like that, someone puffed air out and the clanks of rings returned. Roargorth, Steven thought, as his dinning, clanking, and throbbing grew sharper now.
Dorthia walked past Steven, headed out of the place. The mouse jumped onto four legs and darted out of its hide with its tail stiff in the air. Dorthia said something, and the warrior threw Steven like a sack of rice over his shoulder, that Steven’s cheek slapped the warrior’s back, adding more pain to Dorthia’s slap. The warrior marched onward, and as they swept out of the blacksmith hall, Steven knew it would be safe to open his eyes more. He saw the ground as if it was moving. He moved his head to the side, and the blacksmith and his hall was moving away from him. 
They passed into the hallway, and slowly, Roargorth’s hall shrank in the distance, and soon it vanished behind the corner. There was nothing for Steven to do, except to wait. Dorthia did not bother to secure the door behind her or to wake up the other stone warrior from its endless sleep. That was a relief. At least, Steven had managed to win Grimdin some time. 
The trick he pulled did not work fully as he had expected, though. And he was troubled because of that. He still didn’t know how to get out of this new predicament. And it seemed it was only a matter of time before Dorthia would cast her spell on him. He needed to find a way to her heart before that.
“I should have turned you into a beast,” her voice came from ahead, seemingly at her guardian, for it gave a mousy screech. “I will make that boy speak. I will make him cry, I will make him hate the moment he wished to defy me, my Phiolo never fails.” Her promise almost stopped Steven’s heart. 
She’ll torture me to talk. Being brave didn’t seem the smartest move now. He recited a silent prayer, hoping for the best. Please, God, help me and help Grimdin to end this fast.
The blares of Roargorth’s clanks became distant, and soon they came to the spiral stairs. They descended at a brisk pace that kept bouncing Steven on the warrior’s shoulder, paining his stomach more and more as the warrior’s hand pressed down on it hard. His cheek throbbed so much that he could feel the sore pain inside his mouth. He wished he could rub it a little, or put some ice on it, but where were those luxuries now?
As they descended, Steven noticed the mouse was falling back. It was pretty occupied with itself as it climbed down every step of the stairs with immense care.
“Move!” Dorthia yelled from ahead.
The mouse sprang forward, faster and yet careful as if it didn’t want to break a leg. 
I wonder if that mouse is truly a mouse, Steven thought. From how she speaks to it, it doesn’t sound like it. Ah, maybe he is another cursed human being—or even another king. But, what is this Phiolo she wants to use on me? Is it the same thing she used on the mouse? There was more pain coming on his cheek. He ignored it. What if…he thought, What if Grimdin doesn’t reach me in time? No, dammit, he will do something, he will find a way, he has to! Grimdin you dwarf, hurry up!
Dorthia droned a series of grumbles that Steven couldn’t catch up with. She seemed to lose herself in tension, so much so that she was annoying.
No wonder Albert hates you, Steven thought as he listened to her nonstop whining and complaining. The man hates you. He despises you, so get over it, He wanted to shout in her ears, but someone else shouted a loud and violent cry as they reached the base of the staircase.
“Rrrrrrraaaahh!”
Steven did his best not to react. The hideous sound rumbled downward and echoed through the swirling tower as if it was a lion’s roar. 
Now, everyone halted, even the mouse, who had just touched the ground. It froze in its place and looked up. Dorthia passed by Steven and stopped next to the mouse, not sensing Steven was watching. With a flick of her hand, the mouse turned to her. 
“What was that?” she said.
The mouse moved its hand, uttering no sound.
“That foolish dwarf!” Dorthia exclaimed. And at her words Steven felt like he would really faint. “Have you fed that beast?” Dorthia said. 
The mouse squealed back an answer.
“Then what makes that fool get so mad to shout in my castle?” she yammered, head tilted up.
The mouse moped and squealed a muffled cry, as if it knew the blame would be placed on it. It protested shyly again, then it leaned back on its hind legs and waved its tiny hands at Dorthia as if conversing with her.
Dorthia gave it a sulking look. The mouse did not stop moving its hands. 
“What?”
The mouse squealed again, its eyes now sharp and stern.
“If you cause me further trouble …” She pointed a finger at the mouse. “You know what I shall do with you!”
The mouse nodded over and over again. 
“And do not delay,” she said. “Go!”
The mouse hopped away, climbing back up each and every step with diligent effort.
Steven shut his eyes at once. He felt Dorthia would turn back toward him in any second. He heard a few footsteps, which soon stopped right next to him. He could feel now Dorthia breathe air on his face, and he could almost feel her glare studying his shut eyes. 
She walked away and clapped for her warrior to follow.
Grimdin … you foolish dwarf. What have you done? I swear I’ll pull you from your beard if I lay my hand on you.

23.
Grimdin’s heavy body had never been such a trouble before. He dangled from his pack above the darkness. There was no escape from his fear in this place. Stumbling into situations with heights would never end. 
Power … Courage … Honor … Creeds of our Mights! Grimdin reminded himself as he breathed heavily, glimpsing from the corner of his eyes the void below. Suddenly, a light flashed and Grimdin looked up at once. 
The light kept flashing every now and then, and it came along with clanks and the sound of a steel door shutting. Roargorth, Grimdin recalled. He knew the Mighty Dwarf must be at the forge now.
There was no time to waste. Grimdin snapped a hand loose and grabbed the rod that held the pack. He started pulling his heavy body up—now using both hands together. 
Roargorth’s steps came closer. Grimdin knew his time was waning. Without wasting more energy, he sat on the rod, straddling it like a knight on his stallion. He fastened his pack, breathed heavily at the glimpse of the abyss below, and stood up on the rod while harsh clanks echoed from above.
Like a ladder—with a hand gripping a rung, and a foot inserted in another hole below—Grimdin climbed until his hands caught the top’s rim. He crouched on the bridge, seeing from the corner of his eye Dorthia’s doomful darkness, but now he eyed it as a proud conqueror.
Grimdin turned slowly. The door was opened to a clear and empty hallway. Roargorth was busy twisting a new ring, and the mace warrior stood motionless. Grimdin pondered. What made those warriors move in the first place? It might have been Steven’s fear, Grimdin thought. Was his greatest fear death?
Grimdin stepped aside. He was certain the warrior would never move again. Its mace held in mid-swing, almost to the floor, resurrected a recent memory for Grimdin. Steven’s voice rang in his head, when he cried for the warriors to kill him. He imagined Steven on his back, shouting in the face of the deadly mace that cry which gave Grimdin chills when he heard it.
How could he have feared death? Grimdin thought, doubting himself, It couldn’t be death that he feared so much, it couldn’t be his life that he loved the most. No…there must be something else. Why was I part of his fear, and he wasn’t part of mine? Why didn’t he see my greatest fear, and I saw his?
With the clanking from Roargorth’s hammer, a sense of the divine arose in Grimdin’s blood. He opened his eyes wide, hand holding to the pommels of his axe. He felt the truth behind this mystery beat in his heart.
What a worthless fear has lingered in me; what a selfish love I have for myself! I deserved to face my fears alone. Yes, because I was selfish, and my love was for my own. But you, Steven, my lad, you helped me cross that path. You helped me now and gave me a chance. Yes, you did. You are pure, you are rare, you are a true wonderful friend. Your love and fear was for our friendship. Not for your own life.
The last farewell look on Steven’s face before he passed out flashed in Grimdin’s head, reminding him of his friend’s reckless, daring, and yet courageous act. Your courage is bold, and your love was for both of us, not for you alone; that must be why I was part of your battle … Yes, it must be. I deserved to be alone in my fears. If death scared him, then it did for both of us. He’s young, he still need to learn.
Grimdin raved from inside. Steven’s love was far nobler than his. His jealousy of Steven came with respect and admiration. He hated that his own love was a selfish thing, like his tales, and his fear was a hideous thing, like heights. It was as if Steven was far more pure than Grimdin could ever be, and yet genuine enough that he didn’t know it.
He turned his thoughts back to the situation at hand. What mystery do you hold in this castle, Dorthia? What Murk Drop have you? he thought, knowing all this was composed by that dark and shrewd power of that object at the castle’s gate. 
You fool lad, Grimdin thought. His imaginative mind conjured up the image of Steven being taken away. 
Hold on! Hold on, my friend! And while Grimdin was smitten by Steven’s daring act and true desire, his eyes caught the golden mallet: ever gripped by Roargorth’s clenched fist. The new chain rings under Roargorth’s clamp were both of gold, and Roargorth reached to his belt and took out a golden nail.
That same action, the exact one, which caused a blast that slammed the door shut and locked Grimdin and Steven within the hall. It was that blow that Roargorth was going to release now. At once, Grimdin pounced and halted at the Mighty Dwarf’s side. His eyes fixed on the golden mallet; he knew he couldn’t allow the next blow to fall. Come what may. Cut his hands, charge on the dwarf, throw some punches, or even kill Roargorth. Whatever it was, Grimdin knew he had to act. 
He lifted his throwing axe, eyes at Roargorth’s wrist. That would be the easiest and fastest thing to cut off. 
Roargorth brought the golden mallet up slowly, his face basked in the warm glow of the rings. A marred grin on his face as if the next blow was the reason for his existence. He broadened his shoulders as he pulled the mallet above his waist, and in that move Grimdin saw the right moment: a new moment: the Mighty Dwarf loosened the grip on the handle of the mallet to adjust its weight in his palm for his coming blow.
Now! a voice within commanded Grimdin. He crouched down and sprang up at the mallet, stretching out an open hand. His fingers wrapped around the mallet, squeezing tight at its spiky head, and he pulled it down, as he dove to the ground and rolled away, coming to a stop next to the petrified mace warrior. He hid himself behind it, not believing what had just happened it. The mallet was in his hands! 
He opened his fist and squinted at the sting of pain. The spiky side had accumulated blood in red dots underneath his thick palm’s skin and fingers. He flipped open his pack’s flap, shoved the mallet and its golden glow inside, and closed it. He squeezed at the pain now, crushing it in his hard fist. He screeched in silence, then held his axe, feeling the sting of the spikes hot in his grip.
Grimdin peeked from behind the mace warrior. The magically programmed blacksmith was returning his clenched hand back up again. He had swung it already, and he swung it now again, sending his hand down for another vigorous blow. It missed the anvil, hitting nothing but air, as if Roargorth was some novice smithy.
Roargorth lifted his hand to send down yet another blow, but as his eyes searched for the glow of Dorthia’s curse, he found no mallet—no gold to gaze at. His snuffs and huffs warned Grimdin to be ready. He crept farther behind the frozen warrior. Roargorth panicked: the dwarf searched his hands, then his belt, the anvil, the podium’s compartments, and all around him.
“Rrraaaaaaahh!” he roared. Both hands came down, slamming onto the black podium. Rage like fire in his eyes. His madness came out with every blow. 
Grimdin squeezed his body back farther. He faced the great forge breathing hell-air into the hall. I mustn’t be noticed, not while Dorthia’s curse yet beleaguers him. What a curse you have put on him, Dorthia. He held his axe to his chest and watched Roargorth’s shadow moving beside him.
There was a harsh grunt. Roargorth muttered something hard to grasp, then his bellowing voice came sharp: “This is not my Dining Hall! Not my ground or great hold! Where is my golden crown? Where is my dwarven keep? Where is my hammer and axe?”
The voice, harsh and deep, growled out every word. There was sense in them, and Grimdin knew that Roargorth was returning to his real self again. 
“Where … is … this … foul place?” Roargorth howled.
Grimdin saw the stout dwarf’s silhouette moving away from the anvil; the shadow of his head—big like a giant’s—was on the opposite wall, turning right and left. The curse ‘been lifted, Grimdin noted, holding one hand on his pack. But even as his worries dissipated with the lifting of Roargorth’s curse, a thought struck him. Roargorth’s roar! She must have heard it. I must move fast, but what should I say to calm this beast?
“What weak flames are these?” Roargorth said. “What false ground is this? What weary brass is this?” Roargorth’s anger grew with every question he asked. “Who has insulted me?” he raved again.
Grimdin felt as if Roargorth’s seething heated the whole hall more than the opened forge.
“You?” Roargorth growled.
Like a dead tree, Grimdin bristled in his place. Chills raced through his neck. He glanced to his right and left. He wanted to jump into the abyss. Be eaten by the forge. Dying was far better than being caught by the enraged Roargorth. It was a mercy by itself.
Roargorth’s shadow moved forward, now, it was closer. “Who are you?” he growled.
Grimdin shivered.
“Speak your wits! You filthy mace man made of dirt and rock!”
Upon hearing these words, Grimdin let out a breath.
“Look into my eyes when a Mighty speaks to you!” Roargorth said to the mace warrior, but there was still no answer from it. “I’ll crush your stone back into dust. Thus you shall speak now, you filth of earth.”
But as he received no answer again, Roargorth trudged forward.
Grimdin cursed himself. He realized that nothing good would ever happen if Roargorth kept on shouting. As long as I keep the mallet’s shine hidden, I am safe. Grimdin nodded to himself. He mustn’t know of it. Or else… He didn’t want to think about the rest.
Taking in a deep breath, Grimdin came out from behind the petrified warrior, revealing himself, proud like the dwarf he was. 
There stood Roargorth, only a few paces away, clenching his fists in anger and malice. On his face sat a scowl of insult. Grimdin saw the flare in his eyes, ready to burn anyone alive—and it took him back to the days of his father Gor, when everything in the dwarven realms revolved around pride and dignity, around loyalty and honor, around respect for the elders and for their knowledge.
Dear lords of the dwarven earths …Grimdin swallowed, sheathed his axe, and gathered his courage from the fearful respect he and all dwarves had for the Mighty Dwarves. 
But Roargorth’s expression calmed a bit. He examined the smaller dwarf head to toe, making Grimdin want to try and feign unconsciousness. It might work on Roargorth. 
The Mighty Dwarf stepped closer. He glanced at the rings dangling from Grimdin’s beard. Now he stared in Grimdin’s eyes, perplexed. “A kin of mine on this foul ground?”
Somehow the words made Grimdin relax. They offered friendship, peace.
Roargorth spoke again, stepping even closer. “What brings you here, son of the lords?” he said. “Are more of us here?” he asked in a loud voice as he glared at the petrified warrior then back at the door and the hall before his eyes rested again on Grimdin.
“My great kin, honor of our Gruns and the magnificent forge of the Dining Halls,” Grimdin said, head bowed and palms-up. “I am sent to you by the lords of men to bring you out of this place. I am Grimdin, son of Gor, son of Hon, our Greatest Arm.” Grimdin looked up, hoping that Roargorth would soften at his introduction of himself in their old dwarven manner—chest lifted, words strong with no stutter or hesitance, and with dignity and anger and sharpness, like their axes…like their great ancestors.
“Rescue me?” Roargorth bellowed. “Sent by the lords of men?” His anger picked up, eyes wild, face grim like a disturbed lion.
“I do not have much time to talk to you about our battle, for I, and my friend, have gone against beastly beings and a traitorous witch who tricked you here with her dark powers, and who,” Grimdin said, “might have kidnapped my father, Gor.”
Roargorth sent a fierce glare at Grimdin, telling him in that stern to choose his words carefully or else he’d end up in the forge’s belly.
But Grimdin did not hesitate. Dorthia could appear at any moment. “They have taken our friend,” he said, closing a fist and holding it in front of his chest. Feeling Steven’s danger in his bones. “And they shall show him now mercy. They will soon return for me with a power stronger than what your arms and mine could beat.”
Roargorth frowned at once. He leaned forward, eyes shadowed under dark brows. “I am Roargorth, son of Gor!” he roared in Grimdin’s face. “Not the sum of warriors from across the lands where the sun shines and settles could defeat me! This insult shall not be accepted by myself, nor by my kin, nor by the friends who harked to our cause. No day shall live for that to happen!”
“Thank you, great dwarf. But we ought to keep our minds sharp, for our cunning must precede theirs.”
Roargorth nodded and Grimdin quickly told the Mighty Dwarf of his hastily conceived plan:
“The anvil is where you should be now,” Grimdin said. “They think that you are beating it. They think that you are bewitched by it.”
Roargorth stepped back and stared toward the anvil as if he had recalled something. He kept quiet.
Grimdin didn’t allow Roargorth the chance to express his doubts—or to perhaps remember the golden mallet—and he pressed on with his plan: “I shall seek them from behind the door, so mind you stare only at your metals. We yet do not know how to defeat that hag. There must be something. We do not know what,” Grimdin said. He spotted something hanging from the blacksmith’s belt: a brass hammer. “Ah, warm your arms by swinging that hammer. Let a new ring join that golden chain, and we shall only fight them when they are all in and near.”
Grimdin’s only way to defeat Dorthia was to fight her, and fight her hard. He knew she would show up at any moment. He wanted to end their conversation as fast as possible. He came to where his double-edged axe was. He picked it up and offered it to Roargorth. “Take this.”
But Roargorth waved. “I shall fight them with these,” the Mighty Dwarf raised his hands to his face, as if they were his magnificent axes. “By the clamor of my hammer and the heat of fire, I’ll crush their wits and flesh,” Roargorth swore, while his golden tooth shone brightly in the scattered light.
Grimdin nodded. He hurried toward the door and found his other small axe that he had thrown earlier in the fight to aid Steven. He sheathed it. I will save you, Steven, he promised to himself, eyes fixed on the eerie stillness of the empty hallway.
“Son of Gor!”
Grimdin jerked at the sudden call.
“What beast shall walk into here?” Roargorth asked, pointing with his brass mallet at the open door.
“A witch and her giant warrior.” 
“Ah,” Roargorth sneered. “A great fight. Long have I sought a decent foe.” And he glared at the brass hammer, then spoke to it: “A disgrace to you, metal.” With that, Roargorth sent down his hard blows, causing weak clanks unlike before.
Knowing more about the Mighty Dwarfs, Grimdin knew that once this was all over he must tell Roargorth the truth about everything. He felt certain Roargorth had doubts that he was keeping to himself until they could be in a safer place to talk. These Mighty Dwarfs, in time of hardship and battle, believed it needless to waste time blaming, but once the matter had been resolved and the task done, then came the time for everything to be told.
Grimdin readied himself with his double-edged axe. He crept behind the opened door and watched his kin. Roargorth’s eyes followed the length of the chain. And with no further interest in it, he pulled on the golden chain with a single hand and moved it with ease.
What Roargorth did baffled Grimdin, for he now realized that Roargorth’s strength did not come from the golden mallet and Dorthia’s bewitchment. It came only from his dwarven blood.
Grimdin listened to the hallway’s silence, waiting for it to break by any approaching steps. He calculated. What if Dorthia noticed the absence of her golden mallet? And to fight her—with the invincible warrior at her side—would be madness. Besides, who knew what the mouse was capable of doing? 
But he fought that thought back. My luck will shine. He felt as though a stronger companion was present with him. And his companion was busy now, grim-faced as always, hammering down on the metal, trying in vain to put the golden nail into both rings. On a failed attempt to stab the golden nail into its place, Roargorth murmured, “A head of steel you have on you, gold. Not something you do to me.”
Seeing this sight, and even in this unpleasant place, filled Grimdin with happiness. His hometown, his people, his longing to see them all. Kindness and honesty. That is the right thing to have along. He nodded to himself as he kept watching Roargorth, whose grumbling and growing rage reminded Grimdin very much of his father, Gor. He wished he could find him here. His father must be somewhere around. It was hard to think of all these things now, though. There was an important matter at hand. And killing Dorthia in this battle remained a mystery that stabbed his heart with insecurity. 
Not too long later, a sound—different than Roargorth’s clanks—made its way into Grimdin’s ears. At once, Grimdin’s hands gripped his big axe, his face scowling as he kept his eyes sharp. The sound grew sharper: rapid and precise, like a skipping stone bouncing over the surface of water.
They are here.
Grimdin froze in place, trying to hear over Roargorth’s clanks. He waited for its prey to pass the door. But nothing happened. He glanced at Roargorth and saw him hammering away with ease. Nothing alarmed the Mighty Dwarf, as if no one had come in.
Where are they? Grimdin wondered. He listened for the sounds of steps again. He was sure he had heard them. But then, so suddenly that Grimdin couldn’t believe his sight, he glimpsed a white ball of fur plodding carefully toward the anvil.
The mouse? Grimdin snapped. He remained in the shadow of the door, waiting. Dorthia and her stone warrior should appear soon. But the mouse inched closer, and no one came in yet. Where is she? Grimdin grew impatient. Where is that filthy warrior? Where is Dorthia?
The mouse disappeared from Grimdin’s sight and went behind the podium. Roargorth’s head went down, and then it came up again, this time glaring at the door. He lifted his hammer slowly, eyes fixed on Grimdin and frowning with anger.
Grimdin held his breath. It can’t be that she sent only the mouse?…What would Roargorth think!
When the mouse came out from behind the podium, and just before it turned away from it, Roargorth released the grip on his brass mallet and let it fall, halting the mouse with the sudden noise. He leaned down and snatched up the sneaky mouse, picking it aloft in front of his face with two fingers, like some dirty napkin. He brought it closer to him, and sneered.
“Witty, filthy rat!” Roargorth said. He lifted the mouse above his head and glared at Grimdin. “Is this the warrior you have fought? Ye dare trick me? Dare you defy me? Is this what you and your friend have battled against, son of Gor!”
“No, no, no!”
“Is that what you have come to defeat, O my kin!” Roargorth continued. “Is that what tricked me into this ground? This?” Roargorth waved the mouse in his hand, struck with disbelief. “Dare you insult me?” He gripped the mouse by its body, looking like he would squeeze out its stomach and pop its eyes out. “I shall punish you in our halls, for you have lied, dwarf!”
And immediately the Mighty Dwarf shoved the rings off and slammed the mouse onto the anvil’s face. His brass hammer rose above his head.
“No, wait! Wait!” Grimdin waved his hands. He sheathed his double-edged axe as he darted out from behind the door.
The mouse fluttered like a living fish in a frying pan. And with no hesitation, Roargorth swung his mallet down. He held it in mid swing. “Show your wits, rat! Show me how you fight!” he yelled.
“No,” Grimdin cried, his hand standing between the mallet and the mouse. “This is but her messenger. She sent him to spy on us, for you have roared a mighty roar in her castle and disturbed her. But we can be glad that she did not come along yet.” Even as he spoke, Grimdin tried to formulate an argument to gain back Roargorth’s trust. “Believe me, my great kin, for I am telling the truth. By Gor my father and Garom our greatest, I am!” Grimdin felt ready to beg on his knees, but Roargorth frowned. Truth did not seem something he wanted.
“I beg you,” Grimdin said. “This mouse is…our only chance.” Grimdin looked at it, as if checking if the mouse was their chance. He found his argument now. “He might lead us to a way to defeat her. We do not know how, but he might. Wait, please, wait. He is our only hope!”
The mouse nodded, as if it understood every word Grimdin had said. 
“Really? Are you?” Grimdin exclaimed, in a frowning fashion.
The mouse nodded, and nodded, and nodded.
“Dear me!” Grimdin breathed. He looked Roargorth with total surprise. But, the Mighty Dwarf glared instead. He held the mouse up and pointed at its face with his thick, charred index finger. His nail tip ringed in black. “Look, you white rat, I despise you and all of your kind from the moment we dug you out of the earth. You are all the same to me. Not your master nor any of your kind or the warriors that live over our grounds shall defy me,” he said. “I AM ROARGORTH!” the dwarf roared into its face. “I crunch the steel, forge the axes, kill the beasts, so go back and send your master to me.” And he pulled his hand back with the mouse in it, looking like he planned to throw the mouse back into the hallway with one toss.
“No, no, no, wise dwarf.” Grimdin jumped with both hands up. “Listen to me before you let this mouse go.”
“A rat!” Roargorth sneered. “Let it go and bring its master to me!”
“Not now. Wait, hear me first.”
Roargorth didn’t reply. He gave Grimdin a stern, punishing look. He grabbed one of Grimdin’s hands and put the mouse into his palm. And then he said, “Your horned axe!” his hand open, wanting the axe.
Grimdin couldn’t argue, so he handed Roargorth the small axe. He picked up a few metal rods from the floor. After placing them on the anvil’s face, Roargorth used Grimdin’s axe like a master chef chopping a carrot into thin slices, he cut the steel rods into smaller pieces, then picked up the brass mallet, and sent soft, rapid blows onto the rods.
Using the clamp, Roargorth made many tiny steel rings, twisting them together as Grimdin watched in amazement while the mouse shivered. He could feel its heartbeat race in his hands. 
The blacksmith took his new creation and said: “Hold it by its stomach.”
Grimdin hesitated.
“Hie your wits, dwarf!”
Grimdin swallowed his doubts and grabbed the mouse by its belly, hoping he was holding it the way Roargorth desired. As the Mighty Dwarf affixed the metal creation to the rodent, the mouse squealed, until Roargorth fastened the chain around the mouse’s belly, under the golden bell. “Leave the rat to have a walk,” he said.
Grimdin settled the mouse on the ground, concerned with ready legs to dart behind the mouse in case it slipped free. Roargorth’s creation seemed perfect, for when the mouse tried to run off, the chain extended to its full length then jerked back, and stopped the mouse from proceeding.
“This is to put an end to your wits.” Roargorth leered at the mouse then glared at Grimdin. “Now, speak, let me out with you in the light. Tell me, what happened to us and to your father, Gor?”

24.
Steven kept his eyes open. His thoughts did not rest. 
Grimdin, don’t ruin what I’ve done.
They had passed the ivory tower’s entrance, and yet, there was no sign of the mouse … or Grimdin. What’s happening in there? He breathed. His mind took him on fast ride through worrying thoughts. Either misfortune had hampered Grimdin, or the mouse had found Grimdin and started back to Dorthia. 
I will kill that little thing, he wanted strangle it with his hands. But then…If Grimdin did make it, and if he got the mallet and found how to kill Dorthia, how will he ever cross the desert—or even this castle garden—that alone made him crumble. God, if you ever loved me, please help us!...Why did I fake death!
Steven refrained from glimpsing how far they were from the castle’s gate. He had nothing to do but wait and avoid adding to his worries. He gazed at the twilight path, washing his eyes with its colors. Images of the castle garden’s trees took shape in his head. Remembering how it was when he had walked in: trees covered by shrubs, buds of white, red, and purple flowers bordered the path, with small bushes scattered under every tree like children gathered around their grandfather for a treat. 
The thought of it all felt pleasant to Steven and he imagined himself swept away to a different land, away from Dorthia’s magical world, away from Agragort and the Three Lands. The two-story wooden house flashed in his head. The sizzling food on their dining table awaiting his arrival, and the soft, warm voice of his mother calling to him, “Dinnertime!”…he was hungry, and he wanted to go home, to have a shower, to rehearse for his play, and cycle around town, and meet Clarice, to ask her out, and have some good food. He was really hungry.
He was tired from this journey, and everything else. Nothing felt worse than being away from what he wanted to do, especially with a sore stomach calling for mercy. 
The lovely colored bricks below turned to peach, strawberry, and raspberry muffins, and bowls of chestnuts, and grenadine drinks—
But a sudden halt in their movement evaporated everything before Steven’s eyes. He couldn’t think.
“Far an billgarath,” Dorthia said.
What’s that? Panic rumbled in Steven’s heart. Something was about to happen, for the petrified warrior trudged forward again, and Steven’s heartbeats rushed up to his throat. He closed his eyes at once. 
The warrior stopped and turned sideways. A moment later Steven felt something soft touching him: a hand.
NO! he cried within his chest. He knew it was none other than Dorthia’s hand.
The hand slipped under his waist, almost tickling him, but thankfully Steven’s fear had his nerves paralyzed. He heard what sounded like the scratch of a fingernail on rock, then, as fast as it had come, it was gone. 
Next came the taps of shoes on the bricks, until the steps faded far away from him.
Steven couldn’t tolerate not knowing anymore. It was all too much. He cracked open his eyelids, and found that the warrior had turned sideways, giving Steven the chance to watch what transpired ahead of him. He turned his head slightly as Dorthia seemed distant and busy. She lifted both hands to her face and blew into them. A brownish ribbon of dust swirled out. It wafted over the faint, brisk breeze, then, like bees returning to their hive, it disappeared into the gate’s doorknob. Dorthia waved at her castle gate and murmured words that only she could hear. 
The dry, crawling roots that fastened the knob darkened. From the knob’s sleek surface grew white jasmine and green leaves. And like a running stream of water tunneling its way to its source across a desert, the white and green colors ran along the length of the roots, swirling around the white marble pillars of the gate until it reached their bases, crowning both pillars with jasmine buds. The dry roots that fastened the gate turned into green shrubs, and the tight roots around the knob dangled down long enough that they almost tickled the twilight path, releasing the grip around the gate’s knob.
A rich, zesty odor spread everywhere. Steven felt enamored by the loveliness of it all. What magic can do such a thing? Is that really dark magic? he wondered.
Dorthia stepped forward and turned the golden knob of her castle gate, and just like that, the gate’s doors opened without the hint of a creak. In the distance, a thick dusty blanket of the desert blew, and the twilight path went onward, disappearing behind it. She clapped and went through the gate. The stone warrior turned and followed her, returning Steven to gaze again at the twilight path. They passed by the gate and stood outside. 
Good. Steven thought, as the gate was open—
But then the gates swung shut, as if they had heard Steven’s hopeful thoughts.
Shit! 
Dorthia gave a command that made Steven shut his eyes and silence his thoughts. The warrior tramped on, and his steps fell upon a cushiony ground.
It halted, and upon another command from Dorthia, Steven felt the hard fist of the warrior grab onto his shirt. It slid him slowly downward, and placed Steven on damp soil—against a hard, scratchy surface. The immense brightness of the place became shadowed. Steven could feel it on his face. There was only a soft light.
Did it take me to Dorthia? Steven kept his eyes closed. What’s happening? He panicked from within.
“Thank you, my dear lord.” Dorthia’s voice came from afar.
So Steven opened his eyes slowly; just wide enough to see the soft light wash his face from between the warrior’s legs, as it stood facing the desert. Next to Steven’s leg, three thick and dry dark roots wriggled along the ground. 
Steven recalled that lonely, leafless, creepy tree he’d seen when they arrived at Dorthia’s castle. It seemed abandoned in an eerie forest, left under a lightless, dark sky with no shade to cast. 
Dorthia’s voice returned in the same authoritative tone. “Return to what you are. Let your soul touch the ground. Let your heart be free!...Roth amar, alin hood!”
At these words the stone warrior disintegrated into dust. Its stony flesh sifted down like falling flour and scattered around the ground where Steven sat. 
He wanted to kick the dust that fell on his legs, but it dissolved into his trousers and turned into a chill, tingling on his legs’ skin like mint would in the mouth. The remnant dust dissolved around him, and as it cleared, he saw Dorthia standing far off, before the swirling dusts of the desert.
Suddenly, the ground Steven sat on tickled his thighs. The tickling kept rising and reaching to his back. Jasmine buds sprang up, and the three roots were covered with shrubs and flowers. No more was the harsh surface scratching his back. Instead, it was a wet and soft surface, as if he were lying on the morning grass. A few pink leaves glided downward into his sight, and when the brisk air came, it pushed the leaves away.
Dorthia raised her hand to the storm, and Steven grabbed this opportunity. Enough with sneaking views. He opened his eyes fully, and saw the damp, dark soil turn into a bed of green grass, taking its time in the process. Dorthia’s hair was shortening and darkening Maybe that’s why she couldn’t use her entire power on him in the castle, Steven thought. She needed it to return back.
The scent of fresh soil reminded Steven of the ladies’ chamber and everything that happened in the garden at the castle of Agragort.
What felt dead and soulless—even the tree and the damp ground—became alive. Steven tilted his head to the sky, and saw the branches bloom soft pink leaves as if becoming a cherry tree.
Is this dark magic? Is this the true self of that stone beast? Steven couldn’t believe his eyes. He focused ahead at Dorthia, swept up by her creation. He pondered these new doubts. For it was as if the petrified warrior had been commanded not to kill Grimdin—but what could be meant by shoving someone off the bridge, other than a cruel death, and how could such a thing blossom into dead soil and trees? The logic was beyond Steven.
She turned her sad and hopeless maidens—who believed they were not beautiful—into beautiful gazelles. But was it all for their hair? Or for what? Did she …make that tunnel under the wall for them to return to their families, and still pay them the weekly golden coin? 
Doubt clouded his conclusions as he marveled at everything around him. In her realm, there was a gentle touch in every observable direction—the shimmering sky, the dawn and dusk washing over her castle, the castle’s gate and its dark sea-like walls, the twilight road and its warm-colored bricks, the dark forest and the charming one, the jasmine flowers, the hummingbirds, and all the rest of the creatures living within them. They placed her realm into a space out of time, bound by a beautiful symphony of mystery—highly intelligent and restrained. It told of an unsettled and compassionate soul, often misunderstood, often neglected, and always lonely like some forlorn wolf.
Dorthia was still busy with something Steven couldn’t see. She stood there in her beautiful purple dress; this time freckled with big stains of green. Somehow, after watching all this, and for some strange reason, he saw that behind that wicked, cunning person lay someone caring; someone who, with love, could feel cherished and valuable; alive and wanted. Who wouldn’t? he thought, moved by this strange sense. Who wouldn’t be lovely if this world loved them?
From the song Dorthia sang in her cottage, he recalled her saying: I am but a restless cloud amid the storm. It was a strange feeling all together. Happening so suddenly, without logic. He felt she wanted to be taken to a faraway land where she could settle down and be the person she really was.
To be in love, and yet not to be loved back must be the hardest feeling in life, he thought as he gazed at Dorthia. He could relate to that. Realizing how hard it must have been to sacrifice her real life by living as someone else, and being all alone in her own world, with only a mouse and some flames to talk to. That was not living life. It must have been suffocating.
In that moment, he wanted to walk up to her. To hold her hands, and tell her: “Everything will be alright.”
This world, Steven thought, does not deserve all this anger and suffering…It does not deserve all this fighting and selfishness. And for some reason beyond his knowledge, he felt angry. He was unable to understand why he was so unsettled and unsatisfied by all this. It made him feel responsible, and that he should do something about it. But what?
His thoughts went to Elisa; back at the cottage. Is there something that I should know and she didn’t tell? He pondered, There must be something. He went on, and then, he recalled the one question he couldn’t answer. What makes me so in love with my dream, why do I want to become a doctor? he thought.
Now that he hold no obligation toward anyone anymore, and now that pursuing his dream in the big city was becoming so real in his mind and heart, Steven reflected and considered, Why, ha? Why did I choose to become a doctor?
But there was no reasonable answer. Nothing in him seemed to know exactly why. He looked at Dorthia, lost in his own debate, feeling as lonely as her, for he felt no one in their worlds could understand the true reason behind their actions. Was I wrong about Olden? He asked again, doubting all his judgments. 
Being a doctor might be something he would love doing, but, Steven felt there was something else he wanted…something bigger. 
Olden welcomed everyone to join him on a journey: the journey to change the world and everyone’s life. He offered everyone the opportunity to save earth from being plundered, and stripped of its energy sources. Steven wanted that. He wanted to be that man who would lead people toward such goal. It was as if Olden had robbed him from the most admirable and honorable privilege in serving people—and all the while, Steven was deaf and blind to all that.
I know what I want to do. 
I am a dreamer as they say. Very creative, I know that. Stubborn like my father. And I am sure I can dedicate myself to research just as much as I can do it for studying medicine, he thought, feeling more assured of himself now than ever before. 
I know what I want to be. 
I want to lend a hand. I want to help, and do something worthwhile. I could do more than be a doctor, he thought, feeling the reason of his existence in life. Yes, I can. I will study engineering, and excel in it. I’ll take it to another level. One that will bring greatness to this world. One that will mark my existence with the league of others who gave their lives to this world. There is nothing nobler than this. I will invent things. I will change the way things function and make them better. I will be someone who will offer the world a solution for the betterment of humankind. I owe to myself, to my family, to Amberhill, and to this world, and to Elisa. I want a real meaning for my life. I want to be curious about things. To feel them in my bones even. 
I know what I want to be.
And as the grass was inching toward Dorthia, reaching closer and closer to the storm, Steven was defiant about what he truly wanted. Now, he knew what made him desire death when he believed he had lost Grimdin. It was the same thing that Elisa saw in him at her cottage, the same thing that made him want to become a doctor, and want to be a vital member in his society. It was the care for people, the desire to lend his hand and help just like Olden. 
Steven knew now that witch could have killed Elisa, but she didn’t, for a lover’s heart could never be evil… it could never hate. Everything became different. His conclusions felt real. The weight of the sensitive mission he had to solve made him feel responsible and more alive at the same time. He was not sent to save Albert, not even to bring Elisa back, but more than that. It was to rekindle Dorthia’s sad heart with new hope.

25.
Inside the tower, Roargorth yanked on the chain and jerked the mouse back in his fist. He grabbed it by its belly, and said: “You think of yourself as the hound of the underground? You filthy being. How dare you and your master put me out of my hall? How dare you part me from my throne? For I am Roargorth!” He squeezed a squeak out of the mouse as he bellowed the words in its face. “Ha! Lest you think I forgot, I know of the golden mallet that put more power into gold, and makes it shine and be stronger than steel,” Roargorth growled. “A pity you lost it in the abyss,” he said as he stared at the dark void surrounding the bridge.
Grimdin kept his hand over the flap of his bag, fearing that the golden mallet’s glow would prove him a liar, for he had gone on to explain everything to Roargorth—except that he’d led the Mighty Dwarf to believe that the golden mallet had been tossed into the empty darkness instead of what he had really done.
“We must make haste, for it is not the time to seek revenge on this rat,” Grimdin said.
“Wait. Hark to what I say, Grimdin. You tell me a Murk Drop binds this place. You tell me all these strange powers are set here by this Dorthia’s curse? I tell you she is no witch of the kind we know. No Murk Drop comes to existence by normal means. I know the curses of witches, and I know the wickedness in magic. This is beyond that,” he sneered. 
“What do you mean?” Grimdin couldn’t comprehend.
“I’ll show you what I mean,” he said, and gave the mouse a daunting glare. “I’ll crush your bones, rat,” Roargorth said to it. He tramped toward the anvil and cleared it with a swoop of his arm. In his eyes was the rage and desire to enact a brutal punishment on the mouse.
The mouse squealed, shivered in Roargorth’s hand. But Roargorth tossed it onto the anvil’s face and stretched out the little body as if preparing the mouse for an operation. He held Grimdin’s axe high in the air, ready to chop off the mouse’s head. “Who is she? Your master. Speak!”
“But he can’t speak,” Grimdin said.
“Is she a witch?” Roargorth demanded.
The mouse shook its head. 
No? Grimdin swallowed.
“I thought so,” Roargorth said. “Now, tell it, say it, is she from the spirit of a Jinn, is she from the blood of a man, is she a Sila?”
The mouse squealed.
“Speak!”
The mouse nodded, and Grimdin’s heart sank. 
“That is what I feared,” Roargorth’s voice tightened. “What a fight this going to be, Grimdin. Hmm, Murk Drops are beyond the reach of normal men or dwarves. Mighty Ones can become it. They are hard to gather. They need Jinns along the way. We are here for a decent foe, kin.”
Half from mankind and half from a Jinn, Grimdin knew that much about Silas. They were the offspring of love between mankind and Jinn. A forbidden love that should never have happened. They were disgraced from the realm of Jinns, and dishonored from the world of mankind. Grimdin never thought Dorthia would be of such a breed. 
He pondered. What could they possibly do to stop someone who possessed such an enduring soul? Deep within, they had no beating heart. They were only a spirit, cursed to live in the form of mankind for an unknown time.
Roargorth came to the edge of the bridge. His head bowed, and then he returned, disturbed. “If this woman is from a Jinn and man,” he said. “Or perhaps, a sorcerer rather than a common man, then she will resume her work acting like a witch. We need to be ready for anything, my kin. There is no telling what will we face. Your father knows much about Jinns. It would be wise to be as ready as he would.”
“My father? What do you mean?” The surprise dawned fear on Grimdin.
“Gor came to me once long ago when you were young. He asked me to join him on his journey, a journey to retrieve his Murk Drop and find a way to speak to those Jinns. I refused, for what a mindless pursuit that was. Only mad dwarves seek such a task. Only mad people befriend Jinns. And now I learn he has gone missing. What trouble has he put himself into?” Roargorth said. He brought the mouse up to his face.
“Speak you!” Roargorth said. “Is there any other dwarf here? Have you tricked any of our likes?” he scowled.
The mouse shook its head. There was no one.
“Are you certain, rat!” Roargorth barred his teeth.
The mouse shook its head even harder.
Grimdin had not told Roargorth of the Specters Scribe. This was not the right place nor times to open such a subject. But he pondered: What business does my father have with Jinns? He must have found them then. I have received the note. I have his Murk Drop, I have his dagger and leatherond’s map. They are all with me. What is he trying to tell me? Grimdin felt strong thud within his chest.
“Listen, you dirty scum,” Roargorth’s voice interrupted Grimdin’s thoughts. “I show no mercy to liars. So you be clear about what you do here. Now, I am a Mighty Dwarf who has seen and learned much. No Sila binds herself to a mankind form unless she had created something to unbind her. She ought to return to her original form whenever she wishes it. Speak now, say! How does she do it? What unbinds her?” Roargorth said. “Hie your wits this instant or I shall take your life to an unsettled time! Is it here, is it in this place?” Roargorth’s skin wrinkled under his eyes as sweat dripped from his forehead.
The mouse head moved up and down.
“You know where it is?” Grimdin said. 
The mouse shivered from tail to ears at the two eyes glaring down at him. It nodded again, harder.
“We might not be able to end her life, but we shall take her mankind form away from her. That will give us time, Grimdin. Time to flee, for I see we have no other way out of this,” Roargorth said. And under the influence of his wrath, Roargorth lifted the mouse up to his face and waved the axe at it. “Play me wrong and I shall slice you into pieces.” He moved the axe over the mouse’s belly, pressing the blade enough into the mouse’s fur to confirm his intensions. “You will show us the way,” he sneered.
The mouse twitched. 
Grimdin sheathed his axe and fastened the pack firmly to his body. “Let us go,” he urged.
At once Roargorth threw the mouse onto the ground. It landed on four feet and looked back at the two dwarfs.
“Your legs need to warm up, my kin,” Grimdin said.
“Indeed,” Roargorth said, and passed the chain to him. He emptied his belt of the smithy tools and sheathed Grimdin’s horned axe instead. “Hie now, hie quickly both you!”
Grimdin flicked the chain at Roargorth’s call; it rippled and lashed the mouse’s back. The mouse scampered over the bridge, through the doorway, and outside into the hall as fast as it could.
Even though the chain hampered the mouse from reaching its full speed, it allowed Grimdin to keep up with it, but Roargorth struggled. At the hallway the mouse hopped along the grooves that ran over the white marble wall. Up and down it scurried the dark tunnel as if it was stalking over black hills. It turned at the end of the hallway, and then turned once more at a sharper bend that was almost concealed within the walls, which would have been impossible for anyone to notice, as if it was a secret passage.
Grimdin realized that their fate now lay with the mouse alone; it could lead them to their doom rather than their salvation.
“Hie!” Roargorth shouted, even though he was falling behind.
Grimdin and the mouse raced along as if being hunted by a beast. All the walls looked identical now, transforming the hallway into an endless labyrinth, and wherever a wall ended, another turn could be found, concealed somewhere to stretch the hallway farther. After another sharp bend they came upon a set of spiral stairs, different than those Grimdin and Steven had climbed. 
With heavy breaths Grimdin stopped for Roargorth to catch up, and when Roargorth finally came, he frowned then glared at Grimdin and the mouse. “By this axe …,” Roargorth huffed, drawing the axe from his belt. “You, rat, shall not see the outside world. Now move your white tail.”
Grimdin lashed the chain again, and the mouse ran, descending the stairs as fast as it could through the tunnels alongside the walls of the staircase. It leaped across the windows that dotted the tower’s wall, landing on the other side and racing harder downward.
An entryway came along their way down. The mouse turned toward it, and the moment they entered, they heard the splashes of water filling the corridor. Bright light filled the passage as if they were heading toward the sun. Roargorth squinted, shielding his eyes with his hands. “The flesh of yours shall be under my feet if here is not where we should be,” he warned.
The small black grooves that the mouse ran through now protruded outward from the walls, and sagged over it; looking like tree roots. The mouse crawled along them and advanced to the entrance, as if leading them to enter a tree from its base.
The light was soft and warm at the other side. It was an open space. The color of the evening sky stretching in all directions.
Roargorth was the last to reach the spot. “Ah,” he exclaimed. “A land of welcome this is, as the sky speaks of its creator’s will.”
Grimdin stood next to Roargorth, still holding the chain. He stood in amazement at this place: a damp ground that started out with a few bushes, then had many tall and slim trees, all branchless, blocking their right side, while to their left stood many arched railings, bordering the edge.
We are above the ground, Grimdin noted as he saw the castle garden on his left, but he couldn’t make out anything else familiar, not even the desert.
“Where is the rat?” Roargorth questioned. His eyes searching.
Grimdin yanked the chain to feel the mouse. The rodent jerked back, for it had been standing over a root.
“Lead us now,” Roargorth commanded, and the mouse led them through a grassy passage by the side of the tower wall. “This ground is tainted; I sense it,” Roargorth said, holding the horned axe tight.
“I, too,” Grimdin acknowledged with a nod, and clutched the other throwing axe in his right hand.
The sound of gushing water preceded them. The mouse stopped. Grimdin and Roargorth crept forward to it, and at the end of the many slim trees to their left, a patch of turf appeared, not much different than Albert’s, except that a narrow stream of water sagged out from somewhere behind the tower to their right, and passed through the soil, reaching to the opposite end. 
Grimdin’s eyes followed the stream’s length, and at its end the stream fell from the cliff. The waterfall. Grimdin recalled the sight of the castle when he’d first seen it with Steven.
“What brings this creature to this place?” Roargorth sneered in a voice muffled by threat.
Grimdin brought the axe closer to him as if ready for a fight. He turned from the waterfall to the corner of the turf, and on a pillow made from a big white rock, he saw a terrible-looking, ugly creature, lying on its back over a bed of bones. Dear the lords of the earth.
The creature seemed to be sleeping on a lower ground level than where Grimdin stood. Although it was tremendously fat, its legs were relatively thin for something so rounded and big. Its skin seemed to be as thick as an elephant’s and as brown as dark wood. It looked like some sea lion sunbathing on the beach, and its huge stomach moved as if it were a breathing hill. Its feet were almost as high as Grimdin. And it was impossible to know if it was a female or a male from the absent organs. It had on only a gray sweater that couldn’t be buttoned, and as it slept, it blew its breath at the only tree with branches—and orange leaves.
Grimdin heard its faint snort, and he was surprised that such a fat creature could snore so quietly.
“Ah,” Roargorth whispered. “That should be it.” He pointed at a gleam coming from the trunk of a cut-down tree. 
The creature’s arms seemed quite long; for while one curled around the trunk, guarding it as if it was its precious belonging, the other lay on the ground, reaching beyond his ankles.
Silver scissors! Grimdin took a step forward. Her hair? 
“Scissors?” Roargorth exclaimed. He picked the mouse. “Are you mocking us?”
The mouse shivered. It shook its head. It wasn’t.
“We cut her hair, and…she loses her power,” Grimdin said.
The mouse shivered again. It nodded. That was correct.
They both stood speechless. Looking at that glistening object on the trunk. Grimdin eyed the mouse, scanning it for any trace of deceit, but he found nothing except two dark, honest eyes. 
“I see we are in for a great fight, then,” Roargorth whispered excitedly.
Oh dear … This is no time for recklessness, Grimdin thought, as his eyes never parted the giant’s big fists. They seemed strong enough to crush thick, hard barrels in one squeeze. If that creature woke up, their chances for survival would be worse than two hens caught in a fight with a mad cow. “I say we sneak in, take the scissors, and sneak out,” Grimdin said cautiously.
Roargorth chuckled as if he had heard a joke. “Young kin.” He patted Grimdin’s shoulder. “This is an Endrog.” His voice dropped as he took the chain from Grimdin’s hand slowly. “One cannot just take what they guard and leave in peace. Like dragons they are when it comes to what they treasure. Our ancestors fought those foul beings long ago. This Jinn we arm against is a far wicked one indeed.”
But there was a hint of delight sitting on Roargorth’s lips. It terrified Grimdin. 
“This castle, this sky, this place … everything here is bound by a strange will,” Roargorth noted. “So hark to what I say: we mustn’t be fooled.” He extended a hand toward Grimdin and whispered, “Lend me your axe.”
Grimdin knew Roargorth meant his big axe; thus he sheathed his axe and drew out the big one with both hands. Before Roargorth grabbed it, he thrust his horned axe he held into one of the chain’s rings then stabbed it into one of the trees on their left. He tugged it a little. It looked firm. He then took the double-edged axe with one hand and lifted it up, feeling its weight and toughness, scanning it carefully with his keen blacksmith’s eyes.
“A fine axe,” he finally remarked, “and I shall make it a greater one after we dine in my hall. Oh, how much I long to be in Ragradour, and be with my anvil and fine mallet.”
Grimdin nodded, with the readiness of a warrior. 
Roargorth reached down and picked up the mouse, and in a very serious manner that Grimdin saw in his kin for the first time, the Mighty Dwarf swore: “I shall not miss a fly in the sky with this axe in my hand, so make your life stay in your flesh. Be here when we’re done.” The way Roargorth had been terrorizing the mouse made Grimdin feel a bit sorry for it—but no matter, there was cunning in that mouse and Grimdin knew it.
“Son of Gor,” Roargorth hissed. “I shall be behind ye, and I shall lead the Endrog away from you once you snatch the scissors.”
Grimdin nodded.
“Hie, my kin,” Roargorth said. “Once you grab it, hie your wits. Its hands are faster than the wits of this rat.” His excitement was frightening. “Grimdin,” Roargorth whispered. “This is a battle we could not win.”
Oh dear, Grimdin shuddered. He had fought many beings in his life, but not a mythical creature that even Roargorth respected. Now, he knew he must prove his courage in front of a Mighty Dwarf. I do not blame you, lad, he thought as he recalled how Steven had felt during his first experience in battle. 
“Your bag my kin,” Roargorth said. “You can leave it with me.”
Grimdin looked at his sling-bag, and then he pondered for a moment. “Better to carry it along,” he finally said. “I’ll keep the scissors safe inside once I get them.”
“If that is the case, then, so be it.” Roargorth gave the ready nod Grimdin was waiting for. “Let’s get this done with.”
Grimdin prowled forward, watching the creature grow even bigger and bigger within his sight as he descended. He came to the running stream, and with a careful foot, he placed one foot at a time over the scattered big stones until he crossed to the other side.
I will end this, and we will come to you, Steven. So hold on, my friend. He encouraged himself with these thoughts to avoid fearing his own task. As he sneaked on, Grimdin saw Roargorth from over his shoulder, standing behind him, ready for any sudden action. But when he returned to face the Endrog, he halted. Something else moved … on the tree whose leaves waved with the Endrog’s breath. Grimdin saw a chain rustling against the tree’s bark.
The mouse?
At once, Grimdin turned and saw Roargorth doing the same. Where Roargorth had locked the mouse firmly, there was only a horned axe lying alone on the ground. Grimdin looked forward again. The mouse was standing on the branch right above the Endrog, with the chain hanging down and swinging near the Endrog’s mouth.
“Hie!” Roargorth whispered harshly at Grimdin. 
“How do I hasten there?” Grimdin grumbled. He looked up at the mouse, wanting to know what was going in its cunning head, but just then, his eyes rested on what threatened him the most, and he breathed slowly as he saw a golden bell hung from the branch below the mouse, and the Endrog breath’s swung it softly without a ring. 
Grimdin was certain that once that bell rang, nothing could stop what would happen. He took a careful step forward, “No,” he mouthed to the mouse and shook his head. But the mouse stood on its hind legs with the chain dangling down, washing its face with both hands, acting as if it didn’t understand Grimdin. Its fur flapped up and down as the Endrog breathed from underneath.
The ground shook a little with every snort from the Endrog. Grimdin inched in, glancing up at the mouse for a moment, then at the Endrog. Its huge arm seemed like a wall that he wouldn’t be able to pass over unless he climbed it—which would only wake it. So he looked to his side and glimpsed another way to the scissors: from the other end, near the Endrog’s big fist. 
He prowled past the length of the Endrog’s arm and curled his way toward the opening. And right in front of him sat the silver scissors, surrounded by the Endrog’s thick hand. They were rather bigger than any normal scissors; a bit smaller than a lawnmower; almost a foot long. That size could fit in his pack just well, Grimdin thought.
But then, the Endrog moved its free hand to its tummy while still asleep and sent out a scratchy sound of nails against skin as its long fingers scrubbed its stomach. It kept its hand there and leaned its big head to the side. Now, fat lips closed its wide mouth, and holes—each the size of a man’s fist—blew some air from its rounded nose. Its shut eyelids faced the scissors, and its cheeks were a big chunk of a cushiony pad. 
Something went on in that big, fat head, something that no mindful being could imagine. What a sight, Grimdin mused in the exact moment when he had to be afraid. What womb could bear such a beast? He stood there, amazed.
This was not a creature to upset, Grimdin warned himself to summon all the cunning he has in him for this mission. And with the mouse watching over them, Grimdin felt he was a rabbit under the watchful eyes of a cunning crow. It was inevitable. A disaster would happen. 
You filthy one, Grimdin sneered. He sheathed his throwing axe back into his belt, fastened his sling-bag to be now even firmer and tighter, and freed his fingers for the most important catch in his life.
My luck must shine, so don’t fail me, I plead you, he urged. He looked to his side and nodded at Roargorth.
Roargorth nodded back. His blade shining in his hands. 
Grimdin bolstered his courage, breathed in, and stepped forward.
Ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling!
The bell overhead rang rebelliously and then stopped at once. 
Like a moving tower, the Endrog rose and growled a wide yawn. It stretched its arms out, spanning so wide that it looked to be hugging the sky. 
On the branch, underneath the Endrog, the mouse danced in panic, squealing to the Endrog to pull its attention down.
Hush, Grimdin glared at the mouse.
“Take it, Grimdin, HIE!” Roargorth roared.
At once, Grimdin darted fast and lunged at the silver scissors. He snatched them from their place, but with a loud grunt of anger, one long arm of the Endrog swung down like a windmill and grabbed Grimdin before he landed. 
Hoisting Grimdin aloft, the Endrog examined Grimdin with a face of wonder and amazement. It gripped Grimdin, then, with the other hand, it held Grimdin with two fingers from the back collar of his shirt, and stared into the dwarf’s eyes, puzzled and perplexed. 
Grimdin drew out his dagger and held the silver scissors in his other hand. There was no chance to let this creature lead its thoughts. Quickly, he weighed his options. His pack dangled down from his stomach, and every time he eyed below, everything looked small and tiny. There was no hope for him to escape unless he or Roargorth did something. And thus the dwarven courage in Grimdin’s blood rushed to his head, he squeezed hard on his axe, bared his teeth, snarled at the Endrog, and hurled his axe at its face. 
The axe bounced off the Endrog’s skin and fell to the ground, leaving behind just a small cut between the beast’s eyes. And that was what triggered its real anger and unleashed an outrageous howl. The creature shook Grimdin, then grabbed onto Grimdin’s pack and lifted him up, taking Grimdin high above its head. With its other hand, it snatched the scissors from Grimdin’s grip and opened its mouth wide.
Grimdin scrunched up his face at the revolting smell. “Roargorth,” he cried from above. “HASTE!”
The Endrog waved its hand and stomped wildly. It toddled as it shook the ground with its feet while Grimdin struggled to keep his hold. He was like a toy in the hand of a tantrum child.
Away you go, fat beast, Grimdin urged from within and battled to lift himself up onto his pack as he saw the Endrog’s flat teeth looked like grinders the size of water barrels. It kept grinding its teeth in anticipation of biting into Grimdin, who climbed higher up his pack and clutched to its body. 
 “ROARGORTH,” he cried again, strained.
From below, the mouse squealed with enjoyment as Grimdin watched Roargorth pull back his hand, readying himself to throw the big axe. “I see it, the weak spot—the knee!” Roargorth shouted. “The mark is clear, hold, my kin, hark to what I say!”
“HASTE,” Grimdin cried louder as he struggled to hold onto his pack. He knew he wouldn’t last much longer.
But with the next harsh shake Grimdin couldn’t maintain his hold. And he slid down his pack’s strap, hands flailing to grab onto anything. He pulled on the pack’s flap as he slid down while dangling just above the Endrog’s opened mouth. And one after the other, the pack’s contents spilled down into the big wide cave of the Endrog’s mouth: pouches of coins, a feather pen, round wraps of leather, the leathery bottle of water, The Reddrons Tales of Grimdin Gor, and the golden mallet—they all fell at once. 
“No!” Grimdin cried, releasing a hand and snatching his journal by its corner before it fell, but the glow of the mallet shined like a sinking sun before it disappeared into the darkness of the Endrog’s mouth.
“Yoooooooou!” Came the loud cry of the Might Dwarf.
Roargorth was yet cursed by the golden mallet’s glow, and it was the only thing that could release Albert from his chain. 
What have I done! Grimdin cursed. 
THWACK!
The big double-edged axe stuck into the Endrog’s knee, and it groaned like a wounded elephant.
Chaos fell upon the place. The Endrog waddled unsteadily. It tossed Grimdin, his pack, and the silver scissors in the air as it waved its arms madly. 
Grimdin plummeted on his back on one of the bushes. Next to him lay his pack and journal. He rolled over, not feeling the pain in his body as his mind focused on the battle at hand.
The mad Mighty Dwarf, though, seemed still obsessed. He rammed into the Endrog, looking like some wild boar rushing at a mad giant, who hunched and warded Roargorth off with a blow, tossing him far as it toddled away toward the stream. 
“Roargorth!” Grimdin breathed at his kin, who lay on the ground, unconscious. He turned; searching for his axe or anything to fight with, but instead, the Endrog tripped over a stone in the stream and cried a dull, loud howl toward the sky. Water splashed everywhere, darkened from the Endrog’s sluggish, brown blood, and it moaned nosily as it stumbled backward in the direction of the waterfall with no balancing or control of its gigantic body.
And just behind the panicked, wounded Endrog, Grimdin’s eyes caught a glimpse of a shining instrument. The silver scissors—lying right at the brink of the cliff. There was no way Grimdin could afford losing another valuable object. He had risked enough already. He sprinted toward the scissors while putting on his pack and tucking his journal inside it. 
The towering Endrog stomped the ground as it failed to maintain its balance, leaving Grimdin with no choice except to be like a panicked ant under its feet. As the ground shook with every stomp, Grimdin ran, head to the sky; watching a fat chunk of the Endrog’s foot land not far from him. He dashed to the side and avoided his death, but now, a giant shadow grew bigger under his feet, and a strong air gushed around him. 
At once, Grimdin lunged into the air and rolled on the ground. As he came to his feet, he looked over his shoulder and saw the Endrog’s tramps fall away from him. This was his chance, and he took it. He sped to the scissors, and the moment he reached them, he hid them in his pack. When he lifted his head, he saw to his right that only a few feet separated him from the edge of the cliff. In front of him the moaning Endrog waddled backward, approaching the cliff and waterfall. It would definitely fall. Great! Grimdin breathed.
“Rrraaaaaaahh!” a cry, so loud and harsh, came from Grimdin’s left.
Roargorth was still spellbound by some strange force. He charged at the Endrog again, determined to ram into it.
“Oh dear,” Grimdin muttered, and pounced up, speeding forward as Roargorth bustled toward the stumbling Endrog like some raging bull. They came closer, all reaching the same spot. 
Roargorth leaped ahead.
Grimdin lunged onward, leaning sideways and ramming into Roargorth, knocking the Mighty Dwarf into a bush just before he struck the Endrog, who slipped back another step and fell into the torrid water and over the falls, groaning loudly a dying cry.

26.
Steven pondered a way to save everyone, but whenever he thought of something, he stumbled onto more confusion and dead ends. No matter what he thought up, he was the one who would lose first. It was hard to explain how he felt about Dorthia to Albert and Grimdin. They were determined to end her. Grimdin must be working at it. How could he ever justify it to them? He would be a madman to them if he said so. 
Why do you force your love? His eyes were fixed at Dorthia. 
He felt his body getting warmer with every thought. Whatever was the reason, Steven presumed, Albert and Dorthia were equally involved in this situation. 
No one should be blamed for loving someone, or not loving them back? No one must be judged; no one should be punished. Steven’s anger picked up from within. In his own courtroom he was defending both of them. 
He still had to deal with his guilt about how he had behaved earlier. How he had judged Olden, his father, and sometimes his friends—on many occasions, when he should have evaluated himself first. Being in this magical place, in this life-threatening situation, was like fate’s punishment for his naive and cynical behavior. He brought it upon himself.
Steven bit on his lip. There were more important matters in this life than grief and vengeance and one’s selfish dreams. 
Now, he wanted to slap both of Dorthia and Albert and restrain them as if they were children in a silly fight. 
I must find a way, he urged from within.
For this, he went through everything he had discovered throughout his journey; he knew there was an ambiguous reason toying with all this.
But then, the ground under his feet, and stretching to the desert, had become fully green. Dorthia moved her hands fast in the air now. Her appearance had changed as if this process drained her entire energy. Her hair black and short. Her dress almost dark green. Steven couldn’t see her face—the true face of Dorthia.
She called in a loud voice at the storm: “Storm and sun, my anger, my heart … I call you now. Bring the hidden road out for me.” Her hair curled some more from below…and her feet were off the ground just a bit. 
What unfolded before Steven silenced his thoughts. That sight could only mean one thing to Steven: If in her original form Dorthia was a woman, was she a ghost in her other form? He shivered. Now, in front of him, the wild wind that conceived the storm had settled. And a mirage appeared from the depth of desert. It stretched sideways and grew big and blurry and watery, like an approaching tidal wave. It expanded into the west and east as Dorthia stood taming it with her hands apart, welcoming its arrival. 
This is impossible. Steven gaped. The reflection of the forest was in the wobbling mirage. The right side darkened, and the left was charming, almost like how it was at the other side of the storm.
The mirage reached Dorthia, and the desert vanished. The twilight path went onward now; under the arched arbors of dark and garnished trees, with no dust covering its bricks anymore.
Even though Steven didn’t know how his heart felt toward Dorthia, he was certain that it did not hate her. But he knew he must keep up his act, he knew he couldn’t share his intensions with her. The risk was high. She will kill me once she learns everything, he reminded himself. 
Whatever Steven had wished for earlier was nothing but blind altruism now. 
Dorthia clapped once, and after a little while her two attendants appeared from the darkened end of the twilight path. She gazed above at the sky, and as the maidens approached, she turned to them and welcomed them with open arms.
“Come to me, my fair ones,” she said. Her voice was different. It was tender and sweet. “The lights are happy, my soul sings, my heart is no more in worry, so come to me and let us sing together.” Her hands stretched out wide as if she wanted to hug them both.
Without looking back, she waved a hand toward Steven for her attendants and went under the arched arbors. The attendants came closer. Steven kept his eyes partially opened, even though Dorthia was quite far, and that her mood—for some strange and sudden reason—seemed faraway from being disturbed by anything. But Steven felt that now, whatever was her reason and the cause of this situation, Steven had to deal with it, and fast. His act had lasted too long already. He must act soon. There was no telling what a ghost would do to him. 
One attendant stood on each side, and their soft fingers grasped his arms and lifted him up. They walked him with his arms over their shoulders like some wounded soldier. 
I still have to find a way out. I can’t depend on Grimdin for this now; it will be too risky. He’s far, and I’m not sure he knows where I am now. He pushed his mind to find another way to escape.
A muffled buzz came in the air. Hummingbirds joined from the charming forest. The scent of jasmine became stronger now, and unseen birds crooned throughout the charming woods.
As Dorthia proceeded ahead, she sang:
 
“Come along, my little things,
Come and sing with me.
 
Let us live for life is sweet, let us dance the night.
For my mystical light is home at last; love is real for me.”
 
What? Doubt stung Steven. And while Dorthia was busy, Steven lifted his head up to the sky: the night now stretched out over a faint pink shimmering light.
Oh … no. What has happened to Albert? Why is it turning red? Steven felt everything was crumbling too soon. How could this be? We have gone through so much … for nothing? Why, Albert? Why! Have you lost your faith in us?
Dorthia took the path to her cottage, with her two attendants following her and dragging Steven along. She hummed as they departed from the crescent white stones into the dark forest, lit by many glowing, tiny creatures floating a few feet above the ground. The path curved until the cottage appeared, and its fireplace tossed a yellow light out from an open window. Dorthia passed through the door without opening. And only after she disappeared the door opened inward by itself. The flames were white, and the place was warm.
The attendants got Steven lying down on a long chair. It was between the open window and the door, facing the white flames that tickled the bottom of the silver tonic bowl. Everything in his side was tilted halfway. He watched through his sneaky view both attendants go into the dark room, while Dorthia sat not far from the fireplace, facing it. 
“Dance, my lovely flames. Dance your heart with me,” Dorthia said. And when she finished, the flames flickered as if they understood her.
Dorthia pulled her hair gently and draped it over her shoulder. Her skin was a bit fair and her gown was purple to green. Her hands went along her hair’s length, now humming to it as a mother would hum a lullaby to put her baby into sleep. The attendants returned with chairs. One sat next to the pot at the fireplace and started stirring it, while the other sat behind Dorthia with a golden bowl that had strands of golden hair in it. It was a familiar sight. 
Steven stole a deep silent breath. What should I do?
The woman at the fireplace ladled liquid from the pot onto the fair hair in the golden bowl, and the other maiden stirred the mixture with the golden comb.
This will take them some time—enough time for me to think…or run away. I will find something outside, but first I must leave … fast. Steven recalled watching this scene before.
Up and down, the maiden combed Dorthia’s hair, dripping golden stains onto the wooden floor. 
“What must I do with this lad?” Dorthia said. “Tell me, flames.”
Her words threw a strong pulse out of Steven’s heart. He felt it in his stomach. He listened closely.
“Nothing matters now,” Dorthia continued her one-sided conversation with the fire. “I do not care what happened, I do not care who sent him. Life is kind, and I shall not grieve from today…I do not need to waste my energy anymore.”
Great.
Dorthia hummed again as the combing continued. Her skin became even fairer, like the sand of the beach, and her dress became teal rather than purple and green. Even her hair changed. It became straight and sleek as it reached to the ground.
“Comb it, my dear. Comb it right,” Dorthia said.
Now, Steven, eyes wide open, realized his chance. The door to his right was opened, and the window to his left was opened, too. He calculated: About four steps to the door, and five to the window. He was unsure of which way to go. The window … yes. They will think I left through the door, and then I will have my chance to flee. 
Deep in his chest his heart pounded from suspense, and it beat even faster as he saw Dorthia reach for the golden bell that dangled under the mantelpiece.
“Where did Hema go?” Dorthia asked.
Hema? … the mouse!
The bell swung back and forth and stopped. A few seconds later she touched the bell again. 
Steven waited along with Dorthia, but they heard nothing.
“Hema, where are you?”
Steven closed his eyes and pondered. What if it comes? What if she knows Grimdin is still alive? This is bad, really bad. I must run away before anything happens. No way Grimdin is going to be here before her mouse. Once the time comes, I’ll jump through the window. He bolstered himself, and the opened window tempted him.
Then he felt something jab his leg. Gor’s dagger! Steven had almost forgotten he had it with him, still tucked inside its sheath: his sock.
“I know what I will do with him, flames,” Dorthia said. “He’s handsome, he’s witty, he’s stubborn and bold,” she said. “I’ll make him a butterfly!”
What? Steven thought. 
“Or, yes, a steed for my Albert. Yes, I’ll make him that. It will be a pleasant gift.”
The white flames crackled under the pot as if agreeing with her.
A steed? And I’m handsome. Steven smiled, then went back to feigning his unconsciousness and chided himself: What are you thinking, man? RUN!
But just then when he was summoning some courage to move, Dorthia rose from her seat like a true queen and blocked Steven’s view of the fireplace.
Oh no!
She leaned over and studied his face curiously. Steven felt her breath almost hissing her intentions to him. 
“Bring me a night lily and water from Amardeen,” she said. “The shade is everywhere, so nothing faulty shall come from the light.” Her voice became far-off now.
As obedient as always, footsteps broke the silence of the place, and they sounded heading toward the door.
“Hema, Hema … where have you gone?” Dorthia muttered. This time her voice grew farther from before, and her humming—which came after, was muffled and blocked by great distance. 
Steven took the risk. He cracked his eyes open a bit. There was no one in his sight. Dorthia was in the dark room. The attendants must have left the place.
Steven sat straight. He pulled out Gor’s dagger, not knowing why, and NOW! He was on his feet. Eyes wide open. Ears catching everything, and heart pounding as if in a race. Instead of the window, he headed to the door. And took off, racing through the entryway and over the white stones, running as fast as he could.
“Nooooooooooooo!” 
The cry made him shiver. Dorthia’s rave turned the tiny, bright creatures in the forest dark, and so was for everything around Steven.

27.
At the edge of the cliff, Grimdin stared at the looming mist of the waterfall below. He gritted his teeth at the tremendous height, and at the great loss. The mallet was gone now.
Roargorth swaggered out from behind the bush, he brushed mud and leaves from his shirt and back. “Where is that Endrog, Grimdin?”
Grimdin pointed below, not ready to utter the answer yet. He felt his shoulder complain from pain, as if he had rammed himself into a wall.
“What a fight, my kin!” Roargorth said, sidling up next to Grimdin. “Did you see? It tossed me there with a swing.” Roargorth pointed at the bush he’d come out of. “That is a daring power, and methought this fight was impossible . . . my eyes were blinded by immense light. Suddenly the sky spun in my eyes. What happened?”
Grimdin did not comment on the matter. “We fought well,” he said.
Roargorth blinked. Then, he gave a rare smile. His golden tooth shined. “Good force, my kin. Not the wiser Gor himself could have fought that well,” he said, and started pulling a few more leaves off his shirt. 
It fascinated Grimdin to realize the power of Dorthia’s curse, but the mallet is gone, he cursed from within. How will I free King Albert now! Oh dear the sky and ground, what must I do? He squeezed a hard fist, feeling the guilt of grabbing at his journal instead of the mallet. It was as if his conscious denied accepting other’s needs as important as his. He hated himself for this. With his actions, he had decided Albert’s fate…and Steven’s. Dorthia’s castle seemed to toy with his true feelings, and use them against him.
Grimdin’s beard waved in the wind. He stared at the mist below with sullen and uncomfortable silence.
“Have you got the scissors?” Roargorth said.
“Yes, safe in my pack.” 
The pack hung open, and Grimdin eyed the silver shine, despising their owner—and the one who had caused his new misery. That grub, that filthy RAT! Dirt of our grounds! He turned, searching for the mouse.
Roargorth nodded, seeming to understand what was on Grimdin’s mind. A smirk played on his lips. Grimdin headed to the stream. They scanned the bushes as they prowled on. Four upset eyes darted back and forth. Both boiling for revenge.
Grimdin found his horned axe and picked it up. “RAT!” he shouted.
“Show your wits,” Roargorth scolded.
They sneaked to where the Endrog had slept. “I sense its fear,” Roargorth hissed.
Yes, he’s here! Grimdin restrained his rage from turning him into a mad dwarf. He, too, sensed within his dwarven nature that the mouse’s presence secreted itself somewhere in these grounds. 
“Rat is afraid and Roargorth is angry. Yes, I sense you wherever you hide and I will find ye,” Roargorth’s voice rose into a growl.
Grimdin, though, shared no words, focusing his energy on listening for a trembling mouse above the noise of the nearby water. 
But then—
Ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling! 
A ringing bell came noisily and madly through the woods, and it didn’t stop.
The sound brought back a sleeping memory in Grimdin’s head: in the gloomy forest, in her cottage, Dorthia had touched a small golden bell, and a white mouse hurried to her with that exact same ring.
Steven! Grimdin snapped toward the sound of the rings. “They have reached the cottage!” Grimdin shouted.
“There,” Roargorth pointed in the direction of the ringing, and they dashed toward the tall branchless trees. 
“I see you!” Roargorth growled, pointing. 
The mouse with its chain was leading itself through tall trees that appeared more like bamboo. Roargorth shouldered himself into the stand of trees, with hands pushing the thin tree reeds apart.
“You!” Grimdin pointed at the mouse with his axe. I’ll kill you! he snarled. They had underestimated that creature. It was to the rodent’s advantage to drag the dwarves into the woods, making it harder for them to pass through while it would be easier for it to twist its way through the trees. 
The mouse fled between the woods, hampered only a little by the chain. It was nearing the end of the trees. But the only way out was through the tower’s entrance, and Grimdin knew it. 
“Hold on, my friend,” he muttered to himself and raced back from where they had entered the turf, eyes on the mouse and hands clasping the axe.
The mouse neared the last of the trees. Roargorth had fallen behind, though, struggling to close the gap that separated him from the mouse. But Grimdin turned sharply to the right and sped toward the entrance of the tower before the mouse did.
“THERE! Catch it, Grimdin!” the Mighty Dwarf shouted.
Grimdin saw the glint of the mouse’s chain leaving the trees to his side. “Hold on!” He cried and leaped over a small bush in his way. “YOU!” he yelled at the sight of the mouse ahead of him. He sped on as fast as he could toward the entrance. But the mouse was faster with all four legs kicking the ground for more speed. It passed through the tower’s entrance, squealing a sound that was drowned out by the ringing bell.
Grimdin threw himself in the air, dropping his axe and opening his arms wide to grab at the chain. He growled, landing hard, fumbling his fingers at the chain links but the dirt from the forest had greased it, and it slipped out of Grimdin’s fist.
“Nooooooo!” Grimdin yelled as he watched the mouse flee through the corridor. But, a shadow passed over Grimdin as if it belonged to a flying giant. He looked up; it was Roargorth leaping over him. The Mighty Dwarf rolled on the ground as he landed, picked up the axe, and threw it at his target, hurling it as he shook the walls of the corridor, crying loud the name of his dwarven crown: “Ragradoooouuur!”
The mouse darted forward even faster. It came to the end of the corridor, took a sharp turn and jumped and vanished behind the bend, escaping from the mad dwarves and the flying axe. But Roargorth’s aim was at the chain, and the horned axe drilled through one of the last rings of the chain before it disappeared with the mouse behind the bend. 
Now, the mouse dangled with all his cunning stuck in its belly. It was nailed down in a grip it could never escape.
Without missing a beat, Grimdin jumped to his feet and dashed into the corridor that echoed with the sound of the ringing bell. Roargorth stomped behind. Grimdin grabbed the mouse by its belly. He squeezed hard and glowered at it with a tearful eye, then yanked the axe, and held it under the mouse’s neck. It averted from fear, closed its eye, but Grimdin made it feel how cold and imminent his death wish was. 
No more games or cunning rounds. There was no mercy in Grimdin’s heart anymore. “TAKE US TO HER!” he yelled in its face.
The mouse nodded at once.
Grimdin handed the axe to Roargorth and fastened the chain tightly around his fist. With a hard thrust, he threw it at the stairs, and shouted, “Move!” 
The mouse hopped up into the grooves along the wall, then scampered with great speed up the stairs.
There was time in one’s life when they begin to care less about anyone around them, and put everything they have toward one single task. It was in this moment that Grimdin renounced his commitment to everything. He didn’t care about Albert, nor about the golden chain and the lost mallet, nor about himself or his father or Elisa or anyone else, there was only Steven in his mind, for Steven’s selfless act had made him a hero in the dwarf’s eyes. I am coming, Steven. Hold on, my friend. Hold on, I say!
Dear the lords of the deepest grounds, lead me to the way out of here … dear the lords of the deepest grounds, lead me to the way out of here, Grimdin prayed for a faster escape, for the way back seemed impossible as he could see through the staircase windows that the castle gate was locked, and, beyond it lay the desert, and the long path to the cottage after that, and—
A gleaming object! 
Yes, he thought as his eyes caught Albert’s chain descending from the ivory tower. The sight freed him from the red clouds of rage. He halted at once and yanked the mouse back in his fist.
 “What is it, my kin?” Roargorth stopped.
Grimdin instead cried in the mouse’s face. “Take us to Roargorth’s hall!” And he threw the mouse back onto the stairs.
The mouse jumped in a groove and raced as hard as the bell rang. Roargorth didn’t argue or protest, he ran along behind. 
They left the spiral stairs, and came to the invisible bends. Roargorth’s hall appeared afterward, still obsessed by its own gloomy atmosphere. 
Grimdin pulled the mouse into his fist, and ran even faster. “Haste, Roargorth,” he shouted over his shoulder. 
They passed through the hall’s doorway. Now they were at the anvil. Grimdin flipped his pack open and pulled out the silver scissors. He grabbed the mouse and brought it close to his face. “By this silver I’ll cut your throat,” he snarled, then tossed the mouse into his pack along with the scissors and fastened the flap shut.
The blacksmith came up from behind, gasping and leaning on the anvil with both hands. He breathed hard.
“Come to this side,” Grimdin ordered Roargorth. He pointed at the other side of the chain.
With no questioning, Roargorth moved next to Grimdin; between them were the big rings of Albert’s chain. It declined toward the tall window bellow and vanished beyond it. Roargorth pressed his back against the podium. He was only a foot away from slipping and falling into the endless void. 
“Grimdin?” he said, with a tone of hesitation in his call.
“Give me my axe!” Grimdin said in a hurried grunt.
Roargorth passed the other horned axe to him with no questions asked. Grimdin sheathed it in his belt instantly. He threw Roargorth his pack’s strap, letting it lay across the chain. 
“Grab hold of the strap, tighten it in your arms, quickly now, for time is not in our favor,” Grimdin said as he clutched his pack from the other side. He cocked his head at the long window from which the golden chain slanted upward to where they stood. “Our fastest way is by this chain and the speed of our weight.”
Roargorth stared for an instant, then twisted the strap around his wrists and gripped it tightly.
Now, on one side of the chain was Grimdin, hugging the body of his bag tightly to his chest, while on the other side was Roargorth, grabbing the strap in clutched fists with uncertainty in his eyes. 
“Hold tight, mighty kin,” Grimdin said, and pulled himself down balancing himself against Roargorth’s heavy body. 
Roargorth’s opened his mouth. “But my k—” 
But Grimdin thrust himself forward, feeling Roargorth doing the same even as the Mighty Dwarf yelled out “kiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnn!” 
They slid down the length of the golden chain, out through the window and darkness of the hall, and into the open air and the vast expanse of the sky.

28.
Panic drummed in Steven’s chest. He shuddered and halted his frantic steps. The thought of Dorthia’s possible punishment if he were caught was awful: if in her gay mood she fancied him as a steed, what would she do in her upset mood … make him a crippled frog? or… kill him.
The pink colors of the shimmering lights above him electrified his mind. “Albert!” And he raced forward over the white stones. Behind him Dorthia’s groan howled into the dark forest and silenced her entire realm, as if it hushed so that she could hear Steven’s frightened breaths and heartbeats. 
Steven sprinted down the twilight path and past the charming trees. Albert’s patch of turf came closer. The moment he reached it, he dashed forward, lifted by hope as he saw Albert sitting on his throne, in despair, and throwing a stone into the spring.
“Amberhill boy!” Albert cried. He came down his seat and around the spring, coming as far as the chain would allow him. Steven bent over. His hands on his knees. He coughed and gasped.
“You are alive!” Albert said, struck with disbelief. “She came here with her guardian after you left, and she inquired if anything abnormal had happened, but I told her nothing had, then promised her my love, but she didn’t believe me. She swore that something had happened. She swore that I would never love her. So I had to. I had to do something.…I thought she found you. I thought you were all gone and dead. I had to force myself to start to give in and end this agony,” Albert said, almost crying with relief. “But there you are, and… where is Gor’s son?” the king asked, searching around.
Steven shook his head regretfully. He stood up and took a few steps toward the king, puffing as his chest pumped more air into his lungs. 
“Where is Grimdin? Where is the mallet? Did you find what kills her?” Albert asked, his eyes told he knew the answer, but his words demanded a different one. 
“I don’t know! Grimdin was left behind,” Steven said. He didn’t know what to do. Everything seemed to crumble: their task, their friendship and now, their lives. Dorthia would come and nothing they could do would stop her. 
Albert frowned. “We will end this,” he said. His stern looks told of his vengeance; of being tired from this humiliation and disgrace. He wanted to end it all. He snatched Gor’s dagger from Steven’s hand and stared beyond the turf’s entrance. “Is she coming?” he said.
“Yes, but there must be another way to end this,” Steven pleaded; he knew they didn’t have a chance to stand against her, and yet, he felt, there was still hope for something to be done. Something less damaging for everything. “We can’t kill her.” 
But Albert was blinded by vengeance now. “Lure her closer to me when she comes,” he said behind chided teeth.
“But, she is…”
“HOW DARE YOU!”
Steven turned. 
Dorthia emerge from the trees, followed by the two maidens, who stopped at the turf’s edge. She snarled at Steven with rage in her eyes. And in a speed of a spark, she stood in front of him. Her hands shot out; grabbing his throat; squeezing him harder than her stone warrior had.
She lifted him off the ground. Her doe eyes filled with malice…then tears. Her arms trembled, and Steven could feel them. Her nails cutting, like razors on his neck. “Who sent you to my castle?” she said behind clutched teeth.
Steven didn’t say a word.
“WHO SENT YOU!” her voice shook his bones. “Did he show you the way?” Did he send you to kill me?”
In that moment, saying the truth was the only possible thing, and Steven couldn’t lie or act anymore, for it had brought nothing but trouble and sadness. Somehow Steven felt he shouldn’t be afraid anymore, and that he shouldn’t even be brave. He knew that no dagger could penetrate Dorthia’s heart deeper than the truth. And he nodded, sad from pity, sorry for being the one to break her heart and crush her world, for he was certain his answer would melt her soul in a sea of grief.
Her grip on his throat softened. Steven saw Dorthia look up where the starry night hung a shimmering light. He forced himself to look upward. The lights had turned from pink into absolute darkness, and when he looked back at Dorthia, her eyes were gleaming with tears.
She looked at Albert. “Do you not love me?” A tear broke free and slid down her cheek. “Do you … Do you hate me?”
“Yes,” Albert snarled.
Steven felt for her right then. It was too late, though, for Dorthia raised her other hand and clamped it onto Steven’s throat. Her skin darkened, her hair lost its luster, her dress had turned purple, covered in freckles of green. Her grip on him felt like all her endured angst and power flowed out through her fingers. 
He screeched, squirming to escape.
“All I wanted was to be loved.” Her tears traced lines on her fair cheeks. “All I want is to be found.” She lifted Steven even higher, growling from a broken heart.
Steven’s face paled. He could feel his life slipping away. His eyes caught Albert fall to his knees, grabbing at the mud with Gor’s dagger still in his hand, not able to watch and helpless as he always had been. Breathing never was as hard, and so limited. Steven kicked his legs in the air, grabbing her hands to pull them away as he felt the last beats of his heart fleeing from him. His eyes went dim, but then Dorthia’s grip softened. She turned away, eyes searching for something around.
The air flew back through his throat as Steven gasped for it. He opened his eyes wide. His ears caught a faint sound, coming to them from somewhere in the woods. It had distracted Dorthia.
It came louder, nearer, and faster. It was the sound of a ringing bell tolled from behind the trees. Dorthia’s eyes jerked away from Steven, searching for the source. She loosened her death grip but did not let him go. Steven followed her eyes as they searched the ground, the air, between the trees, trying to pinpoint the loud and clear rings of her golden bell that seemed to be coming from everywhere, but it was near…very near.
From the bloomed cherry tree next to her, the castle guardian jumped down from a branch and landed on her shoulder. It warbled its squeals into her ear while the bell kept tolling hard.
The king rose to his feet, and Dorthia slammed Steven on the ground. With a finger she reached slowly to the golden bell as she listened to the mouse’s harried words.
Her eyes opened wide. Her mouth gaped as what the mouse said sunk into her head. Now, after the mouse’s bell stopped ringing, Steven heard loud footsteps rushing over the damp ground.
And coming out of the woods, standing proud, was Roargorth the Mighty Dwarf, sneering and glaring with a horned axe in his hand.
The mouse trembled and jumped back up to the tree branch as Dorthia raised her hand and turned sharply to face Roargorth, mumbling a curse as her hair swung freely. And in that instant, from the tree behind her Grimdin Gor leaped out, with the silver scissors in his hand, opened wide to receive between its blades Dorthia’s hair swinging freely.
He sliced a giant chunk of her hair and landed and rolled on the ground as Dorthia waved her hand at Roargorth, casting a spell that didn’t seem to work. 
Not believing what had just happened, Dorthia stumbled back, stepping on the fair tresses of her cut hair. She looked at everyone, shocked, with eyes realizing everyone who conspired to kill her. Steven felt responsible and sorry. But Albert snarled, and with an angry and fierce determination in his glare, the king pulled his arm back, summoned his strength, and threw Gor’s dagger with all the power he had left, knowing it would take her life, believing it would return his crown, wanting for this all to end so he could have his Elisa back in his arms. 
“DIE!” he bellowed.
“No!” Steven cried as the dagger spun toward Dorthia. 
She lifted her gaze, and spread her hands apart; deflecting the dagger, as if she was shielded by some strange, mystical, and invisible force, as if cutting her hair wasn’t the real source to drain her powers. There were still tears in her eyes, and she stared at Albert, sad and in despair.
“THROW IT HERE!” Albert yelled at Roargorth, motioning him to toss him the horned axe. “THROW IT TO ME!” he shouted again.
But Roargorth did not move. Neither did Steven, nor Grimdin or her mouse. All halted in their places, bedazzled at Dorthia’s transformation into her true self.
The fair shine in her hair dissolved into sheer darkness, growing long again and reaching below her waist. The tresses of her hair draped over her shoulders like a dark curtain, so elegant in its curls and twists. Her skin tanned just a little more, and her eyes darkened above cheeks that now had the blush of an evening sky.
Steven couldn’t stop staring at her, for what he saw was a beautiful lady—a hundred times more beautiful than any lady he had ever met. In her dark, sad eyes, he saw a windswept life, one that danced about the starry nights, traipsing through a world of hills, trees, and gentle breezes—before it was abandoned in a forlorn cave, cold with neglect, lonely from love.
Looking away from her beauty wasn’t easy, and Steven was transfixed to the level that he felt time had stopped. He was hypnotized, awed, captivated by a sudden and strong feeling of love that was familiar to his heart. He had felt it before, but was never able to confess about it to the one he liked. “You. Are. Beautiful.” He breathed out the words that he could no longer hold within. It was as if he was seeing a beautiful creature for the first time. 
Everyone there watched as the three words flowed into Dorthia’s ears and enlivened her eyes just a bit, as if these simple and dear words told her how mesmerizing she was and how the verve within herself could touch everyone’s heart and make them feel cherished like stars in a galaxy.
In that small moment when Steven’s eyes met Dorthia’s, Steven felt his life had changed. It began again. The entire world was suddenly charmed. Hope was back like Godsend: kind and elating, renewing everything with beauty and wonderment.
Dorthia let out a faint smile, and with it another tear fell onto the grass. In its place, buds of jasmine appeared, opening up to a full bloom. She reached out her arm gently to her castle guardian. It scampered back to her shoulder and stood on its two hind legs, hugged by its own fur. 
She looked up to her sky with eyes now content with the story of her life. And then, she gracefully floated up into the air, pointing at Albert, gazing at him with a tranquil farewell that spoke of her love and restlessness, of her apology and forgiveness. In a soft move of her hand, she waved at Albert, and a blinding light shined out from around her that made everyone shield their eyes with their hands. When the bright light disappeared, a bell rang three times, and they saw in front of them the magical door rising out from a misty smoke. It swung inward, inviting them to return back home.
Steven saw Albert examine the chain. Whereas once it was thick and golden, it had now turned thin and rusty. Albert jerked his leg and the chain dissolved into golden dust, melting into the damp ground and springing back up as a long white line of jasmine buds.
From behind the cherry tree, two gazelles hopped out. They paused at everyone, tilted their heads as if perplexed, and then left through the magical door. A moment later, Dorthia’s helpers appeared and followed the gazelles; hypnotized as before. Albert didn’t wait. He hurried behind them without pausing to acknowledge those who fought for their lives to save his. And to Steven, that explained a lot. He sensed how Albert must have felt ashamed of himself. Perhaps his trouble with Dorthia could have been resolved in a better manner, if only he had welcomed her with kindness and treated her with respect. After all, what harm could someone in love do to anyone? If only Albert dared to respect Dorthia and share his honest feelings without showing any malice or contempt. There was no harm for being loved. After what he saw of Dorthia, he felt she might have buried her feelings for that honesty, if she was only given the chance.
Grimdin walked over to Steven and gave a smile that Steven had missed. 
But then Steven remembered something: a promise he had vowed to do lest Grimdin delayed. So instead of jumping up or taking him by his hand, he reached for Grimdin’s beard and pulled it; making Grimdin groan from sudden pain, and helping himself stand up.
Steven clapped his hands as if Grimdin’s beard had dust on it, and then he stretched his shirt down. He looked at the dwarf, a frown and surprise and a smile all stuck in Grimdin’s eyes and lips. 
“It’s good to see you again, Grimdin,” he said, holding in his laugh. “You were late. And you see, I gave myself a promise when I was alone with Dorthia. I had to fulfill it.”
Grimdin paused, perplexed, then, he laughed out loud. He hugged Steven to his heart. “That’s the last time you touch it,” he warned with his index finger. 
“I’ll try.”
“Thank you for all this, Steven.” Grimdin nodded. “Thank you for being yourself.”
Steven smiled his reply.
“It’s over now. She’s gone with peace in her heart.” Grimdin’s stare made Steven feel as if the dwarf was looking into his soul. “Your true reckless and fearless self is deep within you, my dear friend,” Grimdin said. “That must be what you truly are, that must be what makes you fear no one. You only lack experience with life, and that’s all that stands against your true nature. What a man you shall become when you grow up.”
Steven didn’t know what to say. He wanted to answer back, but nothing came to his mind to match such words. All he could offer was: “I know.” And he looked at his nails.
Grimdin laughed again, and so did Steven. Tears had filled both their eyes. 
Then, a few feet away, Steven caught Gor’s dagger. He hurried to it, picked it up, and returned to Grimdin. “I almost lost hope in you, Grimdin, but you are the Valor of the Deep.” Steven said. “I’m glad you returned.” He leaned down as he offered the dagger. “Gor’s dagger. I return it to you as I promised. See, I told you I fulfill my promises.”
Grimdin took the blade, and then Steven felt a heavy tap on his shoulder.
“I waited and waited for you two to finish your talks, but by the lords, you speak!” came a deep voice behind. Roargorth appeared and stood in his mighty stature next to Steven’s side. His smile stretched on his face as he gave Steven another hard pat on the shoulder. “A noble man is all in his actions, master Steven,” he said. “It’s the honor of the Mights to meet such a rare kind.”
When Roargorth bowed, Steven was wowed. How could such a beastly dwarf be so tamed and courteous? He didn’t know how to respond to the Mighty Dwarf, so he bowed in return.
“Come on, lads. Hie your wits now,” Roargorth said.
Hie? Steven was confused.
“Hie your wits!” Roargorth cried again and threw his thick arm around Steven’s shoulder, already considering him a friend. “Let’s feast our happy day. A merry time this is to me, and I am hungry,” he shouted, revealing his golden tooth, which got Steven laughing admirably.
Grimdin picked the scissors up. They had turned from silver to brass. He tucked them in his pack. “Let’s go,” he said.
Steven looked at the dark sky overhead, and a single star—distant and bright—shone in the heart of the night. 
Farewell, Dorthia. 
He smiled and stepped forward with Grimdin and Roargorth by his side, leaving Dorthia’s realm to disappear through the magical doorway.

29.
Steven emerged from the magic door first. Grimdin followed, but Roargorth did not show up.
“Where is he?” Steven asked, a bit concerned.
“Aaah,” Roargorth breathed as he strode out of the doorway. He came down the three steps, looking dazzled by their travels. “Methought I walked through clouds.” He laughed.
The magical door evaporated into a thin white line under the smoldering fire that soon turned into gray ash.
“That is the end of Dorthia’s realm,” Grimdin said.
No one was in the room except them, and judging by the outside light, the sunrise was not far. Someone knocked on the door, and a lady came into the room—one of the cursed attendants—but this time she had her senses. She bowed. “The king awaits you all in his hall, so please follow me,” she said, and waited outside.
“How things change,” Grimdin said.
“Come on, hie now. None shall keep a lady waiting,” Roargorth bellowed as he swaggered outside the room before everyone. 
“Take us to him, fair lady,” Roargorth said to her in a tender way. It was strange to have it said in this fashion from a person like him. And with Roargorth next to her, Steven and Grimdin followed along as she escorted them down the spiral stairs. The Mighty Dwarf stared at the maiden, but she faced ahead, paying no attention to anyone.
“What’s your name, maiden of your kings?” Roargorth asked.
“Lila,” she answered. She opened the door for them to leave the tower.
The concentrated scent of jasmine had disappeared, and soon they were outside, strolling through the garden toward the castle. The morning breeze was at its best, and the fresh air was filled with life.
“Where do you think she went?” Grimdin whispered to Steven.
Steven knew Grimdin meant Dorthia. “To the stars,” he replied and smiled. “I hope Elisa is back after all that we have gone through.”
“I hope that too.”
“Did you find anything about your father?”
Grimdin did not reply. His silence spoke in his stead. Steven did not want to celebrate that moment in sad thoughts though. He felt for Grimdin, but he had faith that he would find his father soon.
“I’m starving,” he said, a hand on his stomach. “Really hungry. I’ll eat anything.”
“Me too,” Grimdin acknowledged. “I pray we get a decent breakfast for our troubles.”
“We might not?” 
Grimdin nudged his shoulder and winked. “Crunchdough opens early.” He gave Steven a gentle tap on the back.
“Good,” Steven said. “So, what are your plans now?” he asked as he felt their journey was ending.
“I am not sure. I must be certain of one thing before,” Grimdin said. “Why don’t you come along, Steven? You love adventures and we make a good team.”
Steven gazed ahead at the trees and the bushes in the garden. There was only Amberhill in his mind now. He sighed and nodded at the decision he came to in his heart. “I think it’s time for me to go back home.”
“I am sure it is,” Grimdin said.
“Ha-ha-ha!” Roargorth’s guffaw sounded as if it a bear was being tickled. “Must your master have chosen you! Ha-ha-ha!” His body shook in front of them as he laughed at whatever he and Lila had been talking about.
“What will he do?” Steven asked Grimdin, tilting his head toward Roargorth.
“I don’t know.” Grimdin had a chuckle in his tone.
“We are going to dine in my hall, my kin, and search for that troublesome father your have,” Roargorth said, turning and glancing back at them as he swaggered ahead.
Wow. He heard us. Steven shared his amazement with Grimdin, but the dwarf did not seem surprised.
They finally came to the castle and passed through the corridor, which was dimmed by the faint light of the coming sunrise. At the small inner garden of the castle, Albert stood before them, now dressed in a white fluffy shirt with a red velvet ribbon wrapped around his waist, serving as a belt for his long brown trousers. His slippers sported colorful gems, and his open red velvet robe was bordered with golden threads, and the castle of Agragort emblem was embroidered on its chest. Where was that weak Albert they met earlier? It was hard to believe they both belonged to the same person.
Lila bowed to her king and left.
“Farewell, Lila.” Roargorth waved to the maiden, who left without answering or turning back.
The Mighty Dwarf faced the king and broadened his shoulders, standing proud, as if he was Albert’s king or equal. Steven, though, saw in Roargorth a person who was passionate and lenient, not just someone who could only beat metal with a mallet and bellow his words and swagger as he walked. It was as if Roargorth was a lion who could find his heart in a rose. 
Albert smiled at them. Steven and Grimdin said nothing, but Roargorth broke the silence. “Kindness compels you to thank those who lent their arms, kind king from your great ancestors,” Roargorth said, looking almost annoyed.
“I apologize,” Albert said. “You are wise and right as you always have been, mighty Roargorth.” Then the king bowed to Steven and Grimdin.
As Grimdin blushed, Steven could only feel flattered by Albert’s sudden modesty. Cool! 
“Oh,” Albert said, as if he remembered something. “By the way, I found him sleeping like a king in my bed.” He chuckled and so did Steven and Grimdin, but Roargorth just raised an eyebrow for he did not know Albert was speaking of his cursed butler. The king winked as he continued: “He dares not question his real king.”
“Thank you all for your help,” Albert said like a kind friend. “Agragort will always be thankful, and you are always welcome in my humble kingdom.” He opened his arms wide as if he wanted to hug them all.
We’ll see about that. Steven smiled.
“Very well then,” Albert said, “do not bother retrieving your belongings. I had my people fetch them for you from Udrin’s Inn. They are on it as we speak.”
Steven and Grimdin were baffled.
“We are organized like bees here,” Albert remarked, answering Grimdin and Steven’s doubts before they could say anything. “I see you have signed your name in as Grimdin Gor, father of Clarice G. Gor.”
He didn’t forget that! I almost did. Steven thought.
“You have a daughter that I don’t know of?” Roargorth said, looking confused and somehow disappointed. “And you brought her along?”
Steven laughed. He saw how Grimdin’s pale face turned red.
“I have not brought anyone along, but I shall tell you everything when the right time comes.”
“Indeed you will, dwarf,” Roargorth huffed.
Steven couldn’t help it. Tears were in his eyes. He had really gotten Grimdin into deep trouble now.
“I will get you on the road to your crown on the following sunrise, mighty Roargorth,” Albert said. “And as for you, Steven of Amberhill …” Albert looked at Steven and shook his head. “I do not know how to get you back to Amberhill, but you are welcome in my hospitality until we find your way back.” He opened his hand as if showing them the castle. “You all shall stay here, in my castle, every time you come to visit us until you get bored with our lands.”
“Bored with your lands?” Grimdin said with a snort.
“I shall come here whenever I please, then,” Roargorth said.
Albert’s words worried Steven, though. So I’m still stuck here? He didn’t know what to do now.
Outside, the sun was just rising, and its heat preceded its arrival as it warmed the chill in the breeze. A guard came into the garden. He bowed and said, “Your Highness, everything is in place.”
“Thank you,” said Albert.
The guard bowed and left.
“Please follow me.” Albert waved his hand and led them to one of the many entryways.
They came into a passage of many domed ceilings and arched columns wrapped with shrubs. A staircase emerged at the end of the passageway, and after they went up some steps, Roargorth grumbled in a tired and annoyed tone: “Another tower?”
“No, Mighty Dwarf … another castle,” Albert said as they reached the upper level where a wide cloister opened to a vast balcony overlooking the town and the gate of Agragort’s castle.
Almost half of the sun rose from behind the city’s buildings. Albert gazed at his city, looking as though despair filled his heart. “I hope everyone has returned to where they truly belong,” he said. “Oh, please go and rest. We shall have breakfast soon together.” He pointed at a door at the opposite side. “Everything is prepared for the three of you. Please feel comfortable in my humble hold.”
 “Thank you,” both Grimdin and Steven said, but Roargorth left as if it was the least the king could do for them. Grimdin bowed to the king, so Steven did the same, and then they followed Roargorth to their room. 
“What do you think happened to Elisa?” Steven whispered.
“I do not know. We shall ask when the right time comes,” Grimdin said in a low voice. “But as for you, lad, how will you return?” Grimdin said, looking concerned.
“Yeah, I have been thinking about that,” Steven said, and thought, Maybe once I sleep, I will wake up in Amberhill? He hoped for it.
“Well,” Steven finally spoke before they entered the room. “With Dorthia gone, I may be stuck here for a lifetime and—” 
A loud horse’s neigh came from beyond the balcony.
Both Grimdin and Steven turned.
“She’s here, she’s back!” Albert shouted, holding his hands on the balcony’s railing.
She’s back? Steven looked at Grimdin, surprised.
The horse gallop turned to rapid footsteps over stone stairs. Albert came out from the balcony as a lady stood at the other end. She had long hair that touched the floor, like gold, and she wore a velvet teal gown.
“Elisa,” Steven whispered.
“The queen,” Grimdin said.
In that small moment, Albert and Elisa stood still. They didn’t move. They didn’t say a word. They were motionless under the shadow of the corridor, exchanging a moment of disbelief, of immense relief, of joy and happiness as the moment they had dreamed of came true.
And as the sun rose behind the balcony, Albert opened his arms wide and Elisa ran to him, tears trickling from her eyes like twinkling stars, and the two separated lovers hugged each other in the warm heat of a rising sun. 
“Ha-ha, lad!” Grimdin raised both hands. Steven smiled. He was speechless.
“What is that noise on the sunrise?” Roargorth bellowed as he tramped angrily back, rubbing his eyes at the light, frowning. “O dear the lords.” He halted as his cry made the two lovers snap out of their mirth and face them all.
Albert and Elisa walked over to them, hand in hand, faces highlighted by smiles that looked like they would never leave.
“What taste does this king have to compare this with what he lost?” Roargorth muttered, whispering it only to the two persons in front of him. But the two lovers turned toward them, as if they had heard Roargorth’s comment. “Was I loud?” he shouted in Steven’s and Grimdin’s ears, and sounding as he was whispering again to them.
“Yes, you were, Mighty Dwarf,” Albert said with a chuckle, walking toward them alongside his queen.
Oops, Steven shrugged.
The king nodded in apology with the same smile on his face. “But don’t worry: we won’t disturb your sleep again.”
Roargorth sighed in relief. His breath was warm on Steven’s ears. 
Elisa bowed her head slightly and spoke as if she had witnessed everything that happened throughout their journey. “Thank you, kind dwarf,” she said to Grimdin. “Thank you, mighty one.” She bowed her head again for Roargorth. 
But everyone soon realized that Elisa was no less beautiful than Dorthia: they were like two apples, one green and sour; one red and sweet.
“Pardon my voice, queen of your lands.” Roargorth bowed.
Elisa eyed Steven. She winked.
Steven took in her gaze and greeted her as if he had known her for a long time. “You tricked me,” he said playfully.
“You tricked him?” said Albert surprised.
“Yes,” Elisa replied.
Steven smiled.
“Curious Steven,” Elisa said and let go of her king’s hand gently. She leaned toward Steven and said in her calm, soothing voice. “Thank you for your help, fellow of lovely Amberhill.” 
Heat warmed Steven’s entire body, and it seemed that his mind had retired from thinking. He didn’t realize his face was blushing like a rose until Elisa said: “Do not be shy, modest hero of your people.” She stood straight and bowed with her king.
Modest hero? The words rang in his head, pumped his heart, and made him feel more alive.
“We have yet much to learn from your people, here in Agragort,” Elisa said.
Something weird tickled Steven’s throat and made it sore and filled his eyes with tears of pride. He wanted to go to his people—to go home. 
Roargorth laughed his loudest chuckle and slapped a hard hand on Steven’s back. “He is welcome, your Majesty. Now, let them be alone this day,” Roargorth said to Steven and Grimdin. “And let us be alone too. Excuse me, for I can’t keep my dream wait much longer.” And he turned around and went back into the room.
So … how will I return? Dorthia returned everything else to normal, but what about me? Am I stuck here for real?
Steven cleared his throat. “I suppose Dorthia left me here for good?” Steven knew he sounded a bit hopeless, now.
“No, she did not,” Elisa said. “Because she didn’t send you here. I did.”
That’s right! Steven’s eyes widened. 
“If your patience could bear us longer, I shall return you at dusk.”
Of course I’ll wait! The gloom of worries disappeared with a big smile that spanned Steven’s face from ear to ear. He looked down at Grimdin. Back to Elisa. “Certainly, I shall wait. Nothing would make me happier than to stay for a bit longer.”
“Very well then,” Albert said. “Please rest, for you need it.”

30. 
Roargorth’s snore filled the room.
“My God, how did he bear all these long days with no sleep?” Steven asked. “I am glad she fed him at least.”
“It’s his passion, my friend, the love of his life, so easy to be tricked by something that binds your soul,” Grimdin said.
Steven came closer from Roargorth. His golden tooth glimmered. It seemed as if Roargorth had dove deep into his dreams now. Nothing could easily wake him up. Steven returned, amused. “I thought all dwarves have very long beards, and that they are short.” 
“No, not all the dwarves,” Grimdin answered. “Roargorth is one of the Mights, and he must have crossed my age long ago. They are taller than us, as you see, like a short man—like yourself, Steven… And you must know, not all the dwarves grow their beards long, only the wiser ones.” He winked.
It was a bit embarrassing for Steven to accept he was considered a short man here, but he didn’t mind it. He noted all this new information as he watched Roargorth’s chest rise and fall like a breathing balloon.
“How did she ever trick him?” Steven said.
“Yes, he himself fails to remember everything. There is more to all this. I have many questions for the queen. It’s not the right time to ask now,” Grimdin said, and started looking around the place for something.
The golden mallet, Steven thought. What happened to it?
By then he heard Grimdin clap. “Ah, there you are.” The dwarf walked to the fireplace where his belongings were. 
“What happened to that golden mallet?” Steven asked as he came closer to Grimdin, who was busy with his packs.
Grimdin lifted his head and itched his forehead. 
“So? What happened to it?”
Grimdin cleared his throat, swallowing his answer. He sighed and said, “I lost it.” He shrugged.
What! Steven sat on the bed. “What do you mean you lost it? Do you know what you could have done?” Steven hissed, angry and surprised at Grimdin’s irresponsibility.
But Grimdin shrugged again and opened his hands as if he wanted to prove he had nothing in them. “That is the truth.”
“I want to know how. You could have got us all killed.”
“But no one died, and we are all safe now, along with all of our things. I lost the mallet, and there is nothing more to tell. It’s lost and we are here, happy and back and unharmed,” Grimdin said, and returned to his busy work.
Damn you, dwarf, Steven grumbled. “Anyways, what are you doing there?” he asked with a huff.
“I have to see something,” Grimdin said, his voice tight and concerned. He started shuffling his belongings, and then he snapped, “Aha!” With some effort, he pulled out a big, leather bag. It had many knots. Each one connecting to the bag with a leather rope, rising out of the bag’s main compartment like flowers spurting out from a vase.
“Know that this was made by Binroiz, one of our greatest Leatherond.” He stood up and examined it carefully. “A wrong pull on these knots and it will lock for a lifetime. Only I can unlock it, only I can fasten it…and I hope my memory does not fail me this time.” The dwarf gave a concerned smile.
Cool. Steven wanted one for himself now. He stared at Grimdin’s pack that he had carried along their journey. “Is this …”
“Yes,” Grimdin nodded. “It’s also one of the packs made by Binroiz,” he said while pointing his index finger at every knot on the big bag, as if he was counting them over and over again. 
“Binroiz learned his craft from my father. They are good old friends. I tend to see him, for I found nothing on my father here,” Grimdin said. “No dragon’s fangs can pierce through these bags; no sword’s blade can tear it.”
“Hmm.” Grimdin’s tone changed at once. He seemed to have spotted something. He pulled one knot with care, and the bag opened with ease and all the knots fell like withered roses. Grimdin turned and sighed. “I almost forgot the Key Knot.” He chuckled.
Key Knot? Steven grinned.
Grimdin dove into the pack, losing his head and his arm in its dark and expandable leather. He shouldered himself out and pulled with him a long leather wrap. “Aha! What a witty dwarf I am,” he said. “Glad that I saved this in this bag.” He then sat on the floor and signaled for Steven. “Come, sit beside me,” he said. 
Steven sat next to Grimdin, who rolled the leather wrap out, flattening it.  Slowly and delicately, Grimdin lifted it up again, and pulled it apart from both sides, stretching the leather. “There you go,” he said as he returned it to the floor, flat and opened.
“What’s this?” Steven asked, looking a bit confused.
Grimdin’s fingers brushed gently over the leather, as if he had longed for that feeling. “Feel it,” he finally said to Steven, who brushed his hand over it. He felt its thickness and tender texture. It seemed to be more than just a leather wrap. It made Steven impatient.
Somehow Roargorth’s snoring tuned down, and he rolled to his side and continued sleeping.
“Look,” Grimdin told Steven. “What do you see?” His finger pointed at the wrap.
What do I see? Steven stared at the brown leather. “What do you mean? What’s there to see? It’s empty.”
“No,” Grimdin said. “Wait.” He stood up and went to the barrel of water. It was a bit high for him as it was made for men to get their drinks from. On his tiptoes he removed its cover, managed to get some water in the cup, and returned back. He knelt on both knees with his beard falling between them.
“This, my friend, is called among the race of men the Leather Bone Map.” Grimdin stared into Steven’s eyes as he explained. “Traits of the Leatheronds.” He nodded, and then in a serious tone he continued, “We dwarves call it Phelandeer.” He lifted the cup. “Watch, my friend, watch closely.”
And as Steven leaned forward, curious to witness what Grimdin wanted to show him, he saw the water being poured onto the map’s center. The leather sucked it up and turned to a darker shade—something Steven had never expected to see in leather. Then, the water spread to all corners, shrinking the leather a little as if it had been drained of all moisture under heat. Thin lines appeared. They moved from under the leather skin like many small, long worms. The lines swirled and moved slower and slower until they dented the leather’s surface, shaping mountains, shores, hills, many vast forests, and names that Steven didn’t know how to read.
“Wow!” Steven exclaimed. “Is this magic?”
“No, my friend.” Grimdin pointed at the writing on the map. “This is the work of knowledge. It was drawn by one of the Mights.” Grimdin picked up Gor’s dagger from the floor and pointed at the blade. “This dagger, my friend, is not just any dagger. It’s a Leatherond Lance, and a sculptor blade at the same time. It belongs to the wisest dwarf, the dearest to my heart: Gor, son of Hon … my father.” 
Grimdin flipped the dagger upside down in his hand and showed Steven the gem held in its pommel, traced around with a thick gold border. “This here …” He pointed at the gem. “is the Murk Drop Diamond.”
At first, Steven wondered. He had heard that name before. He then recalled Grimdin whispering that name: it was at Dorthia’s castle gate—the same gem that was in the heart of the golden knob. 
“So …” Steven pointed at it, and Grimdin nodded as if he understood what Steven wanted to ask.
“It is the same diamond as in her castle gate.” Grimdin stared at Steven, this time serious, as if telling him to be ready to hear something unworldly, something that would change his life. “Few know of what I will share with you. And I shall share it because I know it would interests you. You are a storyteller, and this is a small story: a hidden reality, which you must know.
“Know, my friend, that there is a murky self lurking in every one of us. Murk Drops—hidden in the sea of our blood,” Grimdin said.
“Murk Drops?”
“Evil and shrewd these drops are. They make the dark sides of ourselves and shape the cunning of our kind. Our greatest dwarf—Garom—learned the way to the Murk Drops in his exile in the Highest Deep. A dungeon made to punish all the dwarves when we betrayed mankind during the Years of Hundred. Some eight hundred years from now. Garom taught it to few of our kin, but even his teachings didn’t survive long enough to reach us. It came inaccurate, and my grandfathers had to realize the way on their own. My father seems to have found their way. He must have come to it in his journey. It is a hard task, a dangerous one indeed, for to find these drops, my friend Steven, and to take it from one’s self, is a thing our minds cannot yet see.”
Steven didn’t know how to express what he felt. He was pulled deeper and deeper into Grimdin’s words. 
But Grimdin continued. He brought the dagger down and said: “What I know about it is little. One must seek the Lurking Caverns in the Lost Mountains where it’s always dark and quiet. In there, on the glowing leaf of Elen—the plant that rises from unknown seeds—Elen Dew is born. With it one can summon what courage cannot defeat.
“But it takes more than the courage of the Mights to reach that place, my friend. We are known as Callers of Elen Dew, but I did not believe it existed, until I received this.” Grimdin pointed at the map below. “I do not know how, but my father sent me all this so that I can find him. I am sure of it. This is his Murk Drop, and I am sure he’s in trouble because of it. It’s a riddle. Why did he send it to me? Who left it at my house? And above all, how come I am here to help you in a place where Roargorth was?” Grimdin said, defiant. “There is more about all these things, Steven.”
“Do you know why your father retrieved his Murk Drop?” Steven asked.
“I don’t know. But once a Murk Drop is taken, one has purified himself from falling into the shadows of their own, and he can see things differently, and unlock secrets that have been concealed from many. It is something I still need to learn about, my dear friend. There is something about retrieving the Murk Drop that connects a person to a Jinn, perhaps, that was what my father wanted to do. But I do not know why are all these things with me?”
Every word Grimdin said drew Steven’s imagination to a land of mystery and some strange horror. The talk of ghosts and Jinns wasn’t comforting. 
Grimdin stabbed Gor’s dagger into the floor, shaking Steven out of his reverie. 
“So this can draw maps?” Steven pointed at the dagger.
“Yes.” 
As Steven stared at the map, he saw many forests, hills, and shores of a wide sea, and lines of rivers wiggling through lands. He identified them all in his head until he spotted a mountain surrounded by eight smaller ones.
“These are rare leathers, treated to take in water and hold it in; so long as the water is not dried, the map could be read, but, my friend?” Grimdin said. “Legends are exaggerated, and they are not as sweet as we know. They are traitorous, deceitful, and lost. Such things are not to be hunted. Such things must be left alone, unless you could walk through darkness with the enlightened mind of a wise man.
“What we came across in the realm of Dorthia was nothing but curses of a broken heart, but heed me when I say this: the world we live in is yet cursed with a darker spell—a spell that none of us can destroy. There is mystery in this world we cannot yet resolve.”
The leather in front of them returned back to its original shape. Grimdin stared at the big mountain in a sullen mood, making Steven feel as if he was looking at fate itself.
The leather veins separated as if a water ripple broke their stillness, and like floating logs on sea, they scattered apart and formed eight short lines under each other. Each line had words Steven couldn’t read, as if it was a secret code in a form of poem, meant only for certain people to read. 
“What does it say, Grimdin?” Steven asked. “Tell me?” he pressed on, impatient before the wavering letters on the map disappear. 
Grimdin’s voice came deep and alarming as he said:
 
“The night is eerie in the darkened cave,
From twisted thoughts concealed like fate.
In a mountain lost far from light,
The cavern lurks away from sight.
 
The seekers stride for many a day,
With lies growing along their way.
Their ride is hindered and their minds sway,
To Dour Realms beyond the Mystical Fay.”
 
Steven imagined himself traveling to faraway lands, between mountains and dangerous trails, where treachery awaited Grimdin and all those who would accompany him. He looked down at the map once more. And the letters began to sink into the leather’s thin flesh and dissolved; clearing the map’s surface; turning plain and blank like before. Grimdin rolled it up, squeezing the water out of it, and then he returned it to his big pack. His hand reached to a knot among the many identical ones. He pulled it up, and as he did, all the other knots rose and were restored back to their previous state, hiding the Key Knot somewhere among them.
The entire experience with Grimdin had a unique taste. Grimdin treated everything in a strange manner that made Steven feel somehow gripped and intrigued. “Tell me, Grimdin,” Steven said. “What makes you so in love with your dream? Why do you want to be a storyteller?” Steven said.
The question startled Grimdin. “Oh, well my friend, you took me by surprise. And a lovely one, indeed,” he said happily. “Writing is my joy. It heals me. I would have turned mad hadn’t it been for the gift to write. Praise the lords, I would. In my head are mad people,” he said, surprising Steven. 
“Yes,” Grimdin insisted. “Some are mad, and some wise, some are playful and others with pride. Oh, I have to tell you about all of them one day.” He smiled and went on. “With words, my dear good friend, I can reach people’s heart and own them in that moment when they’re reading; maybe they find something that pleases them, that could help them, and add to this world an understanding, or, like magic, make them drift and float into realms that do not exist. Into their own imagination. 
“My friend, the past is dead, and I do not wish to resurrect it, or return to it. If we do not contribute for the best, then who will? What’s my life worth if I live it with no colors to brighten my thoughts, and no sound to console my soul? This is my only way to show it and share it. It’s the only way to live longer than life. This is the elixir of life, my friend. It is, aside from the water we drink,” he chuckled, “You see, my head keeps talking constantly. It’s always digging, always busy; craving for something new. I get bored often, and this makes my life rather more interesting. Ah! Let me share this with you, one of my very little stories of course…” but then, Grimdin kept quiet for a moment. He leaned closer to Steven and spoke somehow shyly: “forgive me, dear one, I shall not take you to the lands of my thoughts today, they are not yet ready, nor I think it’s the right time.”
In that moment, Steven wanted a heart like the one of a dwarf, and not any dwarf, one like Grimdin; one who spoke so freely of his ambitions; who loved them with every word; who sounded real and unashamed; who cared less for the inevitable worries of life. Steven wanted that feeling so much. He wished he could charm someone just like Grimdin charmed him—at least one person. His admiration grew with an affection of great respect, and his gaze never parted from the dwarf’s excited eyes. 
“You are a good man. A very young, foolish, and reckless man,” Grimdin said, “Now, I believe we have spoken much. Let us have rest and go to the king’s feast, for dear me, hunger cries in my stomach like an infant for his mother’s tits.”
Steven felt a kick in his stomach. He burst out laughing, tears filling his eyes. 
“Dear the lords,” Grimdin chuckled. “Come, best to rest, now. Let’s not wake the golden tooth. Hie your wits,” Grimdin whispered in a tone of mockery. 
And Steven went on laughing even harder. He rose to his feet, so happy from within. He saw Grimdin lie down on his bed. He took the last bed and lazed on it. He did not feel tired. On the contrary, he enjoyed Grimdin’s company, and now, he was eager to know more of the Murk Drops. But Grimdin seemed tired. 
Steven stretched his legs, and relaxed, while Grimdin’s voice in his mind was still alive: “Leatherond Lance, the Murk Drop Diamond, the Leather Bone Map…and the Dour Reals, and the Mystical Fay.” The image of the dissolving shapes of the big mountain surrounded by the smaller ones; the one Grimdin’s eyes never left, was implanted in his head. Somehow, he felt bored, as he had grown used to being challenged, thrilled, frightened for his friend—but now everything was settling down once again. 
He sighed.
In the silence of the room, as a brisk air wafted through the window, Steven thought: How much adventure has he had? And Athaland? He must be ready for a new adventure, and with that wonderful performer…Dammit, I want to join now. 
Steven closed his eyes, inhaling a deep breath, not knowing how to break free from a sudden feeling of despair. He heard a whisper then: “Steven?” the voice called, warmer than any other voice he had ever heard. It was as dear as a mother’s hug, for it was his mother who called for him. 
“Isn’t it time to come home, honey?” her voice came again. It brought back all the memories of his family—his father, sister, and their house—and his dear friends, Peter, Sam, Josh, and Clarice, and all the others in Amberhill. He had almost forgotten about them, and he felt he wanted to hug them all again. He thought of Clarice. She made an excellent Juliet. This compliment was stuck in his throat the entire year now. It was time to tell her.
I must have made them all worry. Steven opened his eyes. I don’t want to wait any longer. He rolled to his side to see if Grimdin was in his bed, but instead he found the dwarf standing by the window, gazing out with both hands resting behind him, looking busy with deep thoughts. 
You are a wonderful dwarf. Steven confessed to himself. I am proud to be your friend. He saw Roargorth, sleeping carelessly. Farewell, Roargorth. And then he rose from his bed slowly and approached Grimdin.
Grimdin turned as Steven came up from behind him.
I’m not good with good-byes. Steven pressed his lips inward, stumped with no last words. “I must go,” he finally said.
“It’s an honor to have you as a friend, Steven of Amberhill,” Grimdin said, and as he did, Steven wanted to hug him.
“I am honored, too.” Steven nodded. “I hope you will reach the end of your journey safe.”
“That is all in the will of fate,” Grimdin responded and extended a hand, and with love and respect, they shook hands. 
Even though it was hard for Steven to hide his feelings, he walked back to the door and for one last time, he turned toward Grimdin and saw his friend watching him with a wonderful smile on his face. 
“Steven?” Grimdin said.
Steven responded in desperation. “Yes?”
“Don’t be a shy man.”
“I won’t, Grimdin.”
“Very well then,” Grimdin said, and raised his hand and said: “Farewell, good man.”
Steven nodded. He smiled back, and walked out of the room with a heavy pressure in his chest that trickled down a tear as he responded in silence: Good-bye.

31. 
Elisa was at the balcony, alone. She was in a white gown, and her golden hair fell long behind her as she stared out at Agragort.
Steven wiped away his tears and walked toward her. He felt she would be there, as if everything was predestined, as if Elisa knew he would want to leave at this moment. 
“Friends must be together before the end,” Elisa said when she saw.
Steven smiled. “Did you know all this would happen, about Dorthia, me, and everyone else?” he said. It was something he had always wanted to ask her.
“I only knew what I must know, and I shared what must be shared,” she replied. “And you, Steven …” She nodded to him. “You did what must be done. You gave yourself hope for someone you thought didn’t deserve it.”
When Steven thought of it, he knew Elisa was right. Somehow, after he believed that Dorthia deserved a better end, he wanted to give her a chance. He was glad it all ended well.
Elisa brought her sweet smile back and said, “Are you ready to leave us? Are you ready to go back to your family and friends?”
“I am,” he said, but he also showed some hesitation, for another thing puzzled him. “There is something else,” he said. “How did you carry me to that inn, you know, after I passed out. How did you do that?”
There was a hidden glint in Elisa’s eyes. She seemed impressed. She leaned closer to Steven’s ears, and whispered: “Ghosts.”
Steven’s eyes grew wide.
“And they will be the ones to send you back home.” 
Steven shrugged. Ghosts? He thought, but then, “Why didn’t you use them to come back?” Steven asked.
“I can’t. Only the one who sent me there could bring me back.”
Steven was not sure how to answer that. He still couldn’t believe he was sent here by ghosts.
“Don’t worry. They are my friends, and they are the sweetest kind,” she said. “One day you will meet them, and you will love them, too.”
 “I don’t want to.”
“Better to let things happen, and not decide now. They know you since a very long time. I found them there when Dorthia sent me. They are sweet. We had tea together. I miss them all already.”
Tea with ghosts?
“And the ones in your world are quite unique. They are equipped with so many glittering things. They told me that you come often to the forest, and sometimes you read your stories there. They’ve heard you read some of them aloud, and they also saw you act and do lots of things.” She chuckled.
Hearing that coming from someone else was embarrassing. Steven thought he was alone, but apparently not. He kept quiet. And no matter how sweet her friends might be, or how nice they sound like, they were ghosts, and they couldn’t keep a secret, either. 
“They promised to take care of you. This time, the ones who live here will send you to them. They are very kind, too. Do you want to meet them?”
“No, no…no, thank you,” Steven’s answer shot out immediately.
“One of them showed you the way to my cottage. Do you remember?”
Steven took a moment to recall his day at the forest. “Do you mean?” Steven couldn’t believe it. “That squirrel?”
Elisa chuckled. Her eyes told him he was right. “I told you. Not to worry.”
Steven wasn’t sure if he shouldn’t worry, though. 
“We will miss you, Steven,” she finally said, “I wish you a safe journey back home. Thank you for everything.” She came closer to Steven and whispered in a low, tender voice as a mother would to her sleeping son: “Now, close your eyes.”
Steven took in a deep breath, and closed his eyes. He felt soft hands curl under his chin, then soft lips kiss his forehead. When the lips parted and her fair hands were gone, a mysterious air flowed around him, like he was drifting through a cloud—or tunneling back through Dorthia’s magical door.
When Steven opened his eyes, he was back in the cottage, only now he was alone. It happened so instant as if it was a blink of an eye. He looked around him, and puffed his relief. He was glad he didn’t spot a ghost, or anything. That would really make him faint. But then, what does a ghost really look like? he thought.
The two small tables in each corner, the dried flowers on the wall, the fire in the fireplace was still flickering…everything was in its exact place. 
“Thank you, Elisa,” he said to the empty cottage. And to you, ghosts. He didn’t dare to share that line aloud.
He picked up his bag and walked out of the cottage.
Breathing Amberhill’s fresh air again felt rewarding. The birds’ tweets were everywhere. The burbling sound of the water kept on going, uplifting the forest. And in the direction Elisa had instructed him when they first met, Steven walked ahead, dragging his bicycle along. 
But after a while walking around, Steven stood in a quiet forest as if it had no inhabitants. He was lost. 
“Not again,” he said. I can’t lose my way now, he thought, not wanting to break his mood from the adventure he just had. “Dammit,” he muttered and kicked a stone onto the scattered leaves. It skipped and vanished, bringing the woods alive in that same instant, as if the stone had struck the spirit of the forest and woke it up.
Frogs chirping from far away could be heard, and furtive patters rustled the fallen leaves. Steven didn’t bother, he just kept on walking, hoping the way would appear soon, only then, a strange sound came from behind him. It was unmistakable: someone was out there, stealthily moving about the woods. 
The rustle of leaves followed. He turned toward the sound. He could sense the presence of someone hiding behind that tree. It alarmed him. He stepped backward; eyes fixed ahead. Maybe Pete, he thought, and as his inner voice was filling his head…thick, long fingers clamped onto the tree’s bark, causing Steven to halt in place. 
A figure emerged from behind the tree and limped toward him, toddling along with a wooden leg. Steven’s eyes grew wide. Every breath he took was sucked in harder than the last. He stared at the individual in front of him: a man, big and real, with a parrot gripping its claws on his shoulder. 
Impossible… Steven took even more steps back. “Long John Silver?” he whispered.
As if the man had emerged right out of the pages of Stevenson’s novel. The pirate walked toward Steven. He carried a rolled-up paper, crunched in his fist. 
The map of Treasure Island! 
Even though Steven’s eyes met Silver’s, he felt his presence wasn’t real to him, as if Steven was an unseen ghost. Silver halted, then looked away. He waved his hand behind him and rasped, “Jim!”
And from around the same tree, Jim Hawkins sneaked out with a telescope in his hand.
Steven’s surprise was even greater. No way.
“It is here … somewhere. I sense it,” Silver said. 
Jim nodded, silent about his thoughts.
The parrot released its claws from gripping its master’s shoulder. It flapped its wings, and flew up into the air, whooping a parrot-quack: “It’s here, it’s here, we found it, it’s here.” 
As the bird blended with the green leaves of the canopy, Steven returned to find his loving characters were gone. He stopped in his place. Part of his mind told him they did not exist, and the other part was yet not so convinced. But one thing Steven was certain of now. Those must be Elisa’s ghosts disguising themselves as the characters he loved. He couldn’t understand how come he wasn’t afraid. 
And as Steven was thinking, a loud howl pierced the forest. 
What was that? he searched behind him, hearing movement in the trees. His eyes skimmed over the trees, but there was nothing. He looked above, and a shadow rushed down from overhead, howling again, louder and louder. 
Immediately, Steven let go of his bicycle and bent down with his hands covering his head. He rolled his eyes upward to find the howler swinging himself on tree branches. When a whoosh of air passed over him and swept away the decayed leaves on the ground, Steven raised his head slowly and looked above, feeling his heart drumming even harder—this time, though, not from surprise, but rather from the thrill of excitement.
On the branch of a tree not far from him, a young man held a long tree root with both hands. Only one person could do such a thing, someone Kipling had written about in a wonderful tale. 
Mowgli! Steven’s mouth hung open.
Mowgli curled his hands around his mouth and howled a loud cry. Just then the scattered leaves on the ground trembled like boiling water, and a pack of wolves, racing each other, bustled toward Steven. Following them was an agile panther, black as if wrapped by the night, and a furry brown bear, dabbling at a bee’s nest in its arms as it loped to catch up with the pack. 
The pack and the panther hurried by Steven’s side as if he did not exist. They made a sharp turn, while Mowgli ran over a branch and leaped at a dangling tree root. He swung away to another branch and caught up with the pack. 
At once, Steven brought his bicycle back on its wheels, and sped on behind them, racing to reach them, but he knew it was an impossible pursuit. Even Baloo the bear had caught up to the pack after apparently emptying the bee’s nest and throwing it behind some bushes. 
Steven stopped. In his head he named every character as he remembered Kipling’s tale, and then he heard something else. “Olden’s plant?” Steven wondered, for his ears confirmed the strong thuds flowing to him from the west. 
He came closer to the source, and turned behind a big fat tree, only to find in front of him a tin man sending forth blows with a silver axe, slicing a tree branch into two equal halves.
The Tin Woodman?
Steven swallowed his words. He hid himself behind the tree, craning to watch the tin man in secrecy. Suddenly a bush next to the chopped wood rustled with a quiver, and from behind it tottered out a heap of straw, waving a hand that held an oilcan. The pile of straw was dressed in a red shirt with a dark, pointed hat … like a wizard.
Scarecrow! shouted a voice in Steven’s head. 
Not too long afterward, a lion roared from behind him. It made Steven jump and turn. He knew who it was, and when he checked, there was no one. Instead, the forest settled down: the peepers hushed, the darters retreated into unknown shelters, and no twitters or chirps could be heard anymore. There was no one. All the furtive creatures that brought the woods to life now quieted as if they did not exist. 
While wondering what had caused the forest to hush, Steven caught the sound of car engines. He was not far away from the road. And that made Steven laugh. They led him out of the forest.
Elisa’s ghosts showed him the way back, and maybe, Steven hoped, to tell him good-bye. If such things were ghosts, it would be mean to think of them as evil beings. It seemed like this part of the woods was only accessible to those who the ghosts wished for. 
“Thank you,” Steven said.
The moment he left the woods, he looked up and saw that the night had sent the colors of the day away. At dusk she would have me back, he thought, recalling Elisa’s promise. 
He thought of passing by his friends at the lake. But they were not there when he reached. The Big Blue Lake mirrored the evening sky, and gleamed under the scarce daylight, as if it had sprinkled its surface with thousands of tiny stars. Steven cycled along its shore, humming his merry mood and contentment. At first he didn’t know it, but then he realized he was humming the same rhythm that Grimdin used when reciting their dwarven kings’ poem, as if Grimdin was singing it in his head.
I know Grimdin was in love with his journal and storytelling; that’s how I got him into the castle, but—he stopped—what is he afraid of? 
There was no answer. Maybe Ghosts, he thought, but still it did not sound right. 
He rode along once more. His house appeared from around the corner. He saw it with admiring eyes, appreciating how beautiful his life was and how much he had missed it. He parked his bicycle in the backyard, and walked to the front door.
“He must be somewhere with Peter!” his father’s voice came as Steven walked up to the front steps. 
Oh Shoot, Steven slapped his forehead. I’m late for dad’s meeting.
“He didn’t show up today,” his father said, “I wouldn’t mind it if he told you he wouldn’t come. I really hate that. I don’t know what to do with this boy. He doesn’t know what he wants! I mean, what is this? He’s good in what we do, but if he wants to go for medicine, let him do that…I don’t know, sometimes I feel I can’t understand him.”
“Sometimes?” his mother’s voice came, soft and calm. 
Steven took a step up, his hand reaching for the door handle, but then he paused.
“I want fried bo-tay-toz,” his little sister cried.
“Shhh,” his father said. “Let’s hear this. Listen, listen!”
“We give earth the Earth’s Hour, and after that we take from it many more,” Ludwig Olden’s voice came from their television, rising in volume as if only deaf people listened to the broadcast. “Today I announce that fifty percent of our profits shall be spent in our new campaign: ‘I want this world to be a greener place.’ Together, we shall make this world green with clean energy and stunning nature.”
Then, someone else spoke. He said: “I would like to take this opportunity to announce that a new budget has been allocated to reconstruct the eastern roads. This will be all part of our three-year plan. Thank you, Mister Olden, for this generous contribution.”
When the man had finished talking, Steven’s father started, “What a man!”
“Bo-tay-tooooz,” his sister cried again.
“No fried potatoes today,” Steven’s mother said. “But how about a big strawberry cheesecake for my little muffin?” And that was enough to cheer up his sister and set her in a merry mood.
“First, let’s wait for your big brother to come home,” his father said.
Steven turned around and stared at the lake. He didn’t want to think his adventure and the wonderful people he had met were only his mind’s creations—but he at least was certain that no queen lived in Amberhill anymore. Nothing he could think of could justify what he had experienced. It lived there in his heart. It was all real to him. It was a mystery, and somehow, Steven felt its real beauty was in that mystery itself.
He remembered Dorthia’s breathtaking beauty before she disappeared. How unreal she was. How honest her dark eyes were when they looked at him as he said his words. There was love in them. They were filled with warmth. Somehow, what he said did not only change Dorthia, it also brought him a strange feeling of contentment. He knew that vivid journey had freed him from his assumptions and judgmental thinking, and offered him a better chance to explore the brighter perspectives of others, and the world he lived in.
Only then he remembered his grueling neighbor: Olden’s Plant. Its clanks now became normal and irrelevant, like the faint buzz that was in Dorthia’s realm. They didn’t seem to raise his temper anymore; on the contrary, this plant might become the reason for everything good, and better. He looked away from the plant’s site and lingered for one more moment as the Big Blue Lake. 
“This world, it bends our heads to the words we say and teaches us from them in a mysterious way,” a dear voice spoke in his head, and he smiled at the thought of Grimdin. 
“Become part of something great,” Steven told himself, realizing his resolution to all his worries has never felt as real as now. 
“John?” his mother’s voice came from inside now. She sounded worried. “Steven has been acting weird lately. He didn’t go to the rehearsal. Clarice stopped over later today and asked about him. They all think he is sick. He did not show up for two days…Oh my God, John! Where is my boy?”
“Oh, stop it. He is somewhere around for sure. You have been spoiling him a lot lately.”
Apart from that quarrel, happiness filled Steven’s heart. Clarice asked for me? Steven smiled at that. It was great news. A wonderful, refreshing update of the day. He would be early at the rehearsal tomorrow. 
“Go and find your son.” His mother’s voice was fierce now.
“He’s a man. He’s fine.”
“John Risd. Go, now!”
“Okay, okay. Don’t give me your father’s scary face. I’m going.”
Steven smiled. He didn’t want to get anyone more frustrated. He opened the door, and stepped into his beautiful house, gazing at his loving family in the dining room as he announced in a happy, elated voice: “I’m back!”

About the Author
Like his characters in The Chained King and the Castle of Mystery, Mohamed AR has always had a love of stories that grab hold of you and don’t let go. Born in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Mohamed earned a degree in information technology, but soon discovered that his heart wasn’t in that industry. Now, Mohamed is taking the plunge into the world of writing fantasy novels with Volume I of The Longed Tales: The Chained King and the Castle of Mystery.
