THE WIND OF SOUTHMORE
By Ariel Dodson

Copyright 2014 Ariel Dodson

Discover other titles by Ariel Dodson at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ArielDodson

Ebook Cover Design by www.ebooklaunch.com

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter One
Arlen lay on her back, waiting.  She had to concentrate to judge the timing right – the ancient clock which adorned the village hall had never worked, so she had been told, so there was no chance of help from its clangings.  Still, she was getting better at it.  For the last three months she had heard them, and had caught the ragged glimpses of swirling shadows staining the beach in dark, stretched veins.
There.  It was time.
The moonlight stretched across her face in a cold, white streak, and the wind rose outside, a thin, grey ghost of a breeze, singing like a child’s whistle.  Won’t you come out and play?  She rose silently, biting her lip, her hand quickly sliding up the small chest which served as a table to grasp the thick, brass telescope that had belonged to her seafaring grandfather.  As the moon glided across the night sky, illuminating the black ether, she positioned herself in the darkest corner of the deep, narrow window, and raised the farseeing glass to her eyes.  
They had started.  She could hear the dancers, slapping the hard, damp sand with dragging feet, and in the corner of the glass she could see the robes flapping, swirling in a frenzy, the orange flames of the fire playing across the moonlit beach in cold bright bars.
She was as close to them as she dared be, her body flat against the cold stone, afraid to lean further out in case they saw her, in case they – called her – and she clamped down furiously on her lip again, the sudden rush of blood hot and salty on her tongue.  One of the dancers stopped then and gazed up towards her, the hood falling back to reveal the face.
Arlen froze, and the telescope slipped from her hand, tumbling across the hard stone floor in loud, reverberating clangs.  The wind swelled, and the whistle became a wail, so fierce and heartbreaking that it bit the girl’s eardrums with its despair, and she rushed from the window and flung herself onto the thin, narrow mattress which served as a bed, curling herself into a tight, close ball.  The wind soared, shrieking into a scream, the cry bleeding from her ears and beating at her soul.  They had seen her.  They were calling her.  And what could she do now?
She had seen the dancer’s face as the hood fell back.  A young woman, with dark hair streaming in the wind.  A few years older, the hair longer and matted with sea water.  But she knew it.  For it was her own.
Chapter Two
The morning found her stiff and wide awake, and curled into the same small ring of fear of the night before.  She hadn’t moved all night.  She wasn’t sure if she had even slept.  Her heart seemed to have continued its wild beating throughout the blackness as she lay, buried under the one thin blanket, her eyes wide open, dark and staring, the round, glinting yawn of the telescope in the corner convincing her that what she had seen had been no dream.
It was cold, as was usual in their forgotten little corner of Cornwall, and the grey morning light seeped feebly through the deep slit of window in a spidery mist.  She could hear Aunt Maud clanking downstairs, the crash of pots and pans growing steadily more surly, and Arlen knew that she would be pounding on the door if she didn’t show her face soon.  
Her limbs were stiff and awkward, as if frozen with sea water, and she shuddered violently, the wind song and the memory of that face whining again in her mind with jagged, icy teeth.   She splashed her face over and over with a fierce urgency, the almost freezing water in the antique copper bowl jolting her each time with a fierce nip.  
Who was she?  
She had heard them, for years she had heard them calling, their pounding feet across the sand stirring some ancient memory within herself that she did not know, did not remember, but which dwelt – somewhere –  
And yet how could that be?  That girl was older – drowned – 
Who was she?  
Who was she?  
And why did she – ?
“Come on, you lazy girl.  What do you think, I’ve been put on this earth just to wait on you?  Move your bag of bones!” was her aunt’s early morning greeting, accompanied by a fierce thud on the heavy wooden door.
“Coming, Aunt Maud.”  She was surprised to find her voice still in working order.  The sea mist lay on her shoulders as she dressed quickly in the iron-grey light, pulling on jeans and a sweater, and tugging a comb quickly through her dark hair.  The sun never seemed to break through the permanent fortress of clouds which resided above the village, although it could often be seen as a reflection above the tarnished light, giving the place a fuzzy, unreal quality.  She was shaking as she descended the crumbling stone staircase, though whether of cold or nervousness, she didn’t know.
“Wasting the best time of the morning in bed.  I’m surprised at you.”  Her great-aunt was irritated easily, and this morning her niece’s lateness had decidedly added to her impatience.  “There’s your breakfast.  Eat it quickly and be off with you to Mr MacKenzie’s.  We need some more fish.”  She slid a plate in front of Arlen, dripping with greasy fried fish, and accompanied by a few slices of dry, burnt toast.
Arlen’s stomach churned in revulsion as her eyes took in the sight.  “Thank you, Auntie,” she almost whispered, pushing the plate away with a thin hand.  “I’m not very hungry this morning.”
Her aunt turned and bent to look at her as she retrieved the plate.  “You feeling alright?” she asked, suspiciously.
“Yes, thank you, Auntie,” Arlen answered quickly, slipping off her chair.  “I think I’ll be off to Mr MacKenzie’s now.”
“Suit yourself then.  And be sure to ask for the best mackerel.  Oh, and I’ll need a kipper or two for our suppers.  And don’t forget to tell him to put it on the bill.”
“Yes, Auntie,” Arlen called back as she escaped quickly through the heavy kitchen door.  The wind hit her as soon as she was outside, stinging her cheeks and bringing smarting tears to her eyes.  The salt air was like a wall, thick and bitter, and she coughed harshly, as it invaded.
They were staring at her strangely that morning, as she moved further into the village via the lonely Beach Road.  She was used to the wariness of the villagers by now, although it still made her feel uncomfortable, as though she didn’t belong.  Since a child, she had been a source of wonder, and almost fear, it seemed, sometimes.  There was no real reason for it, except for the fact that she had been the only child in the village for as long as she could remember.  It didn’t make sense really, but then nothing made sense in Southmore, when you came down to it.  It was almost as if – they were frightened of her.  Frightened of the Penmorvens altogether it seemed, Aunt Maud also being a rarely welcomed figure amongst them.  But she was used to it – she had had to be.  She had lived there her whole life, having been brought up by her great-aunt since a baby after her parents’ separation.  Her mother, she had been told upon enquiring, had driven back home to Cornwall twelve years ago, and left her to the care of her aunt, deciding that the job of a single parent was one hassle she could do without.  It was the kind of story Arlen had only needed to hear once, and she had firmly pressed any thoughts of her mother deep down into herself, where she wouldn’t have to confront them too often.  The only real proof she had that the woman had ever existed was a strange knotted charm which she had left for her daughter, and which Arlen, for some reason she wouldn’t discuss even with herself, always wore on a thin black ribbon around her neck.
She was used to isolation, and yet the sly glances of the local men and women disturbed her that strangely silent, salty morning.  She felt as if she were marked out in some way she couldn’t see, and the memory of the anguished, dripping twin hung before her still in a silent, frozen cry.  She could feel her blood turn icy at the thought, and her heart was pounding fiercely as she rounded the corner which led to the pier from where Mr MacKenzie sold and bartered his fish.  Who was she?  Who was she?
She was visibly trembling as she approached the old man, his shoulders hunched up against the wind.  A retired sea-captain, he now supplemented his pension by selling the fish he caught further up the coast, and every morning he was to be found encouraging the villagers to share in the victories of the previous day for a small price and a friendly chat.  But friendly wasn’t too popular in Southmore, especially not from an outsider, and it was perhaps for this reason that he was the one person Arlen was comfortable with.  Originally hailing from Scotland, he had discovered the tiny coastal town on a journey to Cornwall and, finding the weather to his liking, determined to stay after they “forced him out of the Navy”, as he told her every week.
“Well, hen,” he turned towards her, his once sea-blue eyes now as worn and tired as the village itself beneath its crown of heavy, grey clouds, “out and about a bit later than usual, aren’t you?”
“Yes, Mr MacKenzie.”  Arlen smiled at him.  “I – I overslept – ”  She stopped and closed her eyes quickly, as if to fend off the memory of last night.
He said nothing for a few moments, and she could hear the soft slap of the waves against the legs of the pier beneath them.  “Aye,” he said then, “there are those of us who guard the nights as well as the days.  And both are needed.”
“Yes, Mr MacKenzie,” she pushed a dark lock of hair away from her forehead.  She had no idea what he was talking about, but she felt she had to be polite.  “But what about you?  Shouldn’t you be getting ready to go fishing?”
“Well, I’ve a little secret of my own,” he smiled then, slapping his hands merrily on his thighs and turning to the beach.  “My grandson’s come from London to stay with me for a few weeks, and he’s taking over my rounds for me.”  He chuckled.  “He’s fourteen and he thinks he knows everything.  Can’t say as I’m thinking he’ll be doing much good on his own though, myself.  My catches’ll be missing me.  I know how to sweet ‘em up, one at a time.  But Robbie, he’s such a determined young lad.”  He laughed and turned back to Arlen, who was looking disturbed at the unpleasant thought of him coaxing little fishes, Alice in Wonderland fashion, onto his hook, one by one.
“Smile a bit, lassie,” the old man said then, glancing at her keenly, “for there’s not much left when you can’t brave a bit of a smile now and then.”
“Yes,” Arlen nodded stiffly.  “I suppose – ”  But it didn’t seem as though there was anything much to smile about.  Especially after last night.
As if it could hear her thoughts, the wind sidled past her ear with a hollow chuckle, and she shuddered at the empty sound.
“Aye, hen,” Mr MacKenzie said again, and this time he wasn’t smiling.  “Brave a bit, or more, as needs be, and we’ll see it through.  Now, here’s your aunt’s order, and – ” but he was forced to duck as a large grey herring gull swooped down from behind a cloud, apparently drawn by the fish.  Arlen started as Mr MacKenzie waved angrily at it.  It circled the sky for a few moments, and then positioned itself on one of the posts that supported the wall of the pier, not removing its beady, red-circled eyes from the pair for a second.
“There are more and more of them now,” Arlen said softly, as if to herself.
“Aye, lassie, there are,” Mr MacKenzie agreed.  “The birds know.  And they’re getting restless.  There are changes afoot, you mark my words.”
“What sort of changes?” Arlen asked, her stomach growing tight and anxious.  She could not forget the dark figures, whirling like bars, the night before, and the girl –
Mr MacKenzie gave her a long look, and then handed her the fish.  “I can’t tell that.  The future was never open to me in that way.”
“But why – ”
“Hey, Grandad!”  The unknown voice broke her question and concentration, and she turned to see a tall, dark haired boy waving at them from a nearby boat, which he had just unloaded from his grandfather’s jeep with the help of a couple of fishermen from the next village.
“That’ll be Robbie,” Mr MacKenzie turned to face the waters, his previous words seemingly forgotten.  “Get yourself home, hen.  The wind’s getting up.”
She walked back down the pier with it battling against her, her eyes smarting with its sting.  The smelly bundle of fish was clutched beneath one arm, and in her free hand she clasped the small charm that swung constantly around her neck.  She could not help but notice that the large gull seemed to be following her, hopping lightly from fence to post behind her.  Eventually she ducked into the corner sweet shop, trying to elude it and its sharp black gaze.  All eyes in the shop immediately turned upon her, with the strange, knowing, half fearful expression that followed her around.  Her nerves growing, she quickly bought a bag of peppermints and departed, shooting down the steps and around the corner, desperate to escape those accusing, boring eyes.
As she turned into the town square, past the ancient stone fountain and its craggy, lichen-covered image of a stone dragon which stood crumbling guard in the centre, she caught a glimpse of her face in the grubby window of an old furniture shop.  Small and thin, her windblown dark hair milling around her white face, she appeared almost ghostlike, the pallor of her complexion enhanced by her large grey eyes, circled with purple smudges, which told of the sleepless night before.  As she stared at her own image, she became strangely aware of a movement behind the phantom twin, a rippling, unctuous, swaying movement, which seemed to hold her mesmerised and locked in its motion.  She stood silently, she didn’t know for how long, and felt herself rocking, as if held on a branch, the tension in her insides gently unravelling.  The wind sang softly in her ears, and from somewhere within the darkness of the shadow rose a small, red glow, which grew wider and larger the longer she gazed into it, the heart in its depth seeming to hold a whirling cavern of fire and blood and life.  It seemed familiar, and it was then that the voices began, pleading and yearning and swelling from a low, deep, desperate moan to an agonised wail, exploding in her ears and her mind.  She would shatter if it didn’t stop soon, she knew it.  She could almost see the orange sparks shoot from her body in a fiery shower, flashing bright and deepening to a thick, bloody rage.  She could not seem to move, even to cover her ears, although what use that would have been she didn’t know, for the voices seemed to come from inside herself.  She could feel herself burning, crackling up, and then suddenly her whole body snapped and tingled in a lightning flash, and her skin was burning from the hot touch of the charm, and it seemed that the pale reflection of herself shimmered and faded until she could actually see the image of the fountain, the dragon suddenly bold and clear, behind her.  She whipped around in a frenzy, her heartbeat pulsating to a gallop.
There was nobody there except a lone seagull, crying and whimpering, its body tossing on the breeze above her.
She gasped, frozen for an instant, the small grey seaside village seeping through her consciousness again like a musty odour, the only sound the constant sighing of the shore and the thin mews of the gull.  She didn’t like the look of it somehow, hovering above her, and turned back quickly into the Beach Road, the fish cold and greasy in its paper parcel under her arm.  She needed to go home and think.
It was a good mile back to the castle.  The Beach Road was a lonely route, rarely used by anyone except the Penmorvens as it didn’t really lead anywhere but to the castle, and it seemed an unspoken law in the village that the castle was to be left alone.  The road wound, in a stark, dry river, along a cliff overlooking the seafront, the only decoration being a strange, upright block of stone, about six feet tall, which stood halfway between the castle and the village, guarding the chopping waters like a sentinel.  It was known as Alchemist’s Block, named for an early Penmorven, and somehow Arlen always felt safe by that rock, perhaps for its family connection.
The bird was not deterring from its path, tracking her at a steady pace, hopping from tuft of grass to sand dune, its small, watchful eye never turning from her for a second.  This is ridiculous, thought Arlen.
“What do you want?” she said aloud to the bird, feeling slightly more ridiculous.  The gull said nothing, but stood and stared, its head cocked onto one side.
“Well, stare then,” she said crossly.  “I’m going home.”
The sky was darkening as she spoke, gusts of rain spitting from the hanging clouds above and the churning sea turning black before her.  There was going to be a storm, and she planned to be home before it started.  She took a last exasperated look at the bird, which had still not moved, even as the raindrops spattered through its feathers like shattering glass, and turned, unable to prevent a quick glance at the heavy, tossing waters.
Dark, dark and deadly were those waves.  One would not escape them easily.  She shuddered, wanting to turn but somehow unable.  An object bobbing in the foam had caught her attention.  A charred piece of wood, belched and thrown by the whitecapped mounds of water.  Arlen couldn’t help but wonder whether it had been used last night.  As she strained her eyes, looking for something, she didn’t know what, she saw something else rise from the violent waves.  It was a hand, adorned by a glittering ruby ring.  And it moved.
Arlen froze, her hands grating against the cold stone beneath her, pressed so tightly that her knuckles threatened to break through the white, stretched skin.
The hand held itself above the water for a few moments, as it awaiting something, and then it began to rise, a wrist emerging, followed by the length of a long, white arm.  And suddenly Arlen sprang.
The fish forgotten, she flew down the old Beach Road towards home, carrying nothing but the charm held tightly against her breast.  There was a beating of wings behind her as she mounted the steps, and she slammed the door in the face of a cluster of squalling, crying seagulls.
“Where’s the fish?” was her aunt’s first question, her back turned to the girl as she sliced some greens on the kitchen table.
“I – I left it on the rock – ”
“Left it on the rock?” her aunt repeated, wiping her hands on her apron, her temper flaring.  “Well, you’ll have to go back and get it before someone takes it.”
“I – I can’t – ” Arlen replied, in a choked whisper.
“What do you mean, you can’t?” her aunt shouted angrily.  “You will and I’ll say – ” 
But her voice was silenced by a small thud as Arlen slid to the floor, her face whiter than death on the cold flagstones.  And, as she bent to help her, her aunt did not notice the tight fist of Arlen’s hand, curled protectively around her mother’s golden charm.
Chapter Three
Alice gazed out of the window, her eyes barely registering what she saw.  Had she been looking closely, she would have witnessed blackness, and only blackness.  But she had more to concentrate on than the landscape – or lack of it – before her eyes.  
It didn’t seem real to her.  Nothing had seemed real since that afternoon, when her father had informed her that she was going to reside, for an indefinite period, with her unknown mother’s aunt in a little Cornish fishing village.  It had seemed even less real when he had dumped her on the train at Paddington and left her – just like that – without even so much as a wave.
And now she was going to actually live with someone she didn’t even know – an old, unknown relative, probably ancient – and who, she had a grave suspicion, didn’t even know she was coming.  And how would that look?  To turn up – a complete stranger – on the doorstep, and face the possibility of being turned away.  And then where would she go?  She had no idea where her father even was.
The whole thing was like a dream – a bad dream – and only the anxious churning of her insides could convince her that she was awake.  She sighed, and rubbed the grimy glass furiously with her hand, pressing her forehead against it and focusing suddenly.  Her reflection faced her in the mirror, her pale face seeming even whiter in the black window, enhancing the worry in her dark grey eyes.
And out there.  Well, all she could see out there was the blackness – a thick, suffocating blackness so intense that it seemed to reach out for her, even behind the protection of the smudged window glass, so that when the train finally pulled into the rickety, desolate little station, she had an overwhelming desire to stay on board – anything but to face that eternity of darkness and the unknown horrors it could contain.
But there was no other stop – this was the last one on the route, and here the ancient little train would sleep until the following afternoon, when it geared up again for its return journey to London.  And how she fervently wished she were on it, travelling back to the world she knew.
Alice thought quickly.  She couldn’t stay on the train all night.  For one thing it was freezing – rail budget cuts seemed to have included the heating this year.  And, as a strange, long mist suddenly stole into the carriage, she hurriedly packed up her baggage, found an exit, and descended the steps.
It was as if something besides herself was willing her out into the night.  Only it was something that she couldn’t see for the dark veil surrounding her.  Her chest felt tight suddenly, and she gasped for breath.  The blackness seemed to pulsate and writhe and fill the air.  It was a blackness that continued forever – pools of dark cavities welled before her eyes and seemed to close in on her.  She had never felt anything like it before, and she shivered violently, uncontrollably, in the damp, groping air.
Suddenly, from behind her, she heard a chuckle, a low, rasping, triumphant sound which seemed to freeze her to the core of her being.  And then she felt a hand on her shoulder.  Whipping around, her fingers ready to strike, she found herself face to face with a tall young man, standing by a horse and cart.  He must have been waiting for some time, as Alice had not heard him drive up, and the slight touch of his hand on her shoulder had been as cold as ice.  He seemed to be wearing a type of dark uniform, and his eyes were piercingly blue.  He said nothing, but continued to stare straight before him.  Alice almost had the feeling that he was looking right through her.  She shivered, and took a step back.
“Are – are there any taxis around here?” she asked, nervously.
The young man made no effort to answer her, but gestured towards the cart, as if for her to climb inside.  He turned then, and swung himself into the driver’s seat, waiting patiently.
Alice didn’t know what to do.  All her life she had been told not to accept rides from strangers – and she couldn’t really be faced with anything much stranger than this.  After a few moments’ thought, she quietly picked up her case and walked round to the station entrance, just to see if there were any taxis, or signposts even, so that she could walk.  But there was no sign of life on the dark road before her.  Even the driver of the train seemed to have disappeared, and she was left alone on the station with her strange, silent companion.  It seemed she had little choice.
Her insides knotting into a tight ball, she walked slowly back towards the cart.  The driver did not seem to have moved since she had left him.  He was still staring straight ahead, as if he had not even noticed that she had left.
“Do – do you – go anywhere near the Penmorven house?”  She finished the question in a rush, as if afraid that her voice would suddenly disappear.
The driver, predictably, made no answer, but again motioned for her to step inside.
Alice forced down a lump in her throat and, with a grim determination, lifted her bag onto the worn cloth seat.  The driver clicked the reins as soon as she climbed in beside it, and Alice leant back, her heart pounding fiercely as the horse mounted the steep climb.
Why was everything so open here? she wondered.  There were no cars to be seen, no tall, cramped buildings thick with lives.  No factories chugged the excretions of their polluted manufacture into the air, no TVs or stereos could be heard blasting into the night.
All was silent and sharp and watchful, as if something was on the prowl and the rest of the world was hiding from it.  It was a frightening sensation.  She shuddered.  All that could be heard were the continuous cries of the seagulls.  Strange, purposeful cries, as if the birds were calling each other.  It was very weird.  Alice was aware of their circling overhead, their constant watching.  These seemed to be no ordinary gulls.  Perhaps it was the strangeness of it all, but Alice couldn’t help feeling that they were watching her.
“Aye, the birds know,” a voice sounded from somewhere, although whether it came from the cart driver or something else, she didn’t know.  She clutched tightly to the side of the vehicle, barely able to distinguish the bumps in the road from the fearsome shaking of her own body.
And then, suddenly, the horse drew to a stop and the top of the hill was reached and Alice gasped.  It was the night of the full moon, and the sky was ablaze with the shimmering glow of stars.  All the constellations were out and visible, and they illuminated the little village below them as if it were a fairy scene.
To her surprise, the birds swooping and darting over the crest of the hill screamed in pain at the starlight, and covered their eyes in a furious batting of wings, and were suddenly and strangely gone.  Alice hadn’t realised how many there were, for once the tumultuous retreat had occurred in a blind and angry flapping, the air seemed very light and clear, and even the heavy seaweed smell of the ocean seemed fainter.
Then, as the cart rounded a corner, Alice found herself gasping again at the wondrous sight which met her eyes.  For there, outlined in the silvery moonglow, was the shape of a castle, grand and glorious against the starlit backdrop.  She stared in amazement as the cart driver actually turned the horse towards the landmark, glancing quickly at him for some sign of confirmation that this was indeed their destination, but his face remained turned from hers, his back still and straight.  Although she may have imagined it, she thought for a minute that she could see the outline of the castle through him.  She looked away quickly, and concentrated on the horse’s path.
To her excitement, the driver did indeed turn into the tall castle gates, drawing the horse to a standstill outside two heavy oak doors, adorned by the worn and crumbling image of a dragon.  Without a word, he leapt lightly from his seat and lifted down Alice’s case, then extended his hand as if to assist her.  Remembering the icy gush of his touch on her shoulder, Alice shook her head, gently, so as not to hurt his feelings, and swung herself down.  She felt very forlorn, standing by her small case, as he went to pound on the thick, arched entrance.
No lights appeared.  Alice stood nervously on the step, clearing her throat and racking her brain in vain for the impressive opening sentence which seemed to elude her.  She heard footsteps, and a tiny peephole that she hadn’t noticed slid open, the light of a candle making her squint as two pale eyes stared out at her.
“What d’you want?”
“I – I – ” she had hardly time to think of an ending for the sentence when the door suddenly opened wide, and an old, greyish looking lady appeared.  She was dressed in a thick flannel nightgown which had probably once been white, but was now yellowed with age, the lace trim at the collar and sleeves cracked and crusty.  Her ancient matching bedcap slipped to reveal her thin, grey hair as she threw open the heavy door and angrily pulled Alice inside.
“Why, Arlen, what are you doing out of bed?  I told you, you need rest!  You’ll catch your death of cold.”  The old woman was fussing round Alice crossly, smoothing out her dishevelled elflocks and smothering her cold frame in a thick, musty patchwork quilt.
“But I – ” Alice began, confused, when the woman stopped and seemed to gaze at her with a puzzled, half fearful expression.
“Arlen?” she asked, almost timidly.
“My name is Alice,” Alice explained, feeling more unreal than ever.  “I’ve – ”
“Alice?” the woman whispered, incredulously.  “Margaret’s Alice?”
“My mother’s name was Margaret,” Alice replied helpfully, feeling as though she were in a dream.  She brushed her hair away from her damp forehead.  “But I don’t – ”
“Oh my, my dear!  Look at you, after all these years!”  She seemed genuinely pleased to see her, and Alice found herself able to breathe a little.
“Aunt – Aunt Maud?” she asked, feeling a great need to be sure of something.
“Of course, child.  But what are you doing here – and in the middle of the night, too?”
And Alice explained, shortly and bluntly, that her father had tired of her company and decided that his twelve years of responsibility now demanded some show of care from her mother’s side of the family.  With those thoughts, he had placed her on a train to Cornwall that very afternoon, and was planning to go abroad the following evening.
“Why, the – ” Aunt Maud began furiously, pulling herself up short as she remembered that Alice was standing beside her.  “You poor child,” she finished, in a gentle tone that would have thoroughly surprised Arlen had she been present.  “But I told your mother from the beginning that he was no good,” she continued, unable to help herself.  “I knew it.  I told her so.  Men.”  She humphed, then paused, something seeming to strike her as strange.  “But how did you know to find us at the castle?”
“A young man – he drove me here on his cart,” Alice replied, feeling somehow that the words sounded very foolish in the cold, dark hall.
“A cart?” Aunt Maud repeated, sounding as though she didn’t know whether to laugh or worry.
“Well, yes,” Alice answered.  “He didn’t say anything much – just something about the birds knowing.  They were very strange, though.  Flapping and fluttering all around us.  They seemed to be following us.  Why, Aunt Maud,” she touched the old lady’s sleeve timidly, “is anything the matter?”
“Well, dear, it’s just that – well – nobody around here has used a horse and cart for years.  I can’t imagine who gave you a lift.”
“Or what,” Alice muttered under her breath, and shuddered.  She hardly had time to dwell on the strange worry of who had brought her to the castle when Aunt Maud jumped quickly towards another problem – of where to put her for the night.
“Come, dear, you must get to bed,” she insisted, after confirming that no one who lived in the village fitted Alice’s description of the mysterious stranger.  “I’ll just have to put you in the tower room with Arlen.  It’s rather cold and bare, but it’s one of the few liveable rooms in the place.  The castle may be large, but it’s sadly in need of repair.”
This struck Alice as very strange.  It had seemed glorious to her upon arrival.
After a long, winding, tiring trip up a dark, musty, crumbling spiral staircase, Aunt Maud threw open a heavy wooden door.  It was adorned with a large iron ring and several huge bolts and hinges, and looked to Alice just the sort of door she had read about in fairy tales when she was younger.  Curiously, she found herself holding her breath as she peered inside.
The room was indeed cold.  There appeared to be no glass in the narrow stone windows, and the furniture, consisting of a wooden chair, a small chest and a large mattress, was sparsely arranged in the tiny round area.  The sea could be plainly heard, knocking against the rocks on the shore below the window.
Aunt Maud, who had vanished, suddenly reappeared behind her dragging another mattress, upon which she placed the thick patchwork quilt.  She positioned it a little across the way from the other one, and Alice started suddenly as she realised that this meagre bed contained a small figure, which was curled on its side beneath a worn, dark blanket, and was breathing heavily with the drugged sound of fatigue.  
She hadn’t realised just how tired she was until she lay down.  The poor excuse for a bed wasn’t what she was used to, but she found that she didn’t have the strength to complain, and almost welcomed the thin pillow Aunt Maud had provided.  As the starlight faded from her eyes and she drifted into a helpless, possessive sleep, she heard the cry of a lone gull, and barely noticed the shadow of a wing beat over her white face and that of the girl on the other mattress, as the stars sank slowly into oblivion.

Arlen awoke early that morning.  She felt refreshed after her deep slumber, so much so, in fact, that she began to wonder if the events of the day before had been nothing more than a very strange, very terrifying dream.
As she rolled over, her breath clouding like puffs of smoke in the cold mist of morning that bled through the paneless window, she saw, to her surprise, another mattress in the room, occupied by a small sleeping form.  As if to answer her confusion, the being yawned and stretched from beneath the patchwork quilt that Aunt Maud had fashioned as a teenager (many years ago, Arlen had always thought), and Arlen found herself staring into her own face.
Chapter Four
“Now, now,” Aunt Maud fussed around, the tension in the small, cold room drawing her like a moth.  She seemed almost to be enjoying herself, the growing sparks of hostility bouncing off her like electricity and animating her dull, grey eyes with a curious red gleam.
At first Arlen had sat staring, her mouth a little agape, her eyes growing wider and wider.  Alice, as she gazed back, could not help wondering whether she had missed seeing a mirror in the darkness of the room.  But something was different.  She could see – actually feel it.  Those eyes weren’t hers.  Her eyes didn’t know the fear encompassed in the wide, dark pupils, so like her own, that were directly opposite.
Arlen was terrified.  Was it the girl - ?  The drowned girl she had seen on the beach?  But this girl was younger, around her own age, and her face, glowing with health and life, was exactly the same –  What trick were they playing?  Fear and hostility snapped within her in the same breath, and she faced her double, hands clenched, the nails biting into her palms like crescent shaped teeth.  “Who are you?” she whispered savagely.  “What do you want from me?”
They were bristling like aggressive cats when Aunt Maud found them, having suddenly remembered Alice’s arrival the night before, and dashing upstairs to “see to sorts”, as she put it.
“Arlen,” she said, the hint of a smile taunting her face.  “Arlen?”  But Arlen tore herself away and hurled herself into a corner of the room, retching.  Embarrassed, Alice knelt down and retrieved an old telescope from the floor.  She was angry – why should the other girl think that she wanted a live reflection?
Aunt Maud was grinning now, and she somehow marched them downstairs to the kitchen, where she laid out their cold, greasy breakfasts, and proceeded to explain the situation.  Reaching for a high cupboard, she removed a picture and turned it face towards the two girls.
“Your parents,” she explained bluntly.  “You’re twins – separated by two people who think more of themselves than is decent for any living person to think.”  She paused, and nodded to the twin on the left.  “Alice, meet Arlen, your older sister by ten minutes.”  She jerked her head from Alice to Arlen.  “Arlen, Alice.  You’re not alone any longer.”  And with those few words, she lay the picture of the girls’ parents face down on the table and left the room.
It was a strained few minutes.  Both girls sat in silence, looking anywhere possible but at each other.  It was a very strange sensation – coming face to face with your own face – but not yourself.  Like some science fiction work, Alice thought.  Of course, if you were used to it –
Arlen had been waiting to speak.  To say something – anything – that might convince her that this was real and that she wasn’t having some strange nightmare.  But the girl was real.  Aunt Maud had said so – she had seen her touch her arm and it was firm and solid.  Then who had she seen on the beach?  She had been so tired lately, watching and waiting, and the gaze of the phantom dancer bored like fear into the pit of her stomach.  Yet the question faded suddenly as the realisation hit her.
“So,” she said grimly, her gaze focusing steadily on a crack in the worn stone floor, “you’ve been dumped too.”
It was so blunt, Alice almost wanted to laugh.  She should have been hurt, she supposed, or offended, but somehow it didn’t seem to matter very much anymore.  It had happened, and that was that.  She had stepped into another world here, one which seemed very far away from her irresponsible father and his money-making schemes.  This certainly didn’t happen every day – well, the dumping part did, she supposed.  Rotten and selfish and mean – but unfortunately true.  And yet – “I thought,” she responded, with a wry smile, “that this sort of thing only happened in stories.”
The other girl looked up then, her expression a strange mixture of suppressed pain and a fierce urge to laugh.  Twins.  The idea of it made her think of a pair of bookends.  And yet, she was so obviously a different person.  And she was real.  A small smile rose to her lips, and the other girl laughed, a strange, ringing sound in the great stone room.
And the gull, watching outside the window, nodded its head sharply once, and departed quickly, winging towards the sea.

“I can’t believe you live in a castle,” Alice said excitedly, as Arlen led her around the old stone foundations.  The building didn’t seem now to be the wonder she had thought it the previous night; as Aunt Maud had advised, it was indeed in a sad state of disrepair.  The heavy grey stone walls were badly chipped and worn, and one whole half of the castle, mostly the wing which would have looked out over the ocean, had been destroyed.  The villagers claimed it was the force of the huge waves constantly pounding against the walls throughout the centuries, but Arlen believed that something more had occurred.
“The strange thing,” she told Alice, as the two clambered over fallen trees and blocks of stone, “is that there are burn marks all around the outside, near the rocks on the beach.  To me, it looks as though there had been a violent battle, and that someone had deliberately tried to set fire to it.  But nobody will admit it.  I don’t care,” she crushed a stick into the damp, wet sand beneath her trainer.  It sank, but did not break.  “There’s proof, whatever they say.”  She closed her eyes, trying to forget the phantom twin, her haunted eyes pleading in the moonlight.
“What proof?” Alice asked, curiously.
“Something happened here,” Arlen replied.  “It seems to hang over the place – in the air, and the wind – and that sea,” she added with a shudder.  “I’ve spent hours in the library looking, but I think that anything there may have been destroyed.”
“Anything like what?” Alice persisted.  “What are you looking for?”
“Oh, sorry,” Arlen pulled herself together suddenly with a short laugh.  “I forgot you didn’t know anything about the village.  I’ve had to suss it together from bits and pieces I’ve overheard people talking about, mostly.  I think it started with the alchemist.”
“Alchemist?” Alice wrinkled her forehead.  “You mean like – trying to make gold and that sort of thing?”
“Yes,” Arlen nodded.  “Our family has owned this castle forever, and he was one of them, centuries and centuries ago.  They say he barely used to leave his room, he was so busy working.  I think the villagers were afraid of him.  I found a torn fragment of writing once, hidden in one of the books in the library.  It was made of a funny material, like a very smooth, soft leather.”
“Probably vellum,” Alice suggested knowledgeably, remembering a medieval history lesson at school.  It all seemed so long ago.
“Perhaps,” Arlen shrugged.  “Whatever it was, I could make out something about hiding a stone, and about the village – staying silent, I think it was.  I’m not sure.  The writing was so old it was hard to understand, and some of the letters didn’t seem to be in the right places.”
“They used to do things like that,” Alice offered.  “What sort of stone?”
“I’m not sure about that,” Arlen answered.  “He may have worked on different things.  There was a ruby, I know that much.”  She stopped then, and when she spoke again her voice was low.  “I found an old portrait once – it must have dated from hundreds of years ago.  I remember it was very faded and waterstained, and it had strange tear marks in the canvas.  I think it had been buried in the sand and the soil for years, in the ruins of the alchemist’s tower.  That’s where his room used to be.”  She pointed to the part of the castle that directly faced the sea.  The tower was no longer there, having fallen into the water centuries ago, perhaps the victim of the mysterious fire.  All that remained was a crumbling outer wall, and some skeletal box shapes, which at one point must have been inhabited rooms.  From the entrance of an old stone archway, a narrow curved staircase, not unlike the one leading to the girls’ own tower room, led to nowhere, an end step perched on the brink of the sea.  Alice could hear the waves below, pounding against the rocks, and she shivered.  It was all very creepy.
“I was exploring there one day,” Arlen continued, “and I saw the frame sticking up out of the sand.  When I uncovered it, I found a picture of a very old man with a long white beard, and a strange sort of square cap on his head.  He was wearing long black robes, and in his right hand he held a large red ruby, which he seemed to be examining.  I remember his eyes –they looked kind, but so sad, and I wondered why.”  She paused, the ancient picture clear again before her.  “But when I took it to show Aunt Maud she told me off for scrabbling about there – said it was dangerous and I could have been struck by falling masonry and wasn’t to go there again.  And then the picture disappeared.”  She stopped and looked towards the sea.  “There’s a standing stone further up the road, towards the village,” she said softly.  “It’s called Alchemist’s Block.  After him.  But I don’t know why.”
“And what about the picture?” Alice asked.
“I don’t know.  I haven’t seen it since.  I don’t know what Aunt Maud did with it.  But I have seen the ruby,” she added in a low voice, so low that Alice could not make out what she had said, and she felt a sudden chill crawl up her spine.  She shivered, and changed the subject.
“You mentioned something about proof,” she said.  “What is it?  Can I see it?”
But her twin’s face suddenly took on a frightened, almost haunted expression, and her eyes grew large and dark.  “No,” she said sharply.  “Not to the beach.  I don’t want to go to the beach.”  She could not forget the black, churning waters of the night before, the pale limb slicing through them like a knife.
“Why – ” Alice began, but her sister’s face stilled her.  She said no more, but gazed curiously at Arlen from time to time.  They were walking down the old Beach Road, and Alice couldn’t help but notice that Arlen was keeping as far away from the beach side of it as possible.
No one was around and nothing stirred, save for the haunting, chilling wail of the wind sweeping past them and rustling their hair around their faces, as it played amongst the fronds of rushes on the sides of the rough path.  No presence disturbed them, except for the strong odour of the ocean, an omnipotent, powerful smell, which almost dizzied the girls’ senses.
“You know,” after her strange experience the previous night, Alice considered the all too obvious absence now as rather strange, “I haven’t seen one seagull here all day.  Isn’t that odd?  Especially at a beach.  And there were so many of them last night, too.”
Arlen had started at the mention of the absence of birds, but Alice’s following sentence drew all colour from her face.  “What do you mean, there were so many of them last night?” she asked, her voice tense and anxious.
“Well,” and Alice explained about her strange desertion at the lonely station, and the thick swarm of watching birds, and the strange voice, which she wasn’t sure had come from the mysterious cart driver whom nobody seemed to know about.  Arlen’s expression grew more and more strained as she listened, until Alice stopped, afraid that the girl was going to keel over into the sodden, sucking sand below.
“What is it?  What’s wrong?” she asked quickly.
“He was right,” Arlen murmured in a whisper.  “I don’t know how he knew.”
“Who knew?”  Alice was growing panicky.  “What is it?”
Arlen turned to face her, her hand flying protectively to the sparkling mark that rested against her throat.
“I can’t understand how they all knew you were coming.”
“What is this place?” Alice asked suddenly, and her voice was low.
“A place very far away from anywhere else,” Arlen replied, almost to herself.  She was leaning her head against the cool block of stone, its surface strangely smooth after many centuries of torment by wind and water.  “This is Alchemist’s Block,” she offered then.
“Our alchemist?” Alice asked.  She liked the idea – it was all rather like being in a story.
“Yes,” Arlen nodded, and frowned.  “There’s something strange about it all, some mystery about it.  I heard some of the village women talking once, when I was younger.  I was in the sweet shop, and they were having tea at one of the tables and gossiping, like they do.  They didn’t see me come in and, as everybody here shuts up the instant I come into view, I ducked behind one of the counters and listened.”  She laughed suddenly, and the sound was strangely hollow.  “It sounds awful, doesn’t it?  But there’s not much else to do in a place like this.
“They were talking about the sea – it had been very wild, but that’s not unusual.  They’re all afraid of it here – we are, I mean – it’s a frightening sea – as if it has a mind of its own.”  She paused, as the endless rush of the water before them seemed to roar in agreement.  “They mentioned something about the rock – it wasn’t long after I’d seen the picture, and I couldn’t help but listen.  But then Mrs Trulyn – she owns the shop – caught me lurking, and hustled me outside before I could hear anything else.”
She stopped, uncertain of how to continue.  It was the first time she had had somebody to talk to who was actually prepared to listen to her about these things.  Aunt Maud was no use, and somehow with Mr MacKenzie, the subject had a strange habit of hiding itself beneath distractions.  She had really been left to puzzle everything out in her own mind, and it was an odd luxury to finally be able to assess the situation with a listener who seemed as eagerly interested as she, and was as importantly involved.  She couldn’t help but wonder how strange everything must seem to someone who had been brought up outside of Southmore, someone who was used to bright lights and television and the cynicism of the city.  The words tumbled over anxiously in her mind, and she struggled to control them and select the right ones.
“But I heard enough before she threw me out,” she said, slowly.  “They blamed him.  The alchemist.  They said something about it not having been this way before – about it being his fault, his responsibility.  Maybe that’s why they hate me so much,” she added, as an afterthought.  “Perhaps they see me – us – as being just as guilty, because we’re his descendants.”
“Whenabouts was all this?” Alice asked suddenly.  Her head was swimming.  Arlen was right.  Southmore and its odd goings-on certainly seemed very far away from anywhere else, and particularly far away from the lights and crowds and life of London.
“I’m not sure,” Arlen frowned.  “Somewhere in the fifteenth century, I guess.  At least, the clothes in the portrait looked similar to some of the fifteenth century clothes in one of the books in the library.”  She stopped, and ran her hand lightly over the smooth stone surface.  “A long time ago.”
“Yes,” Alice agreed.  A thought struck her suddenly.  “Do they have any local history books in the library?  That might tell you something.  Or the internet?”
“Oh, there’s no village library,” Arlen said, with a surprised glance.  “Just our library at the castle.  But there’s nothing about Southmore or the alchemist there.  I’ve read just about everything in it.”  She sighed, and looked puzzled.  “What’s an internet?”
“It’s – ” Alice thought and stopped, unsure of how to explain the modern world to someone from this strange little remnant of the past that was Southmore.  She gave up.  “Never mind.  Nothing in your own library?  You would have thought, of all places – ”
“I know.”
The pair were quiet for a few minutes, Arlen once again rerunning the mental catalogue of events she had built up from the patchy information found, and Alice wondering that places like this still existed in the twenty first century.  She shivered, suddenly very aware that she didn’t like Southmore very much.  “It’s very cold,” she said.
“It is,” Arlen answered, and turned.  “Come on, let’s go.”
Silently, the twins left the stone and began the trek into the village.  A passerby would not have imagined the strength of thoughts teeming through each girl’s brain.  As they turned into one of the cobbled streets, Mrs Penmullen suddenly appeared at her door, shaking a rug vehemently.  When she saw them, she stopped short at the pair of lookalikes standing before her.  Arlen almost grinned, expecting a large reaction.  Mrs Penmullen was noted throughout the village for having the largest nose and the widest mouth in the place, and this fresh and exciting piece of gossip would just about make her day.  But to her surprise, the woman merely cast a quick look at the two and said shortly, “Well, I see you’ve come then, girl.”  And with that, she dropped the rug on the ground, quickly stepped inside, and locked and bolted her door.
Arlen stared, speechless.
“Come on,” Alice pulled at her arm.  “We might as well go home.  She doesn’t seem very friendly.”
“Well, I – ” Arlen was still struck by the strange behaviour of the loud gossip.  But before she could offer a comment they passed Mr Allen washing his dog in a tub in his front yard.  When he saw them, he smartly upset the tub, grabbed at the dog, and tripped into the house.  Both girls heard the sharp turn of a key.  They gazed at each other, dumbfounded.
Everywhere they went that afternoon, doors were bolted, gates padlocked, and shutters and curtains drawn.  Dogs barked menacingly as they passed, and some scuttled in fright from the twins’ path.  It was not long before they were heading back out of the village; Alice, who was not used to walking so far, only pausing at the dragon fountain to catch her breath.  Arlen was nervous, unable to forget her strange, mesmerising experience of the previous day.  It was a reaction not lost on Alice, but she did not comment, instead turning her attention to the crumbling stone beast.  “It’s just like the one above the castle door,” she said, “except that you can see even less of this one.”
“It’s a Penmorven symbol,” Arlen said, fingering her pendant, which for some reason again seemed to be burning her skin.  “It was supposed to protect – or something.  I could never find out the full story – again.”
“It’s not been looked after very well,” Alice remarked.  “It’s such a shame.  It looks so old, it should be under National Trust or something.  Are you OK?”
“Yes, I – it’s just my charm,” Arlen complained.  “It’s irritating me.”
“Let me see,” Alice raised herself.  “It looks like proper gold.  One of our landladies once bought me a gold bracelet as a present, but it went green after a week.  It’s very pretty.  Celtic looking.”
“It was my mother’s,” Arlen said, in a low voice.  “Our mother’s,” she corrected herself quickly, remembering.  “She left it with me, when she dumped me.  I always wear it, it’s usually OK.”
“Maybe it’s the weather,” Alice offered, feeling that it was a stupid excuse, but something she had often heard people say.  She wished that Arlen could tell her something else about their mother.
“Maybe,” Arlen agreed, and laughed.
Alice changed the subject.  “I see what you mean about the people here,” she said, glancing back at the village as they turned towards the pier.  It looked like any pretty postcard picture from the road.  There was no one behind them, but she could still feel the hostile eyes of the villagers boring into their backs.  “Do they always behave like that?”
“Yes,” Arlen replied bluntly.  “I don’t know, though.  Did you hear what Mrs Penmullen said?  It’s – it’s like they’ve been expecting – your arrival – and it scares the hell out of them.”
“Like the birds,” Alice said quietly.  “They knew.  They’ve been watching.  Where are we going?”  She felt that she had seen enough of Southmore to last her a good long while.  The barren streets, armed with padlocked doors and bolted windows and staring pairs of eyes behind white lace curtains, was more than she felt able to bear.  If that wasn’t enough, the mist was beginning to rise from the sea, filling the air with a strange sulphuric tinge that seemed to weigh upon her like lead.  She wished she were back in London, back in school, anywhere but here.
“I want to see Mr MacKenzie,” Arlen answered.  “We buy our fish from him – he’s my only real friend here.  I want to ask him what he knows.”
“But – will he act the same way as the others?” Alice asked, remembering fondly how in London no one took any notice of anyone else.
“Not usually,” Arlen replied, and stopped, doubt starting to crawl over her with clammy fingers.  Everything was so weird lately.  She took a deep breath and stared at the plain of white sand before her, flanked by the churning, turning waves.  She sighed.  “But now there are two of us.  He can’t ignore that.  Come on.”
Unhappily, Alice nodded, holding her breath lightly as she followed Arlen through the narrow streets and onto the pier, where an old, white haired man was visible, alone except for the shoals of fish and the seagulls, so many seagulls milling around him that the sound of their beating wings filled the air like thunder.  Arlen stood, stunned.  She had never seen anything like that before.  Never so many, and never – attacking.  The word flew into her mind with a chill, her whole body prickling cold as she realised that they weren’t attacking the fish – they were attacking him.
“Hey!” she cried, and ran quickly towards the beach, flailing her arms and yelling at the top of her voice, followed by Alice.  But someone was there before them.  And that someone, brandishing a broom, was doing a fairly good job of fighting off the attack.  He had clunked several birds in the face with the pole end of the brush, and was now waving the weapon in the air like a trusty sword.
As the twins drew up on the pier, stopping with a skid, all the birds rose up in one movement, wings flapping loudly, with a shrill, almost human, cry of pain that shattered the otherwise still beach.  And they dispersed and flew – and disappeared.  
Sweeping a damp elflock from her brow, Arlen turned to face the old man, worry in her eyes.  “Are you alright?”
“Och, hen, fine.”  He smiled at her and, as he turned to see Alice standing behind her sister, his eyes warmed suddenly with what seemed like tears, and a strange, deep sadness crossed over his face.  Alice almost took a step back.  She had seen those eyes somewhere before.  “And so,” he said, his soft northern accent brushing the words like ferns, “the two of you are together at last.”
Alice looked puzzled, and Arlen fingered her charm, remembering his words of the day before.  “But how did you know?” she asked, her voice tense, the curled gold still warm to her touch.
But once again, the old man didn’t have a chance to answer.
“That was amazing!  How did you do that with the birds?”  The boy had been watching them quietly.  He was now leaning easily over a barrel, one foot resting lightly on an old box.  He was a tall boy, good looking, with dark hair and very blue eyes, such as his grandfather must have possessed in his younger days.
And suddenly Alice knew whose eyes she had been reminded of.  She had seen that face and figure before.  He bore an amazing resemblance to the mysterious, silent cart driver of that first strange night in Southmore.  But this boy was younger, and his eyes were shining blue with life and laughter.  They did not know the speechless death of the phantom driver.
“How strange,” she muttered softly.  But no one noticed her reaction.
“Now, lassies, this is Robert, my grandson,” the old man winked.  “Robbie, the Misses Arlen and Alice of Penmorven,” and he doffed his cap in a regal salute.
Arlen stiffened.  She usually didn’t mind Mac’s teasing, but not in strange company.
“I’m very pleased to make your acquaintance,” Robbie spoke seriously, sincerely, and his voice was very low.  And suddenly Arlen felt a grip somewhere inside her, almost as if she had known him before but couldn’t remember where.  The whisper tugged at her, but she fought it down as best she could and looked mutinous.  
The scene before them shuddered and darkened then, and a huge black cloud loomed threateningly overhead.
“It’s alright,” Arlen said quickly, noticing her sister jump.  “It always gets dark very early here in winter.”
“Aye, lassie,” Mr MacKenzie agreed, rising with the help of his grandson.  “But it’ll be getting darker before long with the likes of them about,” and he jerked his thumb sharply back at the beach.  Alice looked at Arlen and shivered.
“You’d best be gettin’ home, girls,” the old man advised, glancing at the sky.  “It looks like it’s going to be a very dark night.  Keep yourselves indoors.”  And then he was gone, disappearing into his small cottage without another word.
“Don’t mind Mac,” Robbie said easily, thinking the twins were startled.  He began to lope along with them towards the street.  “He likes to play around with spooks.”
“I don’t think your grandfather’s belief in ‘spooks’ should be easily undermined,” Arlen remarked stiffly, annoyed by Robbie’s seeming assumption that because they were girls they needed an escort.  “And we’re quite capable of seeing that we arrive home ourselves,” she said firmly, disentangling herself from the hand he had lightly placed on her shoulder.
He stopped, and seemed to reconsider.  Alice sensed he didn’t want to push himself where he wasn’t wanted.  He seemed so nice, she wanted to apologise for Arlen’s rudeness.  “Well,” he said finally, reluctantly.  “If you’re sure you’ll be OK.”
“We’re sure,” Arlen told him sharply, and marched off.
“Oh, and tell your grandfather goodbye,” Alice called back into the darkness.
A shadow of a salute met her parting words as she hurried to catch up with her sister.  Arlen was stalking angrily down the road.
“Arlen, we could have done with him,” she chided softly.  “I don’t like walking alone at night.”
“We’re not alone,” Arlen said curtly.  “We’re together.”
Nevertheless, the two hurried as quickly as possible without actually running.  The scene had grown steadily darker since their departure from the village, and the air before them was so thick and black that they could almost touch it.  The wind was cold, and growing wilder, singing and whistling in their ears in a shrill, mad song.  Alice could feel its cold fingers run along her spine, and her hair bristled, like an animal’s.
“Here, hold my hand,” Arlen clasped her sister’s tightly in her own, “and we’ll run.  Look, there’s the castle before us already.  I can see the light shining.”  But she stopped in confusion as soon as she had uttered the words, peering into the blackness with narrowed eyes.
It didn’t look like the castle, but the light was certainly coming from that direction, a strange, bobbing light, which moved as though someone were holding it.  Arlen stopped at Alchemist’s Block, and her fingers rested on the cool stone as if for strength.  The darkness had fallen heavily around them, dousing the sky in a velvet drape, and a thick, soupy mist was rolling in from the shore in curling wreaths, winding around the girls like snakes.  Alice could feel their cold kiss on her face and hands and she tried to brush them off furiously, her fingers grasping only cold air as it wrapped around her in clammy, phantom sheets.
“It’s coming from the ruins,” Arlen said then, and her voice was small.  “There’s someone poking about down there.”
“I wonder if Aunt Maud knows,” Alice remarked, shivering.  “You said she didn’t like anyone around there.”
“No,” Arlen agreed, frowning, and she motioned for Alice to move forward with her, two dark figures, cloaked by the fog.  Her feet were steady as they approached the castle, although she kept tight hold of Alice’s hand as the light snapped off abruptly, the only sound to be heard the low moaning of the wind around the ancient stone.
Alice glanced at her sister, her face pale and starry amidst the curling tongues of mist.  “Where do you think they’ve gone?”
But she had no sooner finished speaking when a cold hand clasped her shoulder in a heavy grip.  It was like ice water dripping through her, and her heart seemed to stop completely until she heard Arlen’s voice cut through the darkness.
“Aunt Maud?”
It was indeed Aunt Maud, almost swallowed in a dusky black overcoat, her wispy, dishevelled hair floating around her face in the cloudy air like Medusa’s snakes.  The thin shard of moonlight hid half her face in darkness, accentuating the length and hollowing out the corners and crevices, until the strange contrast of pallor and shadow made her face appear almost skeletal.
“Girls, what are you doing out here?”  Her voice was tense and impatient.  “I’ve told you before, Arlen, to take note of the weather.  If you can’t behave responsibly, then you won’t go out at all.”
“I’m sorry, Auntie,” Arlen answered, and from the tone of her voice, Alice suspected that she hadn’t heard this line from Aunt Maud before.  “It came on very suddenly.”
“That’s as may be,” Aunt Maud replied, “but you should know the signs by now.”  As if in answer, the wind rose around them, weaving a path through the fog, leading towards the castle.  Aunt Maud stared at them, exasperated.  “Come on.  Inside, both of you.”  And she marched them up the path and through the kitchen door into the cold stone room.
When Aunt Maud removed her coat, the girls could not help but notice the smudges of dirt and sand upon her apron and in her fingernails.  “Light the stove, Arlen,” she ordered, disappearing into the cellar for some fish.
Alice edged closer to her sister.  “What do you suppose she was doing out there?” she asked in a whisper.
“I don’t know,” Arlen blew on the flame and stood up, dusting her jeans.  “But I think she knows more than she’s letting on.  And I think we’d better keep an eye on her, too.”
“And they always say everyone is friendlier in villages,” Alice sighed.
Arlen gave a wry grin as Aunt Maud’s heavy footsteps were heard mounting the stairs.  “Welcome to Southmore.”

That night the sky changed.  The clouds blew up and released their downpour, and the waves hurled themselves against the twins’ tower, as if hoping to knock it down with the force, the tempest-tossed tide churning and spewing forth the hulks of shipwrecks and the bones of long forgotten seamen, mermaids, and tales of the old land.  Lightning cracked and spattered, forming a blazing hue of brilliance through the night as it flung itself towards the tower, its momentary flash illuminating the little room and throwing a pattern of strange dancing shadows on the cheeks of the sleeping pair.  The war waged outside as the two slept within, and some of the forgotten yearns and hopes of those voices lost at sea so long ago found their way into the bedroom through the unguarded window and crept into the twins’ memories, their plea for life and help and hope so desperate that they couldn’t help but disturb the dreams of those whose thoughts they invaded.  Arlen and Alice drifted uncomfortably in their sleep, although neither knew why, and they heard the whispers raging faintly to their very souls, until at last the storm died down, the clouds drained of their fury, and the stinging spits of rain softened to a slow drizzle.  If the twins had been awake, they would have sensed a perturbing chill in the air – the scent of an unwelcome presence that had been and gone, but had left some sign of itself behind, like an unpleasant smell.
As it was, both girls tossed and turned more than was usual that night.  The clouds drew together over the dark, brooding sea, now slowly lapping the damp, black shore.  And a long white hand, adorned by a glowing red ring, slid back beneath the dark surface.
Chapter Five
The next morning was heavy and overcast.  A thick bank of cloud hung menacingly over the village, and any faint glimmer of sun would have had a hard time trying to break through its dense barriers.
Aunt Maud appeared just as brusque as ever as the girls descended, her back to them, one hand tightly clutching the saltcellar as she sprayed the fine, white contents over crisp, fresh tentacles.  Alice felt the contents of her stomach heave.
Yet when she turned to hand the girls their breakfasts, she seemed changed.  Gentler, softer, somehow.  She seemed genuinely interested as she sat down conversationally at the table opposite the twins, coffeepot in hand – a most un-Aunt Maudlike gesture in itself – and enquired as to what they were going to do today.  Arlen half wondered if it really was her aunt and, with a quick gulp of coffee, a “most likely into the village”, and a shove for her sister, she had Alice out of the door and down the path in the matter of a few minutes.  But instead of following the Beach Road towards the small hub of houses and village shops, Arlen turned off onto a small path that led past the Alchemist’s Block towards the beach.
“Are you crazy?” Alice questioned, her heart beating rapidly.  It was all too weird.
“Oh, we’re not going there,” Arlen explained quickly.  “We’re going to the grotto.  It’s right down on the other side of the beach.”  She led the way down a narrow sandy path, over a tiny hump of land that Alice hadn’t even noticed, and through a small forest of flowering gorse.  “This is my spot,” Arlen told her half shyly, as they walked.  “I’ve always come out here, just to be by myself.  No one else knows of it.  I couldn’t stand it if they did.”  She half laughed.
“Then – why are you showing me?” Alice asked softly.
“I don’t know,” Arlen confessed.  “Somehow you just seem to be a part of it all, I suppose.”  She shrugged and stopped, and Alice followed her gaze curiously.
They had come to the edge of a small wall of cliff, which fell to the rocks below in a steep, jagged drop.  The path continued down the rocky side, and as they descended the going grew much rougher.  Alice looked down once and decided not to do it again.
“You’ve got to watch your step here,” Arlen warned, nimbly leaping over a crevice, her feet steady through years of practice.  Alice wasn’t so sure, however, and several times required her sister’s assistance.  “One wrong move and you could end up down there,” Arlen told her, panting.  Alice shuddered, and looked away.  She could hear the restless waves beating endlessly against the rocks below, and had no desire to join them.  She moved closer to Arlen, and was glad when they suddenly veered off the path that led down, climbing over a jutting rock into a narrow space behind.  Surprised, she found herself standing in a deep, cleverly secreted cut in the stone.  “Come on,” Arlen said, grinning at her sister’s astonishment, and led her through the craggy groove.
It was like walking through a slanted maze.  The cliff face was littered with similar rude paths.  Cracks and passages crossed and threaded throughout the rock like a crazy crossword puzzle, menacing looking holes and gaps leered from every direction, some open and widely gaping, others hidden and covered by crawling moss or lichen, or puddles of lank seaweed fronds.  More than once she had been about to place her foot on a seemingly safe spot, when the ground broke from underneath her and fell, shattering into the waves and rocks below.  “Test every spot first,” Arlen cautioned her constantly, and Alice followed her advice with a white face.
Strange marine life jigged and danced in naturally made ponds and puddles all around them, constantly watched by the carnivorous sea anemone, waiting to make its kill.  Even stranger were the weird rock formations, which loomed around them like malformed, unfinished statues.  Alice had the awful feeling that they were watching her as she passed, and was careful not to look at any of them too closely.
Suddenly Arlen stopped, right before what seemed to be a dead end of stone.  Alice rushed to keep up with her, sliding precariously on a smooth, damp stretch of rock.  A row of brightly coloured sea anemones closed in a flash as her feet finally came to a halt, and she sighed with relief, glancing up to see Arlen’s figure before her, dark hair flying in the morning breeze, before she disappeared from view.  Her cry was caught by the wind, and she gulped her heartbeat down as she slowly, cautiously, followed her sister’s footsteps in the wet rock, watching them quickly swallowed by the creeping damp that bled endlessly through the cracks and fissures in the stone.  She was starting to panic.  Where could Arlen have gone?  She hadn’t seen her fall.  It was just that one minute she was there, and the next minute she wasn’t.
When the hand gripped her shoulder she thought that her heart had stopped.  As she was pulled into a narrow crevice, she felt all warmth drain from her body in an icy cold waterfall down her spine, and was just coaxing her voice to return and allow her to scream when she realised that it was only Arlen standing behind her, regarding her with a concerned face.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“Yes, fine,” Alice rolled her eyes, her breath returning in large, heavy gasps.  “Did you have to disappear like that?  I nearly died!”
“I’m sorry,” Arlen said, surprised, “but I thought you were right behind me.”
“Oh, that’s alright,” Alice half laughed, wiping the sweat from her brow.  She knew Arlen hadn’t meant to frighten her, but she almost felt that she’d rather have faced the beach.
“Here, splash some water on your face,” Arlen motioned her towards a pool of water in the middle of the cave.  “Oh, it’s alright,” she said quickly, noticing her twin’s startled look, “it’s fresh.  You can even drink from it.  It’s pure.”
And Alice, although apprehensive about the idea of drinking any sort of water that wasn’t in a bottle, was too hot and thirsty to argue.  Before she could talk herself out of it, she cupped her hand and dipped it in the clear pool.  Arlen had been right.  The water tasted pure and good, and was cold and fresh to the touch.  She drank and drank until she had had her fill, and then suddenly seemed to notice the interior of the grotto for the first time, stepping back in wonder.  “What is this place?”
The tiny dark crevice they had slipped through to enter gave no warning of the splendour that lay within.  The room was massive, almost like a theatre or a ballroom in a palace.  Glistening stalagmites and stalactites rose from the floor and hung from the roof in frozen growth, sparkling like an arrangement of very large and unusual diamond chandeliers, or marble statues.  The deep crystal lake dominated most of the floor.  Its rocky bottom was visible beneath the surface, and it appeared that a succession of shallow steps had been cut into the stone, leading down into the water.  Small pools of liquid rested on natural ledges all around them, and glowing coral nestled in small curves and depressions in the sandy rock.  A little stream flowed from one corner, disappearing into the wall and reappearing from an opening further on, creating a bubbling, frothing waterfall, which tumbled into the pool below.  Tiny, delicate, brightly patterned fish swam in some of the small pools, and an odd shaft in the roof, diamond shaped, let in the light, set at such an odd twist that it almost seemed to create a flow of sunlight where there wasn’t any, resulting in the soft, dancing glow of a rainbow streaming around the room, winking and sparkling like gold dust in the air.  The scene was amazing.  Alice gasped in delight.
“It’s my grotto,” Arlen said again, proudly.  “I found it here when I was six, and I’ve been coming ever since.  It’s my own secret room.  I’ve even slept here some nights.”  She paused suddenly, and the watery music of the waterfall bubbled in the silence.  “I’ve always felt at home here.  It seemed to be waiting for me when I first found it.  I remember, I was only six, and although I was used to being on the beach by myself, I’d never been this far round.
“And I sort of got lost, even though it wasn’t that far from the castle, and I slipped down the cliff side and twisted my ankle.  I remember sitting there in a puddle, my face screwed up in pain, and I suddenly saw a light behind a rock.  It seemed to be beckoning me in.  And I found this place.”  She gazed round her and sighed with satisfaction.  “I’ve always believed something guided me here.”  She smiled, delighted with Alice’s wonder over the natural mansion.  “And now it belongs to both of us.”
“Really?”
“Of course,” Arlen laughed.  “You’re my sister, aren’t you?”  She leapt up and grasped a shell that lay on a seat-shaped stone by the miniature waterfall.  “I hereby grant you half of everything in this palace,” she declared, her voice almost singing in the shimmering halls of the room.  “All its wonders and belongings – from now to forevermore,” and she gently dubbed her sister’s head and shoulders with its spiralled point.
“I thank you, kind lady,” Alice rose and bowed in appreciation.  It all seemed so unreal, so like a book, that she burst out laughing.  Arlen stared at her for a few moments, unsure as to whether the laughter was directed at her, and then, seemingly satisfied, began to laugh herself, until the pair finally collapsed on two rock benches in the streaming glow of the skylight.
As Alice gazed around her, something suddenly struck her as odd.  “Why is this underground lake fresh?” she asked, curiously.  “I would have thought it would be salt water in here.”
“I know,” Arlen answered, sobering immediately.  “I don’t know what causes it.  But it certainly didn’t come from this ocean.”  She shivered.  “I’m glad.  I wouldn’t want it to.  I wouldn’t want to be a part of it if it had.”
“I know what you mean,” Alice agreed.  “I’ve only been here a few days, but there’s something – forbidding – about it, isn’t there?  It’s so calm and glassy on the surface, and yet you can just imagine the – darkness underneath.  The trouble.”  Arlen agreed silently, as a cold breeze seemed to infiltrate and float around them.  It was out there, waiting, somewhere beneath that surface.  She didn’t know why she hadn’t mentioned the dancers, or the girl, who looked so like them both.  Perhaps Alice would think she was crazy, a result of her isolated upbringing and an overactive imagination.  She bit her lip, wondering what to say, when three sharp cracks sounded like knocks against the wall.  Both girls, jumped, startled, and Alice reached for her sister in a panic.  But nothing followed the harsh raps.  The breeze died down, and the scene grew silent once more.  Yet the spell was broken.
“I think it’s gone.”  Arlen rose and faced the doorway.
“It?”  Alice questioned, her throat growing dry.  “What was it?”
“I don’t know,” Arlen seemed confused.  She reached up and automatically flicked away the long dark fringe from her eyes.  “Maybe it was just the wind.”
“Yes, I hope so,” Alice murmured, but she didn’t feel so sure.  It hadn’t sounded like the wind to her.
“Did you go to the beach often when you were in London?” Arlen asked suddenly, turning and reclaiming her position on the wide, flat piece of rock.
“No,” Alice replied, shivering.  She wondered that Arlen seemed so easily calmed.  “But then, come to think of it, I never went anywhere much.  Other than flats and hotel rooms and school.”  She paused for a few moments, meditating.  “Don’t you go to school?”  The thought had struck her suddenly.  The village seemed so isolated, a good distance away from any of the Cornish cities and towns.
“No,” Arlen answered and shrugged.  “There isn’t a school here and nobody was ever willing to take me to one of the towns.  I was the only child in the village, you see.  Too much trouble, I guess.”
“The only child in the village,” Alice repeated to herself.  It seemed strange, to be the only one.  The only one – until now.  She remembered the birds watching her that first night, the small, boring eyes and the telltale screams, and the mysterious driver’s comment seemed to sound again in her ears.  “Aye, the birds know.”  “Know what?” she muttered to herself.  And who were they telling?
“What?” Arlen asked.
“Nothing,” Alice shook herself and looked at the other girl, so like her, sitting on the rock.  “You must have led an awfully enclosed life here,” she said softly.
“Well, yes, in most ways, I guess,” Arlen murmured.  “I’ve never been away from here.  But then, neither have most of the other villagers.”  She laughed wryly.  “The glorious attractions of Southmore!  Once you’re here, you can never get away.”  Alice looked away, not really liking the sound of her words.  “I’ve wanted to leave,” Arlen said then.  She raised her eyes to the glowing crystal patch of light above them, and her voice became longing.  “For so long.  I want to start again somewhere else.  Somewhere that’s alive.”  She rose, walking towards a thick chunk of gleaming stalactite and resting her dark head against its glittering brilliance.  “We’re so isolated here.  I feel like I’ve grown up in a separate world.  A lost world.  A whole forgotten part of the country.  The only person here who has travelled is Mr MacKenzie.  Most of the others have never even been to St Ives.  Can you believe it?  Not even to St Ives.  I so want to get out.  Our grandmother got out.  So did our mother.  I don’t know why Aunt Maud stayed.”  She stopped suddenly, and turned to face her twin, her face an anguished mix of anger and pain.  “You know, I’ve blamed her and blamed her.  For leaving me, for dumping me here – and now, for separating us.  Although I wouldn’t have wished this existence on you,” she said quickly.
“But it would have been better if we had been together,” Alice murmured.  “Where is she now?” 
“I don’t know,” Arlen replied shortly, staring hard at the shimmering froth of bubbles rolling into the lake.  The rainbow beams flowed from the skylight, bathing the great natural hall in a glowing fountain of colour.   She shrugged.  “She’s not interested in me, anyway.  What about your life?  You basically know about me.  When the folks split up, Mum copped me and dumped me on Aunt Maud the first chance she had.”  She glanced around her and sighed.  “So I’ve been here all my life,” and the laugh that accompanied the statement was very half hearted.
“My father didn’t exactly lose sleep over me either,” Alice confessed softly, staring at her shoes.  “He was always off somewhere on business.”
“What did he do?”
“I’m not sure.  But it was something shady.  It’s true!” she cried, as Arlen burst out laughing.  “He used to go off and meet these people in pubs and things.  We used to travel around a lot, although we always stayed in the big cities, mainly London.  I’ve always suspected he was on the run from the police.  I remember he used to have his ‘business partners’, as he used to call them, over for card nights and things, and I would never be able to go to sleep because the cigarette smoke would come drifting through into my room, and I could smell stale beer and hear them all yelling loudly at each other, half drunk, and telling dirty jokes.  And sometimes I’d creep out of bed and watch them through the cracks in the door.
“A couple of times, the ‘partners’ weren’t his usual crowd, but really dodgy looking men, and he always used to tell me to be quiet because he was discussing business.  But I listened, and I could hear them talking about cargoes and valuable jewellery and some sort of antique items he’d been holding onto.  And he always seemed to be trying to make a deal with them.
“He used to go off sometimes and leave me alone at nights, even when I was quite small, saying he had to meet someone at some port somewhere.  Mrs Landers, the lady who ran the B&B where we were staying one time, used to come upstairs and play Cluedo with me, and she used to say it was a disgrace that a man like that should have custody of a child.”
“Was she nice?” Arlen asked.
“Oh, she was lovely.  I used to wish and wish that she was my mother,” Alice half laughed, raising her face and looking towards the skylight.  The beams of radiance illuminated her features, and Arlen wasn’t sure for a moment whether she was crying.  “Sometimes I used to pretend – that she was my mother, I mean.  I used to imagine and imagine what my real one was like.”  She looked over at Arlen, unable to keep the sarcasm from her voice.  “It doesn’t sound like she was much.”
“I’m sorry,” Arlen whispered.
“Oh, it’s not your fault,” Alice told her, and resumed her story quickly.  “We didn’t stay there long though.  Some policemen came round on an investigation – he was often being questioned.  And we moved that night without telling anybody, although somebody must have found out because we were shot at.”
“You’re joking!” Arlen gasped, her eyes wide.
“No,” Alice assured her.  “And the next thing I knew, he was on his way to the airport and I was on my way to Aunt Maud’s.  That’s as much as I know about it.”  She gazed around her, cynically.  “He’d probably have been safer here!” and the laugh was bitter, its brittle sound echoing around the room like a staccato waterfall.
A shadow dimmed the sparkling colours around them.  Arlen twisted sharply, and Alice jumped.  A pebble moved, and the girls watched, hardly breathing, as it slowly rolled from the small, tunnel-like opening of the cave into the room, and dropped with a sharp pistol-crack into the cool, clear waters of the underground lake.  A dark shape emerged from the entrance, transforming before their terrified eyes into the tall, blue-eyed figure of Robbie MacKenzie.
Arlen just gazed at him, disbelief visible on every inch of her face as he lowered his long frame into the hole and stared around him with wonder in his expression.
“Hey, this is great!” he said as a greeting, his voice loud and alien in the large room.  The sound seemed to bounce in rejected echoes off the glistening spears that hung from the roof, lost and whirling around the walls and the twins until it was sucked into nothing by the huge bright skylight above.  “What is this place?”
Alice bit her lip nervously.  Arlen’s first reaction had been stunned disbelief, but now she was angry.  Cold and fierce, her face was as hard as the rocks surrounding them, her eyes stony and strangely glittering in the reflected, dancing light of her beloved granite icicles.
“What are you doing here?” she demanded, and her tone was unforgiving.
“I – I don’t know,” he seemed a little taken aback.  “I was just exploring the beach, looking for caves.  You know, just regular holiday stuff.  You don’t get too many caves in London.”  He sounded almost apologetic.  Alice couldn’t help but feel sorry for him.
“But what brought you here?” she asked gently, painfully aware of Arlen’s furious look.
“I’m not sure,” he shrugged.  “I was just walking down the beach – you know, looking around – and then I saw a light in the cliff.  And when I climbed up to examine it, I found this crevice in the wall and I crawled through and – here I am,” he finished, a little lamely.  He didn’t know why Arlen seemed so upset.  Anyone would think he had committed a crime.
Arlen was silent and stiff, although her heart bled with an intense, savage fury.  How dare he.  How dare he.  This was her place.  Hers.  No one had set foot here but she for who knew how many years.  She had found it, she had claimed it, she had invited Alice to it, and now –
The red waves rose and bubbled before her eyes and she shot forward suddenly with a strange, bitter cry, until Robbie thought that she would run full tilt into him.  But she swerved as she reached him, and disappeared through the small hole as though she had been sucked through it.
“What’s with her?” Robbie asked, confused.  “Do I look that bad?”
But Alice, with a fleeting, exasperated glance at him, was gone.
“Hey, it was a joke!” Robbie called back, racing after her.  He slipped through the crevice as quickly as was possible for his long, lanky frame, and followed Alice’s path up the shadowy cliff.
The scene outside had darkened considerably, and the sky was the thick, soupy colour of oil.  Robbie looked up, disturbed.  Heavy and brooding, it seemed to be waiting for something, secretly watching from beneath its forbidding brow of black clouds.
Arlen was stalking steadily ahead of them, her footsteps firm and determined on the wet, sandy rock.  She did not notice the path her feet took, or the way the soft tongues of water lapped seductively at the shore below her.  All she could think about was the intrusion.  “How dare he,” she muttered again to herself, savagely.
Her anger swelled as Robbie’s cheerful voice echoed in her mind like a broken record, and the wind seemed to hear her rage and chuckled delightedly, surging around her as if singing the sound of her fury.
“Arlen, wait!”
The voices came from behind her, and she whipped around suddenly, her hair flying in the gale, dark strands biting at her face and her eyes black with the glare of her anger.  She could see Alice, moving as fast as she dared along the narrow channel of stone, and Robbie behind her – Robbie, who had invaded.
Around her the winds soared and sang in a mighty crescendo, and the waves rose and roared as if in chorus, and all she could remember were Robbie’s blue eyes as he had entered the cave.
“What is she doing?” Alice cried, terrified, as she watched Arlen stand still and upright on the edge of the cliff, the gale sweeping around her in a scream, although she seemed not to notice it.  The waves below were growing more and more agitated in the storm, hurling against the cliffside, higher and higher, and the rain spattered in stinging pellets on their faces.  Alice was speeding, half sliding as she scrambled up the cliff path, which shone in the dark damp like polished marble, her sandy footsteps swallowed quickly by the tongues of cold, white foam that steadily rose as the waves grew higher.  She had to reach Arlen before – before –
Try as he might, Robbie could not keep up with her, and he had to – he had to catch her before all her traces were gone, licked clean by the dark, possessive waters.  But his athletic skills were of no help here, and the fronds of seaweed rocking in the violent wind seemed to grasp his ankles like slimy fingers.
“Arlen!” he cried helplessly, as he watched her cold, white face, stark against the black backdrop of ocean and sky, and he heard the call echoed by Alice, who had almost reached her, her hand outstretched as if her sister were going to fall.  Yet the wind showed no mercy and instead surged up before him like some horrific beast, a solid wall that buffeted against him like an actual blow.  For one second he almost thought he saw a shape in the swelling air, and two glowing eyes, sharp and deadly, on the rock above him.  But his fingers grasped the wind, and he heard the laugh, ringing endlessly in his ears as the seaweed bonds released him, and he fell, bloody and limp, dropping heavily onto the waiting sand below.
Alice stopped as if frozen.  Arlen didn’t even look like herself, her hair flying madly in the storm, her body still and unmoving as she watched Robbie thrown from the cliff.
“Arlen!” she cried, but her words were swallowed in the force of the wind, and she felt as though her voice had been ripped from her throat.  Arlen! She fought again desperately, this time with her mind.  What was the use of being twins if her sister couldn’t hear her?  Her fear tore at her, and she struggled furiously in the cruel arms of the gale that pinned her back.  
Arlen did not move.
Something stirred in the depths of the ocean, something large and dark.  A curved muzzle rose from the waters like the sea monsters of legend, and Alice felt the silent scream torn from her lips as the thing lurched forward with a roar and rammed full onto the jagged rocks, crashing and sticking fast with a groan and a creak as it wedged itself firmly into the stone.
Arlen turned and stared, dropping quietly onto the rock as the wind lulled and the waves calmed and died, silently smoothing themselves into a glossy black carpet, deceptively still.
It was a ship.  An ancient, rotting thing of gleaming, sodden wood, shining and bejewelled with slimy seaweed and the patterned shells of tiny sea creatures.
Alice, finding herself suddenly able to move, slid across the stone in shaking footsteps and threw her arms around her sister.
Arlen turned and looked at her blankly.  “Robbie,” she said softly.
They found him at the bottom of the cliff, barely conscious, his head bruised and sticky with blood.
“You could have been killed,” Alice whispered.  “We all could have been killed.”  She didn’t know what was real anymore.  Arlen seemed to be handling it better – silent but steady, as they aided the stumbling Robbie back to his grandfather’s house.
“I’ll be alright now,” he had said bravely at the doorway, his knees shaking.  Yet Arlen hadn’t even complained when Alice insisted on staying to see that the doctor was called and that Robbie would survive.
“A slight concussion.  Bruising.  No broken bones.  It’s remarkable, really.  A wonder he wasn’t killed.”
“Ah, it’s the MacKenzie constitution, doctor,” Mac said jokingly, but Alice noticed that his face was very pale, and that his eyes seemed even more fiercely blue in contrast.  She could not shake the memory of the lonely cart driver from her mind, somehow, when she looked at him.  But that was ridiculous, she told herself firmly, and looked away just as firmly, refusing to think of it.
The doctor gave the twins a lift back to the castle, a silent, uncomfortable trip, the copper red underbelly of the sky beneath the clouds reflecting on Arlen’s face in an almost unearthly glow.  The doctor seemed very glad once they were dropped off, and didn’t even say goodbye as he turned the car quickly around, its wheels crunching the gravel like gunshots in the stillness, and drove back into the village.
Aunt Maud let them in, angry and impatient, and seeming to know all about it.  “I’ve told you before, Arlen, to stay away from that beach.  What were you doing scrambling about on the cliff anyway?” she asked, giving her niece a sharp look, almost as if she were hunting for something, Alice thought.
But Arlen just sighed wearily and shook her head.  “Nothing, Auntie,” she replied, dully.
“Well, we’ll see,” Aunt Maud said threateningly.  “You’ll get yourself into trouble out there some day, my girl, mark my words, and there’ll be nobody to save you from yourself.  And I want you to stay away from that boy, do you hear me?  Running about the cliffside in the middle of a storm, no less.  A city brat I’d expect it from, but I would have thought you’d have had more sense.  What will Alice think?”
Alice was about to reply, but Aunt Maud was off again.
“Is he hurt badly?” she asked then, and her eyes were very bright.
Alice squared her shoulders to reply that no, he was not alright.  He had a concussion and was very lucky he hadn’t anything worse, but she was cut off once more.
“He’ll live,” Arlen shrugged nonchalantly.
“Hmm,” muttered Aunt Maud, and looked around the kitchen, her tirade apparently over.  “I suppose you’ll be wanting some tea now?”
“Not for me, thank you, Auntie,” Arlen replied, gripping the door handle, her knuckles very white.  “I’m not hungry.”
“No, I’m not either,” Alice agreed, although if it hadn’t been for the combined memory of that morning’s meal and the fact that she wanted to talk to Arlen alone, she felt that she could have been persuaded.
Aunt Maud made no protest, but nodded quickly.  “Off to bed then, and stay there.”
Aunt Maud did say some very odd things, Alice thought, but had no time to reflect on the matter as she hurried up the narrow, winding staircase after her sister.
“Arlen, wait,” she called, but Arlen continued up the stairs, only pausing at the door with a strange, drained look.  How could she look like that? Alice wondered, a sudden stab of anger shooting through her.  She hadn’t been the one to take the fall.  If anything, it seemed that she had –
She stopped the thought right then.  That was silly.  It was Aunt Maud’s crabbiness and this strange horror house of a place playing on her nerves.
“What?” Arlen asked, her face drawn, as she began to turn down her covers.
“What happened out there?”  She didn’t really know where to start.  But Arlen’s face was blank, and for some reason it infuriated her.  “You know what I’m talking about.  Flipping out like that because Robbie found the cave – so what?  It’s not private property, even if you’re the only one who’s been in it for years.  And on the cliff – it was almost like – ”
“Almost like what?”  The life snapped back into Arlen’s face suddenly and she stood upright, her eyes black and her voice threatening.
“You know what,” Alice replied, her anger swelling.  “You did it on purpose!”
“Did what?” Arlen cried, and her voice took on a frightened tinge.
“Robbie!” Alice was almost shouting.  “You did it!  And what did he ever do to you?”
“Girls!”  The door flew open suddenly and Aunt Maud faced them, her bony face flushed and cross.  “I told you to go to bed.  Now, in bed, both of you, and I don’t want to hear another word.”
It was a familiar line from television and books, and Alice almost welcomed it.
They undressed silently and crawled into their beds, and Aunt Maud extinguished the flame of the kerosene lamp herself.
“Now no more talking,” she warned them, and closed the door firmly behind her.
Alice didn’t like the sound it made, quick, like a gaol cell click in the old movies she had watched at the weekend, reverberating in the cold, stone room.  But she was too tired suddenly to think about it, a wave of exhaustion consuming her, and she drifted helplessly within it.  Not a sound came from Arlen.  But Alice couldn’t help thinking oddly, before she surrendered herself completely to slumber, that it had been a strange thing to say, to accuse her sister of such a thing.  He had lost his balance, what with the wind and all.  Arlen had been nowhere near him at the time.
And Robbie tossed and turned uneasily in his grandfather’s attic room, bothered by the wind outside his window, the lopsided front gate, swinging on one hinge, that he had promised to mend the following day, making an eerie, squeaking noise, which seemed to ride on the gusts and mock him.  He couldn’t help but remember the strange vision of the eyes before him suddenly, red and glaring through the wind, and the menacing sound, almost like a chuckle, as it lifted and threw him.  That same chuckle that was out there now, playing with the gate, tapping with the swirling leaves on his window, the same chuckle that had seemed to follow him home.
Chapter Six
The twins slept long that night, dreamlessly, although Arlen tossed and turned restlessly as the surf crashed onto the rocks beneath the window, pounding against the thick stone foundations of the castle, burrowing into the girl’s consciousness as she twisted, disturbed in her sleep, uncomfortable thoughts lurking, shadowy, somewhere in her mind.
It was very quiet when she awoke.  She sat up and rubbed her eyes, the tense events of the previous day resurfacing in her memory in small snatches, like the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.  She shuddered.  The room was grey and dull, with a light sea mist that had crept through the narrow window and now hung damply in the room, like a spider’s web.  Arlen could not prevent herself from trying to brush it from her face.
Outside the scene was still.  The waves lapped gently and silently against the foot of the tower, and the fine mist lent a thick, tarnished glow to everything, like unpolished silver.  Further out, the sea seemed strangely placid, still and smooth as glass, but opaque and impenetrable.  A lone seagull glided noiselessly through the air, casting no shadow on the dark water below.
She could see the outline of the jagged circle of rocks as she leant out of the window, and within it, the charred black twigs of the dead fire.  By the circle, almost overhanging it, lay the hulk of the wreck that had been coughed up the day before, spewed by the waves in their anger, impaled mercilessly on the harsh rocks.  Arlen was almost sure she could hear it groan and sigh as it settled itself, a last resting place.  She felt sorry for it.  She wouldn’t have liked to end her days there, stabbed by a sharp tooth of stone.
“Is that the wreck?”  Alice had woken and was trying to see out of the narrow window behind her.  “It’s a beauty.”
“It’s very old,” Arlen murmured quietly.  “I’ve seen something like it – once before.  I can’t remember where.”
“Shall we go and explore it?”  Alice had barely been listening.  After a good night’s sleep everything almost seemed like a very bizarre dream, although Robbie’s accident and the argument with Arlen played unhappily on her mind, and she was eager to make it up to her sister.
“I don’t know,” Arlen said slowly.  “I seem to – recognise it.  I – ” she stopped suddenly.  “Come with me to the library.  You’ve never been into it.”
“No,” Alice agreed, and followed, rather half-heartedly, it must be admitted.  Her sights had been set on the wreck.
Down and down they circled, passing the thick wooden door that led to Aunt Maud’s room at the bottom of the stairs.  Not even Arlen had been in there, and Alice couldn’t help wondering what she did with her time.  She did seem to disappear an awful lot.
They passed the small, cold bathroom which still required the use of buckets of water, and stepped into the shabby hallway.  It must have been very grand and impressive once, when the castle was young, and the people who lived in it were wealthy and cared to show it.  But now it was drab and very dark, and the shadowy portraits of ancestors and a large, ancient tapestry peered blindly into the gloom.  They must have been young once, and bright in their fresh oil paint and coloured threads.  But the damp sea air had loved them too well, and patches of mould had formed in the corners.  The once fine threads of the tapestry were so thin and worn that the picture had blurred into a shapeless mass of dull greens and reds and greys.  The memories of what once must have been people hovered palely in the background, but they could not escape their faceless forms, and were lost, trapped in the blur.  Alice shuddered.  This was not a nice place.
What was even more depressing was the way that the hall disappeared further down.  Just vanished, for the end rooms belonged to the part of the castle that had been destroyed, and although the hole had now been blocked up, it was horrible to think that there had once been more rooms and stairs and floors and people.
Fortunately, the library was through the first door opposite, too far in to have been caught in the mass of falling rubble all those years ago, and it was through its tired, oak doors that Arlen now led her sister.
Alice found that she was almost holding her breath.  She had seen too much television and read too many books not to have some preconceived notion of what to expect, and her imagination was running wildly on shining mahogany staircases, handsome oak desks and polished leather furniture, a blazing fire, and books, books, books, climbing the walls to the sky.  Once again, she was sorely disappointed.
She was led into a very wide, round room, with high ceilings and long walls, the original of those Hollywood movie sets.  But, as with the rest of the castle, nothing had been maintained, and many of the bookshelves had long since disappeared into oblivion.  The stone walls were glaringly bare and grey, and Alice, gazing upwards, could see that the vaulted roof must have fallen in parts at some point, and had been loosely patched with timber.  This was not sophisticated enough to prevent the ills of the cold and damp, and a steady train of greenish-grey mould was slowly moving down the walls from the ceiling in a large, unpleasant stain.  Alice shivered.  This was nothing like the libraries she’d seen and used, underfunded as they might have been.  The room was chill with the damp sea air which seeped in via the dilapidated roof, the narrow, arched windows which boasted wooden shutters rather than glass, and the grey, useless fireplace, the chimney of which had crumbled to rubble long ago.  Over the dull mantelpiece Alice could again make out the faded image of a dragon, its scales gradually blending with the peeling paint and encroaching fungus.
Arlen drew the shutters open, and a thin grey light entered feebly, casting strange shadows across the room.  Alice, shivering, cast a glance outside, and was met with a long, dismal landscape of still sea and empty shoreline beyond.  Suddenly she longed very much for the strong cabbage smell that had pervaded her favourite landlady’s sitting room.
The corner of the room by the windows still boasted books, but the shelves there had long gone, and the heavy tomes were piled in tall, wobbling stacks along the wall.  Arlen was moving some of them around, dusty and grimy and damp, despite the frequent use of her small, eager fingers, and depositing them on a dusty old table, which she had vainly tried to polish every time she used it.  The table’s chief recommendation, aside from being there, was the fact that its legs gripped the floor with sturdy wooden claws, something that Alice had only seen in the V&A on a long ago school trip, and had been fascinated by ever since.  So engrossed was she with admiring the paws that she almost forgot the whole purpose of the visit, and was only drawn back to it by a nudge from Arlen.
“Can you take this lot?”
“What are we looking for?” Alice asked eventually, after what seemed like hours of turning heavy parchments with facefuls of dust.
“I don’t know,” Arlen replied vaguely.  “I’ve been through all of these before.  It’s something about that ship – I’ve seen it somewhere.  It must be here.”  She was frustrated, snapping shut the last thick volume with a fierce crack.
Alice sat silently.  The books had been interesting, with their strange letters and colourful pictures.  The library must have been amassed over many centuries and by many generations – some of the older manuscripts were like ones she had only seen in museums, whilst others, regular printed volumes, were still very old and falling apart.
She would have liked time to explore them all.  Arlen obviously knew them well; she only needed to glance at the first page to see that it was not what she was looking for.  Now she was frowning and frustrated, deep in thought.
The room, although cold to begin with, suddenly became alive with a fierce chill.  Alice could feel the icy fingers on her skin, and shuddered.  Outside the wind sang eerily, and she could hear a strange moan crying in its arms in a voice of creaking, tired wood.
It was then that Arlen rose, and her eyes held a determined light.  “I think it’s about time we explored that ship.”
The hallway seemed even colder and damper than before, as Arlen shut the door carefully behind her.  The gentle click reverberated across the silent stone walls, and Alice turned her glance away as the faded eyes in the portraits seemed to turn reprovingly towards them.  It was only when they reached the kitchen, which seemed comparatively friendly, that she realised she’d been holding her breath.
“I wonder what happened here,” she said softly, holding herself, as if to keep warm.  “It’s all so long ago.”
“But it’s still here,” Arlen answered, grimly.  She reached into the pantry and tore off a hunk of dry bread.  “Not the greatest breakfast, but it will do,” she said, and half laughed.
“Do what?”  The deep voice sounded from nowhere, and Alice jerked forward, startled.  Arlen, more used to her great-aunt’s sudden appearances, subtly tucked the bread into her pocket, her face innocent.
“We were just going for a walk,” she said, which was true, in a way.
“Now, Arlen, I really haven’t the time this morning,” Aunt Maud shook her head with a painful expression.  She appeared to be in one of her industrious moods, a phase which Arlen dreaded.  Most of Aunt Maud’s outlook on life seemed to be that nothing was right and that everything, particularly her niece, had been sent to try her, but her industrious phases were even worse.  She would suddenly start a seemingly endless round of baking or cleaning or tidying books in the library, which usually meant throwing them away.  Arlen could remember many occasions of sneaking out at night to rescue discarded volumes from the rubbish heap.
Furthermore, she always wanted to enlist Arlen’s help, and she seemed to purposely time such moods for when Arlen had something particularly interesting to do.  Today was no exception.
“I need you to run down to the village, dear,” she said firmly.  “It’s been a while since that room of yours was cleaned properly.  We’ll need some new sponges and detergent, and you’ll need another scrubbing brush.”
Arlen stood still, dismayed, fervently trying to think up some excuse.  Why did Aunt Maud always choose such moments?  This was too important to wait.  And why her room again?  Aunt Maud had given it a thorough scrubbing only a fortnight before.
“Oh, but Auntie – ” Alice, thinking it might be better if she were the one to protest, tried in vain.
“Now, Alice, I think you can be spared for a little while.  Go on with your walk, dear, and get some colour into those cheeks.  They’re far too pale.  Arlen, I’ll give you a list.”
Arlen was rolling her eyes behind her aunt’s back as she counted out the money.  Alice shrugged her shoulders.  What should she do?
“I’ll be as quick as I can,” Arlen mouthed.  “Wait for me.”
“OK,” Alice nodded, and watched, a little forlornly, as Arlen left, almost at running speed, jingling the change in her pocket.
Aunt Maud had vanished upstairs again, and it seemed that the only thing left for her to do was to explore the grounds until Arlen came back.  She left through the kitchen door and stood blinking in the dull grey light, still brighter than the unelectrified interior of the castle, and tried to decide which way to go.  
It was then that she saw it.
A strange glinting, flashing on and off like a beacon, just touching the corner of her eye from somewhere in the castle grounds beyond her immediate vision.  It was deep and red and bright, and it seemed to be winking at her.
Frustrated and curious, she turned in the direction she thought it must be.  She could see it clearly now, a sharp red flashing, dancing in midair, moving somewhere in the distance towards the back of the castle, near the sea.  Arlen had not taken her through there, and she vaguely wondered why.  Feeling dully determined, almost as if she couldn’t help it, she started in search of the source.
It wasn’t very pretty.  No wonder no tourists ever came here.  A far cry from the manicured lawns and tidy borders of most English castles that flocked with millions of visitors each year, the grounds which now lay before her were wild and unkempt and looked as though they had not known a gardener for many years.  The greenery consisted mainly of gorse and a few straggling trees.  The lawn was patchy and ill-looking in the thin, sandy soil.  There were no flower beds, although a few ragged blossoms drooped bright heads amongst the weeds.
Behind her, she could hear the sea, a constant pounding against the rocks and walls of the castle, like a dull sonorous heartbeat.  She stood and listened until the thumping seemed to move in rhythm with her own heart and become a part of her, and she rocked for a moment on her feet, unsteadily.  The wind caressed her cheek gently, playfully, seeming to coax her on with small, insistent gusts.  From some line beyond her vision she could still see the glinting, now flashing purposefully, as if sounding to the ocean’s steady beat, beckoning her onwards with its deep glow.
She could not tell what it was, could almost not remember how she had found herself outside, but she did know that she had to find that glint.  Somewhere, someone was calling her, and some long forgotten incident that she could not quite grasp, danced tantalisingly on the edges of her memory.  As if mesmerised, she turned and followed the call, and a lone seagull glided slowly into the heavy air above.

Arlen, meanwhile, had just selected the last item on her aunt’s list and was now waiting at the counter, rather impatiently, it must be admitted, as old Mrs Rosslyn counted out change with trembling fingers.  Notoriously slow, she had been mistress of the shop for as long as anyone could remember, and seemed to take even longer to serve her customers.  Arlen would have told her to forget the change, had she not known that Aunt Maud would be cross.  “Watch the pennies,” she had always said, “and the pounds will take care of themselves,” but as far as Arlen could see, that maxim had never helped her finances at all.  And it was so typical of Aunt Maud to want to clean when she and Alice had things to do.  As an afterthought, she chose a small torch from a stand at the counter and added it to the pile, watching as Mrs Rosslyn scooped up the money and started again.  Trying hard not to sigh, she waited quietly as a queue formed behind her, and dug her nails harshly into her palms, hoping fervently that the foreboding feeling which was rising in her stomach was just nerves.
She couldn’t explain what had happened last night.  She had tried and tried not to think about it, not to let the memory come flooding back through her, satisfied and triumphant.  “You did it!” Alice had cried accusingly, and perhaps the terrified feeling that rose within her and forced her to block out the thought, was because it was true.  Try as she might, she could not forget her fury and how she had hated him at that moment; how she had felt the wind surge though her as if her anger had taken on a life of its own, and how he had fallen, helpless, to the bottom of the cliff.  Right then, at that moment, she had wanted it to happen and it had.  She shuddered, icy suddenly, and tried to force the sick feeling back down.  Sick, particularly when she remembered the tall, dark, hooded figure she had seemed to see behind Robbie, slamming against him, as he fell.
It seemed like hours later when she finally stepped back outside, the small carrier bag swinging in her hand and the torch smuggled safely in her pocket, and began to head back towards the castle with a quick stride.  It was only when she reached Alchemist’s Block that she saw the birds.
Above her, gliding in and out of the thick blanket of sky, several gulls sailed, mewing softly to one another in the dense grey air, as if calling each other.  They seemed to be congregating over by the castle, above the tower, over the dark strip of beach in the rocks which housed the dancing ground and the strange, rotting wreck.
A fierce shudder ran through her like an electric jolt and, in a sudden clear flash, as if she had been right there in front of her, she could see Alice, and she began to run.

Alice was at the wreck before she even realised it.  It was almost as if she were in a dream, and the alert, awake part of her was standing to the side, looking on, but, as is usual in dreams, unable to interfere.  Stop! she wanted to shout.  Don’t go any further!
But she couldn’t help it.  As much as that insistent, instinctive voice tried to hold her back, she could feel the power of the presence before her, luring her, and guiding her on.  Somewhere, in the strange sea mist that embraced her with damp phantom arms, she could see the bright, deep glint of a red jewel, beckoning her forward, through the cracked paving stones patterned with weeds and lichen, past the heavy, crumbling walls of the castle, the foundations of the tower room, and towards a small, broken-down gateway which appeared to lead to part of the beach.  She could see herself from afar, stopping at the entrance, hesitant, and the pungent smell that crept around her and filled her senses chilled her with a fierce shudder of disgust and made her want to retch.  A sickly, sweet, rotting smell, pervading what should have been fresh sea air.  She tried to hold her breath, tried not to let it in, but she felt the odour surrounding her like a physical presence, its cold, clammy touch feeling for her skin, and she swayed with revulsion.  The fog gathered and ribboned around her like a shroud, and she found that she could see things in the mist, swirling shapes which writhed around her, reached for her, and caressed her with chilled, invisible fingers.  And the wind sang softly to her, flirting around her ears, whispering secrets, until she felt that she could almost hear voices, calling, crying a lost song in the blindness, in the sadness.  An aching loneliness overwhelmed her and she stumbled, grasping the gate for support.  It came away in her hand, and she felt the ancient step on which she stood begin to crumble beneath her.  She tried to scream, but no sound would come to her lips, and her thoughts seemed to dissolve amongst the voices in the wind, throbbing with anguish, their wail rising to a wild crescendo, bleeding in her ears until she felt that she could faint with the pain.  It seemed to be coursing right through her, and the ghostly shapes before her eyes began to gather and take form.  She could see the gaping mouths and vacant eyes, clouded, like the breath of the mist.  Their hands were out and grasping, and they came towards her, pleading and helpless, and she could do nothing.  She did not know what to do.  Somewhere inside her, she could hear a small voice fighting to be heard, calling for help, but how could she help?  She didn’t know what she was even doing here, in this strange, frightened village, so far away from everything and everyone she had ever known.  What could she do?  Arlen had left her alone.  Panic rose within her now, like a wave.  She had to get away, somewhere, anywhere.  Anywhere was better than falling into that rolling, ghostly sea of pain and loss and fear, and when the rich blood colour of the ruby flashed before her from somewhere beyond the darkness, she automatically stepped forward to follow.

Arlen didn’t know that she could run that fast.  Around her the wind rose and screeched, and the sea mist rolled in from the salt-crusted waves and wrapped itself around her with cold fingers. 
She would not heed them.
Her pace quickening with every thud of her foot on the narrow path, her heart pounding so that it beat against her ribs like a drill, she ran.  She had started it, she had let it in, she had let it use her, and she had tried so hard to prevent it.  She had to get to Alice.
It was the automatic memory which found its way to her feet that got her back to the castle; she could not have reached it otherwise.  The mist had intensified to fog, sweeping inland like ghostly waves which clung, damp and clammy, to her skin and hair.  Arlen, hot with running, could still feel the icy touch grasping at her, chilling the beads of sweat that rolled from her skin.  Her legs, familiar with the narrow path and winding turns since a child, had taken her home without harm, and she paused for a moment by the side of the castle, gasping furiously, the salty air sharp and painful to her heaving lungs.
It was very strange.  Shrouded by fog, the tower loomed dark and craggy above her, a heavy stone, seemingly suspended in midair.  She could barely see her own hand before her eyes, and yet, as she turned her glance to where the sea should have been, she could see the other girl very clearly, in a flickering sort of light, as if she had been pinpointed on a movie screen and the background had faded out.  Arlen would have perhaps made the comparison, if she had ever been to the cinema.  Needless to say, Southmore did not boast of one.
It was like watching herself.  Alice was standing, hesitantly, by the small, broken gate that led to the beach.  She was swaying slightly, as if she were listening to something that held her attention completely.  Her back was towards Arlen, but somehow she could still see her sister’s face, her mind seeming to throw the image back at her in reverse, so that she could see the action from the front as well.  Alice’s eyes were large and staring, a dark grey, like the sea fog itself.  Arlen could not see what she was looking at, but she could see her mesmerised expression.  And then, suddenly, in a brief glimpse, she caught the flash of ruby, glinting in her eyes.
It all happened so fast, she wasn’t aware of her own actions.  Alice moved as if to step forward, the fragile wood of the gate trembled and broke, the stone beneath her feet began to crumble away, and the girl’s foot reached out over the circle, onto that sand, that beach, where they had been.
“No!” Arlen shouted fiercely, and began to run towards her twin.  Alice seemed to pause, the thick fog casting the illusion that she was floating within its heavy arms.  Arlen increased her pace, but the fleshy grasp of a loose root from a tree nearby caught her ankle and sent her sprawling.  Rough stones tore at her jeans and she spat thin, gravelly soil from her mouth.  Rising quickly and painfully, she could not see Alice anywhere.  The mist had closed behind her like a set of sliding doors and seemed to have solidified into a thick wall.
Her knee was smarting but she forced herself to run, stumbling on loose stones and scattered twigs.  Thin, sharp branches scratched at her face and she clawed back at them blindly, forcing her way through desperately.  She could not see where the opening was, she just knew that the dancing ground and the grey, dead sea lay beyond, waiting for her to enter, and it was only the faint fear at the back of her mind that perhaps that was idea, which caused her to stop short, abruptly.  She smelt salt and seaweed, and a sickly sort of rotting combined with a faint trace of charred wood – left over from the other night, she guessed.  Silence reigned.  No gull cried or wave lapped, and she could hear only her own harsh, frightened breathing forcing its path through the cold, dull blanket.
“Alice?” she called, her voice husky with fear.  No sound answered her.  All seemed dead, smothered by the fog.  It was as if she were in another world, on the edge of nothingness.  “Alice?”she called again, and her voice took on a sharper edge.
She paused silently, waiting for a response, and this time an answer came.  A furious beating of wings arose from somewhere before her, screeching at her, driving at her face.  She moved backwards, holding her hands up to shield her eyes, and the creature moved behind her.  She could feel coarse feathers scratching her skin and sharp talons tugging at her hair and scalp, and she cried out “Alice!” and thought she heard a muffled cry.  It increased her desperation, and she beat back at the bird until her hands felt wet with blood.  It was circling her now, clawing at any free part of her it could find, and her hands tore and fought back, despite the fear, despite the pain.  She hadn’t realised it, but in the fierce battle her hand had hooked on the thin velvet ribbon around her neck and caught there, taut and restrictive.  She felt the sharp pull on the back of her head and, struggle as she might, she could not remove her hand.  She couldn’t see what she was doing in the thick blanket of fog.
The bird saw its opportunity and dived at her right hand, which she was vainly trying to disentangle, and she waved madly with her left arm.  She felt it claw at her cheek and she screamed and pulled her arms towards it, almost strangling herself.  But the movement had drawn out the small golden charm that hung on the ribbon, and suddenly, in the midst of the dense, dull fog, a light shone, bright and clear.  The gull screeched sharply, and disappeared in a flurry of harsh, flapping wings.  Arlen, breathing heavily in jagged gasps, felt her knees grow weak and almost slid to the ground.  Quickly, she freed her hand from the ribbon, an easy task now that the onslaught was over, and studied the small, knotted image before her.  It seemed slightly larger to her than when she had last looked at it, and it danced and twinkled in the golden light which shone from it like a small ray of sunshine.  There was something in its smooth coils which reminded Arlen suddenly of the twining tail of the crumbling Penmorven dragon.  She stared, fascinated, and a small cry sounded from somewhere to her right.
“Alice?” she called, pulling herself up and staring wildly into the thick, grey wall before her.  “Where are you?”

Alice could hear Arlen plainly, but it was almost as if the sound came from another world, a world beyond her vision and reach.  She could not explain what had happened, but she had felt the ground crumble beneath her and her grip on the mossy wood fail, and all she could see before her was the bright flash of ruby, growing larger and more brilliant before her eyes, until she felt that she was watching a burning fire, tongues of blood red flame licking the woolly swirls of mist around her until it swelled to bonfire size, and it seemed that she was in the middle of it.  She could hear the chanting echoing rhythmically around her, and was aware of the hard slap of feet on wet, packed sand and the swish of robes somewhere outside the circle, but she could feel no ground herself, almost as if she were walking on air.  She tried to scream, but her throat was dry and silent, and she could only watch in horror as the curls of fire ribboned towards her.
“Alice – Alice, where are you?”
The voice rang, suddenly, clearly, through the blanket of fog, and she turned, confused and hopeful, her heart pounding fiercely.  She knew that voice.  It rang deep in her memory, and she turned, but she could not see.

Arlen gazed wildly into the grey air, her heart throbbing so loudly it was ringing in her ears.  It was no use, she thought desperately, she couldn’t see a thing.  But she must do something.
Terrified as she was, she took a deep breath, and prepared herself to step into the circle.  As she moved, her sleeve caught on something by the side of the rocks, and when she reached out her fingers touched ancient, rotting wood.  And suddenly she smiled, thinking how odd it was that she had got her own way after all.

Alice was lost.  As if breathed from the cold sea fog itself, a single gull dived at her, herding her away from Arlen, further towards the sea and those clammy hands and desperate voices.  She gasped and twisted and turned away from the furious beat of wings, feathers scratching her face and the maniacal flap sounding like thunder in her ears.  There was no hope now.  She had completely lost all track of direction.  The fog rolled in, drowning out all sound but the ceaseless throbbing of the waves and the eerie moan of lost voices driven by the wind.  Its damp fingers ran over her skin, and she felt that she would go mad with the terror of ghostly pleading hands and lonely cries.  She couldn’t help it, she had to escape, and she began to run, but the grey curls of sea breath wound around her legs like wool and slowed her pace, and she seemed to be running in circles, terrified that at any second she would run straight into the sea.  Perhaps that was what it wanted.  Another life to add to so many beneath the cold, treacherous waters.
She stopped, and pressed her hands tightly against her ears in a futile attempt to keep them out, the moaning in her ears ringing in her brain and driving her onwards.  Her head ached and it was hard to breathe.  But it was the voices that were the worst.  If only they’d stop.  If only they’d stop.
“Alice?  Alice!”
The words were very faint, and yet she could hear them.  But it couldn’t be, she couldn’t hear anything but the cries, the whispers in the wind, and she crushed her ears even more tightly with her hands.  
“Alice?  Alice!”
The call was stronger this time, and it was with a sudden sharp shock that she realised it was coming from within herself.
“Alice,” she murmured softly.  “I am Alice.”
It was then that she saw the light – narrow and pale, but true.  Slowly, she drew her hands from her ears and turned towards the brightness, straight into the burning red eye of the ruby.  She screamed, unable to help herself, and her cry was swallowed in the dampness.  The dark shape loomed before her, the fog shrouding it like a cloak, and the ruby gleamed brilliantly and seductively before her eyes.
“Alice?  Alice!”  Arlen’s voice grew louder now, and more frantic.
Alice was confused.  She could hear the voice clearly, so like her own, and yet – before her shone the stone, winking encouragingly, and the ghostly shape wreathed itself around her like another skin.  She could feel the cruel talons reach out and stroke her cheek, and she felt a deep thrill which seemed to freeze her blood and her mind.  All that she could see before her was her own face reflected in deep, shining crimson.
“Alice!”
The cry broke through the thick veil of air like a knife, and Alice could feel herself falling.  It was as if she had been suspended in midair, held closely by the tight bands of fog, and now it had let her go and she was dropping.  Into the sea, onto that sand, it didn’t matter, she was terrified.
“Arlen!” she screamed loudly, her brain snapping to attention.  She could see her sister suddenly, floating somewhere above her, circled in a golden shower of light, and she wondered how it was that she was falling and Arlen was not.  But she continued to look upwards, mesmerised by the shine, hoping desperately that somehow she would be carried in its waves and not fall into the greedy, sucking waters below.  How was Arlen doing it? she thought, mildly aware of how ridiculous such a question was at a time like this.  Above her the light seemed to disperse and rearrange itself into a glowing, golden shape, which swirled around her and held her, gone suddenly as oddly as it had come, but in an instant the way was illuminated and the dream suddenly became real.
She was falling.  The wind rushed past her ears in a shriek and her terror returned as she heard the crashing of the waves on the rocks below.  She screamed.
“Alice, hold on!”
She could see Arlen mouthing something but she couldn’t hear what, she just instinctively reached out and her hand caught on something old and wooden, nearly rotted and very weak, but it held her, still and safe, for a few minutes.  She dangled, the sense of the unreal returning, as if she were standing outside watching a movie, and she nearly lost her hold when her swinging brought her alongside her own face in a dark and decaying wood.  The paint was long gone, but the eyes – the eyes, grey and still as a misty sea, stared upon her, and she felt reality returning to her in a fearful gasp of horror.  She looked away and realised where she was.
She was hanging on the prow of the shipwreck, only inches above the circle of sand which seemed to sit back mockingly, waiting for her, enjoying her predicament.
“Alice!”
She could almost feel the thuds of Arlen’s feet on the creaking boards in her heartbeat, and she was suddenly filled with a deep, inexplicable pain.
“Alice, come on!”  Arlen’s face appeared above her, a small white star in the darkness, the golden charm dangling and glowing softly about her neck, and Alice couldn’t help but notice how strange was the positioning of that fresh, young face above the peeling, rotting wood of the figurehead, its features still so eerily similar.  “Can you climb up?”
“I – I think – I’ll try,” Alice called faintly, half surprised to hear that she still had a voice.  She didn’t know how Arlen had got up there, but she had serious doubts that she would be able to perform the same feat.  Below, she could feel the circle quietly waiting, and her skin crawled in revulsion.  She had always hated gym at school, but she had to escape that sand.
She gulped, and raised her other hand, sucking in a deep breath from the dank, sour air.  As she moved, the wind soared behind her, rising fiercely as if to ride through her, swirling up her hair and pushing her forwards, then tugging her back in a fierce, persistent gust.  She lost hold with her left hand and dangled, blown back and forth in the wind like a ragdoll.  It was then that the voices started again.  She could see the fog rising from the sand and the ghostly figures sweeping around her, and their whispered pleas cried in agony in her ears.  The flash of red below her grew wider and deeper, until she seemed to be hanging above a whirlpool of fire.  She gasped, and in an almost frenzy of panic, threw herself forward and exhibited a feeble attempt to climb up.
“Come on,” Arlen called frantically from above.  “Here, I’ll help you.”
With growing fear, Alice watched as Arlen straddled the side of the vessel and leaned forward, as far as her small frame would allow, her hands outstretched and straining.  She would fall, Alice felt sure, and pulled herself up in a quick, desperate motion.  Around her the wails crescendoed and her teeth rattled in the wind, but she felt that if she could only reach that hand, she would be alright.  The ship welcomed her like an old friend, but still she struggled.  Her arms hurt.  She was losing strength.
“Come on, Alice.  Just a little further and I’ve got you.”  Arlen was now leaning dangerously over the side of the vessel.  One more inch and she would topple into the watching, waiting sand, Alice just knew it.  She had to reach her sister before that happened.
With a determined heave she grasped the beam tightly with both hands, refusing to look down.  Arlen’s straining fingers were just above her.  Although it terrified her, she released one hand from the friendly outpost of the ship, and raised it towards her twin.  Their fingers touched lightly, then Arlen found a warmer grasp and clutched on to her sister, pulling with all her might.  It was a spring of release for Alice, who immediately felt that she was safe and loosened her grip on the outer beam.
“Hey, steady,” Arlen called, reaching with both hands to clasp Alice’s.  But Alice had lost her hold.  Swinging precariously and kicking her legs about, she could feel herself slipping and clung desperately onto Arlen’s hands.  But even with two hands, Arlen’s matchstick wrists didn’t have the strength to hold her.  Alice felt herself slipping, and damp wood pricked her fingers like needles as she screamed.  The sand was rising beneath her, hungry, anticipant.  She felt her consciousness dwindling.
But something lifted her.  A light accosted her eyes, and again she could discern a flowing golden shape around her, holding her, and she had the vague impression that it seemed to be emanating from Arlen’s charm.  Her strength and determination renewed, she swung her legs, managing to power herself upwards with Arlen’s help, and it was almost in a daze that she heard Arlen saying gently, “It’s alright, I’ve got you,” as she was hauled overboard to land with a gentle thud on the damp, creaking floorboards.
She closed her eyes.  It seemed like hours before she could bear to open them, although it was actually only a few minutes.  When she did, she saw Arlen kneeling next to her, her face paler than usual, her eyes large and concerned.
“Are you alright?” she asked quickly.
“Yes, I – I think so,” Alice raised herself up on her elbows.
Arlen sighed in relief and dropped, exhausted, on her back beside her sister.  “You gave me such a fright.”  She stopped, and lowered her eyes.  “I thought I was going to lose you.  What happened out there?”  She was frighteningly aware of the way the fierce, unnamed power had tried to separate them.  Just like last night.  She shuddered, the memory of the furious surge of energy still strong in her mind.
“I’m not sure.”  Alice lay back and tried to fully comprehend the incident.  But its understanding was beyond her.  Anyway, here, safe in the ship, the occurrence suddenly seemed unimportant and out of reach.  “I don’t know,” she shrugged, then rose unsteadily, requiring Arlen’s assistance.  “But it doesn’t matter anyway.  So, are we going to explore this baby or what?”
Chapter Seven
There really didn’t seem to be much left to explore, as the pair discovered after several minutes of looking.  Not much of the ship was left standing, and the hull was completely waterlogged.
“Well, there doesn’t seem much else,” Arlen said, with a half laugh, almost relieved.
“Except – that door,” Alice corrected her, and her voice was strained.
Arlen turned to where Alice was facing.  “What the – ?” she stopped suddenly, a cold chill riding her spine, and took an involuntary step back as she grasped Alice’s arm.
It was a small door, fashioned of thick wood and positioned almost as if hidden beneath a heavy cornice carved with various types of sea beasts.  It would have been interesting if their attention had not been captured by the door itself.  A safe door, one would have thought.  Heavy wood, good, thick, solid oak, fastened by massive iron hinges as thick as a man’s wrist, and adorned by a large, tarnished door knocker in the shape of a dragon.  But no door handle.  It seemed thick and impenetrable.
Yet something had broken through its guard.  Something – not human –it seemed.  The heavy wood was lacerated with wild, frenzied scratches and claw marks.  Something had obviously been determined to enter the room by brute force and, despite the door’s weight, would seem to have succeeded.  The fact that the whole lower portion of the door was splintered and cracked and yawning a great dark hole, was testimony to that.
The wind died down and their swirling hair settled again around their faces, yet both girls continued to shiver violently as the door, without help or invitation, suddenly swung open before them.  It was as if they were being summoned.  As if on cue, they walked slowly towards the waiting opening and inside, in perfect unison.  Behind them, the door slammed shut and the hole grew dark.
“Wha – what happened?  Where are we?”  Alice twisted round in confusion, gazing at the sight before her with wide, frightened eyes.  “Where are we?” she repeated, stopping her spinning then to stand, curious and bewildered, in the middle of the room.  The fear was gone – somehow she couldn’t be frightened in here.
“I’m not sure,” Arlen replied honestly, allowing her eyes to become accustomed to the darkness.  “But I think it’s some kind of – captain’s office?”
They were in a small, oddly shaped room.  The walls and ceiling were uneven, and the room wound in tiny nooks and crannies and alcoves which would have given a modern day architect a heart attack, but actually gave the room warmth and character and a life of its own.  Strange panels jutted from walls where there really shouldn’t be any wall at all, and the ceiling sloped from a height made to accommodate a giant at one end, to a tiny corner designed to allow dwarf standing room only at the other.  But the first thing the girls noticed, to their puzzlement, was that the room was completely devoid of anything which even resembled a window.  The only possible entrance or exit was through the door by which they had come – or been called – the jagged, gaping wrench in it having been plugged up from the inside with some thick, white stuff.
A large round table in the corner was covered with some strange metal instruments, so ancient looking that Arlen could only remember having seen something similar in a picture in a book when she was younger.
“I wonder what these are?” Alice mused, carefully brushing the dust off one of them.
“Magical instruments,” Arlen answered, dropping into a large wooden chair by the table and gazing round her.  She suddenly remembered the torch, which she had slipped into her pocket, and snapped it on, bathing the dimness in a sickly yellow glow.
The girls stared around them, fascinated.  Strangely enough, the room was still good, despite the fearsome hole in the door.  The murky green rug on the floor was mouldy with age rather than waterlogging; the few, bulky antique pieces of furniture – the chair in which Arlen was sitting, the curled table with its silent tools and yellowing papers, the sagging shelves around the walls, complete with thick, heavily bound volumes – hadn’t even suffered during the lurching and rolling taken to bring the ship to ground.
Several large paintings of the sea and sea vessels hung around the room, and also a few dark, curious ones which seemed to be patterns of bright white dots.
“I guess modern art isn’t so modern,” Alice remarked, with a small laugh.
“They’re the stars,” Arlen said softly.
Another part of the wall showed the distinct outline of a large painting that was no longer there.  “Curious,” said Alice, now thinking that she’d almost rather be in the other Alice’s Wonderland.
Still circling the small room, her attention was caught suddenly by another picture on the wall, a dark painting containing a shining, sinuous figure, which was so bright against the background that it seemed to weave and writhe before her eyes like a ribbon of light.  Alice stared, fascinated.  She had seen that strange, swirling figure in a kind of golden vapour, only minutes before in the thick fog.  A golden serpent, dancing in midair.
“How is it that it’s managed to stay watertight after so long at the bottom of the sea?” she whispered nervously, as if to the painted beast before her.
“Hey, Alice, look at this!”  Arlen had been prowling around the room softly, letting her fingers rest carefully on items, searching for the answer to some unknown question.  She had now stopped once again at the table of instruments, and was poring over a faded piece of parchment which lay beside them.
“What is it?” Alice dragged herself away from the picture, suddenly realising how tired she was.
“Look at this,” Arlen was pointing to the document, her eyes wide and excited.
“What?  I don’t see anything.  Just your usual old-fashioned writing,” Alice shrugged, after a few minutes’ study.  Her limbs were aching now, and she wanted to crawl back to her mattress, as far away from the beach as possible.
“But look,” Arlen’s voice had taken on a strained sound.  “The ink is still wet.”
Alice could feel the hairs on the back of her neck pricking in a long, static line.  “Maybe – maybe it’s just wet with seawater.”  She offered the suggestion with dismal hope – it sounded ludicrous even to her own ears.
“But that hasn’t affected this room.  This room is watertight!”  Arlen was gripping the sides of the table so tightly that her knuckles showed gaunt and white against the pale flesh.  “It can’t be that.  Nothing else in this room is wet.  Someone’s been using it – ” she stopped abruptly, with the horrified realisation of what she was about to say.  “Using it recently,” she finished lamely, her hold on the table weakening until her arms fell loosely by her sides, and she stared silently at the page before her.
“What does it say?” Alice asked, shivering.
“I can’t really read it,” Arlen admitted.  “Something about – gold – a mark – safety.  I don’t know.”
Steeling herself, Alice reached out and touched the letters softly with her fingertip.  The words smudged as her finger blackened, and the parchment slid softly away to reveal a large bound book, sitting unobtrusively beneath it.  Its covering was a pink skin colour, which made both girls’ stomachs behave rather unpleasantly, and looked soft to the touch.  Alice wasn’t so sure that it was vellum this time.  Sewn around the front and back covers at the edge of the pages was a tarnished lock, fashioned in a kind of dragon head guarding the contents, which looked as though it may once have been gold.
“Maybe – this is the answer,” Alice said softly.
It sat before them, intriguing and commanding, waiting patiently behind its strange covering.  Neither girl really liked to touch it, the soft skin giving a creepy, tingling sensation when handled, and they both sat there for some time, just staring.  Then Arlen leaned forward and, with a quick, sharp motion, fingered the old lock.  She had not really expected to release it – centuries under the sea certainly couldn’t have done it any good – but to her surprise it answered to her touch and snapped open with a sharp click.  It was only later on that neither could remember being the one to actually open the book – loosened from its golden grasp after so long, it had seemed to spring open of its own accord and lay, vibrant and quivering, before them.
The pages, strangely, were fresh and unstained, as if somehow the lock had prevented its destruction even by age.  Arlen turned the pages gingerly; the paper was thick and coarse, and she could feel the raised, powdery mark of ink and paint beneath her fingers.  Both recognised the hand as that of the writing on the parchment.
They could not understand much of it.  It was too old, almost like another language, and the letters, large and looking like the calligraphy stencils Alice had used at school, were not formed the way we use them now.  They could pick out words here and there, but mostly had to rely on the pictures to make any sense at all.
And what pictures.
“That looks familiar,” Alice said thoughtfully, as the page landed on a handsome castle scene.
“It should,” Arlen replied shortly, her voice slightly strained.  “It’s the castle.”
“What?”  Alice looked more closely, and something cold and wild, between fear and excitement, seemed to grip her insides.  It was indeed the castle, but the castle as it once must have been, grand and complete.    “Look – there’s our tower room,” she said, pointing.  “And the rooms at the end of the hall that aren’t there anymore.”
“That’s the alchemist’s tower,” Arlen pointed slowly to the section of the building that had long since burnt down.  “There are just the ruins there now.”
She reached out and turned the page quickly, as if she couldn’t bear to look at it anymore.  But there was more to come.  Before them was the picture of the alchemist himself, the one  Arlen had described seeing in a full painting, buried beneath the memory of his fallen tower.  He stood before them now, captured in oils, a half portrait, his strong face lined and keen and – “He looks very sad, doesn’t he,” said Alice softly.  In his right hand rested a blood red jewel, its crimson paint fresh and full and winking, as if just finished.  Arlen felt a cold fist in her stomach.  It was the ruby.
“Look behind them,” Alice said then.
In very dark colours, behind the alchemist, was the outline of a ship, wooden and sturdy, its prow graced with the flowing form of a female figurehead whose deep grey eyes matched the girls’ own.
“It’s the ship,” Arlen breathed tensely.  “I knew I’d seen it before.”
It was very strange, but the bright colours before her seemed to shine out like a ray, and she could almost see the figures moving within the image, seeming to merge and swim until she felt them whirling before her like a sucking tunnel, and if she wasn’t careful, she knew she would be drawn into them and swallowed.  She wobbled, and Alice turned the page quickly, only to gasp and raise her hand to her mouth in agitation.
“What was it?” Arlen demanded sharply.  “Let me see.”
And Alice, shaking, turned aside to hear Arlen’s short cry.
There was Arlen, shrouded in darkness, furtively peering out of the narrow tower window into the night to catch a glimpse of the dancing figures.  There was Alice, chin resting on hand, nervous and tense, her face tight and pale in the window of the railway carriage.  Arlen running, Alice dangling from the side of the ship, and the most curious one of all, the two girls standing, poring over an ancient book on a table in a strange, small room.  It was as if they were looking into a mirror.
“I don’t understand,” Arlen cried nervously, her fear turning to frustration, and she flipped the old pages over mercilessly.
The pictures changed after that.  A scene of a young blonde woman at the doorway of the castle, handing over a baby.
“That’s our mother,” Arlen said stonily.
A dark haired woman, in earnest conversation with a young man.  “It’s the cart driver!” Alice exclaimed excitedly.  “That’s him!  I told you I wasn’t making it up.  I’d know those eyes anywhere!”
“So would I,” Arlen answered enigmatically, and her face grew grimmer than ever.
And then a golden flash, and a strange, beautiful dragon was gliding gracefully around a cliff, and Alice could not help but feel a glow of pleasure.
But the next page was even stranger, and both girls were silent.
They were there again, themselves, but some years older, and in the dress of another era, with long rich gowns and shining jewellery, the sort that Alice had only seen in period films and pictures in books, high waisted and low necked with long, close fitting sleeves tapering to the white hands, dark hair falling in a glossy stream down their backs, their eyes grey and clear and with a hint of violet in the depths.  And resting against their pale throats were two identical charms, golden and swirling, like the lithe tail of a winged serpent.
It was them and it wasn’t them, and Arlen felt a thin ribbon of ice knotting her throat as she recognised the face of the girl beneath the hood.
“Who are they?” Alice asked wonderingly.  “What does it mean?”
“I don’t know,” Arlen muttered, as if to herself.  “They must be – ancestors.”  She reached automatically for the golden charm beneath her jumper and caressed it gently.  “Two of them,” she murmured softly.
“They’re clues,” Alice said firmly, feeling more like a character in a book than herself.  “We have to unravel them and solve the story.”  She forced her eyes away from the picture and turned the page quickly.
One of the sisters, out on the cliff with a man.  Tall and very fair, his eyes were of a cold, penetrating grey that seemed to regard the viewer with icy contempt.  Both girls shuddered in revulsion; Alice’s face was drained of all colour, her insides cramping suddenly into a tight ball, and everything around her seemed dark and colourless.  She had seen him, just a moment ago, standing before her in the fog.
“Are you OK?” Arlen asked softly.  Did Alice guess? she wondered anxiously.  Had she seen him too, as he stood above the cliff behind Robbie, feeding on her anger?
“I think I just need to go outside for a minute.”  The room was whirling, and she could not keep an image from her mind of Arlen falling, falling, limp and bloody into the choking waves, although she did not know from where it had sprung.  She only knew that she had to stop it.  Stop it before – 
She needed to breathe.
“Shall I come?” Arlen asked quickly.  Don’t leave me, Alice, she thought, unable to drag her eyes away from the picture.
“No – it’s OK – I just need some air.  I’ll be right back.”
Arlen closed her eyes fiercely and turned the page again.
Another picture, one of the sisters alone on the cliff, waiting, her dark hair drawn back by the breeze and her expression tense and longing.  “Was it you?” Arlen asked her softly.  “Why do I know you?  Why have you come to me?”
But the picture remained silent, and Arlen turned the page again to see the image of a ship being wrecked.  The drawing was small in frame and dreary in colouring, and yet – it was actually rather frightening, Arlen thought, as she leaned forward.  The storm-ravaged ocean seemed very real; she could almost feel the flecks of water from the flailing spray as the waves flung themselves furiously at the vessel, drenching and dragging it helplessly down beneath the cruel carpet of water.
She shivered.  It was the ship.  But what scared her most was what was pulling it down.  Great, glistening, oily black limbs rising from the choking waves to slither over the sides like the thick, strong tentacles of some enormous sea beast, reaching and sucking and pulling on its struggling victim above.  The door slammed suddenly, locking Alice outside, and Arlen’s voice seemed trapped in her throat, her eyes forced back onto the picture as if by an unseen hand, ice trickling down her back like the blade of a knife.
She saw it now, amidst the black curling tentacles, reaching towards the ship.  A long, thin, white arm, claws dazzling and sharp, the forefinger adorned with a sparkling wet, blood red ruby ring.  Arlen was rocking on her feet.  The blood rushed to her head and she could feel all her thoughts throbbing painfully against her scalp.  Before her, the picture seemed to be in motion, the waves surged and lurched and sprayed, tentacles slithered and sucked, the ship rolled and fought desperately, trying to elude the limb which rose and clawed constantly, viciously, towards its prey, and the wind rose, the voices moaning and crying in her ears.  
She twisted frantically.  The door was shut, and to her horror its splintered wood was repairing itself, quickly and quietly and impeccably rearranging itself back into shape like rewinding a film.  The movement jolted Alice outside and she whipped around.
“Arlen?  Arlen?”  She ran towards the door.
But Arlen made no sound.
“Arlen, Arlen, unlock it!” Alice screamed.
But Arlen did not hear her.  She stood, still and tense, as the shape rose from the ancient pages of the book, casting a black line of shadow across her face.  She watched silently as the clawed, bejewelled hand stretched from the picture, slimy and glistening and reaching for her.  Her blood turned to ice, and she clenched her hands tightly into fists, waiting, the sound of Alice pounding on the other side of the door reaching her ears like faint drums.
“What do you want?” she muttered softly.  “What do you want?”
And she could almost feel the sigh of dank breath brush against her as the answering voice whispered, “Morwenna.”
Outside Alice fought, she kicked and battered, but she could make no headway.  How odd, she thought suddenly, that she, too, should be seeking entry this way.  There seemed to be something blocking the door, obstructing her.  Furious, she flung herself towards the wood, and a sudden crack sent her spinning across the floorboards and through the rotting planks over the edge of the ship.  Only instinct saved her as she reached out and grasped the figurehead, so that she was dangling, high above the waiting sands.  Below her the beach seemed to be rising up to meet her, the cold, pale waves making hungry, sucking sounds as they lapped the yellow sand.
Not again, she begged weakly.
One hand began to slip, and she was swinging dangerously, her strength ebbing.  
Behind her she could hear the door split, its rotten, tearing wood whining on the wind.  Fear overcame her, and with that fear came a strength, and she pulled herself forwards with a force so fierce it hurt.  She dragged herself back to the door, sick to her stomach as she saw the wood being torn, clawed away.  And then the glint of a red stone caught her full in the eyes and she lunged forward desperately, her heart pounding.  As she fell, the hole cracked wider, jagged and gaping, and she could see the scene inside, the dark, flashing colours playing over Arlen’s face like a film as the white arm reached for her.  Alice’s stomach tightened.  And then it struck her.  The book.
“Arlen!” she cried frantically.  “The book!  Close it!  Close it!”
But Arlen did not seem to hear her, and Alice desperately flung her arm through the splintered door as if she could somehow reach it herself.  The book snapped shut with an angry clap.  The spell ended, the past locked back inside its fleshy covers, and the room was cold and still once more.  Arlen turned, her eyes wide and dark.  She said nothing.
“Come on,” Alice said then.  They had to get off this ship.  She tucked the book under one arm and pulled Arlen towards the prow with the other.
She didn’t know how she did it.  Terrified of climbing over the rotting boards again, panic-stricken at the idea of touching the cold yellow sand, and unnerved by Arlen’s white, staring face, she still somehow got them to the figurehead and over it onto the rocks.  The ancient face, peeled and rotting, seemed frozen like Arlen’s, the eyes similarly dark grey and blank.  Had she seen the same hand clawing at her? Alice wondered with a shudder, as she eased herself gently over the side.  As if in answer, a deathlike sea stench filled the air, cold breath brushing her face and whispering of sadness and fear and hopelessness, and she quickly dropped onto the rocks below, to join her sister.
As she pulled Arlen along with her towards the castle, a flash of blood sparkled behind them from beneath the waves, while the clouds huddled together above them in a menacing frown.
Chapter Eight
“Arlen, what was it?”
They were sitting on the floor of the tower room, facing each other over the seaman’s chest.  Upon it lay the ancient bound book, its soft skin covering seeming to glow and shiver, as if bursting to open before them.  The sounds of the wind and the sea moaned and cried through the paneless window behind them, and Alice fought to stop the fierce shivering that had overtaken her upon reaching the castle.  She now sat, numb and cold, and waiting for Arlen’s answer.  All of a sudden she thought of Robbie, and could not help but wish he were here.  He didn’t belong here either.  He must know how strange it all was.
Arlen seemed mesmerised by the book, her fingers moving repeatedly over the ancient pages, as if caressing them.  It made Alice shudder to see her, and she asked again quickly, “What happened in there?” and her voice was cold and hard.
Arlen had barely spoken since it happened, and Alice could not help feeling that a wall seemed to have risen between them.  She was suddenly very aware that she didn’t know Arlen at all.  So they were twins – so what?  She was sure there were plenty of cases where identical twins weren’t much like each other – look at all the movies and TV shows which had been based on that very thing.
“I – I don’t know,” Arlen replied softly after a few moments.  She did not look at Alice.  “I don’t want to talk about it.”  She seemed to be caught in some other time, and her face lifted and strained, as if searching for something.  An old man at a table, a black cloak, slender fingers coaxing instruments, a sharp turn and a frozen look of fear, long dark strands of hair billowing heavily in a glossy black sea – and it was gone.  The dream was shattered, the bland stone walls of the narrow room surrounded her once more.
“I don’t know.  But somehow it – it’s all funny.  It was almost as if – as if – well, the events in the book were being – ”
“Replayed,” Alice finished, feeling herself trembling as the word sounded clearly in the damp, seaweedy air.  That was what it had felt like to her, as if they had been caught in some ancient time bomb that would not release them until it had run its cycle.
She dropped forward suddenly, sick in the stomach, a green tinge overshadowing the pallor of her face.
“Are you alright?” Arlen asked, looking up from the book.
“I’m – I’m fine.”  She straightened after a few moments and glanced crossly at her sister.  “Thanks for asking,” and the tone was sarcastic.  Arlen turned her gaze back to the pages.
“I know,” she said, after a few minutes.  “The hand.  You saw it too.”
“What was it?” Alice shuddered, revulsion crawling along her spine.
“Something that belongs to the chanting and the dark shadows and the sea mist.  Some sort of power.  It seems to surround the village.  I have seen it before.  I – ” she stopped, as if confused, and her fingers once again ran along the smooth cover of the book.  “It’s in here.”
“Maybe we shouldn’t open it again,” Alice suggested nervously, although she knew, somehow, that this could not be.
“It was meant for us,” Arlen said softly, and felt her fingers weave inside the fragile pages, turning instinctively to the portrait of the alchemist.  “It’s a record and a guide.  Our story.  We have to try and follow it.”
Both examined the picture of their ancestor, and he seemed to gaze back at them, his grey eyes sorrowful.
“That stone,” Alice said, staring at the jewel in his palm.  “It’s your proof.  It’s the same one.”
“Yes,” Arlen agreed, turning the page.  The next picture was of the alchemist again, tall and gaunt and standing on the block of stone overlooking the sea, his hand raised over his head as if hailing something.
“What’s he doing?” Alice asked.  “He looks as though he’s throwing something.”
They both saw it at the same moment.  A scarlet flash arcing in the dark, swirling background of the picture.
“The ruby.”
“He’s throwing it away.  What for?”
“I don’t – know.  Something was wrong.”  She paused.  “I guess now we know why it’s called Alchemist’s Block.”  She lifted the next page carefully, enjoying the thick, rough feel of the paper between her fingers.  The gentle rustle split the page in two, and she realised that there was another sheet behind it.  Gingerly, she pried them apart.
“The ink,” Alice said quietly.
For once again the page was wet and glistening and, for this reason it seemed, had stuck to the back of the picture.  Both girls stared closely.  It was a poem.
Two from one sever’d in dim glow of fire
Hope lock’d in midnight skye and dewey creame
Two perfect spheres encas’d in glasse, they lye
Silent, with flicker dimm’d, in waiting dreame.
Green fingers gleame and choke them round, as brighte
Gems dart in rainbow streame. Ivory pale
And sealskin darke, two faces mirror light,
Possess the keye long tolde to free the wail
Crye of life lost soules ne’er more to sail.
The dreame now no more, lock’d fast in red bloode
A glitt’ring prison of beating hope
There was a large blotch on the page underneath this verse, as if the poet had been planning to add another and had thought better of it, or had been interrupted.
“There’s the key again,” Arlen mused.  “‘Two perfect spheres … two faces mirror light’.  Lots of doubles.”
“Twins,” Alice offered.  “Like us.”  She stopped suddenly, and turned the page to the brightly coloured portrait of the long ago sisters.  “And like them.”
They gazed at the picture in silence for a few moments.
“Do you think we’ll look like that?” Alice asked then.
Arlen shook her head slightly, a sudden fear raking her insides.  She remembered the girl on the beach, the drowned girl, her grey eyes haunted and pleading beneath the hood.  Such loss, such pain, such – hopelessness.  No, she said to herself inwardly.  No, I don’t want that.
Alice was waiting for her to speak, and she half laughed, the sound thin and wan in the bleak stone room.  “Well, not in those clothes if I can help it,” she answered, lightly.
Her gaze fell again on the portrait, the picture of before, and the twins seemed to be smiling at her.  What happened to you? she asked silently.  I don’t know how to help you.  
It was then that she saw them, and she bit her lip in a sudden suppressed excitement.  “‘Two perfect spheres’,” she repeated.  “You don’t suppose – look!” and she pointed to the picture.
The background was of a moonlit night, the twins’ dark hair seeming to flow and melt into the velvet blackness beyond the silver rays, surrounded by a golden pattern of stars.  A swirling, sinuous pattern which seemed vaguely familiar, and which pointed back to the foreground of the portrait, to where two gems, a black and a white pearl, rested snugly, one in each of the sisters’ palms.  Behind them the strange constellation seemed to swirl and dance, until they felt that they were no longer in the cold tower room, but out there in the night sky, dancing with the stars.  A gull cried sharply from somewhere outside and the vision faded and settled, and once more the girls were staring at a portrait in a very old book.
“Twin spheres,” Alice remarked softly, after a few moments.  “But where are they?”
“And what are they?” Arlen added, grimly.  “I wonder – ” she rose and walked over to the window.  “All these jewels.  What was he doing with them all?  There’s got to be something there.  I just – can’t – ”
“And the dragon again,” Alice said slowly, remembering the shimmering scales of gold around her.  “It’s the dragon.  But what does it mean?  Are there two of them?”
“I don’t know,” Arlen answered slowly.  “I’ve never heard of two.  But then, I don’t really know the proper story behind it.  Nobody will ever tell me anything.  I’ve always thought it was a symbol – you know, like a totem animal or something – a good luck sign.  Everything’s just been left to fall apart.”
“Since the alchemist left,” Alice finished.  “What happened to him?”
“I don’t know,” Arlen replied.  “He threw the stone away, from the rock – we know that,” and she traced her fingers once again over the shining picture, frustrated.  “I don’t know any more to their story.”
“It’s all very mysterious,” Alice said drily.  She didn’t know what to believe anymore.  Or who to trust, and she felt the hairs rise on the back of her neck as suspicion clouded her face.  “You don’t suppose he – ?”
“No, no,” Arlen shook her head firmly, as if reading her thoughts.  “He’d done something – I’m sure of that – but I think he was trying to put it right.  He threw the stone away, remember?  It’s – something else – that has it now.”  She returned to the ancient volume, and began to flick the pages as quickly as she dared.  The old paint was crumbling back to powder, and her fingers were stained in the vivid, ancient colours of vermillion and emerald and peacock blue.  “Something else,” she repeated softly, and her gaze rested on the bright page of the sister with the tall, fair man, on the cliff by the castle.
“He gives me the creeps,” Alice shuddered, moving over to Arlen’s side for a better look.
“Yes, he does,” Arlen agreed, slowly.
“I wonder who he was?”
“I think,” Arlen replied, apparently with some difficulty, “that we’re going to find out.”  She paused.  “It’s still a full moon tonight.”
“They’ll be back,” Alice said, in a low tone.  “And they know we’re here.  What do we do?”  She could not forget the circle, trapped in the mist, caught by the swirling bars of fire and words and the heat of the ruby.  She looked quickly at Arlen, who was still staring as if transfixed, at the picture.  Alice reached for the book and drew it away.  “What do we do?” she repeated firmly.  “They know about us.  They know where we are.”
“Then I think,” Arlen said again, her eyes still on the book, “that we should be somewhere else.”
“Like where?”
“Like where they’ll least expect us.  Like outside.”
“But – ” Alice stammered.
“They won’t be looking for us there,” Arlen insisted.  “We’ll have a chance to see – what happens – and escape, if we have to.”
“OK,” Alice answered, supposing that her sister should know best, although her tone and expression admitted nothing of the sort.  Her glance travelled idly back through the book, resting suddenly on the slender blonde woman handing over the baby at the castle door.  “She’s quite pretty, isn’t she,” she said then, after a few minutes.  She had never seen a picture of her mother.
“I suppose so,” Arlen said shortly, and snapped the book shut.
“Hey – I was looking at that!”
“We haven’t got time.  We have to work on this poem.”
“Now you want to,” Alice muttered, and Arlen pretended to ignore her, busying herself with finding the right page.  For some reason, the book kept infuriatingly landing on that picture.  She closed it suddenly and stood with her eyes shut, letting the words of the riddle flow through her head.  Coloured flashes of words – green fingers, rainbow streams, ivory pale, sealskin dark, images, pictures – but how to put them together?
“We have to find them,” she said.  “They’re waiting – we – hold the key – ”  The thread was there – she could see the end glimmering but she couldn’t catch it.
“We?” Alice repeated.  “What key?”
“The gems.  We have to find them – before – ”
“Before what?” Alice was growing frustrated now.  Arlen seemed to know where she was going, but wouldn’t let on.
“Before – ”
But the moment was shattered, as Aunt Maud entered the room behind them.
“Quick – the book,” Alice hissed, and Arlen did the best thing she could think of to cover it up.  She sat on it.
“What are you doing in here?”  Aunt Maud looked around suspiciously, her large nostrils flaring, “as if she were sniffing for something,” as Alice said later.  “I need some help with those vegetables.”
“Yes, Aunt Maud,” Arlen said.  “We’ll just – ”
“You’ll just no such thing,” said Aunt Maud.  “I’ve barely seen you two girls for the last few days.  Honestly, you think it just takes a lick and a wish to keep this place running.”  It’s running? Alice thought to herself, and Arlen nudged her, as if she’d heard.  “Now I need some help and I need it now.”
“Yes, Aunt Maud,” both girls answered meekly.  Arlen raised herself with a quick, frustrated glance at Alice, and Alice smoothly slid the book beneath her thick jumper, its pointed edges resting in the top of her jeans.  It wasn’t very comfortable, but it was better than Aunt Maud seeing it.
It was a long and silent meal that evening.  The darkness fell quickly, like a heavy drape, and threads of moonlight beamed searchingly through the thick clouds, shining on the girls’ faces like a spotlight.  Aunt Maud’s face looked particularly bony and corpselike by moonlight, and Alice found that she could help to pass the time by studying the skeletal angles of her nose and chin in the glow.
Arlen seemed uncomfortable, twisting nervously in her seat and casting anxious glances towards the window.
However even the longest meals don’t last forever, and eventually the kettles were boiled on the fire, the slippery grease was scrubbed off the pans and plates, and the table was clean and clear before Aunt Maud had even climbed back up from the cellar where she was storing the leftover fish.
The wind had started up again outside, whistling down the chimney like a schoolchild, catching the corners of the crumbling stone with a sharp claw.  The chanting had begun, the voices echoing in the wind, the moonlight bloodied by the burning glow of the fire.  Arlen was behaving strangely, holding her head as if it hurt her, rubbing her hands over her ears.  For the first time, she seemed to be able to hear what they were saying, and they entered her head, creeping like soft fingers, possessive words, tugging at her thoughts, slipping through her mind.  Soul, soul, soul.  She shook her head fiercely, her heart pounding.  She was beginning to understand them.  She couldn’t let them – she wouldn’t – she didn’t want to.  What had happened?  Where had it started?  Was this because it had seen her?  Or because she had unwittingly made some sort of contract with it, letting it draw upon her hatred and her anger?  Her thoughts were sitting thickly now, squatting inside her mind, and she could no longer find them through the pounding, pounding, wrapping her mind up with each beat.  Ice coursed through her body and beads of sweat broke into a fragile chain across her forehead.  The reaction wasn’t lost on Alice.
“Are you OK?” she asked quickly.  What now? she wondered, feeling a ridiculous urge to run back to the train station and jump on a train – any train – as long as it was away from here.
“I – need – to – get – out,” Arlen stammered, brokenly.  Give, give, give.  She could feel herself trembling as the words crossed her mind like black smoke.
“Come on,” Alice said quickly, her face pale, pulling her towards the door.  “We’ll get out.”  She reached for the door handle and drew back with a gasp as a tall, gaunt shadow blocked it from view.
It was Aunt Maud, standing strangely in the darkness of the doorway, still and silent, eyes glittering.
“Aunt Maud?” Alice asked uncertainly.
“Girls, where are you going?”  Her voice seemed deeper than usual, stonier.  She made no effort to approach them.
“We – we wanted – to – to look – at the – moon,” Arlen said slowly.  She seemed to be fighting for each word.
“You can see the moon clearly from your own room,” Aunt Maud said reasonably.  “I’m not having you running out and catching cold at this time of night.  Now upstairs, both of you.”
“But Aunt Maud – ”
“Upstairs, now.”
There was nothing for it but to march back up the winding stone steps and into the tower room.  Aunt Maud marched behind, drill-like, and ushered them inside.  “And don’t think of sneaking downstairs later on,” she warned, sourly.  “Or who knows what trouble you’ll get into.  Goodnight, girls.”  She cast a final expressionless glance on the pair, and left the room.
Alice glared at her in frustration.  Why did she always turn up and interfere just when they didn’t want her?  But it was only when she heard the faint, dry grate of metal in the door that she sprang forward furiously, her hand rattling the door knob.
“She’s locked us in!” she cried angrily.  “What’s the matter with her tonight?”
“I – don’t – know,” Arlen was still struggling to speak, her voice harsh and jagged.  Her heart was pounding with the force of a mallet firing against her chest.  She felt trapped and dizzy, and she could not think coherently beyond it, much less speak.  A circle danced before her, like a red dot, which shimmered and jumped, whilst all else around was blackness.  The chanting seemed to fade quietly into the background until it was just a whisper in her head, and all she could hear was the soft, hungry lapping of the waves against the shore.  The dot grew closer, and larger, and the fire flickered on her face in dark shadows.  She was caught in a ring, and she was not alone.
She could see the dancers, cloaks rustling, sandy footsteps slapping around and around her like moving bars.  “We have to get out.”  The voice came from somewhere outside herself.  She could barely hear it, and strained to listen.  The red glow became a throb, and she could feel it pounding, pounding along with her heartbeat and her aching head, and she could see it before her even with her eyes closed.  She mustn’t – let – it – in.  Was this what Alice had seen? she thought blindly.  How could she bear it?
Alice quietly propelled her onto one of the mattresses.  “We have to get out,” she insisted.  “We have to get out.”
She had been round the room several times, and there appeared to be no hope for them.  They had no key, and the door, although old, was of thick, solid oak, and would take considerably more than the force of their two small bodies to break it.  There was no route of escape via the window.  Nothing grew near the tower, and the connecting rooftops had long since crumbled away, or been destroyed, as Arlen seemed to think.  And even if they could have climbed out on to an adjoining parapet, it would have catapulted them into full view of the very thing they were trying to avoid.  She didn’t know what to do.  She was casing the room as if in a cage, round and round monotonously, with nothing at all coming into view to provide an answer.
Outside the chanting swelled, borne on the wind, whistling a little; an unpleasant chuckle, working its way there, inside her brain.  She shook her head fiercely.  Singing, singing, singing, louder and louder, as the glowing orange reflection of firelight bounced across and around the walls until the whole circular room was caught in the middle of it, swirling.  Alice’s head began to hurt, and she covered her ears.  But it was Arlen who worried her most.  She didn’t seem to be – there.
Arlen was doubled over, the pain in her head intensifying, the chant creeping around her brain like soft gloves.  The bony hand rose, the wide sleeve falling back to reveal a long white arm, reaching for the hood.  It was calling for her now.  It had come to her when she had called, and now it wanted payment.  She fought against it, the words searing her brain, renting wall after wall of her mind.  Shooting pains assaulted the backs of her eyes, struck by the firelight, and the wall that seemed to separate her from the moving figures shattered until the chanting became deafening and her head swam.  She leaned forward and retched.
“Arlen, Arlen, fight it,” Alice was holding her tightly, shaking her, terrified.  “Arlen, come back.”
“Must – not – let in,” she whispered, “must – get – out.”
The cave appeared in her mind like a prayer, its cool green shelter winking at her from somewhere.  If she could only reach the cave and rest in the damp coolness of its rainbow lights, she’d be able to think.  She’d be able to breathe again.
Alice stared at her, her heart pounding frantically.  The liquid green fronds of shadow seemed to pass through her inner vision like an oasis, and she realised suddenly that she was reading Arlen’s thoughts.  So this is what it’s like, she thought distractedly, suddenly remembering all the stories she had heard about twins and telepathy.  Maybe, then, she could work out what to do from this glimpse into Arlen’s knowledge.
It was then that it struck her.  It was so simple.
The cave.
Another picture appeared in her head, flowing like a television screen from Arlen’s mind.  “The alchemist,” she murmured softly.  “What about him?”  Her fists were smarting from the pounding on the walls, searching for some, any, means of escape.  “Arlen, what about him?”
“There was a – passageway – a secret – passageway – from the alchemist’s room.  I – read – about it once – ” Arlen faltered, her head buried in her hands, and suddenly Arlen could see her, the other twin.  She was standing almost right before her in a dark cloak, disappearing into the fireplace, a tightly wrapped parcel under her arm and an overwhelming ache, a deep and desperate sadness swamping her like a wave.  How alike we are, Alice thought, and started suddenly as the long-ago figure seemed to turn back slightly, as if searching for someone.  Could it be that she saw her too?  She half rose as the image vanished suddenly into the wall, like a conjurer’s trick.
“Where is she going?” Alice cried.  “The alchemist’s passage isn’t here anymore!  We’d have to go rummage about in the rubble!”  And she ran to the fireplace, running her fingers over the ancient stone, searching desperately for an escape.
“Maybe – there was another one,” Arlen stammered, still with difficulty.  The cries below the tower were so intense now that she could almost see them in the room with her – the hooded shapes, no longer wraithlike, but physical and powerful, bare feet slapping the cold sand, and from one wide, dark sleeve, a skeletal, elongated hand, and the fire of a ruby ring.  “We have to find it,” she whispered.  “We have to find it before he does.”
“But where’s the door?” Alice cried, shoving frantically at the rock.  The panic inside her had risen to such a point that she was near bursting into tears.  “I’ve looked everywhere – I’ve been over the whole room.  It won’t open!”
“The fireplace,” Arlen said simply.
“Where?” Alice almost shouted.  “I’ve tapped and prodded everything.  There’s nothing there!” and she pounded mercilessly against the ancient stone so that her hands were scraped and bloody.  Arlen rose slowly to stand beside her and something in Alice snapped.  How could she stand there so calmly and quietly, as if she knew something she wouldn’t share, and she turned her attention to her sister suddenly, and shook her and shook her until she felt that her own body would shatter into fragments itself and be sucked through the chimney like smoke.  As Arlen struggled, the ribbon around her neck ripped and the charm swung and fell, clinging as if magnetised to a tiny chink in the stone, and suddenly she knew.  “Turn it,” she instructed Alice.
“What?”
“Turn it.  It’s a key.”
Hardly believing it, Alice reached for the charm, the smooth gold curls sending a soft glow through her, and turned it gently.  She stepped out of the way just in time as the fireplace drew back, as if on some sort of pulley, revealing a small dark opening and a very narrow, dusty flight of steps.
Alice looked at Arlen and Arlen looked at Alice.
“Come on.”
The entrance was low and narrow, and both girls had to bend over to slip through.  Arlen could almost swear she saw a soft fold of cloak disappear down the stairway before them.
“Are you sure about this?” Alice asked nervously, as she hesitated above the first step.  She was holding the charm in front of her, a soft golden glow emanating from its warm coils, like a tiny lamp.  The stairs were thin and winding, and seemed polished smooth with use, so that some didn’t appear to be really there at all.  Alice couldn’t help but liken them to a sliding tunnel she had once seen at an amusement park on a school excursion.  At least there though, she’d known where she was going to end up.
“Just keep going,” Arlen said slowly.  The chant was still sounding in her ears, ringing with her heartbeat, and the shadows of the dancers crossed her eyes in black cords.  She could smell them now, too; a pungent, rising odour, a stagnation of nothing and lifelessness, filling her nose and her mind until she could feel the bile rise in her throat.  “Quickly,” she urged Alice.  “Keep going.”
“OK.”  Alice took a deep breath and led the way forward.
It was a slow procession.  The worn steps were difficult to tread without slipping, and they had to maintain a funereal walk for their own safety.  Down and down they went, each few steps almost completing a full circle, so that they felt as though they weren’t moving at all, down and down, in the chill silence of the darkness.  It was then that Alice stopped short.
“What’s wrong?” Arlen asked, rubbing her nose, which had landed at full tilt in Alice’s back.
“The entrance,” Alice said quickly.  “Did we shut it?”
“No – I don’t think so,” Arlen muttered.
“Aunt Maud!”  Alice could not forget the sharp, hungry look on the old woman’s face as she had locked them in, above the ritual.  “She’ll find it.  We have to shut it.”
“I – can’t – ” Arlen tried to back up.
“I’ll do it.”  Alice held her sister firmly and slid around her with some difficulty.  The path left so little room that a slightly larger person could not have done it.  “Keep going.”
Frantically, she slipped back up the stairs as fast as she dared, her fingers reaching desperately for holds in the soft, crumbling stone as her trainers failed to grip the steps.  It was slow progress, but she eventually reached a glimmer of daylight, appearing back at the entrance just as she heard the sound of heavy footsteps outside the door.
“Aunt Maud,” she muttered, her heart pounding as she sought desperately for a way to close the chasm.  There seemed to be nothing.  Her fingers explored stone and wood urgently for some sort of lever or hole, but nothing was there.  “Oh no, oh no.”  The footsteps had reached the door now.  They stopped, and there was a dreadful heavy pause which seemed to hang on the air like a hungry, drawn-in breath.  Her whole body was shaking now, her spine crawling with gooseflesh as she waited expectantly, fearfully.  The silence grew, and then she heard the tiniest clink of metal entering the lock.  Snapped to suddenly, she continued her search, hardly daring to breathe.  The original key hole was now buried beneath the hanging fireplace, so that obviously wasn’t the closing method.  There must be a way, she thought frantically, there must be.  It’s a secret passage – it couldn’t have stayed secret if it had been left open.  Oh, come on.  The key was in the door now.  She heard it turn and click and watched the handle turn slowly, as if the person behind the door was hoping that those within wouldn’t notice it.  The heavy oak began to move, and Alice was aware of a strange sort of panting behind it.  Her whole body seemed to chill in the icy wave of a split second and she started, as if an electric shock had coursed through her, and it was then that she noticed the serpent.  Just inside the entrance, just above the sliding doorway, was the tiny figure of a dragon, the golden winged creature that had come to her rescue once before.  She reached up, somehow feeling that if she could only touch it, it would afford her some protection, at least.  Her fingers slid across a warm, rubbery sort of material, tracing its pattern softly, as the door opened wide and Aunt Maud stood behind it, eyes glittering, key triumphant in her hand, her greedy expression changing quickly into surprise, anger and fear as she saw Alice’s small, scared face glowing white in the darkness of the cavity, and she rushed forward in a hungry leap that Alice wouldn’t have thought her capable of, her mouth open and snarling.  Alice drew back, her heart seeming to stop entirely for a moment, but the figure of the serpent shone strong and golden, leaving her flooded in light, and the fireplace drew back on its invisible castors at the very moment Aunt Maud flung herself at it with a desperate cry.
Alice was left shaking in a pool of gold, the figure of the dragon glowing around her like stars.  She didn’t know what had happened to Aunt Maud.  That expression – that wail – hadn’t even seemed human.  She curled herself up in a ball within the protective light of the worm, and trembled.  It seemed like hours, although it was only a few minutes, until her thoughts began to collect and merge, and she remembered Arlen, alone in the dark, alone with the chanting.  She took a deep breath, gathered herself together, and turned back towards the steps.
Arlen, meanwhile, had come to a standstill.  She had reached the bottom of the steps by forcing herself to concentrate on each one individually.  It helped her to focus away from the throb of chanting, which was growing louder and more intense with each step, until her head was ringing with the words and they were pounding with her heart.  Those eyes.  She could see the eyes in her head as if they were still before her, that cold, grey face, that emptiness behind the hood, and the sparkle of the ring as Robbie hurtled over the cliff.  That blood red ring.  She tingled.  She was in a passageway now, sandy and flat, and moving away from the castle.  The silent chill of the winding staircase had thickened into a warm stickiness, and there was a damp, mouldy, seaweedy smell in the air.  As she moved slowly into the tunnel, she could feel the ritual intensify.  The passage grew hot and gasping with the dancers, and the craggy walls around her, which were carved with swirling, magical symbols, sweated red with blood.  She removed her jumper and stopped, panting.  The walls and ceiling were vibrating, and the fire of the circle was flashing before her eyes in a throbbing drum, and it was only when a trickle of sand fell upon her in a shower that she realised she was underneath the dancing ground.  She felt paralysed, and yet still her heart kept dancing, throbbing, pounding to the beat, and the shadows of the dancers once again seemed to surround her and cage her in, trapping her like an animal, black tentacles blocking and winding around her throat until she felt that she was choking.  The heat was becoming unbearable now and she was wet with sweat, her body dripping, her hair clinging to her face in thick dark strands, barring her eyes, and still the dance went on and on, and the chant sank through her like a stone.  She felt powerless to move, unable to escape the prison.  And the fire glowed before her, tempting and terrifying, until it seemed that she was caught within its heat and blood, and everything around her flickered red and orange, and she thought that she would burn up.  Outside the fire she could see the shapes moving, faceless shadows peering in at her with a strange, snuffling sound, wet lips and tongues, like dogs on a scent, as if they could smell her.  And still she stood, motionless,  while the sweat formed a small puddle at her feet and her legs shook and the dance pounded and pounded through her heart until she felt a sharp electric shock and all was black.
She waited, still, thinking nothing.  She could not focus on anything – he would know.  He would find her.  He would find them.  Yet images swam before her eyes like planets in the sky, and Alice’s scared, white face came into view.  Her fears had calmed considerably since her escape from Aunt Maud, but the strange figure of her twin, standing as if frozen, looking at something that she couldn’t see, was enough to unnerve her again.
“Arlen?” she whispered frantically.  “Arlen, are you alright?”
“We have to move on,” Arlen said, and her voice was hoarse and cracked.  “They know we’re here.”
Without a word Alice felt for her sister’s hand, and the pair followed the path before them.  Arlen was slow, still so slow, that Alice quite despaired of them ever finding the way out.  She could almost feel the presence surrounding her twin, an invisible forcefield that pricked her hand with tingling hot pins and needles even as she touched her.  Above them the shadow feet stamped and the ceiling crumbled; their eyes were stinging with the grit of sand and small pebbles, and the chant grew louder and louder and the heat more intense as the roof began to split and crack, and the crumble became a thunderstorm as the ceiling caved in behind them.
“Quick!” Alice cried, and dragged Arlen forward.  She could see the tear in the roof flashing across the stone like lightning, and the girls could barely keep ahead of it.  Arlen’s feet were heavy, but at least she was moving now, and they had to keep going, had to, or else they’d be buried, trapped forever in the rubble of sand and water and shadow.  All around them the snuffling intensified until Arlen felt that they were at her heels, hot noses shooting up her legs like flames, and something inside her snapped as she burst into speed to escape them.  Behind them the earth was collapsing, and the sea and sand rushed through in a deafening pour and Arlen could feel the hot breath on her neck.  Before them the tunnel stretched on, longer and darker, until they came to –
“A wall!” Alice cried, in disgust and fear.  “What do we do now?
There were no pictures on this one.  Just a tall, blank stone, mocking them with its blindness.
Arlen stared frantically.  She knew if she turned, it would be there.  The ring, the fire, glowing, beckoning.  They had to find a way out.  
She stared so hard and long that her vision began to blur, and she could almost see the red stone flickering before her like a mirror, and something behind it – a white hand, withdrawing a small golden charm from a cloak.
“But there’s no keyhole,” she almost wept.
Then the face, so like hers, smiled and nodded and put her finger to her lips, pointing with her other hand to the red glow.
“What?” Arlen whispered.
But it was true, for behind the ruby reflection lay a small hole.  “The charm,” she whispered urgently.
“What?”
“The charm.  Give it to me.”
“OK, OK,” Alice reluctantly opened her hand and dropped the charm, warm and sticky, into her sister’s palm.  Without a word, Arlen inserted it quickly, jiggling it desperately as she fought with the stiffened magic.
“Quick,” Alice aided her hands, and between them it turned.  The wall quivered and trembled like a waterfall, and the girls passed through it into the arms of the cave and collapsed onto the ground, unable to speak for some time.
“You’re bleeding,” Alice said suddenly, concerned.
“I know.”  Arlen was shaken, but her head felt clear and free in the cool darkness, and she rubbed her heel, staining her hand with blood.  “He grabbed for me just as we went through.”  She examined the wound carefully, a long scratch trailing from mid calf to heel, and bubbling with her bright blood.  The cold water was stinging, and she bit her lip fiercely as she bathed the tear, his whisper still hissing in her ear.  Morwenna.
“That lock.  I don’t understand it.”  Alice was shaking her head.  “It wasn’t there a minute ago.  And then behind the ruby.  That ruby.  What did it do, burn a hole in the wall?”
“I don’t know,” Arlen admitted.  “But it was the way.  She showed me.”  She wrinkled her forehead.  “Don’t forget, it was his ruby first.  The alchemist’s, I mean.  And this was his passageway, or his daughters’.  It must have served some other purpose originally.”
“Like burning keyholes in walls,” Alice said logically, the words ringing strangely in her ears.  “They don’t put this sort of thing in the tourist guides.”
“Huh?”
“Nothing.  I just wish we could find out the whole story.”
They remained in silence for a few minutes, the waterfall trilling its music as the rainbow beams streamed through the chinks in the stone above them, bathing the room in a soft, green light.
“‘Green fingers’,” Alice quoted softly.  “Like in the poem.  There are green fingers around the wall.”
“Green fingers,” Arlen repeated, watching the water crimson with her blood.  The wound was deep, and her leg was starting to numb.  The water below was cold and icy, and the submerged ferns waved balletic fronds in the sluggish flow.  “Green fingers.”
And then she saw it.  A small brown parcel, hugged closely within the clinging embrace of the sea plants, an anemone jealously standing guard as it greedily watched the small, coloured fish darting around it.
“What are you doing?” Alice asked, as Arlen lowered herself into the water, waiting carefully for the anemone to snatch a small pink fish and concentrate on tearing it open before stretching her hand into the bed of plants.
“‘Encas’d in glass’,” she sang, as she climbed out of the pool, her leg stinging red with diluted blood.  “This is where she hid it.  It’s here.”
She laid the small parcel on a rock by the fall and both girls knelt over it, hearts beating quickly.
“It’s so silly,” Arlen said, with a low laugh.  “I feel quite nervous.”
“Just open it!” Alice cried, unable to bear the suspense any longer.
The parcel was wrapped in a waxy sort of covering, and was shining with algae and moss.  Arlen peeled it off gently, wincing a little at the slime.  Within it was a small brown bag, still soft and tender, an ancient skin, like the book.  The waxy covering had done its job well.
Arlen looked at Alice, and motioned for her to hold out her hands.  The gems tumbled out, smooth and cool, and with them a shining coil of gold – the twin to Arlen’s charm.
“It was waiting,” Alice whispered.  “Guarding them.”  She passed the dark pearl to Arlen, keeping the milky jewel in her own palm.
As if in answer, Arlen’s charm began to glow, and a tingling thrill shot through both girls like an electric current.  The gems resting snugly in their hands began to emit a soft, translucent light, as if communicating, and it seemed suddenly that both girls could see through the outer shells into some other swirling, shimmering current of life, a glimpse of another energy, and then the light faded, the pearls once again opaque and enigmatic.
“They’re magic,” Alice said softly, and the small, smooth orbs warmed their hands again, as if in response.  It was a crackling, tugging pull, like a magnetic attraction.
“They’re drawn to each other,” Arlen said.  “Can you feel it?”
“Yes,” replied Alice.  “But now what?”
But it didn’t seem to matter as the charms sparkled and shone, and they sat, mesmerised, by the single thread of light which connected the two halves.  They could see faces and swirling cloaks, and could hear the faint trill of faraway music which seemed to dance in crystal notes across the rainbow light of the cave.
“Hey!”
The world was gone, snapped back suddenly into the dimmed orbs which sat, still and silent once again, in their palms.
Arlen gazed around her, bewildered.  The voice had come from the small tunnel leading onto the beach, and she felt little surprise and much frustration when the head of Robbie MacKenzie peered in once again.  “What are you doing here?”  Her tone was accusing, and she tried to quash the guilt that rose to her cheeks like flames.
“Robbie!”  Alice’s voice held a relieved surprise.  “How are you?”
“Well, I – ” Robbie stopped and grinned, wanly.  “Recovered, I guess.  I – I just wanted to see how you two were doing,” he finished, a little sheepishly, a lone ray of light falling from the pearly roof to play in his thick, dark hair.
“We’re fine,” Arlen said shortly, and Alice glared at her.  “We’re – ” and then, “How did you know we were here?”
“I don’t know,” he half shrugged, as if knowing how ridiculous it sounded.  “I just knew.”
Arlen was smarting with anger and fear.  How had he not been seen by the dancers?  Had he shown them the way in?  She swayed suddenly, sick with terror and, as if in answer, the walls shook with a loud cracking and tearing noise from behind.  All three turned quickly as the sky opened above them and they were drowned in a heavy shower of gravel and dust, which filled the room in an opaque cloud.
“What’s – what’s going on?” Alice coughed, hardly able to breathe.
“I don’t know,” Arlen shouted above the noise.  An iron fist seemed to clutch at her heart as her cave, her room, her secret place, began to tear apart before her.  The walls were vibrating as if they would collapse at any second, crystal lights shooting through the dust like a giant glitterball, the ceiling above already an open and gaping wound as the sand streamed in and the cold sea mist engulfed them.
“I don’t know either,” Robbie shouted back, “but I do know that we’d better get out of here in a hurry.  This thing is going down.”
He moved back towards the tunnel, which was miraculously still open, with Alice following.  He saw her safely through and turned to wait for Arlen, whom he could no longer see in the dense cloud of dust.
It reminded him a little of a ride he’d been on at a theme park, although he could see that there was much less chance of coming through this one safely.  The ceiling was crumbling now, and the frozen icicles of stalactites fell and crashed around him like daggers.  But this was no ride.  He shook, as his foot was nearly speared by one of the descending blades.  “Arlen?” he shouted loudly.  The noise was nearly deafening.  “Arlen!”  He had almost fallen into the lake, fighting its own unnatural storm, and he experienced a sickening moment when all turned green and hazy, his stomach turning over when he realised that she might be in there.
“Arlen?  Robbie?  Where are you?”  He could hear Alice’s terrified voice echoing from somewhere.
“Stay there.  Don’t come in!” he shouted, knowing that it would be useless.  “I’ll find her!”  He turned sharply and almost fell over Arlen, who was seated silently on her rock seat by the water’s edge.  Falling rubble grazed her, and her hair was white with flying dust, and still she sat as though entranced.  “Arlen!  Arlen!”  He was almost furious with her now for scaring him like that.  Still she said nothing, and he reached down and shook her fiercely until her head rang and she snapped to suddenly and answered him with a stinging blow to the face.  He would never forget the way she looked at him then, her eyes smeared with tears, with loss.  She had almost felt that she could die there, amongst its falling magic.  Her cave.  She hadn’t wanted to move.  She couldn’t –
“Arlen, what are you doing?”  Alice’s voice rang with anguish.  “Come on.  Get out!”
Arlen started.  Her eyes grew black, and she turned and made her way unsteadily to where Alice stood, Robbie silently following.  Her hair was matted against her face with blood and dust, and Alice pressed her hand and drew her through the tunnel and into the open air.  Robbie squeezed himself out behind her, his tall body just clear of the small entrance when there was a roar and a rush and the tunnel collapsed behind him.  “Come on.  Quick,” he said, and the trio made their way, half sliding in the pool of sea slime, towards the maze of paths as the earth rumbled behind them, disappearing beneath their footprints.
It was a miracle that none of them were killed.  But they headed away from the dancing ground and the castle, further along the beach, where they stood firmly on the ground and watched the falling rubble from a distance.  The alchemist’s cave was no more.  There would be no entrance to it now, from either side, and even if there were, there would now be no cave to find.  Arlen drew a sharp breath, but her eyes were dry and stinging, and she would not cry any more.
It looked just as though there had been a landslide.  The sea splashed and swallowed beneath the bare cliffside, and there was a strange, surreal beauty as the rocks shook their last and gradually subsided, with a silent sigh, beneath the still mantle of night.
They stood quietly, and the darkness closed its heavy folds around them.  The silence was so powerful they could almost hear it.  Even the water, which had been so racked a few moments before, was now still and winking like smooth glass, waiting, patiently.  Arlen had often wondered what she should see below her, if she ever did dare to walk across it, as it had so often invited.
But the evening’s destruction had not yet finished and, as they stood and regarded each other in silence, the darkness above them split with a resounding crack, and their faces were illuminated for an instant by the explosive ray of a thunderbolt.  Alice jumped, shaking.  She had never liked thunder.  From between the jagged fronds of cloud the rain poured like bullets, stinging sharp and cold against their faces, penetrating and soaking them in a few seconds.
“Maybe I’d better see you home,” Robbie said then, shouting to be heard over the downpour.  
“We’re not scared of a storm,” Arlen yelled back, standing firm, as proud and tall as her small frame would allow.  She, too, was trembling, but hers was from a longing and excitement that thunderstorms always seemed to bring out in her.  She felt the rain streaming on her face and her body tingling with cold and her soul shimmering inside her.  The wind sang in a passion as if in response, whipping the wet strands of hair around her face, its lost songs clamouring in her ear.
“I know,” Robbie shouted through the rising gale, “but I thought maybe I could see you home.  We’ve got to get out of this anyway.”
Both girls were silent.  Neither of them really wanted to go back to the castle and face Aunt Maud and her strange behaviour.  Arlen was desperately trying to think of something to say that wouldn’t arouse his suspicions.  The cave was gone now, and she certainly wouldn’t want to go back to the ship.  From the corner of her eye she could see Alice shrugging and shaking, a hopeless, questioning look on her face.
“I – ” she began, not knowing how to finish.  But she was saved from ending the sentence anyway, as a torrential sweep of gurgling black water came rushing towards them, drowning road, beach and rocks in its wake, bubbling from the small mouths gaping between the rocks now blocking the tunnel and speeding, curling and merciless, on towards them.
“No way,” said Robbie, determined.
“It’s flooded,” Alice gasped, as the heavy raindrops spat against her face.  “We’d never make it!”
“We could go back to Mac’s,” Robbie suggested.  “At least it’s dry there.”
“Where’s Arlen?” Alice asked, looking around suddenly.
Faced with little choice, Arlen had been ready to follow the others, when a bright object sucking in the water like a drowning star caught her eye.  Drawn, she approached it and picked it up.
It was another pearl, white and shining and slimy with foam, and rolling within a piece of dark cloth.  How strange, she thought, holding it, her dark legacy warm in her pocket.  Another one.
“Arlen, come on!”  Alice startled her out of her dream, and she quickly slipped the find into her other pocket and scrambled back up the beach, ahead of the advancing flood, to join the others.
Chapter Nine
“Wow,” Alice came in from the balcony after having thoroughly examined the large telescope.  Not even Arlen, although great friends with Mr MacKenzie, had actually been in his home before.  It was a small and curious place, whose architect must have been a drunkard.  Yet somehow everything seemed to fit.  The tiny sitting room was filled with curiosities from abroad – Persian rugs, jade monkeys, sea paintings, carved zebras, and a large ship in a bottle on the mantelpiece, above which hung a large picture in a simple wooden frame.  The similarity between this painting and the picture of the alchemist’s ship in the book struck Alice immediately.  The form, the style, the colour – even the design of the ship and the roar and lurch of the waves appeared to closely resemble each other.  She shuddered suddenly.
An odd, twisted, rickety staircase, made of mismatched wood and uneven planks, drifted off into the wall, opening halfway up onto a tiny balcony, where sat a large and ornate brass telescope.  Its vision was extremely powerful, as the girls had discovered after braving the elements for a peep.
“So that explains it,” Arlen was almost speaking to herself as she drifted down the stairs, shaking raindrops from her hair in a fine sprinkle of mist.  The oppressive heaviness had lifted, and she felt strangely and keenly alert, every nerve seeming to vibrate and quiver with an anticipation she could not explain.
“What?”  Robbie looked up from where he was rearranging his grandfather’s strange, dragonlike chess pieces onto the gameboard.
“A glint,” Arlen replied, musingly, to herself.  “I used to see it from somewhere up here.  It must have been the reflection from the glass of the telescope.”
It wasn’t until later that she thought how odd it was that the telescope should be trained on the castle. 
“Yeah, well, Grandad spends a lot of his time birdwatching,” Robbie explained.  “That thing’s usually focused on the seabirds, especially the gulls.”  He paused from replacing the rooks in their rightful positions as guardians on the edges of the chessboard, and looked up.  “It’s funny, but here the birds do seem to have a language all their own, don’t they?  I mean, it’s like they’re trained or something.”
“Yes, I noticed that too,” Alice sank down onto the couch arm.  “Like when I first arrived here I could have sworn there was somebody watching me, but when I looked around, all that was there was a lone seagull.  It followed me all the way to the castle.”  She turned to her sister.  “And then there was the bird that tried to attack us on the Beach Road, remember?  It even tried to get into the house.”
“Well, Grandad always says that there’s a million things to be learned from the birds,” Robbie poked up the fire.  “He says that all you have to do is wait for a sign.  It’s almost like a secret code sometimes, he says.”
“Where is your grandfather?” Arlen asked suddenly.  “I haven’t seen him for a while.”
“I’m not sure,” Robbie gazed around him, as if anticipating the appearance of the old man at any minute.  “I was sure he was going to be here.  We had the board all set up for a game.”  He stopped, and the three suddenly uncomfortably remembered how the door had been swinging wide open upon their arrival, the small front room cold and damp with the sea wind, and the chess pieces, which Robbie had so carefully rearranged on the board, indignantly spilt in the grate and covered in grey ashes.  Robbie shrugged, a worried expression crossing his face.  “I don’t know where he is.”
“What’s that?” Arlen asked then, quickly.  The others followed her gaze to the front room curtain, where a scanty piece of net beckoned from between the thick drapes.  There was something there.  They could hear a dragging, tearing sound from behind the material, as if in tune with the fierce gusts of air.
“Well, there’s one way to find out,” Robbie strode over to the curtain and pulled it back with a firm yank.  Behind it the sea wind raged and whined its call into the room as the net billowed in fat, shapeless form, snagged halfway down by several shattered, jagged pieces of glass where the window had been broken.  Clinging to the toothlike edges were a few fine, white hairs and several grey and white feathers, stained brightly with blood.

“One thing’s for sure.  It was a bird that did it,” Arlen remarked firmly, as she arranged her pillows.  Robbie had insisted they take the small attic room where he had been sleeping.  He was going to bunk in the front room to wait for his grandfather, and he wanted to leave Mac’s room clear in case he was hurt.  None of them had liked the look of that window.
They had searched the outside of the house but there was no sign of the old man, and the strength of the storm had grown, the harsh bullets of rain blinding their vision and the wind swelling in a fierce roar against them, almost as if it were herding them back to the house.  They could do nothing but wait.
“But you don’t think a seagull – well, I mean,” Alice stopped for a moment, as if in disbelief, “dragged him through the window?”
“I don’t know what to think,” Arlen stopped by a small round porthole and sighed as she gazed out to sea, the wind of Southmore harping her elflocks around her face.  She frowned.  “Something doesn’t quite add up here.  Why would old Mac have his telescope trained on our castle?  And it was.  And why would he devotedly be following the antics of the birds?  He’s never appeared to be all that keen on birds to me.”
“Not unless – he was waiting for a signal from them,” Alice turned to face her sister, her voice rising to a squeak.
“And if that’s the case,” Arlen finished, “it makes me wonder just whose side old Mac is actually on.” 

Arlen twisted onto her left side again.  Surely it was nearly morning.  As if in answer, a large clock struck two hours in a booming voice from somewhere downstairs.
“Ohhh,” Arlen threw herself onto her front and pulled the pillow over her head in an effort to drown out the noise and hopefully suffocate herself to sleep.  No matter how hard she tried, she just couldn’t find a comfortable position.  A hard lump digging into her side wasn’t helping, and, rolling over again, she felt curiously through the bedclothes.  Her fingers rested on something round and rough and very cold, which shone, pale and luminous, in her palm.  It was the pearl she had found on the beach, still half wrapped in its dark, damp covering.  It must have fallen out of her jeans pocket when she was preparing for bed.  She had forgotten about it, and now, in the dusky moonlight weaving through the porthole, she examined the small object carefully.
The wrapping was made of a thick, rich material, although it was wet and crusty from the salt of the sea.  Midnight blue and raven black, and a strange interlacing pattern of coils and swirls in silver thread.  She knew it – she just couldn’t remember where.  Running her fingers lightly over it, the subtle pattern was suddenly disturbed by a jagged, uneven break in the woof. She shuddered suddenly, and turned her attention to the gem.
It looked like a normal pearl.  Quite large, but nothing unusual.  Not like the alchemist’s pair, which lay wrapped together in Alice’s pullover, resting on the book by her pillow.  And yet there was something strange about it.  A fierce dent, so savage that it had punctured the smooth, round surface and left it craggy and rough.  Arlen traced her fingers carefully over the harsh marks.  They were strange – almost like teeth marks, she thought, shivering, as the fragment of silvery threads seemed to turn to ice in her hand, painful to the touch, and she was suddenly gripped with a fierce intensity of vision, her body so cold and alert that she was shaking.  Waves of images flooded through her like a sea, until she felt like a doll hurtled through the cruel roar of the ocean.  Memories submerged her, the woven cloak flapping in the gale, hair streaming around her face in stinging lashes.  The rage tore through her like an iron lance, and she felt as though her heart had been sliced in two, drowning in its own blood.
He was there, his iron grey eyes steely in the dawn as she faced him, the wind rising above them like walls, his greed resting on his lips.
Anguish seemed to pour from her, every breath she took screaming pain, and the hand which held the charm firmly around her neck trembled slightly.  She would not succumb.  She would not yield.  Her cloak billowed about her, mingling with the dark strands of hair, and its silver pattern seemed to lift and meet the stars like a cold flash of fire.  She could see the image – it was so familiar – but she couldn’t distinguish it.  Her eyes smarted, and she blinked them furiously.  From somewhere outside of herself she could see her twin, standing on the edge of the cliff behind her, and the pain of the separation tore through her.  But she had no choice.  It was the only way.
Almost unaware of what she was doing, Arlen climbed out of bed, and made her way downstairs.  From the hallway she could see the dim figure of Robbie by the window, and the pain was so severe that she thought she might faint.  But she passed on, and out of the door, across the narrow, creaking pier, and onto the sand.
The storm had stilled, and the place looked devastated.  Mounds of rocks and rubble lined the beach, black water lapping possessively around them.  The shipwreck had almost been demolished, and she could not bring herself to look up towards the bare, white cliff.  The wind of Southmore sang softly as she picked her way through the debris.  She could not tell what she was looking for, or what strange memory channelled her forwards, but the pain was too great to ignore.  She felt a stabbing in her calf, and vaguely remembered the earlier events of the day.
There it was, before her.  She stopped, her hand resting on one of the stone boundaries.  The circle was beckoning.
The strange sphere of sand looked distant and remote as she entered its centre.  Nothing seemed changed or unusual, and she twisted this way and that, not sure of what she was looking to find, but eager to end her search.  No other evidence of the cloak, or the ancient fragments of the scene she had just witnessed, greeted her eye.  Yet, suddenly, as she was turning to leave, a white fleshy object caught her attention.  Thinking perhaps it was a starfish or some other sea creature hurt by the landslide, she dropped down to examine it, but drew back immediately with a gasp of horror.  Later she remembered vaguely thinking that she had never noticed any marine life out on the beach anyway, except for the birds.  And this was certainly no marine life.  It was a hand.
Arlen froze.  
The hand was white and soft, the flesh still fresh, the wrist savagely torn.  The sand around it was stained red with blood.  The only distinguishing mark was a large signet ring of gold and black opal, which sat mockingly on the little finger.  Arlen felt her heart stop for a second.  She knew that ring.  She had seen it on the owner’s hand nearly every day of her life.
It belonged to Mr MacKenzie. 

Alone in the attic room, Alice was jolted awake suddenly.  She had the unpleasant sensation of having just dreamt something which left her uncomfortable and uneasy, but which she couldn’t remember, and the not being able to remember part almost disturbed her more than anything.  Snatches of memory invaded her mind, none sharp enough for her to catch or name, and she shuddered, cold suddenly, and looked over to see if Arlen was awake.
But Arlen was gone.
Slowly, almost as if in a dream, Alice rose and dressed, and hoped that the unpleasant dreams she could not remember were not about to come true.  Instinctively, she slipped out of the house and made her way down to the beach, where a figure crouched amongst the rocks.
Alice stopped.  It looked like Arlen.  But was it Arlen?  And what was she doing there, in the middle of the night, in the very place she had warned Alice against?  Doubt found her suddenly, with creeping, sticky fingers.  Why was Arlen in the circle?  That circle, that she had fought so hard to keep them from?  Ambiguously, she almost felt that all this was Arlen’s fault; if she had not gone searching for answers that she obviously wasn’t meant to find, most of this probably wouldn’t have happened.  She stood stiffly, unsure of what to do, and horribly aware of the cutting guilt which was rising in her as she realised that she was not rushing to protect her own twin.  From the corner of her eye, she seemed to see another figure standing behind Arlen, blurry in the shadows, its dark cloak flapping in the rising wind, the long strands of hair hiding the face so that she could not see who it was.  It startled her, and she jolted to suddenly, as if awakening a second time, and she drew her breath and quickly ran into the circle towards her sister.
Arlen was still and silent, and for a horrible moment Alice wondered whether she had been turned into stone, like something from an old myth that one of her teachers would have once read in class.  But Arlen was breathing, harsh and hoarse, and, as Alice stood beside her and gently raised her, the tide rolled in and drowned the circle, washing over the girls’ feet and soaking their jeans.  Before them the sucking froth of the water claimed the hand and carried it off, a white object jolted amongst the foam and spit of the waves, and then it vanished, sinking beneath the heaving darkness.
The moon emerged suddenly from behind a cloud, its pale reflection casting a shallow, sickly light on the long black shadows running down the sand and the cliffside.  The wind had died, and the beach seemed eerie and lonely.  It was then that Arlen turned and faced her twin, her eyes dark and hopeless.
“Has he come back?”
She knew the answer already, and Alice shook her head, slowly and sadly.
“How do we tell Robbie?”
The tide was weakening now, although the gurgling water still lapped near to the girls as they made their way slowly through the rubble.  White tongues licked around them lazily, confident of their claim, drawing smugly back into the mass of darkness with a menacing hiss.  Alice felt that she would never be able to wash the prickling of sand and sea water from her clothes.  It was just as she was abstractedly thinking that she hadn’t seen a washing machine since London, that she nearly tripped over something.
“Hey, wait a minute!” she called to Arlen, who was walking miserably on ahead.  Arlen turned and faced her, exhausted.  All her energy was spent, and yet the sharp rush of fear and pain that swept through her when she saw what Alice had nearly fallen over was almost blinding.
The obstacle was no rock or log, but a foot, and, unlike the hand, it still had a body attached.
Alice was staring, her face white and incredulous in the impassionate glow of the moon.  There was a body lying in the breaking waves of surf, face down in the sand, water lapping it softly.  Its arms were flung forward into the low waves, the left one chopped short and colouring the water like wine.
Arlen gasped, her face a mixed mask of relief and fear.  She’d know those sturdy black shoes anywhere.  They had found him.  For a moment she couldn’t seem to move.  It seemed that she had seen something like this before, long ago, except that she couldn’t remember what or when, and for a few moments Mr MacKenzie’s body seemed to flicker and fade, and she thought she saw the moonthread cloak wet and bedraggled and choking in the seaweed.
But no.  It was Mr MacKenzie, and she almost felt that she was standing aside watching herself, still and wooden, while Alice ran to the motionless man lying helpless in the foam, and seized him by the ankles.
“Arlen, help me!” she cried frantically.  “We’ve got to get him out of here!”  She was pulling and tugging with all her strength, and though he was slowly moving away from the water, the weight was too heavy for her alone.  “Oh, help me, please,” she sobbed.
A streak of lightning bolted suddenly from a sagging dark cloud above, tearing it as scissors rent material, and soared through the sky in a whirl of electric colour, lighting the landscape and illuminating, for a few brilliant moments, the tears of the small girl struggling on the beach.  The remnants of the wreck suddenly wrenched apart from the rocks, heaving into the air, a proud moment, dark and tall against the flashing skies, as a great clap of thunder served as a drumroll.  Something called in Arlen.  Her mood snapped and she turned to face her sister, drenched in the gushing torrents, and ran to aid her, splashing into the sea as she gripped the old man’s arms.  Together they dragged him from the dark waves and onto the shore, away from the sucking sand of the forbidden rocks behind them.
The sky cracked and the heavy, brooding clouds were stripped apart in a jagged tear as the thunder shook the scene like an earthquake, and the sea heaved and spewed in shades of deep red and crimson and black beneath the furious spears of lightning.  One soared right through the ancient vessel, striking the groaning old carcass in a blaze of triumph and sending it into a bright orange, burning burst of flames, which danced and shook in eerie figures and gestures against the cheeks of the two girls watching.  And the sky was a great mess of rent and savaged clouds, hanging shredded and wilting in the dark red, flashing picture above like forlorn wisps of cobwebs, when the twins were met by a frantic Robbie, who had somehow appeared on the beach before them to help them carry his grandfather home.
Chapter Ten
Miraculously, the old man had survived, although he was weak from pain and loss of blood.  It was several hours later before he had calmed himself sufficiently to even talk to the three little personages clustered worriedly around him.  He had regained consciousness almost as soon as they had reached home, as if some great spell had been broken and he was unleashed.  He had bathed, been dressed in soft, warm clothes, and had eaten and drunk to his fill.  The stump of his left hand had been tightly bound and bandaged.  They had had to do it themselves; no one in the village, including the doctor, it seemed, had wanted to be raised from their warm beds into a wild night, and Robbie’s frantic cries at their doors had gone unheeded.  
Now, however, his grandfather sat by a blazing fire, the cold shut out from the broken window by the great sheets of newspaper crammed into it.  He had just consumed his fifth cup of sweet, hot tea, and had made a reach for the brandy bottle on a nearby shelf, when he finally turned and faced the three youngsters.  He looked at them with something akin to sorrow in his eyes, his pupils boring from one to the other at regular intervals, and then he sighed heavily, and turned his head away from the trio to stare at the bulky curtained picture of the stuffed window before him.  The pain and anguish visible in his clouded blue eyes was more than Arlen could bear, and she ran to him, her heart almost breaking, and sat on the side of his own comfortable armchair, placing her arm around his shoulder, her small wet cheek soft against his coarse, bristly skin.
“Don’t worry, Mr MacKenzie,” she said.  “You’re alright now.  You’re safe.”  She didn’t know what the old man’s part was in it all, but she couldn’t forget that he had been her only friend when all the other villagers had shunned her.
“Yes, you are,” Alice echoed her words as she moved to sit by his feet, and Robbie looked on, a pleading expression in his eyes as he silently begged his grandfather to speak.  But Mr MacKenzie just looked at them once again, one by one, through the tired, faded blue eyes that once must have been so like Robbie’s, then sighed and turned his face away again.
The twins and Robbie looked at each other, misunderstanding, each wondering frantically what they had done to warrant such a cold reaction, when suddenly Mr MacKenzie, still gazing out at the faded curtain which hid the stuffed, splintered window, opened his mouth and spoke, and his voice was dull and broken.
“I didn’t deserve that.”
“Of course you didn’t, Grandad.”  Robbie rose quickly and placed his hand firmly on his grandfather’s shoulder.  “You certainly didn’t deserve to be left on the beach the way you were.  And your hand – ” he broke off, and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand suddenly, furiously, and Arlen, seated opposite, could have sworn that for just a moment or two she saw the glint of tears in the bright blue of his eyes.  “You could have drowned,” the words were almost a whisper.
“That’s what I deserved,” his grandfather’s voice was gruff, and he rose suddenly, trembling on his feet and shaking off the aiding hands as he struggled over to the window and tore the curtain from its hooks.  “This is what I deserved!” he cried passionately, pointing at the shattered glass.
“Grandad, I – ” Robbie ran to him, hurting, wondering if perhaps his grandfather’s sanity had suffered a little during the trauma.  But Mr MacKenzie waved him back.
“I deserved to be left out there on the beach,” he was almost shouting.  “I deserved to be sucked into the sea, the same way as the others.  I did,” he broke down then, and his words were coming in blurred, sobbing whimpers, mixed with the hard, hot salt of a seaman’s tears.
Arlen silently rose from the chair arm and walked slowly over to where he stood, shaking, by the jagged panes of glass.  The wind moaned mournfully, slinking over the fragile teeth and breathing into the curtain until it looked like the sheeted ghost from an old horror movie.
She gazed at the old man, suddenly so frail and vulnerable, and her voice was soft.  “What about the others, Mr MacKenzie?  Don’t you think it’s about time you told us the whole story?”
Old Mac turned, and moved his dry, crumpled old hands away from his creased, worn face, and he nodded as he regarded the girl with something like relief in his eyes.  He moved slowly back to the armchair and seated himself in it, his back upright and his face determined.  One by one, Arlen, Alice and Robbie took seats on a red, plush footstool at his feet before the fire, and it was then that he began his tale.
“Robbie, this will all be new to you.  Girls, some of this you will be familiar with.  Some has faced you and fought you already, some is yet to come.  And some, although not physically brought before you, has touched you inside and marked you with the hard finger of inheritance.”  He stopped, and gazed at the three solemn faces before him, then he sighed, his eyes bright with pain, and began his story.
“Have you seen the beast that guards the village fountain, girls?”
They both nodded.
“It was said for years that the golden serpent, the symbol of the Penmorvens, was the protector of the town.  There are many stories still whispered behind the frightened shutters of the villagers, of hopes for its return to save their home, this one strange spot on the sea.  They have been a long time waiting.  And they have never forgiven Lord Penmorven for its disappearance.”
Alice gasped slightly, and Arlen’s face hardened.
“Do you know of the alchemist, girls?”
They nodded again.
“Then you will know that he was your ancestor, and lived within the walls of Penmorven Castle nearly five centuries before you, when the towers were still proud and tall, and the lights could be seen shining like the sun, the whole way along the coast.  The Penmorvens then were a generous bunch, and their home was open and bright, and there was often to be heard singing and music from the parties they held.
“Yet Lord Penmorven had a deeper side to him, and, late at night, after the torches were extinguished and the guests departed or put to bed, he would mount the winding stairs to his secret room, high in the north tower which no longer stands, and pursue his studies.  Like many noblemen and students of his generation, he was seduced by the glinting whispers of alchemy, the science that was said to turn metal into gold, and to open the gateway to eternal youth.  You may have heard about such hopes.
“But it was a far higher and more generous ambition which gripped Lord Penmorven.  Being of a philanthropical nature, he desperately wanted to offer something to the world that would do it some good, for people have never really been happy with the world in which they live.  People who yearn for days gone by would find themselves just as or more unhappy as those of a previous era.  And so his great mind set up a scheme which would bring happiness to his fellow kind.  Unlike many of his contemporaries, his hopes were magnanimous, although his art itself did require the same painstaking patience and meticulous approach.  Also, most importantly, was the use of stones and metals to achieve his purpose, and his wealth was able to supply him with these necessary tools.
“Night after night he worked long hours, sometimes straight through to the next evening, and his large brain often ached with the fear of failure and disillusionment.  It perhaps may have been better if he had failed, for success certainly brought him nothing but disillusionment, as well as centuries of suffering for the people of his village.
“The alchemist had two daughters, identical twins, like you two.  I can remember your grandmother showing me an old portrait of them in days gone by, and the resemblance is quite frightening.  And yet – I think – perhaps because you may also have inherited their strength – you will succeed where others before you have failed, and failed tragically.
“Isobel and Imogen were young and lovely and, like their father, of a magnanimous nature.  Their hands were much sought after by young noblemen from all corners near and far, and yet none of them were able to win either of the girls over in marriage.  Whether this was because they did not wish to be parted, or that they didn’t want to leave their family home, or because they just did not like any of the young men who sought them, I do not know.  But life went on at Penmorven Castle, until one day there arrived a tall stranger out of nowhere, to beg for shelter at the castle gates.
“His name was Penvynne, and he had been washed up from a shipwreck along the coast further west.  He was returning home, he said, after many years away travelling, and spoke affectionately of the Penmorvens, although certainly neither Lord Penmorven, nor his daughters, nor their servants, had heard of any family by that name down by the tail of the land, from where he claimed to originate.
“Nevertheless, it was obvious that he was a young man of breeding and good taste, and, like Lord Penmorven, he shared a deep interest in the possibilities of alchemy.
“It would have done Lord Penmorven better if he had been more cautious, far more cautious, than to open his doors to a stranger whose story was yet unopened, and who seemed to already know so much about the household that it was not long before he ingratiated himself there almost as one of the family.  Suddenly long held friends were turned away, as the Penmorvens were too busy to receive them, and the hall now sat dark and quiet, while the strange blue light burned feverishly upstairs in the small tower room, two heads bent ceremoniously over the flickering flame.
“It is to be wondered that Lord Penmorven did not sense his guest’s true nature at those times, for stories circulated through the lower quarters and the village that when the light burned on Penvynne’s face, his skull was to be seen beyond it, and his eyes would redden and glow with an unearthly fire.  Perhaps he was held under some sort of spell – it is only left to us to wonder at now.
“And what of the twins, meanwhile?  Both unhappy with their father’s interest in the stranger, they were nevertheless prevented from speaking with him, as strange illness after illness seemed to break out in the village, and the girls were busy tending to the sick.  And often could be seen, as they hurried out into the mist of morn or eve in their dark cloaks, the face of Penvynne watching them from the dark tower, and his expression was one of greed and covetousness.
“Many whispered that the alchemist had gone blind with desire for knowledge and success.  He could not see that Penvynne’s motives were not as altruistic as his own.  However he must have sensed something, for the lights in the north tower room began to burn less brightly and less often than before, and the rage in Penvynne’s face went not unnoticed.  It was then that he pursued his courtship of the twins with even more fervour, bribing even the seagulls to spy on them, winning their scavenging natures over with promises of dead, white flesh.
“It was at this time that rumours began to circulate around the village claiming that Lord Penmorven had met with some success.  The alchemists believed that by transforming the metals they worked with, they could transform themselves.  Much of this was concerned with the single human being – the alchemist himself.  But Lord Penmorven dreamt of greater things, benefits that would go beyond the individual, to affect humankind.  One of his projects, Dr Jekyll fashion, had been an attempt to separate the good and bad of human nature.  For many nights he poured over the crucible, testing the metals in a tiny ocean as they bubbled fiercely above the burning flame.  And eventually the mixture congealed and formed into two round stones, like large pearls – yes, my dear?” for Alice had gasped slightly.  But she shook her head after a fierce look from Arlen, and Mr MacKenzie continued.  “Two perfect spheres, miniature worlds of their own.  He had managed to capture negative reactions in one them – the black pearl, which burned and boiled to the touch.  He hoped to destroy this pearl somehow, in the belief that it would improve the lot of the world.  Yet he was unable to realise this hope, for the black pearl proved resistant to all kinds of destruction.  Furthermore, he could not dispel the attraction of the pearls for each other, a sort of magnetic force, which caused them to roll together continually.
“Poor Lord Penmorven had become so divorced from the outside world and the people of his community, that he failed to realise he himself was upsetting the balance.  One cannot separate good and evil, because one cannot exist without the other.  The very mention of one suggests its opposite within the same breath.  Life is not that simple, as, no doubt, you will find.
“Penvynne had been witness to some of these experiments, and it may have been the covetous gleam in his eye which finally raised Lord Penmorven’s suspicions.  Whatever it was, the jewels were swept away from under Penvynne’s nose, and the alchemist entrusted their protection to his daughters.  What he hadn’t counted on though, was Penvynne’s relentless pursual of the girls, and he had certainly not anticipated that with one of them, he would be successful.”
Arlen felt herself draw breath sharply and so suddenly that her chest was swelled with pain and her eyes smarted with tears.  Was this, then, going to be what she had seen, as if a spectator standing before actors, on the long coastline by the walls that no longer existed?  Mac threw a keen look in her direction, and she lowered her eyes and lifted her hand slowly to the charm.  The delicate coils felt like fire to her touch, and she thought that she would almost burst as she waited for him to finish the story.
“Who can say how it happened?  Penvynne was, and is, still capable of many tricks.  What is certain, is that Imogen began to change.  Suddenly resentful of her sister’s company, she would disappear for long instances, and return, flushed and windswept, but would not say where she had been.  Seemingly resentful, too, of their previous closeness, she would refuse to answer Isobel’s questions, or even to speak with her at times, and she suddenly became fond of engaging Penvynne in long conversation, which he was only too delighted to encourage.
“Isobel was frightened of his growing power over her twin, and she seemed unable to reach any part of her sister’s mind.  Imogen was becoming opaque, her reflection muddy, and Isobel sometimes felt that she was a stranger to her.  It soon became clear that Imogen was no longer to be trusted with guardianship of the secret, and, one night, the pearls vanished.”
Arlen shuddered suddenly.  It was happening again, and she felt nauseous as the room began to sway and dissolve and blacken around her, as if she were travelling through a tunnel, and then before her the particles seemed to swirl and grow, until she was standing on the cliffside again.  Only this time she was not watching.  She was taller somehow, and dressed in a deep wine gown of velvet, and long strands of hair covered her like a cloak in the breeze.  Alice was opposite her, similarly attired, except that it wasn’t Alice, it was Isobel, and she seemed at that moment to lose her identity completely and to become that girl of so long ago.
They were engaged in a fight, and she suddenly knew the spiteful words that had issued from her own mouth only a few minutes earlier, and they wrenched at her like talons.  Isobel was near to tears, pleading, cajoling, and yet still, there was a gentle strength and a serene beauty which shone through the pain she seemed to be feeling.
Such pain.  And yet how could she know about pain, that starry faced girl, so like herself and yet so obviously free of the torment that gnawed at her own insides.  She had never been in love; she did not know what pain was.  She felt her face twisting into the harsh, passionate hatred of some ancient, mythological goddess, and she knew then that she and Isobel could never go back.  How could she?  What did Isobel know of the fear and all consuming desire that seemed to well up from the very core of her soul and tear through her body like red hot pincers?  She couldn’t understand it – she didn’t think she even liked him – and yet, he had made it so she couldn’t live without him.  What has he done to me? she cried inwardly, and the mirror in which she had always seen herself compared to Isobel cracked and splintered suddenly, and she felt the jagged shards of her own self strike at her like knife blades.
Pain tore through her like a spear, and her face contorted again with the wrenched hatred of her passion.  He had told her things, promised her things, and she had wanted to believe him.  She had wanted to be herself.  And yet – was this herself?  Or was this merely his voice, prodding, poking at her, relentlessly, mercilessly.  She raised her hands to her face and screamed suddenly, long and anguished, a creature under torment, and Isobel gazed at her with tears streaming from her eyes, yet still she stood firm.
“Tell me,” she begged, and she felt herself dropping to her knees, the velvet wine crushed in dirt and sand.  “Where are they?  He will leave me alone, if you tell me.  Please.”
“I cannot,” Isobel answered again, and her gaze was sorrowful.
“Then I have no other choice,” Imogen replied, and her face was white and defeated.  With hot tears and bleeding lips, she raised the call for the serpent.  Isobel uttered a heartbreaking cry, for she could see the treachery that was to follow.  But it was too late.  Penvynne appeared from beyond the wall, and, as the creature circled the castle, its golden rays dazzling, he raised his hands and uttered some words.  From his fingers shot a fine, strong rope, which wrapped around the dragon’s wings so tightly that they broke, and the beast came crashing to the ground, taking half the castle with it, its roar of pain belching smoke and fury as it struggled futilely against the cords.
Isobel ran forward, her mouth full of magic, but she could not prevent the damage that had been done, nor was she in time to save her sister.  For Penvynne had disappeared from the clifftop into the waves, and he had taken Imogen with him.”
Mac stopped and gazed with sorrowful, faded eyes as Arlen slid from her seat and into a small, crumpled heap on the floor.  It was some time before she came to, her breath so racked and shallow that she could barely focus.
“What happened?” Alice whispered, her voice tight and anxious.
But Arlen could only shake her head and turn away.
“They – they never found her – did they?” Alice asked, after some time.
“No – no, child, they never did,” replied Mac.  “They sent search parties out, but the seas welled up in anger against them, and they were lucky to escape with their lives.  Heartbroken, Lord Penmorven and Isobel returned to the castle, with the terrible knowledge that Imogen was trapped beneath the crushing waves.
“But Penmorven hadn’t finished yet.  His faith in his experiments unshaken, he embarked on a quest to find his lost daughter, and he called upon the power of a stone which had been in the Penmorven family for many generations.  An ancient gem, it was said originally to have come from Ireland, a fiery treasure of one of the Sidhe, the Irish faeries, which had been won in battle by a Penmorven forefather many centuries before.”
“The ruby,” Arlen whispered, and Alice tightened her grasp on her arm.
“Yes, my dear – the Penmorven ruby.  A gem so bright and beautiful, it was said to be like crimson satin or velvet, or flowing wine.  Or human blood.  All who looked into its deep recesses were filled with a wonder that consumed their souls, and for many, a covetous greed that devoured and controlled them, until they were driven mad.  Many had tried to steal the stone, but it had always evaded capture, and it was said, indeed, that should the ruby ever leave the Penmorven clan, days of darkness would fall upon them until the stone resumed its rightful place.
“It was to this stone that Lord Penmorven now turned for the rescue of Imogen.  He called on the ruby, and the strange, fierce power within, but in his grief he forgot that the gifts of the otherworld are not servants, and their promises can be dangerous to the manacled mind.  Penmorven was no longer the great student of knowledge, but the anguished father, mourning over the loss of his child, and he subjected the ruby to the fan and the flame, cajoling it and threatening it with his pain, trying to force open its secrets to find his lost daughter.
“And meanwhile the waters curled and spat, and the wind of Southmore roared and hissed around the village, and the people began to be afraid to brave the ocean.  It was the cause of many a loss of income, not to mention loss of life, and there was much suffering amongst the villagers.  Perhaps inevitably, talk began to turn against Lord Penmorven and his family.  However the alchemist knew nothing of this, and continued to work feverishly, the bloody light flickering night after night from his tower room over the dark waters, and over the villagers’ tongues.
“But Imogen was not to be found, and Lord Penmorven’s sorrow grew, and with it his anger, and his rage turned to the stone and its silent crimson heart, which was beginning to consume him.  He had forgotten the origins of the ruby and its place with his family, and he had attempted to manipulate its power with his cold instruments.  And when the ruby responded to his obsession, the pictures he saw in the deep glowing centre proved to be false.
“Meanwhile the villagers, already a wary and superstitious folk, and now much resentful of what seemed like Penmorven’s curse upon the town, were starting to voice their anger, and a plan was formed to rid themselves of the Penmorven family and their devilish experiments forever.  One night, as Lord Penmorven sat amongst the yellowing parchments and flickering lights in his room, the villagers stole to the castle ground and lit a huge fire at the bottom of the tower, fully intending to burn the place and all its occupants to the ground.
“The flames raged and the villagers danced and whooped, but Penmorven escaped with the ruby through a secret passage that led out of the castle.  The north tower and all of Penmorven’s work were burned to the ground, but the damaged remains of the rest of the castle were saved, as were Isobel and the servants.
“His house was falling down around him, the Penmorven dragon lay crumped and broken, the servants had scattered, and Isobel could not reason with her father.  Feeling he had lost both his daughters, he decided to take matters into his own hands.
“Completely disillusioned, Penmorven resolved to free his family and the villagers from his own folly, and he cast the ruby from the mound of rock on the Beach Road into the sea, vowing to cease his experiments forever.  Yet this was a foolish thing to do, for he had discarded something of immense power with no care for its future, and it has been said that Penvynne’s finger has worn it ever since.  The stone that had turned against the Penmorvens was now on the hand of one more dangerous, and it was then that the waters of Southmore, so deadly and treacherous to begin with, became near impossible to sail, and anyone who ventured forth lost their lives, and perhaps even more than that.  The stories in the village grew, of course, and it began to be told that the ruby, betrayed by Penmorven’s guilt and grief, had opened the door to a curse, claiming not only the bodies, but the souls of the dead.  It was said that they were bound to Penvynne forevermore, appearing periodically to dance around the ruins of the castle, reliving their attempt to exact revenge upon the family who had wronged them.  It is their lost, soulless cry which calls through the melancholy wind of this cursed village, their only voice.”
Alice was shaking by this time, her stomach turning somersaults.  It seemed suddenly that she was still there, locked in the swirling fog, the icy hands and mournful voices surrounding her, and Robbie quietly raised himself and fetched her some water.  Arlen, meanwhile, sat straight and tightlipped, her eyes black and unfalteringly focused on some particularly interesting part of the wall.
Mac waited until Alice had drunk her water, and then he resumed his story.
“At last it became clear to Penmorven what he must do, and one night he prepared a small ship and sailed out into the ocean in an attempt to save Imogen himself, and regain the freedom of his daughters and the villagers.  He was never seen again.”
The cosy scene was silent for a few moments.  The fire flickered in the grate, and cast strange, hollow shadows on the faces of those present, while the wind moaned mournfully through the stuffed window.  Arlen’s face was close and tight.
“And what about Isobel?”
Mac’s face was sorrowful, and his voice was low.  “Isobel was left alone, but she refused to mourn for her father or sister.  Well-skilled in magic herself – it is said that all the Penmorvens have a touch of the gift, to varying degrees – she tried all she could do to locate the whereabouts of her family, but to no avail.  The fog would rise over her vision until she felt that she was being choked, and her dreams held traces of blood and the whispers of those voices, trapped and yearning, their souls and hearts held within the wind and below the waves.
“The villagers would see her sometimes, searching silently on the cliffside, gazing over the waters, her eyes and heart never still, and indeed, I have heard the stories that she is still seen there, waiting, searching, devising.
“Finally she turned to her father’s old science of alchemy, and her light burned low into the long hours of the night, shining from the window of the small tower room she had once shared with her sister and, some say, in the mysterious cave known only to the Penmorvens.  This was how she eventually met the man who was to become her husband, also a traveller in the realms of the mysterious.  Together they searched, but they did not succeed, and one day he made the fateful trip, against his wife’s wishes, to search in the ocean itself.  She never saw him again, but she lived to carry on her work and her search, and to raise their child, and to nurse the broken dragon that lay in her care.
“And so the Penmorven family lived, hated and feared amongst the villagefolk, solitary, mysterious, and always searching, for the delivery of Southmore lies only in their hands.  So far, none have succeeded.”
“And where do you come into all of this?” Arlen asked then, and her voice was hard.
Mac looked at the floor.  The others could not see his face, but his shoulders heaved, and it seemed that he was struggling with a painful emotion.  It was a few moments before he seemed able to turn again and face the small party.
“I was a sailor,” he said then, softly, and his eyes suddenly seemed alive with a blue brightness such as they must have held in his youth.  “I was born in Edinburgh, and spent my childhood surrounded by the tales of my forefathers and their deeds.  But I was restless, and longed to be away, and when I was fifteen I joined the crew of a small cargo ship headed for the Americas.  I have never been back home since, but I have sailed all over the world, and have seen most things and most people – and yet – the one I have seen that I most wanted, I was unable to have.
“It was the late thirties, I remember, just before the Second War, and I was on a ship delivering gold from America.  We landed in Penzance, and I had a few days’ leave and decided to explore the country.  It was strange, the way I arrived in Southmore.  I, myself a navigator, lost my way reading the map, and here I landed.  It was a cold day, and the sky and sea were the way they always look here, cold and murky and grey.  I was walking along the cliffside, and it was then that I saw her – your grandmother, I mean.  She was standing on the edge of the cliff, gazing out at the waters, and her image was so beautiful, so – melancholy – I could not help but be drawn to her.
“She was lovely and gracious, and yet – she had her heart set on another, someone she had met in London, and I – I was – so jealous and heartbroken, I did something – I have been ashamed of ever since.”
The three listeners were waiting with bated breath, their faces, Robbie’s particularly, taking on apprehensive expressions.
“I had signed myself off the ship returning to the States – I had to be where she was, you understand – and I waited, but she did not want me.  I had picked up hints about the history of the place, and I resolved – I was mad in my feelings for her – I wasn’t thinking – I resolved – to seek out Penvynne and to – to strike a bargain with him.”
The room was silent for a moment.  Arlen closed her eyes and found herself standing, suddenly, on the edge of the cliff, bitterly cold, watching the scene play before her again.  Mac, very much like Robbie, was standing on the cliff edge with Penvynne, whose cloak billowed in the anguished song of the wind, his finger red as blood with the seductive wink of the ruby ring.  Mac’s voice seemed to continue very faintly in the background.
“It was still the pearls he was after – their power – and I had guessed that their care had been passed to her.  I – I promised him – that if I should have her – I would bring him the pearls – I wasn’t thinking straight – I loved her so much – I wanted her – and I didn’t care about anything else.  The pact was sealed with blood, and I went to search for her.  But my heart was heavy when I found her with her intended, and it suddenly became clear to me what I had done.  I knew that the broken pact would mean my life, and I grew frightened.  I took a large pearl that I had found on one of my journeys and threw it into the sea, foolishly thinking that he would be tricked.  As the gem hit the waters I heard a huge roar and the seas rose up against me, and I was lucky to escape with my life.  I walked the ten miles to St Ives, and from there caught a train towards Southampton and left for Australia with the next ship.  My journeys around the world resumed, and many years later I met my wife in New York, where your father was born, Robbie, and we lived there for some time, as you know.  I never thought I should return to Southmore, although it preyed endlessly upon my mind.  My son grew to manhood, and eventually his job took him to London, where he met your mother and you were born, Robbie.  My wife died shortly after that – cancer – and I – I didn’t know what to do with myself.  My travelling days over, my nights haunted by the memories of my past, I resolved to return to Southmore and pay the price of my selfishness, to see the end of the tragedy.
“And here I have waited.  I have been lucky to escape Penvynne this long – a sailor myself, I know a few tricks of the waters.  I saw your mother grow up and run off to London, girls – I saw her deliver you, Arlen, into her aunt’s care, and I have watched for your return, Alice.  My time is almost up now – I know it – I cannot run much longer.  It has been too long and I am too tired.  I would have liked to have seen the end of it.  The only advice I can give you is to use your instincts – listen to yourselves.  You have inherited a long and painful history, and I hope it will finish with you.”  He stopped, his face haggard, his voice cracking.  The three listeners were silent, Robbie looking a bit stunned, Alice thoughtful, and Arlen – Arlen white and frozen and still.  She was still on the cliff edge, the wind coaxing around her, and the ruby beckoning.  Penvynne turned suddenly, looking over Mac’s shoulder so that she could see into his face, and it seemed that his grey eyes mirrored her own and bored through her, and in that instant she felt the sharp stab inside her as the ruby made its mark upon her soul.  She could not look away, and when she met his gaze, pale and triumphant, he turned and seemed to smile a little, and it was then that she realised that Alice and Robbie were bending worriedly over her, and Mac was mumbling instructions for tea in a broken voice.  She sat up slowly, and smiled, and for a second Alice didn’t feel that she recognised her at all.  But she was prevented from saying anything by a furious knocking at the door.
“Open up, old man.  I know they’re in there.”
Alice looked at Arlen, startled.  “It’s Aunt Maud.”
The small company was silent for a few moments as the frenzied pounding continued, and Mac finally dragged himself up, falteringly.
“I’ll deal with her,” he said, his voice hoarse.  “Robbie, go with the girls to the cave.  That’s the safest place right now.”
“There is no cave,” Arlen turned to face him, and her voice was broken.  “Not any more.”
Mac looked searchingly at her, his eyes once again keen and blue.  “Then you will know best which path to follow,” he said softly.  “For I cannot help you now.”  They stared at each other for a moment, as if some silent conversation were taking place between them, and then Arlen marched deliberately to the door and opened it wide.
The thunder cracked outside in a terrifying roar, and Aunt Maud was illuminated in the silver glow of lightning, her face wild and triumphant, her greying hair loose and streaming behind her in the wind.  But it was her eyes that frightened Alice most, eyes which seemed to stare straight through them and beyond them to some other purpose, eyes tinted with an unearthly reddish glow.
“Arlen?  Arlen, what are you doing?”  Alice ran to her quickly and tried to pull her back.
“I’m seeing it through!” Arlen cried with a strange laugh, and her voice was high and unnatural.  “Fulfilling our destiny – isn’t that what we’re supposed to be doing?  Isn’t that what we’re here for?” and she stared defiantly at Aunt Maud, her eyes glistening with challenge.  Her aunt seemed confused suddenly, and now the lightning had ceased she once again appeared to fade back into the drab grey woman they had known before.  Still, when she reached a hand out for each of them her grip was like cold iron, and, without a word to Mac, she marched them along the pier and through the village and back onto the Beach Road.
“All this trouble,” she muttered to herself.  “What a mess they’ve made.  And we could have done it at the beginning.  Do you hear me, you two?  Putting up with you both running wild for this long, and especially you,” and she twisted Arlen round towards her, her face so close that Arlen could smell her sour breath, and then she raised her hand to deliver such a terrific slap that Alice could feel the vibration on her own skin.  Fury overtook her and she lunged at Aunt Maud, only to receive the same harsh belt as her sister.  “That’s right.  There are two of you now.  All those years – all those years wasted – keeping house for my precious sister and her family, a dumping ground, that’s all.  I should have taken you out when the pair of you were first together – I knew it – I told him so.  But he wanted to wait – he wanted to test you.  I told him there’d be nothing to worry about, and I kept you safe and out of the way of the wailers, as he asked.  But you wouldn’t listen.  You never listen,” and she shook Arlen like a rag doll with one hand, keeping Alice firmly at bay in the other with a strength that seemed not her own.
“Well, now my precious nieces, we will find out what you’re really made of.  The prize capture – what he wanted all along.  Tonight will be the real test and I – ” her voice dropped suddenly and her face took on a wandering expression.  “I will have peace.”
By this time they had turned off the Beach Road and onto the sand, picking their way through the rubble of the previous night towards the circle.  Aunt Maud dragged them ruthlessly across the sand to the water’s edge, and the wind seemed to rise on a crescendo and the waves hurl and crash to the shore as she held their hands high and called to the dark water.  “Penvynne!  I have brought them.  The pair.  The gems.  Penvynne!  Do as you will!” and Alice suddenly found her hand released, red and throbbing, as Aunt Maud cried and fell suddenly, and Robbie appeared behind her, fierce and shaking and armed with an old sword from his grandfather’s collection.
“That’s it – come on!” Robbie cried, extending his hands as the waves roared in fury and Alice turned.  But Arlen stood still, staring at the water.  
“Arlen – come on,” Alice tugged at her frantically.  “What’s wrong?”
“It will never be finished,” Arlen replied dully, after a few moments.  “We have to finish it.  I can’t do it on my own.  Promise me you’ll come for me.  Don’t leave me this time.”  And it seemed once again that Imogen stood before her, as if in a mirror, and beckoned her forward.
“What do you mean?”  Alice’s eyes grew black, and she seized her twin by the shoulders, terrified by the blank expression that appeared in her eyes.
“One went forward, one stayed back,” Arlen said softly.  “We have to face him.  Just promise me you’ll come.”
“I promise, but I – ” and she stopped, for Arlen, Arlen as she knew her, was gone.  Her shell crumbled into the sand, and Robbie picked her up gently, her eyes wide and staring, and was preparing to carry her back when Alice stopped him.
“No – no, leave her!  She has to do this,” and her voice was raw and ragged as she held her charm firmly between her fingers, and waited.
The way was dark and smooth.  The waters had seemed to part for her, and she was making her way up the cool sand within green glass walls, towards the pinpoint of red light that flickered before her.  All was calm and silent.  Even the wind had ceased, and the miserable cries of his victims were hushed.  The anguish that had torn through her – that Isobel had left her, that Isobel had chosen, and she had not been the choice – had dulled, and she felt cold and passionless.  She seemed to have seen this before; he had called to her several times already, as if showing her the way, and she was not surprised when she found herself in the round, dark room, littered with ancient writings and archaic scientific instruments, like a replica of the room in which he had worked with her ancestor centuries ago.  In an old tarnished mirror standing opposite she could see herself, and her image was decked in the flowing hair and jewels and old fashioned dress of Imogen, who had gone before.
“You have come.”
The voice seemed to issue from her own head rather than from a real voice outside it, and it was soft and blurred, the words bleeding and merging into each other like a snake’s hiss.  His back was towards her.
“I have,” she answered steadily, stealing glances around the small space, not trusting him.  She had felt that she would know what to do when the time came, that the moment and action would hit her like a ray of light from above, but she wasn’t so sure now.  She had only herself to rely on.
“I have waited for you,” the voice came sidling through her mind once again.  “For many years I have waited, patiently, and I have watched carefully, from the moment that your mother abandoned you.  You must have known from that, that you were destined for something else.”
He’s just trying to disarm me, Arlen thought to herself, momentarily taken off guard by the mention of her mother.  She knew he had said it on purpose, and yet she couldn’t check the rising, helpless feeling of anger that rose in her whenever she was reminded of the woman who had left her.  Her mother.  Isobel.  What was wrong with her?
“That’s right,” the voice explored the corners of her brain in a soft, unctuous murmur, and she furiously sought to stamp it out.  “That’s right.  Why fight it?  You are right to feel as you do.  So many people think only of themselves.  So many take advantage.  And what are you left with?  An anger you cannot control.  Feelings of disillusionment, helplessness, abandonment.  I found this out many years ago, long before your time.  I had hoped that Imogen would help me to realise my dream, as her father did, before he stupidly lost courage.  But Imogen was not as strong as you, Arlen,” and the words slid, thick and slimy, like a snake belly, filling her brain.  “You are stronger.  You can help me.  It’s what Penmorven wanted to do, all those years ago, centuries ago, before he lost the way.  Give people their dreams, indulge their fantasies, find the truth.  They cling to me, even now, for fulfilment.”
“You’ve stolen their dreams,” Arlen answered, shaking at the sound of her own voice which rang clearly in the swirling black walls around her, throbbing inside her own head like an amplifier.  “You’ve taken their souls.  Conned them.  You’re a thief.”
“I am a guide.  Oh Arlen, can you not see the future?  The power in people’s minds, the yearning in their souls?  And yet they don’t really know what they want.  To give them the way – ”
“The way to death,” Arlen replied, scornfully.
“And it’s so much better out there?” the voice continued, smooth and seductive.  “A world of twisted paths and blind hopes and sure disappointment at the end.  It’s better there?  At least, here, they know.  They do not have the misery of endless hoping, constant pursuing, a lifetime of broken dreams, for nothing at the end.  They come to me.”
“And you betray them.”
“I give them what they want.  Their dreams.  Do you not know, child, that to live in dreams is nothing but a slow death?”  He turned then, and his face was sharp and grey, his hard eyes holding her gaze like magnets, drilling into her soul.  He held his hand towards her, long and bony, his fingernails pointed and sharp.  “Look at the ruby.  See how it winks and shines.  Magical.  Can you blame them for choosing its brightness?”
“For what?” Arlen asked, bitterly.  “An endless prison?”
“A prison of their own choosing.  Their desires.”  He smiled, and it was like a shark grinning.  “These things don’t come for free, you know.  Look, child.”
And the jewel winked and glittered before her, and she felt herself flying on outspread wings, away, away from Southmore forever, to a place where she had no history and no destiny, a place where she was just – herself.
“You are tempted, child.”  She felt the words slither softly within her.  “Even you are tempted.  And why shouldn’t you be?  You, who have been imprisoned here for so long, the remnant of a decaying family, living in a dilapidated castle.  Their time has long gone, and they have left you mouldering in a open grave.  Even your sister has been to places you can never see from here.  Why you, Arlen?  Why always you?”
Arlen was shaking now.  Before her Penvynne seemed to swell, his granite frame contending with the flowing, sliding tentacles that grew from him like a huge underwater spider, an octopus, beast of the deep, hard grey eyes unblinking as the ruby winked and beckoned.
“Just imagine, Arlen, if we had the pearls.  Penmorven was right to try and separate them, albeit for the wrong reason.  Stupid man, didn’t he know that the goodness weakened it.  Separating them only allowed the darkness to feel its strength.  Strength is what you need in this world, Arlen.  Without it you are – left behind.”
Arlen was having difficulty breathing, as if she had suddenly realised how small the enclosed space was, with the sea pounding mercilessly overhead, and the tentacles coiling around her brain with their soft suggestions.
Left behind.  She was always left behind.  First her parents, and then Aunt Maud, and even Alice hadn’t offered to come with her, she thought, forgetting Alice’s promise.  Just like Isobel.  Just like Isobel, all those years before, thinking more of herself and her work than her own twin.  The mirror before her cracked, and her image splintered into a million fragments.  She could feel the hard smoothness of the black pearl in her pocket, resting against her hip.
“Yes – yes, child,” the voice moved within her again.  “You have chosen the stone of importance.  It will give you all you want.  Let me have it, and I will help you.  You’ll never be alone again.  You’ll be mine.”
Arlen’s hand was in her pocket.  She could feel the power of the stone course through her like electricity, humming and vibrating in her hand.  She could not release herself to it.  He was there, inside her mind – he would find it.
“That’s right.  That’s right, child,” came the voice.  “Abandon yourself to it.”
Abandon, abandon, abandon.
The word echoed and reeled around her head like a pinball game.  Abandon yourself.  The sound seemed to caress her, sliding around her like arms, the one thing she could depend on.  The ruby winked before her and held her gaze, blood red and hungry, and she looked deeply into it and saw the tired, careworn face of Penmorven, searching for his lost daughter, searching for the goodness he could not find, the goodness he wanted to give.  She saw the white face of Imogen, so like her own, twisted in passion and anguish, and, next to it, the intense, seeking gaze of Isobel – Isobel, who had never ceased searching, but had not gone after her.  She could see the ageing, lonely, jealous countenance of Aunt Maud, growing quickly from a hopeful young girl to a faded, resentful, lost old woman, searching desperately for a life that she knew was not destined to her.  And the face of her mother, the care, the pressure of a baby, the need for escape, the fear of never achieving what she wanted.  And herself.  She could see her own reflection winking back at herself in the bloodlight, and another beside her, Alice, so like and yet so different, and she was still alone.  And she let her mind drift along the path of abandon, through the scales, the sudden freedom ringing through her like a released spring.  And Penvynne smiled and nodded, and he slipped the ring from his finger and onto Arlen’s left hand.
“Now give me the pearl,” he said, and the slithering voice was greedy and expectant.  Arlen felt for the pearl, warm and throbbing between her fingers, and her hand was heavy with the stolen life of the red jewel.  She had opened her mind to it, and all she could see was the darkness, the gaping mouths and empty eyes and pitiful cries of the poor, abandoned, lost souls duped by it.  Abandon yourself.  He had chosen the wrong words.  For while she may have been abandoned by everyone else, she would not abandon herself.  He wanted blood, Penmorven blood, and he would have it.  And she lifted her hand out of her pocket, slow and heavy with the ruby, and brought it in a furious smash against the whirling glass wall of the cavern.  The stone shattered, and her face and hands were covered with blood as the sea rushed in through the broken wall, choking, smothering her.  She could see Penvynne’s face turn to a mask of fury, and the strange hybrid form rose and swelled, until there before her was the monster who had claimed her ancestors before her.
“Yours!” she cried, fighting to climb above the waves.  “I’ll never be yours!”  And she sank below the water.

“What’s happening?”  Robbie, who was still holding onto Arlen’s lifeless body, could see the waves churning in fury, hissing in anger, as the black tentacles thrashed the surface like thunderbolts.
“I have to go to her,” Alice said, and prepared to walk into the water.
“Are you crazy?” Robbie pulled her back.  “You’ll be killed.  It’s bad enough that one of you – ” he stopped, his voice breaking.
“Don’t you see?” Alice said gently, and held out the white pearl, which lit the scene before them like a gentle candle.  “This is my part now.  Arlen was here from the beginning, she had to start it.  But I have to help finish it.  Stay with her,” she told him, as if Arlen had somehow split into two people.  She held the pearl before her in her open hand, and the sea drew back and parted until she could walk right through the mist and the damp.  The jewel glowed luminously in her palm and lit the way, and the waves roared and spat around her but did not touch her.
The path was straight and smooth, but it seemed endless, and she began to tire after what seemed like hours of walking.  The walls of water threatened to move in closer and closer still, and the icy breath hissed around her ears and cheeks, and even with the gentle warmth of the pearl resting in her palm, she could feel herself grow cold all over.  She mustn’t falter, she must – focus.  But it grew harder and harder, and the path seemed to lead to nowhere and she could find no trace of Arlen or their foe.  Her courage was not gone, but she was beginning to doubt her way, and as if in answer she could feel a puddle streaming and foaming around her feet in a lacy, icy froth.  It was then that she stopped, for she had come to a dead end.  A shining green glass of water blocked her way, and beyond it she could see her twin struggling, drowning, her lifeless left hand ringed by whirls of crimson blood.
“No!”  Alice pounded the wall desperately, hammering with the pearl when she found that her hands were no use.  The waters surged and swelled around her; she could feel them creeping in an icy flow up to her knees, and she shook with cold and fear but still she pounded on the wall and still she couldn’t break through.
“Let her go, you bastard!” she screamed, and screamed again as the wall of water suddenly splintered, shot through by a fleshy black tentacle which seized her around the waist and lifted her high before its gaping mouth and fiery eyes.  “Let – her – go,” her voice was fading now, and she could barely breathe.
“I had such high hopes for you two,” came the voice, ringing through her head until it felt as though it would explode.  “Why do you fight against destiny?  But as you will not come of your own free will, I must take other measures.”  And Alice froze as she gazed into the awful mouth, a red tunnel of gaping flesh, teeth like pincers.
“No,” she moaned desperately, her struggles now slow and futile.
“Stupid children,” said the voice, “to think you could stop me.  Your ancestors have failed all these years.  Why should you be able to fight what is your own future?”  And a long white human arm rose from the black, scaly body of the creature, and the pale bony hand opened to reveal the black pearl.
Alice’s face paled.  Then Arlen was –
“Yes, child,” the voice murmured softly.  “Your sister tried to fight and she could not escape.  Like Imogen, so long ago.  Her sister did not follow, and yet the outcome is still the same.  And now, like all those before you, you will come with me,” and Alice felt herself raised into the air and the drop below was nothing but the terrifying mouth.  She closed her eyes faintly, and felt all go black.  She could see Arlen before her, sinking, dropping like a stone, and yet she could hear her voice clearly, the conversations coming back into her mind as if listening to a recording, “– part of each other – cannot exist without the other – ” and it seemed suddenly that it was not Arlen speaking at all but another girl, very like her, in a deep wine coloured dress.  The words circled around and around her head like a charm until she knew what she must do, and she opened her palm wide to reveal the white pearl, pale and brilliant, and threw it directly into the creature’s face.  It spun through the air in an arc, leaving a sparkling trail of white behind it, and the black pearl rose from the centre of Penvynne’s hand at its call, rising up to meet it.  For a moment the two orbs hovered before each other in midair, like the moment before an eclipse, and then suddenly they merged in one blinding flash which cut through the sea and the sky like a sword, slitting the thick grey clouds like a fish’s belly and admitting the brilliant glare of the sun, which struck through the gaping rents in bright paths, illuminating the whole landscape.
Penvynne faltered and cringed as a sun ray ran through his open mouth like a bullet, and the dark flesh of the creature began to shrivel and burn until it disappeared in an enormous whirlpool, dropping Alice into the water, which felt warm and gentle and carried her slowly to an outpost of rock where she clung, shaking.
Around her, the village opened into the sunlight like a flower.  But where was Arlen?  She stood on the rock and called and called for her, and dived into the water time and time again, but Arlen did not appear, and Alice could not prevent her heart from sinking as she knew her sister’s life must be under those waves.
A glimmer of sunshine bobbing on the seafoam caught her attention, and she reached down, only to fish out Arlen’s charm.  “Oh no,” she whispered, and her heart fell and her skin seemed to crawl with fear.  She gazed out towards the coast, towards the faint figure of Robbie still bent over her sister’s body.  She had not come back.
Alice sat still, holding the two charms between her fingers.  She could not believe that Arlen was gone.  She could feel her; she was there, just lost, that’s all.  But how could she find her in the depths of the ocean?  And how could she find her in time?
“Please help me.  Please,” she whispered, her fingers running softly over the swirling curves of the charms.  “Mac said all the Penmorvens have the gift of magic to a certain extent.  Even if I never have it again, please help me this time.”  But the wind still whistled around her ears and the waves still lapped, even as the sun shone warmly down on her shoulders, and she stared hopelessly at the charms until it seemed that the curled patterns twined into each other, and she could see the figure of the dragon stalking restlessly behind them.  It was then that she saw the gateway.  Her heart a pressed spring of excitement, she held the charms together, fitting like the pieces of a puzzle until the gold moved and merged before her into a flowing gate, and the doors sprang apart to let the Penmorven dragon free.
It circled in the air for a few moments, as if flexing its wings and testing its strength, a radiant creature of fire and gold, and with a sudden glance at Alice dived clear into the waves and appeared a few moments later with Arlen, a dripping, lifeless Arlen, but still Arlen, and all around them rose shafts of rainbow light, singing from the waves on the wind, the centuries of victims suddenly free.  And Alice found herself clasped suddenly, gently, in an enormous claw, and flown smoothly back to shore, where Robbie’s grief-stricken face lit in wonder, and Arlen, cold and drawn on the sand, her left hand crushed and bloody and still wearing the traces of the ruby ring, began to cough and choke, and opened her eyes, which were a strange, beautiful violet colour in the new dawn.
They stared as the golden serpent rose aloft in the sky, glimmering amidst the glowing shafts of light, and faded, as if into the sun, before them.
Slowly, they made their way back through the crowds of cheering villagers to Mac’s rickety cottage at the end of the pier.  It had been a long day.
The old wooden planks were as soft and creaky as ever, and the painted gate, which had come loose again in the wind, was swinging noisily as they stumbled to the door.  The small lamp was still burning, but Mac did not appear.
“Grandad!  Grandad?” Robbie called, bursting through the door.  “Grandad, we’re back!”
“Where is he?” Alice whispered, looking around.
“I don’t know,” Robbie answered sharply, turning the other way.  He disappeared upstairs for a few moments, and when he reappeared he was shaking his head.
Meanwhile Arlen, still trembling and breathing quickly, had entered the balcony.  The others found her there, sitting silently by Mac, his body cold and frozen on the deck chair by the telescope, one eye still pressed to its round brass rim.
“Grandad,” Robbie said softly, and buried his face in the old man’s hair.
“He got what he wanted, though,” Arlen said, dully.  “He saw the end of it.”

It was several hours later, or at least it seemed so, when Mrs Trevallen found them holding their quiet vigil around the old man’s body, the newborn rays of sun shining pink and golden on their skin.  Everything seemed to be a blur after that, and much less real than all that had gone on before.  The villagers, as if reborn suddenly in the new sunlight, could not seem to do enough for the twins, and clustered around, praising them and petting them, much to Alice’s discomfort.  Arlen didn’t even seem to be aware of them.
Dr Trevallen pronounced Mac’s death to be the result of a sudden heart attack, and removed the body to the small parlour that Mac had rarely used, ready to be driven to the morgue at the hospital at St Ives the following day.
He gently set Arlen’s broken hand in a cast and sling, assuring her that it would be right as rain in a couple of months.  He also suggested that the twins and Robbie would be very welcome to spend the night at his house, and Mrs Trevallen agreed that this was the best idea, attempting to bundle them up in warm clothing “as if we were three year olds,” Alice muttered to Robbie in disgust.
Arlen had not seemed very aware of what was happening until that moment, but as Mrs Trevallen attempted to lead her to the car, she stopped short.  “I can’t,” she stammered, her own voice sounding strangely unfamiliar to her ears.  “I have to go home, I – what about Aunt Maud?”
Dr and Mrs Trevallen were silent for a few moments, and Alice stared at her sister with a puzzled expression, for all she could think of in relation to Aunt Maud was the vindictive glare of hatred and glowing eyes of the woman who had dragged them to the water’s edge to serve her own purposes.  But Arlen seemed quite distressed, and broke the silence with a cry.  “I must see her!  Where is she?  I have to go to her.”
“I wouldn’t worry about your aunt, dear,” Mrs Trevallen leaned over and patted her arm gently.  “She’s in another place now.”  And Arlen did not ask after her again.
It was a few days later when a tall, blonde woman, smartly dressed in a red suit and black heels, pulled up outside the Trevallens’ house and climbed the steps to ring the doorbell.
“Well, Margaret Penmorven!” the twins could hear Mrs Trevallen exclaim. 
“Hello, Elsie.  I got your message.  Where are they?”
“I’ll call them in a minute.  No need to shock them.  They don’t know yet.  It’s so lovely to see you.  And you’re so smart!  Was it a long drive?”
“Too long,” the woman answered, and shuddered slightly as she glanced around.  “You know, I’ve never been able to bring myself back here.  But I – well – circumstances are different now.”
“Yes, they are,” the older woman agreed.
“It’s so beautiful here,” Margaret commented.  “I can’t ever remember all this sun.”
“No – it’s quite recent,” said Mrs Trevallen.  “I’ll call them through.”
“Wait – Elsie,” and Margaret caught hold of her elbow.  “My aunt – what was she – ?”
“We like to think it was quick,” Mrs Trevallen said shortly.  “She was in the tower room when it crumbled.”
“The silly old woman,” Margaret shook her head.  “You know, for years I tried to get her to come and live with me and bring the child – I couldn’t bear to think of them in that dreary old castle.  We knew years ago that it was going to end up in the sea before long.  But she was so stubborn – she wanted to be near home, she said.  Some home.  I never could stand it here.  But I – don’t like to think of what happened to her.  Or of – Arlen – being exposed to it.  And now they’re together?  Alice too?”
“Yes, Alice too,” Mrs Trevallen smiled and went to the door.  “Girls, would you like to come in here?”
The twins looked at each other, and Alice held back slightly.  “It feels so strange.”
“Come on,” Arlen replied, grimly.  “It’s not over yet.”  And she clasped Alice’s hand tightly as they marched into the front room.
“Well, girls,” Mrs Trevallen beamed at them.  “Do you remember your mother?”
“No,” Arlen said shortly.  “Why should we remember our mother?”
The woman started and blushed then, as if taken off her guard.  “Hello, girls,” she said, clearing her throat slightly.  “Arlen.  Alice.”
“I’m Arlen,” Arlen corrected her, her face white and drawn.  “This is Alice.”
“Oh, of course,” said their mother, growing more embarrassed by the second.
“I’ll bring in some tea,” said Mrs Trevallen, and departed gracefully.  Margaret Penmorven looked rather as if she’d like to follow her.
“Well, girls,” she started again, trying to sound bright and lively.  “I should introduce myself.”
“I know who you are,” Arlen said.  “I’ve seen your picture.”
“Yes,” Alice agreed, feeling slightly like a bystander.  “So have I.”
“Oh,” said Margaret.  “Then at least you weren’t shocked,” and she tried to laugh.  It didn’t go down well.
“Now, girls,” she tried again after a few moments, feeling almost as if she were back in the office when the pitch wasn’t going as she’d anticipated.  “I – understand that you may not feel too happy about me.  I know – what I did was – wrong.  I shouldn’t have done it.  I know that.”  How much they looked like her mother, she thought.  And how she recognised the steely look in Arlen’s eyes, the resentment, the independence, so like Maud’s.  She could remember now, standing on the stone steps, leaving the little bundle with her aunt, desperate to make her way and escape the bleakness, and feeling terrified and guilty and wondering where her ex had taken Alice.  “I know,” she said softly.  “I shouldn’t have done it.  But I was only a teenager.  I couldn’t cope.  I had to find out – for myself.  I – I’m successful now.  I work for a public relations firm in the West End, and I have a lovely flat – big enough for all three of us – and I – I would love you to come and live with me.  I’ll try to make it right.”
“And after all,” came the soft voice of Mrs Trevallen, who had crept silently back in and was laying out cups and saucers.  “What choice do you have?”
It was true, and they all knew it.
“Don’t worry, dear,” Mrs Trevallen whispered to Margaret as she sent the twins to the car, clutching small carrier bags with really nothing in them.  “They’ll come around.  You all just – need a chance to know each other.”
“Yes – yes – I guess – you’re right,” Margaret said slowly, as she gazed on the small identical faces through the glass of the car window.  “Thank you so much.  I don’t know if we’ll be back.”
No, no, I don’t wonder,” agreed Mrs Trevallen, as she waved them off.  “They’ve been through enough here, poor dears.” 

The atmosphere was very still as the car wound its way through the tiny roads, back towards the motorway.  None of them could avoid glancing back at the jagged cliff edge, where the castle had once stood.  The girls could still see the remnants of their tower room in the ocean, like the last sentinel of a castle beneath the sea, and Arlen could almost see the images of the alchemist and Isobel and Imogen, along with a very young Mac.  Behind him, was a young woman, her hair loose in the breeze and flying around her bony face, and the hint of a smile playing on her lips.  They were staring at the car, from the pale sunlight amongst the ruins.  She could not suppress a small sob, and her eyes became wet and stinging.  For just a moment in the glint of the sun she thought she could see the outline of another young woman beyond them, her head bowed beneath a heavy hood, her arm outstretched and reaching.  Arlen turned her head sharply, but the image was gone, and she shrugged as she met Alice’s questioning gaze.  “I’m not used to the sunlight,” she said, softly, her stomach knotting into a tight ball.  She was still there, and if she wasn’t Imogen or Isobel, then who was she?  The name slipped into her head suddenly – Morwenna – and she turned cold as she realised that part of the puzzle remained unanswered.  Mac had not mentioned the name, and even if there had been a reason for it, he was no longer there to ask.  There was no reason that Robbie would know, even if he did follow up on his promise to keep in touch.  She bit her lip suddenly, and tightly gripped the small bag in her pocket that contained the fragments of the Penmorven ruby.
Alice, noticing, asked no more questions, but slid back silently in her seat, and watched the scenery flash past in a melting drizzle of sunwashed colour.
They had found the path to fulfil their task, and they had succeeded.  But there were no charms or legends to help them with the road that beckoned before them now, and, although they knew that they were together, both girls felt slightly uncomfortable. 
Margaret, glancing at them from time to time through the rearview mirror, sighed to herself, and wondered if she was doing the right thing.  But she couldn’t just leave them there.  Strange little creatures, they were, such intense little faces, neither really resembled she or Gary at all.  She sighed again.  It was going to be a long ride back to London.
###
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Ariel Dodson is a writer of fantasy books for adults and teenagers.  She currently lives in London and is working on the third instalment of the Southmore trilogy.  Watch out for the second book in the series, The Witch’s Sister, which is shortly to be published on Smashwords.  
COMING SOON
THE WITCH’S SISTER
Two years after the terrifying events at Southmore Arlen and Alice share a strained existence with their mother.  A holiday to Edinburgh seems just the thing to bring the family closer together.  But the voices of the past echo still, and when the tragic story of two sisters, victims of the Scottish witch hunts, reaches into the present, Arlen must call on an ancient power if she is to save her sister’s life.  But power comes at a price and Arlen will not be quite the same again, especially when Robbie MacKenzie, her ally from Southmore, reappears on the scene…
Read on for an extract from The Witch’s Sister, coming soon to Smashwords!
Chapter One
The car wound slowly around green pine hills, mini-forests of close, secretive darkness, a tiny memory of the once bountiful woodland which must have covered the area.  They were well over the border now, and their mother’s usually fast, impatient driving, designer shoe constantly down on the accelerator, had given way to a resigned lethargy.  The motorway had been busy – holiday time – and wet, and Arlen, seated alone in the backseat, had gazed blankly on a monotonous greyness through the blurring rivulets of water that ran down the pane in small streams.  They had left her alone.  Alice, in the front with their mother, had spent much of the journey occupied in switching CDs around with short breaks for Radio 4 news, as requested by Margaret.  Having stopped briefly for an undercooked, greasy fast food meal at a rest station, they had been back on their way for several hours, and once over the border the blank grey wall outside the window had given way to a dark greenery.  Even through the tear-stained windows Arlen could see the tall fronds swaying slightly in the breeze, whispering close, dark, forgotten secrets of the earth.  Had they even noticed her? she wondered idly.  Were humans of any consequence at all to them, until they felt the cold teeth of the chainsaw biting into their trunks?
Occasionally they passed a small stone farm, or a tiny gaggle of houses close together, but mostly it was tall hills with frowning trees.  Arlen leant her forehead against the window and felt the condensation gather on her skin with slimy fingers.  She had caught a small glimpse of the sea when they crossed over, a quick glimmer of sun and blue water revealed by a temporary break in the clouds, but it was alien and she drew her jacket more closely around her.
“Are you alright back there?” her mother’s voice broke through for a second, as it had done for intervals throughout the trip, and, not really expecting an answer, then resumed its conversation with Alice about the house and holiday plans.  Oh Margaret had tried, there was no doubt about that, but after two years she had grown used to her eldest daughter’s long silences and her strange, deep eyes that turned to look through and beyond her when she addressed them.  The twins had clung together the first few months.  Margaret had never entirely unravelled the story of the girls’ meeting in Southmore and, to be perfectly honest, didn’t really want to know.  The thought of her childhood home in the tiny Cornish village gripped her like ice at the heart – so far away from everything that mattered, so behind the times, so strange.  In a way, she could attempt to understand Arlen’s reticence – poor child, all alone there for twelve years except for ancient Aunt Maud, who had always had a plank or two missing if Margaret remembered correctly.  But such sympathetic thoughts usually allowed other memories to surface, namely the splitting of the twins as babies between their parents, and the teenage Margaret, driving down one gale-blown, soaking day, to deliver baby Arlen into that life.  No wonder the girl didn’t feel that she could trust her, and that was what Margaret did feel when Arlen turned her strange, bright gaze on her mother.  She wasn’t trusted.  And although she couldn’t blame her daughter, she preferred to switch off from those feelings of guilt and think about something more positive, which wasn’t hard, as the PR firm she worked for had recently landed a large museum contract and the work had been pouring in.  That was one of the reasons she had finally decided to opt for the holiday in Edinburgh and Barney’s recommendation of the traditional Scottish house available for rent over the summer.  Barney Thompson had been the firm lawyer almost as long as Margaret had worked there, and they had had an on-again, off-again relationship for years.  Currently they were back on, and Margaret had been torn between taking the girls on holiday to Hawaii with him or spending some quality time, as the saying went, alone with her daughters.  
Not that she hadn’t tried already.  She had taken several weeks off when she had first collected them from Cornwall – tiny, thin creatures with enormous eyes and haunted expressions.  Neither would talk about what had happened there except in vague terms, and a child psychologist friend of a colleague had suggested that it was probably best to let them get around to it themselves.  Love and trust come first, tackle the other problems later.  And she had tried.  Talking with them, taking them out, telling them about work.  She had pulled strings and got them into a good school, had attended every parent-teacher night, and helped them with their homework.  Arlen more than Alice, poor thing.  Her education had been seriously neglected, and although she could outshine any of the others in the reading department, was decidedly deficient in other areas and needed an awful lot of extra work.  She had thought about a learning assistant, except that it made it look as if Arlen was troubled or mentally challenged in some way, and she hadn’t felt it was fair.  So she had engaged a private tutor and given up time herself.  There had been some progress, but the annoying thing was that she always had the feeling that Arlen was quite capable of quick study, it was just that she didn’t see the point and couldn’t be bothered.  She had tried to explain to her about the modern world but this was hard, especially when the child had grown up amongst a village of elderly people still living as if it were centuries earlier.
It was strange, too, that the closer she and Alice seemed to grow, the more strained the twins’ relationship appeared.  The household had altered from the girls huddled and whispering secretively together in a corner, to Margaret and Alice becoming the best of friends and Arlen always seeming to be the spare part.  This was through no fault of theirs, Margaret was sure.  They had both tried to include her, but she didn’t seem to be interested.  In some way, it seemed as if she was still living in Southmore in her mind, and she became more and more introverted as the months went on.  She constantly carried a small velvet pouch in her pocket, and occasionally would take it out and peer into it like a sybil, so that Margaret couldn’t help but wonder what it was Aunt Maud had actually been teaching her.  Once she had come upon her by surprise, with the contents of the pouch spilled over her hand like fiery drops of blood, but when she had sensed someone behind her she had drawn the fragments quickly together in her closed fist and disappeared into her room.  Margaret had had a vague, frightening sense of having seen them somewhere before, and had suffered strange dreams for the next few nights about a dark, tossing sea and a white hand, some recurrent nightmare from her childhood that she had submerged well into herself and forgotten all about.  She had watched Arlen more closely from that time, a fear growing silently in her heart for her strange, lost daughter.
Alice had been suspicious at first and very protective of her sister, recognising how new everything was to her.  Alice had been badly raised as well by Gary, their good-for-nothing father, a small time gambler and crook, although Margaret hadn’t known that when she married him.  The relationship hadn’t lasted long, any feelings well over before the twins were born, but Gary had insisted that he have one of them, as if they were things rather than people, simply because he didn’t like to feel he was missing out, and Margaret, at nineteen and in the throes of a severe depression, hadn’t felt able to cope with one baby let alone two.  So Arlen had ended up in Cornwall with Aunt Maud, and Alice had spent the first twelve years of her life on the run with her father, dodging the law and occasionally bullets, and often living out of peanut and biscuit packets at hotels, where her father would leave her alone for long periods of time, out on his “business trips”.  Margaret felt as though she would kill him if she ever saw him again, but then, she had let him take Alice, knowing full well he wouldn’t – couldn’t – be a responsible parent.  She had been so determined to make it up to them, and Alice, after her initial hostility which Margaret couldn’t help but feel was partially echoed from Arlen, had become good friends with her mother and had settled well into London life.  A stable home, stable school, and the modern, predictable world she was used to, had left Alice chatty and excited and happy.  She had tried to encourage Arlen to enjoy her new life, but Arlen had appeared to regard this as some sort of traitorous behaviour.  Margaret had hinted to Alice for the story, but Alice had remained tightlipped, and at one point had departed to her room in tears.  Therapy might be on the cards eventually, but Arlen had been through enough for the moment, and Margaret was determined to give her as much space as she needed.
That was one of the reasons she had chosen this holiday and the freedom of a large rented house, just outside of Edinburgh, and complete with housekeeper and gardener, where she could switch off the phone and the laptop and be with her girls for a full month before the onslaught of the new account in September.  She needed to know them properly, and after two years of trying still didn’t feel as if she had scratched much of the surface.  It was funny – they looked identical, except for the fact that Alice was growing her hair out like the other girls at school, while Arlen maintained the chin length blunt bob with its sharp fringe that she had always had – and yet they seemed so different.  Alice was very much like her, she felt, and could adapt quickly.  But Arlen – 
And it wasn’t as if she was like her father – no, there was nothing subtle or mysterious or deep about Gary.  His cockney bluntness, which had been different and thrilling, and even a little bit dangerous to her when she was a teenager, now filled her with a cold, sick shudder.  His quick temper, his selfishness, his long nights out without telling anyone – and she had let him take one of their girls.  She brushed Alice’s hair back from her face with a quick, fierce gesture.  Alice turned and smiled, still singing along with her CD.  But Arlen – although at times her face took on an expression which oddly reminded her of Aunt Maud – she didn’t know at all.
“How much longer?” Alice asked then, breaking sharply into her reverie.  She had removed the current CD from the player and was contemplating the next one.
“Oh, ah,” Margaret tried to collect her thoughts, “about ten minutes into the city, I think.  It’s been a little while since I’ve been up here.  Why don’t you leave the CDs for a while and we’ll see if we can get any inkling of the weather for the next few days.”
“OK,” Alice slid back in her seat with a magazine and Margaret, thankfully it must be admitted, switched the radio back on.
“That’s good,” she remarked after a few minutes.  “We may be in luck.  Clear skies until Sunday at least.”
But she was talking to herself, for Alice was engrossed with reading and Arlen, as always, was lost in her own world.  Margaret sighed, and pretended it was just her and the radio.
Alice perked up as the scenery began to scatter and the blackened buildings of Old Town sprang up around them in a concrete smoke.  She had been to Edinburgh once before with her father, but had not been allowed out to see anything, although she knew the interior of the hotel very well.  She leaned forward with excitement as the car made its way up Lothian Road and turned right into Princes Street, past the Castle.
But the short gasp came suddenly from Arlen in the back, and Margaret smiled to herself, pleased that a reaction had been gained.  “It’s beautiful, isn’t it,” she said. 
Arlen felt cold suddenly, the Castle grim and foreboding on the black rock, winking in the pale sunlight, tourists crawling like brightly coloured ants to the top.  It seemed familiar somehow, dangerously familiar, and she had felt a sudden flash as if of fire all around her, while from within the flames a pair of cat-green eyes suddenly blinked before her in the car window, as though borrowing her own face, just for an instant, and then she was staring into her own grey eyes once more.  In the sudden horror of the second she could almost feel those other grey eyes piercing, waiting.  It couldn’t be, she thought quickly, trying to quench the sudden panic.  It’s just imagination, like all the dreams.  We’ve seen the last of him.  Alice saw him shatter.  It can’t be him.
But if it wasn’t him, she wondered then, pulling her thin jacket more closely around her, then who was it?

ALSO BY ARIEL DODSON
BLOOD MOON
Auvergne, 1588. A young nobleman severs a wolf's paw as a trophy for his wife. But the contents of the bloody package prove to be something far more terrifying ... 
A chance meeting with young lord, Etienne Sanroche, catapults 15 year old Laure Beaumains from her isolated forest home into the glittering artifice of the castle. But the lure of the natural world proves too strong, and when Laure is attacked by a creature of the forest, the tragic events that follow test Laure and Etienne's love and lives to an unimaginable limit. For a wolf cannot be tamed, and thwarted freedom bites in blood...
Purchase Blood Moon at http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/315456

Follow Ariel Dodson on Twitter at DodsonAriel





 

 



