DARK HEART
Volume I
Edited by Katie M. John


Contributions by 
Andrea Janes
Jessica Zeidler
Tammy Bašić
Linda Foster
Marya Heiman
Bethany Rockey
Laurie Lyons
Copyright © 2013 Little Bird Publishing House and The contributing authors; Andrea Janes, Jessica Zeidler, Tammy Basic, Linda Foster, Marya Heiman, Bethany Rockey and Laurie Lyons. 

LONDON.
All rights reserved.
DARK HEART & NIGHT SHADE PROJECT
Published by Little Bird Publishing 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
(This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
No part of this publication maybe copied either in print or electronically without the written 
permission of the authors. They can be contacted through littlebirdpublishinghouse@yahoo.com

The copyright and intellectual rights of these included works belongs entirely to the contributing authors and is overseen by Little Bird Publishing House. 



ABOUT ‘Dark HEART’
New and emerging talent. 


The ‘Dark Heart’ anthology is a collection of Dark Fairy Tales and Paranormal tales designed to introduce you to new and talented authors. 
Many of the authors included in the ‘Dark Heart’ anthologies are emerging authors who have either recently published their first novel or who will be doing so shortly.  
Dark Heart is about the art of storytelling. 
Each story in this eclectic mix is rich in imagination, creativity and character.  We are sure you will love them as much as the editorial team does. 


Thank you for buying ‘Dark Heart’. We hope that you will become a regular reader of our ‘Dark Heart’ publications. 
All profits after costs from Volume One of ‘Dark Heart’ will be going to ‘Young Minds’, a charity selected by our authors. Young minds is a charity that works with young people with mental health issues; an issue close to many of our hearts. 

We hope you discover a new author through the reading of this anthology. 


Little Bird Publishing House would like to take this opportunity to thank the contributing authors for sharing their wonderful stories with us. 





CONTENTS

GLAMOUR by Andrea Janes
WICKED GAMES by Tammy Bašić
NIGHTMARE by Marya Heiman & Bethany Rockey
CONDEMNED by Linda Foster
SONG OF THE MOTH by Katie M. John
RUMPLESTILTSKIN by Jess Zeidler
THE HEART TREE by Laurie Lyons

ABOUT OUR AUTHORS


GLAMOUR
By

Andrea Janes

I hate summer. It’s when the tourists descend on our town in droning swarms and I have to smile, scoop ice cream and pretend not to hate them. They come here and they lie in the sand and get sunburned, buy souvenir Cape Cod sweatshirts and walk up and down the main drag endlessly. And me, oh lucky me, I get to serve them. I work at Scoops, one of two-dozen kitschy ‘olde’ ice-cream ‘shoppes’ on Westervelt’s main drag. There’s ‘Scoops and Cups’ and ‘Cones and Cows’ and ‘Dips’ – wacky names that just scream fun, fun, fun! And we scoop your ice cream, we scoop it with a smile because we have to make enough money between Memorial Day and Labor Day to last long after the fog rolls in and coats The Cape in mist, and we virtually disappear to the outside world. 
The only two good things about the ‘Summer People’ are that eventually they go away, and they keep a social distance. You don’t have to worry about worlds colliding: our worlds colliding would be very, very stressful.  
Which is why when one of them started working with us, I was so annoyed. 
Her name was Reese. Can you believe it? Reese was skinny, of course, and blonde, of course. She had one of those perfect little faces with the blue eyes and tiny noses – you know the type. The kind of face that never gave its owner a moment’s worry because it was never shiny, never unruly, never breaking out wantonly at inopportune moments. It was a perfectly well-behaved face. 
Next to Reese, I was a troll. Short and sweaty, dark and hairy; half-Portuguese. I had a nose of substance, with pores of great capacity, eyebrows that required vigilant maintenance, and very large, very unfortunate D-cups that were a burden and a curse. I don’t need to run down the indignities of life as a busty teenage girl; you already know what they are. You already know, for example, that for most of ninth and tenth grade I had no first name as far as the boys were concerned. For them, it was enough to call me ‘Tits’. “Morning, Tits.” “Whassup, Tits?” Not that I had a first name as far as the girls were concerned either. They tended to use my last name more, which, according to them was ‘Slut’, or sometimes ‘McSlut’ (I did have that Glamorous job at McDonalds for a while, after all). 
Reese, of course, sported the regulation shorts and t-shirt in size double negative-zero, flaunting a carefree physique that had never endured the horrors of boob-sweat. At Scoops we are allowed to wear pretty much any kind of shorts – and some girls really stretch it, I mean, they go short – and plain t-shirts, either plain black or plain white. 
I go for black. In fact, even when not in uniform, I can pretty much always be found in my plain, black, Fruit of the Loom t-shirt. I’ve discovered it’s best not to call attention to that area.
Now I don’t know if I have to spell it out for you, but as far as Reese and I went, my decided unpopularity with the other townies meant certain disaster. Think about it. Generally, whenever there’s an unpopular new kid, they head on over to whoever else they consider an outcast and latch on to them, figuring hey, “I can make friends with this person! Nobody likes them either!” 
To my horror, Reese decided to latch on to me.  She was always asking me questions, always singling me out, always smiling at me, and always saying my name. All day she kept it up. 
“Christina, where do we keep the extra napkins?”, “Christina, what’s in a double-fudge swirl?”, “Christina where are the marshmallows?” 
I wanted to scream at her, “Go away! I don’t like you!” 
At about three o’clock on that first day of the season, Bridget brought out the tip jar. She does this every year, to encourage her minions to work harder. The tip jar is nothing but a big silver coffee canister with a piece of copy paper labeled, “College Fund.” All the kids who are in college, or headed to it in the fall, write the names of their schools. 
We passed the jar around. There were five kids besides Reese and myself working there that summer: Emily, Mike, Matt, Rachel and Dev (short for Devin). I knew most of them from school. Emily and Rachel had been part of the team that coined the wonderfully imaginative name, ‘McSlut’. I thanked God that most of these people would be going far, far away to college in the fall and I wouldn’t have to see them much. 
I watched as they wrote on the tip jar. Dev wrote Boston College, Matt, Rutgers. Mike wrote Ithaca, and Emily wrote Penn State (far enough, I suppose) and Rachel wrote Amherst. Damn. Too close for comfort, I was hoping she’d go to the Juneau Alaska Community College. 
Then Reese got the magic marker and tip jar. Her hand hesitated for a second, poised in mid-air. It hovered, then wrote, “Harvard.” Of course it did. Of course. 
She passed the jar and magic marker to me. I stared at her without writing anything. Then I dropped the marker into the jar. It made a loud metallic CLUNK as I dumped it on the counter and walked away. 

*
That night, fate thrust Reese and I together on the waffle press. Not literally, you understand. There’s a great art to making the perfect waffle cone, because you have to take it out of the press while it’s still a soft, warm sheet, and then roll the pliable mass up inside a piece of wax paper and put it in the cone-holder until it cools and dries. A lot of people think Bridget is crazy for making her own waffle cones but she says people will pay an arm and a leg for anything “artisanal.” I still think she’s crazy. People loved to watch us make the cones: possibly because the process involved a lot of bending over. Reese and I were drawing a couple of glances that night, one of which apparently was coming from Matt. Reese nudged me and mouthed, “He likes you.” I may have almost smiled at that. If I did, my smile quickly faded when I caught Rachel and Emily smirking at me. 
“I feel kind of bloated today,” said Rachel, loud enough so that I could hear her. “Maybe I can get some baggy black t-shirts to cover it up. I bet Christina knows where we could buy them in bulk.” 
OK, so I wore my shirts a little on the large side. And maybe I did buy them in identical three-packs. So what? I refused to acknowledge Rachel’s slight. 
But Reese stopped, cone in mid-air. She stared at me, waiting to see what I would do. I was searching my brain for a comeback when the bells on the door chimed. I leapt to the cash register. 
“Can I help you?” I said, overly brightly to cover my inner seething. 
A gaggle of bridesmaids sashayed up to the counter in matching blue dresses. “Can we just get some ice waters?” one of them said, barely looking at me. 
I handed out five plastic cups of ice water. Not one of them said thank you. 
“I had the hardest time finding shoes,” one of them brayed to the rest who were no doubt fascinated by this. “I had to dye them to match and they totally screwed them up. I was like it’s royal blue, not navy blue!” The bridesmaids clucked their tongues in sympathy. 
They left their half-finished waters scattered all over the counter in a mix of crushed cups, strewn ice cubes and spilled water. They left without saying goodbye. 
“You’re welcome,” I said, but they didn’t hear me, or if they did, they didn’t think me worth a response.
Reese helped me clean it up. As I tossed one of the cups into the garbage, I felt a strange tingling feeling, a burning pins-and-needles frostbite feeling. “Ouch,” I said, and shook my hand involuntarily. Tiny blue sparks flew off my hands and rained down into the garbage can. They looked for all the world like flashes of fork lightning. I glanced up to see if anyone had noticed. Reese was staring down at the counter, wiping it with deliberate strokes. 
Just then, the sky went dark and thunder sounded. The wind blew up and the windows shuddered in the gale. Outside, the squealing sound of girls sounded. They were loud and high pitched enough to pierce through the din of the sudden storm. I watched through the glass doorway as the bridesmaids ran through the downpour. They shrieked as they desperately tried to cover their hairspray-sticky up-dos with their bouquets.  
“Holy balls,” said Matt. He went over to the front door to shut it but as he did he turned and exclaimed with surprise, “The water’s freezing! It’s like ice water!”
From behind the counter, Reese stared at me.

*
Reese cornered me in the parking lot after work. “You did that, didn’t you?” 
I tried to ignore her. 
Whatever had happened back there, I knew I’d caused it but I didn’t know how. It was unsettling, and I needed to think about it on my own. If I talked it over with anybody, it certainly wouldn’t be her. I gave her a blank stare and walked on my way. 
“Hey,” she said, she was clearly not going to let this go, “want a ride home?”
“No thanks,” I said, and kept on walking. 
“Wait a minute.” She jogged after me and caught me by the arm. I stared at her in shock and she dropped my arm apologetically. “Sorry, it’s just I kneed to know – who are you?”
“What are you talking about?”
“I’ve been watching you – ”
“Well, that’s not creepy at all,” I said, rolling my eyes.
“— and you made those things happen. You’re like,” Reese paused, thinking. “Carrie or something.”
“You do know it’s insane that you’re following me right now?” I started walking faster. “Just so you know.”
“Come on,” she pleaded, keeping pace. “How could I not be intrigued by the weird goth girl at the ice cream store?” she giggled.
“I’m not a goth,” I snapped back.
“I suppose not. You’re certainly more interesting than your run-of-the-mill black-clad, weepy teenager that cries and writes in their journal. You, on the other hand, conduct lightning with your bare hands.”
I stopped walking. 
“So tell me,” she said, slightly out of breath from keeping pace with me. “What’s your deal?”
I narrowed my eyes at her, this stranger. “Why should I tell you?”
“Because maybe I’m not your ordinary perky blonde girl.” 
I had to give her that. She was certainly more annoying than average. “No,” I agreed. “You’re certainly not ordinary!”

*
We drove up to Reese’s house, which I did my best not to let impress me. I’d seen plenty of nice homes before. No reason why this one should blow me away. I kept my face impassive. Frankly, they all look the same to me. Lots of white wood everywhere and a nautical theme; pieces of driftwood used as decoration, jars filled with pebbles and stones, lots of grey marble in the kitchen. 
The house was silent and dark. It appeared empty. 
“No parents?” I asked.
“I was hatched from a pod,” she joked.
Idly, I wondered if Reese had brought me to this empty house to murder me. I’d just have to wait and see, I guess. 
She got us some drinks (Fizzy Lizzy lemonade with real lemon) and snacks (salt and vinegar kettle chips; snack-wise she was admittedly scoring a lot of points with me) and then showed me to her bedroom. It was full of shelves containing row upon row of books. 
“Is this a lending library?” My eyes roamed over a whole bookcase full of mystery novels. A second case contained mostly paperbacks; one shelf for sci-fi, another for horror, and three shelves filled with what I actually recognize as “literature.” The Jane Austen books were all grouped together. 
“I know – it’s a bit much,” she said. “But I’m a bookworm, especially in the summer.” 
She showed me an old-fashioned looking hardcover called, “Five Little Peppers and How They Grew.” It had an illustration of some kids in Victorian-type outfits on the cover. 
“This is my favorite. I loved it as a child. It’s a first edition.” 
I looked at the shelf she’d pulled it from. It was full of children’s books. Classics. The Wizard of Oz. Anne of Green Gables. The Secret Garden. Books I’d heard of but – “I’ve never read any of these.” 
“Ah, so that’s what’s so different about you. You’re from another planet.” She smiled as she said this. 
“I think you’re the one from a different planet. I’m the normal one. I mean, I’ve seen the movie ‘The Wizard of Oz’.” 
“It’s actually a series of books. One of them is called ‘Ozma of Oz.’”
“Are you an aspiring librarian?” I asked.
She laughed. “No. Look.” 
Then she actually showed me something interesting. It was a drafting table, all covered with architectural models, balsa wood houses and miniature trees. 
“I’m going to be an architect,” she smiled.  
“So, you’re going to be Donald Trump? Build condos and stuff?” 
“Ugh, no,” she said, when I mentioned the word ‘condo.’ “How ghastly.” (Ghastly!) “I’m into architectural preservation. Old houses are living museums,” she said passionately. “We grow up in them, we re-create ourselves on a daily basis and yet they stand as a testament to who we are.” 
I resisted the urge to say “Huh?” and instead managed a far wittier, “Oh.”
Just then, I noticed a book called, “Curses and Spells” sitting out on her desk. 
I picked it up and flipped it open. 
“I got it at the Salem Witch Museum,” she said. 
“Lame!” I guess with Reese being from out of town, she still thought all that old timey New England crap was cool. It’s different when you grow up with it, I guess. 
Skeptically, I turned the book over in my hands. 
“It’s really a kind of a cool book,” Reese said. “Even though it’s just a cheesy souvenir, I think the spells in it are actually authentic.”
“How do you know?”
“Look at the source,” she replied. “The fine print in the front.” 
Near all the copyright mumbo jumbo at the beginning of the book was a little paragraph written in tiny italics. “Spells reprinted verbatim from Cotton Mather’s 1620 account of the Salem testimonies, ‘The Wonders of the Invisible World.’”
“Verbatim,” said Reese. “Word for word. Actual witches would have used these spells over three hundred years ago.”
“Have you ever tried them?” I asked. 
She shook her head. “I don’t think they’d work if I did them, but you might have more cosmic influence than me.” 
I flipped the book open to a random page: It read ‘Revenge Spells’. 
I waggled my eyebrows. “Ah, sweet revenge. You want me to do one for you?”
“I can’t really think of anyone I’d want to get revenge on,” she said.
“Really? Not one?”
“No.”
“You mean to tell me that in your entire life, not one person has pissed you off enough to make you just want to” – I mimed an explosion – “BOOM!”
“Nope.” 
“Figures. Perfect face, perfect house, perfect life. You don’t have a worry in the world.”
“I have dry skin,” she said, smiling.
“You make me sick! All right, I’ll do one – I’ve plenty of candidates.” I recited a quick spell and closed my eyes. 
Blue lights orbited my head. I could see them flickering on the inside of my eyelids. I concentrated, not super hard, just focused. Suddenly I felt full of energy. 
“How about Rachel?” I asked.
I read the words in the spell book and closed my eyes again. I could see Rachel at someone’s house with Emily and Mike from work, and a bunch of other people I semi-recognized from school. They seemed to be hanging out in someone’s living room. The TV was on, but they were shouting over it and goofing around. Rachel was sitting on some guy’s lap.  
“All right, Rachel,” I said, remembering her remark from earlier that evening. “You want bloating? I’ll bloat you like a corpse.” 
A strange look began to pass over her face. “Ugh,” she said. “I don’t feel so good.” 
I watched on as she started to swell and bloat. The guy whose lap she was sitting on, began to groan. Rachel jumped up with a horrified look on her face and ran from the room. 
“Rache, are you OK?” Emily asked as she ran after her. 
“I feel so bloated!” Rachel looked sick. 
“You look fine!”
“No, I mean really, really bloated. Like my pants are getting tight…”
“You look fine, honest—” Before Emily could finish her sentence, Rachel’s pants burst at the seams with an audible RRRRIP! 
Rachel couldn’t see it, but I had a great view. Whilst she and Emily were confabbing in the hallway, all her friends snuck around the corner to see what was going on. They were in the perfect line of sight when her jeans exploded. Laughter filled the room. 
“Oh my god!” Rachel screamed before going purple and running out of the house, sobbing. 
I opened my eyes and looked at Reese. She was staring at me with a subtle smile. 
“What’s happening to me? First I make it rain ice-water on a bunch of bougie bridesmaids, and now this.”
“Christina,” Reese said, “I think you’re a witch.”

*
I arrived at work the next morning in great spirits. Reese and I exchanged looks when Rachel came in wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap pulled down far over her face. She was wearing the baggiest of baggy t-shirts. She’d deflated somewhat since last night, but she was still bloated enough to provoke a wry smile from my lips. 
The day went by quickly as Reese and I talked over what we had done and thought about all the stuff we could do in the future. I imagined all kinds of spells. Big ones. 
“No,” she kept saying, “I’ve got something better in mind for you.” 
“Like what?” 
“You’ll see,” was all she would say. 
The next few days were, without exaggeration, the best days I can remember up to this point in my life. At night, I read through the rest of the spell-book and during the day, I talked things over with Reese. We started having lunch together, and even spent some more time with one another after our shifts, browsing through second-hand stores and picking up more ‘weird’ books. 
“You should read this one,” she said.
 It was called ‘The Art of Witchcraft’. It was a paperback with a picture of the full moon on its cover. She bought it for me as a joke, sort of, since it was only 99 cents. 
A few days later, she brought me another book called ‘An Herbal Grimoire’, which was good because I’d not only finished the entire spell-book, but The Art of Witchcraft as well.
“Thanks,” I whispered. I had long forgotten my suspicions as to why she was being so nice to me. Who wouldn’t want to hang out with a girl who could do magic? 
She gave me other stuff, too, not just books. Once day I was standing in front of the mirror trying, without much success, to touch up my makeup. I won’t say what brand of mascara I was using because I don’t go in for product placement but let’s just say it failed to make me look like Drew Barrymore. Instead, what I got was more of a clumping, flaking effect. I sighed and frowned at my reflection in the mirror. I do this a lot, unconsciously, when I see my reflection. This is not an affectation like it is with some girls. You know the type. Sigh. Pout. Apply lip-gloss to pout. “I’m soooo ugly.” Then all her friends jump in and chime, “No, no, no, you’re gorgeous!” No, not that kind of sighing but a real, long, deep-from-the-soul, “God damn it. Why do I have to look like this?” A whole different species of sigh. 
It was as I was standing there that Reese, ever helpful, handed me a tube of Chanel mascara. 
“Use this,” she said. “It’s really good.” 
“It better be,” I said, trying not to look impressed with the label. Then my curiosity got the better of me. “What is this, like, twelve bucks?” 
“Something like that!” 
Then Reese admired my eyelashes. “They’re so long! Wow!”
“They are?” I asked, surprised that another girl  should find something to envy.
“Yeah, they’re like little Daddy Long-Legs eyelashes!” 
“Thanks! More like smudgy raccoon eyes.”
“No way. You always look perfect. Maybe that’s why Matt’s totally in love with you.” 
“What?” I asked incredulously.
“He’s always looking at you.” 
“Really?”
She nodded.  I went to hand her the mascara back but she said, “Keep it.” 
I thought about Matt for a moment, then let the thought drift out of my head. 
Later that afternoon, as I was setting up my work-station next to Matt, daydreaming about casting a money-minting spell, I upset a tray of milkshake cups. They clattered to the floor breaking the dream and inviting Matt’s teasing. He gave me a slow clap and I grinned in spite of myself. He came over to help.
“What was that all about?” he asked.
“What?” was my brilliant reply. 
He pointed at my face. “I think that’s the first time I ever saw you crack a smile around here.”
I bent down and grinned into the freezers. When I looked up at him again, he was still smiling at me. 

*
Those were good days. Life at home was amazing, since I was now too busy to hang around and interfere with my parents’ busy drinking schedule, and life at Scoops seemed to be passing without a wrinkle until late one afternoon in mid-July.  
We were re-stocking the freezers when Reese asked me if I wanted to go over to her house again that night. “You can meet my parents,” she said. “We’re having a dinner party.” 
A dinner party? That sounded kind of… fancy. “I don’t know…” 
“I was thinking we could—” she lowered her voice, “—talk about these spells. There’s something I want to show you.”
“No whispering,” Emily chimed in a super-fake sing-song voice. I hadn’t realized she’d been watching us for a little while, “or I’ll have to separate you two!” 
I glared at her. 
“Wow, that’s some serious cut-eye. What did I do to deserve that?” She turned to Matt and pouted, “Matty, did I do anything to deserve that?”
Matt looked at us from over by the cash register. His face said, ‘Leave me out of this.’ but Emily wasn’t in the mood to leave anything alone.  She had to push it. 
“Well, I’m so sorry to interrupt you two… lovebirds having a lovers’ quarrel.”
“Yeah, sure, Emily, that’s exactly what it is, we’re lovers,” Reese replied. 
“Well, there you go, Matty, she has a girlfriend. Guess you lost your big chance to go slumming!”
Reese banged her fist down on the counter so hard the sundae sprinkles rattled in their jars. “God DAMN it, Emily, will you shut UP!” 
“Yeah, Emily,” I fixed her with a death glare, “shut up. I really mean it.” 
“I think you guys all might want to try and keep it down.” Matt leaned his head in the direction of the tables, where some of customers were starting to look at us. If Bridget had been within earshot she would have killed us. 
Suddenly, Emily began to get a strange, pained look on her face. Outside, clouds gathered and covered the sun. She grabbed hold of the counter, looking pale and weak. 
I stared at her, scrutinizing her face and thinking, ‘Am I accidentally spell casting again – the way I’d done with the bridesmaids?
“Ew!” A shout from one of our customers surprised me. “There’s something wrong with this ice cream!” 
We all stared at him. The customer, a middle-aged, balding man, was holding his waffle cone aloft. “Honey, taste this,” he said to the woman sitting next to him. “I’m not crazy.” 
She tasted it and made a face. “It’s sour!” 
“It was fine just a minute ago,” the man said. 
Reese jumped in. “I’m sorry, sir, I don’t know what happened. Please let me get you a different kind.” She scooped out a little cup of raspberry swirl. “Try this one.” 
The customer tested it from a little wooden spoon. He spat it right back out into the cup. “No good, that’s sour too.” 
“Sour?” Reese tried a third flavor. “You can’t go wrong with this. Dutch chocolate. We just made it today.” 
He spat it out again. “If anything, that one’s even worse! Just forget it. I can’t be bothered anymore.” 
His complaining was interrupted by a low moan coming from behind the counter. Whilst Reese had been trying to placate the bald man, Emily, who was now clutching her stomach, had changed from white to decidedly green. 
Reese glared at her. “What’s the matter? Got the vapors?”
 Emily’s response was to vomit all over the floor. God, I was going to have to learn to control my spontaneous spell casting, I realized. Bad things seemed to happen when I got angry. 

*
That evening, Reese flung the front door open almost as soon as I rang the bell. 
“You made it!” she beamed. She glanced at me quickly and said, “Oh good, you didn’t dress up.” 
It had taken me a long time to decide what to wear to this dinner party of hers. I was sure nothing I owned would work. In the end I settled for my cleanest jeans and a purple peasant blouse that was neither especially formal or informal. I was probably overthinking it. I was definitely overthinking it. I decided then and there to learn some spells that would create a whole new wardrobe.
As I followed her into the living room, I felt like a small, scared animal sniffing out new surroundings. 
“I’m glad you’re not wearing black,” she continued. “Seems a little on the nose now that you’re, well, sort of a witch. Come, the parents are this way.” 
Her mother was exactly as I’d pictured her. The very essence of the Rich Bitch; tall, thin, tanned and blonde, impossibly well groomed. She held a drink in her hand, a cocktail that must have been called The Bored Housewife. One part contempt, two parts gin and misery. She held out her hand and I shook it. There is a very big difference between shaking a person’s hand and holding out your hand to let someone else shake it. 
“So,” she drawled, “you work at that ice cream parlor, too?”
“It’s called Scoops,” I said curtly. I am incapable of hiding it when I don’t like someone. 
“She’s incredibly talented, mother,” Reese said. 
“Do you work there only in the summer?” This seemed an oddly specific question. 
“Well, yes, it’s only open in the summer. In the winter I work at Robinson’s Grocery.” 
“Full-time?”
“Not really. Though I might, starting in the fall. You know, if it pans out. It’s kind of a dream job so I’m not holding my breath.” Sarcasm was beginning to rip through my false veneer of civility. 
“You live on the Cape, then?” Reese’s mom scrutinized me. I no longer felt like a small animal. I now felt like an insect and she was just trying to decide precisely what kind of insect I was before squashing me. 
“Yes. I live here.” I wanted to add, “What’s your point?” but refrained for Reese’s sake. One more strike though, and I’d have to clock this bitch. 
“How extraordinary. I knew people lived here all year long but I so rarely get a chance to talk to them. I always wondered about it. What kind of people live here, I mean.”
“OK, mom, that’s great. Let’s go, Christina!” 
“Oh,” her mom protested, “but we were having a nice conversation, weren’t we Christine?”
I was speechless. 
“I think she’s just fascinating,” I heard her say as Reese led me away. 
Her dad seemed much nicer, at first. He was kind of dapper-looking, with that whole graying-distinguished thing that certain older men can get. There probably wasn’t a single ugly person in their whole family. Her grandma probably looked like Lauren Bacall. 
“I see you’ve met Tamsyn,” he said to me. 
“Tamsyn?”
“Maybe Reese introduced her as ‘mom.’”
“Oh. Yeah.”
“I’m John.” He had a good, firm handshake. 
“Dad, Christina is an underappreciated genius,” Reese said. 
“Oh my God, Reese, please,” I said. “That’s such an embarrassing way to get introduced to somebody.” 
John laughed. “Reese can be a bit… proactive. Her heart’s in the right place, though. Tamsyn’s too. Try not to take them too seriously.”
“Done and done,” I said. John laughed again. I was starting to like this guy. He actually seemed normal and down to earth. 
And then he said, “In all seriousness, though, it must be a bit hard for you to not reach your full potential. You’re obviously very bright.”
“Sorry?” I was caught off guard. 
“Reese tells me you have no plans to attend college.” 
I looked at her. Her expression was completely neutral. “Not at the moment,” I said.
“Well, let us know if you need any help.”
“Help?”
“Advice, encouragement. Possibly arranging for a SAT tutor. That kind of thing. Or even if you just want someone to talk to. I know some of New York’s top adolescent psychiatrists.”
The ground dissolved I plunged down into a hole of shame with one single, dreadful realization. Up until now, I had actually believed Reese was my friend. That she actually thought I was cool, different and fun. 
Now I understood the horrible truth. As I saw her and John staring at me I realized I was some sort of project for her. She was going to fix me, dust me off and polish me up, restore me like an old house. It all added up: the mascara, encouraging me to like Matt, introducing me to her parents, even coaching me through these spells. The books. Rachel and Emily thought she was slumming by hanging out with me but it was the complete opposite. She wasn’t slumming: she was trying to better me. How cold is charity. 
“I have to go,” I said. 

*
Reese ran after me down the driveway. It had started raining again and I was grateful for something to mask my tears of humiliation and rage. 
“Wait! Stop!” she called. 
I whirled around. My whole body trembled with anger. I’d never felt so furious before. My eyes were blazing and my voice came out deep, low-pitched and icy-cold. “Is this a joke to you?” I’d never heard myself sound like that.
“No!”
“Then why do I feel like your whole family is making fun of me?”
“Father’s very loose-lipped. I’m sorry.”
“Sure,” I snapped. “Maybe you’ll take me in like some kind of African orphan, feed me, give me a good home, send me to the State College, and pat yourselves on the back.” I could just see it: I’d wear Reese’s hand-me-downs and every so often Tamsyn could remind me, “You’re here on charity, you know.”
“What are you talking about?” Reese’s face was creased with distress.
“Who the hell do you think you are?” I demanded. Not an original question, admittedly, but sincere. 
“I’m your friend. I care about you.” She gave me a sad face that just enraged me even more. 
“Friend? I hardly know you. And you don’t know me.” In the sky, thunder rumbled like gunfire. 
“Christina, please,” she said. “I have to tell you – ”
“No!” I interrupted. “You think you can just walk in here and change everything? A few nice words and it’s all better? You have no idea what my life is like! You can leave Westervelt in the fall but I can’t, OK?”
“But you can! I see something in you – ”
Her words made me grit my teeth. Wind began to lash the tree branches and lawn furniture went skittering over the patio. 
“Yeah right,” I screamed at her. “You were bored and you felt sorry for me.”
“But please, let me explain. You have so much potential!” 
“What the hell are you talking about? ‘Potential?’” I spat out the word. 
Lightning seared the clouds and Reese’s whole house lit up. The lights inside went out with an audible zap.  
“Look at this storm!” Reese cried. “Look what you can do!”
“Well, I can do it all by myself. I don’t need you or your help.” Bitterness made my voice sound like a dull knife. “You’re just another flaky rich kid. Go back to wherever you came from. Just go!”
I waved my hand at her. Blue sparks shot out of my fingers and engulfed Reese in a sheet of light. The light exploded, and she was gone. Disappeared into thin air. 
In retrospect, I realize I probably shouldn’t have done that. 
*
I threw the book on the ground. I’d been flipping through every one of our spell books and thrift-store finds trying desperately to find something that even began to approach what I was dealing with. But all I found were love spells and luck spells and good old revenge spells. Cotton Mather hadn’t dealt with anything like this. 
I was going to have to figure out how to find Reese myself. I closed my eyes and tried to concentrate. The blue light began to shine. I couldn’t tell where it was coming from, where it began or ended. The whole room was bathed in its glow. 
In my mind’s eye, I saw Reese walking through a misty, otherworldly forest. All around her the sky was green-gray and full of straying clouds. She got smaller and smaller as I seemed to rise farther above her into an infinite black sky. Suddenly, I understood – I don’t know how – that she was not in our world. 
I opened my eyes. The glow of the blue light faded and I was alone in the dark. 

*
The next day at work, I was quiet. I hadn’t slept much the night before, and I was afraid of my face betraying me when people commented on Reese not showing up at work. 
At about two o’clock, the phone rang. I picked it up. The voice on the line was tremulous. 
“Did Reese come into work today?” It was Tamsyn Manning. 
I felt the remaining color drain away from my face. “Uh, yeah,” I stammered. “She’s here but she’s up at the front helping some customers and can’t come to the phone right now.” 
“That’s OK. Just tell her I called.” 
“I will.” 
And at that precise moment, a whole new set of problems occurred to me.

*
I thumbed through the spell book, stopping when I got to the page, Throwing a Glamour. 
“Throwing a Glamour isn’t hard,” I read, “any witch with even a little power can do it. Even ordinary humans can do it to some extent. Like when you have a zit and a date and you throw on some cover-up and try to exude confidence? That’s throwing a Glamour. In more complicated versions of this spell, a person can completely re-create the appearance of another. It’s an exceptionally effective disguise.”
I stood before my full-length mirror, closed my eyes and tried to bring up every little detail of Reese’s face. The smattering of freckles, the little sun-crinkles that formed around her eyes when she smiled. The slight gap between her front teeth. The wavy, sun-bleached hair with its sea-salt texture and eyes the color of cornflowers. 
When I opened my eyes to look into the mirror, an exact replica of Reese was standing there staring back at me. I turned to look at myself from another angle and realized I felt lighter. The body I now inhabited was a completely different physique to mine. Not only was she thinner, she was completely flat-chested. I hadn’t felt this free since I was a kid. It felt amazing.
“Holy cats!” When I spoke, it was Reese’s voice that came out of me. 

*
Luckily, the front door to Reese’s house was unlocked so I let myself in. There were so many little things I hadn’t thought of – like how to get a key to her damn house. As I walked in through the foyer, I caught a glimpse of her parents puttering around the kitchen table. 
“Hey there, stranger,” her dad called out. I froze. Stranger? I felt clammy and sweaty all of a sudden. Had the Glamour worn off? 
Mistaking my look of fear for confusion, he continued, “You disappeared last night…”
What? I thought. How could he know that? Then I realized that he was speaking figuratively. He thought I was Reese. It was all right. 
“Yeah,” I called out, still standing in the foyer. “I was super tired and I had to get up really early for work this morning ‘cause I was doing a double, so… you know.” 
My heart was pounding but they didn’t seem to notice anything out of the ordinary, and a quick glance at the mirror showed that I still looked very much like Reese. 
“Come on,” Tamsyn called out. “Dinner’s ready!” 
Showtime. 

I tried to keep my expression neutral throughout the meal, keeping my gaze on the heavy and expensive-looking flatware I was placing on the table. The handles of the knives and forks were square and the only word I could think of to describe them was “design-y.” Reese, no doubt, would have known a proper word. I hoped my impoverished vocabulary wouldn’t blow my cover. Tamsyn made small talk about her day and her tennis game and the upcoming charity auction, and accepted my pat answer to her inquiry about my work day (“Fine. Busy.”), leaving me free to ponder the shape and heft of the cutlery. I took a bite of chicken and then said, “This is really good chicken.” Inwardly I hoped they weren’t used to scintillating dinner conversation from their daughter. 
Luckily, John seemed to be one of those foodie types and spent most of the meal talking about his chicken recipe. Later, as I filled the dishwasher, I reflected that it might have gone much worse. They didn’t ask me any direct personal questions about things or people I didn’t know, and the Glamour didn’t seem to crack an inch. I was still rock-solid Reese.  
Still, the second I got to Reese’s room, I collapsed on the bed and fell fast asleep. It turns out that a flipside to spell casting is that it’s effing exhausting. 

*
A while later – I don’t know if it was a long while or a little while, having been asleep and all – I was awakened by a soft knock at the door. 
“Reese?” It was Tamsyn. “You all right?” The door opened a crack and light flooded in from the hallway. 
I froze and held my breath. What if they saw my short, dark, un-Glamourized self all curled up on their fair daughter’s bed? Luckily I was facing away from the door. I hoped it was dim enough that they would see me that clearly. 
I cleared my throat as though super groggy. “I’m fine mom, I’m just tired from work.”
“OK, honey. Good night.” 
For one terrifying second I thought Tamsyn was actually going to come over and tuck me in but thank god she just closed the door quietly and walked away. 
I exhaled. Cripes. “You really are the center of attention around here, aren’t you?” I said to the framed photo of Reese that adorned her bedside table. 
Now my sleep was all screwed up. As I stared at the clock, I knew I wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep, so I decided to familiarize myself with my surroundings. This is how I rationalized it, anyway. In truth, it must be admitted that I was sort of snooping. 
I started with the photos. There were dozens of them, all nicely framed. Reese and some friends in school uniforms in front of a big glass pyramid that I know is in the courtyard at the Louvre. Reese with her teammates in a soccer uniform. Reese skiing with her parents. Reese on a sailboat in front of an island dotted with blue and white houses. I knew what those blue and white houses were: Greece. I am not a total ignoramus. 
I moved on to the desk. A few SAT prep books were shoved into a small space between the desk and the bookshelf beside it. This was interesting because it meant she had actually been studying for her exams while on holiday. We had a few of these in public school, too, of course: The debate club kids. Reese was definitely a debate club kid, whether or not she was ever actually in debate club, if you follow me. 
Most interesting of all was the drafting table. I’d thought it was neat when she showed it to me before, and now I realized it had something else going for it: the desk area was stuffed with clues to Reese’s personality. If I was going to impersonate her, I’d better take a few notes. 
There was a little model building next to the drafting table, half finished, next to a set of blueprints and some model glue. Curious, I popped the cap off a tube of model glue and took a quick sniff. It smelled, well, gluey. I’ll never understand those paste-eating, glue-sniffing kids. Suddenly, I realized something. Blueprints are generally pretty incomprehensible to the layperson. They really don’t look like much of anything. But as I stared at the tiny half-formed building it became clear that Reese had probably drafted these blueprints – using the big, shiny, fancy iMac that sat on her adjoining desk, no doubt – and then built the model from them.  
Then I noticed something else on her shelf. It was another small model, made mostly of green felt and pipe-cleaners. It seemed to represent a garden of some sort. A small plaque attached to it said, “Ode to Capability Brown by Reese Manning, Age Eleven.” I wondered if her parents had gotten that plaque made, or if her model had won some sort of school competition. I didn’t know who or what a Capability Brown was, but I did know one thing, when I was eleven, I wasn’t hand-crafting odes to anything. I don’t think I even knew the word “ode.” 
It occurred to me that Reese was probably much, much smarter than me.
As I turned down the bed, I reflected that it felt somewhat rude to sleep in her sheets on top of everything else I’d already done, so I looked for another set and remade the bed. Despite feeling a little awkward at the overall situation, I couldn’t resist whatever incredibly soft, fine, cotton her sheets were made out of – miles away from the pilled rayon I slept in at home – and was soon lulled into sleep. I wish I could have said it was deep and dreamless but, inevitably, Reese floated in and out of a series of troubled nightmares, and in all of them I promised I would find the right spell and bring her home soon. 

*
The morning sun threw an appropriately golden halo over me as I stood in front of Reese’s mirror and threw the Glamour. It worked. Ready for another day. Part of me was puzzled. All my spells had worked so easily – except the Widdershins. How far away was she that a reversal spell couldn’t bring her back? And had it been an ineffective reversal spell, or was it simply that the force of my rage had cast something that would require far more effort to undo? Either way, I suspected I was going to have to get something a little stronger than the spells in Witchcraft: The Straight Dope. 
But first things first, I had to get dressed. I opened her closet door. Rows and rows of pretty summer dresses. I should’ve ignored them and just put on her uniform but I couldn’t help myself. I went straight for the strapless. All my life I’ve wanted to wear a strapless dress. It was a pale, buttery yellow color and the fabric was sort of like crinkly tissue paper, but softer. I zipped it right up to its trendy J-Crew tag.  
Looking at myself in the mirror, I actually gasped. So this is what it felt like to be skinny. 
You could see collarbones. No giant bra was involved. My upper body was the very essence of decorous daintiness. Sure, I had to look at stupid Reese’s face stuck on top of that slender neck but still, it was amazing. I could have tried on dresses all day. But duty called. I put the dress back and got into her uniform shorts and shirt. As I walked toward the door, I noticed the shiny Gold Amex Card on her bureau.  I don’t know what made me do it (I was probably half-crazed from that strapless dress) but I took it. I took it and put it in my purse. Rationalizing as I did so that it was better to “pick up a few new things” to wear as Reese than to rummage around her closet and paw at all her nice clothes. 
This is what I told myself. 

*
While I searched for a better spell, I perfected a fairly convincing impression of Reese and somehow made it through the rest of the week. 
So far her parents suspected nothing. On some level, it was interesting, getting to know them. However, I wasn’t fully sold on Tamsyn – and doubted I never would be – I was starting to get along rather well with John,  who was actually an OK kind of dude.
One day, when Tamsyn was fluttering around town running errands, John came up to me and said, “Let’s go for a sail.” 
The smart thing to do would have been to say, “No, Hell no! I’m not going for a sail, because then you’ll realize I don’t know how to sail and my cover will be blown and then I’ll be tried for murder.”
But I went. I don’t know why. Maybe because the sun was so warm and the water in the bay was so sparkly and the air felt so clear and crisp, like a commercial for linen-fresh Fabreeze. I don’t know. 
John pulled the boat off the sand and into the water. I kicked off my sandals, got in there and helped him. This much I could do. When it came time to unfurl the sails, he took care of things and I wondered if he was going to ask me to help, or to sail the boat. I only knew two things about a sailboat: one thingy is called a boom and one other thingy is called a jib. 
“You wanna take over?” he asked. 
“No thanks,” I replied trying to hide my nerves
 “You sure?”
“I’m kind of content right now.” 
“OK… I’m just surprised. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you pass up a chance to sail. Come to think of it, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you go so long without sailing before.” 
“Hmm.”
“But everything’s OK, though,” he asked with paternal concern.
“Everything’s fine. I just want to be still and observe for a minute. Is that all right with you?”
 “This won’t be like the time you didn’t like horses anymore, will it?”
“I promise you I will sail again. Just not right now.” 
John laughed. “I’ll never forget, we spent all that money on lessons and when we went to pick you up after your first competition and you said, ‘Dad, I don’t like horses anymore.’ Or something like that.” 
So Reese could be fickle. Interesting. It was refreshing to know she wasn’t prefect all the damn time. That she pissed her parents off sometimes, too. And I was with her on the horses. “Horses are scary,” I said out loud. 
“That’s it,” said John. “That’s exactly what you said.”

*
I had the spell in my hand. It had necessitated a trip to the rare book room in the Boston Library, but I’d got it. I’d looked up an original volume of Salem spells, used a special set of white gloves to handle the book, and had a librarian take a digital photo of the pages I needed. As she’d printed out a copies for me, I realized I would’ve been intimidated by this whole process three weeks ago, but in the time since Reese had disappeared, I had changed. I can’t put my finger on it but I felt less angry somehow. Maybe getting everything you want in life does that to you. 
The librarian swiped Reese’s credit card to pay for the photocopying fees. She looked at me over her glasses as she handed it back. Her hand hesitated for just a moment, nearly touching my fingernails, now painted a glossy, seashell pink, courtesy of a spa day with Tamsyn. We’d spent the whole previous day getting treatments done and she’d told me how glad she was that I’d quit working at Scoops so we’d have more time together. I was glad too. Apparently Reese belonged to the beach club, and I’d learned to enjoy my days there. It was a cut above the town beach, I can tell you that. Why Reese ever took a job at Scoops in the first place is beyond me. 
“These are two very interesting documents,” she said. She looked at the spells copied from the ancient book. “‘Bring forth something that the object loveth, some thing of esteem’d worth, and that object shall in turn forthwith bring forth the object of thy spell,’” she read. “Sounds like a quantum retrieval. The only thing you’d need that for would be to remedy a quantum banishment. Which no one in recent history as ever performed.”
“I guess.” 
“Not an easy spell by any means. Now this one – ” she shuffled the papers around – “this is a relatively easy one.” It was. Just an incantation and a sprinkle of magic herbs, and it would make any Glamour permanent. “Though not necessarily safer.”
She raised her eyebrows at me. True witches can recognize each other, they say. All of a sudden, I believed it. 
She said softly, “If you make a Glamour permanent, it cannot be undone.” 
“I guess that’s what ‘permanent’ means.”
She ignored my smart remark and pushed both spells across the desk at me. “Good luck.” 
I wondered what she meant by that. I was so lost in thought I nearly ran straight into Matt on the steps of the library. 
“Hey Reese,” he said, “How’s it going?”
“Oh, hey Matt. Good. How are things at work?”
“Good. We miss having you around.”
“Awwww…” I bet he was going to ask Reese out now. He had that hesitant look. 
“And I guess…” Here it was. Aw shucks. “Well, listen, do you still keep in touch with Christina?”
“No. Sorry.”
“That’s too bad,” he said. “I kind of miss having her around too. Well, see ya!” 
I watched him walk away from Reese like she didn’t matter at all. At that moment it occurred to me that that was the first time anyone had asked about the long-missing Christina. In all of the long three weeks that she’d been gone, not one single enquiry.
I laughed loudly and bitterly into the empty space. One person in three weeks! In my eighteen years on this earth there were two people who had ever bothered to show any interest in the real me: this boy from the ice cream store and Reese. The laughs were so violent that I had to sit on the library steps, and then I burst into tears. 

*
The Seeker lies Prone, with eyes closed, holding the Sacred Object tightly and speaking the words that follow here… 
I clutched the book in my lap, staring at its cover. The five little Peppers pranced around, doe-eyed and rosy-cheeked. 
I shut my eyes, and repeated the incantation. “Bound and binding, binding bound.” 
The Object will lure back the Lost One, who will follow you Home when Ready…   
“Bound and binding, binding bound.” My fingers tightened around the book. 
I closed my eyes and tried to breathe deeply and evenly. 

Bound and binding
Binding bound
What once was lost
Now is found 
See the sight
And hear the sound
Bound and binding 
Binding bound. 

I opened my eyes and the air was swirling above me, like the eye of a movie-tornado ––all purplish and magical looking. I could feel myself floating towards it and when I turned around and looked down, I saw my own body lying on the floor. 
I floated towards the swirling-eye for what felt like forever. The strange thing was I wasn’t worried. I didn’t feel like I was going to get lost, even though I had no idea where I was. I just floated peacefully, like a baby. 
Then something compelled me to look down again. This time I didn’t see my body – I saw the green and misty forest. Walking in the forest was Reese. She seemed calm, unhurried and peaceful. 
“Reese!” I called out. 
She looked up, smiled, and waved. “It’s you!” she called. 
I floated down to the forest floor as softly as an autumn leaf. “I’ve got your book. The Five Little Pepitos.”
Reese opened the book, looking sly. The pages in it were completely blank. She put her face close to it and whispered, “Christina.” An image appeared on the pages. It was me, lying on the floor of her bedroom. “This is my scrying book,” she said. 
Oh my god. A scrying book was something that enabled a witch to spy on other people. A witch.... 
“I knew I was a witch and a seer from the time I was a little girl,” she said.
I opened my mouth without a sound. 
“I knew you were too, even before we met,” she said. “I saw you in a vision and I knew I had to meet you. That’s why I took the job at Scoops.” 
I had wondered about that. 
“‘Maybe I’m not your ordinary perky blonde girl.’ Remember that?”
“That day in your bedroom. When you first showed me your ‘souvenir’ spell book.” 
“And the sour ice cream that day in the store? The day Emily barfed?”
“That was you?” 
“Sometimes I get mad, too.” She got quiet and her smiled faded. “Christina, I was never trying to make you over. I want you to know that.”
I was ashamed. “I know. I’m sorry.”  
Then something occurred to me. “Can you see things even without your scrying book?”
She smiled. “Well, some people don’t – like you for instance. But less powerful witches need a magic object for scrying. But luckily if you haven’t got a book, a pool will do.” She nodded her head toward a small, still pond a few feet away from us. “I saw quite a lot in that little pool…”
She actually seemed amused. I, on the other hand, was mortified. They’d have to invent a new word to describe the shade of red I was turning. 
“Oh my god. I’m so sorry. Reese…”
“Why? You did the right thing in the end. Besides, you did save me. I needed you to come here – I tried to get back on my own and I didn’t have enough power. But I think we can do it if we combine our strength.” 
I grinned. “Hell yeah we can.” 

*
I opened my eyes.  
I was back on the floor in Reese’s room, groggy but fully intact. I sat up slowly and stiffly. 
“Hey!” Reese was half-lying, half-sitting on the floor next to me, propping herself up on her elbow. “We did it!”
Just then, the scrying book materialized in the air above our heads and fell down with a thud. Reese picked up the book and smiled at it. “I’m glad you chose this one. I am rather fond of this volume.”
I laughed. She would call a book a “volume.” I have to admit, I’d missed her funny, high-toned way of talking. As I looked at her I realized her powers ranged far and wide. I’ll admit it. She was not your typical rich girl. Nor was I nothing but a townie. I thought I might have a thing or two to show her, but first, I wanted to see what else she could do.
“So tell me,” I said to her. “What else you got?” 
She smiled. “I was hoping you’d ask.” 

The End

ABOUT THE AUTHOR: ANDREA JANES
http://www.boroughsofthedead

Andrea Janes lives in Brooklyn, New York, where she spends her time writing speculative fiction and conducting ghost tours of the city. Her short stories have been published in numerous journals, magazines and anthologies. She is also the author of 'Boroughs of the Dead', a collection of ghost stories set in and around New York.

“Like the best of the pulps, the narratives are creepy, darkly comical and elegantly composed, with lovingly detailed descriptions of place and an ample whiff of lurid decay.” – FANGORIA
Imbued with the chilling undertone that inhabits all of New York’s five boroughs, BOROUGHS OF THE DEAD is an entertaining, varied and infectious take on things that go bump in the New York City nights. A collection of ten stories that range from the waning days of the 18th Century to the present time, this macabre collection mixes in a bit of historical fact, a hearty measure of local color and plenty of honest-to-goodness creepiness. Partly inspired by true events and partly figments of the author’s evil imagination, these terrifying fictions take their inspiration from Gotham’s darkest histories. 

Available to purchase in paperback and e-book from Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk





WICKED GAMES
by 
Tammy Bašić

My name is Ellie.
They tried to kidnap me three years ago, but failed.
They've been trying to get me back ever since.
I will never be safe.

PART ONE

I live in a small town, where anyone knows everyone, and there are no secrets.
Well, except one.
There is only a handful of us who know about Them: only my family, to be precise. Some call us crazy, or weird, and they don't want to come anywhere near out house. But that's for the better.
Them, if you're wondering, are the Fae. Some call Them fairies or fay, but I’ve always gone with Fae. They live in Haineland, a dark part of Avalon, hidden deep, deep in the black forests. In the folklore, you might find that there are two types of Fae – Seelie and Unseelie, each with a court. But, that's not true. Not entirely.
When these two types of Fae came together and produced offspring, during one of the uprisings a century ago, strictly against the ancient laws of their races, that's when a new race was born. They were and remain the vilest of them all, often crossing into the Human world for their twisted idea of fun; torturing innocents and making sneaky deals with them. All Fae can be invisible when they want, of course, because everything, including the laws of physics, bend to their rules. They can make you question your sanity. They can make you the most happy you’ve ever been, but they can also make you the most miserable person in the world.
So there enter we, the Price family. Ever since my great-great-grandfather Arthur was taken as a child into Their world, replaced by a changeling, my family has been hunting bad Fae. I suppose you can call them the outlaws of the Fae world, although no original name has been known. 
My family, my mom, my brother Jamie and my aunts and uncles, we are all trained for the hunting, and we always carry iron with us, even if we are only going to the supermarket five minutes away from our house. 
Rule number one: Always be prepared.
You have to be constantly on your guard, the Fae can try to mesmerize you at any place, at any time. If you give any signs of resistance or suspicion, they can - and will - attack immediately.
“Eleanor!” my mother calls from the kitchen. I shudder inside. I hate it when she summons me that, mainly because Eleanor is the name my father chose, and Mom only agreed. Dad left the three of us when I was ten years old, Jamie eleven, with no apparent reason. Word is he lives in Europe now. Ireland, I think. Honestly, I couldn’t care less.
I step into the kitchen to find my mom in jeans and a black sweater, her hair in a knot atop her hair, I am immediately alert: it’s her hunting gear. She's strapping the belt that carries the arsenal of iron knives and artifacts around her waist and tucking it under the hem of the sweater. 
“Mom? What's wrong?” I ask. She looks at me straight in the eye, a serious expression on her oval-shaped face. 
“Eleanor, I need you to stay here. Jamie and I are going hunting. I got a call; there were a couple of Them seen just outside the city. When we’ve gone,” she says, rushing from the kitchen to the living room, calling for Jamie to hurry up, “lock the doors with the drop locks. Twice over. Close all windows. And keep some iron close to you, just in case something happens.” She stops and stands in front of me, holding my shoulders in her hands and staring firmly at me, “Am I clear?”
I am stupefied by the suddenness of all this frantic activity and by the ice in her voice. I swallow and nod.
“Ellie,” she sighs, her face softening, “it's going to be all right. It always is.” Then she leans in and kisses my cheek. Despite us being quite close, this overt display of affection feels ominous and I can’t help but feel dread creeping into my heart. 
“Ready!” Jamie yells. His footsteps echo loudly as he runs down the steps. He's dressed, like mum, in black jeans and black jacket, and I catch a glimpse of iron on his wristband. Always prepared, indeed.
I stand still as Mom waves and Jamie gives me a wide grin. Then they're gone into the night. I do what Mom has told me, locking the door and closing the windows, checking twice that I did everything. All is dark and quiet, so I head towards my room, turning on the lights in the hallway as I pass. Yeah, yeah. I'm just about to turn seventeen and I’m still afraid of the dark. It's not like anyone else knows, just me. And besides, it's not that big of a deal, just a little occasional heartbeat acceleration – or so I tell myself.
I guess it's some kind of Post Traumatic Shock Disorder – a result of Them having tried to take me. 
It happened around two weeks before I turned fourteen. Walking back from school, I realized I’d forgotten my pencil case, which normally, being so close to home and the promise of an ice-cold coke, I’d have left to survive until the morning – but earlier that day I’d thought it a good idea to stash my iPod in it – for safe keeping – yeah, I’m like that – so, grudgingly I turned and went back. I’d successfully retrieved it and was just about to head back home, when a strange man blocked the school exit. The stranger danger alarm rang loud. Ever since being little, Mom had programmed me well – treat every stranger like a potential axe murderer and you might just survive this world. I knew I should ignore him and go as far away as possible from him. But every time I tried to get around him, he wouldn't let me. I tried running away, but he followed me, his calm footsteps thumping slowly behind me. He was faster than me, even though I was running, and he was only walking. With little option left, I started running backwards, to keep an eye on him. My foot caught on the pavement and I fell on my back. I tried getting up, but it was too late. He had picked me up in his arms.
With little option left, I screamed … and then screamed some more. In response, he clamped his hand over my mouth causing the rest of my futile screams to become nothing more than a muffled mewl. All of a sudden, everything turned black, and I couldn't see anything. He wouldn't let me see where we were going, and I quickly fell asleep, despite the raising panic. Now I know he had used his Magic on me, making me lose consciousness. 
When I came round, we were in a forest, but it was no ordinary forest; the trees were black and ugly. The place screamed death. Behind them lurked Fae, all wanting to get a glimpse of the new flesh. Unlike legend, there were not just two forms of fairy but a whole collection of different magical creatures. Later I would learn their names; brownies, pixies, phouka. 
Instinct told me that despite their difference in appearance, they were bonded by a common trait – wickedness. They whispered and cackled and hissed. Their sounds were so malicious, that a lump of panic grew in my throat. I closed my eyes to shut them out. 
When I woke up, I was home. In my own bed. Safe. 
Mom fussed around me for days afterwards, checking for any signs of anything wrong. She said she didn't know how I was rescued; only that she found me asleep on the doorstep of our front door. 
Unfortunately, I have no recollection of who, or what, saved me. 
I've been trying to find out for three years now. And I don't plan on stopping until I know the truth.

*
I stop in front of the third door on the left side of the hallway, which is the entrance to my room. The door is white. The only decoration is a ‘Do Not Enter’ sign. I step inside, and it's like a whole different world. The walls are bare, but not all white. I drew black butterflies and circles all over them. Lines swirl from one shape to another, going up, down, left, right; everywhere. And they never stop; never break, until they round all four walls, creating a pattern, surrounding me in a mystical beauty. It's the work I'm most proud of. I close the door and turn around, gazing at the walls when I catch something from the corner of my eye. 
And freeze.
In the middle of the room, next to the foot of my bed stands a boy. He looks a little older than me, perhaps a year older than Jamie. He’s slim, but well-built and extremely handsome. His brown hair falls down his face in curls, one escapes over his forehead. He pushes it out of his eye impatiently. His eyes... are the color of sky. Not just any sky, like the sky before a storm; a deep, dark blue shade that pulls you in some kind of trance, and with a firm grip doesn't let go. I feel as if he just hypnotized me. 
I could draw and paint all I wanted, but I know I could never capture his looks on the paper. Using all the willpower I have, I tug myself back to reality. I know why I could never draw him right – he’s too surreal to be human. He's one of Them.
“Well, hello there,” he says with a strong British accent.
“Who are you?” I respond warily.
“My friends usually call me Will.”
I brace myself for danger, my hand flying to my hip instinctively. No, no, no! Of all times, this is when I forget my iron! I take a step backwards, feeling for the door-knob with my hand. He advances. His eyes narrow when he notices I'm trying to escape.
“Now, now,” he cocks one brow only, to which I have to repress my jealousy. I wish I could do that. Focus! my mind screams. “I'm only here to chat, love, no worries. Besides, it really wouldn't be a fair fight - you without your iron and all.”
I snort, even though he's right. “Maybe I can’t kill you without iron, but I could definitely harm you enough so that you'll be begging for mercy.”
Laughter explodes from him, and he opens his arms wide. “I'd fancy seeing you try, love.”
I roll my shoulders backward and straighten my posture. I can do this, I tell myself. I've been trained for years for these kind of situations, I can beat him. He looks like he's waiting for me to make the first move, so I take a small step to my left, with the intention to lead him on. When he follows, I tense all my muscles and spring for the bed, jumping over the suitcase, which I always forget to put away. I am fast. The training has ensured that. Along with strength, I have the ability to predict the opponent’s move. It's not all physical, it’s in the mind, too. But somehow, Will manages to catch me mid-air and knock me on to the bed, face-down. I struggle against his grip, but he is stronger than me. 
He allows me a few agonizing moments of wiggling, and then he leans down and whispers directly into my ear, 
“It's no use, love. If I wanted to kill you, you’d be long gone by now. So stop struggling. Like I said, I only want to chat.”
I swallow the hysteria and turn my head sideways. “Fine,” I growl. “What do you want to 'chat' about?”
He chuckles, still dangerously too close to my skin. Then he lets me go and heads over to the chair, sitting down casually, as if he owns the place. I sit up. My cheeks are red with rage and embarrassment but it doesn’t stop me glaring at him.
“I heard you were a Fae hunter,” he says, running his hand through his hair. “Naturally, I didn't believe it. I'm not a bloke who believes such rubbish. But,” he cocks his head to the side, and looks at me, “here I am, and here you are: all worked up, ready to kill me, so I'm thinking what I've been told might be true - even though I certainly don't fancy it.” 
Where his eyes sweep over my body, a trail of fire blooms under my skin. I can literally feel the heat coursing through my blood. I do not like it. Not at all.
I process what he has just said. “Who told you that?” I ask.
He makes a tsk-ing sound and shakes his head. He looks comfortable enough, ankles crossed, arms on the armrests. I feel a flare of hatred for him. How dare he come here, attack me, humiliate me, and then deny me information?
I shoot from the bed, crossing the distance between us, and lean right into his face. “If you don't tell me, I will get it out of you. Either way, I'll know. So make up your mind whilst I'm still in a good mood,” I say in a low voice.
He stiffens and pierces his steel-blue gaze into my light-green one. We are face to face, chest to chest, lips to lips. Suddenly, he's kissing me. I can feel salt and sweetness on his lips, mixed with something I don't recognize. His arms wind around my middle, pulling me closer to him. There is no letting go. 
I try to fight it, to fight him, but I can't. He's kissing me like no other boy has ever kissed me before, and I am returning the kiss, deepening it, opening my mouth. Will makes a sound from the back of his throat, and I grip his hair, wanting nothing else but more, more, more. 
Finally, a sound of a branch snapping in the garden brings me back to reality. 
I push him away and jump to my feet, looking at him wide-eyed. “What the hell was that?” I scream, wanting to punch the smugness off his face.
All at once, a rush of dizziness washes over me and I lose my ground, rapidly falling towards the floor. Will catches me before I slam into it and sets me on my feet. I blink a few times and whisper, “Thanks.”
He nods once in response. A haunted expression flickers over his face but it's gone before I can ask. A mask of sheer determination quickly covers it. He's right in front of me again in a second. “I need you to do something for me,” he says with eyes burning into mine. “I need you to kill someone.”
“Who?” I choke out, horrified.
There is absolutely no emotion when he says the words, “My king."

*
Impossible. That's the only thought that's running through my hazed mind right now, as I lie in my bed. 
It's two a.m, and Mom and Jamie still haven't returned. I know their cell phones will be switched off, so I didn't even bother trying to call them. I'm not usually a negative person, but now I can't sleep. I have a terrible hunch that something isn't right. It doesn't help, not at all, the fact that just a couple of hours ago, one of Them told me to kill their king – oh right, just after he gave me a kiss that sent me way out to the cosmos and back. I am going crazy. How, how, HOW am I supposed to kill the King of the Fae? Even if I had Mom and Jamie, perhaps even Will on my side, we couldn't just sneak into the Haineland and go unnoticed by hundreds, maybe even thousands of Them. 
Exasperated, I slip out of the bed and go to the bathroom, finding mum’s bottle of herbal remedy sleeping pills. I take two, fill myself a glass of water in the kitchen, and swallow them down. Drawing the blanket up, I close my eyes and pray for a dreamless sleep.

*
I wake up with a headache. The pain is constant, pulsing between my eyes. I groan and rub my temples. After getting dressed, I drag myself downstairs, finding nothing but empty silence. “Mom? Jamie?” I shout, There is no answer, just grave silence. I feel my stomach drop in fear. Why aren’t they home yet? What if something happened? What if they got hurt... or worse?
No, no. No. I get those thoughts as far away as I can. Everything’s fine, I reassure myself. They’ve probably crashed at some hotel or at one of Mom’s friend, or at Aunt Dolores’s place... I swallow. Of course instinct tells me that’s not true. 
Five minutes later, I’m dressed in black jeans and black hoodie, iron propped all over my body. I don’t eat anything; I can’t possibly stomach any food right now. As I grab my cell and keys, I notice a sheet of paper on the table, which wasn’t there before. I pick it up and examine it.

Love,
I would fancy talking to you soon, to sort some things out. 
If you don’t wish to, I respect that and it’s fine. Just call me if you need anything.
                                                      Will.

The handwriting leans slightly to the right. It is both manly and elegant. At the end of the note, seven numbers have been scribbled in a rush. I stare at the note and contemplate calling him. I reason that maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea. I grab my cell and dial.
"Hullo." A voice still thick with sleep answers.
"Will," I whisper. "I need your help."
A sigh. "I'll be there in a minute." The line goes dead.
I’m pacing around the room, mentally counting down those sixty agonizingly slow seconds. When I'm down to twelve, the doorbell rings. I hurry to open it, letting Will inside. His face is dark, his eyes wild. "What's wrong?" he asks.
The words fumble out of me in an untamed flow of wild waters. "My Mom and Jamie, my brother, they left yesterday in a hurry, and left me here, went hunting, and they didn't come home, and I have no idea where they are and whether they're alive and…" I choke on a sob. 
"Hey," Will says softly, moving closer to me. It's the most human I've heard him. Paradoxically, I am reminded of Will’s true nature – and the fact I should be killing him. Suddenly, he halts and grimaces and I wonder if he can read my thoughts.
"Bloody hell, you reek of iron,” he says through a laugh.” Don't tell me you only invited me here to cut out my poor heart, woman!"
I'm too distracted to be sarcastic. "No, I just... I was about to search for my Mom and Jamie. I have a terrible feeling. I have to know if they're alright. I have to," I repeat.
Will nods solemnly and promises me that he'll do everything he can to find them. Then he leaves, heading off to ask some 'friends' of his if they know anything. I pace around the house some more, then go out, trying to search for them myself. I check out every hotel and hospital in a five- mile radius, but come home with nothing.
I go back home, sit on the couch, and cry.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
I fly to open the door, desperate for news and find Will. His eyes sparkle like lightening ripping through the sky. The light extinguishes when he sees the state I am in. 
"What happened?" he asks.
"Nothing," I sniff, "I'm just... tired."
"Right, love. Well, I might have some news. A bloke of mine might've heard something about two Hunters getting into some kind of a trap yesterday."
I feel my heart speed up underneath my ribs, and say, "Well, take me to him, what are you waiting for?"
He clicks his tongue, "Now, love, I'll need a little something from you."
‘Typical fae, can’t be trusted. Can’t do anything that isn’t in their own interest’ I think. I eye-ball him and know that I am pouting. "What?" I glare at him. I silently make a promise, ‘When this is over...’
Suddenly, he leans down and kisses me again. It’s just as amazing as the first time. Argh! Why is this becoming a habit to him? And why, why, do I like the taste and feel of his lips on mine so much?
I push at his chest - using a lot of willpower, believe me - and place my fists on my hips. "Quit with the kissing … thing. Take me to him. Now."
He smirks. "So bossy. Can't say I don't like it, love. Anyway, I can't take you to him now, but I'll come and pick you up in a few days. I'll keep asking around ‘till then, though."
"And just where is that friend of yours?" I ask.
He's quiet for a few moments, searching my face for something, and I feel myself blush under his stare, but I refuse to look away. The clock tick-tick-ticks, filling the silence.
At last, he says, "You'll see."

*
The next day, I feel even worse. Every hour that passes is just another hour of agony, wasted on waiting for any kind of news. I feel helpless, and my head is pounding harder. I can’t sleep anymore, and I’m taking the sleeping pills every night. Herbs or not – they’re certainly powerful. I fall asleep little after two in the morning and wake up after midday. Today I feel awful. I’ve felt awful for days. 
I’ve taken to gazing out the window, looking for Will, although I’ll deny it if asked. The week passes; it is an immeasurable time. 
At last, he comes.  
I feel a small spark of hope trying to ignite itself somewhere in me, but it fails. It tries again, but fails. Instead of greeting me with ‘hello’, Will says, "Ellie, you look... well, I won’t lie to you, not your best." 
I can't hear a note of compassion in his voice. There's a strange hollow where it should be, mixed with a trace of... excitement? "Come on, I'm taking you … somewhere."
I don't show a reaction to that, only get up and take his outstretched hand. I can’t explain the power he has over me. 
“Close your eyes,” he whispers. 
I do as I am bidden. I fleetingly wonder what I would not do if he asked me. 
When I reopen my eyes, we are standing on top of the Eiffel Tower. My breath catches in my throat. The city of Paris sprawls out underneath our feet. 
What are we doing here? Did he know I've yearned to visit this city all my life? And if so, how?
And yet, even though I have dreamed of visiting the City of Light my whole life, all I can see is how filthy the monument is; how the grey clouds cover the gold of the sun, and how raindrops splatter down on us. There is only a landscape of infinite grey. 
"This is what you wanted, isn't it?" Will asks lightly. I want to nod my head, but I can't. Instead, I burst into tears.  
What, am I doing here? Standing on one of the world’s most romantic structures with a ‘perfect’ British boy who is not human, but occasionally acts like one? What am I doing here when my mother and brother are missing, maybe even dead? I feel suddenly crazed, as if chased into a corner.
What am I doing this for? Who am I doing this for? asks a voice in my head.
Will is watching me, a gleam in his dark eyes. They're like an endless abyss.
 "Ellie," he says my name and the word is like a caress over my skin. It breaks me. 
"No," I whisper, "You've done enough. It's all my fault... Goodbye, Will."
With that, I grip the railing and fling one leg over, my vision blurring as I look down.
"Christ, Ellie!" Will shouts, and suddenly he's behind me, placing his arms around me and pulling me back to safety. 
"Let me go," I sob, over and over again, but he won't listen. Instead, he leans me against the metal, his hands on each side of my head. I'm caged in as he presses closer.
"Ellie," he says again, then swallows, looking as if he's in pain. He tucks a lock of my hair behind my ear, his fingers lingering on my cheek. "I'm so sorry," he whispers, before kissing me.
His lips are like velvet, taking me over. My hands wind into his hair and I pull him closer. I open my mouth, inviting him in. His hands skim down my arms, reaching around my waist, merging us together from head to toe. He breathes into my mouth, and the fog lifts from my mind. Rays of sun penetrate through the clouds, casting their golden shimmer over us and the city.
I feel every single fiber of my being pulse with life as Will tangles my legs around his hips. His lips never leave mine. The bells of Montmartre chime somewhere afar and break through our reverie. Will moves his face back, just a few inches. His eyes look darker than ever, stained with passion and something else I don't recognize.
"How are you feeling?" he asks. I smile and touch my forehead to his. "Good," I breathe. "Exceptional."
And then reality crashes in on me.
I pull back, my mind racing. "What- what just happened?"
Will looks defeated, his eyes focusing anywhere but on me. I feel stupefied. Will, being uncomfortable? That's something new.
"Ellie... You already know I'm one of Them. What you didn't know, is that I feed on human emotions. Happy ones, to be exact."
"What?" I gasp. Nobody had told me this in my training! Rage breaks through. "So, what? You lied to me this whole time? What am I someone you... feed off ?  A walking diner?"
"At first, yes," he answers, his voice quiet. "But I realize now that it's gone too far. And, believe me or not, I'm sorry."
I shake my head. "No. I don't believe you." Tears threaten to take over again, but I shove the hurt away. "Take me back home. Now!"
He does, and I can't even look at him.
He leaves without saying anything. 
I don't take any pills this time, but turn in my bed restlessly until exhaustion somehow takes me.  I dream of dark eyes, false promises, and wicked games.
It's five twenty-seven in the morning when I hear a crash downstairs. I jump to my feet and hurry down the stairs, almost tripping over. One of the biggest surprises in the last few days awaits: me - Jamie is back. 
And he's not alone.
I blink a couple of times to make sure this isn't a dream, or a hallucination, then rush into his arms. "Oh-my-god, oh-my-god, you're here! You're safe!"
He laughs. "Yeah, I am. I’ve missed you too."
I pull back, rudely ignoring the girl that's standing two feet away from us, and yell at him. "What the hell happened? You have no idea how worried I was! I thought you were- God, I can't even say it."
"I know, I know." He sighs. "Sit down, it's a long story."

*
HERE’S WHAT HAPPENED…

Jamie and Mom went out that night to hunt some ghouls, which they did successfully, but on the way back, a group of Them surrounded them and tied them up. Jamie awoke to find the girl -Aline- healing the wound on his left arm, a bad sting one of Them had given him.
Aline is a faerie, but a Seelie. She was very helpful, apparently. It took some time, but she knew the way out of the Forest, and the two of them came as soon as they could.
Only catch was, neither of them knew where Mom was.
It was a blow, but I tried to focus on the positives. Jamie was back, and Aline seemed quite cool once you got to know her. Clearly Jamie thought so.
We invited her to stay for a few days until we figured out what to do next. She and Jamie left to get some rest.
*
I walk towards my room, thinking how it would be world's greatest irony if I opened the door and found Will in my room. I threw open the door and... Freeze. Will is stood near my bed, just like the first time. 
"What do you want?" I whisper icily, closing the door.
"I want to -I need to- apologize to you. Please sit down."
I narrow my eyes, and warily do as told. Will paces across the room. It’s unnerving. "Please try to understand what I’m about to tell you. I'm programmed to be evil, and I can't help it sometimes, although I've tried, Lord knows I have. With you, it's both easier and harder to control myself."
He pushes a hand through his hair, coming to kneel in front of me. "Ellie, I need you to give me just one more chance. I won't blow it, I swear, love. I took your emotions, true, but I gave them back when I knew it had gone too far.” He pauses, shaking his head a little. “That's not an excuse, I know, and I'm not trying to pull it off as one, but please... just try.
“That's also why I want you to kill the King. If you kill him, then the evil part of all of us will go away. I've ruined so many lives, and it is slowly destroying me."
I let out the breath I've been holding through his whole speech. My emotions are in turmoil. I want to forgive him, but how do I know it won't happen again?
I start to shake my head, but he stops me, touching my hands, my arms, my cheeks. It undoes me.
I close my eyes. "Okay."
He stills before me. "Okay?" he echoes.
And then we're kissing. His tongue parts my lips, and I hear my mind screaming at me to wake up and push him away, but then his fingers skim over the bare skin between my tee and the bottom of my PJs, and I'm lost. I run my hands under his t-shirt, feeling the ripples of his abdomen, feeling the muscles tighten under my touch.
He trails kisses over my jaw and neck, closing in on my collarbone, and I feel goose bumps rising all over me. His hands explore my body, and soon both of our tees are on the floor next to the bed. 
He bites gently on my lips, and I only imagine how swollen they'll be when we part. I gasp as he lowers down, pressing on me with every part of himself, and soon I'm panting with something wild and foreign.
"Will," I moan. "Stop!"
He looks at me, his eyes so dark, they're almost black. He rushes away from me, glancing down on me sprawled across the bed, breathing heavily. "Bloody hell, Ellie. I didn't mean this to happen."
I nod, not able to say anything, and we put on our shirts back, in silence. Whenever he touches me I go temporarily insane – I don’t understand it. 
Will sits next to me and we spend the next hour talking. He tells me about himself, the King and his kingdom. I thought I knew a lot about Them – it turns out I knew barely anything. Then he drops a bombshell, which somehow alters everything. 
It was Will that saved me that day from Them. And then, I know what to do. 
"Will", I say, stopping him mid-sentence. "I'll do it."
I say yes to killing his King.

*
I introduce Will to Jamie and Aline, and together we make a plan to assassinate the King. Despite our common cause,  the tension is palpable between Will and Jamie. I don’t know whether it is an over-protective brother thing or something else. We pack some weapons and define a few strategies. Aline announces she's going out on reconnaissance to assess the dangers that might await. When she leaves I can almost sense Jamie’s emptiness. 
Three hours later, the three of us are carefully walking across a little meadow in awkward silence when we are surrounded by a dozen of Them.  It's obvious that they’re ready for fight, and filled with malice. We all take out our weapons. 
"Intruders," says one of the Fae, grinning like crazy. His white eyes travel over us. "Oh, and delicious ones; two Hunters, no less,” the creatures looks at Will with a mixture of puzzlement and surprise . “and one of ours. Master." He lets out an excited snort, "I believe you've been waiting for these ones."
The 'Master', whoever he is, doesn't reply.  I snap my fingers impatiently at the one who looks like he might be their leader. "Hey, you!”
The creature seems almost amused by my confidence. I take it as a compliment. “Yeah, you with the face like a sack of pig-swill, “Would you happen to know anything about where our Mom is?"
 The ‘Master’ doesn’t answer. But a voice comes from the shadows, by a creature concealed by the rest of the group.
"Your Mother is dead."

PART TWO
SNOW ANGELS

I can’t move. His voice has reached out and frozen my blood. I am ice-cold. I don't dare speak, nor move a single inch, because then it will be real. Because then, his words will be true. Then I hear Jamie's broken gasp and my walls shatter. 
The man that the voice belongs to steps out of the shadows, but I don't need to see his face to know who it is.
It is my father. He wears a crown on his head and regal robes. As he parts the crowd, the creatures fall to their knees. He is clearly their master and king. 
It all fits but it doesn’t make sense. Will told me the new king has been on the throne for seven years. Dad disappeared from us seven years ago. Despite a police search, he was never traced. Dad knew about what we did, knew who we hunted, how we worked – that information must have made him very powerful to Them – easy enough to step in and Lord it over them. To maintain his power he intends on eliminating us one by one. He killed Mom. But why would he have done that?
Suddenly everything becomes clear to me. All the little things make sense now; how he looked supportive of our profession, but would look unhappy when he thought nobody had noticed, how he fought with my grandfather more and more often closer to the time of his disappearance, how he always asked questions about Them. 
It was all just to make plans. It was all just to betray us.
I feel Will tense by my side. My hand sneaks behind my back and reaches for my most lethal dagger, the one with the most iron in it.
"There, there," my father says, "Don't look so surprised. Aren't you glad to see me, after all these years?"
Jamie spits on the ground before him. I have never seen Jamie’s face contort with such rage. "You are nothing to us," he hisses, iron already steady in his grip. "You proved so when you left us, and now... now we're going to kill you."
Our father laughs loudly, head thrown back. He smirks at each of us. "Honestly, children, what could you possibly do against me and my army? It's all your fault," he yells suddenly. "All I wanted was a normal family! Then I married your mother, and found out her filthy hobby. She spent more of her time hunting than with me. When Jamie was born, I thought things would change, that we could become a really family, but no. She continued, and even got you two to help her. It was unacceptable. 
"But, I realized with time that the war has a good purpose. Only you've been fighting on the wrong side. The Fae world is much better than the human one. I would rather die as Fae than live miserably as a human.
"As for you," his eyes land on Will and there is a cruel promise in his cold voice. "I will not kill you, for you shall be taken to the dungeon for treason.  There you will suffer far worse fate than death."
I look at this monster in front of me. There is no trace of our father in him. He is nothing more to me than the King of the Fae – as the leader of our enemy. 
Tears prick the corners of my eyes, and rapidly blink them away. Using the King's focus on Will to brace for the attack, I breathe in a deeply and as I exhale, I send the dagger flying impossibly fast towards his heart. Somehow he sees it and blocks it with a mere flick of his wrist. The dagger clunks to the ground. The King's black eyes settle on me.
"Eleanor," his voice echoes in my head. His lips are still and I realize that he is not speaking aloud but only to me. "It will be my utmost pleasure killing everyone you have ever known whilst you watch and beg me to spare their pitiful, little lives. And you, I will save for last, so I can watch the agony of your death. Soon, daughter."
He's gone then, in a blink of an eye.
"No! No, no, no!" I run forward, trying to reach him, to somehow break the dimensions of time and space to get to him. I can't - I won't - let him get out of this alive, my father or not. I pick my dagger up from the grass. The blade has a dent where he has knocked it aside.
Cursing, I throw it deep into the shadows of the black forest. I feel Will tugging gently on my hand.
"Hey," he says softly. "It's okay, we'll get him. We'll get him,” he repeats more firmly when he sees disbelief on my face.
He wipes the tears from my cheek and I nod. Jamie stiffens. "Did you hear that?" he calls to us. I did. I heard it. The unmistakable sound of iron burying deep into Fae flesh. The dagger I'd thrown must've been what killed whoever is there, which means... we are not alone.
Dozens of Them step out of the shelter of the forest and surround us. I throw Will his weapons, taking two of my daggers, one in each hand. A glance towards Jamie shows me he's done the same. They charge at us at the same time, and we are outnumbered.
I run straight at the two of Them coming for me and viciously shove the iron into their hearts, giving a sharp twist, then I spin around to kick another who has snuck up behind me. 
Will and Jamie are handling their fights good, but even the three of us, all as experienced as we are, can't fight that many of Them.
Soon we're encircled, lost in the sea of bodies, and I don't know who is my ally and who is my enemy. 
I duck when a clawed hand reaches for my neck, but then one of Them knocks me on my back with a kick to my stomach. They rush on me before I can jump up, and I hear someone calling out my name, but in the chaos I can’t tell whether it's Jamie or Will.
A horrible screech rips through the air. With a sound similar to the shattering of glass, the Fae dissolve into nothing. I jump to my feet, and see Jamie and Will, bruised but otherwise unharmed and glancing around in confusion.
Someone giggles. "I just love the look on their ugly faces," says Aline, gracefully falling from the air. She pulls me into a hug, and I can hear her raging heartbeat. I wonder why she's scared. Then I realize that it’s mine. 
"I'm so sorry about your mom," she says. There are tears of sympathy in her eyes. She has a good soul. I can see what Jamie sees in her. 
If she knows, then it must be true. Tears fall down my cheeks in a hot stream of sorrow.
"Oh, honey," Aline says, "I didn't mean to make you cry. I'm so sorry." 
I pull away and shake my head, wanting to tell her it's fine, but no words come out, only crushed sobs. 
"Ellie," Will puts an arm around my waist, and I lean into him. "Shh... Come here." 
I see Jamie with his lips in a straight, tight line. His eyes suddenly look a million years old. He thinks it is just the two of us now. But my heart knows better It is the four of us. Jamie, Aline, me and Will. We can end this.
We will end this
We return to the house Aline found a few months back. She and Jamie talk in hushed voices in the kitchen whilst Will and I are in the only bedroom. I'm trying to sleep, to get some rest, by his orders, but I can't seem to be still. My mind keeps rushing back to earlier today. It's all too much.
I groan and bury my face in the pillow. I feel Will's lips on the back of my neck, his hands on my shoulders, easing the tension in them away. "You need to sleep," he murmurs against my skin.
"I can't."
There is silence, followed by the shifting of the bed, and then I'm in his arms. He holds me firm around the waist, and our legs are intertwined. He kisses my temple. "Sleep."
This time, I do.

*
I wake up slightly nauseated. I have been dreaming of my mother, her body, pale and stiff. Already decomposing, organs visible and patches of skin and muscle torn away, she opened her eyes as if caught somewhere between life and death.
It's six twelve am, and Will is still sleeping. I wiggle out of his embrace and head outside. The kitchen door is ajar, and I can hear Jamie and Aline's hushed voices. Unable to repress my curiosity, I peer inside and stop breathing.  
They are kissing. 
Jamie is crooning sweet words to Aline and tracing his lips down her jaw and on to her neck. Seeing Jamie like this is strange. I wonder if Will and I look this blissed when we are together.
I step away, giving them privacy. 
The air outside is crisp and fresh. The Sun is barely peeking out. The sky is just a few shades lighter than Will's eyes. I know that today is the day. This is it. I have to defeat the King. It's now or never.
The wind brushes against my bare skin, and a dandelion flows right into my open palm. I close my fingers around it, and make a silent wish for us to win this battle. Then I let it fly far, far away.
Shortly after Will wakes up, we gather in the living room to discuss battle plans. 
"I want to be the one who kills him," I insist. Jamie casts me a worried glance. "Ellie, you're still in shock, you shouldn't-"
"I will kill him," I repeat, half-shouting. Nobody mentions it again.
Will clears this throat. "I reckon we should split. Jamie, you and Aline distract and kill the King's personal guards, while Ellie and myself go to his chambers. You two cover us and I’ll eliminate anyone who tries to attack us from the inside whilst Ellie …  does the deed." *He throws me one more glance. "Will," I say, "I can do this. I need to do this. Please, trust me." Part of my words is pure anger talking, but I mean what I say. I need to avenge my mom, that much I owe her.
Jamie nods and turns to Aline, casting her a worried glance. "Do you think you'll be able to collect enough power to repeat what you did out there yesterday?" 
She is silent for a heartbeat. "Yes!" she says, "I just need a few hours alone to get it back."
"That's it, then," Jamie says, looking at each of us. "We’re pretty much ready. Spend the day practicing your moves. ”

*
The battle will be at sunrise the following day. I’m passing away the time until then not training like Aline and Will but sitting on a small ledge beside the window, gazing out on the world I might be leaving behind. The wind is blows lightly, gently picking up leaves and scattering them all over the ground. The sun is heading west, already making the skyline look pale pink. I trace my finger along the cool glass and sigh.
I wish I knew we would win tomorrow. I wish we weren't so outnumbered. I let my thoughts wander over the memories of my childhood and Mom. I see the three of us, Mom, Jamie and me, playing outside in the backyard. Mom did everything she could to distract us from the pain Dad of dad leaving us even though she hurt.
Another memory swims in; Jamie yelling for Mom to come over when I fell off my bike, scraping my knee pretty badly. She rushes out of the house, still wearing her apron, her eyes widening at the sight of me on the ground. She holds my hand as she cleans the wound, and it doesn’t hurt at all. She always knew how to make the pain go away.
Then I wonder whether she was able to make her own pain go away – in the moments before her own husband killed her. A tear escapes the corner of my eye. Another one follows.
There is a soft knock on the door. I hastily wipe my face as Jamie comes in. Wordlessly, he crosses the room and sits next to me, squeezing my knee. This is a habit of his. 
"How are you?" he asks with concern in his voice. I shrug and whisper, "I don't know. I can't think straight. Where's Aline?"
He furrows his brow. "She's sleeping.”
“And Will?” I ask
“He’s thinking our plan through." 
I nod absently. 
Silence stretches between us, and it feels so unfamiliar and foreign. 
"Ellie," he tries again. 
I close my eyes and feel tears pouring down again. "I never got the chance to say goodbye," I say, and a sound, raw and broken, breaks free from my lips.. Jamie looks at me with glassy eyes. He’s fighting back tears.. I've never seen him so vulnerable. He takes my hand.
 "I know," he says, "I didn't either. But she knows, Ellie. She knows how much we love her, no matter where she is. She knows how brave you are. Trust me."
I wrap my arms around his waist, while he pats me on my back in comfort. He doesn’t say  a single word about the fact that I'm crying all over his shirt. 
"Jamie," I say, and sniff. "If anything happens tomorrow..."
"It won't," he replies firmly.
"No, Jamie, listen, if anything happens, if something goes wrong, I need you to know that..." My voice breaks.
He kisses the top of my head. "I already know, little sister, I already know. I love you too!" I smile a tiny smile into his shoulder then look him dead in the eye. "Be good to Aline, okay?"
He opens his mouth, but then narrows his eyes. "How long have you known?"
"Not long. But I totally approve of you two. You'll be happy – I know it."
"Thanks, Ellie," Jamie says and squeezes my knee once again before standing up. "I'm going to lie down, and you should too. We all need to be at our strongest tomorrow." 
I nod. "I'll be there in a minute. Goodnight, James."
"Goodnight, Eleanor."
When the door closes behind him, I send a silent message to Mom, and then go to bed.
I'm dozing between consciousness and sleep when the bed slightly dips behind me and Will puts his arms around me. Although he can't see it, I smile in the dark.

*
I'm the last one to wake the following morning. A glance at the clock says it's seven, eleven a.m. I get out of bed, groaning and try to ignore the dread that's seeping into my stomach.
Will, Jamie and Aline are already in the kitchen, eating. They are all in their fighting gear, already equipped with weapons. Nobody is talking, and I mutely take an apple and join them. Aline looks at me. "Aren't you hungry?'"
I shrug. The truth is, I couldn't possibly eat anything right now. I feel so sick that I'd probably just retch it back out. Afterwards, while Jamie and Aline are packing a few more necessities, Will leads me outside the house.
I watch him pace a little, wondering what's on his mind. He opens his mouth to say something, but closes it almost instantly. I cross my arms over my chest, sigh. He stops pacing, and closes the distance between us.
"So?" I prompt. 
"Ellie," he shakes his head a little. "I need you to remember that if anything happens to me today…"
"No!" I clamp my hands over my ears, not wanting to hear the rest. "God, Will, don't say that. Don't even think that!" My voice dipped, "I can’t bear to even hear it, not right now. So please, don't." 
His voice is muffled by my hands, but I can read from his lips. And what he says next makes me drop my hands in a frozen shock.
"What-did-you-just-say?" I breathe. 
I must be hallucinating. Yes I am, yes I am, yes I am.
"I think I love you, Ellie," he repeats.
Oh. Or not. 
I blink at him a few times, trying to comprehend. 
"You think you love me?" I ask, like an idiot.
He smiles and blushes, “I mean, I do. I love you.” Will looks uncertain. Vulnerability is a strange look on him. "I just thought you ought to know that before we go."
I remember the first time I saw him and how he helped me. I remember Paris, and him being by my side in my darkest moments; and I remember that time in my room, when the thought I might be falling for him was hastily pushed away from my mind and locked away.
But here we are, and things have changed. 
I put my hands on each side of his face and gaze intensely in his eyes. "I love you too, Will," I whisper.
And when his lips clash with mine, I feel as if someone cut the cord that held us bound to Earth and we're floating amongst the clouds, lost in each other. Nothing bad can reach us.
I pull back. His kiss has strengthened me. I am determined to win this battle with my father. 
"You know," I say lightly, "when all this is over, you're taking me to the movies."
Jamie and Aline come from the house and join us on the meadow. We share hugs and exchange farewells. When I see Aline look at Jamie and hesitate, I mouth the instruction, "Kiss him." Her eyes widen with surprise but she obeys.
I feel a tug on my left arm, and look at Will. I grasp his hand, and say to everyone, "This is it!"
We enter the pitch-black forest.

*
In my free hand I'm holding a dagger, ready for danger. Though I haven't been in the Forest for many years, I shiver at the familiarity. There are Fae lurking behind the trees, watching us with caution. They are deciding whether we are friend or foe. They'll be on us when they realize we're the latter – there’s no doubt about that. Footsteps echo all around us, but they don't belong to our feet. Leaves rustle in the distance, and I spot two pixies watching us with their round eyes narrowed to slits.
"Beware," I murmur to the others, not wanting to disturb Them.
Suddenly, there is a shriek as a group of brownies-gone-bad jump out in front of us, venom in their expressions.
Through their screeches, I pick out the words of one of them, directed at Will. 
"You dare return to Haineland, traitor? We have orders, orders not to kill you – but as for your friends..." his sly gaze flickers to me, "they will make a delicious meal."
Will snarls, "Don't you dare touch them! I'll end you myself before you even come close." The brownie grins wickedly. "Try, boy! The King said to bring you alive, but I will not hesitate to end you, if necessary."
In a blink of an eye, the brownie is lying on the grass, choking in its own blood. Will is holding his sword-like weapon and is staring at the Fae with malice. "If any of you try repeating this one's mistakes, you will be slain. This is your final warning. Now move!"
The brownies carefully step away, and I can actually feel their rage. 
We continue in silence, increasingly wary with each step. We stop a few times to eat, drink or simply to rest ourselves. Luckily, we encounter no more unwanted surprises along the way.
At last we reach the far-side of the forest and enter the Fae meadow. It is a stark contrast to the darkness of the forest.  Here Layers upon layers of flowers are coated with gold. They shimmer in the sunlight. There is a narrow, seemingly endless path that runs through the middle of it. There is something about the flowers, the way they flicker, their beauty and magic, compel me to crouch down and reach for one, but Will grabs my hand.
"Don't,” he commands and then realizing the harshness of his tone he softens and says, “They're cursed." 
I stand up, frowning. "How?"
"They’re poisonous."
“Oh,” I reply. I am surprised that something so beautiful could be so deadly. But my mother had always warned me not to trust my eyes as much as I did. 
We go forward, keeping our eyes straight ahead. Over the curve of the horizon is a small mountain, shading whatever's behind it. Nonetheless, I have a hunch I already know.
"The Castle is behind that," Will nods, confirming my suspicions. Still, a rumble of excitement runs through me at the mere thought of being so close to their kind, so close to our goal.
Soon, we reach the hill and stop just under it. We find a place under a tree and refresh our energies once again. Then Jamie and Aline stand up, their gear already with them. 
"This is where we part," Jamie announces, and I notice Aline's eyes are glimmering with unshed tears.
I put down the bottle of water and jump to my feet. I Grab hold of Aline and embrace her, squeezing her tightly. She can't breathe, but she doesn't complain.
"I'll miss you," I say, and it's true. In such a short time, we've become close friends, and I'm most certainly not ready to lose her. Not now, not ever.
"Aw, don't worry. We'll see each other in no time, you'll see." She lowers her voice. "You can do this, Ellie. Don't let him prove you otherwise." Then she moves back to say goodbye to Will, who is busy talking to my brother. They shake hands and pat each other on the backs, like only boys can. When they part, I beckon Jamie to come aside with me. I look at him. "I don't really know what else to say, since we've been through it at the house. So just... stay safe, okay?"
He nods solemnly and then grins. "You too, sis.” He leans and whispers, “By the way, I promised Will I'd kick his arse if he let anything happen to you!"
I stifle a laugh, shaking my head. Jamie runs a hand through my hair, messing it up, and pulls me close while I curse at him. Aline clears her throat and glances at us as if worried that she is interrupting. "We have to leave," she says softly. Then just like that, they're gone.
Will's arms come around me from behind and he rests his chin on my shoulder. "We will need to go too, shortly." I sigh and turn around, and kiss him. Will responds with a puzzled grin. 
I shrug and say, "I have a feeling I don't do that nearly as often as I should."

*
Half an hour later, Will and I start our trek up the hill.  The scorching sun beats down on us. I tie my hair back into a ponytail, desperate for some relief from the heat. I am also stalling, trying to find the courage to ask, 
"Is it really necessary for you to take on all of the guards inside the Castle by yourself?"
Will throws me a look, followed by a crooked grin. "Come on, love, have a little faith!” 
I smack him on the arm playfully and then look at him intensely. "I'm serious, Will. What if... what if something goes wrong?"
"Ellie," he stops and gives me a serene look. "Nothing will go wrong. I promise. You need to stop worrying so much."
Sighing, I nod, not entirely convinced.
"Oh. My. God!" I exclaim. Despite my attempt at self-control, I’m awed by what I see before me. The Glass Castle of The Fae, in all its dark glory, looms over us. It is magnificent; about fifteen stories high. Its glass walls are reflective, hiding away the castle’s insides. I know that They can see us though – and it makes them slightly god-like. I look down to the main entrance where two guards stand. I gasp and turn to Will completely confused. "They're human!"
He nods. His jaw is clenched. "That's what happens when you're abducted by u-- Them. The ones proved worthy become either guards or maids, and the others-" He catches himself.
"Will, Tell me, please."
He takes a deep breath. "The others, They kill."
So, that's what would've happened to me, were it not for Will who saved me. I squeeze his hand.
When we sneak up closer and I realize with a start that the guards' faces are all wrong. Instead of eyes, there are two gaping black holes. Will takes out his knife and motions me to do the same. I freeze, and frantically shake my head. "No... I can't! Not humans," I whisper. “We made an oath to kill only Fae, never humans.” Tears prick my eyes and my weakness makes me angry. 
Will leans down and cups the back of my neck. "Ellie... You're so innocent. But they're not human anymore; they're just like the others here. Evil, Ellie, they're evil."
Reluctantly, I nod, and we go together, eliminating the guards with two quick slashes over the jugular. There will be time to think about it later. Now I need to stay alive. 
The inside of the Castle is dark and sinister. Everything's covered in dark red velvet, and filled with tricky hallways. Will and I team together, killing or knocking out everyone and everything in our path. I tiptoe along a side of a hallway, and notice the faint sound of footsteps. Pressing a finger to my lips, I motion to Will with my head. He nods briefly and sneaks forward, throwing open the door. The Fae guard's head snaps around, and in the second of shock that he stand unmoving, Will flings a dagger into his heart. Bright red blood pours out of the guard's body and pools on the floor. I look away.
Somewhere deep inside me is growing panic. It’s mixed with shame of what I've done. There are the beginnings of a breakdown waiting to surface. I push it down, down, down until all I can feel is adrenaline pumping in my veins where blood should. Finally, it's time for Will and me to part. The King's chamber is at the end of the hall before us, and only I am to enter. Will is going to double-check the Castle and try to reach Jamie and Aline. I look at him, not knowing what to say. He's doesn't either, for he clasps his hands behind my back and presses a kiss to my lips. The kiss is similar to the one in Paris, a wildfire out of control, and I feed off it.
He tugs on my lower lip, and I entangle my hands in his hair. When he pulls away, there are only two words he says, "End him!" before he spins around and disappears into the darkness.
I burst through the doors of King's chamber, watching with sick satisfaction the horror and surprise on his face. Miss me, Dad? I think to myself.
He greets me icily, "Eleanor." He rises from his crystal desk. "I suppose this isn’t a social call.” 
I snort and take out the dagger. His eyes widen and fix on it whilst I approach him, feigning the voice of innocence. 
"Why yes, Father, I believe this belonged to you once. I thought it was only fair for you to die by it. Fall on your own sword – kind of poetic, don’t you think?”
At that, he booms with laughter. "Please, Eleanor, don't be ridiculous. You don’t need to kill me - join me.” He extends his arms wide in welcome, “You have so much potential. I’m impressed to see you here, like this - and together," his eyes glisten with possibilities, "we'd be invincible. We’re really not that different you and I."
There's a loud shatter, and I feel as if someone is ripping me apart from the inside. I try to clear my mind and keep the grip on the dagger. Blood trickles down my arms, from my nose and the corner of my mouth.
I throw myself on the King, knocking us both through a glass wall, and screaming, "Never, Daddy, never!"
Then I pierce his heart.
The blood pours through my fingers, soaks the ends of my hair. I see the color fade from his face and see the life extinguish from his eyes.
Gone. He's gone.
"Ellie!" comes a panicked voice, sounding far away. Will?
Then I see him, rushing towards me with Jamie and Aline on his heels, and I think, Thank God they're safe, right before blackness closes itself around me.

ONE MONTH LATER

A few days after our trip to Heineland, everything was fuzzy in my memory. I’d buried the horror of all the blood and violence away. It was Aline who woke me with a cup of hot coffee and a gentle motherly stroke on my cheek. We chatted for a while until I was fully awake and then she filled me in. After killing the King, the evil literally poured out of the Fae. Aline described the incredible sight of the darkness leaving, not just the other Fae, but also from her and Will. They were cleansed: good and pure. The Seelie and Unseelie court had called an emergency meeting and laid plans for reconciliation between the two clans. It was going to be a long journey but there was hope that a time of light had descended on the land.  
Jamie and Aline are searching for a place to move in to. (I may have squealed a bit when they delivered the news.) We visit our Mom's grave regularly and take her flowers. I like to sit and talk to her. I believe that she can still hear me. I’m still deep in a tremendous grief, but I know I'll get over it. Time heals. 
Nobody is quite sure what happened to me when I killed the King, why I felt that tremendous pain. There were no physical wounds on me that link with such a pain. I guess it doesn't matter now, does it? Just one of the last tricks he’d tried to play before his cards burnt out.
Tonight, I am going out on that date with Will. I can’t stop smiling. I pull my hat and scarf out of the wardrobe. It is ice-cold outside and I’ve always felt the cold so badly. I wrap myself up and put on my boots. Within minutes I am burning up such a sweat that I unwrap myself and chuck my hat and scarf on the floor. I hear the toot of Will’s car horn. I jump up excited and pull the coat from the hook and chuck it over my arm. I am in far too much of a hurry to put it on. 
Will meets me halfway down the path. I pull him tightly to me an rub my hands along his arms naked arms. "You're freezing," I say. “Try wearing a sweater!”
He shrugs, giving me a sheepish smile. "I still have yet to get used to being human. The Fae don’t feel the cold. It's tremendously curious. Anyway, talk for yourself," he says laughing. 
At first I’m not sure what the joke is until I look down and see that I am standing in the freezing air in just a cotton blouse. Curious, I think. I’m not even shivering. Apparently love does make you all warm inside.
Something delicate and wet touches my nose, and I look up.
"Look," I say softly, "it's snowing."
Will follows my gaze and smiles a little, then he pulls me into his arms. Our lips merge, saying nothing and everything at once. When we part to catch some freezing air, I bury my face in his neck and peer over his shoulder. Quietly, I say, "I love you," then say it once again, because it seems saying it every second still isn't enough. 
"I love you too," he replies, and we stand like that in each other's arms for what seems as ages as thousands of white snowflakes dance all around us.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR: TAMMY BAŠIĆ

Tamara Bašić lives in Zagreb, Croatia, where she spends her free time writing, reading, and speaking of herself in third person. Being sixteen, most of her time goes on schoolwork, but whenever she can, she gets her pen and notebook and scribbles tales of good versus evil, often writing during recess in class. 

She is currently working on more projects than she can count on one hand, all involving adventure, hot boys and plenty of kisses. 
You can find her rambling about her characters, stories, and staying up all night for the earlier mentioned, on twitter: @tamsbookramble 


NIGHTMARE
by
Marya Heiman & Bethany Rockey


"Blake!"   My mother's voice snaps me out of the light doze that has me drooling on my English Lit book.  "You up there?"  She follows up when I don't respond.  Muttering to myself, I wipe my mouth free of saliva and push myself up onto my elbows.
"WHAT?"  I yell, wincing when it comes out more petulant than I mean it to be.  I hear sounds from downstairs, but before my mother can make her way up to my room, I'm pushing the book away from the edge of the bed, hopping off the foot and dashing for the door.  
"Just a second!" I call down, barreling out of my room.  Just as I make it to the top of the stairs, I realize I'm about to cream my grandfather, which means I crash into the wall to avoid hitting him.  
"Gramps!" I exclaim, catching my balance and blinking my eyes in surprise.  I'm not a big jock like my buddy Josh, but I'm not a small guy either.  Knocking into my grandfather like that could have ended in disaster. 
"Whoa there, Blake," my grandfather says, waving a hand at me and wheezing a little.  Clearly, we caught each other by surprise. His shock of snow-white hair stands in disarray around his withered face, but it's the book he's holding that catches my attention.  "Can we go into your room?" he asks with a look that means business. 
It is a strange thing for him to ask. I find myself nodding slowly, curious about what should warrant such privacy. I take him by the elbow and lead him around the landing and down the hallway to my room.  Mentally, I'm sorting through my room thinking of the various things I should have cleaned up off the floor, but there's no time for that now.  Once we're in my room and I’ve skillfully kicked an old pair of boxers under the bed and tossed a pile of clothes to the far side of my desk, my grandfather sits down and sets the old book on his lap.  
"Are you here for dinner?" I ask, my brown eyes shooting towards my bedroom door and the unmistakable sounds of my mother cooking.
"No,” he shakes his head with slight confusion, “well yes, but I'm really here because I want…"
Gramps wheezes, his emphysema acting up again, and runs his gnarled fingers up and down the sides of the book, "…I want to give this book to you."  His rheumy eyes are shrewd but I'm barely paying attention.  Tomorrow I've got an English exam, and I've got to meet up with David and figure out how I'm going to build the drama set he wants, and I know I'm not going to sleep well tonight.  To top it all off, Shelby is going to want her stuff back, and boy am I not looking forward to that meeting. 
"…and just want you to have this for the nightmares," Gramps finishes.  That's when I realize that I've not paid a jot of attention to what he has been saying. I try to look like I have, screwing my face up into something that I hope approximates real interest but I never was a very good actor. Guess Mom's been sharing her concerns over the fact that I've not been sleeping well lately.  She's been all over me with questions about my dreams and why I wake up yelling in the middle of the night, and probably telling him about how she's been making at least one, sometimes two trips to my bedroom when these dreams happen. Heck, she's even tried forcing me to drink some gross tea before bed, which would explain Gramp's sudden interest in my nightmares. 
"Okay, thanks," I say, reaching out for the book, and making the promise that, "I'll read it tonight.” Gramps smiles and sighs as if he has just completed a task on his to do list. He pats me on the knee and holds my look. It seems like there is more that he wants to say and suddenly I’m uncomfortable, as if something too great is being communicated between us. 
  “You wanna go down and see what Mom's got cooking?" I ask by way of breaking the tension. “I sure do. Mom always tells me I eat like a horse, but hey, I'm a growing boy and have to sustain my 6'2, 185-pound frame somehow!” I laugh uncomfortably and then I'm up and racing down the stairs before Grandpa can say anything else.  I still have his book in my hands, which I dump on the hallway table before heading into the dining room.
"What's for dinner?"

*
Normally I’d be itching to get back to my room after the obligatory 'family time' with Gramps and the rest of the crew, but lately I've come to dread the night. It just sucks. Sleeping isn't like it used to be.  Rather than dreaming the night away about the hot girls I'm going to see on my senior trip to Cancun, I'm having nightmares that leave me screaming and in sweats.  It's not as fun as it used to be, so I linger about, feigning interest in the family gossip until my Mom tells me to go on up to bed. 
Gramps calls after me as I head up the stairs, "You're still going to read the book, right?" His voice is grizzled and wavers. It is full of concern. 
Since my back is to him he doesn't see me wince as I lie, "I didn't forget." I turn and slap on a grin that I hope is convincing. I head down the stairs backwards and grab it off the side table waving it at him, "See, right here. Thanks Gramps!" He smiles and seems to perk up a little even though he starts to wheeze again.
Once in my room, the book gets tossed onto my desk with all my other school books. I make a note to read it later because right now I've got to find all of Shelby's stuff, or at least what she thinks is hers. I don't know whatever possessed me to hang with this chick... well, I do know, she's smokin' hot! I was so shocked that a girl like her would like a guy like me that I couldn't pass it up. But man, have I learned that looks aren't everything! Shelby is some kind of crazy in that pretty little head. She seemed like a cool chick at first, but the closer I got, the more I realized just how wacko she really is. Some of my buddies think I'm the one who is crazy for breaking up with her. Maybe I am, she's certainly not making my life easy now that I've crossed her. 
So here I am, gathering up the stuff she wants, which is really just all the gifts I gave her, the gifts she gave me, and the framed picture of us that she made me put in my room. I look at the image of us together and I know I should have seen it sooner. But then I get lost in the curves of her body and my mind begins to wander; her chest is so full, round, soft, and damn hot. Just as these thoughts make me reconsider our breakup and ask her to get back with me, I shake my head no. It isn't worth the drama.
"Not again," I tell myself firmly, then I purposefully set the picture face down in the shoe box of stuff. I swear girls know some kind of voodoo or something. She's not even here and she's got this power over me! 
Looking at my bed, thoughts of Shelby fade. "I've got to get some sleep tonight." I say it out loud, trying to convince myself of this truth, but I still don't want to do it. The nightmares keep coming and nothing I do seems to help. If I didn't know better, I'd think Shelby does know voodoo, because they started right around the time we broke up.  Almost like our break up stirred something up.  Whatever it is, she can have it, because I don't want it!
I shake my head and plop down at my desk, avoiding my bed.  My hand falls onto the book Gramps gave me. I run my fingers over its cover and remember that he said it had something about nightmares in it. But what could Gramps possibly know about teenage nightmares? He was a teenager like, a million years ago and this book looks about a million years old too. I scratch the surface of it and realize it's actually bound in thick real leather, "Whoa."
Chuckling, I turn to look it over more closely, muttering to myself, "Crazy old man..." I like my Gramps a lot but he has some strange ideas in his head. Maybe he has that All Timer's thing, or what ever it is called. I can never remember.  It’s that disease where old people lose their memories. 
I open the book as something to do to try and keep my mind awake. I don’t want to sleep.  But I barely get one page in before my eyes are drooping and my head is bobbing. I try to focus but I only catch a few words like 'Sandman' and 'Black Fae'.  I'm pretty sure I'm already dreaming when my head hits the pages and I wake to feel a cool breeze on my face.  
Somewhere in the back of my mind I hope it means that this will be a good dream, the little breeze feels nice. But I am horribly, horribly wrong. 
That realization comes swift and sharp. I'm sitting at a desk, in a classroom.  The desk is cold beneath my cheek. The classroom is empty.  Chalk dust drifts in the air like a thin veil but I see no teacher.  I sit up and in front of me is my English Lit test, with a big fat red 'F' on it. It’s been circled viciously as if the teacher took a real delight in seeing me fail.  It's eerily quiet and the sky outside is dark.  My hands tremble, the palms sweat all over the failed test in front of me.  My blood races.  Sweat beads on my forehead.  It's like I'm in Gym class but not moving.  Vertigo sweeps through me, but I manage to push myself to my feet. I stumble away from the desk, towards the chalkboard, which bulges outwards and toward me.  I freeze, gawking at it. It is as if something large is pushing against it from the other side.  Something large with five wicked claws that make a horrible screeching sound as they slowly puncture the chalkboard's surface.
Wait!
What... a chalkboard? We use whiteboards, not chalk... where am I? What's going on? It's so quiet, and so dark outside. The world tilts again and I feel bile rising up my throat as I loose my balance and begin to fall. I reach for a nearby desk but I can't grab onto it, my hand slips on the surface like it's covered in grease. I somehow manage to get a foot under me before I hit the ground, then....
BOOM!
The building jumps and I'm thrown to my knees. Books fall from shelves and the desks crash into one another. A glass vase shatters on the floor. Stumbling to my feet, fear races through my veins in a rush. Was that an earthquake? It felt more like an explosion... like something hit the building. I can't seem to shake the vertigo and it's really freaking me out!  The shifting floor causes me to slide into the nearest seat at one of the other desks. I turn back to look at my desk. I can see my test paper hanging off the edge and something's wrong with it. It’s melting off the desk, like it's liquid, not paper.  As the test drips onto the floor, that big F melts with it, red and angry, like the very test itself is bleeding. 
This dream is suddenly familiar and  I can't break out of it.  By now, I know that the chalkboard is going to start bleeding too. In fact the whole room will soon be covered in blood. Great, viscous clots will ooze from the cracks splitting the walls apart.
I can't help the fear that causes me to emit a strangled sound.  It's part sob, part yell, and part something else that I can only call primal. The chalkboard cracks, the blood slowly seeps out, and this time it reaches out for me.
This time something is different. The blood is … infected. Puss-filled globules of blood slop on the floor and writhe towards me like sick little monsters. This is not my normal dream... No, this is something far worse!
I stand. I run.  I race out of the classroom and down the empty hallways.  The floor is waxed to perfection, with the lights from overhead rippling in the reflection of the uneven floor tiles, warped slightly from so many feet.  It's quiet. Too quiet.
I round the corner, skidding across the floor.  My hands grapple the wall for purchase, but it's at this point that I feel the presence.  The darkness leaks from underneath the empty classroom doors behind me, pouring out from the vents in the lockers, and swelling up from the hallways.  Darkness comes and it wants more blood. I have flashes of my body being ripped apart, of my blood being added to the horror behind the wall of a chalkboard, forever bleeding and wishing for death.
Panic makes my heart race faster and faster until I honestly think it might clap out. My breath is so ragged that it burns. I step back from the looming darkness and then turn and run, and run, down the seemingly endless hall. My lungs are on fire and I can’t breathe. I look to the classrooms and my failure flashes in the windows as I race past them.  Big, fat bleeding F's that mock me, but they're nothing compared to the thing behind me.  Even thinking about the thing chasing me makes the hair on the back of my neck stand on end.
It's coming.
I trip.  I always trip, because this is the same dream over and over again.  I go flying through the air and land flat on my face with a sickening thud. Pain flashes like lightning through my body, my lungs crush and the tiny amount of breath left in them comes out in a gasp.  Still in motion, I skid across the floor, riding the hallway on my cheek in what feels like a slide that will take off every inch of skin from my face. Bracing for impact, pain explodes through me when I hit the front doors. Bruised and beaten, I look up and notice chains looped around the handles of the double doors. Locked... trapped! I shake them. Their rattle barely covers the unsettling laughter that comes from the swelling darkness behind me.
"No, no, no, no," I whimper, ashamed at my childish behavior. I start to cry as it moves towards me.  Black smoke with gleaming teeth. "Please..." I cower, covering my head with one hand and holding the other out like a stop sign, as if this will stop the evil from coming.
It laughs then swoops.  
I always wake up at this part of the dream but this time I don't; this time, I scream as it's shiny, metal teeth close over my hand. A pain like nothing I’ve ever felt before consumes me. "NOOOOOOOOOOOO," The guttural scream explodes from me and I shoot straight up and out of bed.  I toss myself to the floor in a tangled lump of sheets.  Mom is already there, standing like a looming sentinel in the dark bedroom, until I hear a click and the room is flooded with comforting, bright light. I see the worry etched into her face, which deepen her lines.
"Blake!  Are you okay?" she calls out to me as she rushes towards where I fell out of bed.  The dark circles around her eyes remind me that I'm not the only one suffering from my night terrors.  My mother is too, what with waking up and taking care of me all the time.  Every night for the last three weeks, she’s been there. She should get the Mom of the Year award for putting up with me.
"I'm fine.  It was just--just a dream."  I shake off the sheets and rub my face with both hands, trying to scrub the feeling of helpless terror from my mind.
"Blake...!"  My mother's voice is filled with fear.
I drop my hands, confused.  "What?"  I ask defensively. 
"You’re... you're bleeding..."
I look down.  Blood seeps down my arm. It is budding from ten little pricks in the fleshy part of my hand where my thumb and forefinger meet.  I go cold and feel my stomach clench. I taste my blood on my lips and I know I must look horrific, with blood smeared all over my face. My hand trembles as I hold it away from me, my eyes locked onto the bite.  The world wavers around me as I remember the teeth in the smoke.  Perfectly shaped metal teeth that gleamed, all lined up in a row.  Ten of them.

*
I don't remember much after that; it became too surreal. I was in shock.  I only remember mom freaking out and asking me how I could cut myself so bizarrely while thrashing about in my bed.  She was convinced I had some sharp object in bed with me, and how could I respond to that assumption? Instead, I tried to blow it off and go back to sleep.  Which, of course didn't happen.  Nor did Mom really believe that nothing was wrong.
Today, I can't stop looking at my bandaged hand as I go about my school day. I keep telling myself that last night’s events were not real. I come up with a series of crazy scenarios in a hope of explaining it.  I convince myself that some mouse or something got into my room last night and bit me. It wasn't real... it wasn't real.
A chill runs down my spine as I look at the door to my English Lit class. I briefly consider ditching.  I've never done it before but I’m highly tempted to now. I shake my head and force myself into the room. Why am I letting a stupid dream get to me like this? I shake it off, telling myself again that it was a mouse, and I'm acting like a baby. I decide that I'll ask my buddy David about the dreams – he’s into that kind of stuff and can probably tell me how to fix it.
Somehow, having a plan makes me feel worlds better. That is until I sit down and look up to the front of the classroom. I freeze with  shock, and look around nervously. Everyone is still here, chatting and laughing and  it's bright outside but even so, I can’t help but look back towards the looming chalkboard at the front of the class.  Our teacher is trying to explain above the noise that vandals spray-painted the white board last night. They ruined it beyond use and the janitors have recovered the old chalkboard as a temporary replacement until a new board is delivered.
The urge to be sick is almost overwhelming and it is only the abject fear beating at my chest that pins me to my seat. Class resumes and I try to hold it together, but I can't help it. At any moment I know it will start bleeding. I know that the boom is coming... the only thing missing is the test paper. I hold onto this fact like a life-raft.
"Alright class, lets put our books away and prepare for a pop quiz." Mrs. Brown's voice is suddenly clear as day and it's more than I can take. I stand and walk to the front as my teacher pulls the quiz out of her desk. 
I ask her uncertainly if I can be excused from class to go to the bathroom. My voice wavers a little and she takes it as a sign of reluctance to take the quiz. She has no idea about the quaking terror that churns in the pit of my stomach.   
"Blake, you’ll still have to take the quiz when you return.” She fixes me with that teacher stare, “And if you can't finish it by the end of class, then you'll have to come back after school. Is that clear?" Her voice is cool with disapproval, and allows for no argument.  Not that I would anyway – that’s not my style.  Now I'm seriously wishing I'd just skipped.
I nod and break into a clammy sweat. Being so close to the chalkboard is really driving me nuts and the whole class is now scrutinizing me. Mrs. Brown notes my anxiety and gives me a curious look before asking, "Are you alright Blake?" I nod and take the hall pass she's got for me.  "I'm fine," I mumble as I hurry from the room. 
I know everyone will be gossiping about my odd behavior. I'm not one to run from a test, but I had to get out of there! It was just way too close to the dream, and now here I am in the empty halls. I move a little faster; it's irrational but if I see any smoke I might start screaming.  Once out of the sight of the classroom, I veer off to the left.  I have no intention of going back to class to take that stupid quiz.  She can fail me all she wants, but I'm just done.  It's time to hunt out David and see if he has any bright ideas.  I can't go on like this.
So for the first time in my life, I ditch class. I'm not surprised it doesn't work out like I hoped – I’m not an expert at this kind of deviant behavior. It would all have been perfect, but Mr Taylor, my biology teacher catches me sneaking off to find David. It's unfortunate that just last week I fell asleep during Mr. Taylor's lecture. He personally delivers me to the student counselor; since English is the second class I'm now failing and school just started.
I don't tell the counselor anything, because what can I tell her?  That I'm having scary, crazy dreams that keep me up at night in fear of my life?  Who'd believe me? I don't want to be that crazy kid that gets remembered for being weird and scary.  When people sign my yearbook, I'd rather be no-name Blake than that.
So, when the counselor deems me properly scolded, I head out into the vast empty labyrinth of hallways and I finally find myself in the relative darkness of the school's theatre.
Trailing my fingers along the dust covered lid of a trunk, I wait for David to be done with his practice, rehearsal, or whatever he calls it.  I know that ditching class is going to get me a failing grade on that quiz and no credit, but I just don't care.  And I certainly am not going to go back after class when everyone is gone. 
I've never been particularly interested in the theatre, but I’ve always been fascinated by the nooks and crannies created by set designs and all the drama geek junk. In here, I can almost pretend nothing has happened; that there's not a creepy chalkboard in my classroom or that I have a weird bite on my hand from a dream.  Seriously, if I tell anyone this stuff, I'm going to be put away in a mental institution.
Irritation surges when I notice that David has yet again been drawn into an important theatre debate.  He waves at me to wait, but I know how David gets when he's deep in Theatre mode.  You can't pry him away for anything, and his debates go on forever.  I think if he were in the middle of a play and the apocalypse came, he'd keep right on as if nothing happened.  Plus, the more I stand here, the more I start to doubt myself. Look at David, doing all his normal stuff! I'm the freak with crazy nightmares. I decide I'm done with this place and turn to escape.    Josh will be finishing up his football practice in about five minutes.  I know he will have time for me, and unlike David, who has a tendency to cater to my whims, Josh doesn't mince words.  If I'm crazy, he'll say so, then buy me a burger.  It's a guy thing.
I take the long way around toward the sports field in order to avoid the menacing corridors. The plan works well until I see another, definitely real, nightmare creature. Shelby is flouncing about, flicking her hair and making it clear to the sports jocks that she is back on the market. I duck behind a tree before she can see me.  Stupid girlfriend. Ex-girlfriend!  Last thing I need is her carping on at me about something; especially since I’ve forgotten the bag of ‘her’ stuff.
Finally, I see Josh jogging across the field towards me. Big bulky meathead Josh, he's been my best friend since kindergarten and has always had my back. We’re a bit of an unlikely pairing but it’s the reason why most people leave me alone: Josh has always been a big dude.  Like usual, he's got at least three pert and giggly cheerleaders hanging off of him.
He shoos them away when he gets to me and they flutter off with promises of “later!” Josh flashes me a slightly embarrassed smile. This is why Josh and I are still friends; he’s not a complete ass. 
"Hey man," I say, giving a fist-bump. "How'd practice go?" Josh is hoping to gain a scholarship to one of the red-bricks on the back of his play and his dad is hard-ball about it all. For a usually unemotional dude, Josh is feeling the pressure hard. 
"Eh, fine.  You know how it is.” He shrugs. “ I get to be quarterback this year," Josh boasts, kicking at the grass with the toe of his shoe.  "You gonna come to all my games, right?"
"Of course," I say automatically,  even if  inwardly I groan. Josh is still like a little kid in many ways.  "Mrs. Brown failed me again on one of her stupid quizzes."
"Yeah, I heard about that," Josh says, giving me a strange look. 
I know that gossip spreads in this place, but even so, I’m surprised at the speed of the news of my freak-out. Josh has put on his concerned face. "You okay, bud?  You seem a little weird lately and Jessi told me you were acting strange in English class." 
Gotta love how fast the rumors fly in High school. I sigh inwardly.
"I dunno," I shrug.  "I've been having these weird dreams..."
"Dreams?"  Josh looks at me blankly and then lowers his voice, "What like, hot dreams?” 
"No! Not those kinda dreams. Bad dreams. Yeah, they're real bad."  I wonder how much to say.  I test the waters a little, "I mean real bad.  Like--"
"Oh man," Josh slings an arm around my shoulders, "You just need to get laid or something. You’re all uptight.  Stop studying so much.  Live a little, and stop being such a baby." He shoves me away and I nearly tumble to the ground. I snag a rock and toss it at him in retaliation, getting him on the shoulder, but even a good sized rock is like a pebble to that massive bicep. We laugh as he takes a swipe at me but I dance away and he misses. It feels good to laugh and forget the dream, even for just a moment. He manages to smack me in the back of the head and we call it even, still laughing. 
"Say, why don't you come with me and Jessi, to Anna's party.  She's just broken up with Mark, you know."  He waggles his eyebrows at me as if his blatant attempts to get me with the blond cheerleader aren't obvious. Jessi, Josh’s girlfriend-of-the-moment, is well known for her attempts at match-making and I have the feeling that Josh has been put on a mission.
I shrug him off.  "Maybe.  Gramps is visiting so I might be busy."  I plan on being busy.  I'm too spooked these days to go anywhere.
"Dude," Josh frowns, annoyed.  "Squash the attitude.  They're just dreams.  Don't go all weird on me.  Remember, this year we're applying for college.  And stuff."  Like the trip to Cancun we're planning in the spring.  I can tell by his face that if I don't clean up my attitude, Josh is going to ride my ass until I do.  He can be annoying as hell, but I know that no matter what, he's one of my boys.  For as long as I can remember, it's been Josh, David and I against the world.
"Yeah, yeah.  Don't worry.  Just dreams, right."
Maybe I should have waited for David after all.  I kick the ground, watching bits of grass spray up from the force.  As Josh walks away, I turn and start walking home.  Yeah, I'm the senior guy without a car still.

*
My walk home gives me plenty of time to contemplate the mess I'm in right now. How can stupid dreams cause so much trouble? And what’s really going on? The bite, the chalkboard, the test... it's like someone is seriously messing with me. But I'm a good guy... nobody hates me that much, right?
"Blake!!"
I'm snapped out of my train of thought by that screeching, annoying female voice I’ve grown to despise. "Oh, hey Shelby." I say with a total lack of any enthusiasm  in the hope that she might get the message and leave me alone.
Fat chance.
"Blake Peterson, don't you 'hey Shelby' me! You have in your possession certain items that are my property. You will deliver them to me immediately or I will simply be forced to speak to your mother concerning your errant behavior." Her blond curls bob around the perfectly creamy skin of her face and her blue eyes are on fire.  I can't help but smile a little as she rants because it's funny to me how she thinks using big words makes her superior. In reality it just makes her sound like a snob, but she only does it when she's really mad. I watch her perfectly kissable lips as she glares at me and waits for a response. I remember kissing those lips. My eyes venture further down and my heart rate picks up as I remember the other things we did together... man, she's hot!
"Blake.... Blake!" I snap out of it when she snaps her fingers in my face.  Shaking my head a little, my words come out more stumbling than I'd like, "Um, yeah... I uh, left your stuff back at my house. Sorry. I'll... um... bring it tomorrow?" I know I'm blushing and she knows she still has that kind of power over me. She smiles all too sweetly; that alluring smile she used on me in the beginning. She slinks closer to me. She presses her body up to mine and a part of my brain goes dead, I can barely process what she's saying as she slides her hand to the back of my neck and I feel the sultry warmth of her breath on my lips, so close I can taste her.
"You know..." she speaks softly, moving her hips ever so slightly against mine, "We don't have to do this. Lets just make up, Blake. I know you're crazy about me. I mean, who wouldn't be?" But it's that arrogance that I used to think was cute that gets me back on track. 
I take a deep breath and step back from her, trying to clear the hormones from my mind and think clearly. "I'm," deep breaths, dude, deep breaths! "I'm sorry Shelby, but I just can't. You're great, you really are... it's just me." As soon as I say it I realize it was the wrong thing to say. Her pretty blues are on fire again and all that hatred is aimed at little ol' me. Great.
"You will regret his Blake Peterson. You bring my stuff to school tomorrow and that's it!" She turns on her heel and storms off and I'm left regretting ever having gone there in the first place. But hey, who could say no to a rear like that?
Me, that's who. I'm such an idiot.
Pondering how much of an idiot I am makes the rest of my walk home miserable, There’s a part of me that wonders if I could have done something different.  If I'm not thinking about Shelby and the mess that's become of our relationship, I'm thinking about the creepy reality of my nightmares, or the trouble I'm in at school, then back to the upside and the down side of Shelby, and the dread of what my dreams will be like tonight. It's a miasma of thoughts that I can barely keep up with, and on top of it all, I'm tired.  Even more than tired, is the weight that this is my senior year and not only am I going to need to worry about graduating, but about getting into the right college and doing well on those SATs.
When I reach my porch, David's voice scares the crud out of me.  "Hey man!" He shouts as he jumps up from one of the rocking chairs.
I literally jump out of my shoe.  (I didn't realize that could actually happen), When I land shoeless, my ankle twists and I go tumbling down the steps up to the porch with a garbled yelp. I land squarely on my butt and I know right away that it's gonna bruise. 
"Owwww!" I yell at David, my temper short because I'm tired and stressed and now I'm just pissed at all of it, "Damn it!!" 
My backpack has split open and all my books start to fall out and it's just the last straw. I scream at it and throw the whole thing at my front door. Books go flying.  Papers go flying.  A pen sails over the edge of my porch and into the bushes.
"Wow." is all that David says as he stands there in shock. I stand slowly, rubbing my backside and trying to regain some semblance of dignity. I know I'm glaring as I clench my teeth and try really hard not to take it out on my friend as I reply, "Hello David."
David, in turn, breaks into the biggest smile I've seen on him in a while, "Dude!! That was epic!!" He laughs and scoops up a few of my books as he trots down the steps to help me. "You should have seen the look on your face!" he suddenly strikes a dramatic pose and holds his hands out as if captioning his own credit card commercial, "Priceless!" Always the performer, but he knows just how to break through my anger because I can't help but smile at him.
"Glad I amused you." I chuckle a little, still angry but whatever.
He claps me on the shoulder and I wince a little when the movement causes a spike of pain to shoot through my rear end. "Man... that really hurt," I complain as I limp over to pick up the rest of my books. 
He winces a little and then drops his head. Unlike Josh, David is acutely emotionally attuned. "Sorry I missed you when you dropped by rehearsal, we were going over the kissing scene with me and Veronica." That name perks him right back up and he flashes a great goofy grin.  "No WAY was I gonna pull away from that one. Not even for you bud." He slaps me on the shoulder.
I chuckle again as I remember how stoked he was when he found out that he and Veronica had gotten their respective roles in this play. He's had a crush on her for years. I waggle my brows a little and ask, "You kiss her yet?"
David blushes a little as he shakes his head, "Not yet." He changes the subject as he scoops up the last book and tosses it at me, "What did you stop by for anyhow? You looked all kinds of freaked out and then I hear you ditched English? You on drugs or something?"
I catch the book and this time my chuckle holds no humor, "If only it were that simple." He gives me a curious look and I motion towards the door, "Come inside, I got this book I wanna show you."
But David shakes his head, "Man, I can't stay." He frowns and looks in the direction of his house which is a few blocks away, "Mom's freakin' about all the rehearsals and said if I don't make dinner tonight she's gonna have to talk to The Teach." The Teach is what all the drama geeks call their teacher. Not sure how that came about, but it stuck. At any rate, that means David's help for tonight is nil.
My life is crap.
I sigh but nod, "I get it... but hey, just hang on a sec!" Before he can give me a negative I run inside, sprint up the stairs, find the book in my room and I'm back down in no time. Or at least I think I am, but David looks annoyed. I pant harder just to show him I really hustled. "Please, just look at this and tell me what it means about the dreams?" I quickly recap last night, the bite on my hand, the chalkboard and the test and watch as his eyes get bigger and bigger. Finally! Someone gets it!
He nods his head and looks at the book with a new respect, "I'll read it tonight, find you at lunch tomorrow, and we can figure out what's happening." He looks at me, then my hand, and then shakes his head, "That's totally freaky man." 
Then he remembers his mom and quickly grabs his bag, "Gotta jet though! Sleep tight princess! Your hero will save the day!" he shouts for the whole neighborhood to hear as he runs through my yard with a sly smile on his face. He knows I hate that. I quickly duck inside and hope no one heard or saw... sometimes I wish he was more like Josh. Somewhere between the two of them is the perfect buddy.
I hide out in my room for the rest of the afternoon, pretending to do homework when my mom attempts to come and talk to me.  I'm pretty effective at rebuffing her, and actually have a fairly quiet afternoon, until I'm forced to emerge from my self-inflicted isolation for dinner.  Luckily, dinner is uneventful and without all the pointed comments regarding my lack of sleeping.  Dad, who is rarely home these days since he started working on this big case at work, was around and for once took the spotlight off me.  

After dinner I trudge up to my room where my homework waits.  It's just past six and it's twilight outside.  As the sun sets, deepening shadows develop in the nooks and crannies of my room, putting me on edge as it’s a reminder that night is coming.  I turn on all the lights.  Every single lamp I have.  One of the bulbs is about ready to go out on one of them; it whines when I turn it on and the light surges when the switch is flipped. With everything lit up, the shadows retreat – for the moment.  I shut my door.  
Homework is the furthest thing from my mind.  As I kick off my sneakers, I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror.  I don't even recognize myself.  My dark hair is messy, unruly.  Okay, that's normal.  My skin, usually tan from my rounds at the lake during the summer, is now ghost-pale. My eyes look black as opposed to their normal brown. Dark circles hang to the skin beneath them. No wonder David asked me if I was doing drugs.  I look like one of those meth addicts you see on that TV documentary, Intervention! Maybe Josh was right and I just need to get laid. But that thought only leads my mind back to Shelby... that one time. My body heat raises a degree or two but then I yell at myself, "No!"
Wincing, I slam the closet door shut then flop down on my bed.  Tomorrow, I’ve got to have my calculus homework complete and I have to finish up that English Lit homework I slacked on yesterday. I try to focus on calculus and not Shelby.  It's too much.  All of this is crushing me and all I want to do is sleep. Homework seems trivial when compared to everything else going on in my life. Sleep seems like a long lost friend who now hates my guts! Tonight is my dad's favorite TV show, which means he'll come get me just before it starts.  My eyelids feel heavy, and I think to myself... Just a little nap. I'm so tired maybe I won’t dream at all.
Immediately, the nightmare is on me.  My eyes are barely closed when I find myself lost in a maze of lockers.  It looks like a school's gym locker room – not  the gym at my school, but like one you'd see on TV.  I'm already running, my feet hitting the floor fast with a patter-patter-patter!  My heart races and I know that that thing is behind me!
The fear feels the same, but the environment is different and I feel different.  It's only when I pass by a mirror hanging off of an open locker that I catch a glimpse of myself and I stop dead in my tracks.  I'm about three inches taller than my normal five foot ten, and about forty pounds heavier.  My hair's blond and I have this doughy look that all the football jocks have when they play too hard and drink too much booze.
What the hell?
I can't linger, though, because it's coming and it wants me. I glance back and then break into a dead run once more.  My hand throbs as I pump my arms, blood pulsing out of the now open wound in time with my ever increasing heartbeats.
"Billy... Biiiiillllllllllllyyyyy..."
A voice reaches my ears like the hiss of a snake. It's calling me, but I'm not me!  My name is Blake, not Billy!  Panting, I turn a corner and find myself trapped in the bathroom and shower stall area.  I briefly consider turning and going back the other way but it's right behind me so I run further in and try to find a place to hide. I frantically search but there is nothing to conceal me. Water explodes out of the nozzles of all the showers and sinks at once, shooting me in the face as I run.  Only it's not water, it's scalding hot blood and it seeps up from the floors too, as if thousands of kids have died in this locker room.
"Billy... you have what I want... my life."
The... thing crawls into the locker room, curling like viscous ooze with black-slime tentacles.  Its eyes are red, and gleeful and somehow I know that this thing, this time, is different.  Like... somehow...this is it.  But I can't pay attention because my dream-self is reaching for an old shower rod as the thing of darkness starts solidifying.  My dream-self is remembering a life much like Josh has.  A football player with a gorgeous cheerleader girlfriend.  Nothing to set me apart from the crowd -- but this isn't me!  I'm not Josh nor am I Billy! -- but in desperation my fingers close around the rusty metal of the old rod.
I pant.
"Leave me alone!!!" I scream, lurching towards the darkness, just before it shrinks down to this tiny creature with the brightly glowing red eyes and sharp little teeth.  My hand throbs in remembrance. 
Just before I connect with this little black, oozing demented thing with wings, it springs from the floor, blood dripping from its wings as it shoots towards me face and bites me. Again! This time, those sharp teeth sink into the tender flesh of my cheek, through the flesh and muscle to sink into my teeth and bone, and I scream. And scream. And scream as a river of blood flows into the room, choking down my throat and into my eyes. As I drown in the metallic tang, I come to known on some instinctive level that this, this thing, is what’s causing my dreams. That somehow, I am ...
I jerk awake, screaming and crying.  I'm ashamed to be crying, but at the same time, I’m overwhelmed by both fear and relief to find myself in bed.  As soon as I realize where I am, the crying stops but I immediately feel this incredibly sharp pain in the side of my face and the very real metallic tang of blood in my mouth.  Writhing around on the bed, I gasp and make a low gurgling sound of agony, struggling to get myself together until finally, I yell, "MOM! MOM!  I NEED YOU!"
Sticky blood runs from the ragged wound in my cheek.  My molar is cracked. I can feel the stabbing pain in my bone. Even into my eye.
What is happening to me?

*
When we return from the emergency room I'm less one tooth and plus a few stitches and the promise of a whole bunch of dental repair work. It's been determined that some sort of rat has taken up residence in my room and an exterminator has been called.  Bitterly, I wonder how they can believe a rat did this to me, but at this point the painkillers they gave me have made me numb to it all. 
To top it all, when they gave me the anesthesia I apparently started screaming about the little black demon in my bed. I don't remember it, but it gave me chills when I was told about it. I don’t know if it’s the powerful drugs they have given me or something else, but I have the feeling that something is crawling on me. Like when you see a spider run across the floor and it echoes on your skin - like feathers... or maybe like little black wings, with sharp silver teeth, and blood red eyes... I shiver.

My room has been deemed uninhabitable, so I am supposed to sleep on the fold out couch in our living room. Whilst I'm getting ready for bed in the downstairs bathroom, my mom makes it up for me, fussing over me like when I was little. It feels kind of nice.  Once I'm settled in, and given fresh painkillers, she sits with me for a while and tries to tell me to rest.  How can I? Even thinking about closing my eyes brings up images of that thing as it came at my face and the pain of its bite, no... no, it was a rat, the rat bite surges with pain. Yeah.
I can't shake the feeling of being watched. I'm so tired but the fear is keeping me awake. Mom finally gives up, "Maybe I'm too much of a distraction. I'll just go to bed. But please try and rest, dear." She trails her fingers along the side of my face that isn't torn up and gives me a worried smile, "I love you, it will all be okay in the morning." I can tell she's really worried about me, she’s probably worried that I'm going crazy. She gives me a hug and I squeeze maybe a little tighter than normal.
I watch her walk upstairs wishing she didn't have to go. I'm nearly eighteen and I shouldn't need my mommy to make the bad dreams go away, but a part of me cries out. It's silent, but it's there. I curl up for a few seconds, but then the anger surges. I sit up and toss the blankets from me, looking around the shadow cast room with a newfound hatred. No tiny little winged.... fairy is gonna get the better of me!!
"Come out." I say it quietly but I'm pretty sure it can hear me. The rational part of my brain screams at me that this is crazy, that it was a rat, that dreams aren't real. But something in my gut tells me I'm right. It's real. And the only way I'm going to be rid of this nightmare is to confront this thing face to face.
Nothing happens.
I stand up and decide that if it's not gonna come to me, I'll go to it! "Where are you?" I quietly demand, no one else in the house needs to know I'm crazy. I probe every dark corner, pull the fake flowers out of mom's favorite vase and look inside, I move chachkies and look behind them, I rustle the branches of the potted plants. When I find nothing and the only thing left is the underside of the bed I hesitate. It's childish but we all know that's where the monsters are. I scold myself again, I am a man! I will not be afraid of something so tiny!

I crawl over, grab the blanket, toss it back up over the mattress, and there they are. Those tiny red eyes glaring at me. I am so shocked to have actually found something that I scramble back as quickly as I can, slamming into the bookshelf and barely able to strangle out a startled yelp. 
It's laughing at me! But in that laughter I also hear the wobbling sound of something about to fall over, I look up just in time to be caught square on the nose by Dad's Babe Ruth baseball,  his most prized possession. It was on the top shelf, and now my nose is broken.
Stars erupt in my eyes and darkness consumes me as I slump to the ground. I struggle to wake but I've forgotten why it's important. That is until I see those red eyes hovering before me, "You're too easy." It's snakelike voice raises the hair on my neck. Am I dreaming? But I can't even get my mouth to work to scream or give it some witty retort.
It sneers at me, its metallic teeth flashing, "You're pathetic! You waste what the world has given you." It gets right in my face and growls, "I was like you once, Billy. Big and strong, popular, and I got all the girls. I was going to do things! I was going to be somebody! But you! You waste it, you take it for granted. You have no idea what you have." This thing is nuts! I don't know why it keeps calling me Billy but it's freaking me out! 
I can barely move, and speech is even harder, but I have to try and convince him that I'm not this Billy person.  Maybe this will end and he'll go away... maybe.
"Blake! I'm Blake..." It comes out muffled and barely understandable, but I go on, "Don't know who Billy is, but Billy is not me." Some part of me hopes that it will just suddenly stop all the scary stuff and apologize for the mistake in identity, but no such luck. It snarls ever louder, "Of course you’re not Billy! I'm Billy!" I can see a brief flash of confusions in it's mad little red eyes, but then its focus turns back to me and the smile it gives me is laced with insanity.
It reaches over and pushes on my nose in the exact spot where it's broken; causing the cartilage to grind together and sending searing daggers of pain through my whole head. I whimper and the pain nearly knocks me out.
"But I will make you pay, Billy. You will never. Sleep. Peacefully. Again!"
He pushes on the broken nose with every word; grinding, grinding, grinding, grinding. I loose my furtive grasp on the waking world as the pain drowns out everything else. I cling to the hope that being knocked out this way will make it impossible to dream. But the dream demon didn't lie and my night is filled with horrors beyond explanation that leave me trembling and broken by morning.  
I leave David a text message to call me back, then text Josh to let him know that I won't be able to go out with him to that party.  I'm not feeling in a party mood, all things considered.

I roll stiffly out of bed, drawn to the kitchen like a bloodhound when I smell the bacon and eggs.  My face throbs, though, somewhat killing the buzz of hunger, but before I can even open my mouth to complain, mom is right there with another round of painkillers. She's smiling until she gets a look at my face.  "Good God, what happened to you?" tears  spring to her eyes. I should have thought to protect her from this, it didn't even occur to me to go to the bathroom and clean myself up. Not that I could have fixed it, but maybe just cleaned up the blood or something. I didn't think it was possible to feel even worse, but I do.  
"My... I had…"  I stumble on the words, unable to speak clearly with all the facial swelling.  "Ran into the bookshelf and dad's baseball..."  I'm suddenly even more exhausted.
"Honey... honey..." My mother is at a loss.   "You wait right here.  Your father's already gone to work. I'm going to call your doctor again.”
She gives me a look and I feel that if things keep going this way,  I won't be alive to see graduation.  Suddenly, the sadness of that overwhelms me and I drop my eyes, collapsing onto one of the kitchen chairs.  My mother gives me one more look, and then kisses me on the top of my head like she used to.
"I love you, you know that, right?"  she asks, as she slips her arms around my shoulders and holds me tight. 
"Yes, I know.  I Love you too, mom," I mumble, my words slurred.
The look my mother gives me cannot be described.  It's like she's already lost me, and there's nothing she can do.  I know she thinks it's drugs, but how can I explain?  It's not bath salts (the hospital checked; they don't want face-eating crazy people here in our small town), or anything else.  I heard the doctors telling her that they think it's some sort of street drug I've found.
"Mom…"  I start to try and explain, but she's gone, hurrying into her office to make the doctor's appointment and get stuff out of the first aid kit to clean me up.
I sit there dejected, until I hear my cell phone beeping at me from the couch bed. I shamble into the living room, where it's still dark and quiet.  Although it is morning, there is no cheery glow of sunlight.  I hit the slider to answer the phone, "Hello?"
"Blake!  Are you there?"
"David?" I mumble, but something in his voice pierces my sluggishness.  An urgency that I have not heard before.  "What…?"
Before I can finish my sentence, I'm hit from behind and thrown face forward across the bed.  The phone clatters to the floor, spinning away from me face up.  I can still hear David's tinny voice, loud in the silence. Burning laughter erupts behind me. A rake of claws travel down my calf, ripping my pajama bottoms and sinking deep into the flesh. The pain is beyond words. "--Blake, Blake, you there?  I read the book -- and it's bad.  It's a--"
David's words become the background to my pain as I frantically try to roll over and face my attacker. It's tiny! How is it this strong? It's just a little black-winged --
"--It's a fairy, Blake!  A real, live fairy.  An evil sandman that brings nightmares instead of –“ 
Its voice slithers into my ears, "I'm going to eat you, punish you for all that you have that should be mine!"  
At the moment I finally manage to get myself off the bed, the little thing digs sharp claws into my back! I reach behind me, trying to yank at any part of its body that I can get a grip on.  Just in time, I fling it away from me but all that does is slow it down.  There's nothing in the living room that screams weapon except for maybe a heavy book, Before I know it, the creature  is flying after me again! I look for the heaviest book I can find and I grab it. 
"Stay back!" I yell, as hard as I can.  This gets my mother's attention, and I can hear her starting to make excuses on the phone.  But I can't let her come in here, not to this. 
"--BLAKE!  WHATEVER YOU DO--"
The fairy comes at me again.  I squeeze my eyes shut and throw the book.  I am the worst hero ever. I hear the sound of a sickening squish.  Josh's advice rings in my ear, "Just squash it, bro."  
I crack one eye open.  Then the other.
David's tinny voice rises in panic as the little twisted legs and one broken wing starts to melt into a black ooze.
"--DO NOT KILL IT!!"
Oh crap, it's too late.  I've killed it.  
Collapsing to my knees, David's voice cuts off as the black stuff crawls towards me. I can't move away, I’m paralyzed as I watch it curl over my pants.  Thick, viscous, and evil.  It splashes up my body, sending tendrils of hate deep into my heart. An overwhelming pain burns through every cell of my body. The creature's dark heart consumes me.  I’m changing, becoming different. What's happening to me? This goes beyond fear, I'm terrified! Please let this be a nightmare! 
Then everything starts to feel  better; my nose is healing and the bites fading away.  I taste my blood as the wounds in my mouth close up – it  tastes good.  My teeth sharpen, and my body shrinks.  Hatred fills me;  hatred and jealousy for everything that these wretched creatures have and that I now can't have.. Billy was right, I took it all for granted and now I'm paying the price. But I wont be alone.  School, girlfriends, family, love.  Everything human must be devoured.
I lick my lips, no longer in pain, and think it's time I pay my girl Shelby a visit.  She may not get her stuff back, but she'll get something all right.
And so will I.

The End

ABOUT THE AUTHORS: MARYA HEIMAN & BETHANY ROCKEY
http://www.marya-beth.com


 Bethany and Marya have been friends and writing buddies for many years.  Their shared love of the written word brought them together and from the very start it seemed as if they had been friends since birth. Both Bethany and Marya currently fit their writing around full time jobs. Bethany is a software engineer and Mayra is a full time mummy to two wonderful boys as well as a book cover designer for Strong Image Editing.

As you read this, they are busy working away at the first book of their series, 'Bloodbound' which is due for release later in the year.





CONDEMNED
By
Linda Foster

“Ash,” a girl shouted from across the room. He heard her, but barely; the music was louder than he’d ever heard it, and there were at least one hundred people crowded into the house, screaming and laughing. She had sounded stifled and far away, but he turned to the sound of her voice, searching for her. He was sure it had been his sister. Ducking and weaving through the crowd, he finally found her, meeting her eyes through the sea of classmates. Grace grinned and waved, and began shoving through the people, trying to get to him. 
Ash watched his sister approach, laughing. By the time she got there, she was flushed and pink, her chest heaving. Her eyes were also glossy, he noticed disapprovingly, her walk more of a stumble than anything else. She’d spilled most of the drink in her hand with her inability to walk straight, and arrived by falling into him.
He caught her by the arm to steady her, but quickly buckled under the added weight, and they fell into the couch together, laughing. Ash looked around, breathless, wondering if anyone else had seen that exhibition of drunken stumbling. He loved his sister, but her drinking was getting seriously out of control. He scanned the room, seeing the usual group of jocks and cheerleaders, laughing, joking, and flirting, and all unabashedly intoxicated. Suddenly, his eyes stopped and drifted slowly back to a face that didn’t belong. 
There … the man at the top of the stairs. He’d seen him only seconds earlier, he was sure, though he hadn’t paid much attention to him. Now, however, the man was staring at Grace with a smile on his face. A smile that Ash didn’t like.
Ash glanced around, wondering if anyone else saw the man, or if his sister had caught sight of him. Something about the guy made him uncomfortable, and he definitely didn’t like the way he was looking at Grace, like she was his next midnight snack. He felt the urge to go and say something to him, but didn’t want to go making trouble on his own. If anyone else had seen the guy, maybe he could find an ally. Unfortunately, everyone else appeared to be either drunk or busy, and when he glanced back, the man was gone. Ash shrugged and let it go, chalking it up to his imagination or the double vision from the beer in his hand. Now that he thought about it, he wasn’t sure if he’d even be able to describe the guy. He looked down at the drink in his hand and put it carefully to the side. If he couldn’t remember the face of someone he’d seen two seconds earlier, he’d obviously had enough to drink.
Grace, on the other hand was still drinking and giggling hysterically at his side. He turned to her, trying to put the man out of his mind for a moment.  
“What is it, Grace?” he mumbled, his eyes running around the room. 
“How did it go with Stacey?” she asked raising an eyebrow. 
He grinned self-consciously, and all thoughts of the creepy man scattered. Stacey, the cute girl his sister had introduced him to earlier, was on the cheerleading team with Grace. She had short strawberry blonde hair, cut just above her chin, and brown eyes that turned to gold in the sunshine. Her smile took his breath away. He’d had a crush on her for months, and when Grace found out, she’d brought him to his party to introduce him.
He knew he was lucky to have a sister like Grace. She was a typical cheerleader; beautiful, with long blonde hair and a brilliant smile. And of course, she was popular. She’d always claimed that she had a deeper side, though, and drew the line at dating guys who didn’t also appreciate her mind. Ash had lived with her long enough to know that she was just as smart as she was beautiful, and went far deeper than most people realized, though she didn’t always show it. Ash, on the other hand, had always been a bit more socially –  how to put it? – challenged. It wasn’t that he didn’t have friends, or that he’d never had a girlfriend. He was just pickier about who he let into his life. But he’d started coming into his own popularity, courtesy of making the JV lacrosse team this year, and was building a wider group of friends, much to his sister’s delight. Some of the seniors on the varsity team had even invited him to coffee the day before – which meant he’d practically made it. Still, he would never have been invited to big parties like this without his prom-queen sister dragging him along. And he’d certainly never get to meet girls like Stacey.
He ran his eyes over the crowd again, wondering about the girl in question, and nearly jumped out of his skin when he saw the creepy guy he’d been looking for. He was standing on the other side of the room now, still in a position to stare at Grace. The crowd seemed to have opened up before him, giving him a direct line of sight toward the sofa where they sat. He was still staring at Grace like he was going to eat her for dinner. Or worse.
Suddenly the man peeled his eyes away from her and turned them in Ash’s direction. Ash shivered, but stood his ground, doing everything he could to take in more of the guy’s features this time. He didn’t know what it was, but something told him that he needed to remember this man’s face. He was tall, and thin … almost too thin, actually. He looked sick. He had a black beard and mustache, which matched his jet-black hair. Classic bad-guy features. His eyes had a faint glow to them, and looked almost … red. The man looked like he was dressed for a Halloween party more than anything else, in dress pants, a red vest, and a black shirt underneath. 
Ash knew that he’d had more than enough to drink at the party, but the man’s creepiness was quickly erasing his alcohol buzz. What on earth was someone like that doing at a high school jock’s party? He wasn’t a jock, and he sure wasn’t a popular kid at school.
When Ash blinked, the man disappeared again.
He turned and poked Grace in the shoulder, hoping she’d been paying attention. “Did you see that guy?” he asked in a whisper, motioning to where the man had stood. This time he couldn’t shake the presence off. There was something very wrong about the guy. And whatever he’d been doing there, it was all about Grace.
“Is this your way of saying you don’t approve of my choice of date for this evening?” Grace asked incredulously. “I’m not so desperate that you need to point out guys for me. I can find them on my own, thank you!”
“No, seriously,” Ash mumbled. “There was just a guy standing there and now he’s gone. There was something seriously weird about him.” Leave it to Grace to be drunk when he had something important to tell her.
“Okay,” Grace replied sarcastically. “No more drinkies for you.”
“Grace I’m being serious.  Could try to sober up for half a second?” Ash asked, his eyes still scanning the room. Grace snorted and ignored him.  
“Grace,” Ash muttered, grabbing her arm and turning her to face him. “There was this strange guy and he was staring at you.” He wished she’d listen to him for once, but a part of him realized that it was a lost cause; Grace was his best friend, only two years older than him, but she tended to blow off important things like personal safety. He’d spent much of his young life getting her out of scrapes and pulling her out of the road before she got hit by a car. It was a wonder that she’d survived this long. 
“Oh Ash, stop being so dramatic,” she laughed. “I don’t know who you’re talking about, but I haven’t seen him.” 
Ash glared at her. He knew he was being overprotective, but he also knew that he was absolutely right to feel that way. She was his only sister, and he didn’t want her hurt. Besides, if anyone did anything to her, he’d have to kick their ass, and considering how much bigger the disturbing guy was than him – not to mention older – that would probably end badly … very badly.
“Grace,” Ash continued, feeling like he was trying to reason with a brick wall. “You haven’t been talking to any strangers have you?” Frustration crept into his tone, despite his efforts to stay calm. Alienating her wouldn’t do any good, after all. She’d always been too stubborn for her own good.
Unfortunately, it seemed he’d already crossed that line. Grace stopped laughing and all the humor vanished from her face. “Excuse me?” she asked, raising one eyebrow in anger. “What are you, an after school special?”
Ash sighed. No help there, then, and if she was angry enough, she’d get up and desert him, going off on her own – probably straight into the arms of the guy he’d seen. Suddenly, the whole party seemed like a horrible idea. The more he thought about it, the more convinced he was that the guy meant Grace some harm. He wanted to get out of there, get his sister home to safety. The question was how to do it? Grace was already mad at him, and wasn’t going to leave willingly. He’d have to try and out-wit her.
Suddenly he saw a flicker of something out of the corner of his eye; bright red, laughing eyes. He could swear it. Eyes that promised terrible things, and mocked his inability to do anything about it. Heat and fear spread over him and his own eyes shot around the room, searching out the owner. Eyes couldn’t appear without a face – and body – to go with them, which meant that the guy must be standing right next to them. The man was nowhere to be seen, but the image of those red eyes wouldn’t leave him. It was as if they’d branded themselves onto his brain. He couldn’t shake the feeling that he was being watched, along with his sister.
They had to get away. 
“Can we get out of here?” Ash asked abruptly, turning toward his sister. He didn’t care if he was being rude. Dread was setting in, and if she said no he thought he’d probably drag her out anyway. The man with the red eyes had him on edge, and he couldn’t ignore it. 
Grace glanced at him with an incredulous look on her face, confirming his fear that she’d say no. After she stared at him for a moment though, her features softened. Maybe she could see the fear on his eyes. He was her little brother, after all.
“Sure.” She yawned. “This party is getting boring, and I need to lie down.” 
Ash almost whooped with relief. He scooped Grace off the couch, set her on her feet, and carved his way through the crowd, holding her hand tightly for fear that she might be snatched away from him at any moment. He registered the looks from some of the other guests, and knew that they’d be talking about them leaving so early, but none of that mattered now. All that mattered was that he needed to get her out of there. Now that they were leaving, the pressure that had been building in his head was getting worse. They had to get out of the house before that guy found them, or something bad was going to happen; he was sure of it. 
They stumbled out the door and down the driveway, tripping over each other in his hurry. Grace had picked up on his nervousness, and now seemed just as keen to leave as Ash. They’d both had too much to drink, though, and he wondered how they were going to get home. He stood, looking around nervously. There was nothing for it – the risk of them dying in a car accident seemed less than the darkness that was threatening.  When Grace went for the driver’s seat, though, Ash was quick to grab her hand and take the keys. 
“Hey,” Grace mumbled, “give those back!”
“Nope,” Ash told her sternly. He was swaying where he stood, a slight buzz still racing through his bloodstream, but he was positive that he’d be a safer driver than Grace. She was barely able to stand up on her own. Neither of them should drive, but they’d be better off with him behind the wheel.
“Ash, stop it,” Grace slurred. She held her hand out expectantly, waiting for Ash to drop the keys and give up the fight. “It’s my car. You aren’t driving it.” 
Ash slanted his eyes to the right, stalling to give himself more time, and gasped. There, reflected in the car’s window, were the red eyes, highlighted against the outline of a tall, thin man. The shadow moved, and then he saw the flash of teeth. 
He spun around. To either side of the house was forest, and nothing else. No one was there, nothing moved. It could have been an animal, he told himself. Then he saw glints of red in the forest, where there’d been only darkness. He turned quickly, grabbed Grace, and, throwing open the driver’s side door, shoved her in. He jumped in after her, pushing her into the other seat through some superhuman feat of strength, and slammed the door behind him. Slammed the locks down.
“Ash, what’s wrong?” Grace asked, her eyes wide and frightened. 
He glanced in the rearview mirror, his breath so ragged that he couldn’t answer. There, leaning casually against one of the parked cars, was the man, his burning eyes focused intently on them. The man smiled slowly, as if he knew what Ash was doing, and knew that it wouldn’t work. 
Panic shot through him. He threw the car into first gear and slammed on the gas. 
“We’ve got to get out of here, Grace,” he muttered. “Hold on!”
As he pulled out onto the road, he kept most of his attention on the rearview mirror, watching to see whether the man followed them. Some deep, more rational part of his mind told him that he was over-reacting and being fairly ridiculous, but he shut that voice down. Something was seriously wrong with that man, and he didn’t care what anyone said. The man had stepped out of the pages of a horror novel and Ash knew that if he caught them, terrible things would happen. The car travelled forward into the darkness, but Ash kept his eyes on the road behind them. If the man followed them, he wanted to know about it. 
When a set of headlights appeared in the mirror, Ash’s stomach dropped. This was a well-used road, and that could be anyone behind them, but the image of those eyes wouldn’t leave him. He didn’t think that was any human behind them.
“Ash look out!” Grace screamed.
His eyes shot to the road in front of them. He’d been so focused on what was happening behind them that he hadn’t noticed when he started to swerve. Now he saw, to his horror that he was on the wrong side of the road. The lights of a semi-truck shone right in front of them, and the horn blared out in warning. Ash tried to swerve the car out of the way, but he was going too fast. 
His last memory was the sound of his sister’s scream and the crushing of metal.
*
The cold night air swept through Ash’s hair and across his face, tugging him awake. His head pounded, and his thoughts were foggy. They started to come together slowly, but not enough to recall anything tangible. There was something he needed to remember, he was sure. Something important. But his head hurt and he was cold, making it harder to think. He wasn’t even sure where he was. 
	He tried to blink, but couldn’t get his eyes to open at all. There was a ringing in his ears, and a terrible pounding at his temples. I must be hung over, he thought, though this was far worse than any hangover he’d ever had. He groaned and tried to move, but a horrible pain shot through his head and down the entire side of his body. He’d barely managed to open one eye when he saw him.
	Red eyes stared at him, glowing like embers. Below them, a wide grin stretched across a gaunt face. Ash’s gasped. He knew this man, but the recognition slipped through his mind like a shadow. There was a solid thought there, but every time he attempted to pull it to the front, it vanished. He tried to sit up, desperate to get away from the man and his never ending gaze, but his arm gave out and he ended up slamming right back down onto the … pavement? His mind grew fuzzy again at the thought, but he tried to focus, to take in his surroundings. Bright lights appeared, highlighting the landscape around him, and he gasped. The forest. The road. 
He looked up, wiping an unidentifiable liquid from his eyes, and found that the man was now standing right over him. He leaned down, his breath falling on Ash’s face. 
Before the man could speak, though, something distracted him and his head snapped to the side. Ash turned his head and saw the vague outline of a girl with honey-colored hair and eyes that glowed a warm hazel. She made him feel safe and warm, and he smiled. The man, on the other hand, seemed to find her distasteful. He hissed and disappeared. After a moment, the girl smiled sadly and disappeared as well, into a soft white light. Ash lifted his head, looking for her, and saw instead the flashing of blue and red lights in the distance. There were voices too, coming quickly toward him.
“Don’t move. You’re going to be alright,” someone said. Whoever it was turned and yelled something to someone else, and then turned back. Ash gasped, convinced that the man with the red eyes had returned for him, but when he looked up he saw a policeman above him. A man with normal eyes. The man pushed him down and stared at him, concern written all over his face. “Can you hear me? Can you speak?”
The man turned around again, motioning for someone to come to him. Then a medic came into view and the policeman moved away, saying something along the lines of “This doesn’t look good.”
Ash desperately wanted to ask him what the hell he was talking about, but wasn’t able to get his lips to form the words. He didn’t even know if his voice would work – if anything would work again.. The medic put his hand against Ash’s cheek and moved a flashlight in front of his eyes. The light burned. He tried to bat the man’s hand away, but his body wasn’t responding to his commands. He was having trouble thinking at all.
“Get him to the hospital. Quickly,” the medic said. “Make sure you call ahead. The girl is starting to go into shock. She’s going to need to go straight into surgery to try and stop the blood loss.”
The policeman came back and stood beside the medic, looking grim. Ash frowned. Girl? Bleeding? That important thought came back, teasing along the edges of his mind, but darkness began to play in the corners of his vision, shutting everything else out. He fought it off, trying to keep the policemen above him in focus. 
“It’s going to be okay, son,” the policeman said. “We’re going to do everything we can.” 
Ash didn’t hear him. He was too busy looking at the man standing behind the policeman, his red eyes glowing in triumph. Then the world, the noise, and what was left of the light went dark. Everything faded away, leaving only the red eyes of the mystery man.

*
Ash began to re-gain consciousness some time later. He had no idea how much time had passed, but he felt like he’d been having a terrible dream. There was an annoying beeping to his left, and something that sounded like wind. There was something lying across his face, too, and it was stuck to his nose. He lifted his hand to move whatever it was. His head still hurt, but it was a dull, heavy pain rather than the sharp one he remembered. When he opened his eyes, he saw a familiar facing sitting next to him, looking distinctly tired and anxious. 
“Ash!” The frantic sound of his mother’s voice jerked him fully awake. Both of his parents stood next to him. His mom’s dark brown hair was disheveled, her eyes puffy and bloodshot, and her face splotchy with crying. His dad had tears in his eyes, and his normally smooth chin and cheeks were covered in rough stubble. They looked like they hadn’t slept in months. What on earth was going on here? he wondered. Had something happened?
Then images began flooding his mind … a policeman and a medic, a dark night, a roadside, flashing lights … his sister bleeding and hurt … and another man. Ash fought to recall what he’d looked like, but the memory was fuzzy. He’d had … red eyes? At the thought, panic hit him. Ash’s eyes shot around the room, taking in the bed, the machines that surrounded him. 
Suddenly, everything from that night slammed back into place. They’d been at a party. There had been a strange man staring at Grace, and he’d convinced her to leave. The man had terrified him, and they’d both been frightened. He’d driven away from the house, watching the road behind them. He’d been so obsessed with making sure that no one was following that he hadn’t watched the road. 
Ash had crashed the car. The thought hit him like a ton of bricks and stole his breath. All of a sudden he felt light headed. It wasn’t a dream, or a nightmare. It was real, and Ash was in a hospital. That meant Grace…
“Grace?” he gasped. His throat was raw, and made his voice sound raspy. At the mention of his sister’s name, their mother began crying uncontrollably. Her shoulders sunk down and she buried her face in his father’s chest. His dad closed his eyes and turned his head away to look behind him.
Ash’s own eyes followed, to find Grace lying in the bed next to him. She was as pale as the white hospital sheets, except for the black and blue bruising across the left side of her body. Long red cuts covered her left arm, face, and neck. The heart monitor attached to her beeped slowly. A tube ran into her mouth, and something that looked like an accordion moved up and down with her chest. She looked awful.
Ash stopped breathing at the sight of his sister. The machines he was hooked up to went nuts and alarms started beeping in the hallway. Two nurses ran into the room, one holding a large needle filled with clear fluid. This only intensified his panic. He began to thrash around, his only thought that he needed to get to Grace. Make sure that she was okay.
“Ash, calm down honey,” his mom tried to say through her sobs. He paused, waiting for the assurance, but it didn’t come. She didn’t say that Grace was going to be okay, and that told him all he needed to know. 
“It doesn’t look good,” the policeman had said.
Before he could ask the question burning in his mind, though, the nurse injected the fluid from her needle into the tube connected to his arm. A moment later, a warm, fuzzy feeling enveloped him. He tried to fight the sleep, which he didn’t want. He wanted to help his sister. He wanted to wake her up and beg her forgiveness. He tried to ask his mom, tried to sit up again, but within moments the drugs took hold of him and wrenched him into the unwelcome darkness.

*
Ash woke to the rhythmic sound of the hospital machines. A doctor was standing at the end of his bed, checking his charts and talking quietly to their parents. When the doctor saw that Ash was awake, he came over to him, shined a light into his eyes, and glanced at the monitors.
“You were lucky to survive the crash,” the doctor said firmly. His voice was flat and void of any emotion – the voice of someone just doing his job. “You have some minor bruises and lacerations, a few broken ribs, and a broken wrist, but that’s extremely lucky considering…” His voice and sentence faded off and his eyes darted to the bed next to him, where Ash knew his sister lay. 
“What about Grace?” Ash asked, his voice little more than a whisper. The doctor’s face went grim. 
“Her side of the car took the most impact.”  The man’s voice was masked with indifference, but the sound of tragedy couldn’t quite be covered. “The truck turned at the last second. It wasn’t enough to avoid the collision, but it would have been much worse if it hadn’t. You would both probably be dead.”
A knot formed in Ash’s chest, and a new pain gripped him. Both, as in one of them wasn’t going to make it? He could feel his heart breaking, piece by piece. He’d never experienced pain so all-consuming before, and could hardly believe it was real. Surely this was all some bad dream. He looked up, praying that there was good news coming.
“She hasn’t woken up, and she probably never will,” the doctor finished bluntly. “She still has a lot of internal bleeding, and extensive damage to some of her vital organs. We’re keeping her in a drug-induced coma. We have her on life support for the time being.” 
Ash couldn’t speak. He could barely breathe. He turned to stare at his sister, surrounded by tubes and wires. Her face, though damaged, was still alive, waiting to wake up. The world tilted as he tried to process the fact that she might never wake. That a machine was keeping her alive, nothing more.
“I’m sorry,” the doctor added before walking away. His apology was offered as an afterthought. The final ‘to do’ point on his textbook list. He stopped at the door and turned back, no doubt trying to be comforting. “We’ll do everything we can.” 
And that was it. He turned and left the room. Their mom lost it. Sobbing uncontrollably, she dashed out of the room, without sparing a glance towards him. His dad managed to give Ash a sympathetic but heartbreaking look before he took off after her. Then he was left alone to think about what he’d done. 
He’d killed his sister, and there was no way around it. He’d been driving, and because of him Grace was going to die. She’d always been so bright and bubbly, the first person you saw in a room, the one you tried to make laugh … larger than life. Now she was dying, right next to him. No, he thought. She couldn’t … He forced himself slowly into a sitting position, determined to do something. Anything. 
He struggled to shove the railing of the bed down and throw his legs over the side. The movement took his breath away, and a sharp pain ripped through him. He waited for the machines to slow, to keep the nurses from swarming the room like a swat team again. He didn’t want to go back to sleep. Once the monitors had returned to normal, Ash stood up, leaning against everything and anything he could find as he moved to his sister’s side. 
“Grace,” he whispered in a weak voice. Tears began to well up in his eyes. “Please wake up.”
He reached out to touch her, brushing his fingers up and down her nose in their secret childhood greeting. But she didn’t respond. He stood for the next hour by her bedside, crying and begging her to wake up. Finally he returned to his own bed, exhausted and heartbroken. 

*
The next few days went by like a dream. Ash spent his time in a daze, trapped in his own world of sorrow and guilt. He was out of the hospital bed now, and had gone home to shower once, but returned immediately to his sister’s bedside. Today the doctor had come in to talk to his mom and dad. By the sound of it, it wasn’t good news.
"She probably won't make it through the night," the doctor said quietly. "Even if she does, time is running out. If she hasn’t woken up by morning, the brain damage will be too severe…"
Ash's mom turned into the arms of his father, heartbroken. The doctor waited a moment before finishing.
"My advice is to stop the machines at that point. Particularly if you want to donate her organs," he finished. Ash closed his eyes on the scene, trying to control his breathe and stop from screaming. He knew that the doctor was just giving his professional medical advice, but that didn't stop it from hurting. His dad pulled his mother’s face up, and they exchanged a deep and painful look. Then his mother nodded to the doctor.
Up to that point, Ash hadn’t felt much. Everything had passed right by him. Now, though, he was filled with rage. Were they actually going to just let her die? Pull the plug, and that was that? They weren’t even going to give her a chance to wake up? 
“I’ll be back first thing in the morning,” the doctor said. He paused to look at Grace for a moment. Ash followed his eyes, horrified. Less than a day for his sister to wake up, or she’d be gone forever. He began praying, then, for her to open her eyes to twitch her hand. Anything to show she was still in there, fighting.

*
Grace couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She’d been pacing around this stupid hospital room for days now, though her body was lying in bed, unmoving. She had no idea what had happened – or how she was able to walk around without her body – but everyone kept talking about a car crash. She wanted desperately to wake up and comfort her family, but she hadn’t been able to get back into her body, no matter how hard she’d tried. She’d done everything she could think of, to no avail, and it was driving her nuts. She wanted to throw things, but her hand passed right through anything she touched. She wanted to shout that she was still alive, she wanted to hug her mother and promise everything would be okay. She wanted to comfort Ash, who was wearing the look of a lost and very frightened little boy. She couldn’t, though; she was stuck in the air, or another dimension, or something else as completely useless. 
She glanced around the room in frustration. Her parents were talking to the doctor while Ash stared blankly at a wall. She sighed and turned her attention back to them. They were the ones discussing her future, and she didn’t like the things they were considering. 
The doctor talked for another moment, then put a hand on her mom’s back in what appeared to be an awkward attempt at comfort. Grace looked back at Ash, wondering what was going on. They’d barely looked at him, let alone spoken to him. They were concerned only with each other, choosing to grieve as a couple instead of a family. They’d abandoned him, and she could see how much it hurt. She moved over to him, trying to lay a hand on his shoulder like the doctor had done with her mom. But her hand passed right through, just like it had the last time she tried to touch him.
“I’m here Ash,” she whispered in defeat. He looked terrible. The skin under his eyes was an ugly shade of purple, and he spent most of his time staring at nothing. She could only imagine the guilt he was feeling right now, and wished he could hear her. “It’s okay, little brother. I don’t blame you. It wasn’t your fault.”

*
Something brushed against Ash’s mind, and he straightened up. He couldn’t stand sitting there any longer. He couldn’t accept that she wouldn’t wake up. When he stormed out the door, his parents didn’t raise a hand to stop him or ask him where he was going. Not that he knew. He just had to get out and get fresh air. He burst out the doors and kept going, wanting to put as much distance as possible between him and that awful place.
He walked until his feet hurt, past all the main streets and then down a dirt road that led to a forested area at the edge of town. He was taking the long way home. It might not be the smartest thing to do right now, but he needed time to think. He couldn’t sit anymore. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to be by his sister’s side, it was more that he needed to do something for her. He just had no idea what that something was.
Ash growled in frustration, finally coming to a stop, and watched the sky as it turned angry shades of green and gray. A storm was coming, and it mirrored how he felt on the inside perfectly. The sun faded, and a cold wind rushed through the trees, making goose bumps stand up on his arms. He closed his eyes, willing the tears to come, and thought back to the night of the party. The night that changed everything. Suddenly he remembered the man. He’d been at the party, and then at the crash scene, though Ash couldn’t remember anything else. Why’d he been there? Who was he?
Death, Ash's mind whispered. He shivered. Where had that thought come from? Was the man truly Death? Did that even make sense? And if he was … could he change what was happening to Grace? The thought was crazy, but it stuck. If that man was Death, then maybe he could also control life, and save Grace. He’d been searching for an answer, and suddenly it was right there: hunt the man down and beg him to save Grace.
"You know, that’s really not a very good idea," a voice said from his right, interrupting his thoughts. The voice was beautiful and he turned, knowing that the girl’s face would match her voice. 
He was right. Her hair was dark blonde, almost red, and wildly curly. It whipped in the wind, covering and then revealing a pair of bright golden eyes. She was also staring into the sky, deeply thoughtful at what she saw.	
Ash was certain that he’d seen her before, though he couldn’t remember where or when. 
“Excuse me?” he asked, surprised. 
She turned and gave him a half smile before returning her gaze to the sky. “Hunting down things that are best left alone. It’s not a good idea.” Her voice was like silk, soft and sweet, but her eyes were hard and strong. “In fact, it’s a very bad idea.”
Then he remembered where he’d seen her. She was there on the night of the crash.  She’d been there when he opened his eyes, and had sent the man with the red eyes running. Did she know the man? Could she help find him? Ash couldn’t imagine why she was here, but if she could help save Grace… 
“Why?” he asked, with equal parts worry and hope. 
The girl paused, considering how to answer his question. Her eyebrows drew together like she was in deep thought, and she pursed her lips as if she didn’t really want to answer him.
	“Good or bad, everything happens for a reason. You can’t change the mistakes of your past. You can only change the future. Dealing with people who promise to change the past comes at a price you might not want to pay. Although he’ll expect payment,  even after you’re dead.”
	“You mean dealing with that man?” Ash asked, excited. “Do you know him?” He walked over to the girl and stood in front of her, temped to reach out and try to touch her, to see if she was real. The thought crossed his mind that he might be having a mental breakdown – with this angel nothing more than a hallucination – but he eliminated it. That wouldn’t help him save Grace. But finding the man with the red eyes might. “Where can I find him? Can he really help?”
“You’re not actually considering such a thing, are you?” the girl asked, shocked. “Can you not see that finding him would be the worst possible thing?”
Ash drew back, surprised at her criticism. “I don’t recall asking your advice in the first place. Who are you to tell me what I should or shouldn’t do? Who the hell are you, for that matter?” he snapped.
“Someone who knows better than you, that’s who,” she replied Softly. “Someone who understands what you’re risking. Names are nothing. All you need to know is that I’ve come here to help you, with orders far loftier than your own.” Then she dropped her voice into a mumble, barely audible. “And those, I’m afraid, I can’t share with you.”
 If he’d been in his right mind, he would have questioned her more closely. But he didn’t have time for that. All he cared about was whether or not she could help him.
“Look, I’m not interested in your advice. Do you know where I can find the man or not?”
“I cannot force you to do as I say,” she said, looking at Ash with a concerned expression, “but believe me when I say that searching for the man is a bad choice. There’s more at stake than you can imagine. Your decision will change more than just your fate.”
Ash gasped, confused and frustrated. The girl looked the same age as him, but there was something in her eyes that held immense age and wisdom. She seemed … different; larger than him, though she wasn’t tall. He took a step back, unsure of himself. 
“Fate is written and rewritten every day,” the girl continued, as if she wanted to take advantage of his silence. “One can only predict so much and try to …” she searched for a specific phrase before settling on one that fit, “… sway things in the right direction to a certain extent. I don’t believe saving one life is worth risking the lives of many, and you propose to risk many, many lives, including your own. There are two paths in front of you right now, and neither will be easy. But one is right, while the other is wrong.” She settled her golden eyes on him, making him feel naked under her gaze, and issued a warning. “It’s never a simple thing, telling one from the other.”
Ash stood quietly for a moment, trying to understand what she meant. Was she saying that saving Grace was the wrong thing to do? How could that be? Grace was beautiful, innocent, and still had so much life to live. And it was his fault that she was lying on that hospital bed, dying. Was she saying that he should let her go? That couldn’t be right, no matter what this girl said. He needed to put things right, even if it meant risking his own life. 
“Where can I find him?” he asked quietly. 
“If you seek the devil, the devil you shall find,” she replied, looking at Ash with sad eyes. “I hope for your sake, and for everyone else, that fate changes. But that is up to you.”
Ash closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to rein in his frustration. Seek the devil and the devil you shall find? Was the man … Ash’s thought trailed off. Death, he thought. Yes, he supposed, that would mean he was the devil. He opened his eyes to ask for clarification, but found her golden gaze focusing on something behind him. 
Turning, he found the man from the party standing about twenty feet away, at the edge of the forest. His red eyes locked with Ash’s, making his heart drop. Ash froze, unsure whether he should run or freeze. The fear he’d felt at the party came back, even stronger than before, and he stepped silently toward the golden-haired girl. 
“You killed your sister,” the man mused, staring at Ash with a half-smile on his lips. He looked as though he knew Ash was in pain, and as though that pain brought him joy. “You should be dead, not her. Tut, tut, tut,” he waggled his head from side to side in a mocking fashion. “You should be ashamed of yourself.”
The voice in Ash’s head whispered that word once again. Death. It was odd, but there was something about the thought that comforted him. Death. He let the word float in his mind, tasting it, feeling it. No, it wouldn’t be so bad, he thought. The man was right – he shouldn’t live if his sister died. She’d always been the brighter one, the one more deserving of life. The man’s smile grew, as if he could read Ash’s thoughts. Somewhere inside his head, Ash heard the girl’s voice again. “This is the wrong choice, boy.,” she said.
A part of him agreed with her, and screamed a warning. Then that voice went silent, leaving him alone to choose.
*	
Grace ground her teeth in frustration. She’d been sitting in the hospital chair for hours, helplessly watching her parents decide whether to end her life. She couldn’t believe they were even considering it. Pulling the plug on their own daughter! Her heart was breaking, but she didn’t know what she could do about it. She wished Ash hadn’t left. She wanted to see him again before her parents did anything stupid. 
He’d stormed out of the room earlier, though their parents had barely noticed, and it wasn’t hard to see what he was thinking. He must have been feeling terribly guilty. But it hadn’t been his fault. There’d been something going on that night … something terrible. And although she couldn’t remember the details, she knew that her brother had been trying to save her. What had happened wasn’t his fault. She wanted to see him one last time, to tell him not to blame himself. The party had been her idea, and she’d taken him along. It wasn’t his fault, and he needed to know that. If she had one wish, it would be to see him again. She closed her eyes, desperate to shut out her parents’ anguished conversation, and made her wish.  
When she opened her eyes, she was shocked to find the hospital room gone, replaced by the forest outside of town. Ash stood in front of her. And he wasn’t alone. 
There was a girl to his right. She was beautiful, with curly blonde hair and glowing hazel eyes. She seemed larger than the landscape around her, and was encircled by a bright white light, though it was dark and stormy outside. Grace felt drawn to her, though she had no idea who the girl was. Peace radiated from her, and Grace wanted that peace – more than she had ever realized. 
Now the girl glanced over at Grace, stopping her in her tracks. Grace expected her gaze to move through and over her. But the golden eyes stopped, meeting Grace’s surprised eyes. She radiated with sympathy, love, and a deep sadness.
“You can see me?” Grace asked in a choked voice. The girl didn’t react at first, and Grace’s heart sank a fraction. She was about to look away when the girl gave the tiniest nod. Grace was about to ask a billion questions, but before she could the girl held one finger up to her lips and frowned. She pointed at Ash. No, past Ash, to a man. Grace’s eyes followed the gesture, and she froze.
He was the exact opposite of the girl. Just looking at the man made her take an involuntary step away. He was pale with dark hair and … crimson eyes. She was sure of it. Those eyes flickered in Grace’s direction for only a second before returning to Ash. They shown with a gloating triumph. And evil. Grace watched the exchange between Ash and the man, confused and frightened as to why this creature was here with her brother. 
“Ash, what are you doing?” Grace whispered, horrified.

*
“You know you deserve to die in place of your sister,” the man almost laughed. A chill ran down Ash’s spine at the sound. “You are responsible for her death.”
Ash shuddered. The man was right. It was his fault that Grace was dying, and if he could do anything about it … if he could save her … it was his responsibility to do it. He was terrified, but he knew that he was doing the right thing. 
“You’re right,” he replied, his voice cracking. An image of his sister laughing and smiling tore through his mind, abruptly replaced by the image of her lying in the hospital bed, dying. There was nothing in this world or any other that could be worse than the pain and guilt he felt. All at once, the man took a step forward, his eyes glowing bright red in startling contrast to his pale skin and black ensemble. 
“Would you willingly take her place?” he crooned. His eyebrow lifted in question, and his mouth turned up in an ugly smirk. 
“Of course I would,” Ash said, choking on the words. He would do anything to bring her smile back, though he wasn’t sure what this man was asking. “I’ll do anything you ask. Please just save her. Take me. I’ll die in her place.”
There was a gasp behind him, and Ash snapped his head back toward the girl, who had remained silent until now. “Ash no,” she pleaded softly. “Your sister doesn’t want this.”

*
“No!” Grace screamed.  She watched in desperation as the girl with the golden curls tried to stop Ash. He couldn’t do this. He didn’t know what was at stake. 
He didn’t realize that the man with the red eyes was going to steal his soul. 
“Grace wouldn’t want me to let her die,” Ash argued, his face turning hard. Grace had never seen her brother look so angry with anyone, and wondered what had come over him. This didn’t seem like the Ash she knew. 
“No I wouldn’t!” Grace shouted, knowing that he wouldn’t hear her. She turned towards the girl, desperate. “Don’t let him do this! Please!”
Grace wasn’t positive what was going on, or how she knew, but something was wrong with the man standing with her brother. She glanced at him, taking in the shiny black suit, gaunt face, and glowing eyes. That creature would hurt her brother, she was sure of it. 
“And what if you both could live?” The man’s voice came out like liquid. Ash stared at him, his anger turning into confusion. The man was lying; Grace could feel it. She wanted to drag Ash away from him, get him away from the danger. She rushed towards him, reaching out, but her hand went right through his arm. 
“Please, Ash, don’t do this,” she whispered. Then her thoughts shattered as an electric shock passed through her body. Suddenly, the world started to turn sideways. 
“Clear!” someone yelled. Another shot of electricity coursed through her, making the world spin anew. She fell to her knees and gasped for air, unable to breath. The forest around her disappeared. 

*
“Who are you?” Ash begged as the man stepped towards him. His blood was running colder with each step the man took towards him. Each breath seemed harder to reach.  There was something deep down, the same instinct he’d felt at the party, screaming for him to run. He’d been sure this was the right thing to do, and had even felt like Grace was with him, watching over him. That presence was gone now, though, and it felt like his strength had left with it. 
“Ash,” the strange girl said again. She came forward to put a hand on his arm. “Ash, this is a demon. He will steal your soul, and he cannot save Grace. She would not want this.” 
Ash closed his eyes, taking in the girl’s words. The first part made no sense, but the second … Something told him that she was right. Grace wouldn’t want this. 
The man tilted his head, his face growing hard. “Messenger, the boy is mine!” He turned to Ash, softening his face seductively. “I’m your only hope to save your sister,” he wheedled. “This girl doesn’t know what she’s talking about. Come.” He held out a beckoning hand, and the red of his eyes tore through Ash. .Was this man telling the truth? Could he save Grace? He reached his hand out slowly. 
“A demon?” His voice was a whisper, his breath coming in short, painful spurts. Time itself seemed to have frozen. The image of his sister lying still and pale in the hospital bed filled his head, drowning everything else out. He would give anything to save her, he thought. Anything.
“Don’t do it,” the girls voice came again, sounding more determined, more desperate. Ash glanced at her to find her eyes staring firmly at the blank space between Ash and the demon. 
“I have to,” he answered quietly. Any second, his sister could be dead. It might already be too late, he thought, with renewed panic building in his chest.
“Why are you here, messenger?” the demon asked suddenly, taking a step toward the girl. “This is not your place. This is my deal, and it’s nearly done. You’ve come too late. Get thee gone!” 
Ash looked toward the girl, wondering who she was and why she worried the demon so much. Was she a friend? Could she help save Grace? The girl in question glanced at the demon and clenched jaw.
“This boy isn’t yours to take,” she growled. “This is not right, and I’m here to stop it.” She took a step closer to Ash, putting a protective arm between him and the demon. 
“He’s alive, is he not?” the demon asked sweetly. “And offering himself freely. That makes him fair game.” 
“Demon…” the girl’s voice sounded like a warning, and Ash took a step back. He couldn’t understand the argument, but it was clearly about more than him. “Don’t. You have no idea what you’re starting.”
The man ignored her, turning his eyes back to Ash, who met the red gaze, confused. “I’m here to make the deal you’ve been begging for, boy. I heard it in your mind. Your desperation to do anything to make this go away. To save your sister.”
“It’s not too late, Ash,” the girl said, drawing his attention again. The demon snarled. “Run away and don’t turn back, let everything be as it should. You cannot play with fate without bringing about extreme consequences. This will not save your sister.” 
Her pleas were desperate now, but Ash had already made up his mind.  
“What do you wish to trade?” he asked the demon, already knowing the answer, but unsure whether it would be possible. Was he really sitting here, with a demon, making a deal for his sister’s life?
“I’ll save your sister,” the man replied, turning his attention away from the girl. “I ask only one small thing in return.”
“Ash,” the girl tried to cut in. The demon stepped in front of Ash, blocking her out. 
“What do you want?” Ash whispered, terrified. “My life?”
The demon chuckled, amused at the question, and sensing that victory was near. “I want your soul, dear boy,” he replied. 
The word ‘soul’ echoed in Ash’s head, and he fell to his knees.  

*
The electricity continued to jolt through Grace’s body. She still couldn’t breathe, and stars began to move along the edges of her vision. Her head felt as if it were stuffed with cotton. She could hear people talking, but their conversation sounded far away.
“Don’t,” the girl said, warning someone. Suddenly Grace’s vision cleared and she could see the clearing in the forest again. The man was holding his hands out to Ash, almost in a fatherly fashion. The mysterious girl was taking a step forward to stop him. Ash glanced over. He seemed to meet the girl’s eyes, but looked away. 
“Please,” she said softly.
The demon – for Grace knew him as one now – reached toward Ash. 
“Ash!” Grace tried to scream his name, but it came out as no more than a hoarse whisper. Suddenly, another shot of electricity shot through her, and the world began to fade to black. The last image she saw before she was pulled under was Ash’s hand, stretching out toward the demon’s. Another wave of blackness and searing pain from a shot of electricity pulled her away before she could stop him, and then she was in the hospital room again, floating above the bed. 
The monitor that showed her heart rate was flat lining and five doctors stood around her lifeless body. Her parents were outside the room, watching through the glass. Her mom crumpled to the ground and her dad fumbled to catch her. Then the world spun. A bright white light rushed toward her, taking her under to a place filled with peace and warmth.
	“Nurse,” Grace barely heard the doctor say, “mark time of death.” 

*
Ash raised his hand, shaking with both pain and fear.  He could see the beautiful girl move forward in his peripheral vision, but he ignored her. He’d made his choice, and it was to save his sister. He took a deep breath, steadied his shoulders, and put his hand into the demon’s. 
“Deal,” he said, his voice hollow but certain. 
The demon smiled again. A searing pain that matched the intensity of the demon’s eyes suddenly engulfed Ash and he was thrown to the ground. His vision fragmented while his body caught fire, and all the breath rushed from his body. Then the demon released his hand, leaving Ash both burnt and hollow. When his vision cleared, he looked up to find that the demon had vanished into a black mist.
The girl knelt down in front of him, her eyes large and sad. “I hope you’re strong enough for this,” she said with vast sadness in her voice. “For you have started a war.” Then she was gone too, fading into a soft white light.
Ash sat for a moment, the searing pain fading slowly into the background. He shook his head, wondering whether the girl and demon had ever been there, or if he’d been imagining things. The hollow, cold feeling in his chest told him that it had been real, though, and that…Grace. Hope flowed in to fill the void, and before he knew it he was on his feet and sprinting back toward the hospital. 

*
He screeched to a halt just outside the hospital room, breathing heavily. He could hear his mom crying inside the room. The sound broke his heart and tore through the hope that his sister would live. Pain and panic built back up in his chest, tearing at him. What if he’d been wrong? What if it hadn’t worked?  He put his hand on the door, unable to wait any longer, and tried to compose himself. This was it. Either Grace would be alive or she’d be dead.
He pushed the door open and limped inside. What he saw there stopped him dead in his tracks. His sister was sitting up in bed, her hair disheveled and her skin pale. Her bright blue eyes were filled with tears. But she was looking at him, and very much alive. 
He fell to the ground, overcome. Grace looked over and gave him a tense smile, tears rolling down her cheeks. Both of his parents laughed with joy. His dad strode over to him, pulling him off the ground and toward his sister’s bed. 
“It’s okay, son,” he said. “It’s going to be okay.” 
Just then a doctor walked in. He checked Grace’s vitals, dumbstruck, and shook his head. Ash staggered closer to Grace, amazed, and held out his hands. His sister looked up and smiled tenderly at him, but there was sadness and pain in her eyes. Guilt flashed through him, made worse by her words.
“Ash,” she whispered, pulling him against her. “I must talk to you.”
Before he could respond, a black cloud of smoke rose just behind her bed, a set of red eyes appearing in the cloud to glare at him in anger. The burning pain in his chest flared, and his heart skipped in his chest. Gasping, he fell to the ground.
His mom ran to his side, calling for the doctors. There was a swirl of confusion as nurses and the doctor came running back in the room. They put Ash back into his bed, and hooked him up to an IV drip. But Ash’s attention never left the demon in the corner.
“It’s just the stress,” the nurse reassured his parents.  “He needs to rest,” the doctor added. “He’ll be fine. It’s a lot to take in, and he’s still recovering from his own injuries.”
Ash watched the doctor walk away, and saw everyone return to Grace’s bedside, but turned back to the demon, terrified. Had he returned to take Grace? Had Ash’s soul not been enough? 
“My end of the deal is done,” the demon’s cold voice said, breaking into Ash’s thoughts. Whatever drug the nurse had given him was starting to pull him down into unconsciousness, yet the pain of the voice coursed through him as if his veins were on fire. The painkillers weren’t helping. Then his mother was at his side, whispering something into his ear, but it was drowned out. He couldn’t hear anything above the demon’s voice in his head. 
“Now it’s time for you to hold up your side of our bargain. You have one year to say goodbye to your friends and family.” The voice echoed in his throbbing skull, rattling through his bones. “Then I’ll be back to collect your soul. Your debt to me…”
“My soul!” Ash though, terrified. Before he could think any further, his eyes closed, and he drifted to sleep.
The End
ABOUT THE AUTHOR: LINDA FOSTER


Linda Foster was born and raised in Colorado, where she still lives with her (very patient) husband and four (very spoiled) ferrets. Linda has always been an avid reader, from the very first moment she picked up her first book. Her book addiction has grown steadily worse.
She started writing short novellas for her friends in middle school and expanded into full-length novels several years later. Soul Bound, due for release in May 2013 by Glass House Press is her first published novel.

Soul Bound is due for release in May 2013 and is published by Glass House Press. It is available for pre-order in paperback or e-book at Amazon and Barnes & Noble. 
	
	
	 



SONG OF THE MOTH
by
Katie M. John


High in the dome of St Paul’s Cathedral, a boy crouches. He is ordinary in every definable way, extraordinary in every other. Even from first glance, there is something unsettling about him. And when you meet the bottomless pools of his green eyes, you shrink back into your soul and desperately search for a key that might lock out the monster in front of you. It is a sliding ugliness, the kind that only shows itself in certain lights. On the surface he is the most exquisite boy you have ever seen – so beautiful that you know immediately he is cursed.  Such beauty never comes without a price. 
His name is Nemo, meaning one without name. It was a name given in jest by a cruel man with a wicked wit; a requirement for any man appointed to govern a London workhouse. Nemo holds his name dear. Having a name is a precious thing and he understands that he was destined to be nothing but a number. 
Nemo had selected the dome of the cathedral as his vantage point earlier that morning. He had slipped in past the crowds of tourists and made his way up the stone stairs before slinking into a shadowy corner. He doesn’t know why he still feels the need to hide away; like his name suggests, he is a thing of nothing – invisible to everyone who doesn’t care to look. 
But she had looked. 
She had searched into the sunlight and seen him exactly him for what he was. A momentary flash of brilliance had passed across her face as she looked on something rare and wonderful and then the stain of horror had spread across it like a dark cloud. The spectacle of her revelation had caused him to falter and look on her. Their eyes had met. 

Now the girl was at home, propped up against a tower of thick linen pillows and being spoon-fed sips of beef broth by a concerned and kindly sister; a sister increasingly frustrated by their mother’s refusal to call for a doctor. Nemo knew that the consequence of seeing him was to be cursed with insanity. Within the month there would be little choice but to relocate her somewhere safe – a sanatorium designed for poor wretches who had lost their mind entirely. She would need to be far from the house and far from polite society. She would no longer be the young woman her family knew and loved – she too will have become something monstrous. 
Because the thing is, once you’ve looked into the eyes of a goblin, the rest of them come for you.  

*
When the last tourist had left and the Cathedral doors had been shut for the evening, Nemo emerged from the shadows and walked around his private empire, indulging in the exquisite sound of silence. He stopped in the center of the room and stretched out his arms into the twilight gloom. His black velvet jacket and white cotton shirt were both too small so that they pinched at his skin as he moved. His shirt was also a fraction too short so that it rode high with his stretch, exposing his pale white stomach beneath. The button of his trousers didn’t quite meet the hole it was planned for and so it was left undone. The whole effect was that of an awesome moth about to burst from its chrysalis.
Irritated by the tightness of his garments, he took his jacket off and then slipped the shirt over his head, casting them carelessly aside. The feeling of freedom felt delicious and he allowed himself his first smile of the day. The blue light of early night bled through the small holes that crowned the dome, giving the startling effect of a magician’s box pierced by the ghostly sword blades. Nemo turned gracefully on the spot with his arms fully extended. It was the movement of a dancer. He lunged forward, pulling in one clenched fist to his chest and outstretching the other to the farthest point of his reach. His leg flicked out, kicking back the encroaching darkness. 
He’d learnt these movements as a child, discovering that they brought about a sense of peace that he could not attain from anything else. The workhouse had been located on the side of the docks and he would watch the Chinese sailors on the quayside at dawn through the bars of the dormitory window. Their morning ritual had fascinated Nemo and he started to echo their movements. When he moved like this, it helped him focus; to see things for what they really were. Tonight, he travelled deeply into himself and faced the monster within.

*
Francis had found most of the day tedious beyond measure. Her mother had insisted on all of the women of the household escorting Mr. Smithe -Williams on a tour about town in the pathetic attempt that maybe she could pimp one of her three daughters into engagement with a man who, in her mother’s words, was ‘One of the most dashingly rich and eligible bachelor’s in town.’
Unfortunately, Francis did not quite share the enthusiasm either her mother or her sisters had for the young rogue. More unfortunately, she did not share the interest he showed in her. In fact, Francis would actually go as far as to say that she found the ‘dashing, rich and eligible bachelor’, rather repugnant; not that her polite and well-trained smiles showed such a thing. Instinctively, Francis understood Mr Smithe-William’s was a whole bag of trouble; a sweet and sickly bonbon with a nut at the center that would take relish in choking you.
Their day had started with a trip to see Buckingham Palace and concluded with a visit St Paul’s Cathedral. Mr. Smithe-Williams or ‘call me Teddy’ as he lasciviously whispered in her ear, was a keen student of architecture, although to be specific, Call Me Teddy’s only interest was in structures of a female kind. He spent more time smiling and winking at blushing, respectable young ladies, than he did marveling at the genius of Wren.
Several times during the day, Francis had fought off the compulsion to suddenly break into a run and leave them all behind. But the current ladies fashion of crinolines made this somewhat impossible. Now she resigned herself to the fact that there was no escape and she sat down on one of the side pews, leaving her giddy sisters to escort Teddy around. Her mother, as overweight as a stuffed Christmas turkey, stood fanning herself with a paper tourist pamphlet.
“Isn’t it just glorious, Francis?” Her mother’s voice screeched across the peace of the Nave.
“Yes, just …” Francis couldn’t be bothered to finish and it didn’t matter. Before she could respond, her mother had seen the girls and Teddy heading back towards one of the side chapels. She rushed over to them, taking Teddy by the arm and using her parasol in a rather threatening way to point out the finer points of Wren’s craft.
Francis leant her head against the cool marble column. The day was ridiculously humid. It was the kind of day that presses down heavily and labors the lungs. She reached behind her, worrying the laces of her over-tight corset, hoping to work even just a small fingers worth of slack that might take some of the pressure off. It was pointless as the laces were fixed tight. 
All at once the floor rippled, just like an ocean wave. The smoke from the candles created a veil of softness, and everything went silent. Then, amongst all the sliding, rippling chaos, something came into focus. 
A boy – an exquisite figure, tall, six-foot or more, and with skin as whitely iridescent as marble, hair black as the raven’s wing, stopped in the middle of his stride down the aisle. He turned in slow motion to look at Francis just as if she had called out his name. She grabbed at her chest and pulled at the stiff bones of her corset, desperately searching for air. As she looked at him, fear and desire mingled into a powerful toxin that rushed through her veins and sped towards her heart. She knew when it got there, there was a possibility it might just kill her. 
Across the distance, she saw his eyes. They were like emeralds burning bright and deep against snow. He was beauty and horror all at once, but she couldn’t get a grip on the image in front of her because it kept shifting. Her eyes and mind seemed no longer connected, for what her eyes saw, her mind refused to accept. Her thoughts raced. She had seen the thing in front of her before. It had been inked into the pages of her fairytale book and seen it lurking in the nightmares of her childhood.
The boy was a goblin.
“Francis, oh Francis!” Her mother’s voice pitched high in panic and the vile, sulphurous reek of smelling salts burnt her nostrils and pulled her back into reality.
“Mother, the boy…the boy,” Francis said, still half in a faint. 
“What boy, darling?” Her mother turned, quickly scanning the nave for the boy in question. “There is no boy, Francis. You’ve just taken a little turn. We’ll get you home and into bed.”
Call Me Teddy pulled Francis to her feet, wrapped one arm around her waist and with the other he steadied her. She flinched at his over familiar touch and attempted to move out from under his far too eager arm, but rather than letting her go, he tightened his grip. Suddenly the horrible sensation of being trapped in an unfurling and inescapable destiny beat at her brain.

*
The girl had been sitting, half obscured by the light when Nemo had seen her. Even now, as he worked through his movements, stretched out his lithe limbs and reached deep into his own breath, he couldn’t shake her face from his mind. No matter how hard he tried, he could not escape the memory of her staring straight at him, or the sight of her face as she saw the monster at his core. Guilt felt heavy in his heart. He knew with that one look, she had been undone. It was inevitable. It had never particularly bothered him before – but now it did. It bothered him greatly, and he couldn’t quite understand why.
It had all been exactly as it should have been. That she was there sitting in the Cathedral was just as expected – she had been his prey after all. What he had not expected was that Francis would look like an angel. Edward, his master, grew impatient. He was pushing for events to take a much quicker turn. Master was an impetuous creature; highly volatile when he didn’t get exactly what he wanted. Thankfully for everyone in the Goblin Kingdom, it was a rare occasion when Edward did not get what he pleased. 

*
Whilst out hunting deer in the woods, Edward had seen Francis picking bluebells. She’d pinned her dress up into her garters to stop it from getting dew drenched. Strands of her flaxen hair escaped so that they looked like threads of gold in the spring sunlight. 
He’d seen at once, how strong and vital her heart was – how full of passion and desire it was. He knew without doubt, that until her heart was beating in the palm of his hand, he’d be plagued by an unsatisfied desire.
So, why had he not killed her there and then? He’d been tempted – tempted almost beyond reason. He had felt the overwhelming urge to charge over to her and pin her against the tree before ripping her heart out through the pure virgin-cotton of her dress. But Edward dug deep for the last reserves of self-control. He’d come to learn that killing close up was never as exquisite as watching it happen in front of you – there was too much frenzied activity to really take a pleasure in what was happening. No, he told himself, it was better to make oneself comfortable, and look on. 
Edward liked to play with his food. In particular he liked to make sure the heart was seasoned with a peppering of pain; a slow, deep pain that he would inflict over an indulgent amount of time. It was no longer enough for him to ingest a pure heart, the heart needed to carry part of him in it. He was the ultimate narcissist – the most fearsome of all monsters. 
Nemo did not fully understand such desires. Despite his own genetic heritage, he did not crave hearts like the rest of his kind, and he certainly did not understand the desire to inflict such cruelty. The fact that he had sent some humans mad in the past, was a heavy weight on his conscience already – but that he could not help. All he did know was that somewhere along the path he had travelled alongside Edward, the man had turned into a monster. This Dark Prince had changed from being Nemo’s once savior to his now captor.
Now Nemo’s only hope of freedom was completing this mission.
One more. Just one more – then I can stop. Then, I will be free.
Nemo inhaled deeply and pushed his right arm against an invisible force. He moved his right leg, so that his whole body spun on its axis.
Free!
He lunged. But why does it have to be her? Why her? All at once, he pulled himself up sharp and stared into the darkness before speaking into the night,
“Surely, the question is – why not?”
Edward stepped out from the shadows and replied, “That is a question full of interesting possible answers, Nemo.” He had arrived as silent as the night. A flame from his match cast a yellow light over his handsome face. He lit is cigarette with his usual flair. As quickly as the flame had flared, it extinguished, returning his body to the shadows. His disembodied voice floated through the darkness,
“I’m curious to know what your initial answer might be.”
“I don’t have one, Sir. I was just thinking aloud.”
“A dangerous thing – thinking. Take my advice, a man should always try and let someone else do that for him. It’s safer that way.” The red tip of the cigarette bloomed bright. Thinking he was changing the subject, Edward asked, “So you saw the girl, Francis?”
“Yes, I saw her, and she…” Nemo paused and thought better of what he was about to say. If Edward knew that the girl had also seen him, he would be far from happy. 
“And she … what?” Edward asked. A plume of white smoke made the shape of a love-heart in the dark.
“She … nothing, I was just thinking…” Nemo’s voice petered out and he desperately hoped that something would pop into his mind and save him from himself.
“Like I said, it’s best not to think.”
“Yes, Sir.”
In the inky-darkness, the whiteness of Nemo’s body created a patch of light. He knew that Edward could see him and it made him feel even more vulnerable than he usually did in his master’s presence. They always met like this – under the cover of night.
 For Edward, this favoring of the shadows was purely a choice; unlike the rest of his kind, his goblin identity was not exposed by sunlight. As such, it allowed him to move freely amongst the human world – a talent that created a mixture of awe and envy in his subjects. Similarly, what with Nemo being a half-breed, sunlight was safe unless channeled into a shaft. Then, if caught in it, like earlier in the cathedral, his goblin side was revealed. It was this shared talent that made Nemo a threat to Edward’s power  – one that he knew he must contain. 
From the movement of the small burning O of the cigarette, it was clear that Edward was now pacing. He was agitated and excited. 
“So, the plan, boy: I shall tell the world that I intend to marry Francis before the end of the summer. That gives us half the year. During that time, I’m going to make Francis love me.” Edward let out a chuckle; “I’m going to stir up a passion in her like her virgin soul has never dreamt possible. At the very moment you rip out her heart, I want it on the edge of madness. I want it overflowing with love and desire, desperate for the night of our honeymoon. Do you understand?”
Nemo thought back to the way Francis’ and his eyes had locked together in the cathedral and mused sadly, ‘the madness part shouldn’t be too difficult.’
Nemo bowed his head in response and asked, “When this is done, I will be free, as we agreed?”
“Yes.” 
Nemo watched the little red light of the cigarette lead away towards the door and then disappear completely. With a great sense of relief, he was alone again.

*
Despite what everyone had told her, Francis knew her eyes had not lied. Ever since the moment she had looked on the boy, cold tendrils of dreadful anticipation had taken root and now they crept over her heart. She knew from the tales of the old wives that anyone who looked upon a Goblin was cursed.
When the household party had arrived home, she’d been transported straight to bed in Call me Teddy’s arms. There was no denying that he had behaved just like the perfect gentleman, even offering to call on the services of his very own physician. Just before Teddy left her chamber, he turned his head to give one final check on her. It was a small gesture but one which showed he was capable of genuine tenderness. 
“Thank you, Edward!” Francis’ voice came out in a whisper and she was convinced he did not hear her as was already out of the door. 
If she had seen the cruel smile of triumph dance over his lips, then she may have known that her initial instincts had been right. 
The day had been exhausting and she quickly fell into a hot, unsettled sleep. Throughout the night, her mind refused to leave the two sliding images of the beautiful youth and the foul beast that had flashed through his skin. Each time she gripped onto his beauty, she once again caught a glimpse of the horror beneath it. His skin was green and reptilian; his teeth, yellowing and sharp; his raven-wing hair replaced by a damp shimmering layer of sap. But what filled her heart with more horror than all of what she saw was the sense of hunger, the desperate hunger that came from the boy.
She was pulled from her dreams by the flapping of wings, and she woke with the heart-hammering terror that follows a nightmare. Her hand flew out for the matchbox on the bedside cabinet. She fumbled around and managed, at last, to get her trembling fingers around a match. She struck it and it flared, illuminating a sight that caused her to leap back up onto her pillows. A large moth perched on the breast of her nightgown. At other times she might have considered it beautiful, but now it created in her a primordial fear. The moth was the size of two hands with fingers spread wide. It was mainly white but black markings disturbed its otherwise stunning beauty – for those markings made up the image of a pair of grinning skulls.
Instinct screamed at her to destroy the creature – to smash it to dust or take the candle to it and watch it burn. Before she could make a decision on a mode of extermination, it turned itself around and took flight across the room, leaving for the garden by the open window. Francis stumbled out of bed and slammed the window shut against the horrible harbinger of death.
She leant back against the wall and calmed herself. She tried to ignore the nagging sensation of there still being something in the house – something possibly like the ‘thing’ in the cathedral. There was no rational explanation – it was just a feeling. Francis was surprised by the thoughts this sensation created. Behind the fear there was another stirring emotion, one that was both natural and alien; for as much as horror wormed its way into her mind, beauty filled her heart.
Insane as it sounded, she knew she had fallen in love.
She turned to look out onto the moonlit grounds. Summer was coming. The birds were making their dawn chorus and a vixen, followed by her cubs, loped across the garden. The beauty of it all distracted her attention away from the red glowing O hovering between the Rhododendron bushes.

*
Goblin and fae unions are never made in love. They are violent violations that tear the wings and break the spirit of the poor, unfortunate fae. The offspring of these unions are usually so deformed that they are unable to live past infanthood, as if the paradox of their beautiful-ugly existence is just too intense for the baby to handle. Nemo was different, perhaps because his mother was not fully fae but half human. Whatever the reason, the result of all this species confusion was Nemo. Until he hit puberty, Nemo was an ‘ordinary’ boy with ‘funny’ ideas. He was destined (according to the workhouse warden) to leave the gloom and despair of one institution only to find himself incarcerated in another – a lunatic asylum, just like his mother. In a funny way, the warden’s prophecy had come true.
It had taken several miserable months working as a scrub boy in Bethlem Hospital for the Insane, known to the locals as Bedlam; cleaning out the filth and squalor from the cells of the lunatics, before he had been promoted to Doctor’s boy. It was a role which required him to basically follow behind the eminent Psychiatrist like a shadow, running errands and carrying his bag. It was because of this privileged position, that Nemo found himself in the hospital’s ballroom, caught up in a dance for the lunatics.
As the music played the dancing bodies of the patients created the disturbing parody of a society party. Nemo watched fascinated, becoming captivated by the beauty of a woman dancing to her own private tune.
Her golden hair fell below her waist; her emerald eyes flashed brilliance in the candlelight. The whole effect gave the impression that she was a creature otherworldly; trapped and terrified to the point of insanity. Nemo saw how he wasn’t the only one captivated by her stunning beauty. The Doctor looked on her with a lust that almost made him salivate. Nemo was disgusted by it; felt a defensive rage stir – because Nemo had known as soon as he saw her, that the woman was his mother.
When the music stopped, the woman froze mid move, like a statue. Her eyes fixed onto the eyes of the boy and he felt the certainty of the world give way; heard the splintering crack of his heart. Never had he felt such pain.
The music struck up again and bewitched, Nemo made his way to her through the sea of spontaneously erupting, jigging, swirling bodies. She stood completely still with her hand reaching out to his. He mirrored her, but just as if a pane of glass were between them, they both let their hand fall before they could touch. She tilted her head to one side and looked at his face as if she were drinking him in.
“I knew you would come, Oren.” She smiled.
Nemo tripped over the name she offered out to him, “Mother?”
“Here, take this.” She reached into the long tresses of her hair, recovering a silver handled dagger, “There will come a time you will need it. Carry it always.”
Nemo reached out his hand, grasping a tight palm around the handle. It was as cold as ice and burnt his flesh. All at once, the music changed key and as if she had been dowsed in acid, she started to scream. Within moments, several orderlies burst through the crowds and seized her brutally by the arms, causing her to fall to the ground before being dragged off. The disturbance set a ripple effect through the party. Like a set of falling dominoes, each lunatic released his madness.
Nemo ran, fearful that amongst the confusion, he would be mistaken for a patient and locked up. He did not look back. As he fled from the chaos of Bedlam, he bumped into Edward; He was stood as if he had been waiting for him.
When Nemo shape-shifted for the first time, changing from his human form to his familiar, Edward was there; reassuring him, caring for him. He was like the father he’d never had. It was amazing how the shifting from one form to another so quickly become a natural part of him; there was no pain or discomfort, no struggle, just a wonderfully freeing movement, a lightness that came with his moth self. At first, the changes were a little unstable and there were practical issues that needed to be considered. It wouldn’t do in polite Victorian society to just suddenly emerge naked.
Edward organized lodgings and a trunk of clothes for Nemo; then the paternal relationship turned into a business partnership, which to Edward, it had been all along. The defining moment came when Edward offered to have Nemo’s mother freed and placed in a cottage in the country where she could live out her natural existence. All Nemo had to do in return, was to become Edward’s private assassin. An easy exchange in light of the nightmares Nemo suffered since the incident at Bedlam.
The first killing had been much easier than he’d feared, and although he experienced no relish for it, it strangely didn’t repulse him either. Nemo reasoned the life of one girl was a small price to pay for his mother’s freedom and the patronage of Edward. But of course, it was never really a one-girl deal and so when six months later, his patron returned, he knew he was trapped in a terrible snare and his only chance was to try and negotiate his way out of it.
In the end, Edward took it surprisingly well and agreed the killing of Francis would be the dramatic finale to their relationship. He had Edward’s word for it. But things were playing out strangely. Never before had Edward encouraged Nemo to get close to the victim before the allocated time and these new patterns led Nemo to understand somehow the rules of the game were changing but it had been felt unnecessary to inform him as to how.
Thoughts of Francis plagued him. Ever since his moth-shape had visited her room to watch her sleeping, he’d been unable to shake thoughts of her away. Edward had attended Francis through her illness, taking her out in an attempt to ‘improve her health and make her merry.’ When Edward returned, he would take great delight in telling Nemo all about how they’d been to the opera, or strolled in the park – how she had reached out her hand for his and so on. Each time Nemo was forced to listen to the list of intimate interactions, he found his heart twinge with a tight pang. He’d taken to tracking his patron and Francis in their activities, watching them in secret, disguised by his moth form, as they sat in the park or walked by the Thames. Each time he did this, he found himself feeling wearier of the coming events.
She was like a drug; every time he saw her smile or blush, he found himself mirroring her actions. He loved the way she constantly fiddled with her corset laces as if she longed to break free, or how, when she thought she was unobserved, she would lift her skirts and splash in the puddles with childlike mischievousness. He worried she looked paler, thinner somehow, slightly frailer each time he saw her and he wondered what it was that should ail her so.
Francis sat on the edge of her bed, unpinning her hair and thinking on the day. Her papa had taken refuge his library and her mother played efficient matron, placing her under the constant supervision of one of her sisters and flapping around the house like a mother hen. In the space of six weeks, things had unraveled beyond recognition.
Francis’ episodes were becoming ever more frequent, and her outbursts increasingly feared. She knew she wasn’t mad but she understood why the others might think she was. She’d overheard her mother talking to papa about calling in the local priest; she believed her daughter to have been possessed by some form of spirit. Papa, more gravely thought that his favorite daughter was rapidly going insane, and it seemed the burden of this was greater than if he thought she were dying.
The only person to reassure her against an escalating insanity was Edward. Each morning, to her mother’s greatly overbearing gratitude; he called for her to walk her around the park or to take a stroll by the river. Francis looked forward to these visits with a great sense of relief for they were the only time she felt safe from the creatures that now riddled her imagination.
The goblins were increasingly with her. At first, they were fleeting shadows moving behind her reflection in the mirror, or the silverware when she poured the tea. After she went around the house, covering all the mirrors with dust-sheets and hiding all the silverware in the boathouse, they became increasingly bold. Now without reflections to hide in, they ran about the house like rapscallion children; the sound of their scampering footsteps and coarse laughter rang continually. They were vile creatures which left a trail of dampness and a smell like death. Francis could not fathom why others in the house failed to see these invaders, but in the end she gave up trying to point them out; they always hid before other eyes could catch them.
Then Francis had stopped eating, claiming goblins were trying to poison her. It was at this point that her mother finally accepted things were unlikely to ever return to normal. Her daughter was lost.
For Francis, the only calm in the whole storm was Edward, and over the course of the long and exhausting summer, she put aside her thoughts of the cathedral youth and tentatively allowed herself to fall in love with him. Far from the showy cad and bounder she’d once thought him, she now saw him as her only hope of salvation.
What Francis didn’t know was how Edward was conspiring with her ailing father to have her placed in an asylum; a place, he assured her mother, where Francis was bound to recover. So with pledges of guardianship and promises of a future marriage, Edward persuaded Francis’s father to sign over power of attorney to her loving fiancé.
Things moved quicker than any of them could have imagined. Within an hour of the papers being signed, a terrible noise of breaking china and glass filled the house. Only a group of goblins or a lunatic could create such destruction. It was clear to all of them which it was. Francis’ screams filled the room as she found herself fighting against the arms of the man she had grown to love. But far from waking up from her three day drug induced sleep in a nightmare institutions, she found herself waking to the luxury of a country house.
She got up and dressed before wandering around the rambling house. Eventually she found Edward smoking in his library. When she walked in, he offered out his hand and she took it. Away from the spying eyes of the chaperone, he gently pulled her onto his knee. Sitting there in his arms, he informed her that she was to be nursed in the comfort of his own home by a physician and nurse he’d appointed privately. Here she would be safe from the demons which haunted her. Francis turned to him and planted a kiss on Edward’s cheek; she knew her love to be true.
*
Nemo was unaware of these matters, for Francis’s madness only occurred within the walls of her home. To the outside world, she appeared, although a little fatigued, perfectly normal.
Nemo began to hope Edward’s plans were now changed, that perhaps a miracle had happened and she was to be spared. But then, returning home from the bookstore to a gloomy house, the familiar smell of Egyptian cigarette filled his senses and he knew the time had come.
“Evening, Nemo.”
“Sir, how goes it?”
“Well, thank you: Very well indeed.”
Nemo’s heart felt terribly heavy and the rare urge to cry suddenly stole on him. Edward did not miss these minor shifts and Nemo felt Edward’s eyes meet his with a hungry curiosity.
“So, it is time?” Nemo asked. His voice wavered.
“Yes, my carriage is waiting. Are you ready to go?”
“Yes – I am ready.”
The ride to Edward’s estate was unbearably long and even though the horses travelled at an unbelievable speed through the woodlands framing the city, it felt like they were travelling all through the night. The tension inside the carriage was palpable. Edward’s eyes barely left Nemo’s face and, acutely aware of this, Nemo exhausted every displacement activity available. In the space of an hour he successfully frayed both of his velvet cuffs and managed to unstring two of his jacket buttons, now he reached the flesh under his thumbnail and tasted the coppery metals of blood filling his mouth.
At last, when he could bare it no more, when he thought something might snap Nemo spoke out into the darkness, “I don’t think I can do this, Sir.”
Edward seemed as surprised by the words as Nemo, “My dear boy, why on earth not?”
Why not? Nemo, reeling from the shock of having spoken the taboo aloud, could not piece together his thoughts enough to answer.

*
Francis heard the wheels of the carriage crunch the gravel and felt the wave of familiar relief that Edward brought with him; her protector, her savior. He had become her talisman against the evil of the goblins and eclipsed the lunacy she felt every time the image of the boy in the cathedral haunted her thoughts. It was for this she loved him.
The footman jump down and open the door for his master. He was followed by another man, slightly shorter, thinner, and much younger. Her heart jumped, the room swam. The boy!
Francis banged on the glass causing Edward to look up and offer a wave. She signaled violently to him, but he didn’t understand what could be causing her such distress. He turned, looking beyond the carriage and garden, and nodded his head at her. By the time he got to her room, the sheets from the bed covered the mirror and she was cramming the silverware in the cupboard.
“Francis, darling, what in God’s name are you doing?”
“They’re here! They’ve found me!”
“Shh, stuff and nonsense.”
“But I saw him – the goblin boy! I saw him! He followed you here.”
“What boy?”
Francis collapsed on the side of the bed sobbing, “I thought I was getting better. I so thought I was getting better but I’m not, am I?”
Edward went to the decanter and poured a large glass of port for himself and a smaller for her, into which without her seeing, he slipped a blue liquid. He returned to her, handing her the glass, “Drink up, you’ll feel so much better in the morning.”
Within minutes she was half between sleep and consciousness, a place where the light from the candle flickered as if it were sunlight on the surface of water, and where, for the first time in her memory she felt free of bonds, bones and laces. She stood face to face with the boy, his eyes flamed emerald, shinning out against his crystalline face. Above her, the spring leaves rustled against each other, trembling in the slipstream of time. Never before had she been aware of such beauty or so full of a hunger and desire. Never had she felt so afraid.

*
Nemo stood at the side of Francis’s bed. Her eyes were open but she was somewhere else – lost. He bent low, his eyes leveling with hers, swimming in the grey swirling waters. A faint blush lay in her cheeks, her lips were moist and full like ripe, soft fruit. Edward stood at his side; a heavy presence.
“Glorious isn’t she?” Edward’s velveteen voice came out soft and thick.
“Yes.”
“Almost breaks your heart, doesn’t it, Nemo?”
Like a falling house of cards, everything substantial turned to air. A wail rang in his head, the sound reminded him of a finger circling the top of a crystal glass; it was the sound of a cutting clarity. Nemo now understood he had been meant to fall in love with her; his heart like a hunted animal, caught in the wire trap of love.
Francis moaned luxuriously and Nemo faltered. He was aware that every second was a moment closer to his own death. He wondered if Edward was aware that Nemo had understood it all.
“Yes, it would break your heart if you owned one.” Nemo forced his words out hard and bold, desperately attempting to create an illusion of innocence.
Edward laughed, “Aye if I owned one – but I soon will. Does it pain you to do the things I ask of you? Does it twist your insides to think of Francis’s heart plucked from her body like a full red rose, beating tremulously in the palm of my hand; her face, still as stone, dressed with the mask of fear?”
The air shifted. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched Edward’s terrible transformation into goblin. Even if he hadn’t seen it, the awful guttural command of Edward’s voice would have been enough to tell Nemo he was now in the presence of a monster.
“DO IT NOW!”
Nemo raised his hand; his fingers were clawed and ready to strike. Pain and fear tortured his soul. Whichever way this went, he knew was likely to die. His arm surged with energy, coming towards Francis’ sighing breast and then onwards so that his elbow came to be a sharp and fast travelling weapon impacting on soft, leathery flesh. Edward growled through shock and reeled backwards, giving time for Nemo to turn and face his enemy.
Edward clutched his side, laughing, “So you guessed whose heart it was I wanted, after all!”
Half crouching, bracing himself for a running attack, Nemo fixed Edward hard in the eye, “My heart’s not for you, Monster.”
They charged at the same time, colliding and falling into a scraping heap on the floor. Locked together they rolled. Nemo desperately tried to avoid Edward’s deadly, blade like talons that were designed for the ripping flesh and for the removal of hearts.
After several minutes of fierce snarling and wrestling, they split, each getting to their feet and preparing for another clash. Edward didn’t see Nemo reach back into the waistband of his pocket and retrieve the magical dagger. As they charged, it was too late for Edward to swerve and the magical dagger sped towards his eye.
The blade channeled into the soft gelatinous substance of his eye and spread a burning sensation out from the metal epicenter, until at last, the whole of Edward’s body was a ball of flames, whirling around the room in agony, setting light to the curtains and fabrics.
The Goblin King’s screams stirred Francis from her dreams. She woke to find the fire flames dancing across her room and licking the soft furnishings with an almost impossible speed. Nemo was desperately tearing at the locked door, but it held fast; they were going to die!
Hearing her screams, Nemo half ran, half stumbled to the bed, taking the terrified Francis in his arms.
“It’s you – the boy in my dreams.”
“Yes, I’m here.”
Her eyes caught his and despite the slaughtering heat of the room, she felt the cool calm of spring air shiver over her skin. Her wild, panic driven heartbeat calmed and all at once she felt at peace.
“We’re not getting out of here are we?”
Nemo reached out his hand to her cheek and where it touched her tears, they froze, lacing her face with diamonds.
“Yes we are! YES. WE. ARE!” he said with determination. “Kiss me,” he whispered.
“Kiss you? At a …”
Nemo stopped her protests with his lips, kissing her softly with a touch as light as angel feathers. His lips persuaded her to yield, and she did. Their kisses became deeper; breath poured from each of them into the other, until Francis found herself slipping through into another world.
*
Nemo took her hand in his and they danced amongst the wildflowers of the meadow under a starlit night. As they danced they heard the silent song of the moths; a song that only the soul can hear; its rhythm created by the fluttering of wings against moonlight.
As Francis danced she saw that she knew this place; she recognized the cluster of trees and the stone fairy-ring. It was the forbidden place, the meadow beyond the garden gate with its rusty hinges. It was the place where the fairies danced and the goblins played.
She knew she was home.

The End

ABOUT THE AUTHOR: KATIE M JOHN
www.theknighttrilogy.com
http://www.beautifulfreakskatiemjohn.com

Katie lives in the London suburbs.  Her time is divided between writing, teaching English to teenagers and being mummy to two daughters. She started writing seriously after the birth of her first daughter five years ago. She has gone on to have four of her YA novels published and numerous short horror and fantasy stories published by several press houses, including Nexus Press and Winter Goose.
Her series ‘The Knight Trilogy’ is an Amazon.UK number one best selling Fairy Tale series and has been consistently in the top 100 of several categories. 
In October 2012 she released her fourth novel, ‘Beautiful Freaks’, a gothic paranormal detective novel set in Victorian London. 
She is currently working on a seven book series called the ‘Pentacle Chronicles’, the first of which is due for publication in the summer of 2013. All of her books are available at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Waterstones and WHSmith.



RUMPELSTILTSKIN
by
Jess Zeidler. 

“Your Highness, your wife entered confinement three hours ago, and the midwives expect the child to be born tonight. The king and your brother await the child in her outer chambers. They wish for you to join them.”
“Bring Merand to me,” the prince commanded, showing little concern. 
Sir Alber could only stare at the prince with incredulity. 
“Was I not clear?” the prince asked, his voice cold. “Have Merand brought to me immediately.”
“If I may be so bold, Your Highness, your child—your son, as we have been assured it will be—is being born, and you call for your mistress?”
“You may not be so bold, Sir Alber, and if you question me again, I shall remove your titles, lands, and maybe even your head. Have Merand sent in at once.”
Half an hour later, while his princess screamed in another part of the castle, the handsome prince met the baker’s daughter at his door. When she curtsied, her breasts pressed against her too-tight bodice.  The prince eyed her openly, smiling wryly as he did. 
“Your Highness,” she murmured. 
“No, Merand,” the prince led her towards the bed, “for now, I am simply, ‘Rumpelstiltskin’.”
The king was angered by his son’s lateness. His brother was disappointed. But neither anger nor disappointment mattered when the birth of a healthy boy was announced—a boy with curls as black as the raven’s wing.
“Shall we name him ‘Dyess’, my lord, for your father? Or ‘Evander’, for mine?” His princess asked shyly.
“He shall be named after his own father. The child’s name is Rumpelstiltskin,” the prince answered, leaving no room for further discussion.
Princess Selda smiled sweetly, hid her disappointment from her husband, and nodded. The child was baptized and the prince and princess prepared for their seven-day cleansing; during which time they were to remain isolated in their individual chambers. Afterwards, the two would meet in his rooms, where he  would take her to his bed. 
But Prince Rumpelstiltskin had never cared much for the cleansing. Now, having been through it three times previously, with only three tiny coffins in a crypt to show for it, he made the profane decision,
“Bring me a new girl tonight.” He issued his order to Sir Alber with a challenging smile.
“But, Your Highness, the cleansing,” Sir Alber stuttered, “the protection for your son.”
“It is a pointless ritual and his future will not be affected by it either way.” The prince looked down on the stout, little man. “Bring me a new girl tonight, and tomorrow, leave. You are henceforth stripped of your title. I warned you.”
As Sir Alber scuttled out of the room backwards, bowing feverously as he went, the prince let out a cruel laugh and shouted after him, “Just be grateful I am letting you keep your head.” 
Alber, former Earl of Briers, wandered the city streets with tears in his eyes. Even in his shame, he could not disobey his prince, but neither could he obey in good conscience. To provide the prince with a new mistress was to go against centuries of tradition and law, but he had no choice. 
As he passed citizens and soldiers, he gazed at every female face he passed.
A whore would never do—the prince demanded virgins—nor would an educated woman who would be sold by her family as a wife.  That left Alber with just the sycophantic middle-classes as his hunting ground. The baker’s daughter had been had, as well as the cobbler’s daughter. There was the blacksmith’s sister, but she was too old, too ugly for his prince’s exacting tastes. Alber began to despair when he realized he knew every face that crowded the square.
Then he heard a woman’s voice behind him.
“Looking for someone, love?” 
He turned quickly, but his heart sank when all he saw was an old hag. Her dress and cloak were too big, but they could not hide her frail, hunched frame. Nor could the shadow of her hood hide the creases by her eyes, the wrinkles on her brow or the gray of her hair.
“No, my lady, I am searching for no one.”
“Of course you are, man. You’re searching for a young virgin girl to satisfy a spoiled prince.”
“You speak out of turn, old woman,” Alber said with an increasing sense of irritation.
“Do I, Sir Alber?” Her eyes sparkled. “Except you have lost your title, have you not?”
Alber did not answer, (but trembled visibly. How could she have known? Surely the palace gossips could not have circulated news of his demise so quickly.)
“It is not satisfaction for your prince you seek, then? It is revenge that clouds your heart, and justice which you truly seek. These things you have found in Mother Ebba.”
As she spoke, to Alber’s amazement, the wrinkles on her face began to disappear.

*
Rumpelstiltskin did not open his eyes immediately. In his half-awake daze, he allowed himself the indulgence of remembering Ebba, the orphaned seamstress’ assistant Alber had found for him. Whilst half of the castle had been sleeping, and the other half celebrating the birth of their newest prince, Prince Rumpelstiltskin and Ebba had been celebrating in their own way. Knowing that his actions defied all of the traditions of his people, especially his father, had made it all the sweeter. 
He had loved her body, as he loved the bodies of all women. While feathers from the pillows flew about them, he had not thought once of his wife, alone in her chambers, or his son, already with his wet-nurse. All he could think of was how wonderful Ebba was—her velvety skin, her luscious curves and her herbal smell were intoxicating.
Now, with his eyes still closed, he took another deep breath, hoping to smell the chamomile in her hair. Instead he smelled honeysuckle and wet grass. Ebba must have opened the window, he thought. He called for her, but received no answer. 
Finally, with reluctance, he opened his eyes.
He shut them once more, rubbed them with his fists.
Opened them once more.
I am outside. Why am I outside?
Rumpelstiltskin sat up and looked around.
Not only was he outside, he was nowhere near his palace. He was sitting under a tree whilst apples fell beside him. All around him were fields and trees—not a single person in sight. Off in the far distance, he could make out a city, and a castle, but he could not tell which city it was.
Rumpelstiltskin stood up, each joint crying out in pain as he moved. 
“I will go to the city,” he said aloud to no one, “and someone will take me home.”
And so he began his trek. With every step, an aching in his belly grew, but he ignored it. Instead, he marveled at the size of the cows he passed and the height of the fences he walked besides.
“I must be in the Valley of Giants,” he murmured, “but how did I get here?”
He neared the city walls, noting with an element of suspicion that they were unguarded. He passed through the gates easily, too easily, and made his way to the main square. The giants stared down at him, but none addressed him.
“I’ve never been to the Valley,” he mused, “they must be in awe.”
Then he heard a small voice behind him.
“Mama, look.”
He turned to see a young girl pointing at him.
“Mama, look at the funny, small man. Mama, may we take him home?”
“No, Kya, do not point at the man,” she said, pulling her cheeky daughter away.
Rumpelstiltskin, full of indignation asked the woman, “Do you not know who I am, giant?” 
“ I may be a giant to you, sir,” she turned away again, laughing lightly.
“I am Prince Rumpelstiltskin, and if you turn away once more, I will have you beheaded in front of your daughter.”
“Oh aye, Your Highness, but I’m the Empress of this street and shall have your feet cut off if you step anywhere near me.” With a quick turn and mocking bow, the woman took her daughter’s hand and strolled away, still laughing.
For a moment, Rumpelstiltskin stood frozen to the spot and fuming with anger, until another giant came along and nearly knocked him over with his sack.
“Watch yourself, dwarf,” the stranger called back gruffly.
“Dwarf?” Rumpelstiltskin glanced around the square quickly, and saw someone he knew.
“Alber,” he cried.
Alber, who was strangely dressed in his finest robes and jewels, did not turn in response to his master’s cries. Rumpelstiltskin ran after him, dodging carts, chickens and children. As he neared Alber, he began to realize the former earl towered over him. 
“Alber,  I have found you.”
Alber turned to Rumpelstiltskin, but seemed not to recognize him.
“Alber, take me home at once,” Rumpelstiltskin continued anyway, “I do not know what happened to me last night. The girl you brought…I woke up in a field, and now I’m … I’m short! I need to speak with my father. Why are you dressed so? I took away your titles yesterday. Take me home and I shall reconsider. Why are you laughing so?”
Indeed, Alber could not control his raucous laughter.
“Alber, do you not know me?” Rumpelstiltskin felt his panic increase and he tried to push the feeling away.
“And exactly who, little man, do you believe your father to be? The king?” He wheezed.
“Little man? Of course the king is my father, stupid! I am Prince Rumpelstiltskin.” The prince clutched at a sudden pain in his stomach.
“Well then,” Alber began, still laughing, “you are in luck, for I am King Oglenork. Let me call my servants; they will escort you home.”
He walked away laughing whilst Rumpelstiltskin called after him in vain. Rumpelstiltskin was left with no option but to stare after him with his mouth agape. The pain still throbbed in his belly. The sound of shrill laughter burst out behind him.
“He doesn’t recognize you, your Highness.”
Rumpelstiltskin turned and found himself face to face with Ebba. She had a sadistic smile on her face, and more wrinkles that he remembered.
“And, he won’t recognize you – ever,”
“What have you done, you whore?”
“I made them forget,” she replied, clearly amused by the prince’s insult.
“Who? Who has forgotten?”
“Everyone.” Her smiled widened. “Everyone has forgotten you –  and I made it so.”
As she spoke, Rumpelstiltskin watched her hair whiten.
“There’s more to this curse, Rumpelstiltskin,” she crooned.
“I am a prince, and you will address me as such.”
“You are a dwarf, whose belly has been hurting for some time now.”
Rumpelstiltskin did not answer. He had to fight to keep his hand from clutching his stomach.
“Others consider generosity to be a blessing. Helping others is a reward. You, however, have only ever cared for yourself. Someone, somewhere, is in need and you must go to them to make the pain go away.”
“I don’t know who it is, or where they are. What if I can’t help them?” 
“You’re still rich, Rumpelstiltskin. You still have a castle full of gold and silver at your disposal, though you will never see it. Reach into your pocket, and anything you require will appear. Release yourself to the call of the needy, and you will know where you must go.” Ebba turned to leave.
“Wait, will that break this curse?” the little prince asked desperately.
“You believe it can be broken?”
“All curses can be broken,” he replied.
She laughed. “That is true, Rumpelstilstskin. But helping others will not break this one—helping others is your curse, because you are selfish and unfeeling.”
“Tell me how to break it.” He  commanded ignoring her statement.
“It will not be easy. You must make Selda remember you.”
“My wife?”
“She is the one you wronged most in your previous life. You ignored her; you cheated on her. You hurt her. And now she is the only one who may set you free, if you can find her. Now, you really should be heading off to the one who is calling for you.”
“I can’t go. I have to find Selda.”
“If you don’t, your body will break itself in two. This would be unfortunate, considering what you look like now.” Ebba couldn’t resist a giggle.
She pulled a small hand mirror from the pouch on her waist. For the first time, the once-handsome, tall and imposing Prince Rumpelstiltskin saw what he had become. Where wide, brown eyes once watched the world, a pair of black, beady eyes glared. His noble, straight nose had been replaced by a long, crooked beak. Tufts of black hair sprouted from his ears, whilst his head was bald as a vultures.
Ebba took her mirror back.
“Now, go, Rumpelstiltskin.”
Without another word, Ebba delivered a quick kick to his stomach. Instead of pain, Rumpelstiltskin felt himself flying through black light and icy fire. He heard the echo of a child asking for help, but could not know who’s voice it was or where the voice was drawing him to. The ache in his belly was gone and the air around him grew cold. 
A sudden jolt brought him out of the light and fire and into a world of darkness. 
Rumpelstiltskin brought himself to his hands and knees, still blind, and began to feel about him. Wherever he was, there was snow on the ground, and buildings all around him. Then, he heard the child’s voice again. He stopped and when he did, his sight began to return slowly, as if a fog were being lifted.
A small girl came into his sights. She was dressed in rags and was hiding in the alcove of an abandoned house. In her right hand, she held a bundle of matches; in the left, a single lit match, which she held close to her cheek. She was crying.
Rumpelstiltskin stood and hid himself in a doorway across the street. He watched as the match in the little girl’s hand extinguished. She lit another, and another, and another. She was about to light her fifth when Rumpelstiltskin saw a light around the corner.
“I have money,” a drunken man called loudly. 
“Your money’s no good here, Ballack. Get back to your wife, toad,” a laughing voice followed just before the light disappeared.
“Beds like nails, anyway,” Ballack murmured as he passed where Rumpelstiltskin hid.
“An inn,” Rumpelstiltskin muttered happily, “a bed away from the snow.”
He reached into his pocket, confident the gold the witch promised would be there. Instead, his pocket was empty.
“I need money to buy me a room at the inn,” he whispered.
Still, his pockets were empty.
He glanced to where the girl still lit her matches.
“I need money to buy her a room at the inn.”
As soon as the words left his lips, Rumpelstiltskin felt something heavy fall into his pocket. He reached in, and pulled out a handful of gold. Forgetting the little girl, he let out a great yelp of joy and ran off in the direction of the light.
From her shadows, the girl watched the strange man jump into the air, then go running off through the snow. 
“Whatever his joy, I hope he is able to keep it,” she whispered through chattering teeth. 
Slowly, she went on lighting her matches.

Rumpelstiltskin’s own screams woke him. His fingers and toes felt as if they were being crushed, but there was no one else in the room.  He lifted his hands to his eyes, but could see nothing crushing his fingers. They were obviously longer and slightly mangled; tufts of dark hair grew on each knuckle. But they were unmistakably his own fingers – the signet ring that once belonged to his father, still sat on his little finger.
He ran to the mirror and saw with increased horror that six ugly warts had sprouted on his cheeks and chin. 
“What happened?” he asked his reflection in a tone that sounded like the beginnings of remorse.
A pounding at the door made him jump and the unusual feelings fled.
“What’s going on in there? What’s the screaming about?” the voice of the landlord boomed through the door. 
Rumpelstiltskin panicked and raced to the window. The drop was barely ten feet, and the snow drift below his window broke his fall easily. As he rounded the street corner, he could still make out the landlord’s yelling and the various tenants who were now joining him. Rumpelstiltskin turned away from the warmth and comfort of the tavern.
Then he stopped, suddenly.
There, in the doorframe where he’d left her, lay the girl with the matchsticks. Her eyes were closed, her tears frozen upon her pale cheeks; her lips were a deep blue. The deformed prince could only stare, and then he glanced down at his knuckles.
The pain was just beginning to return to his belly when he heard a man crying behind him. 
The stranger ran past him and pushed him out of the way.
Rumplestiltskin heard the heavy, grief-laden declaration, “That’s my daughter.”
Then he was flying through fire and light once more.
	
*
When he landed, he was in the middle of a clearing, which contained a small, quaint cottage. Two dozen rose bushes surrounded the building and each window had a flower box underneath. It was a stark contrast to the wild forest surrounding it.
The dwarf crept slowly towards a window on the western wall. Through the gauzy curtain he could see a four-poster bed. An old woman, still dressed in her nightgown and cap, lay asleep. 
“Who could have needed my help here?” he asked himself.
He was about to turn away when he heard a muffled voice from inside the cottage. He peered closer and strained his ears. The voice appeared to come from the sleeping woman on the bed, and it was asking for help – for his help 
Rumpelstiltskin crept to the front door, which swung open at his touch. ‘Too easy’ he thought.  Inside, the smell of burning hit him. He followed his nose and found a loaf of bread baking on the fire. The woman had been asleep long enough for it to burn, and deep enough not to notice the strong, distinctive smell. There was another smell too; harder to place. Rumplestilskin stalked the room, sniffing the air. It was the smell of an animal.
The muffled voice called out again from the bed. Rumpelstiltskin went quietly to the bedside.
He fell backwards, held back his screams.
It was not an old woman sleeping on the bed, but a wolf. The cries for help were coming from inside the belly of the beast.
He ate them. He glanced quickly around the cottage. How am I supposed to help them?
His eyes fell upon a long knife lying on the table. The wolf on the bed did not move as he stepped away and wrapped his warped fingers around the hilt. The wolf did not move when he came back to the bed. Rumpelstiltskin hesitated, only a moment, then drew the blade across the wolf’s throat, spilling his crimson blood on the white sheet. 
The beast’s eyes opened. It clawed at the wound. A horrible gurgling passed its lips, along with more blood. Its legs thrashed about, and whoever was in his belly was screaming.
“Don’t worry. I’m here to help you,” Rumplestiltskin cried.
The screaming continued; whoever it was hadn’t heard him. 
The wolf stopped thrashing, its swollen belly turned toward the sky. Rumpelstiltskin held the knife in his hand, it’s tip hovering just above the wolf’s gut. The metallic scent of blood drenched his nostrils. 
“I’m helping you,” he whispered, then dug his blade into the dead animal’s skin. 
Cutting into the stomach was more difficult than Rumpelstiltskin could have imagined. Through layers of matted fur, thick skin and spongy fat, Rumpelstiltskin sliced. Every now and then, he would stop to vomit.
Then he heard a noise outside. Someone was approaching the cottage.
Fearful another wolf had caught the scent of the blood, the dwarf dove under the bed. The screaming from the wolf’s belly continued.
The door opened. A pair of boots crossed the wooden floor with a heavy manful tread. The aching in his belly began again. The screaming continued. The stranger unsheathed his knife.
“Don’t worry,” the gruff voice announced, “I’m here to help you.”
Just as the huntsman released the girl and her grandmother from the dead wolf’s stomach, Rumpelstiltskin disappeared.
“Thank you, kind, huntsman,” the child murmured, collapsing on the floor.
“I only wanted to help,” the huntsman replied.
Later, the girl would tell her mother that a little man had been under the bed.
No one believed her.

Rumpelstiltskin had no control over where he was sent, or who needed his help. Every time the aching began, he prayed it was Selda who needed help. For months, his prayers were unanswered.
A girl with golden hair needed to be saved from three bears—he stopped them as they chased her. A woman with black hair needed a prince to break a curse—he told the prince where to go. An orphaned girl needed to go to a ball—Rumpelstiltskin paid the fairy’s fees. A wooden boy wanted to be real. A mermaid wanted to be human. 
Not one of them ever knew his name. Many did not even know the dwarf had been the one who helped them. 
For two years, Rumpelstiltskin waited for Selda’s call, so sure, so hopeful, was he that one day she, too, would need his help.

*
Her call came in the middle of the night. When he woke, Rumpelstiltskin was standing outside the castle he remembered so well. Against the dark sky, only one light, high in the castle’s tower, burned. Rumpletsiltkin entered his once home like a sneak thief and made his way  towards it. When Rumpelstiltskin entered the dank room, Selda jumped. She had been crying.
“Who are you?” she asked.
She looked at him as if at a stranger, and Rumpelstiltskin’s heart sank in his chest.
“I am here to help you,” he answered with a sigh, “for that is what you need.” 
“I do need it, but you cannot help me, sir.”
“Tell me what you need.”
He stepped towards his wife, shocked at the change in her appearance. She was no longer a princess, and clearly had never been one. Her dress was in rags and her shoes were made of wood.
Rumpelstiltskin could not help but lay a hand on one of hers. The hands which had once been white and delicate were rough, and blistered from laboring outside. But even so they glowed under his mutilated fingers. She pulled away when his skin touched hers as if repulsed by his touch.
“Tell me what you need,” he repeated, tucking his hands away into his pockets.
“My father told the king that I can spin this straw into gold.”
The dwarf looked around the room. Mountains of straw lay against every wall. In the far corner lay an old, wooden spinning wheel.
“And can you?”
She let out a sad laugh, “No one can spin straw into gold. Even a fool knows that.” She looked at him with pity, “When I fail, the king will have me executed—to punish my father for lying to him.”
“I can spin it for you,” Rumplestiltskin offered.
Immediately, her eyes lit up and, for a moment, Rumpelstiltskin dared to hope that she had recognized him.
She is the one you wronged most, the witch’s words echoed, you hurt her. Make her remember you.
The dwarf folded his arms across his chest. “I won’t do it for free. I need help too, you know. What will you give me to spin gold for you?”
Selda pulled on a chain around her neck, freeing the locket that hung there. She held it out to her former husband, who recognized it immediately. It had once belonged to his mother, who had gifted it to Selda before she had died. 
“It looks valuable,” he said.
“It is an antique. It belonged to my grandmother.”
“It will do. Bring me more straw.” 
When she turned away, he whispered, “I need gold thread.” Instantly, his pocket was heavier. He sat down and pretended to spin—he’d stuff straw into a pocket that never filled, and pulled gold thread from a pocket that never emptied. When Selda approached the spinning wheel, she was amazed to see three spindles of gold thread sitting by the dwarf’s feet. He stopped spinning and looked at her.
“Sleep now, Selda,” he said gently, “and when you wake, the work will be done.”

The next night, she called him again. Rumpelstiltskin arrived outside the castle once more, but a different window in the tower  was alight. The room to which Selda had been moved was much larger than her previous room. Mountains of straw lined the walls.
“Do you remember me?” he asked when he entered.
“Yes, you helped me last night,” Selda answered as she dried her tears.
“Yes, I was here last night. What will you give me if I spin for you tonight?”
“My ring.” She pulled the silver bauble off her finger.
Rumpelstiltskin held the ring between his fingers, studied the engraved metal. It was the ring he had given her on their wedding day.
“It looks valuable.”
“It was a gift from my father.”
Rumpelstiltskin felt his heart break as he slipped the ring onto his third finger. 
“It will do,” he murmured as he began to spin.

Selda didn’t stir from her slumber when
Rumpelstiltskin left at midnight. He knew he had to leave the castle, but he couldn’t shake the stone that had settled in his stomach. Instead, he meandered through the empty halls, twisting the ring on his middle finger. He was nearing the grand entrance when a familiar voice behind him stopped him.
“Father, I wish to marry the spinning girl.”
“My brother,” Rumpelstiltskin whispered, diving behind a curtain. 
Seconds later, the king and prince came around the corner. Though many already slumbered, each of these had troubles that kept them awake. The prince looked hopeful, as one in love usually does. The king looked preoccupied, as one with a burden on their shoulders usually does.
“Dionard,” the king began, “you cannot be serious.”
Prince Dionard’s hopefulness turned to despair. He stopped just near Rumpelstiltskin’s hiding place, and the king with him.
“Father, I am determined.”
“We are on the brink of war with our northern neighbor, Dionard. King Bathor and the entire army of Jolamonde wait only for our moment of weakness. And instead of readying yourself for combat as you ought, you dally on with a miller’s daughter?”
“I love her, Father.”
“Get these thoughts from your head this instant, Dionard. The woman you marry will be queen one day, and she is not suitable for that position. She is a commoner, and a poor one besides.”
“She can spin straw into gold. What else would make her good enough for you? Must she lay a golden egg as well? Make a blind man see or produce a speaking mirror? What will make her good enough, Father? Whatever it is, I am sure she will accomplish it. She is extraordinary, and you may have whatever your prize. Just let me have her, let me marry her. I care for none but her.”
With these words, Prince Dionard stormed away, followed closely by his fuming father. 
When Rumpelstiltskin was very sure that they had gone, he sprung from behind the curtain and raced out of the palace. He ran until he reached the city below and the tavern on the square. He went inside, and every man turned to stare at the ugly dwarf.
“Ale!” Rumpelstiltskin demanded. A tankard was sloshed unceremoniously in front of him. He took a seat at the bar and began to drink. 
He was on his sixth pint when he called the barman over.
“I’m looking for a witch, barman. Where do I find her?”
“She can’t make you grow, little man,” the barman laughed. 
“I don’t want her to make me grow. I want to kill her.” His words were beginning to slur.
“You can hold your ale, little man,” the barman continued to laugh, “but you may have forgotten that you can barely touch a lady’s waist. Are you going to bite her knees until she dies?”
The barman turned away from the drunken dwarf. Rumpelstiltskin, enraged by the man’s mocking, lunged across the bar and wrapped his fingers around the barman’s neck. No one in the tavern anticipated the strength of the dwarf, and by the time six men were able to pull him away, the barman’s eyes had begun to bulge. 
They sent him out into the night with a bloody nose and swollen lip, and slammed the door.
“You smell like a fairy’s arse,” He cried to them, too drunk to care that his insults meant nothing. Most of the men had already disappeared, anyway.
“Witch,” Rumpelstiltskin turned to the square, crying ever louder. “Witch, come out so I can wring your neck. Come out and face me, you devil’s whore.”
His cries called forth the anger of many a woken villager, but he carried on shouting regardless.
“Witch Ebba, too afraid to face me? Destroyer of lives and breaker of fingers, let me kill you.”
“Do you think that is any way to get me to help you?”
Rumpelstiltskin spun around. Ebba was leaning against a doorframe. Her face was lined with more wrinkles than Rumpelstiltskin could remember, and she was slightly hunched, but she was there.
“I do not want your help, evil woman. I want to cut out your heart.”
“You do want my help, Prince Rumpelstiltskin; you know you still have time to break the curse. She may remember you yet.”
“She will marry my brother.”
“Your father will try to stop it.”
“Dionard is determined.”
“And he will succeed,” Ebba smiled, “I’ve seen it.”
“You can see the future and you can change my past. Make her remember me. You have the power, do you not?”
“Indeed, but I shall not.”
“If you will not help me, I shall destroy the future you have created.”
“You cannot, Rumpelstiltskin. This world is out of your control now. You wasted your power as a prince, so you will lament the loss as a dwarf.”
The sun began to filter through the chimneys that topped each home.
“Rumpelstiltskin,” Ebba continued.
“Do not waste your words anymore, Ebba. By dawn tomorrow, she will remember me, or I will destroy you. I will triumph, one way or another.”
	
*
“Do you remember me?” The dwarf asked the miller’s daughter.
“You’ve helped me twice already. Will you help me once more? I am to spin this straw to gold. If I succeed, the king has determined that I shall marry his son. If I fail, I shall be locked in the dungeon until I die.”
Rumpelstiltskin glanced around. The room was as large as the throne room, with more straw than he’d ever seen. 
“What will you give me to spin this for you?”
“I have nothing else to give you,” she said with a trembling lip.
“I will accept a lady’s promise.”
“What promise?”
“Promise me your first child after you’ve become queen.”
“What if I never bear children?”
“Then the work will be free of charge.”
Selda thought for a moment.
“Will you promise,” Rumpelstiltskin continued, “or shall I escort you to the dungeons now?”
“Please, there must be another way  – you don’t know what you ask.”
“I do indeed but that is my price. You are young, you will have many children.”
Selda wrung her hands. Tears pricked her eyes. “Very well, I promise. My first child shall be yours.”
“Then go to sleep, my dear, and when you wake, the work will be done.”
Rumpelstiltskin grinned and sat down behind the spinning wheel.
	
The next morning, the king entered the room, followed by Prince Dionard. Both were amazed by what they saw. It should have taken the maid seven days and seven nights to spin that much straw, yet they were confronted by piles and piles of gold. Selda sat on her mat in the corner, smiling sweetly.
“Good morrow, Your Majesty,” She bowed her head.
Prince Dionard ran to her corner and pulled the girl to her feet.
“My father made me a promise, Selda,” he began happily, “because he thought you could not accomplish the task he set forth. But even he must see now that you are incredible. I love you, Selda, and I want you to be my wife. Tomorrow, we marry.”
	
A year passed. In that time, Rumpelstiltskin went on helping those who cried out to him, although not always graciously. A prince needed to find a sleeping woman, so Rumpelstiltskin sent him through the thorny forest rather than the underground servants tunnel.  An emperor needed to appear impressive, and Rumpelstiltskin tricked him into appearing naked in front of his subjects—making him appear the fool, until a child pointed out the emperor’s bravery for being in public without clothing.
His mangled fingers never straightened, and the warts never disappeared, but as long as those who needed help ultimately received it, his body did not change. He slept in hollowed logs and underground dens, and every night he sang to himself:

She doesn’t know me, ‘tis a terrible shame.
A poor, ugly dwarf I shall be, ‘til the end of a witch’s game.

My wife queen, my brother king, my father old and lame;
All I can do is mourn and sing, she doesn’t remember my name.

Today I brew; anon I bake, oh, what a happy game.
Soon, my child away I shall take, for Rumpelstiltskin is my name.

Since Selda had married Prince Dionard, she was never asked to spin again. She had long forgotten the dwarf who helped her, and the promise that she had made him. 
Exactly one year after she had promised her child away, she gave birth to a son; a prince, to be named Dyess, after the king. A beautiful, sweet prince that she and her husband could rejoice in every day. Tournaments were held in his honor, and great feasts that lasted a full week.
Three months after the prince was born, his mother was leaning into his cradle, singing softly to her sleeping child. She turned when the door squeaked open behind her.
“Your Highness,” the dwarf’s long nose touched the ground when he bowed. “Do you remember me, princess?”
“You can spin straw into gold,” Selda whispered, the horror of the situation swept over her.
“For a price.”
Selda lifted her child from his cradle.
“You remember your promise, then. Hand me my child.”
“Please, I will give you anything you want.”
“I want the child.”
“I have gold.”
“As do I.”
“I have silver, jewels. Anything I have is yours.”
“I have silver and jewels, and you are holding what I want. Hand me the child.”
“Please, sir, anything but my child,” she begged, tears flowing down her cheeks. “My son is my life.”
Rumpelstiltskin faltered and twisted the ring on his middle finger. It may have been her tears that softened his heart. It may have been the child’s raven curls. Whatever it was, it made Rumpelstiltskin remember—remember a time long ago, when he actually loved the woman before him, and looked forward to the birth of their own son. It made him remember what he had done to her, and what had happened to him because of it.
He remembered who cursed him, and the promise he had made to her.
I shall destroy the future you have created.
“I shall give you three days, princess.”
Selda looked at the dwarf.
“If you cannot guess my name in three days’ time, the child is mine, and I will take it.” Rumpelstiltskin bowed low again. “I will see you tomorrow, princess, when the sun sets.”

Selda spent the next day at her writing desk, listing every name she knew. The servants tried to make her eat, but to no avail. Her husband tried to talk to her, joked about her naming their next child already, but she would not laugh. When the sun began to set, she stood, but did not walk away. She merely stared out the window, watching the darkening sky.
When the full moon rose, the door swung open on creaky hinges. 
“Your Highness,” Rumpelstiltskin whispered, bowing low. “Have you learned my name yet?”
“Is your name John, or Paul, or Nicholas?”
“No, princess.”
“Is your name Balthazar, or Julian?”
“No, princess.”
“Is your name Alexander?”
“That is not my name.”
For hours, Selda read every name on her list. But after every name she’d ever heard, the dwarf would only say, “That is not my name.” At midnight, he smiled at her.
“Two days more, princess,” He said, holding up two fingers, and then disappeared.
Selda sank into her chair and buried her face into her hands.
“Have you learned any new names, Your Highness?”
“Yes; I have sent messengers into the towns to learn every name.”
“And what have you found?”
“Is your name Magnus, or Fife, or Spindleshanks?”
“No, princess.”
“Is your name Razzial, or Wolfgang?”
“No, princess.”
“Is your name Talmage?”
“That is not my name.”
At midnight, the dwarf held up one finger, smiled and disappeared.

The next day, Selda sent out her messengers. One hundred men were sent into the countryside—into neighboring countries if they could ride that fast. Many returned long before the sun began to set, but with disappointing results. Only two had not yet returned when the sky began to grow dark.
Melic and Boe were still ten miles from the palace when the other messengers were returning.
“We could go through there,” Boe said, pointing to the forest.
“It’ll be dark soon, we could get lost.”
“It’s the quickest way to the palace if we stay on the trail.”
Melic thought about it, then nodded curtly. The two turned into the forest.  
For a long time, they walked in silence. When the trees no longer cast their shadow, and the sky was full of stars, they stopped. Melic pulled a piece of flint from his pocket while Boe ripped a strip of fabric from his undershirt and tied it to a broken branch. Boe handed the make-shift torch  to his companion, looked ahead. 
Suddenly, he laid a hand on Melic’s shoulder.
“Wait, Melic,” he whispered, “look.”
Melic looked up, and knew what Boe wanted him to see. There, through the trees, he could see a faint glow. Boe put a finger to his lips, began to creep towards the light. 
They heard a voice, singing through the trees. They were close enough to smell the burning wood, and the stew that cooked over the flame. Then they were close enough to see the little man that danced around the fire. They were close enough to hear the words he was singing. They were the same words he’d been singing every night for a year.

She doesn’t know me, ‘tis a terrible shame.
A poor, ugly dwarf I shall be, ‘til the end of a witch’s game.

His voice was growing louder, his dancing wilder.

My wife queen, my brother king, my father old and lame;
All I can do is mourn and sing, she doesn’t remember my name.

By the third verse, the little man was screaming,

Today I brew; anon I bake, oh, what a happy game.
Soon, my child away I shall take, for Rumpelstiltskin is my name.

Melic and Boe looked at each other, mouths agape. They didn’t speak a word. They sneaked away from their hiding places, back to the path towards the castle. Then, when they deemed it safe, they began to run. They ran, as fast as they could, to the castle, with only the stars to guide them.

Rumpelstiltskin hadn’t seen the queen’s men. And none of the three had seen Mother Ebba, hiding on the other side of the grove. But now the queen’s men were leaving. Mother Ebba watched them run off before she revealed herself to the dwarf.
“You are going through with this, then?”
Rumpelstiltskin stopped singing. He turned to Ebba with a wicked gleam in his eye. So intent was he on hurting her, he barely noticed that no trace of the young woman he’d met three years prior remained. Ebba was old, hunched, and gray-haired.
“You are going to take the child from your wife?” she rasped.
“She’s not my wife, anymore. You saw to that, Witch Ebba.” 
“You are not helping her anymore, Rumpelstiltskin. Your curse was to help.”
“I am done helping,” he cried out angrily. “Break my body, if you must, but helping them did not change a thing. I am still an ugly dwarf, and Selda still does not remember me.”
“You have learned nothing, then?”
“I have learned to take revenge when the opportunity arises. And, if you will excuse me,” He bowed his head, mocking the woman before him, “my opportunity approaches.”
He turned to leave.
“Did you ever truly love her?” she asked. Rumpelstiltskin stopped and turned back. 
“Selda,” Ebba whispered, “did you ever love Selda?”
“What does it matter now?”
“Selda is my child,” Ebba answered. “As her mother, I want to know.”
“You are not Selda’s mother. In my time, she was a princess. Now, she is a miller’s daughter.”
“She was never a princess, Rumpelstiltskin. She was a poor girl with a mother who wanted to give her everything. So the mother dressed her up, and took her to a palace, where she sneaked her into a lavish ball. Her mother made her forget her poverty. She made Selda think she was a princess, and she watched her beautiful daughter win the heart of a prince.”
Rumpelstiltskin listened to the confession in stunned silence.
“The heart was black, it’s true,” Ebba stepped forward. “But did she actually win it? You ignored her, and had other women. Did you ever love Selda, Rumpelstiltskin?”
The dwarf took a deep breath, and, for the first time in a long time, he told the truth.
“I loved her the moment I saw her. She coursed through my veins and gave me life. But I did not know how to show it.”
“Show it now. Let her keep her child.”
“No,” the hardness was creeping back into his eyes, “if I cannot have Selda, I will have her child.”
“She may yet free you, Rumpelstiltskin,” Ebba warned.
He turned away.
“She does not remember me.”
As he walked away, he began to sing again. He sang to the moon, and to the birds. He sang to the old woman who watched him with sadness in her eyes.
Selda waited in her room, clutching her child to her breast. Heavy tears fell from her eyes onto the prince’s cheeks, but he did not stir from his sleep. 
A knock at the door.
Selda jumped.
The messengers entered and fell to their knees.
When Selda regained her composure, they began to tell her the names they had learned in the towns and country. They were names she’d already heard, and Selda began to despair. Then Melic began a new tale—a tale about a forest and the little man who lit his fires there. Melic told her about the little man’s song. Then the messengers left.“Rumpelstiltskin,” the princess repeated the name to herself. “I know that name. I’ve heard that name somewhere. Rumpelstiltskin…”
She was still whispering the name to herself when the door opened.
“Your Highness,” the dwarf greeted. “Have you learned any more names?”
Selda turned to face him, and her eye caught the ring on his finger—her ring. With this ring…her father’s gift. She saw her locket around his neck. It belonged to my mother…her grandmother’s locket. 
Selda shook her head, disbelieving. 
“Is your name Perlimpinpin?” She stuttered.
“That is not my name.”
He shall be named after his own father.
“Is your name Utzli-Gutzli?”
“That is not my name.”
Selda looked down at her sleeping child, at his raven curls.
He shall be named after his own father, the words echoed around her—words from a voice she couldn’t place. He shall be named after…
“My husband,” she whispered.
The ground began to quake, the walls began to shift, as the princess began to remember. She remembered a palace, and a ball, and a prince she met there. She remembered his father, Dyess, and his brother, Dionard. She remembered a wedding, and a ring placed on her finger.
Rumpelstiltskin watched in horror as a long crack extended across the floor of the room, running right between his legs.
You must make Selda remember you…Selda fought for memories she had long forgotten.
His shall be named after…
The crack began to open. 
She may free you yet, Rumpelstiltskin…
He couldn’t move—his feet stuck fast to the floor. Any moment, he would fall into the abyss.
Selda looked to the dwarf. Her husband looked back. 
I loved her the moment I saw her.
A single word formed on her lips. 
His name is—
“Rumpelstiltskin.”

The End


ABOUT THE AUTHOR: JESS ZEIDLER
	
A Philadelphia native, Jessica Zeidler has been writing stories since she was strong enough to hold a pencil. Writing is what makes her life complete, which is a good thing since the rest of the time is usually spent talking to the characters in her head and staring at the rain. Currently, she lives just outside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where her books never collect dust. When she's not in front of her computer screen, she's reading, acting and eating cereal with a tablespoon because it makes her feel like a giant. She is at the beginning of her author journey but with short works like "Fair Trade", published in ‘A Golden Light Anthology’ by Chamberton Publishing and "Rumplestiltskin" included here, it is clear that she is an emerging talent.  
You can follow Jess’ writing over at Facebook on her official author page www.facebook.com/jessicabzeidler. 


THE HEART TREE
by
Laurie Lyons

There was something not quite right with the tree in the yard. She wrung her hands. Her garden gloves crinkled with each grasp. 
Everything else in the yard behaved just as it should. Rose made sure of that. She checked and double checked the little tags that came with the trees and the plants, cross referencing them with the scores of volumes on her tidy book shelf. She knew, within the day, when plants would bloom, recede and seed. Rose Dobson knew everything there was to know about her yard and its citizens.
Except for that tree. That one blasted tree. 
Rose wasn’t even sure what genus or species the tree was and when she called the customer service number in her tree catalogue to inquire, they had no idea either. The loud woman on the phone told her such things weren’t really a matter of concern as long as the tree was healthy.
Rose could not disagree more.
At twenty years old, she had lived in this home on Pickering Avenue since graduating from Eliza’s Business School, and she was very particular about her yard and garden.  She had saved carefully to buy herself this house and had no intention of it being ruined. Frankly, Rose Dobson was particular about most things. She was particular about her clothing, selecting only the most muted of colors and the cleanest of lines and a simple matching scarf each day. She was particular about her office cubicle at the Brown Bank where she reviewed loan applications; being selective about the orchids she kept in it and making sure that only a certain type of pencil found its way into her cat coffee mug. Rose loved cats but certainly could never own one; the fur alone terrified her. 
Rose was particularly particular about her yard. She felt the front and back gardens were a true rating of someone’s worth in society.  She often tsked her tongue at the decrepit lawns devoid of flowers or sensible greens. She all but lost her breath at the ones with brown grass or (heavens above) toys littering the lawn. 
No, Rose liked things just the way she liked them. And then, just last week, the tree showed up. Literally, showed up on her doorstep with a haughty, disheveled teenager and a trolley demanding to know where to put the tree. Despite Rose’s polite yet insistent protestations, the young man made it clear that the tree was for her, went ahead and dug a hole on the east corner, shoved it in and drove off in an equally disheveled truck. 
Rose was beside herself. 
To make matters worse, the tree had come with no paperwork, no orderly tag to add to her binder of organized tags. She had no idea when it would bloom or why or how. She didn’t know if it produced fruit or when the best, most logical time to prune it would be. It had come only with a card. A maddening, simple, useless card that read: HEART TREE - USE WITH CAUTION. Foolishness.  Rose had never heard of a Heart Tree. When she questioned the rude delivery boy, he assured her that this was the right card for this tree and told her to simply follow the instructions.
Instructions her foot!
Bouncing between irritation and anxiety, Rose spent the week in turmoil. She had been so distracted at work that she made mistakes that horrified her. Mr. Reynolds, her buffoon of a boss, was furious at her. 
Now it was Monday morning again. Rose stood in her kitchen, having completed her orderly morning gardening routine like pruning and dead heading the pink flowers. Tomorrow would be the turn of the purple flowers. She looked out of the window at that tree. It had now been in her yard for five days. She had begrudgingly watered it despite having considered letting it starve in order to be rid of it. She had dismissed the idea for fear of what the neighbors would think if Rose had a dead tree in her yard.  Now, she would swear that the tree had visibly grown over the last five days. She shook her head. 
There was something not quite right about that tree in the yard.
Sighing, Rose was determined to go about her regular routine before work. Moving swiftly, Rose went about preparing her steel cut oats for breakfast. Once they were in their regular Monday bowl, she went to the fridge to retrieve the ten blueberries she added to her oats every morning. Pulling open the fridge door, she froze. There were no blueberries. Confused, she began to look for them, shifting items left and right but knew it was pointless, there was no way she would have put them anywhere but in their spot; the second shelf on the right hand side in the front. Blueberries were never put anywhere else. 
Rose was positive that she had purchased them at her last visit to Smotleys Market on Friday, her market day. What was she to do now? Without her regular breakfast, Rose would be “off” all day. The mind reeled at what disasters might ensue. She sighed; maybe she did forget to buy them, which wasn’t at all like her. It was all because of that blasted tree. She looked back out of the kitchen window and shot the tree an especially sour look. Then her look changed to shocked curiosity for there was something different about the tree. 
Rose opened the back door and raced into the yard. No, she had not been mistaken. In the middle of the lower branches was one, very large piece of fruit. It had certainly not been there before this morning when she was watering it. She surely would have noticed. She moved closer to examine the mysterious thing. She had never seen anything like it. It was about the size of a large orange but smooth skinned and deep purple like an eggplant. Tentatively, Rose reached up with the desire to touch the soft, smooth skin. She gasped as the fruit fell into her outstretched hand, just as if it had jumped off the tree. Looking back at the branches, Rose could see nothing else. It appeared as though this was the only fruit on the tree and it had grown in the last ten minutes. 
Dazed, Rose carried the fruit inside. Should she taste it? No, certainly, that was a foolish thing to do. She had no idea if the fruit was edible or not. It could be poison. Despite her inner thoughts on the matter, her hands had a mind of their own and they moved the fruit up to her mouth.  This is a terrible idea she thought to herself, a horrible, unreasonable, silly idea and yet her hands kept moving and her mouth began to open. 
“No!” she managed to whisper before she bit down through the soft flesh. 
Her eyes widened in surprise and she would have let out a shocked ‘oh!’ if her mouth hadn’t been so full. The taste was unlike anything she’d ever had; the flavors of every food she had ever enjoyed, and most certainly ones that she never allowed herself to indulge in assaulted her taste buds. Her mouth flooded with flavors like; bubblegum, lollypops, chocolate, butter rum ice-cream, and even brie cheese with potato chips. Rose bit again and again until within moments, the entire fruit was gone and she held nothing but the stem. ‘Strange’ she thought, ‘No seed.’
Rose’s stomach was pleasantly full and a small smile touched the edges of her thin lips. She could not remember feeling quite so satisfied by anything. Quickly, she replaced her happy-face with her normal stern expression. She was going to be late for work and that simply would not do. She washed her hands thoroughly and dried them, fetched her keys and handbag from their normal spot on the coat rack and set out the door walking at a brisk pace. She wasn’t even half way to the bank when she realized that she had left her bowl of oats forgotten on the counter to cool and congeal throughout the day. For some reason, this thought didn’t upset her as much as it would have done yesterday. 
Within seven precise minutes, Rose headed into the elevator at the bank. She despised sharing elevators and yet she could not remember a time that she had had the blissfulness of riding in an elevator alone. And, just like every other day, a meaty arm was thrust into the closing doors. Rose rolled her eyes as the rest of man sidled into the tight box. She begrudgingly slid sideways to allow him more real estate. He smiled a sweaty smile of thanks at her and hammered his club like fingers on the buttons. Rose did not smile but offered a weak sneer; it was the best she could offer at the time. As the elevator began to move, Rose thought, ‘I wish he hadn’t made the elevator.’ 
To her amazement, the man vanished. There was no sound, no movement, but the man was just suddenly gone. Rose let out a small squeak as she grasped onto the side railing. How was this possible? Whilst holding the railing, Rose reached out and waved her hand in the empty space the huge man had left behind. Trembling, Rose heard the faint ding of the elevator as it arrived on the third floor. Before she knew it, the doors swung open and she was face to face with Anna, the receptionist. Always concerned for appearances, Rose quickly righted herself, straightened her jacket and squared her shoulders before moving quickly out the doors. 
Rose made it to her cubicle and collapsed into her chair. She rested her head in her hands until the shock wore off.  What just happened? If Rose was not mistaken, and she was never mistaken, she had just wished that man away. How was that even possible? How did I get such a power? The only thing that had been different in her usual routine was her breakfast. Her eyes narrowed, ‘It was that fruit I had for breakfast. That fruit from that blasted tree.’ Rose snorted angrily at herself, she had known better than to eat strange fruits with no name and yet she hadn’t listened to her own good sense.
Of course, it could have been temporary. Maybe she could only do that one thing in the elevator and Rose was very much back to normal now. After all, she certainly felt very much herself, but then again, she had felt very much herself upon entering the elevator too.  Glancing about, she assured herself that there was no one watching before picking up one of her pencils. Holding it in her fingers, she whispered, “I wish this pencil was in my handbag.” With a light soft pop the pencil vanished from her hand. She carefully opened her bag and peeked inside. There, where it should not be, on top of her sensible wallet, was the pencil. 
Rose had half known what was going to happen, yet the shock of the matter made her drop her bag on the floor and stifle a yell. The pencil rolled benignly away.  She sat back in her chair and breathed slow and hard. Once she had calmed down a bit, she forced herself to think reasonably about the situation. Rose had to admit that she had just performed magic. The thought both terrified and horrified her. Magic certainly was not a talent she had ever desired. Magicians were charlatans, tricksters and the dredges of society. The other option was that Rose was a….witch she whispered to herself. Somehow that fruit had made her a witch. Rose swooned with the thought. What would the neighbors think? What was she to do, go to her ‘Sew it on a Sunday’ meeting and make the quilt vanish into thin air? For shame!
There was only one logical thing to do.
Rose pulled the town directory out from her drawer, located the first number she could find and picked up the handset. She punched in the numbers and waited. Whilst the phone rang, she took the time to put the pencil right back in her cat coffee cup. She placed her handbag back into its proper spot and squared up her chair. By the time a voice answered on the other end, she felt very much back in control again.
“Anderson’s Tree Care,” a man’s voice replied. 
“Hello,” Rose said shortly, “I require a tree to be removed from my property as soon as possible.”
There was no response on the other end just a strange mushing noise.
“Hello?” Rose repeated.
“Yup,” the man finally replied. It was clear to Rose that the man had in fact been eating whilst speaking to her. Rose swallowed her immediate distaste for him. “Where do you live Ma’am?” he asked after finally clearing his jaws of food. 
“Number seventeen, Pickering Avenue,” she sniffed at him.  
“Excellent,” she could hear a smile in his voice, “I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”
“Well no,” Rose started, “I’m presently at work and won’t be available…” but it was for nothing, the man had hung up and Rose was speaking to an empty line. She sighed in frustration and shook her head quickly from side to side. Now what? Should she run home and meet this character to get him to pull out the tree, or should she call another place; one that made proper appointments and knew how to speak on the phone? She had to make her decision quickly for five minutes had already passed. If Rose were going to go, she had to go now. She hadn’t taken a day off since she had started working for the bank. Indeed, they had been encouraging her to take some of her many saved up vacation days. Rose stood, took her handbag and swiftly moved back down the hall to the reception desk. 
“Anna,” she said sharply. The secretary looked up startled by both the sound of Rose’s voice and the use of her name, for in all the time they had worked together, Rose had never spoken with her. “I am taking a personal day to attend to some matters, please inform Mr. Reynolds of my absence.” Without a look back, Rose went to step into the elevator but on impulse, changed course and headed down the stairs leaving Anna to stare after her in shock. 
On the way back to Pickering Avenue, Rose could not even fathom what she was going to do with an entire day off work. She allowed her mind to wander into ideas like, curling up with a book, doing the laundry a full day early and even completely silly things like napping or getting her nails painted. She even allowed a small laugh to escape her lips at this imprudent idea. On one hand, she thought it ridiculous that she should be thinking of any form of indulgence when then only thing that mattered was getting rid of that tree, but on the other, a small part of her (a part that was indeed getting marginally larger) felt that she deserved some indulgences in life. She also had a very strong and sudden desire to purchase a cat. 
Rose was so deep in contemplation that she didn’t see the crossing lights change. A loud, long honk ripped her from her reverie. She saw that the rude honking was coming from a small, bright red mini full of blond-haired and bejeweled teenage girls. 
“Come on, old lady!” one hollered out the window, “move your ugly ass!” 
Rose startled. Ugly? Old? Hardly. Those girls were almost the same age as Rose. No, Rose did not wear makeup or die her hair all the colors of the rainbow but she was slim and had lovely, healthy skin. She felt her cheeks redden and the girls laughed in response. They sounded just like a pack of hyenas. With that thought in mind, Rose shot the girls a particularly harsh look. Suddenly, their laughter turned to shrieks as their ears began to grow and spike, hair grew on their chins and their hands turned to claws. Within seconds, the teenagers were a mottled split between girls and hyenas. Rose stopped and the beginnings of delight graced her features. 
They howled in horror, covering their faces with their spotted claws. The driver maneuvered the car to escape and peeled away down the road. Rose allowed a grin to spread across her face and walked briskly walked away, giggling to herself. Who was ugly now?
She was still quite pleased with herself as she approached her home and saw a large, surprisingly clean white truck in her drive. The side said “ANDERSONS TREE CARE” in bold lettering.
Rose quickened her pace and walked through the open gate. The man must have let himself into the yard, a thought that infuriated Rose. She stalked along the cobblestone path, intending to give the man a piece of her mind. You certainly did not delve into people’s yards with them not at home, you most certainly didn’t show up in twelve minutes when you said you would be fifteen, and she might was well add in that eating while on the phone was repulsive.
She rounded the corner, intent and ready to deliver a stern yet sensible tongue-lashing but she stopped in her tracks. The man stood beside the Heart Tree, deep in thought. The morning light was particularity fine and it was hitting the Heart Tree just so. The leaves were ablaze with light, radiating from each and every stem and the trunk appeared illuminated with its own power. When the man turned to face her, Rose gasped. The only word that came to mind was ‘gorgeous.’ Yes, this man, who was presumably the gross food chomper, was by far the most dashingly handsome man that Rose had ever seen. 
His hair was cut close but was soft, with highlights that caught the sun like the Heart Tree, giving the impression that he was bathed in a shared golden glow.  His face was strong, with a nose that had clearly been broken on more than one occasion, but there was a twinkle in his pale green eyes that even from this distance made Rose’s heart skip about.  She let her eyes roam indulgently over his well-kept, lean body. With his plaid shirt, he reminded her of a lumberjack. He had one hand resting against the trunk of the tree and his head was dipped almost as if comforting it. What did this man see in the Heart Tree that I don’t? She felt an unexpected pang of jealousy.
“This is the tree you want cut down isn’t it?” he asked quietly, his voice had a small lilt to it that Rose hadn’t heard on the phone.  He turned and gave her a light smile. Rose saw a deep kindness behind it and her heart fluttered in response.
Not one to be charmed easily, Rose responded, “Why yes, yes it is!” The man nodded and looked back at the tree.  “It’s been nothing but a nuisance you see,” Rose continued quickly, “It’s not even my tree to be honest, I think it was delivered to me by accident. And it doesn’t match with any of my other plants. I don’t even know what it is.” The man still did not reply so Rose continued on, “I can’t have such a tree in my yard, you see. It doesn’t suit me,” she added lamely.
“Huh,” the man said lightly before stepping away from the tree and stalking toward her. Rose took two stumbling steps back but he walked right past her, leaving her senses reeling with the scents of pine, sawdust and soap. As he closed the gate, he called out, “Well, you won’t find anyone in this town to rip out that tree so I suggest you figure out a way for it to suit you better.” 
“Wait!” she called to his back, the desperation in her voice was tangible, “where are you going?”
Anderson stopped and gave her a half smile. Rose was shocked to feel her stomach do a quick flip. “I won’t cut down that tree. It’s too healthy, it’s too unique,” he looked at the tree and smiled warmly, “Frankly, it’s just too beautiful. I care for beautiful things even if they aren’t appreciated by those around them.” He gave her a pointed look and Rose was completely confused. “I assume your boyfriend refused to take it out too?”
Rose was offended, “I don’t need a man in my life to take care of matters,” she protested, “I am more than capable of taking care of my own business.”
“Is that why you called me?’ he challenged with a wink. Rose stood there opening and closing her mouth in silence. Anderson smiled, “It doesn’t feel right taking out that tree; it wants to stay there, it looks good there. You should keep it.”
“Are you telling me that you won’t remove the tree because it’s too pretty?” she asked.
Anderson gave this some thought and nodded. Rose continued, “Even though, removing trees IS your job?” she made no effort to hide her irritation.
He grinned. “To be honest, I’ve never refused to take out a tree before but this one just feels like it should stay. The tree likes you.” He paused, and looked her up and down. “I can see why.” He smirked.  “Are you free for dinner tonight?”
Rose was stunned. She had taken an entire day off work to race home to deal with this problem and this fool not only refused to cut down the tree, but then asked her out on a date. The nerve! Just as she was about to open her mouth and give the impudent man a piece of her mind, the tree began to shake. Despite the lack of any wind, the leaves created a deep rustling as they quivered and shook. The tree swayed with an elemental power.
To Rose, it reminded her of crashing ocean waves. She’d only been to the coast once, with some girls from school. It was clear by the time they had got there that the girls had only invited Rose to be their designated driver. That was fine; she wasn’t interested in the parties or the crazy nights anyway. But Rose had loved sitting on the rocks all day listening to the waves crash upon the rocks. She had found it both soothing and exhilarating at the same time.
“So, I’ll pick you up at seven.” Anderson cut into her thoughts, “look your prettiest.” He added with a wink and before Rose could protest he was out the gate and climbing easily into his van. 
Irritation replaced the lovely calm of her day-dream. Rose certainly had no intention of going out for dinner with that man. She would simply refuse to answer the door when he arrived, But what if the neighbors heard him banging on the door? It absolutely wouldn’t do to be responsible for a neighborhood ruckus. She gave the tree a stern look. It was as if it had rustled on purpose in order to distract her.  It stood mocking her, and she swore the darn thing was laughing at her. Pursing her lips, Rose headed into the 
house for the phone book. Anderson certainly wasn’t the only tree expert in town. 
	As she approached her door, she saw a pamphlet stuck in her mailbox. Rose sighed, despite her many signs and notices indicating no junk mail, people still insisted on leaving things. She was about to toss it away but the advertisement on it caught her 
eye.
TREE PROBLEMS?
Do you have a bothersome tree in your yard? 
Come visit the experts on rare and unique foliage.

Contact us at 34 Pennington Street

Rose had passed that particular address many times and didn’t recall ever seeing a greenhouse or tree store there. What did it matter? This was the solution to her problem, she would go see these people and they certainly would help her deal with this blasted tree. She grinned to herself as she imagined Anderson’s face when he came back that evening to see the tree gone. Rose doubted he would want to go for dinner then! As she walked past the tree, Rose pulled off a leaf and tucked it into her handbag. She repressed the instant desire to apologize; after all, she would need to show them something for identification. 
Rose walked purposefully to Pennington Street and slowed as she approached the number 34. The odd storefront was tucked in between the post office and the card shop. She pulled open the door to a light jangling from the bell. Rose winced; she hated things that made unexpected noise. The shop was packed with exotic plants of all colors and sizes. Rose was immediately inundated with heady scents and a stifling humidity. She breathed in deeply. She loved the smell of the flowers and the rich, damp soil; that was why she enjoyed gardening so much. More reason to get rid of that tree so she could go back to her garden she thought to herself.
Moving through the store felt like navigating a jungle, but finally (after an impossibly long walk for a store so small) Rose found herself at an old, rustic counter, which was completely empty. Rose half wondered how anyone paid for anything without a cash register. There was a narrow wood door behind the counter but nothing else. 
“Hello?” Rose called out politely. There was no response. She looked around her again and was surprised to see that there was a bell on the previously empty counter with a small sign that read: ‘Ring for Answers’ 
Rose sighed. All this tree nonsense was making her right confused. She rang the bell. An old crooked man shuffled out. His head was bald save for wild white tufts that stuck out around his huge ears. He wore a ratty cardigan and a pair of glasses perched on his enormous nose. He grinned a toothless grin at Rose and she could not help but smile back. She liked him immediately. His watery eyes were kind and vibrant. 
“How can I help you m ’dear?” he asked with a dry voice. 
“Well,” Rose began kindly, “I truly hope you can. I have been delivered a tree that really doesn’t suit me or my yard at all. I need it removed.” Whilst speaking, she pulled out the leaf and placed it on the counter. The man picked up the leaf and examined it carefully.  “It came with a card,” Rose scoffed, “that called it a “HEART TREE and to use it with caution.” 
“Hmm,” the man replied.
“Exactly,” Rose spurred on, “and it really matches nothing else in my yard and to be honest, it doesn’t really match me, so I would like you to tell me the best way to get rid of it.”
The man was silent for a long while. Rose waited, quietly listening to the old man’s slow raspy breaths.
“I have heard of such trees,” he said finally, “but I have not heard of one existing in many, many years. Tell me,” he croaked as he trained his eyes on her, “has it produced any fruit?”
“Not that I know of,” Rose quickly lied.
The shopkeeper stared at her carefully; Rose suspected that he knew she wasn’t telling the truth. She had no intention of changing her answer. 
“Well,” he said, “Heart Trees used to be planted by fairies for women of particular talents, namely, Witches.” Rose gasped. “Heart Trees were what Witches used for almost anything. Their trunks were sacrificed for the Witches’ brooms, their branches carefully selected and whittled to carve the perfect wand, their roots pulled cautiously to create potions for healing; their leaves and fruit harvested to steep powerful teas and create miracles.” Rose leaned forward, her elbows now resting on the counter and her hands holding her chin. She was completely enraptured. “Heart Trees,” he continued, “are the most sought after and beautiful of all trees. Their foliage is more stunning and hearty than anything humans have ever seen. There used to be forests of them, thousands of acres of those trees in every inch of the country. But alas,” he sighed, “they are no more.”
“Where did they go?” Rose whispered.
“With the Witches, my dear,” he whispered back. “Witches now must practice in hiding. They cannot roam the world as they once did, healing and giving back to the land. The times are such that the world does not believe that there can be a different way than that of technology. Witches have become a costume, a Hollywood character and a mere insult for an ugly evil person. However, the truth is, witches are enchantresses of change.”
“Change?” Rose cut in.
“Witches can only change what is,” he explained, “they cannot predict or decide the effects of change; they can only purport change. Since people no longer see the truth of what is, they cannot believe in a witch’s power. If you have a Heart Tree, I would take very good care of it and allow it to show you why it is there. Witches often said it was the Heart Trees that held the power, not them.”
“What if someone ate the fruit?” Rose asked. She didn’t even try to sound casual. “Would it make you a Witch?”
The man chuckled. “Witches are born my dear, not made. Witches come from a long bloodline of other witches. No, if you eat the fruit, you’d have the pleasure of the Heart Tree’s magic for just a short while.” 
“Oh,” Rose said, surprised by her disappointment. “So, what do I do with it?’ she pleaded.
The man chuckled again. It was a dry, scratching laugh, “You can’t do anything at all with it, m’ dear. Just be open to change and the tree will show you the way.” The laugh quickly turned to a cough.
“But…” Rose protested.
The man waved her away. “As you can see, I am a terribly old man and cannot be up and about for too long.” He coughed some more and began to shuffle towards the door. “Good bye, dearie. Enjoy your tree!”
Rose sighed. Well now what? In a half-trance, she wandered back out the store and down the street. She thought of a million more questions to ask the shopkeeper but she fought the urge to go back to the store. Somehow she knew that the store wouldn’t be there anymore, and she knew it had not been there before.
Rose felt special for the first time in her life. The Heart Tree had chosen her.  Rose had never been chosen for anything. She pictured the Heart Tree. It sure stuck out in her garden. It certainly made itself known. Maybe, just maybe, Rose should try that every once in a while. Maybe she should try sticking out. Why shouldn’t she be special? Why shouldn’t she be chosen? Why not her? Just as this thought passed through her mind, Rose neared a clothing store she had never gone in. It was full of high-end, bright and soft fabrics. Clothing that was certainly not made for blending in, or durability – qualities Rose usually looked for in an outfit. Before she changed her mind, she slipped into the store. 
*
Hours later, Rose sauntered out of the store, her arms laden with boxes and bags full of the most beautiful items of clothing she’d ever seen. As it turned out, Rose looked quite lovely in purple and her figure was positively made for a low neckline and soft flowing fabrics. She looked so lovely in all the clothes that the sales girl recommended that she had left her old dowdy suit and sensible shoes in the store to be donated. She now wore a stunning silk emerald green dress and matching high-heeled shoes. 	
As luck would have it, there was a hair salon next to the clothing store and the sales lady, sensing Rose’s big change, walked her in and introduced her to a man with blue hair, named Jason. She instructed him to find a hair-style that matched Rose’s new dress. When Rose insisted that she wasn’t sure that she could pull off a haircut different from her tight bun, Jason had winked at her, grabbed his scissors and whispered, “Then, my dear, you fake it till you make it.” He hadn’t cut her hair much but had layered it and introduced Rose to her own soft wave that she had been trying to tie away since childhood. The result was long flowing, slightly wavy tresses that cascaded down her back. 
As she moved down the street, Rose felt something changing in her body. She could feel her heart beating and could feel her breath moving in and out. She felt a harmony with herself that she had never felt before. Rose wasn’t exactly sure who or what she was, but she knew that this was who she should be. She smiled a secret quiet smile, lifted her chin and began to saunter down the street until she saw a trendy restaurant across the way. She realized that it had been hours since she had eaten and rather than heading home for a sensible egg sandwich, she headed for the restaurant.
 She found a table by the window of the bright and modern café and when the server came to take her order, instead of her regular cup of herbal tea, she spontaneously ordered a bottle of sparkling water and the house salad.  Whilst eating her salad, Rose thought on how she was having the very best day her life. Since being a child, she had been living in a constant state of worry. Fright had driven her every action. Today was her best day because she was trying new things and doing things that were enjoyable.  She made a resolution right there and then to stop doing things that she didn’t want to do simply because she felt she should do them, or because that is what she had always done. A rapping noise cut through her thoughts. 
Rose looked up to see Anderson standing on the other side of the glass. Rose’s heart skipped a beat and she immediately smiled and beckoned him in to join her. Anderson looked more than surprised as and he swaggered towards her through the café. He caught the eye of almost every female in the room with his rugged good looks and easy demeanor. Anderson approached the table cautiously and Rose had to smile. A lot had happened in the few hours since she had seen him last, and for some reason, she could not wait to share everything with him. 
“I have to apologize for how I treated you earlier,” Rose began but Anderson cut her off.
“No apologies necessary when a lady looks this beautiful at two in the afternoon.” Rose blushed. He sat down. “What has happened to you?” he asked incredulously.
“I have had a bit of a change,” Rose began and over the next hour she relayed everything she possibly could to Anderson. He didn’t laugh at her or question anything that she said, he sat and listened and found himself relishing in the light and gorgeous sound of her voice. Rose and Anderson would remember this hour as being the hour in which they fell in love. 
“Well,” Anderson stated finally, “what is the plan now?”
Rose thought for a moment and said without a hint of panic, “I am going to quit my job. I don’t want to work there.” She hesitated for a moment before stating, “I want to work in a greenhouse.”
“Outstanding,” Anderson nodded sharply, stood, and went to pay for their meal.  When he returned, he picked up all of Rose’s packages and offered her his arm.  The two walked out of the restaurant and down the street arm in arm towards the bank. Rose left Anderson in the lobby and rode the elevator back up to the third floor where she walked right passed a completely stunned Anna and directly to Mr. Reynolds’ office. She opened the door and walked right on in – she was terrified but the hairdresser, Jason’s, words came back to her, “fake it till you make it.” 
“Mr. Reynolds,” she said confidently. He looked up from his crossword and it clearly took him a moment to recognize her, “I have come to tell you that I won’t be coming back to work anymore. I apologize for the short notice but really,” she paused and chose her words carefully, “there is no time to waste here.”
Reynolds’s bloated face began to mottle with confusion and irritation, “Now look here,” he bumbled but Rose cut him off.
“No sir, you look here. This job is not what I’m supposed to be doing. It’s frankly not what anyone should be doing. It’s unbearable and it is unbearable because of you and your lazy ways, sir. Goodbye!” She turned on her new heels and walked to her cubicle to retrieve her beautiful orchids; she left the cat mug behind. She would buy herself a real cat. The entire floor had heard the exchange and now stood completely stunned in their cubicles, their heads popping up like a bunch of ground squirrels. Rose grinned and the doors of the elevator closed in front of her. 
Once safely out of sight, she squealed and jumped up and down with a delight she hadn’t felt since childhood. 
“That felt so GOOD!” she said to her reflection in the mirrored wall of the elevator. Rose walked out of the elevator, through the lobby and greeted Anderson as if he were already hers. She placed her precious orchids carefully on the floor, wrapped her arms around his neck and planted a kiss on his lips; one of the most passionate kisses that the customers of Brown’s Bank had ever seen. At the very same moment, every single piece of paper on the third floor exploded into the air, covering the cubicles, the offices and the people with pages and pages of unfiled loan applications.

*
Anderson knew of a greenhouse that was in need of some expert help and when they saw the quality of the rare and temperamental orchids Rose had grown in an office building, she was hired on the spot. Rose sighed contentedly as she and Anderson walked down Pickering Street towards her home. The sun was setting and the entire street was aglow in a light orange hue. She needed to get back to the Heart Tree and thank it. Somehow, all of this had been because of that tree. She smiled to herself that blasted tree she thought lovingly.
Suddenly, a screech of tires cut through her thoughts and Rose felt herself being thrown back. Anderson had pushed her behind him but was now suddenly gone. Rose landed on the concrete and hit her head on the sidewalk and found herself blinking up at the streaked orange sky. Where had Anderson gone? She tried to stand but her head swirled. There was screaming, yelling and panic all around her. Someone pulled her up. There were voices, faces, people asking questions. Was she ok? What happened? Did she need help? She shook her head and could think of only one word to reply to them, “Anderson.” She shoved her way through the crowd and screamed at the scene before her. 
A car had ploughed onto the sidewalk. From the angle, it was clear that Rose herself was the intended victim. However the accidental victim lay on the hood of the red mini, broken, bloodied and not moving a muscle. Anderson had pushed Rose out of the way. He had saved her life.
“Anderson!” Rose screamed as she ran to him. Her shoes had fallen off in her scramble and now her bare feet seared on the hot metal of the car as she crawled up on the hood and knelt beside his head. Gently she touched his soft brown curls. “Anderson?” she said gently, “can you hear me?” 
“Rose,” he muttered, barely able to move his mouth. Relief washed over her. He was alive – at least. 
“Rose, you’ll get your new dress dirty.” He half smiled and Rose had to smile too.
“Why?” she asked tenderly, “why did you have to do that?” The paramedics had arrived and were trying to pull her away to work on him.
“Because, somehow,” he said while taking a shuddering breath, “I have fallen in love with you and I can’t…” he coughed deeply and blood spattered onto the car, “I can’t imagine a world without you.” He coughed again and then fell silent. Rose screamed.
The paramedics managed to pull her off and handed her shaking body to a police officer. The police officer held her tightly and informed her that Anderson would be taken to St Paul’s Hospital right away. She nodded dumbly as they loaded Anderson into the back of the ambulance. The police officer started mumbling something into his radio, something about a zoo.
“Zoo?” Rose asked confused. She looked towards the red car and her stomach plunged at the recognition. 
“Strangest thing Ma’am,” the officer shrugged at her, “the car was full of hyenas. They must have escaped from the….hey!” Before he could finish, Rose had taken off, running towards home.  
‘USE WITH CAUTION’ – now Rose understood. Now she knew what the tree meant. She swallowed down her anger – it wasn’t really the tree’s fault, it was entirely her own. Rose had been duly warned. She had got Anderson into this mess and she now needed to get him out of danger... She thought about what the old man in the plant store had said, “Their roots pulled carefully to create potions for healing; their leaves and fruit harvested to steep powerful teas and create miracles.”
It was dark as Rose raced into the yard and fell to her knees at the base of the tree. She didn’t have time to get tools and she didn’t have time to be gentle. 
“I need help,” she pleaded with the tree as she clawed at the dirt with her bare hands. Mud and grass flew about her but she paid no mind. Finally, her hand closed in upon a root but when she tried to pull, it was unyielding.
“Please!” Rose looked up at the strong trunk and begged, “He’s dying! And it’s my fault!” Suddenly, the root wrapped around her hand and Rose easily pulled it out of the mud. She stood and blindly reached into the tree and a fruit found its way into her hand.  She cried with gratitude. “Thank you,” she whispered through her tears. A branch came down and gently pushed her towards the house. Her hands full, covered in mud, Rose half sprinted and half stumbled through her back door.
“I need light!” she yelled at the dark kitchen. A row of bright candles appeared on her table. “I need a recipe!” A large, old, leather bound book appeared beside the candles. She was moving on instinct now, not questioning, not asking, just doing what she had known was in her blood all along. She knew now that nothing today had been an accident. It was all planned, all supposed to be. She haphazardly wiped her hands on her hips, further marring the green silk. Nothing could matter less.
She opened the book; it smelled of wax, flowers, grass and ashes. The smell evoked a level of comfort to Rose. She chose a page and it was the right page. The writing was old and scratchy but to Rose it was as clear as day. Scanning the ingredients, she realized she had them all and yet should not have. She knew now why she grew some of the plants she did and had been so very particular about them. On some level, she had known this moment would come. She moved swiftly, as assuredly as she had yesterday when she had made her breakfast. Her body knew these movements even if her mind did not; the pot, the stove, the heat, the water, the leaves, the fruit, cut just so, the roots had to be sliced the correct way.  Twice, no, three times she had to race out to the garden to harvest an herb, a leaf or a root from another plant. 
The kitchen filled with heat from the pot. Steam filled the windows. She tied back her hair and kept working with her dirt covered hands and smears of soot on her cheeks. She toiled and worked well into the night; stirring, and adding and mumbling Anderson’s name, for somehow she understood that intention was the largest part of it all. Through it all, Rose felt everything inside of her shift. This, right now, was who she was meant to be.  Finally, when the sun started to rise above the horizon and light the top leaves of the Heart Tree, the potion was ready. She grabbed a thermos from the cupboard and filled it to the brim, careful not to spill one precious drop and raced out the door. She stopped only for a moment, at the Heart Tree. 
Laying her hand on its rough trunk, she whispered, “Thank you,”
And she ran.
*
Rose stood at the front door of the hospital and listened. Again, using a skill she had not known she possessed, she closed her eyes and listened for the hearts inside the building. There were thousands of them, all racing against each other but Rose was searching for one in particular. The one she now shared. The beat of his heart was frail. He was fading but she now knew where he was. The staff on the front door were caught off-guard by the filthy, barefooted wild-woman sprinting past them but they still had enough time to warn security on the second floor where the ICU was. Two kindly faced security guards greeted her at the door of the ward. She stopped running and looked at them with interest.
“Now Ma’am,” the youngest said softly but he didn’t get the chance to speak again for Rose had simply pointed at him and froze him in place; mouth open, eyes glassy. The other security guard stared agape at his partner before looking back at a smiling Rose. Then he ran away. 
Rose continued down the hall. 
Beat. Beat. Beat. 
Tick tock. Tick tock. Tick tock.
Rose continued into Anderson’s room, completely ignoring the protestations of the nurses behind her. She locked the door behind her, leaving the nurses to stand and stare angrily through the window. Somehow, not one of them could find their keys. 
Anderson looked so pale and so weak that for a moment Rose faltered. What was I thinking? That I’ve made a magic potion that will save him from certain death? Had she gone insane or was it possible, just possible that this is who she was now, who she had always been. She looked down at the thermos in her hand and knew instinctively what the right thing was to do. 
Anderson’s eyes fluttered lightly when she touched his forehead and called his name but he seemed unable to open them completely. Something inside him was broken, despite the surgery that they’d performed; Rose knew that his body would not last long. Rose opened the thermos and poured a large dose of the potion into the cup beside the bed. Propping Anderson up, she motioned to the cup.  Of its own will, it lifted off the table and sailed through the air to Anderson’s lips. It tipped lightly and poured itself into his slack mouth. 
Anderson swallowed.
Rose closed her eyes and prayed silently to the Heart Tree.
The Heart Tree began to shake.
The moon shone brighter.
Rose muttered his name.
On the other side of the glass, one of the nurses whispered one powerful word, “witchcraft.”
Anderson opened his eyes.
“Well, now, aren’t you a sight for sore eyes,” he drawled and Rose began to weep.
*
Anderson was forced to stay in the hospital, despite his protestations that he felt quite well. The nurses kept their distance from Rose. One even crossed herself when Rose walked past. After several hours sitting beside Anderson’s bedside, he insisted she go home and rest. 
Rose walked back down Pickering Street, barefoot, filthy and grinning. Several neighbors stopped to stare but said nothing and Rose barely noticed them. Everything in her entire existence had changed in the last twenty-four hours and for the first time in her life, it was morning and she was looking forward to the day. She smiled to herself. 
Feeling impulsive she left the road and entered the little play park with the intention of swinging on the swings; something she hadn’t done in many years.  She never made it to the swings. Sitting on a park bench was the old man from the plant-shop, looking like he had been there all day. 
Rose sat down beside him and straightened out her ripped and dirty skirt.
The old man chuckled. “Quite a day M ’dear,” he mused softly.
“Hmmm,” Rose smiled at him. “Did you know?”
“What,” he grinned, “that you are a Witch?” he replied. Rose decided she didn’t need to answer that. “Of course I knew,” he said. “Who do you think sent you the tree?”
“Is it my tree?”
“It is now,” he answered gruffly. “It belonged to an ancestor of yours and I have been holding it for generations waiting for the right moment.”
“Why me?” Rose asked.
“Why not?” he replied. They sat in silence for a while watching the sun rise.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
“Not at all,” he said and patted her hand. “You did all the work.” Rose laughed. “Well,” the old man said as he creaked himself up to standing, “I best be going. Take care of the Heart Tree and it will take care of you.”
She nodded.
“Oh and one more thing,” he pointed and a skinny black cat skulked out the shadows and began to twist itself around her legs. “His name is Sauda, and he comes with the tree.”
The cat pounced on Rose’s lap and curled up into a purring ball. She rested her hand lightly on his back.
“Why didn’t you give him to me before?” Rose asked. 
The old man eyed her, “Do you honestly think you could have handled it?”
Rose burst out laughing, “No,” she replied, “not, at all.” She was still laughing as she stood and began to walk in the direction of home. Sauda followed close at her heels. The old man had already vanished.
Rose picked up her pace. She had to get home and water her tree.

The End



ABOUT THE AUTHOR: LAURIE LYONS

Laurie Lyons lives in Calgary Alberta, Canada with her husband Trevor and their two children. She loves writing, reading and spending time with her friends. She has a love of plants and is never happier than when she is in her greenhouse, tending plants and thinking up new stories. Her first novel, 'Feather', published by Ring of Fire Publishing, is available on Amazon.


















MORE ABOUT OUR AUTHORS’ BOOKS
All books are available in e-book and paperback at Amazon.com and other book retailers. 

Andrea Jane author of ‘Glamour’

Boroughs of The Dead. BUY A COPY

Imbued with the chilling undertone that inhabits all of New York’s five boroughs, BOROUGHS OF THE DEAD is an entertaining, varied and infectious take on things that go bump in the New York City nights. A collection of ten stories that range from the waning days of the 18th Century to the present time, this macabre collection mixes in a bit of historical fact, a hearty measure of local color and plenty of honest-to-goodness creepiness. Partly inspired by true events and partly figments of the author’s evil imagination, these terrifying fictions take their inspiration from Gotham’s darkest histories.


Linda Foster author of ‘Condemned’

Soul Bound BUY A COPY

Soul Bound is due for release in May 2013 and is published by Glass House Press. It is available for pre-order in paperback or e-book at Amazon and Barnes & Noble. 

Ash was just another high school student, intent on living life to the fullest, winning his next lacrosse game and making it to this weekend's party in time. 

Until he is forced to sell his soul to a demon to save his sister's life, and finds himself falling in love with one of the original fallen angels. Talk about everything falling apart in the blink of an eye. Now he's part of that fallen angel's desperate fight for freedom, and an irreplaceable cog in an angel revolution that could lead to salvation ... or the end of the world. 

Join Ash as he races through new worlds and a terrifying cast of characters in pursuit of freedom, his soul and the most important thing he's ever lost - true love. 

Katie M. John author of ‘Song of The Moth’

Beautiful Freaks. BUY A COPY

The year is 1899 and both the century and the Queen are dying. 

As the London populace is gripped by a terrifying series of paranormal murders, eighteen-year-old Kaspian Blackthorne finds himself on a decadent journey of self-discovery. 

Victorian London is a place where appearance is everything, but sometimes appearances can be deceiving. Behind the grand houses, carriages and silks, London is a dark labyrinth of sorrow and violence.
Amongst the gambling dens, dancehalls, and brothels you'll find No 7, known to its members as Eve's; the most exclusive club in London, infamous for its 'Palace of Beautiful Freaks'.
Each exhibit has a history, each their own unique story.


The Knight Trilogy Books 1-3 BUY BUNDLE
"A Powerful & Modern Reworking of the Arthurian Legends"

"Falling in love is exhausting, especially when it's against your will."

At seventeen, Mina Singer is quite certain that no knight in shining armor is going to charge into her life and sweep her off her feet. She's far too sensible for that silly, romantic notion. That is until the handsome and mysterious Blake Beldevier arrives at college and she finds herself unwillingly dragged into a world she believed only existed between the pages of a fairy tale. 

Only fairy tales are not for children and there's no guarantee of a happy ever after; especially when Morgan Le Fay swears to destroy everything you hold most dear.

Set amongst the beautiful wilds of the Cornish coast, The Knight Trilogy is a very modern British YA saga.

A 'Kindle Book Review' Choice of 2011
An International Amazon 'Contemporary Fantasy' Bestseller
A U.K Amazon No 1. Best Selling Fairytale.


Laurie Lyons author of ‘The Heart Tree’

Feather  BUY A COPY

Lucy is a bright eyed, fiery redhead with a quick wit and a photographic memory. On the night of the spring equinox, Lucy meets Nathaniel, a dark and mysterious man who at first appears to have amnesia. Lucy feels inexplicably drawn to Nathaniel and is amazed to discover that he is invisible to everyone but herself. Fearing she is going insane--or worse, losing her photographic memory--Lucy goes on a hunt for answers. What she learns turns her world upside down. FEATHER is a tale of love, the power of memories, and the struggle between right and wrong. How far would you go to save your true love’s soul?


























Join us at our blog http://www.darkheartandnightshade.blogspot.co.uk


VOLUME TWO OU
AUTUMN 2013

For Free subscription to our newsletter please e-mail
littlebirdpublishinghouse@yahoo.com





























DARK HEART’S BIGGER, BADDER SISTER IS OUT


JULY 2013

Age 16+


