The Arch of Avooblis

By

Charles Streams
Copyright 2014 © Charles Streams

All rights reserved by the author. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

The Arch of Avooblis is book 1 in The Adventurers’ Academy Series.

To Sam,
young rogue

Table of Contents

Chapter 1	Dagdron
Chapter 2	Earl Valorington
Chapter 3	Escape
Chapter 4	The Adventurers’ Academy
Chapter 5	Bodaburg
Chapter 6	Scar
Chapter 7	Wench
Chapter 8	Slitting Throats
Chapter 9	The Winter Carnival
Chapter 10	Grizzard
Chapter 11	The Unidentifiable Quest
Chapter 12	The Arch of Avooblis
Chapter 13	Snowed-in Suspicion
Chapter 14	Dirty Rich
Chapter 15	Dishonorable Hero
Chapter 16	Concealment
Chapter 17	The Reflection Potion
Chapter 18	Mercer’s House
Chapter 19	Rance, Kas, & Wally
Chapter 20	Alley & Arch
Chapter 21	Duplicity

Chapter 1: Dagdron

Dagdron opened his eyes as he heard the sizzle from the pan. The fire in the cave cast his father’s shadow against the wall. He quietly sniffed. Catching the scent of sausages, he gave a quick twitch of his head to look, wondering why his father had risked stealing such luxurious meat.
“Your schooling starts in a week. We’ll have to leave after breakfast to get there in time,” his father said.
“What?” Dagdron said, quickly sitting up on the stone ground. He grabbed his cloak off the floor where it had served as his pillow and put it on as he glared at his father. “The village is just down the cliff.”
“You’re not going to school in Cliffmount,” his father said.
Dagdron pulled his dagger out of his cloak and moved to the fire. There was a four-foot tall natural rock shelf on the right side of the cave. Dagdron’s father had chiseled out a fire pit in the top. A charred frying pan rested on the small fire, cooking their breakfast. Dagdron pierced one of the sausages and started eating it off his dagger.
“Then where am I going to school?” Dagdron asked angrily.
“I’ve arranged for your enrollment at another school,” his father answered.
“What other school? We’ve never left Cliffmount”
“I arranged for your admission when you were a very young child.”
“Why didn’t you tell me last week?”
“Because your emotions were out of control.”
“My emotions weren’t out of control. Your logic was. And it still is.”
Dagdron kept looking at his father until their dark eyes met. Father and son kept their faces blank. Dagdron hardened his expression when his dad looked away first, using the excuse of stabbing another sausage.
Dagdron scowled. His father never showed emotion, and he had taught his son to never show it, either. This way of life had led to a very silent cave over Dagdron’s fourteen years of life, which had made their argument a week ago even more out of place. Daggers had been drawn and voices had been raised; Dagdron didn’t want to go to school. He wanted to stay in Cliffmount, but his father refused to hear it. During the quarrel he had repeatedly stated that he would not allow his son to be trapped in the limited life they led, and that he would go to school, where he would learn the necessary skills to live a more prosperous life in their profession.
“I told you that I’m already old enough to make a living here.”
“Cliffmount is not big enough for both of us. I can barely keep our food stores up as it is. And with two of us around, the odds of getting caught are much greater.”
“I’ve earned money in the village over the years. There was always plenty of room for both of us.”
“Those were teaching moments, not testing to see if Cliffmount can handle both of us. I wanted you to learn the necessary skills from a young age so you can be resourceful anywhere you choose to go.”
Dagdron speared another sausage onto his dagger and walked away from the fire, stopping in the shadows. When he finished eating, he adjusted his worn pants, and pulled the hood attached to his cloak over his head, hiding his face, black hair, and dark eyes in its depths. He stashed his dagger back in his cloak.
His father finished the remaining the sausages, and then put on his cloak and a small pack before walking to where his son stood. Dagdron watched as his father placed a hand on the wall. His hand glowed blue, and the outline of a door appeared. His father pushed the door open and walked outside, waiting in silence as the boy stopped in the doorway and turned to look back in the cave. There was nothing special about it. They didn’t keep any valuable possessions. But it had been his only home, so, though he kept his face expressionless, he felt the twinge of separation inside.
When Dagdron walked outside, his father closed the door, and then placed his hand on it. There was another blue glow, and the outline of the door was concealed again. The father took the lead, and the son followed, always maintaining his pace exactly one step behind.

Over the following couple of days, Dagdron and his father made their way through the cliffs where their home cave was. Dagdron had never ventured this far from Cliffmount, but he still didn’t look around much as he stewed inside himself, keeping his focus on the back of his dad’s shoes.
Each night of the journey, his father chose a place to sleep. Dagdron sat down while his father snuck off to find their dinner. They ate apples, corn, and other fruits and vegetables they found from trees or farmers’ crops along the way. Neither of them minded sleeping on the ground, having slept in the hard cave for years.
At the end of the rocky cliffs, the downward slope took them under the cover of a dark forest. A narrow pathway ran between the pine trees, passing the occasional farmhouse. At midday, Dagdron waited while his father crept into a farm to steal corn and apples, unsure whether they would be able to find food deeper in the forest.
On the fifth night of the trek, Dagdron’s dad paused when they came to the edge of the forest. Dagdron moved to his father’s side, observing the hilly, flower-covered meadows extending in the distance. After a few minutes, Dagdron’s father led him back into the forest, stopping in a small clearing. Dagdron was about to sit down like he usually did but, seeing his dad look around more than normal, he hesitated.
“Are we camping here or not?”
“Yes,” his dad said. “We’ll start on the meadows in the morning.”
Dagdron sat on the ground, leaning his back against one of the pine trees. They ate the remaining apples and corn. By the time they finished, the forest was pitch-black so they went to sleep.
Up until that night, Dagdron had been sleeping soundly through the night. But, when he heard cracking branches, he woke up in the middle of the night to the sight of orange and yellow lights shooting across the clearing.
His father was casting flame spells, sending orange balls of fire at a tall figure clad in a dark purple robe on the other side of the clearing. In response, the man was launching lightning spells, yellow balls with jagged currents crackling off them.
“Dagdron, get up,” his father said.
Dagdron groggily got to his feet, then his father, dodging to the side, threw a violet object, which exploded in a glaring purple light, blinding everything in the clearing. Dagdron was suddenly wide awake but only seeing bright purple stars in front of his eyes. He felt his father grab his arm, and then they were running through the forest. 
 Dagdron’s vision was returning when they came to the edge of the woods.
“Keep running,” his father said.
Dagdron released his arm from his father’s grasp, but matched his speed. The father and son nimbly ran in the dark, remaining sure-footed in the dense grass of the hills and dips of the meadows. 
After running for what seemed like hours, Dagdron couldn’t keep up with his father’s pace, so they slowed to a walk.
“Who attacked us?” Dagdron asked.
“Some bandit in the forest.” Dagdron’s dad scanned the area as he spoke. It was still dark but, when his eyes fell on two hills to the left, he led Dagdron in that direction.
“That was an enchanter not a bandit.”
“We’re not in Cliffmount anymore. There are all sorts of dangers around the land.”
“We never got attacked by a crazed enchanter in Cliffmount. Let’s go back.”
“I’m not having that discussion again.”
Dagdron’s dad took the path between the two hills, where there was a grassy space just big enough for the two of them.
“We can sleep a few more hours here,” Dagdron’s father said. “We should be able to make it across the rest of the meadows tomorrow.”
Dagdron scowled but lay down and fell asleep quickly. Seeing his son asleep, Dagdron’s dad lifted his hands in the air, mumbled under his breath, and they were encircled momentarily by a pale blue bubble. Dagdron’s dad, exhausted from the run and spell, slumped to the ground asleep.

The following morning, the father and son moved at a brisk pace up and down the hills through the colorful flowers. Although his father tried to do it furtively, Dagdron noticed each and every time he glanced to the side or behind. Dagdron knew his dad was watching out for the enchanter who had attacked them, but they didn’t see any other person that day.
As the sixth day of their journey was ending, they walked across the last of the meadows and entered a wooded area leading to the base of a single-peaked mountain. The top had a slight snow covering, and a narrow trail rose up the side in switchbacks.
“The school’s in the valley on the other side, in between the two mountains. We’ll camp here tonight and head over in the morning,” Dagdron’s father said.
The boy didn’t respond. He followed his father to a patch of bushes not far from the trail and lay down. His father left and was gone longer than normal. The boy didn’t worry. They always followed the three-day code. If his father was away for three days, Dagdron was supposed to go look for him. There was only one occasion Dagdron remembered when his father hadn’t come home for two days. The evening of the third, the boy was getting ready to head out when his father came home. He had only been jailed in a neighboring village, not in any serious trouble.
Dagdron was drifting off to sleep when his father came back. He was carrying a load of wood with a small package resting on top. His father tossed the wood to the ground, grabbing the package in his hand as he did so. Then he held his hand up and an orange ball shot out at the fire pit, bursting the wood into flames.
“Is this place safe?” the boy asked. “Or are we going to be attacked again?”
“Rather safe,” the father replied, ignoring the second question. “I got some meat from a farmhouse.”
Dagdron didn’t reply. His father cooked the chunk of beef on a rock in the middle of the fire. They used their knives to lift it to their mouths. After dinner, they didn’t speak another word before they slept.
Dagdron’s father woke him up early the next morning, having already picked a bundle of berries for breakfast. They bolted down the berries, and then started up the trail. When they reached the highest point of the pathway, Dagdron looked down. Far below, the town looked quiet and peaceful. Closer, in the forested valley directly below, the spires and four towers of the school poked out above the trees. There was already a horde of people in front of the gate. The father and son adjusted their hoods simultaneously, assuring their faces were well hidden before starting down the trail.
When they came to the bottom of the mountain, the trail forked, curving upward toward the school and down to the town. The father fell back a step, walking in stride at the side of his son. He placed his hand on Dagdron’s shoulder. The boy felt the strength of the dexterous hand. He knew this was his father’s way of expressing his desire for well-being, as well as telling him that he would miss him. The boy knew no words of parting would be spoken.
The forest cleared slightly in front of the academy. The exterior of the building was constructed of dark brown square stones that matched the color of the trunks of the surrounding pine trees. A tall black fence surrounded the academy. When they reached the gate, the father steered his son to the side without entering. Even though he knew his dad wouldn’t approve, Dagdron stepped in front of him. His father was a couple of inches taller than him and did his best to keep his line of vision above Dagdron’s, but the boy kept looking at him directly in the face. He could see the dim shine of his father’s eyes hidden in the dark hood. His father gave his shoulder a firm squeeze, and then pulled two leather pouches from the interior of his cloak – one tied with a complex knot, the other simply cinched closed. 
“Give this one to the headmaster,” his father said, placing the secure pouch in Dagdron’s outstretched hand. “This one is for your personal use.”
Dagdron stashed both in his cloak.
“Don’t make me stay here,” Dagdron said quietly. “I don’t want to go to school at all.”
“Now is not the time to let your emotions get out of control again, Dagdron,” his father said. “I can’t offer you the life you deserve.”
“The life I deserve is the life I choose. I want to stay in our cave.”
“I found a way to get you into this academy when you turned fourteen. Training at this school will let you do exactly that. You will be able to choose how you live.”
“I won’t stay here. You can teach me more tricks of the trade in Cliffmount.”
“Even if I was considering that, I already told you the village isn’t big enough for both of us.”
“Then why have we lived there my entire life?”
“Because I wanted to raise you in a peaceful place. But now, you are staying here.”
Dagdron made sure his hood was still secure on his head before folding his arms. He willed himself to lessen the emotion he was feeling. He much preferred to feel nothing than the anger and annoyance that were flooding his chest.
His father placed his hand firmly on Dagdron’s shoulder again and gave it a squeeze before turning around and heading back down the trail. Dagdron watched his father go, but he quickly disappeared behind a tree, so the boy walked through the gate.
The small courtyard in front of the entrance of the school was filled with people. There were a few others like him, wearing dark cloaks with hoods, but the majority were young men wearing armor and carrying swords, or young men and women wearing different colored robes. He felt a momentary twinge in his stomach as he saw the other teenagers bidding farewell to their families, so he hurried forward where a line had formed at the main entrance. A woman with shaped brown hair, who was wearing a flowing yellow robe and a fit, muscular man with brown hair wearing warrior attire were standing to the sides of the door.
As Dagdron waited, he pulled the pouches out. He immediately tried to untie the one his father had told him to give to the headmaster, but as he assumed, the knots had been magically tied and wouldn’t budge. He loosened the other pouch and saw a bunch of gold coins. He stashed the pouches away again, and then turned around. He looked out of the gate before lifting his gaze upward. He caught a momentarily glimpse of a dark-cloaked man near the top of a tree, but then he disappeared from sight. Dagdron smiled in spite of himself. He knew his father had kept the school a secret to avoid long-term conflict, and Dagdron still felt annoyed, but he knew his father was waiting in the trees until his son was safely inside the school. Whose emotions were out of control now? he thought.
Dagdron gave one last look up at the trees, but then turned back as the warrior man called to him.
“I take it you’re a rogue?” the man said.
Dagdron nodded his head.
“Great, another silent, untalkative thief,” the man said out loud to himself. “Go inside, but wait near the entrance until Headmaster Gwauldron calls you forward.”
Dagdron walked through the door without even a nod. Sunlight was shining through the long, narrow windows of the entrance hall. Red, blue, and yellow tapestries decorated the walls, and lanterns hung in between them for use at night. In the middle of the entrance hall were three stone statues. The right one was a tall enchanter with his arms lifted in the act of casting a spell. On the left, a warrior a couple of inches shorter with muscled arms was holding a sword in one hand. In the middle, standing slightly behind the other two, was a cloaked rogue, hunched in a sneaking position. At the far end of the chamber, a tall man in a dark blue robe was standing at a stone table. A few other students were standing just inside the entrance, but Dagdron gave them no attention, only glancing over each time the headmaster called one of them forward.
When at last it was his turn, Dagdron stepped silently, passing the three statues, until he reached the table. The headmaster gave him a quick glance. The tall man had white hair, blue eyes, extremely bushy white eyebrows, and a short goatee that was so spiked that it looked like it could cut you.
“I am Headmaster Gwydion Gwauldron. Take your hood off and state your name,” the man said before looking back down at the table to make a note with the feather-quill pen in his hand.
“Dagdron,” the boy said, not taking off his hood. He ran his eyes across the table. Papers littered the entire table, but near the edge of the table where the headmaster stood, Dagdron caught sight of a golden ring with a red gemstone.
“Last name?” the headmaster asked.
Dagdron hesitated momentarily, but then decided if his father had sent him here, it must be all right. 
“Obor,” Dagdron said.
The headmaster instantly dropped his feather-quill pen, lifted both his hands, and gave a loud clap. A rushing wind appeared out of his hands, formed into a whirlwind, and blew vehemently across the entrance hall, forcing the students who were waiting back outside, and slamming the heavy front doors shut. Headmaster Gwauldron then held his right hand out. A ring of sparkling blue and pink light shot out, hitting Dagdron’s throat and pulling him forward, his neck landing straight in the clutch of the enchanter’s hand.
“Take off your hood!” the headmaster said.
Dagdron was struggling to breathe, so he quickly pulled off his cowl.
“Give it to me!” the headmaster said as soon as he saw the boy’s face.
Dagdron momentarily thought of giving the pouch of gold coins to the headmaster, but as he was struggling to breathe, he pulled out the magically tied one and placed it in the left hand of the headmaster. The pouch began to untie itself. When all the knots were undone, the pouch opened slightly. Dagdron tried to look in, but couldn’t see from where he was restrained. The headmaster must have been satisfied, because he released Dagdron as the pouch tied itself again.
“Were you attacked?” the headmaster asked.
“No,” Dagdron said.
“Were you attacked?” the enchanter repeated more forcefully this time, narrowing his eyes at Dagdron.
“Yes.”
Headmaster Gwauldron studied Dagdron’s face. “I despise your father,” he said after a minute. “However, he has held up his end of our unfortunate agreement, and so I must uphold mine. You will train and receive the three years of schooling offered at the Adventurers’ Academy. I will be keeping an eye on you, though. I will not have Dugan Obor say I have not provided what he demanded.”
Dagdron had no idea what the headmaster was talking about, so he just stood there.
“The doorway behind me will take you to the meeting hall. The new students will meet there with all the older adventurers.”
Dagdron walked by the table, putting his hood back on as he went.
“Dagdron,” the headmaster said after the boy was a few feet away. “Just so you know, that ring you stole off my table belongs to your father. He wants it back, so I was required to give it to you when you arrived. If I ever catch you stealing something that’s mine, you will be sorry you ever set foot in this academy.”
Dagdron didn’t glance back or reply. He headed toward the doorway, clutching the gold ring in his hand.

Chapter 2: Earl Valorington

Dagdron entered a wide chamber with six long stone tables and a flock of students scattered across the room. At the head of the room were five steps leading up to a platform. Red, yellow, and blue banners and tapestries decorated the walls here as well. As outside, most of the students were either wearing flowing colored robes or armor with hilted swords. At the back of the room, there was a small group of other students wearing dark cloaks with hoods. Dagdron went over and stood a short distance away from the other rogues.
Dagdron observed the other students for a while, noticing how cocky the guys with swords were acting, and even many of the robe wearers appeared to be strutting around with a privileged air about them. As soon as he saw this, he quickly started scoping out all the exits of the chamber. His head was whirling with questions about how his father had arranged for his entrance to this particular school, and what had been in the pouch he had given to the headmaster. But seeing the attitude of the other students, he knew he would never have any desire to stay.
A boy suddenly came stumbling through the crowd and jostled Dagdron. He had blond hair, blue eyes, and was about half a foot taller than Dagdron. He was wearing a brown leather jerkin and had a sword and sheath attached to his belt.
“Oh, sorry,” the boy said, grabbing onto Dagdron to steady himself. “I’m still breaking in my new boots. Did you see Warrior Sawkett and Enchantress Higgins at the front doors? He’s the third-year warrior teacher; I already can’t wait to learn better fighting skills from him.”
Dagdron glanced down at the bulky, thick-soled boots the boy was wearing. He didn’t see how anyone could walk in such uncomfortable shoes.
“I know rogues don’t talk much, so I’ll do the talking for both of us,” the boy said. “I know you won’t be telling me your name, but I’m Earl Valorington.” He held out his hand, but when Dagdron didn’t raise his, he just shrugged his shoulders and kept talking. “I’m from the kingdom of Lordavia, and I’m the first person in my family to come to the Adventurers’ Academy. My father worked his way up from the stables to the royal guard and finally became an earl. It was nice being able to have some of the noble luxuries, and obviously that gave my family enough money to send me to school here, but I’m not going back home like my parents want me to. Can you imagine that? I’d be called Earl the earl. That sounds so ridiculous. They call my dad Count Valorington, just so they don’t confuse us. I want to be a heroic adventurer. That’s why I came here. I’m so lucky. Most of the students that get accepted from Lordavia are enchanters and enchantresses, but Headmaster Gwauldron invited me even though I’m a warrior.”
Dagdron had no idea what the boy was talking about, so he kept his head covered with his hood so the boy couldn’t catch any glimpse of his face.
“I’ve heard that when past adventurers come back to the school for new quests, they speak to the students sometimes. I want to hear about the real-world quests they’ve fulfilled.”
Earl kept talking about different heroes that the Adventurers’ Academy had produced, but Dagdron hadn’t heard of any of them, so he shifted his eyes under his cloak to look at the other students. A tall girl with long, flowing brown hair had just come into the chamber. She was wearing a sky blue robe and many of the other girls were looking at her enviously.
“Are you even listening to me?” Earl asked. He glanced across the room where he thought Dagdron was looking, and saw the girl in the blue robe. “Oh, you’re giving Princess Elloriana the evil eye under that hood. I totally understand. She’s the princess of Lordavia. She and all the Loftloomburgs are only concerned with maintaining their royal name. All her older siblings came to the Adventurers’ Academy, but none of them go on any quests. They just went back home to rule from their thrones. I mean, I’ve heard of a couple of rulers from other villages and towns that have been great adventurers, but in general, wherever royalty is concerned, they’re just interested in making a name for themselves, not becoming adventurers. This academy is the most prestigious, there’s no disputing that; and the headmaster always chooses one of the royal students to give the speech during graduation. That just doesn’t seem fair to me. It should be the student who best represents what the Adventurers’ Academy really stands for. But I guess I shouldn’t be too hard on them. Royals have a big responsibility caring for the citizens of their towns and maintaining the peace throughout the land.”
Dagdron started scooting away from Earl little by little, but Earl kept moving with him, not realizing that the rogue was trying to distance himself. Dagdron was about to walk back across the chamber and just leave, but then the headmaster walked in and closed the door behind him. A tall, dark-brown-haired warrior boy with broad shoulders was walking at his side. The headmaster talked to him momentarily before pointing the boy to the middle of the room. Then, all the students turned to watch as the headmaster walked to the platform and spoke loudly so everyone could hear.
“New students sit at the two tables in the middle. Boys at the left table, girls at the right. Do not intermix under any circumstances at any time!” the headmaster said. “We call this the meeting hall, but I’m sure the first years will be as excited as the other students to know that this is also the eating hall.”
Earl chuckled as he started pushing Dagdron toward the table to their left.
“I wouldn’t mind sitting with some of those lady warriors, but it’s not allowed,” Earl said, pointing to where a handful of muscly girls were taking their seats. He kept stumbling every few steps, using Dagdron as his crutch.
Dagdron quickly sat down on the bench near the end of the table where other rogues were sitting. Earl scrunched in next to him, ignoring the death stares the other rogues gave him from under their hoods. Dagdron watched as all the girls moved to the tables on the right side of the room, and the boys filled up the three tables on the left. On the girls’ side, he quickly observed that there were no black cloaks since there were no lady rogues, and there were very few lady warriors. The vast majority were enchantresses.
“What do you think of Headmaster Gwauldron?” Earl asked Dagdron. “I personally think he’s a little intimidating, but he’s one of the most powerful enchanters ever known.”
“At the Adventurers’ Academy we are interested in action, not talking, so we will make this brief. Third years,” the headmaster continued, pointing his hands to the two outside tables. “At the end of this year you will be heading out in search of your own glory and wealth. As you should all be aware by now, we are not in the habit of making easy targets at this academy. Thus being the case, if you are not up to par, your instructors will be obligated to subject you to some of the real-life pains or struggles you might someday face during a quest. That should help tighten up your skills. You all must be focused on fine-tuning your power, strength, and talents all year.
“Second years,” the headmaster said to the two middle tables. “Your middle year should be filled with leaps and bounds of progress. If you are not capable of learning all the necessary parts of your respective trades, then this could very well be your last year at the academy. Sometimes life just comes down to whether you have what it takes or you don’t. While we want all of you to succeed, each of you must put in the effort to increase your talents or you will be a lost cause as an adventurer.”
The headmaster took a deep breath and scanned down the two inner tables.
“I’m happy to welcome our new warriors, lady warriors, enchanters, enchantresses, and rogues,” he said, smiling at the tables of new students. “I know all of you are aware of what purpose the Adventurers’ Academy serves, but to assure there is no confusion, I will explain the mission of the academy to you. The Adventurers’ Academy welcomes students whose greatest desire is to learn the skills necessary to adventure out on quests, helping villages and people wherever evil has risen. In return for providing safety, you have the opportunity to be heroes. Your names could be lauded throughout all the land. Of course, to accomplish this you must gain great powers, experiences, and skills. This is what your education at the Adventurers’ Academy will start to provide for you.”
“Oh, yeah,” Earl said confidently, nudging Dagdron with his elbow.
“Now,” the headmaster continued as he squinted his eyes toward Earl, causing his bushy eyebrows to stick out even more. “Every year there are a couple of first years who suddenly realize that they do not have what it takes. In a few months, the snow will seal off the area until springtime. That means, if there is anyone here who does not want to be an adventurer, he or she should decide so now. I do not want to have to care for another weeping child during the entire winter because the mountain passes are blocked off. If anyone does not want to be a hero, please leave now. There is a caravan waiting, and they will escort you to your kingdom or village on their way.”
Dagdron felt a sigh of relief enter his chest. While all the other students were looking around to see if anyone was going to leave, Dagdron quickly jumped up. He was about to head along the back of the chamber to the exit when the headmaster yelled across the room.
“Sit down, now!”
Dagdron stopped and looked back at the headmaster. “I don’t want to be an adventurer,” he said.
“I said sit down. Now!” the headmaster repeated.
“I don’t want to be a hero!” Dagdron said loudly.
“Get back to that table, Dagdron!” the headmaster said.
Dagdron’s hand instantly went inside his cloak and he took out his dagger as he felt the fury rush through his body. A rogue never liked his name revealed. All the students and teachers were staring at him now, so he turned around and sat back down next to Earl.
“I knew you could talk,” Earl said. “Dagdron is such an interesting name. Tell me how you got it!”

Chapter 3: Escape

Dagdron ignored everything else the headmaster said. He was too busy trying to remember the exact path he and his father had taken to get to the academy. His only concern now was getting back to Cliffmount before the snow came.
“Let’s go!” Earl said, elbowing Dagdron again.
Dagdron looked up and saw all the students filing out of the chamber. Earl grabbed his arm and pulled him along. When they reached the front of the room close to the platform, Dagdron saw the headmaster glance at him. He was talking to the brown-haired boy again.
“Excuse me, Byron.” The headmaster lifted his hand, casting another pink and blue ring at Dagdron, pulling him, against his will, toward him. Earl looked confused as the rogue was yanked out of his grasp, but the throng of students kept him moving toward the door.
“I told you that I will not have your father telling me that I didn’t live up to my half of his underhanded deal,” the headmaster whispered sternly so none of the other students could hear. “Don’t even think about sneaking out of this academy. Unless I give you permission, you are not allowed outside the gates. I will not let you leave this academy until after your third year when you’re ready to adventure out on quests.” The headmaster gave Dagdron a small shove and he was caught in the current of students.
Dagdron still had no idea what to think. His father had never mentioned the headmaster to him or anything about having dealings with people faraway from Cliffmount. He glanced toward the front doors, but the enchantress teacher who had been greeting the new students was standing there, so he looked around until he saw a blue banner marking the boys’ staircase. He started up the spiral staircase behind a group of warriors. They were all talking excitedly about being back at the academy. When they reached the first landing, there was a parchment pointing the way to the rooms for the first-year boys. The second and third years continued up the stairs to the higher levels.
Dagdron walked across the landing where he saw Warrior Sawkett. He checked a scroll and told Dagdron his room was the last one on the right. Dagdron walked silently down the hall, trying to ignore the happy exclamations of the other first years getting settled into their rooms. When he turned into his small, cramped room at the end of the hall, he stopped suddenly in the doorway. Earl was in there. He didn’t notice Dagdron since he was busy hanging a tapestry and two swords on the wall above the headboard of his bed, which already had a bulky blanket laid over it. There were five trunks scattered around the room filled with Earl’s possessions. Dagdron looked at the other bed. There was only a mattress on it. The rogue walked across the room without making a single noise and sat down on the bed. He kept his hood on and immediately started making plans to sneak out of the academy that night.
When Earl finished hanging the swords, he turned back and, out of the corner of his eye, caught sight of the dark figure sitting on the bed.
“Dagdron!?” Earl exclaimed. “We’re roommates!?”
Dagdron ignored him, but Earl gave a clumsy leap off the bed, tripped over a chest, and crashed into Dagdron.
“This is so great!” Earl continued. “We have a window! Not very many first-year rooms have one!”
“Stop talking,” Dagdron said as he pulled himself away from Earl and leaned back against the wall. His cloak had shifted when Earl slammed into him, and his dagger was jabbing his leg slightly, so Dagdron pulled it out.
“I didn’t mean to ram you. I tripped. Honest.” Earl hurried to his feet, stumbled as he backed up, and fell onto his own bed.
“I just want you to stop talking,” Dagdron said.
“Don’t worry. I told you before that I’ll do the talking for both of us. I know the rogue style.”
“I need silence so I can figure out how to sneak out of this stupid academy tonight!” Dagdron said loudly, letting his emotions get the better of him. He shifted his position so Earl couldn’t look into the darkness of his hood.
Earl finally didn’t say anything. He busied himself stacking his trunks at the end of his bed, banging and bashing them as he dragged them across the room. When his chests were situated, he picked up a small painting he had set carefully on his bed, and hung it on the wall.
Dagdron glanced at it, and unfortunately Earl saw him.
“My dad gave me this painting of the Adventurer’s Academy on my fifth birthday,” Earl explained. “I know it’s just a small old painting, but looking at it as I was growing up always gave me hope that maybe I would get accepted at the academy. I still can’t believe I’m actually here.”
Dagdron looked away so Earl would stop talking. Earl sat down on his bed, unbuckled his sword, and started shining it. 
“I guess I just don’t understand why you don’t want to be here. I’ve dreamt of coming to the academy since I was three,” Earl finally said, unable to withstand the silence. “And back then it wasn’t even a possibility because my father was still a commoner. Only thirty to forty warriors, magicians, and rogues are admitted each year. And usually less rogues. Didn’t you notice in the eating hall how few third-year rogues were left? Most rogues don’t make it all three years. You’re extremely lucky to be here.”
“I won’t even be here three weeks. I want to go home and live with my dad,” Dagdron said.
“You want to be with your parents? I couldn’t wait for my fourteenth birthday because I knew I could finally get away from mine. Don’t get me wrong, I love my parents and all my siblings, but we have a chance to be great adventurers here.”
“I don’t have a family. It’s just my dad.”
“Sounds kind of lonely. Here you can have friends your age.”
“You don’t get it.” Dagdron bowed his head, hoping Earl would drop it.
“Why wouldn’t Headmaster Gwauldron let you leave when he had just said anyone who didn’t want to be here could go?”
“I don’t know,” Dagdron said.
A loud bell started ringing, so Earl wasn’t able to ask any more questions.
“Mealtime!” Earl said. He jumped up and headed to the door. “Aren’t you coming?”
“I’m not hungry,” Dagdron said. He lowered his head, and Earl left.
Dagdron got up off his bed and walked to the window. He swung the glass open and looked out. Even on the first level of the boys’ tower, there was no way he could climb down. He looked at the back yard of the academy. The tall black fence surrounded the entire building. There was a grass covering in the back area with a scattering of trees. The surrounding mountains looked peaceful, but they still didn’t match up with the rocky cliffs where Dagdron had grown up. He glanced back as he sensed someone behind him, and saw a warrior jerk away from the doorway. Dagdron closed the heavy wooden door and then lay down on the bed. He closed his eyes, but the bed felt way too soft. He stood up, took off his cloak, crumpled it into a ball, and lay down on the bare stone floor, using his cloak as a pillow.

Dagdron woke up later that evening when he heard Earl come in the room.
“I brought you some food,” Earl said. “And it’s nice to see your face.”
Dagdron noticed Earl’s confused expression, wondering why he was sleeping on the floor. The rogue reached up and took the plate of small cooked potatoes with the skin still on and chicken drumsticks. He pulled out his dagger and speared one of the potatoes, while Earl lit the lanterns hanging on their bedroom walls.
“If you’re going to sneak out of here tonight, you might as well go on a full stomach,” Earl said. “And I’ve decided to help you escape.”
“I need you to distract the warrior that’s watching our room,” Dagdron said, ripping off a piece of chicken with his teeth.
“So you really don’t know why Headmaster Gwauldron won’t let you leave?” Earl asked.
“I have no idea.” Dagdron finished his meal and tossed his plate onto the floor. “Can you go to the bathroom around midnight?”
“Sure thing,” Earl said, picking up the plate and setting it carefully on his nightstand.
The two boys passed the rest of the evening with Earl telling Dagdron about Lordavia and more specific details about the Adventurers’ Academy. Earl was shocked that Dagdron didn’t know anything about it. Dagdron was a little surprised himself, because, though he had only snuck around the Cliffmount village, he thought he would have heard mention of the academy one time or another.
When Dagdron couldn’t stand the sound of Earl’s voice anymore, he asked him what was in all the trunks he had brought. Earl started showing him all his different possessions from clothes for every occasion to his boot shining kit. Earl was shocked that the only thing Dagdron owned was a dagger, but Dagdron was astounded that Earl had to worry about transporting so much worthless stuff.
Midnight finally rolled around, and Earl extinguished the lights before stumbling noisily out of the room as Dagdron put his cloak on. Dagdron listened intently and heard the light breathing of the guard outside. He quietly crept over to one of Earl’s trunks, pulled out some of his extra clothes, and arranged it in a somewhat human shape on the bed. The door to the bedroom was still open, so he used the proper sneaking stance his father had taught him at age four and quietly slipped to the door. He could see the dark figure standing against the wall at the end of the hall watching the doorway. As soon as Dagdron heard Earl’s loud, clumping footsteps, he slid out the door and held still against the wall in the shadows. The guard gave no sign of having seen him. Dagdron slowly moved along the wall. Earl didn’t see him in the shadows, either.
Once Earl was back in the room, Dagdron saw the guard walk to the door and open it a crack. He must have thought Dagdron was really in his bed because he returned to his post. Dagdron kept moving silently and patiently until he reached the landing. He could see two warrior guards there. One standing at the entrance to the stairs that continued to the higher levels, the other at the one leading down. Having no other means to distract the guards, Dagdron remained pressed against the wall, breathing noiselessly. Finally after a long time, the guard in front of the downstairs entrance shifted his position and walked across the landing.
“I can’t believe we have to stay up all night guarding this floor. The headmaster usually wants to weed out a few students,” the guard said once he reached the other.
Dagdron was momentarily tempted to stay and listen, but then he remembered that his dad had always said not to let unimportant distractions stand in the way of the ultimate goal. So he quietly made his way along the wall in the shadows and made it to the top of the stairs. He moved quietly onto the first step, and then continued the rest of the way down. He peeked out into the entrance hall, but couldn’t see anyone. 
As he crossed the chamber toward the front doors, he caught sight of the left-side wall that he hadn’t seen when he had previously passed through because of all the students who had been there. He glanced at the parchments hanging there, and felt his heart drop. Forgetting what he had just told himself about distractions, he hurried over. One of the pieces of parchment had a charcoal drawing of a man who could only be his father, and offered a reward of five-hundred gold pieces for any information of his whereabouts. Dagdron ripped the parchment off the wall.
“I was going to take that down myself,” a voice said. “I got what I wanted, and now I hope I never see your father again.”
Dagdron stopped, scolding himself for becoming distracted when he should have headed directly to the front doors.
“Don’t worry. You wouldn’t have made it outside anyway,” the headmaster said, then waited until Dagdron turned around. The old man was wearing a dark blue robe, but this one had a frillier, nightgown look to it. “I’m not at all surprised that you made it down here, so that’s why I was waiting for you. Most of the rogues who come to the academy have some experience as children, but I had no idea what to expect from you, only that I felt sure your father would send you well-prepared.”
Dagdron remained mute.
“Though, honestly, I thought you would be an enchanter. I guess twelve years of hiding out would turn anyone into a rogue. I’m not disappointed with your skills, though. Your father appears to have taught you professionally, not just as a casual thief.”
“I don’t want this,” Dagdron said. “I want to go back to my father and live there peacefully.”
“Stop saying that because it’s not going to happen,” Headmaster Gwauldron said. “I’m not at all surprised that your father was never open and honest with you, but that doesn’t change the fact that you have to stay at the academy. I had hoped that you would just accept it and settle in here, but I see that’s not going to happen. Unfortunately, with the new students just arriving and other things going on throughout the land, I don’t have time to stay up until midnight every night to prevent you from sneaking past the guards. That’s why I’m willing to make a deal with you.”
Dagdron was silent, keeping his face hidden in his hood.
“Has your roommate told you how he’s always dreamed of coming to the Adventurers’ Academy?” the headmaster asked.
Dagdron gave a quick nod of his head.
“If I ever have to stop you from escaping again, Earl will be expelled immediately.”
“Earl doesn’t have anything to do with this.”
“Didn’t your father ever tell you how important connections are? Whether Earl wants to be or not, he is now involved.”
“I don’t care if he gets expelled.”
The headmaster chuckled. “I don’t believe that for a second. Perhaps your father has taught you about controlling and hiding your emotions, but I bet your father really only hides his emotions and doesn’t control them. And I know you think I can’t see your face under your hood with only the light of the lanterns, but I can still read you. You’ve known Earl for only half a day, but you could never stand to sacrifice the longing he’s had for so many years to escape Lordavia to become a hero. And while I’m not a rogue and I don’t hide my emotions, I definitely don’t let my emotions control me. That is why you can be sure that I am serious when I say that if I ever catch you trying to leave the academy again, Earl will be expelled without explanation.”
Dagdron hated feeling the truth of the headmaster’s words. He hated Earl. He was the first teenager he had spent time with, and he couldn’t stand his annoying, incessant voice. But he also knew that he didn’t even remember the exact way back to Cliffmount. And he couldn’t help picturing the horrified look of disappointment on the blond boy’s overeager face as the headmaster expelled him.
“Why don’t you tell the guards they can go to bed, on your way back?” Headmaster Gwauldron said.
Dagdron didn’t say anything, but he walked straight back across the chamber and up the stairs. The guards looked surprised as he walked onto the landing. The other warrior was still close to the room and looked shocked, but Dagdron ignored him and went into his bedroom, closing the door behind him. He took off his cloak and lay down on the hard floor with his back toward Earl.
“What happened?” Earl said from his bed.
“I got caught,” Dagdron said.
“By who?”
“The headmaster.”
“Did he say why he wouldn’t let you leave?”
“No.”
There were a few moments of silence.
“Why are you sleeping on the floor?” Earl asked. “Do all rogues do that?”
“Earl, please, please, please, stop talking,” Dagdron said.
Earl didn’t say anything else, but he started humming softly. Dagdron set the piece of parchment with his father’s picture on it on the floor, placed his father’s gold ring on it, and slid both of them under his bed. He pulled his dagger out of his cloak, and held it in his hand as he fell asleep.

Chapter 4: The Adventurers’ Academy

“Dagdron! Dagdron!” Earl said early the next morning, shaking his roommate.
Dagdron slowly opened his eyes, hoping that the academy had just been one big nightmare, but he saw Earl’s face inches from his own.
“Our orientation and tour of the academy is today!” Earl said. He backed away, and although Dagdron’s eyesight was still a little blurry, he was pretty sure Earl started dancing a jig. On his third leg movement, he stumbled and fell on his rump, but jumped back to his feet excitedly.
Dagdron reluctantly got up, put on his cloak, and followed Earl down to the eating hall. First years were already picking up breakfast from the stone table on the platform. Earl quickly joined the line, looking around the chamber with excitement. The academy chef was standing behind the table. He had a big belly, dark hair, and a very cheerful face. He happily greeted all the new students and encouraged them to take more and more food. Earl began loading up his plate with hardboiled eggs, meats, cheeses, and bread. Dagdron only speared some sausages with his dagger before heading to the first-year boys’ table. He sat toward the end where a few other rogues were. Earl joined him shortly after.
“This is so unbelievable,” Earl said as he dug in heartily, sending bread crumbs all over the table. “I’ve imagined eating at the Adventurers’ Academy ever since I was a kid. Dinner last night was incredible, and breakfast is just as good.”
Dagdron didn’t reply as he ate his sausages.
Both first-year tables were filled before any of the upper year students arrived. Already divided by gender, the tables were also split by warriors, enchanters, and rogues. The warriors sat at the other end of Dagdron’s table, talking and eating raucously, while the enchanters were more prone to talking about intellectual subjects. At the rogues’ end, everyone was silent except for Earl, who talked excitedly the entire meal.
“It’s tour time,” Earl announced when they finished breakfast.
As all the new adventurers returned to the entrance hall, Dagdron noticed that all the rogues kept away from him and Earl. Dagdron wished he could have peace and quiet on the tour, but he knew he would have no such luck.
“Dagdron, let’s go meet some of the other warriors,” Earl said. Before the thief could decline, Earl grabbed his arm and pulled him along.
The group of warriors was showing their swords to each other. Earl eagerly peered over and starting oohing and ahhing at the different weapons.
“I’ll show you a real sword,” a voice said. The group turned to look as the brown-haired boy the headmaster had escorted the first day at the academy approached and unsheathed his sword. A lanky warrior and another chubby one followed behind him. As he extended his sword there was a collective gasp from the crowd. Dagdron didn’t see what was so special. The blade looked like any other, and the hilt was gold with different colored gems encrusted in it, but that wouldn’t help you in a fight. “That’s right. The royal blacksmith in Broodavia forged it especially for me. It fits perfectly in my hand and is the perfect weight for me.”
The boy held the sword out a little longer, enjoying the attention from the wide-eyed warriors, before putting it back in his sheath.
“My name is Byron Fortigroff by the way. I thought I would introduce myself since you won’t be seeing much of me outside of classes since I’m staying in a room on the fourth floor.”
Byron signaled the two warriors as he walked away with a smile at hearing the group whisper. The two warrior students hurried after him.
“Wow,” Earl said to Dagdron. “Byron is the son of King Fortigroff of Broodavia. I’ve heard about those bedrooms on the fourth floor. Headmaster Gwauldron reserves them for students from the most important families.”
“You mean for the richest families,” Dagdron replied. “Who cares about those richy rooms?”
Earl gave him a slightly shocked look, but since the enchantress and warrior who had welcomed the new students came into the entrance hall just then, he said, “That’s Enchantress Higgins with Warrior Sawkett. She teaches the third-year magic users and he teachers the third-year fighters. I can’t wait to learn from him.”
“You already told me that yesterday,” Dagdron said.
“Well, I’m still just as excited about it today,” Earl said.
“Gather around, please,” Enchantress Higgins said, waving her arms. Dagdron felt a slight breeze that seemed to push all the students toward the right side of the chamber. He noticed that Elloriana hurried to the front of the group. “I am Enchantress Higgins; Warrior Sawkett and I will be taking you on the tour of the academy. Now, I fully understand how excited you are to be here, but please try to keep your comments to yourself, so that everyone can hear during the tour. Afterward, you are welcome to revisit any areas and discuss them with your friends.”
Dagdron glanced at Earl, but he was busy gazing around the chamber with fascinated eyes.
“I know you have all been in the entrance hall already,” Enchantress Higgins continued, “but all the other parts of the academy are accessible from it, so that is why Headmaster Gwauldron keeps the announcement wall in here—he knows all the students pass through often.” She paused to point to the parchments posted on the wall behind her. “Each of you should check it frequently. In addition to any important messages, the headmaster will put any rule changes, any event or activity notifications, and he also puts any urgent quest parchments out here to make them more noticeable.”
“You hear that, Dagdron?” Earl whispered. “Urgent quests out here.”
Dagdron glanced at the spot on the wall where he had ripped down his father’s picture. Why had finding his father been urgent? he wondered.
“Follow me,” Enchantress Higgins said as she led the group toward the doorway back into the dining hall. “You’ve all been in the meeting hall as well, but Chef Barig likes all the first years to see the kitchens.”
“First years, first years, first years!” The second- and third-year warriors and lady warriors chanted as they clanked their forks, plates, and mugs against the table. When a few plates cracked amongst the raucous, Enchantress Higgins cast a strict look around the hall, but the yells and bangs continued.
Chef Barig was waiting anxiously at the doorway to the kitchen and greeted everyone excitedly as they came in. The kitchen crew was in cleanup mode now that breakfast had been served, but the chef still led them around, showing them the ovens, stoves, and even pots and pans. When he opened the freezer, Enchantress Higgins stopped him.
“I think we’ve seen enough, Chef Barig,” she said before turning to address the group. Chef Barig kept the freezer open, smiling as he saw some of the students glancing in at all the food. “Please remember that no students are ever allowed in the kitchen, and that meals are served at designated times only.”
Enchantress Higgins made her way through the crowd to lead the new adventurers from the kitchen. As the students began following her, Chef Barig started whispering to the students as they passed.
“Stop in for a snack anytime. I can whip you up whatever you like!” he said.
Dagdron didn’t think he’d ever need a snack with the amount of food that was served at meals, but Earl animatedly gave Chef Barig a thumbs up.
The group passed through the meeting hall, again to the chants of “first years, first years, first years!” but Enchantress Higgins hurried them back to the entrance to a doorway in the northwest corner.
“We’ll now be talking about the four towers of the academy. Each tower has six floors. This doorway leads to the teachers’ tower where the teachers and other workers of the academy stay. We will not climb it because students are not allowed there unless there is an emergency or under the direction of a teacher.
“Now, follow me over to the girls’ tower.” The enchantress walked straight across the entrance hall to the northeast doorway, but stopped in front of it. “No male students will ever enter this tower. As you’ve seen from the eating hall, male and female students do not socialize, so there will never be any reason for a male student, be he warrior, enchanter, or rogue to even enter the hallway leading to the stairway. Do not use any excuse—including curiosity or practicing sneaking skills,” she said, pausing as she glanced at the rogues, “because the girls’ tower is identical to the boys’. The first three floors are for students, the fourth floor for special visitors, the fifth floor for returning adventurers, and the sixth floor for special events the headmaster might organize.”
Without saying anything else, Enchantress Higgins motioned for everyone to follow her diagonally across the entrance hall to the boys’ tower.
“We all, including the girls, will be climbing this tower. Normally, no girl student should ever enter, but Headmaster Gwauldron’s office resides on the sixth floor of the boys’ tower, and he appreciates all of you new students seeing his office so everyone feels comfortable if he ever summons you there.”
“I’ve been dying to see Headmaster Gwauldron’s office,” Earl said to Dagdron. “I’ve heard the view up there is the best of any from the academy.”
Enchantress Higgins led the way up the stairs and all the first years followed. Dagdron and Earl still brought up the rear. There was a jam when they reached the first landing.
“I hope all of you have fun on the first floor,” Byron said. “I’m already on the fourth. Higher than any of you will ever reach.” The two warriors who had followed him before chuckled before trailing him up to the second floor.
“He’s starting to bother me,” Dagdron said.
“Don’t let him get to you. He’s just excited to be at the academy,” Earl replied.
“No, he’s acting like a richy. And he’s going to regret it someday when he gets sliced.”
Earl gave Dagdron another shocked look, but the rogue continued up the stairs.
Byron put on another display on the fourth floor landing. “Look how nice and luxurious this fourth floor is. I wonder who gets to stay here.”
His goons laughed again. Dagdron pushed the students in front of him to crowd Byron and his friends, so they were forced to resume climbing. When all the students finally reached the sixth floor, Enchantress Higgins was waiting next to a brilliant blue door.
“Remember, this is Headmaster Gwauldron’s office, and you should be respectful as you pass through it. Don’t dillydally and don’t touch anything,” she said. She was about to knock on the door, but there was a rustle in the crowd as Byron pushed his way to the front, leaving his friends behind. He smiled at Elloriana, who was still holding her position in front. She smiled back. Enchantress Higgins gave a firm knock on the door, and it swung open by itself.
The office was much larger than Dagdron thought it would be. There was a long walk into the room where the headmaster was seated behind his desk, which had a few books and parchments on it, along with other trinkets. He stood as the students entered, but stayed behind his desk. When Byron was halfway in, he lengthened his stride to pull ahead of Elloriana.
“Byron, it’s great to see you again. Feel free to stop by anytime,” the headmaster said.
“It’s a pleasure to be in your office for the first time,” Byron responded as he gave the headmaster a proud handshake.
Elloriana shook the headmaster’s hand after, taking her time to talk to him.
“Thank you so much for allowing me to attend the academy,” she said. “It really is such a great honor for me and all of Lordavia.”
“The honor is all mine,” Headmaster Gwauldron responded.
“Hurry!” Dagdron yelled from the back of the line before ducking behind Earl.
The headmaster and Enchantress Higgins both glared strictly toward the back of the line, but didn’t say anything.
“Dagdron, why did you do that?” Earl asked.
“Those two richies are holding up the line so they can kiss up to the headmaster.”
“Byron and Elloriana are from the two biggest kingdoms. Their relationship with Headmaster Gwauldron is very important.”
“You’re from Lordavia, too, so why aren’t you in front kissing up?”
“You know that’s not what I meant.”
“Exactly. The richies get preferential treatment because they inherited lots of money.”
“That’s not always the case,” Earl explained. “My father worked as hard as he could, and that’s how my family rose to noble status.”
“You wanted to be richies?”
“Dagdron, stop calling them that. I wouldn’t have been able to come to the Adventurers’ Academy otherwise.”
The line slowly moved up. All the other students were much more tentative as they shook the headmaster’s hand, and only made polite greetings to him. When Earl and Dagdron finally reached the desk, Earl shook his hand excitedly.
“I’m especially glad to see you here,” the headmaster said to Earl, but giving a quick glance to Dagdron.
“It’s a true honor, Headmaster Gwauldron,” Earl said, still shaking his hand.
Enchantress Higgins finally tapped Earl on the shoulder, so he broke the handshake.
“Dagdron,” the headmaster said.
Dagdron gave a quick nod and didn’t extend his hand. The headmaster sat back down in his chair. As Dagdron turned to leave, out of the corner of his eye he saw the headmaster pull out a pouch, so he looked over his shoulder. The headmaster opened the pouch, and what appeared to be a rounded blue gem protruded slightly. The headmaster suddenly lifted his head and glared at Dagdron before reclosing the pouch and lifting his hands up. A mild whirlwind blew Dagdron until he was outside the office.
“I can’t believe you wouldn’t even shake his hand. That was one of the greatest experiences of my life,” Earl commented to Dagdron while they descended the tower. “I’ve heard that adventurers who come back to the academy get to meet with the headmaster one on one in his office, getting advice and other help on quests and adventures. Someday that will be me.”
Dagdron stared at Earl, but kept his face expressionless.
“Come on, Dagdron,” Earl said. “I’m trying really hard here to help you see that being an adventurer is amazing.”
“What’s amazing about being in a boring office with a headmaster?”
“Everything!” Earl responded.
Dagdron picked up the pace to make it down the stairs more quickly. Earl did his best to keep up, but when he was a few steps from the bottom, he tripped in his boots, crashing into Dagdron’s back.
Next, Enchantress Higgins took the students to the classroom tower in the southeast corner. This was the only tower that went down from the main floor, which was where the rogue classrooms were. Unlike the dark brown walls in the rest of the castle, the stairs down and the subsequent corridors were made of gray stone. At the basement landing, three corridors led to the right, center, and left. Enchantress Higgins led them swiftly down the left hallway, pointing out where the first-year rogues would attend class, but then she was quick to lead the group upstairs. The first three floors going upward held the classrooms for the warriors and lady warriors, where Warrior Sawkett showed the students around.
“I can’t believe this,” Earl said. “Next week I will actually be attending my first classes at the Adventurers’ Academy right here!”
Dagdron ignored him as Enchantress Higgins took them to the top three floors where the magic users had their classes.
“Being at a higher altitude helps the mind develop and allows spells come more easily,” she explained as she grinned eagerly at the magicians and enchantresses.”
The group spent a longer time in the magic-user classrooms but, when some of the warriors started getting restless and roughhousing, Enchantress Higgins quickly led them back down to the entrance hall.
“I have noticed that some of you are already getting impatient, but that is why I saved these next rooms for last,” Enchantress Higgins said. “Through the west-side doorway are the adventuring and questing rooms.”
Excitement spread through all the students, even some of the rogues, and Dagdron saw Earl fidget with emotion and clutch the hilt of his sword.
“This is the moment I’ve been waiting for,” he whispered to Dagdron.
“You’ve been waiting for a lot of moments,” Dagdron replied.
“I know,” Earl said with a huge grin.
Through the doorway there was a long hallway. Partway down was a door on the left and right. They went in the left room first, which was filled with all sorts of equipment.
“The adventurers’ workout room,” Earl said.
Enchantress Higgins cast a look in Earl’s direction, but he didn’t notice. “This is the exercise room for any adventurers who come back for a new quest from the academy,” she said.
She allowed the students to walk around the room for a while. The warriors and lady warriors swarmed around the physical exercise machines, while the enchanters and enchantresses checked out the contraptions on the other side of the room that tested your magical stamina and spells. Dagdron stayed by the door, thankful to have a small break from Earl’s talking. He watched the other rogues looking at the machines to help them sneak, pickpocket, and pick locks.
Then they moved to the room on the right side of the hallway.
“The quest room!” Earl exclaimed, this time so loud that everyone in the group heard it clearly. 
Enchantress Higgins just let the group loose. Earl grabbed Dagdron and pulled him to the wall that was covered completely by a map showing all the kingdoms, towns, and villages of the land. 
“I’m sure you already know where Lordavia is, but I’ll show you anyway,” Earl said.
“I don’t know where it is,” Dagdron said.
“Are you joking me?” Earl asked.
“No.”
“How can you not know where Lordavia is? Lordavia and Broodavia are the two biggest kingdoms.” Earl quickly pointed them out on the map. Broodavia was in the middle of the eastern part of the map, and Lordavia in the middle on the west side. Dagdron looked but didn’t change his expression. He had never given any thought to what other kingdoms in the land were like. He had never left Cliffmount before coming to the academy.
“What village are you from?” Earl asked.
“I’m not telling you,” Dagdron said.
“Why not?”
“Because I don’t want you to know.”
“Dagdron, we’re going to be roommates for three years. We’re going to have to get to know one another.”
“I’m not going to be at the academy for three years. I’m never going to be an adventurer.”
“Yes, you will,” Earl said. “I’ll show you some of the quests, and I’m sure that will help convince you that adventuring is the most amazing opportunity someone can have.”
Earl pulled Dagdron to the other two walls that were covered with multiple parchments, each one outlining a different quest that people in different villages throughout the land had requested to be fulfilled. There was everything from fighting off trolls, goblins, and other creatures, to overthrowing evil magicians, as well as finding different magical items, children, and special potion ingredients.
“I could complete most of these already,” Byron said in a loud voice. A bunch of warriors, in addition to his two friends, were gathered around looking at the quests he was pointing out.
Dagdron moved to the far side away from Byron, and Earl followed him. Earl excitedly read different quests, explaining to Dagdron what a great feeling it would give him to complete them and become a hero.
When Enchantress Higgins called them back out into the hallway, Dagdron was hoping the tour would finally be over, but instead, she lead everyone the rest of the way down the hallway to another doorway. When everyone was in the room, she didn’t even make an effort to say anything.
“The trophy room!” Earl exclaimed.
Earl grabbed Dagdron by his cloak and pulled him around the room as everyone in the group swarmed with them. Earl pointed out troll heads, goblin heads, and other parts of creatures’ bodies that different adventurers had brought back to the academy. There were also plaques and other awards that different villages had given adventurers for their heroics.
After a while, Enchantress Higgins called everyone over to the far side of the room where no one had been paying attention to the chairs and platform.
“This is what I was telling you about,” Earl said to Dagdron. “When alumni adventurers return for a new quest, this is where they talk to the current students.”
“Now that you have all felt the excitement about the glory you can achieve as an adventurer,” Enchantress Higgins began, “it’s time to start doing the things that will eventually allow you to accomplish them. We are now going to hand out your adventurer’s handbooks.” Enchantress Higgins and Warrior Sawkett picked up a stack of small tan-colored books and started passing them out to each first year. “You will all need to read this book many times during your education at the Adventurers’ Academy. They will be your guide and friend as you learn and prepare to fulfill quests.”
When Earl and Dagdron got their handbooks, Earl immediately smoothed the cover of his, smelled it, and then stared at it like it was the most valuable possession he had ever touched.
“As soon as the tour is over, I want each of you to return to your rooms and read through the adventurer’s handbook for the first time.”
“I can’t wait,” Earl said.
“The final part of your orientation today will be the talk about honor,” Enchantress Higgins said. Dagdron saw her glance toward the row of seats where most of the rogues were sitting. “I am so pleased to see your excitement and anxiousness to start your education and the road to becoming a hero, but you must always remember that it’s not just about fulfilling quests, it’s about completing quests with honor.
“Even among all the amazing trophies and plaques, the inscription on the wall behind me is what the Adventurers’ Academy is truly about.”
Dagdron glanced with all the other students while Enchantress Higgins pointed to the wall behind her, but as soon as he read “The Adventurer’s Creed of Honor,” he looked away.

Adventure and journey through all the land,
Quest and defend with one’s own hand.
In hopes of riches, fame, and glory,
Lauded in song, script, and story.
Heroics with sword, magic, and dagger,
Always with courage, dignity, and honor.

As Enchantress Higgins read the oath, Earl said the words quietly to himself, already having it memorized. When the teacher finished, she immediately escorted the students back to the entrance hall so that they could return to their rooms and read their manuals.
As soon as Dagdron reached his bedroom, he threw his handbook under his bed and lay down, putting his hood on. Earl came in shortly after.
“Where’s your adventurer’s handbook?” Earl asked.
Dagdron shrugged.
“You just got it a few minutes ago. How could you not know where it is?”
Dagdron shrugged again.
“It’s not a problem. I’ll just read out loud from mine,” Earl said, opening his book to the first page. “So you want to be an adventurer...”
Dagdron gazed at the ceiling. No, I don’t.

Chapter 5: Bodaburg

The rest of the week, Dagdron gave in to Earl’s beckoning to tour the academy on a more personal basis, more because of sheer boredom than anything else. Even living hidden in the bluffs above Cliffmount, Dagdron had been able to go outside and practice throwing his dagger and climb on the boulders. But at the academy he felt completely trapped in his cramped bedroom where Earl always was.
They started in the middle of the entrance hall.
“I’m sure you know,” Earl explained excitedly, “but these statues are the legendary enchanter, warrior, and rogue that represent the Adventurers’ Academy. No one knows who they are, where they came from, or why Headmaster Gwauldron chose to put their statues in the main hall. But they truly characterize what this academy is all about: training enchanters in magic, warriors in sword fighting, and rogues in sneaking to venture out and fulfill quests in the service of villages and villagers anywhere.”
“Sounds horrible,” Dagdron said.
Earl ignored him and continued the personalized tour, explaining loudly and extensively about all the rooms and sections around the school. Even though he had only been there a week, the warrior boy seemed to know every nook and cranny. The brightest spot for Dagdron was when Earl explained how frustrating it would be when they started classes the following Monday, because the rogues and warriors didn’t have any cross-over classes until the second year. Dagdron was grateful he would be going to classes filled with sly and shady rogues who talked very little.
The one time Dagdron refused to accompany Earl was when a returning enchanter spoke to the students in the trophy room. The rogue had no interest in listening to a speech about adventures when Earl already talked to him about it all day long. Earl pressured him to go, only leaving once he realized he would be late if he waited any longer. Dagdron was horrified when he returned. The young warrior was so hyper about adventuring that he talked even faster as he paced around the room making hand gestures as he told Dagdron all about the speech.
Dagdron went down to the eating hall once a day. Earl always brought him food when he didn’t go. Dagdron tried to feel grateful to Earl about this, but whenever the boy warrior started talking, Dagdron quickly grumbled to himself how he never asked Earl to bring him food. Still, even with Earl as his only company, he preferred staying away from the other students. He didn’t have any interest in associating with any of the other warriors, enchanters, or rogues. At least the lady warriors and enchantresses always had to sit at separate tables, so he didn’t have to worry about them, either.
On Friday evening when Earl brought a plate of food back to the room, he told Dagdron that the headmaster had announced that all the students could take a visit to the village below the school on Saturday.
“And, just so you know, he pulled me aside as I was leaving and told me that you have to go,” Earl said.
Dagdron shrugged his shoulders.
“It’s going to be fun!” Earl said. “Bodaburg is where we get to go on weekends!”
Dagdron didn’t reply and just ate his dinner as Earl told him every last detail about the village.

There was a loud bang on their door early the next morning. They both got up. Dagdron threw his cloak on, while Earl busied himself trying to decide what fancy-looking clothes he should wear that wouldn’t make him look too un-warrior-like.
When they made it down to the entrance hall, all the second and third-year adventurers talked raucously, while the first years stood around more nervously, though very interested in seeing what the excitement about the village was.
When Headmaster Gwauldron appeared, he set the second and third years free to start swiftly down the path from the school, while he walked with the group of first years. For a while, they followed the trail that Dagdron and his father had taken to the school. Dagdron couldn’t help glancing at the trail that curved up the mountain peak, but since Earl’s voice was sounding loudly in his ear and he kept grabbing Dagdron’s shoulder each time he stumbled over his boots, Dagdron had to look away and focus on the village in the distance below.
When they reached the tall wooden gate at the front of the village, Dagdron could already see many of the second and third years rushing into different shops. As the headmaster led them through the gates, Dagdron noticed that the townspeople who passed were scowling. The headmaster brought them to a stop and motioned for them to gather together.
“Now, I know some of you have been wondering why at the academy the males and females are prohibited from intermixing at any time,” Headmaster Gwauldron said. “Some of you may have already noticed, and if you haven’t you soon will, that the townspeople of Bodaburg do not like you. While Bodaburg was first established to provide provisions to the Adventurers’ Academy, it has flourished because the academy has provided inhabitants to the village. A large number of the population were once students at the academy, but then they fell in love and started their normal, boring lives in Bodaburg. While there has never been any violence toward students, when they see you, they’re often reminded of their unfulfilled dreams of adventure and heroism, so they naturally dislike you. I have learned over the years that keeping the boys and girls apart at the academy reduces the possibility of confusing emotions that will send you into an often unwanted and unhappy living arrangement here in Bodaburg. If I, or any of the teachers at the academy, find members of the opposite sex associating too much with one another, we will put an end to it. I do not wish to have any discussion with any of your parents about how the entrance fee to the academy is nonrefundable.
“You are all free to enjoy yourself as you get to know Bodaburg,” the headmaster continued. “Warriors and lady warriors, there is no fighting in the village. Enchanters and enchantresses, magic use is not allowed on the streets. And rogues, I suggest you take your hoods off to lessen the suspicion around you. If you get jailed, I will only come bail you out after you have spent a day there. All students beware of what shops you go in. Just because magical objects and scrolls might look very appealing, does not mean that they won’t sear your brain. And last of all, you must stay within the fences of the city. I know it’s natural to want to explore, but there are large groups of goblins and sometimes other evil creatures that prowl the area. No student is allowed to venture in the surrounding forest.” The headmaster held his arms out, inviting the first years to run free.
Just inside the gate, a merchant had set up a stand. He had black hair and a thin mustache and goatee of the same color. His eyes were brown and he was wearing a purple robe with golden designs on it. He was motioning to all the first years to approach. 
“I’m here to help all the first years get accustomed to the academy, and start you on a monetary path that will serve you long into your questing days,” the merchant said.
Earl naturally stopped to see what the stand was all about, taking Dagdron with him. Byron and Elloriana were in the crowd at the stand, and the merchant was eagerly talking to them, trying to get them to sign up for his services.
“I don’t work with rogues,” the merchant said, glaring at Dagdron.
“I don’t work with richies,” Dagdron replied.
The merchant narrowed his eyes angrily at Dagdron.
“Let’s explore!” Earl said. He pulled Dagdron’s hood off before grabbing his arm and pushing him farther along into Bodaburg. “We’ll let Byron and Princess Elloriana worry about that merchant.”
Earl vocally shared every thought that crossed his mind as they walked along the wide dirt road that ran through the main section of Bodaburg, where there were shops and stands of all sorts.. Dagdron admitted to himself that, in spite of his longing for Cliffmount, he took interest in browsing the different stands of food and other items that he’d never seen. His diet had always been basically the same with apples, corn, and occasional meat.
“Look at those cherries!” Earl said, pointing to a fruit stand. “I bet they come from Lordavia.”
Earl led Dagdron over.
“Show me your money, rogue,” the vendor said.
Dagdron scowled at him, but Earl pulled out a pouch of coins to show the man.
While Earl paid the man for a bag of cherries, Dagdron made a quick, subtle darting motion with his hand and grabbed a handful of cherries for himself. When they were walking again, Earl offered Dagdron some cherries, but the rogue shook his head, showing him his own fruit.
“Dagdron!” Earl exclaimed. “You didn’t pay for those! Didn’t you listen to the academy’s creed about upholding a hero’s honor?”
“What does this have to do with honor? Why should I pay for them? He doesn’t have any more right to all that fruit than I do.”
“Yes, he does. He bought them to sell in Bodaburg.”
“He won’t miss a few,” Dagdron said as he started popping cherries into his mouth.
Earl looked appalled at Dagdron’s ignoble behavior, but the thief gave no notice.
The two boys kept walking, and Earl soon forgot about Dagdron’s thievery and was talking again while he chomped on his cherries. They walked around Bodaburg looking at the different magic, weapon, and armor shops. They glanced in a few to see some of the interesting-looking objects, but then Earl always escorted Dagdron swiftly outside, checking to see if he had stolen anything. They only stayed a more extended period in a blacksmith’s shop once Earl noticed that Dagdron was bored with all the armor and weapons. Dagdron pretended to listen as Earl explained about the fine workmanship the swords and shields had been crafted with.
After the weapon’s shop, Earl led Dagdron to a magic shop. There was a green sign with a single eyeball. Once you were on the porch, the eye blinked more rapidly the closer you got to the door.
“A rogue and a warrior,” the magic shop owner said. “Not a combination you often see, particularly in a magic shop. I welcome you. I am Chesna.”
“It’s our first time in Bodaburg,” Earl said, still bursting with emotion. “We’re just exploring everywhere. Don’t worry, we won’t touch anything.”
“Feel free to touch all you want. Magic is really all around us and should be embraced. And I have certain protections, just in case.” The lady glanced at Dagdron.
Earl excitedly looked around the entire shop. Dagdron glanced at a few things, and then approached Chesna. She had red hair and green eyes. She was wearing a magenta dress with gold trimming, along with a gold necklace with an emerald pendant. 
“Is this ring magical?” Dagdron asked, pulling his father’s ring from his pocket.
The lady looked slightly surprised by the question, but laid out her hand for Dagdron to place the ring on. She let the ring sit there for a moment.
“There’s no magic in it, but it’s a beautiful ring. I’ve never seen a gemstone like that before. May I ask where you got it?”
“It’s my father’s, but I don’t know anything about it,” Dagdron replied.
Chesna sensed the sincerity from Dagdron, so she gave the ring back to him and said, “The gem vendor may be able to assist you.. He usually sets up his shop farther down main street.”
Dagdron nodded his head and returned to browse the wares with Earl.
When they left the shop and continued down the street, Dagdron kept his eyes open for the gem vendor. They eventually passed his small table in between the doorways of the bread shop and butcher shop. Dagdron pulled the ring out again and headed over.
The gem vendor looked first at Dagdron, but then his eyes moved to Earl and showed more interest.
“Can you tell me anything about this ring?” Dagdron asked.
The vendor looked back at Dagdron and his eyes lit up with surprise.
“Where did you get this?” the vendor said excitedly, carefully taking the ring.
“I found it,” Dagdron replied.
Slight disbelief crossed the vendor’s face.
“You don’t see this design in the northern parts. If I’m not mistaken, this ring was crafted in Coastdale. The craftsmanship looks unique to that area, and this red gemstone is only found there on the beach, and that’s only if you’re lucky enough to find one washed up in the sand. They are extremely rare.” The vendor cautiously turned the ring between his fingers, still inspecting it. “How much will you take for it?”
“I’m not selling it,” Dagdron said, snatching the ring back.
“I will pay any price,” the vendor said.
Dagdron didn’t reply and headed off down the street.
“Dagdron, did you steal that ring?” Earl asked.
“No,” Dagdron said.
“Well, did you find it or is it your father’s? I heard what you said to Chesna.”
“The headmaster told me it was my father’s. That’s all I know.”
“Are you from Coastdale?” Earl asked.
“No.”
“Where are you from then?”
“I already told you I’m not telling you.”
Earl was going to ask more questions but was distracted. “Ooooh! Look at that,” he said. Dagdron’s eyes followed Earl’s pointing finger to an extravagantly built house. “It’s Mayor Rigo’s house.” 
“What’s his richy house doing in this section of town?” Dagdron glanced around at the other homes and shops, all of which were rundown in appearance.
“Mayor Rigo helped establish the city. His house was one of the first ones built. This neighborhood may appear more neglected now, but when Bodaburg was founded, it was the thriving part of the city.”
Dagdron lost interest and kept moving until he was startled by a sudden exclamation from Earl. “Oh, my goodness!” Dagdron looked all around to see what was so exciting. “I can’t believe I’m actually seeing the Bodaburg Tavern! It’s legendary!”
The tavern was a straw-colored building with dark brown wood as trim. The heavy brown door was outlined by an arch of individual gray square stones. A rod stuck out from above the door with a simple sign hanging from it featuring a mug. On the right side of the tavern, there was a dark, creepy alleyway with steam billowing out every so often.
“You’re excited about a tavern?” Dagdron said.
“They serve a drink called Goblin’s Bile here. Only real men can get it down and still stay on their feet,” Earl explained.
Dagdron was about to tell Earl how dumb he thought that sounded when behind them on the other side of the street from the tavern, the door of the mayor’s house opened, and Byron walked out, along with his tag-along friends. Mayor Rigo, dressed wealthily, shook hands with Byron on the doorstep before returning inside. The three warriors noticed Dagdron and Earl and approached.
“Hello, Earl,” Byron said.
“Hi, Byron!” Earl said. 
“My father and Mayor Rigo are close friends,” Byron continued. “I promised my father I would visit him the minute I reached Bodaburg.”
“Wow,” Earl said. “I haven’t had a chance to meet your friends.”
“This is Gordon,” Byron said, signaling to the boy on his left, “and this is Landon,” he finished, pointing to the boy on his right. Gordon was chubby with black hair and dark brown eyes. Landon, on the other hand, was stick thin with sandy hair and green eyes. Earl shook both their hands.
“And of course we all know who you are, Dagdron,” Byron continued, chuckling and glancing back at his two friends. Dagdron kept staring at the boy with an expressionless face so the warrior finally turned back to Earl. “Anyway, I actually wanted to talk to you about Elloriana. I heard you’re from Lordavia too.”
“Yes, I am,” Earl replied, a note of pride in his voice.
“You’ll have to tell me all about her,” Byron said.
Earl nodded his head hesitantly, but didn’t speak.
“Well, I definitely wouldn’t mind making her my Bodaburg wench.” Byron started chuckling again as he glanced back at Gordon and Landon.
“I don’t see that happening,” Earl said. “From what I heard around the kingdom before coming to the academy, she’s very stubborn and plans on returning to Lordavia like the rest of her family after she makes it through the academy.”
“She hasn’t felt the Fortigroff charm yet,” Byron said.
Dagdron’s dislike of Byron increased with each word he spoke. Even though he had been around very few people in his life, he knew he never wanted to associate with as big a braggart as this warrior. As Earl continued to talk about Elloriana, Dagdron walked a little closer to the alley next to the tavern. After peering into the darkness for a couple of minutes, he walked sneakily back toward the four boys, gripping his dagger. As he passed Byron on his way back to Earl’s side, he swiftly slit the bottom of the braggart’s pocket and caught the coin purse that fell out. Because of the weight of his shiny breastplate and sword, Byron gave no notice to the change of load in his pocket.
“I’m going to check out the tavern,” Dagdron said to Earl.
Earl cut his sentence short as his face lit up. Dagdron smiled as Byron’s face turned into a scowl at being interrupted, but the rogue just led Earl toward the tavern.
“Let’s get some grub,” Dagdron said, opening the door and stepping inside.
“No, Dagdron!” Earl said, dropping his voice to a whisper. “The Bodaburg Tavern is also known for the roughest bunch in the village. Even rogues can’t get away with anything. And I don’t have that much money to spend. I have to save up for when I need to buy a new sword or shield.”
“It’s on me,” Dagdron said, holding up the pouch. Earl looked confused. “Or I guess you could say it’s on Byron.”
Earl’s mouth dropped open, but he followed Dagdron to the back corner table. Despite Earl’s earlier exclamation about the tavern, he appeared wary as if they shouldn’t be inside.
The inside of the tavern was sparsely decorated. There were wooden tables with benches to sit at, and a row of stools along the bar. There were three large kegs built into the wall behind the bar. While the one on the right had a plaque with MEAD engraved on it and the one on the right had ALE engraved on it, the middle one just had a green goblin’s head stuck to it. Intermittent greenish-yellow drops dripped from the spigot of the middle barrel.
“Aren’t you going to try the Goblin’s Bile?” Dagdron asked.
“No!” Earl said. “Maybe for graduation I’ll try it. I’d pass out immediately if I drank it now.”
A small smile crossed Dagdron’s face for the first time since he’d been away from Cliffmount as he imagined Earl passed out on the floor and not talking.
“What’s in it anyway?” he asked.
“No one knows how it’s really made,” Earl explained mysteriously. “It’s always been kept a big secret, which is why the drink is so legendary.”
“Are you two going to eat anything or are you just taking up my precious space?” the bartender called across the tavern.
The two boys glanced at the bartender. He had a block head with black hair, and wore a brown leather vest with no shirt underneath. His face was frozen in a permanent scowl.
“What food do they have here?” Dagdron asked Earl.
“I’ve always heard about the Bodaburg Tavern’s famous fried potatoes wedges and legs of ham,” Earl said.
“Order one for both of us,” Dagdron said.
Earl yelled their order as Dagdron counted gold pieces out of the pouch he had nicked. The bartender pounded his fist rhythmically on the back wall. A few minutes later, a door in the wall to the left of the kegs opened, two green-looking arms stuck out, and the bartender took the platter. He threw the food down on Dagdron and Earl’s table and swiped the coins into his hand in a single motion before heading back to the bar. The fried potatoes were cut long-wise and were seasoned spicily. Dagdron’s and Earl’s eyes were watering soon after. The legs of ham were huge and delicious. Both boys enjoyed lifting the meat by the bone protruding at the end and ripping meat off with their teeth. When they were done eating, Earl quickly scrubbed off the meat juice and potato crumbs that had fallen on his leather jerkin, so he wouldn’t look like a mess in the streets of Bodaburg.
The time was approaching to head back to the academy, so they made their way toward the city gates. On the way, they heard a shopkeeper yelling. The boys glanced over and saw Byron motioning toward the hole in his pocket, but the shopkeeper didn’t care. Dagdron smiled again and Earl even started chuckling when he saw his friend’s expression. When the shopkeeper started calling for the guards, Headmaster Gwauldron came striding through the crowd. He pulled a stack of gold coins from his own robe and gave them to the shopkeeper. As the man counted out of the necessary payment, the headmaster turned his head. As if he could sense Dagdron through the crowd, his eyes fell directly on him. Earl’s mouth dropped open, but Dagdron kept his face blank. The headmaster looked furious, but then Dagdron could have sworn that his mouth curved slightly upward.
Earl grabbed Dagdron’s arm and rushed him away. 
“You need to be more careful, Dagdron,” Earl said. “We’ve only been here a week, and we know Byron is favored by Headmaster Gwauldron.”
“That’s exactly why he needs to be taken down. The headmaster shouldn’t favor him just because he’s a richy.”
“He’s not favoring because of that. Headmaster Gwauldron has to help out in kingdoms all over the land, so he has to be nice to Byron since he’s King Fortigroff’s son. He’s just nurturing his connections to help maintain peace.”
Dagdron didn’t reply, and they went to the gates where the students were amassing. Off to the left, Dagdron saw Elloriana sitting on a bench in a dark blue dress, reading a book. She had various bags full of different items she had purchased. As Earl and Dagdron passed, she looked up from her book.
“Earl,” she said.
“Oh, hi, Princess Elloriana,” Earl said. “How have your first days at the academy been?”
“Fine. Will you carry my bags for me?” Elloriana asked.
“Of course, Princess,” Earl said.
Dagdron scowled at Elloriana and then at Earl, before elbowing him as he was about to step forward.
“You’re not her slave, you’re an adventurer,” Dagdron mumbled under his breath.
“You can help, too, rogue,” Elloriana said.
Dagdron scowled at her again, but then put his hood on and walked to stand alone at the gates while Earl walked forward and started trying to figure out how to strategically hang all of Elloriana’s bags on his arms.
When the headmaster reached the gate, he counted all the first years before signaling everyone out of the city. As they left, he moved to Dagdron’s side.
“I see you had a good first visit to Bodaburg,” the headmaster said.
Dagdron shrugged his shoulders and didn’t reply. The headmaster didn’t say anything else and moved back to the head of the group. 
Hidden in the shroud of his hood, Dagdron let a smile cross his face.

Chapter 6: Scar

Dagdron felt claustrophobic being back in the academy the rest of the weekend. Even though he had lived his entire life in a cave, he felt much more trapped in the school. Earl was boisterously happy about the trip to Bodaburg, but at least Dagdron had learned that if he wanted a few minutes of silence, he could mention how Earl was Elloriana’s slave for carrying her bags.
“I’m going to miss you!” Earl said Monday morning as he and Dagdron left their bedroom to head to their first classes.
“You’ll get over it,” Dagdron replied.
 Earl had been up very early, polishing his boots and sword. The rogue and warrior walked to the entrance hall together, where Earl headed up the stairs of the classroom tower. As soon as Earl was among the throng of other warriors, he stumbled, clanging his sword with another boy’s. Dagdron shook his head, wondering how Earl was ever going to fight with a heavy sword.
Dagdron joined a couple of other rogues heading downstairs to the dungeon area of the classroom tower. He walked silently, putting the hood of his cloak on as he went. He walked down the left hallway until he reached a doorway where a stocky, muscular bald man with dark eyes was standing. As he approached, Dagdron took a double take at the man. He was wearing black pants, a black shirt, and a black cloak, but his hood was off and the sleeves of his shirt were rolled up. The man’s face, head, and arms were almost entirely covered in scars.
“Hoods off in my class!” the man said with a deep voice. He reached out and yanked Dagdron’s hood off, so the boy quickly blanked his face so the teacher didn’t see the look of shock he was giving the scars.
Dagdron was one of the last first years there, so he was forced to sit on the front row. The other rogues had rapidly filled up the back to have the advantage of seeing their fellow thieves in front of them. In the corner of the room was a table covered with targets, a mannequin, lock picks, and other roguish paraphernalia.
When all the rogues were seated, the muscle man closed the door and headed to the front of the room.
“From now on you will have your hoods off before you reach my classroom!” the man said loudly. “All of you may have thought I didn’t see your expressions underneath your hoods, but I did. So it should come as no surprise to any of you that I go by the name Scar, which is what all of you will call me.”
The room of rogues kept their faces expressionless, but many of the students kept glancing over at the exciting-looking objects in the corner.
“Stop looking over there right now!” Scar said. “If any of you think that you are anywhere near close enough to even be messing with the traps, dagger targets, or other real-life simulations, you are much mistaken.”
Dagdron slouched in his chair, keeping his stare locked on Scar’s face. The teacher was looking around the room as he spoke, taking turns making eye contact with the other rogues. Each time one of the students looked away, he chuckled.
“I know each of you has your own dagger,” Scar continued, “and I’m sure you each have a lock pick already stashed somewhere on you, but it’s always smart to keep a few spare ones in case one breaks during a tight situation, so I’m going to give each of you a few state-of-the-art academy lock picks.”
The teacher started up and down the rows, glaring at the students as he handed each of them a few lock picks.
“Always bring your dagger and lock picks to class. If we are ever in the middle of training and one of you doesn’t have a lock pick to practice, you will severely regret it.”
Scar walked back to the front of the room when he finished handing out the lock picks.
“I’m sure most of you are wondering what someone like me is doing teaching rogue skills at the Adventurers’ Academy. Obviously, you should have been able to deduce that as far as thieving goes, I was caught quite often. Fortunately for me, I’m strong enough to withstand a lot more than any of you are. Does anyone here wish to take me on in a dagger fight right now?”
Scar pulled out a sharp dagger and started looking around the room again. His vision came to the front row. Dagdron maintained his expressionless stare, thinking about the perfectly roundness of Scar’s bald head, instead of thinking about how uncomfortable it could be to maintain eye contact.
The teacher finally moved his gaze to the next student, the shortest rogue in the room. While the rest of class had dark hair, this rogue’s stood out as if it glowed since it was blond. He only lasted a few seconds before looking toward the rough dagger in the teacher’s hand.
“That’s what I thought,” Scar said. “And, that being the case, all of you need to learn the necessary skills so that you can avoid any sort of fight whenever possible. You may think that you are the sneakiest, most silent, stealthiest rogue to ever live, but that is not true. New traps and locks are always being invented. If you are not in the proper shape and state of mind, then once you get out in the real world, you will never be a hero. Your life as an adventurer will be short lived.”
Scar slowly walked from the front of the room toward the doorway.
“So, although I may not have had the scrawny body frame to properly be a rogue, the headmaster has allowed me to teach here for so many years because I have real rogue experience, in addition to a completely fit physique. Before we even think about getting into thievery skills, each of you must be in tip-top shape. If you are forced to flee from a situation and you are so unfit and puny that you are gasping for breath and wheezing, then no matter how stealthy you are, you will soon be caught. We are going to start immediately rectifying the sorry shape you have all arrived in. Last one there has toilet duty for a week!”
Scar rushed out of the room. There was a momentary lull in the classroom as all the rogues looked around, wondering if they were really supposed to follow. Then there was a mad rush as all the thieves in black cloaks raced to the door. Being at the front of the room, Dagdron was toward the back of the pack. There were a few cloaks grabbed from behind and some other cheap shots. Dagdron even saw a couple of daggers flash out from beneath cloaks, so he hurried to the wall and slid along it, pushing his way to the door so he wasn’t last.
Once out in the hallway, Dagdron saw Scar waiting at the bottom of the stairs of the classroom tower. As the jostling group of rogues neared him, he started running up the stairs. As they went, the group of thieves thinned out as they tired down. Scar kept yelling a variety of insults at them as he noticed how slow they had gotten. He first led them up the classroom tower, passing the fighter and magic-user classrooms. When they were back down, Scar led them across the main floor of the academy to the teachers’ tower. Dagdron tried not to breathe too hard as he strove to ignore the sharp pain in his side on his way up the stairs. The sixth floor was covered in cobwebs and dust, but Scar gave them a moment’s rest next to a door with “Scar” knifed into it. All the rogues were wheezing and coughing. Scar didn’t seem to mind when most of the group spit phlegm onto the floor almost in unison.
“Welcome to my floor,” Scar said. “You know how I stay in such good shape? Because I go up and down these stairs every time I leave and every time I come home. That’s how you keep your physique!”
Scar started them running again, back down the teachers’ tower and over to the boys’ tower. Each of them had to touch the brilliant blue door of the headmaster on the top floor, before heading back down to the first years’ landing. One by one the rogues came down and collapsed to the floor. Dagdron was lucky enough to be one of the first there, so he slouched down, resting his back and head against the wall. When the last rogue came down—the blond-haired boy who had looked away from Scar’s face within seconds—the teacher just stood there shaking his barely sweating bald head.
“Weaklings!” Scar said. “You’ll be no good to learn anything for the rest of the day. Get out of my sight! Cort, you have bathroom duty!”
Scar watched as each of the rogues struggled to pull himself to his feet and headed down the corridor to their rooms. As soon as Dagdron was in his bedroom, he took off his cloak and lay down on the chilly stone floor to sleep.

“Dagdron! Dagdron!”
Dagdron slowly opened his eyes and saw Earl sitting on the bed above him and shaking him. Every single muscle in his body hurt.
“It was a glorious day!” Earl exclaimed. “The first-year warriors already started on sword and shield use in class today!”
“Why did you wake me up?” Dagdron said, unable to hide the annoyance from his face.
“How long have you been asleep? Did you skip your afternoon classes? Headmaster Gwauldron is going to get upset with you again.”
“I went to class.”
“I saw you run past my classroom.”
“Running was all Scar made us do.”
“Scar!” Earl exclaimed. “I’ve heard of him. Is it true that ninety-five percent of his body is covered with scars?”
“Probably,” Dagdron said.
“Let’s go! I’m starved. I don’t want to be late for dinner.”
“I’m not even hungry. I feel sick.”
“You’ll get used to it. My muscles are sore, too. There’s a brisket feast for the first day of classes. Come on!”
Dagdron let Earl pull him to his feet, and they walked down to the eating chamber. As they entered, Byron, Gordon, and Landon were near the doorway.
“Run! Run!” Byron said in a mocking voice.
Dagdron was still so tired that he let an expression of displeasure cross his face, but the braggart was distracted when Elloriana entered after.
“Hello, Elloriana,” Byron said, bowing his head.
“Byron,” Elloriana said in a flirtatious voice before walking right past him.
Dagdron and Earl walked up to the platform to get a plate of brisket and carrots.
“I’m surprised you’re not getting Elloriana her food, too,” Dagdron said as they sat down.
“I already explained it to you. I have to be nice to her. She’s the princess of Lordavia. I can’t burn those kinds of bridges,” Earl explained.
Dagdron didn’t reply and looked down at his plate. He was still feeling so sore that he didn’t think he could get more than a few pieces of beef brisket down.

The rogue classes were exactly the same the rest of the week. Scar would use a short section of class explaining rogue skills, sharing a thieving experience, or insulting the class about how pathetic they were. At different times during the lesson, Scar would walk toward the door, sometimes just faking the rogues out and returning to the front, or other times hurrying out the door. If anyone stood up when he really wasn’t leaving, Scar made them stand in the front corner of the room farthest from the door. No matter when he chose to sprint out of the room, though, the majority of class time was spent running around the academy and up and down the towers. Tuesday and Wednesday were especially rough days because the thieves were running with sore muscles. Cort just couldn’t keep up, and Scar really let him have it at the end of each day. Scar still hadn’t made them come for afternoon class time because he was sure the rogues were too exhausted to learn anything adequately.
Dagdron had a slight hope that maybe Earl would be disappointed with his classes, but each day the warrior returned with stories of magnificent experiences. When Dagdron heard this, he lost even more hope of ever finding a way to leave the academy, so, little by little, he started accepting he would have to be there for the long haul.
On Friday, after the rogues had run up all the towers, Dagdron walked down to the entrance hall instead of returning to his bedroom. He hadn’t explored the grounds around the academy yet, so he went through the archway between the eating hall and boys’ tower. A long narrow corridor ran to a door, which lead to the back lawn where there was a scattering of trees. He walked to the fence and looked up at the mountain above. The snow was slowly edging farther down. Dagdron walked along the fence and suddenly saw the perfect tree. The trunk was thick, strong, and gnarled, giving it the appearance of being ancient and magical. Even the lowest branches were moderately high up, but the tree still looked very climbable to Dagdron. He ran forward, used one foot to jump up and back from the trunk so that he could reach the lowest branch to pull himself up. The tree still had its leaves, so up among the branches, Dagdron felt completely hidden just like in his cave in Cliffmount. He climbed to the middle of the tree where two of the branches created a natural seat. When he extended his legs, his feet rested comfortably on another branch and he could lean his head back on a branch behind him.
Dagdron was excited to have found a hideout for himself. He figured that when the indoors of the academy were making him too claustrophobic, or when Earl was talking too much, he could escape here. He jumped down from the tree and walked to the back door. As he went, he noticed movement in one of the lower windows of the boys’ tower. He looked up and saw that one of the warrior guards was watching him. Dagdron grumbled as he went inside. The warriors, lady warriors, magicians, and enchantresses were out of class now, too, and most were socializing about their plans for the weekend.
Dagdron spotted the woman in the yellow robe who had given the tour of the academy, so he walked over to her.
“How can I speak with the headmaster?” Dagdron asked her.
“First of all, even rogues need to address me by my proper name,” the woman said.
Dagdron was silent because he hadn’t paid attention to her name during the tour or when Earl had said it.
“My name is Enchantress Higgins,” she replied.
“Enchantress Higgins, how can I speak with the headmaster?”
“You can’t. Students can only meet with Headmaster Gwauldron by invitation,” Enchantress Higgins said.
“It’s important,” Dagdron said, trying to maintain calm in his tone of voice.
“I’m sorry,” the woman replied.
“I’m actually right here, so it won’t be a problem,” the headmaster suddenly said, appearing through the crowd of students. “Thank you, Enchantress Higgins.”
The headmaster moved to the side of the entrance hall and Dagdron followed.
“How was your first week of classes?” the headmaster asked.
“I didn’t expect so much running, but it was all right,” Dagdron said.
“What do you want? Obviously a rogue wouldn’t have answered so politely unless he wanted something.”
Dagdron strove to keep his face expressionless before talking. “I’ve been feeling a little claustrophobic inside the academy, so I found a tree outside that I would like to use as a...”
“Hideout?” the headmaster finished when Dagdron paused.
“Yeah. It’s in the back area not far from the fence, so I wanted to let you know that I’m not trying to escape.”
“Gnarled trunk and lots of branches.”
Dagdron nodded his head.
“As long as you remain inside the fence, that won’t be a problem.”
Dagdron nodded again before leaving to go back outside. He walked across the back lawn to the tree. He whipped out his dagger and carved DAGDRON into the bark on the trunk, claiming it as his own.

Chapter 7: Wench

Throughout the rest of September, Dagdron’s muscles became more accustomed to running. Most of the other rogues were getting in better condition as well, which made Scar’s runs easier. Cort was still usually last, but even he wasn’t throwing up anymore.
During afternoon class time, Scar also started giving them more practical exercises that had to do with roguery. Dagdron was surprised at how well his father had already prepared him in the trade. Before, he had thought his dad was just showing him his way of life. He hadn’t realized he was teaching him all the things he would have to learn at the Adventurers’ Academy.
The first week of October, Scar led the class into the room across the hall. There was a wooden target leaning up against one wall, a door standing in the center, and a mannequin off to the right with rusty bells hanging on it.
“Before I say anything else,” Scar said. “The only piece of equipment in this room that will be impaled by any dagger is the target! If my door or my mannequin get slashed, cut, sliced, jabbed, or anything else by a dagger, you will pay for it!”
Without explaining anything more, Scar walked to the middle of the room. He threw his dagger hitting the center of the bull’s eye on the target. Then, he turned, picked the lock on the door in a few seconds, before walking to the mannequin and pulling a pouch of coins from the pocket without slowing down at all and without ringing a single bell.
“That’s how it’s done,” Scar said. “Three groups, get practicing.”
Dagdron joined the group starting at the target, each with their own dagger at the ready. Most of the rogues were very good at dagger throwing since practicing was easy anywhere. All you needed was a tree or other target. Dagdron had thrown his dagger around Cliffmount all day sometimes, when his father was gone. Unfortunately, just hitting the target wasn’t what Scar had in mind.
“Throw them again!” Scar yelled. He had been wandering from group to group to group, observing and “encouraging” loudly. “None of you hit the bull’s eye! You think any of those throws are going to win a dagger throwing bet? What if you’re trapped and have to throw accurately? Throw again!”
Dagdron’s group kept taking turns at throwing their daggers until Scar announced for them to switch stations. At the lock-picking door, Dagdron quickly found that he was by far more experienced than the other rogues. When Dagdron was very young, his father had stolen a few different kinds of doorknobs and other locking devices that he left in the cave for practice. And while he hadn’t taken him to the village often to practice on real doors, he had done it a handful of times over the years. So, while Dagdron picked the lock easily, most of the other rogues didn’t even seem to know how to approach it, which brought them a loud rant from Scar.
At the pickpocketing station, Dagdron found he was much skilled as well. Most of the rogues had nicked stuff throughout their lives, but other than Dagdron, no one could quickly get the pouch out of the mannequin’s pocket without shaking it and making the rusty bells clank. Dagdron’s dad had often taken him to the village in Cliffmount, watching over him as he pickpocketed strangers. Dagdron was caught quite often at first, but his dad always played the part perfectly of a distressed father, wondering how his son had turned into a thief. Over the years, Dagdron had gotten pretty good at pickpocketing even though his father always told him to only do it if he was really in need.
Other than the practical training, the most uncomfortable activity so far occurred in mid-October when Scar took the thieves individually into another classroom where he tied them to a chair and yelled threatening insults at them. The idea of the activity was to help the rogues learn to withstand harsh and intense situations while still being able to maintain their expressionless composure. Dagdron started feeling a little worried when not only Cort, but a few others, too, came back crying.
When it was his turn, Scar gave Dagdron a shove in the back as they entered the room together. Then the muscular man forced him to the chair in the middle of the room and tied his hands behind it.
“You no good piece of trash!” Scar yelled.
Dagdron quickly remembered what his dad had always told him. Whenever you’re in a tough situation, remember a happy time or place. Dagdron let his mind wander back to his cave then to his new tree hideout.
Scar continued yelling random insults at him, getting his face nearer and nearer each time, but Dagdron didn’t even flinch as he remembered how frustrated Earl had been getting as of late, trying to find him after classes. Dagdron kept telling him that he had finally accepted the fact that he was going to be an adventurer, so he spent extra time in the rogues’ classrooms. Earl had quickly gone to look for him there and found out he was lying, but he still hadn’t found his tree hideout yet.
“You’re boring,” Scar said, turning around and walking toward the door.
Dagdron let his face brighten slightly, so Scar quickly turned back around.
“Ha! Are you going to lose your composure at a single ridiculous complement?” he said, hurrying back to Dagdron and sticking his face close to his.
Dagdron tried to let his mind drift again, feeling grateful that Scar’s breath didn’t stink.
Scar pulled out his dagger, gently ran the flat of the blade against each of Dagdron’s cheeks, before sticking the edge against his neck. Dagdron had no idea if this activity would include withstanding physical pain, so he tensed up a little.
“That’s right,” Scar said. “You don’t know if I’m really going to hurt you or not.”
Scar went through another round of insults, pushing his dagger into different areas of Dagdron’s body.
“Not bad, Dagdron,” Scar said. “You can go.”
Dagdron didn’t know if it was really over or not, so he just sat there trying to keep the questioning look off his face.
“I said you can go!” Scar yelled.
Dagdron started struggling to untie his hands, and Scar finally undid the knots for him, and the young rogue hurried from the room.

The evening after Scar had verbally abused him, Dagdron reconfirmed to himself that he had no desire to be an adventurer if it would involve being tied up, so he headed to his tree hideout, which had now turned yellow and orange fall colors. He stretched out up in the tree, tossing his dagger up in the air and catching it again. During one throw, the dagger’s blade stuck in a higher branch, so Dagdron climbed up to get it. When he was about to climb back down, he heard soft footsteps in the distance, so he crouched on the branch, peering through the leaves. At first he thought the headmaster had sent a guard to check up on him, but then he saw the flowing robe and hair of Elloriana. She looked at the tree momentarily, and then sat down, leaned her back against the trunk, and started reading a book.
Dagdron scowled down at her, but remained in a crouching position as he thought about what was best to do. Maybe if he just waited patiently and quietly, Elloriana wouldn’t notice him and would never return to the tree.
Dagdron didn’t have to wait long before Elloriana was distracted by some much louder, clumping footsteps crossing the grassy area behind the academy. The rogue knew who it was even before Earl clanged into view.
“Oh, sorry, Princess Elloriana,” Earl said. “I didn’t know you were here.” He kept looking all around, almost tripping over his feet.
“Do you know Byron very well?” Elloriana asked.
“Not too well. We just have classes together.”
“You didn’t tell him anything about me?”
“Well... Just that you would never want to live in Bodaburg with him,” Earl explained nervously.
“Why would you say that to him?” Elloriana asked.
“I don’t know. I don’t even remember what the conversation was about.”
“You have no right to tell anyone in this academy anything about me. Royalty deserves their privacy!”
“Sorry, Princess,” Earl said.
A yellow leaf dropped down from the tree close to Earl, so he glanced up and caught a glimpse of a black cloak.
“There you are, Dagdron!” Earl said loudly. “I’ve been looking all over for you!”
“What?” Elloriana said, jumping to her feet.
Dagdron rolled his eyes and adroitly climbed down the tree.
“You were spying on me?” she continued as Dagdron appeared.
“What are you doing, Earl?” Dagdron said, ignoring Elloriana. “I was waiting for her to leave so I could sneak down.”
“Why are you hiding out in the tree?” Earl said. “Don’t you want to socialize with the other rogues and other first-year students?”
“No,” Dagdron said.
“I can’t believe you were spying on me!” Elloriana repeated, refusing to be ignored.
“I wasn’t spying on you,” Dagdron said. “I was here first.”
“Like I’d ever believe that!” Elloriana said, huffing.
“This is my tree! Stay away from it!” Dagdron said.
“I don’t see your name on it!”
“Look a little closer.”
Elloriana looked at the trunk and saw where Dagdron had carved his name. She lifted her hand and a flame spell shot out, burning her own name over Dagdron’s on the bark.
“What are you doing, wench!?” Dagdron said. He hurried over and jabbed the bark out of the tree with his dagger. He couldn’t stand to see Elloriana’s smoldering name on his tree.
“I’m going to tell the headmaster you were spying on me,” Elloriana said.
“I’m really scared,” Dagdron said. “Why don’t you go hang out with your richy boyfriend, Byron? You can both use your money to buy your own tree.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Everyone in the academy knows what a spoiled brat you are,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana looked momentarily taken aback, then she looked at Earl. “Is that true, Earl?”
Earl’s mouth dropped open but he didn’t say anything.
“Now you decide to not say anything?” Dagdron said to Earl. “You’re always telling me how snobby her entire family is.”
Earl’s mouth was still wide open as he shook his head back and forth.
“Whatever,” Elloriana said. She sat back down, leaned her back against the tree, took out her diary, and started writing.
“Wench,” Dagdron repeated before heading back toward the academy with Earl clumping noisily behind him.

* * *

Dagdron kept his hood on at all times around Earl for the last couple of weeks of October. He wasn’t quite as upset as Earl thought he was, but keeping his head covered made Earl paranoid about it.
“The first chance I get to talk with Headmaster Gwauldron, I’m going to suggest that rogues be prohibited from wearing their hoods inside their bed chambers,” Earl said one morning before they headed off for breakfast. “It’s just not right to have your face covered when you’re talking to someone.”
“We’re not talking, so that’s a non-issue,” Dagdron replied. He was sitting on his bed with his back against the wall.
“I’ve already told you I’m sorry I ruined your tree hideout, but I didn’t tell Elloriana about it. She was there before me.”
“I don’t want to talk about it!” Dagdron said. He felt dumb for being so emotional, but Elloriana was still sitting under his tree and he was furious about it. Each day he had to stab out Elloriana’s name that she kept burning in the bark, and re-carve his own name.
“The only reason I was even trying to find you is because I’m trying to give you all the support you need while you come to terms with the fact that you’re an adventurer now.”
“I am not and never will be an adventurer.”
“See, you’re still in denial about it.”
Dagdron stood up and left the room, walking briskly so Earl couldn’t keep up with him. Classes weren’t too bad that day, but Dagdron spent most of the time scheming about ways he could make a firmer claim on his tree. 
When classes were over for the day, he went out to his tree. Elloriana was already sitting under it, so Dagdron scaled the tree immediately, and made his way to the branch that hung directly above the enchantress. Dagdron used his dagger to make a reclining seat on the branch so he could sit comfortably, and then he started tossing his dagger in the air. He smiled in the darkness of his hood when he saw Elloriana give a paranoid look upward.
Dagdron was used to occupying his time this way, so he continued to toss his dagger. He eventually saw Elloriana making subtle hand movements, no doubt casting some sort of protection spell above her head. But in the end, when she wasn’t getting any reading done, she moved to the other side of the trunk and started writing in her journal.
Taking this as a big enough victory for the day, Dagdron stayed where he was until he heard Earl coming. The rogue scurried higher up in the tree and crouched in a way that he would be difficult to see.
Earl peered up into the branches as soon as he reached the tree, but when he didn’t see Dagdron, he turned to Elloriana.
“Is Dagdron in the tree, Princess?” he asked.
“Of course, he is!” Elloriana replied.
“Well, I can’t see him up there.”
“Why are you always following him?”
“Because he’s my friend and roommate,” Earl explained.
“That doesn’t mean you have to follow him around all the time,” Elloriana said.
“That’s the first sensible thing that’s ever come out of your mouth,” Dagdron mumbled.
“I heard that!” Elloriana said.
“Hey, Dagdron, now I can see you!” Earl said. “Get down here. I have some important news to tell you, and I want to introduce you to someone.”
Dagdron silently climbed down until he could see Earl through the branches. A lady warrior with long blonde hair and blue eyes was standing just behind him. She was a couple of inches shorter than Earl, but was the most muscular fighter, boy, or girl, that Dagdron had seen at the academy.
“Oh, there is someone with you. I thought it sounded like you were making more noise than usual,” Dagdron said.
“I don’t make that much noise when I walk,” Earl said.
Elloriana snorted in disbelief, but didn’t say anything.
“Get down here!” Earl repeated. “I want to introduce you to my friend.”
“I’m not getting out of the tree,” Dagdron said, but he stuck his hooded head out of the leaves.
“Fine, but at least take off your hood for the introduction.”
“I’m not taking off my hood.”
“Dagdron, take it off!” Earl said. “I’m sick and tired of you wearing your hood all the time. It’s just rude, especially when you’re about to be introduced to a lady.”
“I’m not taking it off.”
“I’m going to climb up this tree and rip it off your head if you don’t!” Earl said.
“I’d like to see you try,” Elloriana said.
Earl looked over at her, disconcerted, but then turned to the lady warrior. “I’m really sorry about this, but I’ll be right back.”
It took him a few tries before he could even get a hold on the lowest branch, and then he struggled to pull the weight of his body, boots, and sword upward and onto the branch. Dagdron walked out nimbly on the branch he was currently on, so when Earl finally did get higher he was out of reach. When Earl started moving toward him, Dagdron realized that there was no way that his roommate had the coordination to walk out on the branch without falling, so he jumped out of the tree to the ground.
“Stop him, Lita!” Earl yelled.
Dagdron was so taken by surprise that he had no defense as the lady warrior grabbed him, threw him to the ground, and ripped his hood off his head before pinning him with her superior strength.
“Much better,” Earl said when he finally got back down. Lita cautiously released Dagdron as Earl helped him to his feet. “Dagdron, I would like you to meet my friend, Lita Valk,” he continued formally. “She’s from Thornrim.”
Dagdron gave a quick nod with his un-hooded-head.
“My pleasure,” Lita said, forcing Dagdron into a hearty handshake.
“Lita and I have been comparing the different sword techniques that are being taught in the warrior and lady warrior classes. And she has agreed to help me convince you that being an adventurer is the best way of life,” Earl said.
Elloriana snorted and chuckled.
“Be quiet, wench,” Dagdron said.
“Stop calling me that!” Elloriana yelled, glowering over her shoulder.
“Hurry and tell me the news,” Dagdron said, ignoring Elloriana and keeping his face expressionless.
“The official dates for the Winter Carnival have been posted!” Earl said.
“Who cares?” Dagdron said.
“All the mountain passes are going to be completely snowed over in a few weeks. There’s always a big fair in Bodaburg so everyone can get all the supplies they need and round up enough positive spirit to last through the winter. It’s a huge hurrah all week long!”
“Thanks for letting me know,” Dagdron said. He put his hood on and headed back to the castle, leaving Earl with a confused expression.

That same night, Dagdron woke up close to midnight. Overall, he had been sleeping very well on the floor during his time at the academy, but every once in a while he was woken up by Earl’s sleep talking. That night the warrior boy was chattering about a quest where he had to rescue a spoiled boy trapped by a magical creature. Dagdron finally got fed up with Earl’s muttering, so he headed down the tower and went outside to his tree. He lounged back on his resting branch, tossing his dagger up in the air and using the gleam of the blade to judge when to catch it in the darkness.
Dagdron heard footsteps and, for a minute, wondered if Earl had followed him, but then realized they were much too quiet to be his roommate’s. He crouched on the branch to look through the leaves. Three warriors were walking across the back yard of the academy toward his tree, but they stopped a short distance away. It was Byron and his two friends.
“I need to know if you guys really want to be involved in this,” Byron said.
“Of course, Byron,” Gordon said. “You know we’ll fulfill our duty.”
Landon nodded his head in agreement.
“I don’t mean because my father ordered you to,” Byron said. “I’m asking this separate from all of that. If you’re involved in this, you have to be willing to do whatever we have to, and you have to keep it a secret from everyone.”
“You know we will,” Landon said.
“If I tell you about this, there’s no turning back, ever,” Byron said.
Gordon and Landon nodded as Byron stepped closer to them and started whispering. Dagdron held his breath, hoping to hear, but he couldn’t make out the quiet voice from where he was. When Byron was done talking, he pulled out his sword. He extended it in the middle of the circle of three. The other two warriors pulled out their swords and touched the tips to Byron’s. They lifted their swords upward, and then sheathed them.
Dagdron watched them go back inside the academy before climbing down the tree. He had very little interest in the secrets of richies so he just headed back to his bedroom, feeling tired enough to face Earl’s night ramblings.

Chapter 8: Slitting Throats

In spite of the fact that Dagdron had absolutely no interest in the Winter Carnival, he quickly found out that the festival wasn’t just another one of Earl’s excitements about attending the academy. Every other student appeared to have heard of its legend, because that’s what everyone was talking about. As if it wasn’t frustrating enough at night when Earl rambled on and on about renowned events, performance, skirmishes, and other occurrences that had taken place during the Winter Carnival, now he had to hear enchanters, warriors, and even rogues telling stories in the hallways.
On Wednesday, the first week of November, as Dagdron was making his way to his afternoon classes, he found a large crowd of students in the entrance hall. He slid silently through the mob until, out of the corner of his eye, he saw Byron, Gordon, and Landon in the center. They were acting out what appeared to be a fabled battle that had occurred years ago during the Winter Carnival.
“I will slay these two rogues,” Byron said, slashing his sword toward Gordon and Landon, who were kneeling on the floor, pretending to have their hands bound behind them.
The girls were watching Byron dreamily as he gave his heroic speech, and even many of the guys were looking on with excitement, but Dagdron quickly turned to leave. When he had just about made it to the classroom tower, there was a combined gasp from the crowd.
“Oh, my heck!” Earl said from the other side of the hall.
After hearing his roommate’s voice, Dagdron turned to look. Standing at the front doors was a tall, blond-haired warrior holding a bag in his right hand. When he saw all the students looking at him, he struck a pose with his broad chest and shoulders puffed out, and he even winked his blue eyes at a couple of girls. Earl instantly pushed a pathway through the students, gave the warrior a strong handshake, and then escorted him to the center of the circle. Byron scowled at Earl, but no one seemed to notice since everyone was now looking at the fighter.
“I’m sure everyone already knows,” Earl announced proudly, “but I would like to welcome Kemp Balin back to the Adventurers’ Academy. He’s one of the best known heroes in all the land.”
The warrior puffed out his chest even more as he opened the bag he was holding and hoisted up a gray troll’s head so everyone could see it. A gasp ran through the crowd, and many exclamations of disgust came from the girls.
“It’s wonderful to be back in the academy, especially just in time for the Winter Carnival,” Kemp said in a very deep, manly voice. Even from across the hall, Dagdron got the feeling it wasn’t his real tone of speech.
As many students crowded closer and closer to the warrior, Dagdron saw Earl start to look around. As soon as he saw Dagdron, he motioned to him, so the rogue quickly slipped down the classroom tower stairs. There were only a few other rogues there, so Dagdron took a seat on the back row. He could tell that one of the other students must have told Scar about the distraction in the entrance hall, because he stood there looking furious, scowling at every rogue who walked in late.
“We have a very serious practical lesson today,” Scar said when everyone was finally seated, “and I find it ridiculous that even you rogues were taken in by Kemp’s troll head. Kemp is currently one of the best in the field, but you are at this school to learn skills so you can kill a troll yourself, not so you can fawn over another adventurer’s success.”
Dagdron remained expressionless, but in front of him, he saw more rogues than normal cringe under Scar’s glare. Scar said nothing else on the matter as he pulled a chair to the front of the room.
“Over the first few months of school, I have taught you proper throwing technique and other dagger uses, but I have not taught you the most important use of your dagger. Who can tell me what the true use of a dagger is?”
Scar remained silent as he looked around the classroom, waiting for someone to answer.
“Do you mean to tell me that everyone has heard of the wonderful Winter Carnival, but none of you can tell me what the number one use of a dagger is!?”
Scar pulled out his own dagger and was about to start walking in between rows, when Cort, who was still on bathroom duty, tentatively raised his hand.
“What?” Scar said.
“To slit throats,” Cort said.
It was the first time Dagdron had ever seen a look of surprise cross Scar’s scarred face.
“Yes, that’s correct,” Scar said.
Dagdron felt a surprised expression take over his own face, but when he saw Scar notice it and smirk, he quickly willed his face blank again.
“Dagger throwing can win you a bet, it can cause a distraction, and it can strike an enemy at a distance, but letting the dagger leave your possession will always be the less efficient way to use it. Keeping the dagger in your hand, completely under your control, is the proper use,” Scar said, putting his dagger away as he walked back to the chair he had put front and center. “Now, I am going to sit here, and each of you is going to sneak up behind me, place the edge of your dagger against my gullet, and say ‘I’ll slit your throat.’ Say those words exactly. You never want to use a phrase longer than that. Saying it short and to the point is what will strike fear in your enemies and let them know you mean to do exactly what you say. You will have three tries each time to get it right. When I deem you have said it correctly, you are free to leave class early to practice other thieving skills. After three tries, if you are still not saying it properly, you will return to your seat and have another go after everyone has taken a turn.”
Up until that point, Dagdron’s father had taught him just about every skill they had covered in class, but his dad had never mentioned slitting anyone’s throat. He couldn’t believe it. He often joked with Earl about slicing people, but Dagdron knew he could never really do that to anyone.
“Since you knew the proper use,” Scar said to Cort, “you can go first.”
Scar seated himself. Cort stood up slowly, but made his way behind the chair and sprang at Scar from behind, whipping out his dagger and placing it against Scar’s throat. Dagdron was shocked at the evil look that crossed the rogue’s face as he seethed, “I’ll slit your throat” in Scar’s ear.
Scar grabbed the arm of the rogue so he could twist around in the chair and look at him. The normal expression of fear covered Cort’s face, but Scar released his arm and said, “You’re free to go.” Cort quickly stored his dagger and hurried from the room.
Dagdron watched in horror as, one by one, his classmates snuck up behind Scar to slit his throat. Not everyone passed Scar’s evaluation on the first three attempts, but no one else showed any sign of having a problem saying the words.
Maybe they hate Scar for making us run so much, Dagdron thought. He knew Scar was a rough teacher, but he had never really felt any dislike toward him.
“Dagdron, you’re up,” Scar said.
Dagdron had been expecting to be one of the last ones to go since he was sitting in the back, but Scar was giving him an impatient look, so he hurried to the front of the room. He used proper sneaking technique to get close to Scar, but when he whipped out his dagger, all he could do was hold it a little in front of Scar’s throat and say the phrase in a normal voice.
Scar jerked around furiously. “Sit back down! You don’t even deserve your other two attempts with that wimpy effort!”
Dagdron had no idea what he was going to do. He loved being a rogue, he loved all the roguish things from sneaking around in the dark to pickpocketing, but he knew he could never slit anyone’s throat.
When all of the class had gone through the first time, only a third of them had been dismissed, so there were still quite a few classmates remaining when Scar called Dagdron up for his second round. Again, Dagdron snuck up perfectly behind Scar; he could tell his teacher wasn’t exactly sure how close he was. He hurried his dagger out and this time let it barely touch Scar’s skin.
“I’ll slit your throat,” Dagdron said.
“No one in the entire land will believe that you’re going to slit their throat if you don’t touch them with your dagger,” Scar said. “Try again!”
Dagdron repeated the routine, but he still couldn’t get himself to shove the edge of his dagger against Scar.
“Try again!” Scar yelled this time.
Dagdron took a deep breath, preparing to sneak again. This time when Dagdron whipped his dagger in front of Scar, the teacher grabbed hold of his wrist and pushed the blade against his own throat. Dagdron froze and didn’t even say the phrase.
“Sit down!” Scar yelled. He turned around to scowl at Dagdron, and the young rogue saw the blood dripping down his teacher’s neck.
“You’re bleeding!” Dagdron said with much more emotion than he wanted.
“I know! I should be! You were supposed to be trying to slit my throat!” Scar replied. “Sit down!”
Dagdron sat down and stayed there until all the other rogues had passed the class, since Scar didn’t call him back up again. When only he and Scar were left, his teacher called him forward. As Dagdron went, Scar stood up, picked up the chair, and threw it to the side of the room. 
“What were you thinking today?” Scar said. “Are you above my classes now? You’re too good for my practical exercises?”
“No,” Dagdron said calmly. “I’m never going to slit anyone’s throat.”
“You are such a girly rogue sometimes. It doesn’t mean you’re really going to kill someone. If rogues were wandering around slitting throat after throat, then they couldn’t be adventurers. But if you don’t say it like you mean it, then your enemy will easily overpower you. And you do have to be able to defend yourself. What are you going to do if someone is trying to kill you?”
“Who’s going to try to kill me?” Dagdron said.
“You might think adventuring is all glory and gold, but it’s not. You will find yourself in dangerous situations.”
“I don’t want to be a hero. I’m never going on a quest.”
“Hmm,” Scar said, putting his hands on his waist. “I only have myself to blame for being so naïve. Headmaster Gwauldron told me that you might say that in class, but up until now I guess I didn’t believe it since you’ve excelled at all the activities. My mistake. But I never make the same mistake twice! You have daily throat slitting homework.”
“What?” Dagdron said, scowling. “Who would I practice on even if I was going to do homework?”
“That’s for you to figure out. I’ll be checking up on you every night.”
Dagdron scowled in disbelief, but Scar didn’t say anything else and left the room.

Dagdron spent the rest of the day very disgruntled. After leaving class, he headed out to his tree and climbed to the very top so he wouldn’t be disturbed when the wench showed up. He had only slightly calmed down by the time Earl arrived.
“I’m taking you to dinner tonight, Dagdron,” Earl said happily.
“I’m not hungry,” Dagdron said from up in the tree.
“This dinner isn’t about food! Kemp is going to give a rousing speech.”
“Then I’m really not going,” Dagdron said as he started climbing down.
Earl wrestled with Dagdron verbally and physically as they walked back inside the academy, but Dagdron slipped out of his grasp and headed up to their room. It was a couple of hours later when Earl came, carrying a plate of food.
“Boy did you miss out!” Earl said, handing the plate to Dagdron. “I feel so inspired that I could go out right now and save any kingdom!”
“I don’t want to hear about it.” Dagdron started munching on his pork chop, and Earl kept talking about Kemp’s speech. Dagdron lay down on his bed when he was finished eating, trying to block out Earl’s voice.
A short while later, the door to their room opened, and Scar walked in, carrying a chair.
“Scar!” Earl exclaimed.
The rogue teacher nodded to Earl, but then turned to Dagdron, who had his hood on.
“Did you do your homework?” Scar asked.
“Dagdron, you have homework?” Earl said. “Why didn’t you tell me? I’ve just been rambling on and on. Or did you do it while I was at dinner?”
“That answers my question,” Scar said.
“Stop talking, Earl,” Dagdron said before addressing Scar. “I told you that I have no one to help me with my homework.”
“Yes, you do!” Earl exclaimed. “Me!”
Scar chuckled as he placed the chair in the middle of the room.
“You have always said you’ll do anything to help me become an adventurer,” Dagdron said, standing up.
“You know I will!” Earl said buoyantly. “But you do have to take your hood off.”
“Nope. This homework requires my hood to be on. Sit down.”
Earl sat in the chair as Scar moved to stand by the door. Dagdron crept up behind Earl and said, “I’ll slit your throat!” as he quickly placed his dagger against Earl’s gullet.
“Dagdron! Not so hard! Your dagger’s really sharp,” Earl said.
“Much better,” Scar said. “He needs to practice at least half an hour every night. Can you make sure of that, Earl?”
“Of course,” Earl responded even though he looked less sure than before.
“By the way,” Scar said as he was leaving. “First years are helping set up for the Winter Carnival in Bodaburg on Thursday. But that doesn’t mean you can skip your homework.”
Earl perked up in excitement, so Dagdron pressed his dagger into his throat.

Dagdron never knew homework could be so much fun. Each evening that week, Earl sat in the chair while Dagdron pretended to slit his throat. Making Earl tense and nervous was just the kind of payback Dagdron wanted to give him for talking so much all the time. But, as soon as Scar checked up on him, Dagdron stopped his homework, and Earl never said a word about not doing it for a full half hour.
Thursday morning, Earl was awake bright and early, humming boisterously. As he was making his bed, he stumbled and accidently stepped on Dagdron.
“What are you doing up so early?” the rogue said from the floor.
“I was too excited to sleep. We get to help set up for the Winter Carnival in Bodaburg!” Earl exclaimed.
Dagdron rolled over so he wasn’t facing Earl and was planning on ignoring him for the rest of the morning, but Earl pulled him up off the floor so he could go to breakfast with him.
The eating hall was filled with excited first years eating eggs and sausages. Even many of the rogues were showing enthusiasm about helping with the Winter Carnival. Dagdron sat down next to Earl, and fortunately was able to eat his plate full of sausages uninterrupted since Earl had so many other people to talk with about the festival.
After breakfast, Earl dragged Dagdron with him along with the mob of other first years to the entrance hall where they were supposed to wait. Lita spotted them and came over. As Earl and Lita talked excitedly, Dagdron leaned against the wall while running his finger along the blade of his dagger.
Dagdron expected the headmaster to lead them to Bodaburg for such a big event, but Scar showed up with Kemp.
“Let’s get going!” Scar roared above the crowed.
“First, allow me to address them,” Kemp said. Scar scowled at him, but he gave no notice. “You are about to take part in one of the most memorable experiences of your entire career here at the Adventurers’ Academy. I will never forget my times during the Winter Carnival. I know some of you have a poor attitude about helping out today, but cast your soreness aside and embrace what you’re about to do!”
Most of the crowd was enraptured by the speech, but Dagdron had heard enough, so he started pushing against Earl and Lita, forcing the crowd to start forward. Scar took the opportunity and opened the front door of the academy, so the mob of first years could follow him down the pathway to Bodaburg.
Kemp was in the middle of the pack, but he hurried forward to walk side by side with Scar. As soon as they got to the city gates, Scar grouped them into foursomes, and they had to start hammering wooden booths and awnings together that the merchants would use during the carnival.
Dagdron, Earl, and Lita were assigned with an enchantress, who eagerly started talking to Earl and Lita about the festival, but she didn’t address Dagdron at all and he didn’t pay attention to what her name was. When they got to their assigned place, Earl handed Dagdron a hammer, but the thief ignored him, and drew out his dagger to hammer nails with the hilt.
Since his three companions were too busy talking about their plans for the festival as they worked anyway, Dagdron scanned the shops and buildings. All the shopkeepers were getting ready for the carnival as well, decorating their stores more festively and repainting their signs. Dagdron didn’t know why he kept feeling surprised. After a week of hearing about nothing else, he should have realized that the Winter Carnival was taken very seriously by everybody.
Dagdron heard a laugh across the street, and he looked to see Elloriana and Byron sitting on the steps of one of Earl’s favorite weapons shop while Gordon and Landon built the booth. Byron had picked a light blue flower and given it to the enchantress, who was smiling. Dagdron was about to yell out “wench” when a commotion came from the gates, and a train of wagons rolled into town. Everyone paused to watch as the group of merchants went by, carrying supplies: weapons, meats, cheeses, sweets, and other foods. At the very end of the caravan, an ornately decorated carriage stopped at the gate. The driver jumped down and helped a richly dressed man and woman get out.
“What are they doing here?” Dagdron said.
“They’re part of the royal family from Lushmere. It’s south of Lordavia,” Earl explained. “Their son is in his second year at the academy.”
“But why would they come to the Winter Carnival?”
“Dagdron, I told you that this is the last hurrah before winter. A lot of parents come to the carnival because it’s the last time they can see their kids until springtime.”
“Really?” Dagdron said. “Does that mean the wench’s father and mother are coming, too?”
“Yes, I believe King and Queen Loftloomburg are coming.”
Dagdron again chided himself for not catching on sooner. The Winter Carnival was a huge event that would be filled with merchants and rich people. And where there were lots of merchants and rich people...
“Dagdron!” Earl said. “I’ve seen that look before.”
“I’m so sorry for not understanding sooner. You were right. The Winter Carnival is going to be great,” Dagdron said, hammering his nails with more energy.
“Dagdron! Get it out of your mind right now! I am not going to allow you to...” Earl said, but Dagdron stopped listening because all he could think about were merchants and rich people... A rogue’s dream come true.

Chapter 9: The Winter Carnival

“Dagdron, wait!” Earl exclaimed. “Lita was going to come with us!”
“Where did all these people come from?” Dagdron said, trying not to let the emotion in his voice show too much.
“No matter how many times I told you how big the Winter Carnival was, you still didn’t believe me, did you?” Earl replied. 
Earl grabbed the back of Dagdron’s cloak as they neared the gate to Bodaburg. Hordes of merchants, performers, and other visitors were already swarming the streets. 
“I didn’t believe it because I didn’t think there was enough space for everyone.”
“Well, they pack the inns as full as possible, you’ve seen all the alumni adventurers that stay at the academy, and most of the wealthy families have connections here, so they stay with friends.”
“I knew all these richies wouldn’t stay in a packed-full inn,” Dagdron said.
“Dagdron, your stereotypes are unfounded...” Earl began, but Dagdron slinked forward through the gates and crowd, so the warrior stopped talking, more worried about keeping a hold on his friend’s cloak. Only when they were surrounded by people did Dagdron stop.
“I already told you that I’m not letting you out of my sight,” Earl said, pulling Dagdron’s hood off.
“And I already told you that none of these people have any more right to gold coins than I do,” Dagdron said.
“Yes, they do. They worked for their money.”
“No, they inherited it like every richy.”
“Stop saying that, Dagdron,” Earl said, finally showing annoyance in his voice. “You know very well that my family proves that theory wrong. How many times have I told you the story of how hard my father worked to become an earl?”
“Way too many times,” Dagdron replied, slowly sneaking his dagger out of his cloak.
“Put that away!” Earl said, forcing Dagdron’s hand back inside his robe.
For some reason Dagdron had thought Earl would be too distracted by the carnival to really follow him, but now he understood that forcing him to live honorably was even more important than having fun at his first Winter Carnival at the academy.
“Earl, you’re not even enjoying the festival,” Dagdron said.
“I’m enjoying it just fine,” Earl said, smiling as he turned to look at a man juggling a sword, shield, and lemon pie.
They had just arrived, but Dagdron already felt the time ticking away. He had to think of something fast if he was going to pickpocket as many people as he could. Just then, Dagdron saw Lita through the crowd.
“Lita!” Dagdron yelled.
Earl looked slightly worried as Lita elbowed her way toward them, but it was Dagdron who was disappointed when she arrived.
“There you two are,” she said, but then focused on Dagdron. “I knew Earl wouldn’t have left without me unless he was forced to follow you. I’m here to help him make sure you keep your honor during the entire Winter Carnival.”
Dagdron scowled as he put his hood back on. How the heck was he supposed to avoid two of them? But before he even had a chance to think of his options, a loud voice boomed over the bustle of the crowd.
“Earl!”
Dagdron and Lita looked over, along with the warrior, as a nicely dressed man and woman appeared shortly after. The man had blond hair and a broad frame, but had obviously let himself go over the years, since his belly pooched out. The woman had a dainty frame, blonde hair, and blue eyes. The man was wearing dark red royal clothing, and the woman a maroon-colored dress.
“Mom and Dad?” Earl exclaimed. “I thought you weren’t going to make it!”
“We weren’t going to, but King and Queen Loftloomburg knew you were here, so they invited us to come with them,” Earl’s father replied. “They’re as polite and considerate as ever. We found a very comfortable room at the Glorious Quest Inn.”
“That’s wonderful,” Earl said as he gave his father and mother a huge hug. “It’s perfect timing, too. I’ve written so much about them in my parchments home, so I’m especially honored to introduce you to my roommate, Dagdron, and my friend, Lita.”
“You write about me?” Dagdron said.
“I’ve told them all about your struggle coming to terms with being an adventurer,” Earl explained.
“I’m not going to be an adventurer,” Dagdron said.
“We’re still working on it together,” Earl said, chuckling slightly as he noticed the somewhat appalled look his mother was giving Dagdron.
“We, in turn, are honored to meet you,” Earl’s father said.
He extended his hand and Dagdron shook it. Earl’s mother was slow in reaching out her hand, so it gave Dagdron time to notice the multiple rings she wore. As he shook the hand, he stealthily slipped a ring with a large sapphire off one finger. The woman gave no notice, so he slid it into his pocket. As Earl beamed as Lita properly greeted his parents, Dagdron realized it was probably his only chance to escape before all four of them were keeping watch over him, so he darted off through the crowd. He heard a yell from Earl, but no pursuit, so he stopped when he was a little ways from Chesna’s magic shop, where a vendor was taking bets from onlookers, and then making wooden bowls disappear and reappear. If the payer could correctly identify the marked bowl, he could win double his money back.
Dagdron watched momentarily, and then slowly pulled out his dagger and headed back into the mob of people. When he approached the first merchant, Dagdron’s heart started pounding. He had never pickpocketed anyone with so many people around. He remembered what his dad had always told him: “Don’t let any nervousness show on your face. That’s what makes people suspicious. Stay calm and act casual, pick the pocket, and make a clean walkaway.”
Dagdron took a deep breath as he started forward. The merchant had his back turned, explaining his wares loudly to the shoppers. Dagdron glanced at the jewel-encrusted goblets and bowls, but then focused his attention on the coin purse hanging from the merchant’s belt. The rogue swiftly passed his dagger under the purse, cutting the bottom. He left his hand there to catch the load of gold coins that fell out, and then casually walked away as if nothing had happened. No one yelled and there was no commotion, so Dagdron mixed in with the crowd and went on his way, searching for his next target.
My father was right, Dagdron thought a couple of hours later as he ate a sugar-covered waffle he had just stolen from a stand. Dagdron had been so furious when his father insisted that he could provide a much better life for himself outside of Cliffmount, but now he understood. In a matter of hours at the Winter Carnival, he had filled both of his pockets with gold coins, had eaten as much food as his stomach could handle, and if he wasn’t given meals at the academy, he could have easily taken enough to last him for weeks.
Dagdron was about ready to set about spending his gold when he happened to walk by a stand owned by two vendors who were selling fancy and luxurious clothing.
“Oh, Mom, it’s so beautiful.” It was Elloriana. She was standing right next to her mother, admiring a dark purple gown. Elloriana looked much like her mother with the same facial features and long brown hair. Her father was standing a couple of feet away, showing no interest in the clothes as he looked around the crowd. He was tall with dark brown hair and a nicely trimmed brown beard and mustache. His belly stuck out slightly, but he still looked firmly built. Surrounding the three of them were four guards, wearing robes and carrying light-weight daggers.
“I think the color matches your skin tone perfectly,” Queen Loftloomburg said as she held the dress against her daughter. 
“The last challenge of the day,” Dagdron mumbled with a smirk under his hood.
He moved to the opposite side of the vendor station so that King Loftloomburg’s back was to him. One vendor was still intently focused on Elloriana and the queen, so when the other seller moved a couple of feet from the stall to try to entice other passersby to check out the clothes, Dagdron slipped amongst a group of dresses hanging from the stall. The rogue peeked at the king, and his eyes grew big when he saw the bulging coin purse hanging from his belt. He visually measured the distance to the king’s side, and calculated that his arm’s reach wouldn’t quite make it. He would have to expose himself momentarily from the cover of the dresses.
Dagdron peered at the guards. The two standing behind the king would see him for sure. He needed a distraction. He backed away from the dresses behind the stall and started frisking them. He finally found a sleek black dress that had beads forming a design on the front. He plucked a few of them off.
Beads in hand, Dagdron snuck back amongst the dresses where he could see the guards, but kept his right arm sticking out the back. He knew he had to throw the beads perfectly or it would be obvious where they came from. Dagdron counted to three under his breath, and then tossed the beads over the dresses. They landed directly behind the guards. Both of them turned to look. Dagdron was about to make a go for the king’s purse, when the second vendor suddenly turned back with a woman and her daughter, heading straight for where he was hiding.
With no other choice, Dagdron slinked back out of the dresses, keeping as still as a statue as the vendor started showing dresses to the ladies. If the vendor took down too many dresses, Dagdron knew he would be exposed, and would have to make a run for it.
“I’m not sure if it’s right for my daughter,” the woman said.
“I know she would look gorgeous in green. She must try it on,” the vendor said.
“Please, mama, let me at least try it on. I’ve always wanted a green dress.”
The mother conceded, and the vendor led them farther into the stall so the daughter could try on the dress.
Without hesitation, Dagdron was back among the dresses. The guards were back in position, but Dagdron saw the one closest to him rolling the beads in his fingers, and both of them were looking around, still wondering where the beads had come from instead of standing firmly at their posts. Dagdron knew it would be tough to time it, but he wasn’t going to back down from the challenge. He watched the guards’ eyes and, as soon as he saw them both looking in the opposite direction, he gave a quick dart out of the dresses, swung his dagger silently to cut the bands of the purse, and it dropped into his hand. He slunk back into the dresses just as quickly, but he must not have noticed where Elloriana was looking, because she let out a gasp and pointed.
“Thief!” the vendor helping the queen and Elloriana yelled.
The four guards all drew their daggers, and the king whipped around, unsheathing a jeweled dagger he had had concealed. Dagdron tried to think of everything his father or Scar had told him about escaping tight situations, but now that he was actually in one, he couldn’t decide what to do. A bunch of dresses was suddenly flung off the rack, and one guard started through the exposed area, so Dagdron saw no other choice but to grab a bunch of dresses himself. He tossed most of them at the face of the guard. The guard flipped his dagger back and forth, trying to get the clothes off him, so Dagdron jumped through the space in the rack. Another guard was waiting there for him, and brought the hilt of his dagger downward to bash Dagdron on the head, but the rogue dodged then jumped to the side where he flung the remaining dresses at the guard. As King Loftloomburg and the other two guards moved forward, Dagdron was able to slip into the current of people.
Dagdron felt more exposed than he ever had in his life as cries of “thief!” rang after him. A lot of people seemed to be staring directly at him, but he went along with the moving crowd, hoping that no one else would see fit to try and detain him. The crowd eventually jumbled up as they came to a man and woman who had colored themselves entirely in silver paint and were acting out a comedic lover’s spat. Dagdron took the opportunity to jostle through all the onlookers, paying no attention to the ones who grumbled at him or pushed him back. When he reached the opposite side, he sprinted as fast as he could down the main street of Bodaburg. For once in his life he mentally thanked Scar for all the running practice, because he made it swiftly down the street even with his pockets bulging with coins and carrying the large purse of King Wench.
As soon as he spotted an alleyway next to the tavern, he shot down it, taking cover behind a stack of discolored crates. The alley was a dump. There were boxes and garbage scattered everywhere, and stagnant water had pooled in different areas. A grate not far from Dagdron’s hiding place was letting out a putrid steam, and the walls were covered with a greenish slime.
As he breathed in silently to control his racing pulse, Dagdron knew his first Winter Carnival was over as he remembered his father’s words about what to do if you were ever spotted. He had to stay under cover until he could make a clean getaway back to the academy. Which, in this case, meant he would be in this alley until the streets of Bodaburg were completely bare.
Dagdron was just about to count the coins from King Wench’s pouch, when feet sounded in the alleyway. Dagdron crouched up, ready to run again, but the people didn’t come deeper into the alley, so he peered around the crates. It was Byron and the merchant that had been talking to all the students near the gate their first visit to Bodaburg.
“Are you ready to make the exchange?” Byron said.
“I’ve been ready far too long,” the merchant replied.
Byron held out a pouch, and the merchant took it, laying out his other hand flat and placing it there. The merchant cast an open spell, sending a small purple ball out at the bag, which began to untie itself. When it was open just enough for the merchant to look inside, it knotted itself closed again. The merchant then swung a much larger bag out from under his robe, and handed it to Byron. The fighter lifted the flap to look, and then nodded his head to the merchant. The robed man left the alleyway immediately. Byron waited a few minutes before exiting after.
Dagdron was uninterested in the exchanges between the wealthy, so he was about to sit back down when he felt a metal object press against his neck.
“I’ll slit your throat,” a wheezy voice said. “That’s a mighty lot of gold you have there.”
Chapter 10: Grizzard

Dagdron froze, but he could tell the dagger against his throat wasn’t sharp at all, so he quickly dropped the pouch of gold, lifted both hands, and forced the arm away. He heard the man behind him stumble and fall, so Dagdron picked up his pouch and whipped around.
“Of course,” the man said, wheezing from the ground. “All those people out at the carnival, and the one who wanders into my alleyway has to be the one rogue who’s smart enough to know my dagger isn’t much of a dagger anymore.”
The old rogue was wearing a shabby black cloak. He was smiling up at Dagdron from where he was lying. He was missing most of his teeth, and his gray hair was extremely thin.
“Are you okay?” Dagdron asked.
“I’m fine, sonny. Just a dried up old rogue, who only haunts this alleyway and lives off scraps from the tavern.”
Normally Dagdron wouldn’t let his guard down in case there was a sharper dagger hidden, but he sensed no threat from the old man, so he stepped forward and helped him up.
“Thank you, sonny. I’m old Grizzard by the way.” He held out his hand and Dagdron shook it, but didn’t reply with his own name. “It looks like you’ve done very fine out there at the carnival.” He motioned with his head to the pouch and to Dagdron’s pockets even though under his cloak Dagdron didn’t think anyone could tell they were filled with coins.
“Yeah, it was my first Winter Carnival,” Dagdron said.
“Ah, I remember those young days, but believe me, sonny, don’t get too greedy. That’s what will always get a rogue into trouble. And I assume that’s why you’re hiding in this here alley.”
“It was too good of an opportunity to pass up.”
“From that smile beneath your hood, I can tell you don’t mean a financial opportunity.”
Dagdron shook his head.
“For revenge, then?”
Dagdron shrugged his shoulders.
“Well, what else is there if not for money or revenge?”
“I like to inconvenience rich people,” Dagdron explained.
Grizzard let out a startling cackle from his almost toothless mouth.
“I like you more and more by the minute,” Grizzard said, patting Dagdron on the back. “Since you’ll be around for the next few years, stop by and see old Grizzard every once in a while.”
Dagdron was about to tell him that he wasn’t sure if he would stay all three years at the academy, but then he recognized a voice from the street. He quickly turned around and saw Earl walking by with his parents and Lita.
“That’s my ticket out of Bodaburg. I have to run,” Dagdron said.
“Run along, sonny, run along,” Grizzard said.
Dagdron took off, but stopped suddenly, pulled a handful of coins from his cloak, and threw them to Grizzard. The old man cackled as he gathered up the coins off the stained ground of the alley.
“Earl!” Dagdron yelled as soon as he exited the alleyway, hiding the coin pouch under his cloak.
Earl quickly stopped. He was holding the tavern door open for his parents and Lita. “There you are, Dagdron!” he said. He walked toward his friend to leave a little distance between his parents, and dropped his voice to a whisper. “I’m very disappointed in you. I’m sure you were the cause of all the commotion with King and Queen Loftloomburg.”
Dagdron ignored Earl and walked right by him. “Count and Countess Valorington, dinner’s on me!”
“Nonsense, Dagdron,” Earl’s dad said. “We wouldn’t dream of having you buy us dinner. Someday, when you’re a full-fledged adventurer, you can repay us the meal. I’m sure you’ll be visiting Lordavia quite often.”
“It’s a deal,” Dagdron said as Earl rejoined them and pulled Dagdron’s hood off his head.
Earl kept casting disappointed glances at Dagdron, but the rogue ignored him.
“Ah, the Bodaburg Tavern,” Earl’s father said when they were all inside. “It’s just like you described it, Earl.”
Earl momentarily shifted his focus from Dagdron as he excitedly talked about the tavern with his father. As they made their way across the packed pub, all their eyes were drawn to a group of men crowding around the bar.
“A tankard of Goblin’s Bile!” the bartender announced loudly, slamming a mug of greenish-yellow liquid in front of a burly man in the middle of the group. “Prove you’re a man!”
The man hoisted the tankard in the air before guzzling it down without taking a breath. The crowd encircling him took a step back as he finished. The man’s eyes turned red and his breath quickened as sweat poured down his face and steam shot out of his ears and mouth. He swayed back and forth for a full minute as the entire tavern watched in anticipation. The drinker suddenly stopped with a dazed looked, but then his eyes perked up and he lifted both arms in the air with a shout of triumph.
“We have a man!” the bartender yelled.
The cluster closed in on the victor, slapping his back with rowdy congratulation.
“Wow,” Earl said, shaking his head as if his eyes had just beheld the most amazing event they had ever seen.
“That will be you someday,” Dagdron said. “Fun.”
Before Earl could respond to his sarcastic remark, their attention was distracted at the bar again.
This time, they saw Kemp standing on one of the bar stools with a glass of mead in his hand.
“I am the greatest adventurer to ever come out of the academy,” he said, lifting his tankard skyward. “I have completed more quests than any other hero.”
From the looks Kemp was receiving from the patrons, Dagdron could only assume he had been rambling drunk for some time already. The bartender had already noticed the customer’s annoyance too, so he reached across the bar and gave Kemp a shove in the back. He fell from the stool, but still landed on his feet, though crashing against a table.
“Hello, ladies. Care to hear about my quests?” Kemp said.
The ladies pushed him away. Dagdron turned to look at Earl and, as he expected, his expression was now horrified. Dagdron knew Earl wouldn’t approve of such unbecoming behavior from an adventurer from the academy.
Earl’s mom looked appalled, too, but Earl’s father led them all to a table and sat down.
“It’s the Winter Carnival, so we’ll all have a hearty meal! A stuffed game hen for each of the ladies and a meat pie for us men!” Earl’s dad yelled out.
The bartender scowled toward them to accept the order. Earl’s father started boisterously recapping everything they had done at the carnival, while Earl continued to glance in Kemp’s direction.
“Earl, show Dagdron your satchel!” Earl’s dad said, shaking his son from his gawking.
“Dad, I already told you that fighters don’t carry satchels around. We can’t fight properly with them strapped around our shoulders,” Earl said, though he pulled out a light brown bag with an insignia with a V engraved on it.
“I’m sure you know best, but we brought it filled with all those goodies from Lordavia that I’m sure you don’t get at the academy,” Mr. Valorington said. “We even had our family’s emblem imprinted on it.”
“I’m grateful for that,” Earl said. “I will make good use of it, just not when I might be sword fighting.”
Dagdron watched as Earl slid the satchel back under the table. It was the first time he had seen Earl show any embarrassment about anything. Earl’s father continued talking loudly, telling Dagdron and Lita all about Lordavia. Dagdron listened, but kept glancing under the table at Earl’s satchel, as his friend kept looking toward Kemp, who was still walking unsteadily around the tavern, trying to find someone to tell about his quests.
The food arrived at the table, and Dagdron was shocked to see the size of his meat pie. Even if he hadn’t been eating all day long, he didn’t think he could finish the whole thing. Just as they were starting to eat, Countess Valorington let out a gasp.
“My sapphire ring! It’s gone!” she said.
Earl quickly looked at his mother’s hand then glared at Dagdron. It was the first time Dagdron had seen anger in his friend’s eyes.
“That’s it, Dagdron! You thief!” Earl said. He stood up from the table, grabbed Dagdron by the arm, and forced him to his feet.
“What, Earl?” Dagdron said.
Earl ignored him as he frisked every inch of his cloak and pants, but found them empty. Then he looked under the table and chairs.
“Earl, what has gotten into you?” Count Valorington asked. “Why in the land would you think Dagdron stole your mother’s ring?”
“I must have been mistaken,” Earl replied.
“Not all rogues are thieves,” Earl’s father said.
“We might fulfill our quests by secretive means, but that doesn’t mean we’re dishonorable,” Dagdron added. 
Earl’s dad smiled approvingly and patted Dagdron on the shoulder.
“You’re right,” Earl said. “I think I’m just exhausted from all the Winter Carnival excitement.”
“I’m sure it slipped from my finger amongst all the crowds,” Earl’s mom said. “I’m sorry to have raised such alarm.”
They ate the rest of the meal listening to Earl’s father talk more and more about Lordavia. Earl kept glancing between Kemp and Dagdron, who also noticed that Lita was eyeing him suspiciously, but the rogue didn’t let it bother him as he ate his huge meat pie.
When they were done with the main course, Earl’s father ordered custard for all of them. Kemp stumbled out of the tavern as they were finishing their dessert. Dagdron’s stomach was the fullest it had ever been in his entire life, and even he let out a groan as they stood up. When they exited the pub, Kemp was lying in the gutter outside, and that was just too much for Earl to take.
“We need to be getting back to the academy,” Earl said.
“I know,” Count Valorington said. “At least walk us back to the inn.”
Dagdron walked closely with them as they made their way toward the main gate of Bodaburg. There was still a scattering of people walking the streets, but many of the performers had stopped for the day, and only vendors selling desserts remained.
“That’s him!” a voice said as they walked by the gate.
Dagdron looked to see Elloriana pointing in his direction. The four guards of her family hurried forward and grabbed him, as King Loftloomburg followed with two Bodaburg officials. The officials quickly frisked Dagdron.
“There’s nothing on him,” one of the officials said.
“What is the cause of this, King Loftloomburg?” Earl’s father said, stepping forward.
“We were robbed earlier, and Elloriana was sure that he was the thief,” King Loftloomburg replied.
Earl’s father’s mouth dropped open. “I’m so sorry for the misunderstanding, but I can assure you that Dagdron has been with us the entire day. He’s Earl’s roommate at the academy. He just ate dinner with us.”
Dagdron dared a glance at Earl. He looked like he wanted to say something, but he kept his mouth shut.
King Loftloomburg motioned for the guards to release Dagdron. “I’m very sorry,” he said, though looking toward Earl’s father, not toward Dagdron. “Being robbed in broad daylight was quite a traumatizing experience for us all. We’ll hope the officials catch the real thief before the carnival is over.”
“It’s no bother, King Loftloomburg,” Earl’s father said. “I assure you that Dagdron is an adventurer of the highest honor.”
“Thank you, Count Valorington,” King Loftloomburg said.
He walked back with his four guards to where Elloriana and her mother were waiting.
“I am so sorry, Dagdron,” Earl’s father said.
“Don’t worry,” Dagdron said. “It’s been wonderful meeting you, but I’d better head straight back to the academy. Earl and Lita can see you to the inn.”
Earl’s father gave Dagdron a hearty handshake. Just as they were about to separate, Dagdron stopped Earl.
“Earl, I can take your satchel back for you. I could tell you didn’t want to be carrying it around,” Dagdron said.
“Thank you, Dagdron. You really are so observant,” Earl said. “I’m sorry I accused you earlier.”
“No problem.”
Earl handed the satchel to Dagdron, who quickly left through the gate and headed back up the sloped trail to the academy. As soon as he was back in his bedroom, Dagdron opened the satchel, took out King Loftloomburg’s pouch, and dumped the loose gold coins onto his bed along with a sapphire ring and some other jewels he had pickpocketed during the day. He stashed everything under his bed.
His stomach was still too full to do anything else, so he lay down on the floor. Earl arrived not long after, banging the door shut behind him. He rushed over to the bed where Dagdron had placed the satchel, opened it, and searched through it.
“I might be naïve,” Earl said, turning his angry glare on Dagdron, “but Lita isn’t. Where’s my mother’s ring? I know you hid everything in my bag. That’s why you were so eager to carry it for me.”
Dagdron reached under his bed, retrieved the ring, and tossed it to Earl.
“How could you steal from my own mother?” Earl asked.
“Really easily since she shook my hand like a frightened old lady.”
“You stole all that money from King Loftloomburg. It’s my duty as a citizen of Lordavia to report you.”
“Please do, then maybe I’ll get kicked out of this dumb academy. King and Queen Wench deserved it anyway for raising such a snobby richy as a daughter.”
Earl glared at Dagdron and then got ready for bed without saying anything else. When he got under his covers, Dagdron noticed that he didn’t talk and he didn’t even hum.
Dagdron thought back on his day, and realized that maybe being an adventurer wouldn’t be so bad. He could go on simple quests, but pass the time pickpocketing and stealing in every town he visited. These happy thoughts filled his head as he drifted off to sleep.

Dagdron didn’t know how long he had been asleep when the door crashed open. He groggily opened his eyes and saw a ball of light fly into the room before splitting apart and lighting the lanterns on the wall. Headmaster Gwauldron walked in, held out his hands, and cast a fetch spell from each. The sparkling rings pulled Dagdron to his feet and floated him toward the headmaster. Scar entered behind him. Earl woke up too, grabbed his sword from his bedside, and jumped to his feet.
“Where is it?” Headmaster Gwauldron asked.
“What are you talking about?” Dagdron said, scowling.
“Dagdron, what else did you steal?” Earl said.
“Be quiet, Earl,” Dagdron said.
“You were the only one who knew about it!” the headmaster said.
“About what?” Dagdron said.
“You know exactly what I am referring to!”
“I was with Earl and his parents all day yesterday.”
“That might be what Earl’s father told the Bodaburg officials, but I think if we ask Earl, he might give us a different answer.” The headmaster glanced at Earl, who lowered his head, shaking it slowly. “You had just enough time in between robbing King Loftloomburg to make it back to the academy and back down to Bodaburg.”
“Dagdron, just give it back to him,” Earl said. “You’re going to get expelled.”
“Earl, this doesn’t concern you. Please go back to bed.” The headmaster dragged Dagdron outside. Scar exited after them, closing the door. “I don’t know who you fenced it to, but you have to get it back! And you better pray that it doesn’t leave Bodaburg before you retrieve it.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dagdron said.
“You and your father were the only ones who knew I had it,” the headmaster said.
“I never knew what was in that pouch.”
“Dagdron, I saw you catch a glimpse of it on the orientation tour of the academy.”
“That doesn’t mean I know what it is. And anyway, if you let it get stolen, how am I supposed to go retrieve it when I’m not allowed to leave the academy? You told me you would expel Earl if I even tried to leave again.”
“I will revoke my previous restrictions, but if you don’t get me back my priceless object, I will expel Earl instantly!” the headmaster said before walking off down the hall.
“Don’t think this means you can miss class!” Scar said, glaring at Dagdron before following. 
Dagdron opened the door to the room and found Earl sitting on the floor with a shocked expression. The rogue was going to walk right by him, but the warrior grabbed his leg.
“That’s why you didn’t leave?” Earl said. “Headmaster Gwauldron threatened to expel me if you did?”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Dagdron said.
Earl jumped up and pulled Dagdron into a huge bear hug, but the rogue left his hands hanging at his sides. “I always knew under all the dark, expressionless blackness that you have a heart of gold. I’m so sorry I was so hard on you earlier. The weight on your shoulders must have been so heavy these past months, and it was all for me.”
“Please, let go of me, Earl.”
“Dagdron, you can steal any of my mom’s rings whenever you want.”
“Earl, stop talking!” Dagdron said, raising his voice. “Didn’t you hear what else the headmaster said? If we don’t get the object back, then you’re going to be expelled anyway.”
“We’ll give it back to him,” Earl said positively.
“Earl, I wasn’t lying. I didn’t take anything. I don’t even know what object he’s talking about.”
“Dagdron, I know you’re telling the truth.”
“Then why do you sound so excited? You’re going to get expelled.”
“No, I’m not. Because we’re going on our very first quest, and we’re going on it together!”
Dagdron let out a soft moan and went to lie down on the floor. “I hate this place,” he mumbled.
“You won’t be saying that after our quest. Guaranteed,” Earl said, then he started humming exuberantly.

Chapter 11: The Unidentifiable Quest

Earl shook Dagdron awake early the next morning.
“What?” Dagdron said, reaching for his dagger and jabbing it up at Earl.
“We have quest planning before the carnival,” Earl said, sitting on the edge of Dagdron’s bed and pulling out his handbook. “Do you have your copy of the adventurer’s handbook to follow along?”
“No,” Dagdron said, sitting up. 
“Where did you put it? Adventurers should carry it with them at all times during a quest.”
“It’s either crammed under my bed, or I shredded it with my dagger.”
“I’m sure even you didn’t shred yours, so you can share mine until you find it.” Earl held his book out so Dagdron could look at it, too. “This says that the first step is to clearly define the objective of your quest.”
“That’s easy. We have to find an unidentified object that neither of us has any idea what it is,” Dagdron said, pushing the book out of his face and standing up.
“What do you know about the object?” Earl asked. “The headmaster said you and your father were the only ones who knew about it.”
“I don’t know what it is. My father sent a pouch with me on the first day of the academy. It was magically sealed, so I couldn’t look in it. I gave it to the headmaster and have no idea what happened to it after that.”
“But the headmaster said you saw it in his office.”
“On the tour as we were leaving the headmaster’s office, he opened a pouch and there was a shiny blue object, but he didn’t even take it out completely.”
“I guess we’ll just skip step one for now,” Earl said. “Step two is to identify the people who will be involved in the quest. This includes suspects, allies, and others who might have information. That means the big question is, if you didn’t steal the object, who did?”
“I know,” Dagdron said. “Byron.”
“Come on, Dagdron. At least take some of this seriously,” Earl said. “You can’t just go around accusing all the rich people because you don’t like them.”
“I’m not kidding. When I was hiding out in the alley, Byron was making an exchange with that rich merchant from our first time in Bodaburg.”
“Did they say anything?”
“The merchant said he had been waiting for something for a long time. I don’t know for what, though.”
“Well, that’s a start at least. Let’s see what step three is.” Earl paused as he read. “We need to make sure we have all the necessary equipment.”
“Earl, we don’t need to go through all those steps because we don’t know anything. We’ll just have to go snoop around at the carnival today and see what we can find out about the merchant.”
“You’re probably right.” Earl reluctantly closed his handbook and got dressed for the day.

Dagdron was very upset about the quest, but he decided that maybe if he recovered the headmaster’s possession, he could use it as leverage so that he could leave the academy for good without Earl being expelled. With this thought in mind, after breakfast Dagdron headed down the path to Bodaburg with Earl, ready to find the object as fast as he could.
“Hopefully Lita forgives me for leaving her again,” Earl said, “but the adventurer’s handbook says to tell as few people as possible about the quest.”
“Good thinking,” Dagdron replied. “We wouldn’t want everyone to know that we’re looking for something but have no idea what it is.”
“Dagdron, your negative attitude and sarcasm aren’t helping. We’re going to try to spot the merchant you saw in the alley with Byron. If we find him, we can follow him and find out where he lives.”
Before they even reached the gates of Bodaburg, they saw a strange blue glow in the distance. Shortly after, they had to stop because an enormous group of students and adventurers were waiting to get in. Dagdron listened to the buzz of the crowd and gathered that the headmaster himself was at the gate, searching everyone who entered or exited Bodaburg. In addition, he had placed a magical barrier around the city, so that no one could get out of the town in any other way.
“Do you have any idea how much magic it takes to put a barricade around an entire city?” Earl said. “Headmaster Gwauldron is really serious about this.”
“If he’s going to search everyone, why did he threaten us?” Dagdron asked.
They waited in line and eventually reached the gate. The headmaster gave them a stern look, but quickly waved them through, where they met Scar.
“Thanks for ruining my Winter Carnival,” Scar said, scowling. “The headmaster’s making me frisk everyone. Get out of my face before I stab you.”
Dagdron didn’t react at all, but Earl nervously grabbed his friend and pulled him farther into Bodaburg.
Dagdron’s second day at the Winter Carnival was much different than his first. He didn’t even bother trying to get away from Earl or pickpocket anyone. Earl strutted around determinedly like a real hero should on a quest, but Dagdron just followed him with his hood on, not feeling like they were doing anything productive. He didn’t see any sign of the merchant among the crowd.
“Are you sure you can see well enough with your hood on?” Earl asked when they stopped to get something to eat for lunch. Earl paid the vendor at the stall for his loaf of bread, but Dagdron stole his when the merchant turned around.
“I see better with my hood on,” Dagdron said.
When they were a safe distance from the stall, Earl said the first thing that day unrelated to the quest. “Why did you steal that when you have so much money from yesterday?”
“Because I didn’t bring the coins with me,” Dagdron replied, taking a bite out of his bread. “Who knows if the wench will try to have me jailed again?”
“Good thing I paid for two loaves then,” Earl said. Dagdron scowled at him under his cloak. He hadn’t been paying attention to how much money his honorable companion had left.
After lunch, they perused the streets a little longer, trying to see any sign of the merchant, but with no such luck.
“Earl!” a voice called through the crowd. This time Lita had spotted them and rushed over. “You left without me again. I’ve been worried all morning. Did your parents not like me?”
“They loved you!” Earl exclaimed. “I just had to accompany Dagdron... again.”
“Oh,” Lita said. She flexed her fist as she looked at the rogue.
“You can have him back,” Dagdron said.
“Lita, I’m so sorry, but can we talk later? I really need to keep an eye on Dagdron today,” Earl said.
“Of course. I’ve been enjoying the festival with the other lady warriors, but I just wanted to share the time with you,” Lita said.
“Tomorrow we can see the carnival together again.”
Earl and Lita looked at each other momentarily, smiling, and then Lita turned and headed back to where her lady warrior friends were admiring massive swords at a weapons stall.
“You two are ending up in Bodaburg,” Dagdron said.
Earl’s mouth dropped open in horror. “That is the most offensive thing that anyone has ever said to me. How could you?”
“What are you talking about? I’ve been insulting you ever since we’ve been at the academy.”
“I would never endanger my own chances of being an adventurer, and I definitely wouldn’t prevent Lita from being one, either.” 
“You two are the ones always secretly socializing during trips to Bodaburg and by my tree. I’m pretty sure the academy rules don’t allow opposite sex mingling even in Bodaburg during the Winter Carnival.”
“We are just friends.” Earl let out a couple of huffs of breath, but then he calmed down and got back to questing. “Can’t you remember anything else about the transaction in the alley? There has to be some other clue.”
“I already told you that I don’t. I was too far away. I guess we could go ask Grizzard if he knows where the merchant lives.”
“Who’s Grizzard? Why didn’t you mention him before?”
“He’s an old rogue who lives in the alley.”
“Dagdron, you should’ve revealed that information during the first steps of the quest!”
“Which step? I was a little confused about steps two, three, and sixteen so maybe that’s why I forgot.”
Earl ignored the rogue, grabbed hold of his cloak, and led him toward the end of the main street where the alleyway was. The warrior paused at the entrance, but Dagdron walked right in and headed to the end.
“Back so soon, sonny?” Grizzard said as he appeared from the shadows. “And you brought a nicely dressed friend with you.”
“Yeah, this is my roommate, Earl. We’re on our first quest,” Dagdron said.
Earl was giving such a frightened look to Grizzard’s dirty smile that he didn’t even take the time to scold Dagdron for telling him about the quest. Grizzard edged forward and looked closely at Earl’s clothing and sword.
“We have a wealthy one here,” the old thief said. He reached out his hand and ran it along Earl’s arm, circling around him. Earl darted his head this way and that to make sure Grizzard wasn’t going to stab him.
“Please don’t hurt us!” Earl said. “We’ll give you all our coins.”
“Be quiet, Earl. He’s not going to rob us,” Dagdron said before speaking to Grizzard. “Did you see the merchant who was in the alley when you snuck up on me?”
“Didn’t get a good look, sonny. I was more focused on my first prey in quite some time. But I could tell from his robe that he was a rich and powerful one,” Grizzard responded.
“We’ve been looking all over for him,” Dagdron said.
“I would help you if I could, but I didn’t recognize him. Old Grizzard has lived in Bodaburg a long time, but he hasn’t socialized much with the inhabitants.”
“We thought it was worth a shot.”
“Hold on there, sonny,” Grizzard said. “Don’t forget there were two people in the alley. If you can’t find who you’re looking for, then you might have to use the other person.”
“I don’t think Byron would tell us anything,” Earl finally said, though still giving a wary eye to Grizzard.
“He doesn’t mean to ask him,” Dagdron said. “He means we’re going to break into his room and see if there’s any information about the merchant.”
“We can’t break into Byron’s room!” Earl said.
“What other option do we have?” Dagdron asked.
“We’ll think of something.” Earl stood there momentarily lost in thought.
Grizzard chuckled. “Hey, sonny,” he said to Dagdron. “How about giving old Grizzard a few seconds alone with your roommate here?”
“Sure,” Dagdron said.
“Dagdron, don’t you dare leave me here alone!” Earl said.
Dagdron smiled under his hood, while Grizzard let out his loud, open-mouthed cackle. Dagdron walked calmly from the alley with Earl clutching nervously to his cloak.
“We are not breaking into Byron’s room!” Earl said as soon as they were out of the alley.
“How else are we supposed to find information for our quest?” Dagdron replied.
“I already told you we’d think of something.”
“I’m sure the quest handbook says something about not limiting your search because you’re afraid of someone.”
“I am not afraid of Byron,” Earl said. “Sometimes you just have to find a roundabout way of fulfilling your quests.”
“I can tell you’re scared of him.”
“Dagdron, have you thought about what the consequences would be if we got caught breaking into Byron’s room? He’s Broodavian royalty, and he’s Headmaster Gwauldron’s pet first-year student. We would be in so much trouble. And I still have to represent Lordavia honorably.”
“Who cares? The headmaster sent us on this quest. He’ll know what we’re doing.”
“He won’t defend us if it means risking his relationship with Broodavia and King Fortigroff. Don’t you know how important connections are?”
“You’re the one who’s going to get expelled.”
Earl looked a little perturbed, but grabbed Dagdron and dragged him off to find his parents, whom they were meeting for dinner again. Dagdron was about to sneak off, but Earl’s dad was so excited to see him again that he accompanied them back to their inn to eat.
As soon as he finished dinner, Dagdron excused himself, much to Count Valorington’s disappointment and, from her expression, much to the relief of the countess. Having been around so many people the past two days had really taken its toll on Dagdron, so he left the city and went straight back to his tree. He climbed up to his lounging spot to unwind for the rest of the night.
Earl’s clanging footsteps sounded in the distance much sooner than Dagdron would have liked. The rogue looked down through the branches as Earl and Lita approached.
“Come down, Dagdron. I’ve enlisted Lita’s help on our quest,” Earl said.
“I thought you weren’t supposed to tell other people about a quest,” Dagdron said as he climbed down.
“I’ve been thinking about our alternatives all evening, and instead of breaking into Byron’s room, Lita’s going to help us draw a picture of what you saw in the headmaster’s office.”
“How is that going to help? You just felt guilty hiding it from her.”
Earl blushed slightly. “She draws very well.”
“Bodaburg,” Dagdron mumbled.
Earl sprang forward, clutched Dagdron’s arm, and pulled him a few feet away from Lita. “Don’t you dare talk like that in the presence of a lady!” Earl whispered angrily.
Dagdron was tempted to laugh, but he kept his face expressionless. Earl tried to glare at him more furiously, but his rogue friend didn’t relent, and they both returned to Lita. The lady warrior asked Dagdron to describe the pouch and gem he had seen in the headmaster’s office. Just as she started drawing, Elloriana showed up and took her customary place beneath the tree where she started reading her romance novel and writing in her diary.
“Shouldn’t you be having some fancy dessert with your rich parents?” Dagdron said.
Elloriana turned to glare at him, but Earl grabbed his arm and pulled him to the other side of him and Lita. “We need to focus,” he said.
Dagdron kept answering Lita’s questions as she drew, but he had only glimpsed the pouch so he had very little to describe. Shortly after, though, Lita finished the drawing. The pouch was perfectly shaded and colored, and the bluish gem was slightly protruding. Dagdron was surprised that such a simple picture could look so nice.
“Does it remind you of anything?” Earl asked excitedly after seeing Dagdron’s limited emotion.
“It lets me know that what you said is true. Lita can really draw good,” Dagdron said. “If being an adventurer doesn’t work out, at least she has a back-up profession.”
“I’m serious!” Earl said, dropping his voice to a whisper when he saw Elloriana glance over at them. “This is our only lead!”
“Earl, the drawing is fine, but that’s all it is,” Dagdron replied, whispering as well. “There is no way that having a picture of it is going to help. I didn’t see it. I really don’t know what object the headmaster was talking about. This isn’t a lead. Our only lead is Byron. We have to search his room.”
Earl froze as he gathered his thoughts to respond, but Lita stood up from where she had been sitting to draw, and spoke. “Earl, he’s right. Just about everyone in Bodaburg carries around a pouch. There’s no way to search every single one. You yourself told me Byron was the only person who might have the information.”
Earl nodded his head with a discouraged expression.
“If it’s that big a deal, then I can break into his room by myself,” Dagdron said. “You don’t have to worry about it.”
“Two people going on one quest is not very commonplace, but I will never abandon you. We started this quest together, and we’ll finish it together.”
“Sounds good. I’m breaking in tomorrow morning.”
“So soon?” Earl said loudly, causing Elloriana to glance up again.
“It’s our only chance. Everyone’s going to be at the Winter Carnival. Once the snow comes, everyone will be stuck inside the academy all the time.”
Lita nodded to reassure Earl, so the warrior nodded back, regaining his confident expression.
“We’d better get to bed,” Earl said. “A quester always needs a good night’s rest.”
Dagdron started after Earl and Lita as they went back to the academy.
“What were you whispering about?” Elloriana asked as they passed.
“About how big a wench we think you are,” Dagdron said before Earl could respond.
“Stop calling me that!” Elloriana said.
Dagdron walked off, leaving Earl and Lita behind to apologize.

Chapter 12: The Arch of Avooblis

Dagdron and Earl hung around in the front hall of the academy as the majority of other students flooded outside to head to another day of the Winter Carnival. Earl glanced around anxiously, trying to catch sight of Byron leaving, but Dagdron just leaned against the wall, running a finger along the edge of his dagger. After a fifteen minute wait, Lita appeared in the doorway and gave her sword a secret tap that Earl had come up with, notifying them that she had spotted Byron on the trail to Bodaburg.
The rogue and warrior started up the staircase back to the dormitories.
“Fourth floor where the richies get a special room,” Dagdron said.
“I was trying to tell you how dangerous this part of the quest could be. I’m sure the headmaster guards the bedrooms up here.”
“I’m beginning to see what a groveler the headmaster really is. He sucks up to the rich students.”
“Dagdron, do not talk bad about Headmaster Gwauldron. He’s done great things for just about every kingdom, and he has to be involved in order to keep the land a safe place.”
Dagdron ignored him and started along the corridor. Earl hunched his body up as they walked, making his boots squeak and his sword clank. 
Squeak-clank, squeak-clank.
“What are you doing?” Dagdron asked.
“I’m sneaking. I’m copying your technique. I’ve seen you do it a lot.”
“That’s not how you do it. You’re making more noise than normal.”
“At least I’m trying. We don’t have cross-over classes until second year.”
“Hurry and show me Byron’s door,” Dagdron said.
Earl still “snuck” as they went down the corridor until they came to a large wooden door with a crest on it.
“That’s the Fortigroff family shield with the castle of Broodavia on it. It was built out of big boulders from the surrounding rocky mountains,” Earl explained.
Dagdron whipped out his lock pick and set to work. After a couple of minutes the lock clicked, and Dagdron pushed the door open.
“Oh, my goodness!” Earl exclaimed.
“Be quiet,” Dagdron said. “Why sneak if you’re going yell after?”
“I’m sorry,” Earl whispered. “I’d heard about the legendary bedrooms on the fourth floor, but even I didn’t think they would be this luxurious.”
Dagdron entered, scanning the room filled with a four-poster bed, a huge window, a big, soft armchair, and a fancy-looking desk.
“I don’t know why you’d want all this stuff cluttering up your room. Your trunks still make me claustrophobic.”
“Let’s just hurry and find any information we can about the merchant,” Earl said.
“Don’t trip over anything,” Dagdron said as he headed toward the bed. He crouched down to look under it, but there wasn’t anything there. He searched the closet and dresser, but all he found was a couple of gold coins, which he pocketed.
Earl was on the opposite side of the room looking around the armchair and glancing over the desk without touching anything. Dagdron joined him to make sure his companion didn’t miss anything, but all he saw were papers about fighting, weapons, and armor.
“There’s nothing,” Earl said. “We better just get out of here.”
“There has to be something,” Dagdron said, sticking his fingers in the cracks around the armchair cushion, and then feeling underneath it. “I told you that the merchant gave him a big satchel. Unless he hid it somewhere outside the academy, it has to be here.”
Earl scanned the room a little more before taking a moment to longingly look out the window at the incredible view over the valley and down to Bodaburg.
“Clouds are already rolling in,” he said. “I hope the snowstorm doesn’t hit before the carnival is over.”
Dagdron ignored Earl as he gave the room another scan. As his eyes passed the bed, he saw the top part was hanging down more than looked normal. He hurried over and shimmied up one of the bedposts. On top of the hanging was the satchel. Dagdron grabbed it before sliding back to the floor. Earl finally turned around as Dagdron opened it. The rogue flipped through the parchments.
“It’s information about the commerce of a bunch of villages,” Dagdron said. 
“What?” Earl said, approaching.
“This one’s all about Lordavia.”
“What?” a high-pitched voice screeched.
Dagdron and Earl whipped around to see Elloriana.
“Let me see those,” she demanded.
“Get out of here, wench!” Dagdron said.
“Princess Elloriana, what in the land are you doing here?” Earl said.
“I overheard you talking by my tree, and I wasn’t going to let you break into Byron’s room to steal his possessions,” Elloriana said.
“It’s not your tree,” Dagdron said.
“We aren’t stealing. We have a valid reason to be here,” Earl explained.
“What is it? Give me one reason I shouldn’t go tell Headmaster Gwauldron about this right now,” Elloriana said.
“You sound so snobby when you talk,” Dagdron said.
“We’re on a quest. Headmaster Gwauldron sent us on it,” Earl said.
“First years don’t get quests,” Elloriana said. “Even the third years’ preparation quests don’t entail breaking into other student’s rooms.”
“Isn’t there some quote from the handbook that talks about quests involving breaking into places?” Dagdron said.
“You’re not helping,” Earl said. “I promise with the honor of an adventurer that Headmaster Gwauldron really sent us on this quest.”
“I don’t care about honor right now,” Elloriana said. “If Byron has papers about my kingdom, then I have a right to see them.”
Dagdron pulled them away as Elloriana tried to grab them, but then he set them on the bed so they could all see. The parchment contained details about Lordavia’s economy and trade agreements with other cities. Dagdron had no idea why Byron would want them. Elloriana continued examining them longer than the other two, but when she finished, she turned on them.
“Tell me right now why you were searching Byron’s room and why he has these,” she said.
“Princess, a quest needs to be kept confidential,” Earl said.
“Earl! He has all this information about Lordavia! Tell me what’s going on or I’ll go tell the headmaster that you were breaking into rooms.”
“You won’t tell the headmaster if you ever want to find out what’s going on,” Dagdron said. “Believe it or not, wench, he really did send us on this quest. It has nothing to do with these papers, but if you take them and run off to the headmaster, he’s not going to like it. What is he going to do about it? Byron is his little richy pet, so he’s not going to risk offending him. At least that’s what Earl thinks.”
“What is the quest?” Elloriana asked.
“The headmaster wants us to recover a stolen item,” Earl said.
“Did he check under Dagdron’s bed? I bet it’s there along with my father’s coin purse,” the enchantress said.
“I didn’t rob your father,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana gave him a look of disbelief before saying, “I want in on the quest.”
“How can you objectively do that when you’re in love with Byron?” Dagdron said.
“Who said I’m in love with Byron?”
“You did with your actions. Spending time with him in Bodaburg, laughing at his jokes. We all saw it when we were setting up the Winter Carnival stalls.”
“Not that it’s any of your business, but as the princess of Lordavia, I have to carry out a relationship with Byron.”
“Princess Elloriana, I know Dagdron is just trying to rile you up, but what he says is true. We don’t know what these papers mean or what Byron is involved in, but if you can’t objectively investigate this, it would be a detriment to the quest.”
“Earl, I assure you that I can handle it.”
“Fine. But we’ll discuss it outside. We’ve already spent far too long in here and made way too much noise,” Earl said.
Dagdron gathered the parchments back into the satchel, and then replaced them on top of the bed hanging. They left the room, locking the door, and then went to the tree in the back of the academy.
“I want in on the quest,” Elloriana said again.
“Princess—” Earl began.
“You’re in!” Dagdron said.
“What?” Earl said.
“But you have to be willing to do what we ask,” Dagdron said, looking Elloriana in the face.
“Like what?” she replied.
“Since you’re already in love with Byron, we need you to get some information from him.”
“Stop saying that,” Elloriana said.
“I think you guys make a cute couple,” Earl said.
“Why would you say that?” the enchantress said.
“Because you looked like the perfectly happy Bodaburg couple together in the village,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana scowled and looked at Earl.
“I’m sorry, but I kind of agree with Dagdron. You really did look like you were flirting together in Bodaburg.”
“You and Earl can discuss your love life later,” Dagdron said before Elloriana could reply. “We need you to get some information from Byron. I spotted him making a secret transaction with that merchant in Bodaburg that you two were talking to on the first visit. Do you know his name?”
“Who? Mercer?” Elloriana said.
“Is that his name?” Earl asked anxiously.
“Yes,” Elloriana said. “But I can’t believe he’d be making a secret deal with Byron. I talked to him, but it was obvious he was only after my money, so I shut him down. He was pretty upset at me.”
“Great,” Dagdron said. “No one seems to know where he lives, so that’s why we were in Byron’s room.”
“How can you not know anything else about him?” Elloriana asked.
“Because we weren’t on this quest the first time in Bodaburg or when I saw the transaction, so I wasn’t paying attention to any details,” Dagdron said.
“Princess, can’t you try to get in touch with Mercer?” Earl asked. “Maybe he will let you know where he lives if you tell him you’re interested in his monetary plan for adventurers.”
“No, I don’t think that’s a possibility,” Elloriana said. “I kind of told him that if I ever saw him again, I would tell my father to send an army to teach him a lesson.”
“Nice,” Dagdron said.
“I didn’t know you’d need my help on a quest later,” Elloriana said. “And he was really a slime ball.”
“Please, Princess Elloriana,” Earl said. “We really don’t have any other leads, and we don’t know how patient the headmaster will be with us. We need to find out where he lives.”
“Fine, I’ll try to find out from Byron,” Elloriana said.
“Why are you saying that like you’re doing us a favor?” Dagdron said. “You begged us to be included in the quest.”
Elloriana glared at Dagdron, but Earl distracted her with encouraging words before she left.
“And make it snappy, wench!” Dagdron said as Elloriana walked off.
Elloriana turned around, lifted a hand in the air, and a small flame ball flew toward Dagdron. He nimbly dodged it and stood there expressionlessly until she walked off.
“Dagdron, why did you let her be part of the quest?” Earl said. “Way too many people know about it now.”
“I couldn’t think of any other way we were going to find out where the merchant lives without randomly seeing him around Bodaburg. And I didn’t tell you this, but the pouch my father had me give to the headmaster was magically sealed, and so was the one Byron gave this Mercer guy. Since you don’t seem to know, cross-over classes aren’t until second year, so I don’t know any magic yet. If we find it, we’re going to need someone to open it to make sure it’s the object he wants. Even though we don’t even know what it is.”
“Very funny,” Earl said pensively. “But you’re right. You are such a good adventurer.”
“Be quiet. Shouldn’t we go enjoy the carnival while we can?”
“You betcha!” Earl said. “Let’s go find Lita.”
There was a crowd of people at the gate of Bodaburg since Headmaster Gwauldron was still searching everyone who entered and exited. When Dagdron and Earl finally made it into the village, Lita was waiting anxiously for them.
“Hurry!” Lita whispered urgently. “Come and see this.”
Lita led Earl and Dagdron through the mass of people until they came to where a small group of people was looking at a parchment posted on the building.
“Headmaster Gwauldron put them up all over Bodaburg,” Lita said.
When the group cleared, Dagdron and Earl finally got a good look. In the middle of the notice, there was a large picture of a crystal in the shape of an arch. In block letters it explained how the item had been stolen from the academy. In even bigger letters, it stated that a reward of fifty thousand gold coins would be given to whoever returned the Arch of Avooblis to Headmaster Gwauldron at the Adventurers’ Academy.
“That’s what we’re looking for!” Earl exclaimed.
“Yeah, but for that amount of money, now everyone else is too,” Dagdron said, ripping the parchment off the building.
“I know,” Earl said. “But everyone else isn’t inspired by being on a real quest! We’re on our way to glory!”
Dagdron glanced at the parchment in his hands. He felt a lot better that they knew what they were looking for, but that didn’t mean it was just going to show up. They still had no idea where Mercer lived. As Earl continued to talk excitedly to him and Lita, Dagdron folded up the piece of parchment, wondering why his father had had the arch crystal in the first place.

Chapter 13: Snowed-in Suspicion

Dagdron wasn’t at all surprised when Earl woke him up early again the following morning. They and Lita had spent the day before at the Winter Carnival searching for Mercer or any sign of the arch crystal, but had found nothing. The only interesting thing they saw was the Fortigroff and Loftloomburg families strolling along the main street together. The two kings were conversing in front, with the queens behind. While Dagdron had thought King and Queen Loftloomburg had been uppity, King and Queen Fortigroff were even worse. They were both tall with dark brown hair, and walked stiffly and formally in their earth-toned clothing that was representative of Broodavia.
Byron and Elloriana had been walking next to each other at the back, and when Dagdron saw them he kept giving prodding looks to Elloriana to ask Byron where Mercer lived, but she ignored him. Dagdron finally muttered “Kissy, kissy,” somewhat loudly, so Elloriana scowled at him, but Earl had quickly grabbed him and pulled him in the opposite direction.
Now Earl said, as soon as Dagdron sat up in his sleeping spot on the floor, “We need to head straight to the magic-user library and find out all we can about the Arch of Avooblis.”
“What good is that going to do us?” Dagdron said. “I’m curious about what it is too, but that’s not going to help us find it.”
“Dagdron, get out your adventurer’s handbook right now. Understanding the object you’re looking for is extremely important. If it has magical properties, we could learn how it hides or what magic it might give off.”
“The arch doesn’t do anything by itself,” Dagdron said.
“How do you know?”
“Because of this.” Dagdron pulled out the parchment with his father’s face on it from under his bed and showed it to Earl.”
“What is this?”
“I took it off the urgent quest wall our first night in the academy. It’s my father’s picture. I don’t know where he kept the arch hidden, but I know he had it somewhere for years. When I gave the pouch with the arch in it to the headmaster, he was desperate to get it back.”
“He really was desperate,” Earl said. “I can’t believe he is offering so much gold for information on your dad. Is that why you won’t tell me where you live?”
“No, I just don’t want you to know,” Dagdron said. “I don’t know how my dad had the arch or anything else about it. But I’m sure that’s why my father and I were attacked by some enchanter on our way to the academy.”
“You were attacked? Why didn’t you tell me all of this before?”
“I didn’t care about it until I got put on this pointless quest. The headmaster said that my dad returning the arch to him was my entrance fee into the academy. That’s all I know.”
“I’m sorry, Dagdron,” Earl said. “You must be so worried about your dad.”
“Not really,” Dagdron replied. “My dad should’ve ditched the arch long ago and just let me stay with him. He deserves whatever he gets.”
“Stay with him where?”
“I’m not telling you where I live,” Dagdron said, taking the parchment back from Earl.
“Don’t say that about your dad,” Earl said. “You don’t know what the situation is. We can find out all we can about the Arch of Avooblis and maybe you’ll understand better what your dad was going through.”
“I already understand perfectly that my dad just needs to be sliced,” Dagdron said, pulling out his dagger.
“Let’s at least go and talk to Chesna,” Earl said. “We might really get some clues if we understand what the arch is used for.”
The weather was much colder than the previous couple of days as they headed down to Bodaburg. They were hoping to beat the crowd, but found a jam of people at the gate. The headmaster was there again, examining everyone’s possessions as they left. But, after a few minutes, Dagdron realized that they weren’t even allowing people into the city. He was about to push through the crowd to find out what was going on, but Lita came walking back toward them just then.
“What’s going on, Lita?” Earl asked.
“The carnival’s over,” she explained. “A huge snowstorm is on the way. All the merchants and visitors are packing up to get out of town before they’re stuck here. All the alumni adventurers staying at the academy were up looking at new quests, too, so they can head off immediately.”
“That’s so terrible!” Earl said.
“I knew you’d be so disappointed. It was our first Winter Carnival and it was cut short.” Lita grabbed Earl in a strong warrior-like embrace.
“Dagdron, don’t give us that look. We both love the Winter Carnival. It’s tragic that it’s ending early.”
“I wasn’t giving you any look, even though we all know you’re going to end up in Bodaburg eventually,” Dagdron said.
“You’re sad the festival is over, too?” Earl asked, for once ignoring his comment about Bodaburg.
“No, our quest is what’s over. If everyone is leaving town, whoever has the arch crystal is going to find a way to smuggle it out.”
Worry crossed Earl’s face, but he didn’t reply.

The next morning, Earl sat glumly on the side of his bed while Dagdron looked out the window. The carnival had ended so suddenly, but it was a good thing everyone left when they did, because it snowed hard during the night. The entire Bodaburg Valley was blanketed. 
“I’m off to talk to the headmaster,” Dagdron said.
“I’ll start packing, I guess,” Earl replied, monotone.
Dagdron gave a quick glance at his roommate, but then left the room and climbed the spiral staircase to the top floor. Without hesitation, he walked forward to knock on the blue door, but it opened for him before he could.
“What?” the headmaster said though he didn’t look up from the ancient book he was perusing.
“We failed at our quest,” Dagdron said.
The headmaster raised his head. “Your quest can’t fail because it will never be over until I have my possession back.”
“Everyone left Bodaburg. Whoever had your item, got away with it.”
“No, they didn’t. I searched everyone who left.”
“I’m pretty sure they just waited until the middle of the night to leave.”
“You are incorrect. The arch is still in the vicinity of Bodaburg.”
“How do you know?”
The headmaster stood up from his desk and walked closer to Dagdron. “Didn’t your father teach you anything about magic?”
“No, and cross-over classes aren’t until second year.”
“Magic lets me know that my possession did not leave the area.”
“Then why in the heck don’t you go and get it if you know where it is?”
“Like most people, you have made the mistake of assuming that magic is so precise. Magic is not a force to be controlled, and definitely not controllable enough to pinpoint exactly where an object is. I can only sense that it remains in the area. And either way, you took it, so you have to get it back. Your quest remains intact.”
Dagdron stood there for a few seconds before leaving the room without replying. The door slammed shut behind him. He went back to his room, where Earl was packing all his stuff into his trunks. The warrior looked up with a faint look of hope, but Dagdron just sat down on his bed.
“Earl, do you know anything about magic?” Dagdron asked.
“Oh, Dagdron, don’t ask me about that. We’ve seen over the past couple of days that I have no sneaking skills and my brain definitely isn’t smart enough to understand magic. And now I’ll never be a true adventuring warrior, either. You were right all along. I am ending up in Bodaburg. I’ll have to stay there all winter looking up at the academy as it casts a shadow over me and my unattainable dream.”
Dagdron sat there in thought as Earl continued to pack up all of his trunks. He was still confused about what the headmaster said. How could he know the object was in the area, but not be able to pinpoint it? He had never cared much for his dad’s magic tricks, but now he decided he needed to understand it a little more.
“Earl, how do you get to the academy’s library?” Dagdron asked.
“Now that I’m leaving you want to explore the academy? That’s really cold,” Earl responded, closing the last of his trunks.
“What are you talking about? And why did you pack up all of your stuff? The headmaster said our quest isn’t over.”
“What?” Earl exclaimed.
Dagdron tried to keep his face expressionless, but he let out a smile.
“You watched me pack up all of my stuff! Oh well, there’s no time to be angry.” Earl crossed the room and pulled Dagdron into a big hug. “We have a quest to continue! Let’s get to the library and find out what the Arch of Avooblis is all about.”

Dagdron and Earl spent the next few days searching through different books in the magic-user library in the classroom tower, but they found absolutely nothing about the arch. Earl was anxious to keep searching in the library, but Dagdron was relieved when Monday came around and classes started again. Scar wasn’t happy at all and glared most of the class at Dagdron, still angry for having had to frisk at the gates of Bodaburg. After a long day of running, lock picking, dagger throwing, and pickpocketing practice, Dagdron was anxious to get out to his tree, but Earl, wearing a royal red cape, caught up with him as soon as he got outside.
“Are you ready to head to Bodaburg?” Earl asked excitedly.
“No. Why would we go there when everything’s closed?”
“We’re going to talk to Chesna and search for Mercer the mysterious merchant.”
“He probably left with everyone else.”
“Dagdron, we don’t know that. It’s going to take Elloriana some time to talk to Byron, so we might as well try something.”
Knowing that he would get no peace and quiet up in his tree, he turned around. Dagdron led Earl inside, across the entrance hall, and out the front door.
“Do you want a winter cloak? I have an extra one,” Earl said.
“No. I’m not wearing richy clothes.”
“It’s freezing!”
“I’ve slept in the cold my entire life.”
“What does that mean?” Earl said. “What kind of house do you live in?”
Dagdron refused to answer, so the two boys trudged through the freshly fallen snow toward Bodaburg. Earl made lots of mouth noises and arm movements, trying to keep himself warm, but Dagdron hiked in silence. The gates were closed, so Dagdron nimbly scurried over and Earl heaved himself over after.
Bodaburg looked completely opposite from what it had the previous few days. The streets were bare and the shop doors were closed; the inhabitants having taken refuge from the cold in their houses. Pleasant columns of smoke flowed out of every chimney, casting visual warmth over the now wintry town. Earl led Dagdron to Chesna’s magic shop, where they found Elloriana coming out the door, bundled up in her blue winter attire.
“Have you talked to Byron yet?” Dagdron asked.
“Yes,” Elloriana said.
“Where does Mercer live?”
“I didn’t ask him that. I can’t just walk up to him and tell him that that rogue, Dagdron, saw you in the alley. By the way, can I get the address of the merchant you were illegally trading with to get information about Lordavia?”
“Hurry it up, wench! You’re the one who demanded to be part of the quest.”
“I’ll take as long as I want!” Elloriana walked past them and headed toward the town gates.
Earl hurried Dagdron into the shop, rubbing his hands together to warm them up.
“The warrior and the rogue return,” Chesna said in a welcoming voice. “You must be in need of something to venture out in the snowstorm.”
Dagdron looked toward Earl.
“We are seeking information about the Arch of Avooblis,” Earl explained.
“Ah,” Chesna said. “You and all of Bodaburg are seeking that information. As I’ve told the others who have asked, I have never heard of such an object. I, too, am curious, though, and have sent word magically throughout my web across the land. No one appears to know.”
“Can a magic user sense when an object is close by?” Dagdron asked.
“Certain objects, certainly,” Chesna replied.
“But they can’t pinpoint them?” Dagdron continued.
“If an enchanter or enchantress is powerful enough, it is possible. But objects can be hidden by magic and other means, which may render it impossible,” Chesna said. “If it was that easy to find the Arch of Avooblis, every magic user in the land would be trying to claim the fifty thousand coin reward.”
Dagdron gave a nod of his head.
“Now, answer a question for me,” Chesna said. “Are a young warrior and young rogue so interested in so many gold coins that they venture out in a snowstorm just to ask at a magic shop about an unknown arch crystal?”
Dagdron and Earl were silent, but Chesna kept her green, piercing eyes locked on them.
“Supposedly I stole it,” Dagdron finally said.
“A quest, then,” Chesna said.
Earl nodded with a huge smile on his face.
“I’m sorry I cannot aid you, but if I find out any information that will help you, I vow to let you know,” Chesna said.
“Thank you, Chesna,” Earl said.
The two boys returned into the cold.
“Earl, something is weird about our quest,” Dagdron said. “How can no one know about the arch, and why is the headmaster offering such a big reward? It’s so public. It seems strange.”
“That’s just the private rogue in you,” Earl replied. “You’ve seen how all quests are posted publically. Especially the urgent ones. That’s why Headmaster Gwauldron is offering such a great reward. It’s very urgent.”
With no other ideas of what to do, Dagdron and Earl walked the side streets of Bodaburg, paying particular attention to any house that appeared to be the home of a rich person. Dagdron kept glancing at Earl, but he never saw any sign of discouragement on his companion’s face even though they only saw two other people walking on the streets, and they were so bundled up that they couldn’t tell if they were male or female.
“Now I understand the Winter Carnival even more,” Dagdron said. “When you said Bodaburg shuts down, you really meant it.”
“I know, but we’ll just have to be patient. Not all quests are fulfilled in a day.”
“Let’s talk to Grizzard,” Dagdron said.
“We already did. He didn’t know anything,” Earl said.
“Maybe he’ll slice you this time.”
They returned to the main street and made their way to Grizzard’s alley. Earl reluctantly followed Dagdron to the back where there was a light orange glow. Grizzard was huddled around a stack of coal, warming his hands.
“Hey there, sonny and rich sonny,” the old thief said, rubbing his hands together over the charcoal.
“You got some coal already.”
“Winter came early, but your gold coins will come in very handy.”
“No other info about the merchant? His name is Mercer.” 
“Sorry, sonny, got nothing.”
“What do you eat around these parts during the winter?” Dagdron asked.
“Lots of good grub, lots of good grub,” Grizzard said, patting his stomach.
“Let us know if you find out anything.”
“Will do, sonny, will do.”
Dagdron and Earl left the alley.
“I knew he wouldn’t know anything new,” Earl said.
“It was worth a shot,” Dagdron said.
“No, you knew it, too. You were just making sure he was warm and had food for the winter. You’re such a softy.”
“Let’s get some cider,” Dagdron said.
Earl was anxious enough to get warm that he dropped the conversation and followed Dagdron to the tavern. Earl took off his winter cloak and hung it by the door, but Dagdron left his hood on. There were men grouped around two separate tables. They were all drinking mead, getting an early start on cheering each other up for the winter with boisterous conversation. Dagdron and Earl sat in the corner table and ordered some warm cider.
“Dagdron, we are the luckiest students at the academy,” Earl said, smiling as he drank and looked around the tavern.
“We are the unluckiest,” Dagdron replied.
“In all the history of the academy, I’ve never heard of any other first years being able to go on an actual quest, and I didn’t think I’d eat at the tavern until my final year, and this is our third time already. Let’s declare this corner table as our own.”
“You mean trapped in an unaccomplishable quest by the headmaster.”
“I owe it all to you,” Earl said, ignoring Dagdron and lifting up his cider glass. “I will never forget everything you’ve given up for me. This is really a dream come true. I love the Adventurers’ Academy so much.”
Dagdron sipped his cider without responding. Earl kept watching the drinking men at the other tables while he imagined the life he would be living as an adventurer. Dagdron checked out his surroundings from beneath his hood. As he glanced at the other side of the tavern, he noticed a man with his head lying on a table. He hadn’t noticed him when they walked in, so he sat up a little straighter to get a better look.
“Earl, look,” the rogue said. “Kemp is still in Bodaburg. Why didn’t he leave with all the other adventurers?”
Earl quickly looked. “I can’t believe it. He should be out adventuring. I bet he has a good excuse. He’s probably exhausted from saving so many villages.”
“Let’s find out,” Dagdron said, standing up.
“We can’t just ask him,” Earl said quietly.
Dagdron crossed the tavern, so Earl followed him. Kemp was completely asleep, drool running out of his month into a puddle on the table. Dagdron nudged the chair with his knee, but the adventurer didn’t wake up, so he stealthily snuck his dagger out and gave him a poke in the side.
“Who’s there?” Kemp said, tipsily sitting up.
“Sorry to bother you,” Dagdron said in a fake polite voice. “We’ve heard all about the quests and adventures you’ve been on, and just couldn’t pass up the chance to talk to you.”
“Oh,” the warrior said. “Students at the academy, then!” He stood up, but then put both hands on the table to steady himself. “I’m always happy to meet more of my admirers who wish to follow in my footsteps.”
“Of course!” Dagdron said. Earl gave his friend a questioning look. “We can’t wait to hear where you’re going on your next quest!”
“I had all sorts of quests lined up, but the snow came so quickly I didn’t get a chance to head out. But at the first sign of a clear passage out of Bodaburg, I’ll be out there saving the day again.”
“Why didn’t you leave with all the other adventurers?” Dagdron asked. “You’ll be stuck in Bodaburg for months.”
“I heard the alarm too late because I was getting fitted for my new armor. My old one just had too many dents from the last troll I fought. That’s why I’m in here drowning my sorrows in mead. A true adventurer can never be happy unless he’s out there being a hero.”
Earl was suddenly all smiles with an inspired expression.
“It was great meeting you personally,” Dagdron said, and then he grabbed Earl and pulled him out of the tavern before his friend could shake the adventurer’s hand proudly.
“What was that, Dagdron?” Earl said as he put his cloak back on. “You never talk like that.”
“Kemp purposely stayed in Bodaburg,” Dagdron said.
“No, he didn’t,” Earl said. “You heard what he just said. He’s heartbroken because he can’t be out there adventuring. That’s why he’s been drinking so much.”
“He was drunk the first day of the carnival. The snowstorm alert hadn’t even been issued yet.”
“Why do you do that? You can’t give anyone credit for being a true, honorable adventurer,” Earl said, starting to look upset.
“Earl, don’t you get it?” Dagdron said. “What real reason could Kemp have had to stay in Bodaburg? Maybe because he didn’t dare leave through the gate? Haven’t you noticed that he hasn’t been eating at the academy the past few days, either?”
“What are you saying?”
“Kemp could be the one who stole the arch crystal so he didn’t want to leave.”
“He would never do that. How could he have stolen it?”
“You said one of the great benefits of returning to the academy is that you get to meet with the headmaster. He could have been in his office.”
“Kemp would never...” Earl said.
“You’re the one who has been saying you should leave no stone unturned during a quest.”
“I guess as long as we’re waiting to see what information Elloriana can get from Byron about Mercer we might as well,” Earl said, though still looking skeptical.
“Our quest continues!” Dagdron said with feigned excitement.
“You’re right, Dagdron!” Earl said, catching his spirit. “We’ll see what we can find.”

Chapter 14: Dirty Rich

Earl still wasn’t convinced that Kemp had purposely stayed in Bodaburg, but Dagdron was ready to search his room immediately. The problem he quickly found, though, was that with all the students back in the academy, the headmaster had assigned guards on the third floor, preventing anyone uninvited from going higher. After two weeks of being unable to get to the adventurer’s floor, Dagdron was getting very frustrated.
“I don’t understand why we can’t get up there,” Earl said at breakfast one morning. “You’re usually so good at sneaking. I was sure you could get us through.”
“It doesn’t matter how stealthy you are if someone’s standing right in front of your path. The guards block the staircase completely,” Dagdron explained.
“You can’t blame the headmaster for not wanting anything else to get stolen,” Earl said.
“I don’t understand why he wasn’t worried about that before,” Dagdron said. “We snuck up to Byron’s room without any guards.”
“All the students were supposed to be at the Winter Carnival, and even the headmaster wouldn’t make the academy guards miss the festival.”
“Something else is going on. Scar doesn’t even make us run up the boys’ tower anymore. It’s like the headmaster doesn’t want one of the rogues ditching off during a run on the upper floors.”
“Maybe Byron could tell someone had been in his room and told the headmaster.”
“At least I’m not putting the quest on hold,” Dagdron said to change the subject.
“I know I’m not as suspicious of Kemp as you, but I’ve still been trying to sneak up there with you.”
“Maybe we’ll slice the guards tonight,” Dagdron said before hurrying off to his morning classes before Earl could start talking about honor.
After the rogue’s morning run, Scar was quick to herd them with his dagger into one of the basement rooms that he had never taken them to, which caused even the normally expressionless faces of the rogues to look surprised. Spanning the entire room was a gauntlet filled with multiple mannequins, targets, locks...
“And booby traps,” Scar said. “We have not had proper sneaking training because I know most of you have been taught that from a very young age. However, this gauntlet will assure you are sneaking properly or you will pay the price offered by the wide range of traps if you set them off.” Scar walked closer to the gauntlet, letting what he had said sink in before he continued. “I don’t expect any of you to get very far in the gauntlet for starters, but this is the best simulation for real-life experience.”
Dagdron let a happy memory cross his mind. He remembered the many weekends when his father had sent him out to play on the cliffs, and when he returned, booby traps were set up all over the cave. Dagdron had always assumed it a fun game his father had come up with, but he was realizing more and more that he had been given practical experience during his entire childhood.
The first rogues who entered the gauntlet didn’t make it far at all before they were poked by a hidden dagger. The couple of rogues who made it past the first few traps ended up being almost strangled by one of the mannequins.
When it was Dagdron’s turn, he took the proper sneaking posture that his father had taught him at age four and entered the gauntlet. He picked the pocket of the first mannequin easily enough, and then was quick enough to pick the lock of the door before the dagger trap initiated. When he came to the next door to lock-pick, he must have crouched down too swiftly because the first mannequin came after him. Dagdron kept his concentration, and was able to pick the lock even while the mannequin was squeezing his neck, and then he freed himself to move on. Still preoccupied with the mannequin that kept following him, Dagdron didn’t notice a trap on the floor, which he stepped on and was lifted up in a net.
“I’m going to let you hang up there for a while,” Scar said, “but all in all that was very impressive for your first attempt.” Some of the rogues smirked somewhat jealously, but when Scar saw them, he yelled, “You think that’s funny? Wait and see what I do to all of you who don’t even make it past the first lock picking door. Then we’ll see what’s funny.”
Dagdron was cramped, but he closed his eyes to rest until Scar decided to let him down.

That night, Dagdron and Earl left their room and headed to the staircase again.
“Don’t trip on the stairs this time,” Dagdron whispered.
“I don’t try to,” Earl said.
They climbed up to the doorway of the third landing, where Dagdron peeked out. Just as he looked, he saw the guards head down the hallway.
“Let’s hurry. They just left,” Dagdron said.
Dagdron silently slipped across the landing. 
Squeak-clank, squeak-clank. 
Dagdron turned to watch as Earl tried to stealthily follow, but the warrior stumbled partway across.
“Earl!” Dagdron whispered, hurrying back to help him up off the ground. He glanced down the hallway, but the guards hadn’t turned around, so the rogue pulled his companion to the stairs.
There were no further guards, so they made it easily to the fifth floor.
“Shouldn’t your boots be broken in by now?” Dagdron said.
“My boots are fine,” Earl said, looking displeased with himself.
“Okay, which door is his?” Dagdron asked.
“I don’t know,” Earl replied.
“How can you not know? You knew every nook before you even came to the academy.”
“That doesn’t mean I know where every alumni adventurer’s room is.”
“That sounds like the type of information you should’ve had for the quest.”
The two questers walked down the hall, examining all the doors. Fortunately, it wasn’t hard to find the correct room because they came to one with a plaque with KEMP engraved on it and a large golden trophy beneath it.
Dagdron chose not to remark about it and pulled out his lock pick. As soon as his tool made contact with the door, some force let off a burst, shocking Dagdron and throwing him backward. The rogue landed on his feet, but then fell backward, colliding with the wall.
“Dagdron, are you okay?” Earl yelled, rushing over to his friend. “What happened?”
“Kemp has his room magically sealed. But I bet he’s still not hiding anything.”
“Maybe he just doesn’t want students snooping around his stuff.”
Dagdron looked at Earl to see if he was by chance joking, but he wasn’t. “We’re going to find another way in,” the rogue said.
They headed back to the stairwell and descended to the third floor, but Dagdron stopped suddenly and turned around, motioning for Earl to go back up to the fourth floor landing.
“The guards are back,” Dagdron explained.
“What are we going to do?” Earl said, worried.
“We’ll sleep on the floor up here.” Dagdron took off his cloak and wadded it up.
“I can’t sleep on the floor,” Earl said.
“It will be good training for when you’re on a quest for a real object and you have to sleep outside.”
Earl thought about this momentarily before saying, “But what if someone walks past us before we wake up?”
“The only other option is to break into one of the bedrooms and sleep there.”
An extremely worried expression crossed Earl’s face, but Dagdron walked to the first bedroom door on the fourth floor and set about picking the lock. The room was furnished exactly like Byron’s.
“I can’t believe we’re doing this,” Earl said. “This doesn’t feel right.”
“Stop talking and stop thinking,” Dagdron said.
“Which one of us is going to sleep on the bed?” Earl asked.
Dagdron didn’t even bother replying as he found a nice spot on the floor, using his already wadded up cloak as his pillow. Earl slowly and nervously lay down on the bed, but after a few minutes, his excited hums filled the room.

Dagdron woke up first the next morning and found Earl with a huge grin on his sleeping face.
“Earl, the headmaster’s coming,” Dagdron said as he shook his roommate awake.
“What?” Earl said, bolting upward.
“We have to get out of here. Hurry!”
Dagdron went to the door, and Earl rushed after him. 
“How do you know the headmaster’s coming?” Earl said once they were in the corridor.
“I must’ve been wrong,” Dagdron said.
“That isn’t funny, Dagdron,” Earl said. “But we shouldn’t have stayed in that room longer than necessary, anyway.”
They had to wait until the morning guards came to replace the night guards, but then Dagdron and Earl jogged down the stairs to the third floor landing, pretending like they had been exercising. The guards looked at them suspiciously, but didn’t stop them for questioning. 
Earl straightened up his appearance in their bedroom, while Dagdron waited for him to head to breakfast. Dagdron grabbed his food, quickly sat down, and started scanning the girls’ side of the eating hall.
“Why are you in such a hurry?” Earl said. “What are you looking at?”
“Where’s Lita?”
“I don’t know. We really are just friends, Dagdron. We’re not allowed to eat together, so we never plan meals together.”
Dagdron bolted his sausages and told his roommate to eat faster. As soon as they were done, Dagdron led the way to the entrance hall and didn’t stop until they were at the doorway to the girls’ tower.
“Just because we were forced to sleep on the fourth floor, does not mean we’re going to lose any more honor by sneaking into the girls’ tower,” Earl said.
“I’m not going in there,” Dagdron said. He leaned casually against the wall, sharpening his dagger against the stone and running his finger along the blade.
“What are we doing here? We’re going to be late for morning classes.”
“You’ll see.”
Dagdron continued playing with his dagger, only looking up every time a girl came out. Earl got more and more antsy. When Lita finally came out, she gave Earl a surprised look.
“Is Elloriana still up in her room?” Dagdron asked without greeting her.
“How should I know?” Lita replied.
“We need to talk to her,” Dagdron said.
Lita gave Dagdron a rough look and didn’t reply.
“It’s for the quest, Lita,” Earl said, though sounding unsure. “Could you go see if she’s up there?”
“Of course,” Lita responded.
“You might have to check on the fourth floor because I’m sure her bedroom’s there.”
“No, it’s not. She stays in a first floor room,” Lita said. “There’s only one second year that stays on the fourth floor in the girls’ tower.”
“Are you sure?” Dagdron said. “I guess it doesn’t matter. Just go and get her.”
“Please,” Earl added.
“I’ll be right back,” Lita said,
As soon as she was gone, Earl crowded Dagdron against the wall.
“Why in the land do you want to talk to Elloriana?” he asked.
“Because neither of us can do magic, so she’ll have to come with us to the fifth floor of the boys’ tower tonight.”
“Tonight?” Earl said. “Why are you suddenly so anxious to fulfill the quest?”
“Because as soon as I can make sure you’re not expelled, then I can worry about making sure I’m not going to be an adventurer.”
Lita came back in a few minutes and told them that Elloriana would be down soon. She talked to Earl a little longer before going to eat breakfast. Elloriana descended the girls’ tower shortly after. Her hair wasn’t flowing quite as much as it usually did, and she gave Dagdron and Earl an annoyed looked.
“I haven’t gotten any information from Byron. I told you I would let you know as soon as I did. Stop rushing my mornings,” Elloriana said.
“Do you really stay on the first floor?” Dagdron asked.
“Of course!” Elloriana said.
“I figured since Byron stays on the fourth floor of the boys’ tower that you would too.”
“Why would you think that?”
“Because you’re both richies.”
Elloriana turned to leave, but Earl stopped her.
“We need your help, Princess,” Earl said.
“What?” she responded.
“We have another lead with the quest, but the door is magically sealed,” Earl explained.
“Oh,” Elloriana said. Her annoyance suddenly abated.
“The problem is, it’s on the fifth floor of the boys’ tower, so we’ll have to sneak by the guards,” Earl said.
“I guess I can come,” Elloriana said.
“Be at the boys’ tower at midnight,” Dagdron said. 
“I’ll be there.”
“Sharp, wench,” Dagdron added.
Elloriana let a scowl cross her face, and then she left.
“Let’s go get ready for our classes,” Earl said. “I’m glad you’re into our quest, but I know Scar told you that you still couldn’t miss classes.”
“You’re right,” Dagdron said. Earl put on an expression of approval. “I guess practicing slitting Kemp’s throat can’t hurt.”
Earl’s expression changed, but Dagdron walked off before he could respond.

Dagdron and Earl went down to the entrance hall at midnight. Elloriana showed up five minutes late with a satisfied look on her face. The threesome walked up to the first three sets of stairs. Dagdron peeked out, but the guards were blocking the stairwell upward, so the rogue motioned for the other two to head back down.
“We’ll have to try another night,” Earl said. “We can’t risk going up there again so soon.”
“Why don’t we just sneak past them?” Elloriana asked.
“These guys block the entire entrance to the stairs,” Dagdron said, glancing at Earl’s boots as well.
“I could try putting them to sleep,” she said.
“Princess, you’re not experienced enough—”
“Perfect,” Dagdron said, cutting Earl off.
“No, not perfect,” Earl said. “A serenity spell powerful enough to put someone to sleep takes a lot of magic.”
“I thought you didn’t know anything about magic,” Dagdron said.
“I said I can’t do any. I didn’t say I don’t know anything.”
“Ignore him,” Dagdron said to Elloriana. “He thinks Kemp is innocent, so he’s trying to stop our quest.”
“Oh, it’s Kemp’s room?” Elloriana said. “He’s so full of himself that I’m sure he’s hiding something.”
Earl looked appalled while Dagdron gave Elloriana a you-would-know expression.
“I bet the guards are already tired, so a serenity spell might work,” Elloriana said.
Earl nodded but followed Elloriana and Dagdron somewhat dispiritedly up the stairs.
“Stay right here,” Elloriana said three-quarters of the way up. “I don’t want my spell to affect you.”
“I told you she can’t control it,” Earl said once she left.
Dagdron ignored Earl and slowly kept going. When he saw Elloriana, she had her hands lifted and a dark blue shone from them. He hurried up to her right as the guards let out huge yawns. They stayed at their post for a few minutes longer, but then they moved to the far wall where they slumped down and closed their eyes.
“Let’s hurry,” Dagdron said right when Earl caught up with them. “They might not be out long.”
Dagdron took the lead, and they all went to the fifth floor in front of Kemp’s door. Dagdron carefully poked the doorknob with his lock pick to show Elloriana the magical force without shocking himself again. She nodded before stepping forward and placing her hands an inch from the doorknob. A sky blue color emanated from her hands. The force around the door glowed momentarily before being completely extinguished. Elloriana took a dizzy step backward, so Earl steadied her.
“I knew you would overexert yourself, Princess,” Earl said.
“I’m fine,” Elloriana said. 
Dagdron quickly jumped forward with his lock pick ready and opened the door.
“What is that stench?” Elloriana said as Dagdron entered and lit a lantern. She and Earl followed him in.
The room was lavishly decorated, but was also buried with dirty clothes, soiled armor and weapons, and other junk.
“Disgusting,” Elloriana said.
“Kemp has fulfilled more quests than any other adventurer. He doesn’t have time to be cleaning his room all day,” Earl said in his defense.
“Maybe if he hadn’t magically sealed his door some of the academy maids would have cleaned it for him,” Elloriana said.
“Stop talking about your richy lives,” Dagdron said. “We need to find what Kemp has hidden in here.”
Dagdron started tossing dirty clothes and other objects out of the way, scanning the entire room for any pouch. Earl joined in a little more hesitantly, but Elloriana just stood by the door.
 “Get to work, wench,” Dagdron said. “This isn’t Lordavia where you don’t have to do anything.”
Elloriana glowered at Dagdron, but slowly starting picking up objects that appeared less dirty.
“Wow,” Earl said. “He’s really adventured all over the place. He has so many cool trinkets.”
“I bet they’re all stolen,” Dagdron said.
“You’re one to talk,” Elloriana said. “Just because he doesn’t hide his under his bed.”
Dagdron ignored her and rummaged through the room more quickly. He eventually found a pocket book under a pile of sweat-stained shirts on the desk. Elloriana and Earl gathered around him as he leafed through the book. It was filled with descriptions of creatures Kemp had killed and other quests he had fulfilled. On the far right he had written amounts of gold coins.
“It’s his questing book,” Earl said. “Nothing suspicious. He’s keeping track of the money he makes from quests. There’s nothing wrong with that. An adventurer has to have good budgeting sense, too.”
“Then why is the running total negative on the last few pages?” Dagdron said.
“He’s losing money on his quests?” Elloriana said. “That doesn’t make sense.”
Dagdron checked out the last entry, which was described as a troll’s head. But then there were no other entries after. Nothing about a pouch or magical object he had stolen to get money to pay off his poor adventuring budget.
“This is a waste of time,” Dagdron said, though he stashed the pocket book in his cloak. “It looks like Earl’s still getting expelled.”
“Stop saying that,” Earl said. “We can still find Mercer in Bodaburg.”
“Good luck with that,” Dagdron said, walking out the door. “I’m getting out of here before the guards wake up. I’m not sleeping in a richy room again tonight. Especially not this one.”
Earl and Elloriana needed no further convincing, and they all returned to their bedrooms for the night.

Chapter 15: Dishonorable Hero

“Hurry, it’s him again,” Dagdron said, grabbing Earl and pulling him behind the fence in the front yard of a small house the last week of December.
Ever since they had broken into Kemp’s room, Dagdron and Earl’s quest had been reduced to wandering the streets of Bodaburg, searching for Mercer. They never saw any sign of him. Who they did see quite often, though, was Headmaster Gwauldron.
Dagdron and Earl crouched behind the fence, watching through the space between the wooden slats as the headmaster went by.
“Why do you always make us hide from Headmaster Gwauldron?” Earl asked. “He sent us on the quest, so he knows what we’re up to.”
“I don’t trust him,” Dagdron said. “Why would he be wandering the streets of Bodaburg every night when he gave the quest to us?”
“That’s how we know how serious he is about finding the Arch of Avooblis,” Earl explained. “He’s having us search and he’s searching himself. We’re almost a team.”
“If he’s looking for it, we shouldn’t have to.”
“Being on a quest in our first year of the academy is a great opportunity not a punishment.”
“Do you always forget that you’re going to be expelled?” Dagdron said.
“No, I’m not, because we’re going to fulfill this quest,” Earl said.
Dagdron stopped the conversation and led Earl to the tavern.
“Maybe Mercer left Bodaburg,” Earl said as they sat down at the corner table. “It doesn’t make sense that no one knows where he lives.”
Dagdron shrugged his shoulders. He had already considered the possibility of Mercer having left town, but his doubt remained because of the fact that the headmaster had said the object was still in the vicinity. If Mercer had fled, either he had left the object in his house, or someone else had it. Although Dagdron didn’t tell Earl, that’s why each night when they stopped by the tavern to warm up, the rogue watched Kemp with a suspicious eye. The alumni adventurer was always in the tavern with a mug of mead in his hand or his head on a table. Even though they hadn’t found any evidence about the arch in his bedroom, Dagdron still thought something was off with how he had stayed in Bodaburg.
“I still get excited every time we come here,” Earl said. “I bet we’re the only first years who have ever had their own table in this place. I bet we’re the only students of any year.”
“I don’t think the bartender considers it our table,” Dagdron replied. As he always did, the bartender was glaring at them until they ordered something. Earl lifted two fingers without saying anything.
“See, I don’t even have to order anymore,” Earl said excitedly. “He knows warm spiced cider is our regular.”
“What are we going to do when our money runs out?”
“How much more do we have?” Earl asked.
“I have no idea. I never counted it.”
Dagdron let a smile cross his face. It was the first time he had mentioned his “earnings” without Earl lecturing him about honor. Dagdron didn’t think Earl would ever get tired of preaching about honor to him, so he assumed his companion’s amazement of being in the tavern every night during his first year of the academy was trumping where the money had come from.
“I still have some my parents gave me,” Earl said.
“You’re supposed to save that for your new sword,” Dagdron said. “I’ll figure out how to get us some more.”
“Don’t even think about it,” Earl said. “We can find a way to earn money honorably.”
“How? We’re trapped in a snowed-in ghost town all winter.”
Earl didn’t respond, but he still took a sip of his cider without giving it a look of disgrace.
When they finished their cider, they headed back to the gates of Bodaburg. When they were only a little ways up the trail, Dagdron spotted three dark figures coming toward them. He dashed behind a tree with Earl right behind him.
“What’s the rush?” Earl said. “Who are they?”
“It’s Byron and his followers,” Dagdron said. “Be quiet.”
“What are they doing out here?”
“I’m sure it has something to do with their secret oath.”
“What? You never told me about that.”
“One night when your sleep talking was keeping me awake, I went out to my tree and overheard Gordon and Landon swearing fidelity to Byron and his mission.”
“I don’t talk in my sleep,” Earl said.
“Yes, you do. All the time,” Dagdron said.
“Maybe they’ll lead us to Mercer’s house,” Earl said.
Dagdron didn’t reply in hopes that Earl would stop talking. They watched Byron, Gordon, and Landon pass by, and then Dagdron led Earl at a discreet distance behind so that the warrior’s squeak-clanks didn’t expose them. They snuck after them through the gates of Bodaburg and down the main street to the mayor’s house. Byron knocked on the door and Mayor Rigo opened it, welcoming the three young warriors inside.
“Maybe Mercer will come, too,” Earl said.
Dagdron didn’t reply and slipped in the narrow passage between the house and the one next to it. Earl followed with a little more trouble. After ten feet or so, the passage widened a little where the garbage cans were kept close to a side door. There was a big window on the side of the house, but it was too high for Dagdron to peek in, so he quietly carried one of the garbage cans over and climbed up onto it. As Dagdron looked into the house, Earl carried over the second. He set it down next to the one Dagdron was on, clanking them together, and making the rogue have to grab onto the window ledge to steady himself.
The window looked directly into a living room, but through a doorway, Dagdron saw Byron, Gordon, and Landon sitting around the table with a group of wealthily dressed men. The mayor opened a door in the dining room, disappeared for a minute, and returned carrying a box. He placed it on the table, unloading papers and parchments.
“There’s a whole group of richies,” Dagdron said as Earl finally made it up onto his garbage can.
The bottom of the can Earl was on was uneven, so it wobbled back and forth with his weight.
“You’re right,” Earl said. “Those are some of the richest men in Bodaburg.”
“We have to hear what they’re saying,” Dagdron said, trying to jimmy the window open.
Earl was still having trouble staying steady on the garbage can. He kept leaning to the right then to the left. In his efforts, he finally tilted so far to the left that he hit Dagdron and tipped both garbage cans over. Dagdron was able to jump off lithely and land on his feet, but Earl crashed to the ground with the cans.
Dagdron grabbed Earl’s arm and forced him to his feet before sprinting through the narrow passage back to the main street. Earl rushed after him, but couldn’t make it out to the street before they heard the window open. Dagdron saw a head poke out, so as soon as Earl escaped from between the houses, they both ran across the street into Grizzard’s alley and hid amongst the trash. They held their breath, listening carefully for any following footsteps.
“I can’t believe your boots aren’t broken in yet,” Dagdron said when they had waited a while.
“Stop blaming my boots. My garbage can wasn’t steady like yours,” Earl said.
“We could’ve found out what Byron’s up to.”
“It was an accident.”
Dagdron jumped out of the garbage he was sitting in and headed deeper into the alley to find Grizzard, while Earl slowly stood up and made sure no bits of trash were clinging to his armor.
“Hello, sonny,” Grizzard said.
“Hey, Grizzard,” Dagdron said as he sat down close to the old rogue.
Grizzard offered him some dry bread and strange-looking meat, but Dagdron declined.
“Not hungry then, sonny?”
“Grizzard, were you an adventurer?” Dagdron asked.
“Yep, yep,” Grizzard replied.
“Did you go to the Adventurers’ Academy?”
“Oh, no, sonny,” Grizzard said, laughing loudly. “Old Grizzard’s time was long before old Gwidy opened his academy.”
“Did you like being an adventurer?”
“Oh, yes, sonny. The traveling, the exploring, the adventuring. I got to see all of the land. I know us rogues aren’t much for crowds and conversations, but observing different villages and people can be mighty interesting.”
Grizzard smiled as he did his best to gnaw at his dinner.
“Did you ever visit Coastdale?” Dagdron asked.
“Of course, sonny.”
“Do you remember anything about it?”
“Small but beautiful. Right on the coast.”
“Did you have quests there?”
“Oh, no, sonny. Coastdale never needs any quests. It’s the most peaceful town in all the land. It’s so small and far away that not many travel there, sonny. I stopped by there for peace and quiet whenever I fulfilled any especially dangerous quests. I spent a full week there after I rid Lordavia of two trolls.”
“You saved Lordavia from two trolls?” Earl said, finally reaching the other two when he was sure he had no more bits of garbage on him.
“Yes, rich sonny,” Grizzard said.
Earl finally had something to talk to Grizzard about without fear, so he was going to keep talking about Lordavia, but Dagdron pulled out the folded-up piece of parchment with his dad’s picture on it. “Grizzard, have you heard of my dad?”
The old rogue looked at the picture for a minute, but shook his head. “No, sonny.”
Dagdron folded the parchment back up.
“Do you know anything about the Arch of Avooblis?” Earl asked.
“No,” the old rogue said, shaking his head. “When it comes to magic, old Grizzard prefers not to partake. Magic is a nasty business.”
“Magic complicates everything,” Dagdron agreed.
Grizzard cackled. “So, are you going to be an adventurer, sonny?” he asked. “Do you want to be a hero?’
“Yes, he is and yes, he does,” Earl said.
“I don’t want to be,” Dagdron said.
“I understand, sonny, but you kind of already are. You’re on a quest, you hang out with old Grizzard in his alley, you pickpocket like no other. You might not be crazy about the idea, but you need so little that you can go wherever you like whenever you like. If you finish out the academy you can go back to the home you miss, or you can venture off wherever you like. But being an adventurer means you’re not tied down anywhere. You choose your own adventures.”
Dagdron let a smile cross his face beneath his hood, and Grizzard smiled back at him, but Earl couldn’t see in the darkness. 
“You are such a good influence on Dagdron,” Earl said to Grizzard.
Dagdron ignored Earl, realizing that his father had told him basically the same thing that Grizzard just had, but Dagdron had been too stubborn to understand it. After hearing the way Grizzard explained it, though, Dagdron understood what his father had meant.
“Take care, sonny and rich sonny. Old Grizzard’s got to rest his bones.”
Dagdron nodded and Earl beamed at the ancient rogue, and they left the alleyway as Grizzard lied down.
“We’re going to have to tell Elloriana about Byron’s secret meetings,” Earl said as they returned to the academy.
“No,” Dagdron said. “We need to focus on finding the arch so I can get out of here. If we tell her, she’ll only distract us from our real quest.”
“You’re probably right,” Earl said. He didn’t look convinced, but didn’t argue the point.

* * *

As January approached, a large poster appeared on the announcement wall in the entrance hall for the beginning-of-the-year party to be held at the academy. Different than the usual colorless announcements, this one was outrageously designed with bright colors. Not only was it for the students, but there was a note that the locals from Bodaburg were invited as well.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this famous party?” Dagdron asked Earl as they passed.
“Because I probably wouldn’t consider it famous,” Earl replied. “While I agree with Enchantress Higgins’s efforts to brighten up academy life during the winter, the party is known for being less than spectacular since very few people from Bodaburg attend. Most of the inhabitants would get more depressed coming back here. I know I won’t come back if the headmaster ever expels me.”
“We’ll see if you and Lita come next year.”
Earl reached out to grab Dagdron’s cloak, but he slipped from his grasp and hurried downstairs to the rogue classrooms.

After breakfast, on the morning of the party, Enchantress Higgins gathered all the first years to help decorate. She had also recruited a few third-year magic users who were levitating to hang some of the decorations higher up on the walls. The first-year enchanters and enchantresses were watching them enviously, while the warriors and rogues did most of the decorating down below.
“This is all part of our academy experience, so I guess I shouldn’t think any less of the beginning-of-the-year party. Everything can’t be the Winter Carnival,” Earl said to Dagdron as they hung some golden streamers on the wall. “At least it will be interesting to see who shows up.”
The students had been given a free day from classes, so after the meeting hall met Enchantress Higgins’s beautification requirements, Dagdron headed out to his tree to relax even though there were no leaves left to hide him. Earl went to get his winter cloak before coming outside with Lita. Earl cleared out a patch of snow so he could lay a tarp out for them to sit on and talk. They mostly talked about swords and fighting, but occasionally Earl tried to include Dagdron in the conversation, though the rogue always ignored him.
Dagdron had hoped that the winter would keep Elloriana from coming outside, but she had still been trespassing beneath his tree, always drying out a patch of ground with flame spells so she could sit down and read her books or write in her diary.
“Hey, wench, what could you possibly be writing about in your diary?” Dagdron called. “Nothing has happened in the academy all winter.” Elloriana ignored him so he added, “Another love story about you and Byron?”
“I know you’re really asking if I’ve found out any information from him, but I haven’t, so stop asking,” Elloriana finally replied.
 When it started getting dark, the four students headed back inside to get ready for the party. Chef Barig was ecstatically putting the food, drinks, and desserts on the tables, while Enchantress Higgins had returned to make sure everything was still to her expectations.
Although the headmaster and all the teachers were in attendance, it was the first time Dagdron had seen them allow so much socialization between the male and female students. He also saw that what Earl had said was true; not very many people from Bodaburg showed up.
“You forgot to mention that the Bodaburg people who come to the party are all richies,” Dagdron said to Earl.
“If I had told you that, then you probably wouldn’t have come,” Earl replied before turning his conversation to Lita. He was taking advantage of the opportunity to socialize with her without hiding it in Bodaburg or beneath Dagdron’s tree.
When Enchantress Higgins announced that it was time for the food, Chef Barig stepped in front of her.
“There is plenty of food for everyone at all the tables,” he said lively. “Take all you want and come back for seconds, thirds, and fourths.”
When the chef finished, Enchantress Higgins motioned for the minstrel band she had recruited to start playing music, creating a more festive atmosphere.
Dagdron scanned the crowd as everyone approached the food tables. Chef Barig encouraged everyone excitedly as students and visitors alike loaded up their plates with meat, corn on the cob, different kinds of potatoes, rolls, fruit, and bowls of chicken soup. He also prodded many of the students to take cake, cookies, and sweet breads with their dinner.
When most people had their food, Dagdron noticed that Byron, Gordon, and Landon were busy talking and shaking hands with many of the rich people. Although Dagdron had only seen them for a short time, he recognized some of the men from the secret meeting he and Earl had spied on in Bodaburg. Elloriana and a few other girl students were with a group of wealthily dressed women, daintily eating their food and politely drinking their cider.
Dagdron started asking himself why he was even at the party, but then decided he might as well take advantage of the opportunity. He slipped his dagger into his hand, though keeping it hidden beneath his cloak. The headmaster had never seemed to mind Dagdron’s pickpocketing, but he still knew it wouldn’t be smart to get caught in the academy filled with rich visitors. But he decided to test the crowd anyway.
Having no idea whether other students were has hung up on honor as Earl, Dagdron was unable to find any real openings to pickpocket any of the wealthy men because many students were looking at them. When Dagdron made his way past Elloriana’s group, she cast him a distrustful glance, but didn’t alert the ladies, so he stopped to assess the possibilities. One woman had a gold bracelet with purple gems encrusted in it that Dagdron thought he might be able to slip off. Right as he was about to make his move, though, his nose caught a familiar whiff.
That smells like... Dagdron thought... alleyway. He glanced across the hall and saw why he recognized the stench. Grizzard had just walked through the doorway, carrying a parchment advertising the party. And he had brought the alley smell along with him.
Everyone in the chamber was now noticing the reek, but Grizzard didn’t mind as he made his way to the food. The old rogue was looking so ravenously at the food that Chef Barig didn’t seem to mind the smell and began loading up a plateful of food and a large bowl of warm soup for the man.
Dagdron watched as Grizzard nibbled at his food with his few teeth and drank his soup straight from the bowl. Grizzard didn’t see Dagdron, though; he spotted Earl. His stench cleared a path for him as everyone covered their noses and stepped aside.
“Hello, rich sonny,” Grizzard said when he reached Earl. “Nice party here.”
Earl was looking around frantically for Dagdron, but the rogue had hidden behind some rich people because he was getting a kick out of how nervous his roommate was.
“Where’s your friend?” Grizzard said, dropping his voice to a whisper since everyone was looking at him. “I have quest information.”
“Really?” Earl said.
“I know how secret quests need to be kept, so find your friend and meet me outside in five,” Grizzard said. He headed slowly back to the doorway, nibbling and drinking all the way.
Enchantress Higgins had a horrified expression, seeing that everyone in the chamber was frozen, so she waved her arms for the band to start playing again and, soon after, the socializing continued.
Earl immediately glanced around the room until he caught sight of Dagdron, and rushed over to him, pulling him away from everyone.
“That was great,” Dagdron said. “But let’s go tell Grizzard to come back. I loved seeing all these richies’ faces like that.”
“Dagdron, he said he has information about our quest,” Earl said.
“I knew he’d help us.”
Dagdron stopped by the table to get another plate of food, and then he and Earl went outside. Grizzard was sitting on the ground, very content as he finished his meal. He smiled as he saw his two young friends approach.
“There you are, sonny,” Grizzard said. Dagdron gave him the plate of food. Grizzard let out a loud laugh, but took the plate and placed it on the ground beside him. “You’re not the only ones looking for that merchant.”
“Who else is?” Dagdron asked.
“That drunk warrior still in town. He’s been asking around where Mercer lives,” Grizzard said.
“I told you,” Dagdron said to Earl.
Grizzard cackled with is mouth wide open upon seeing Earl’s reaction.
“Sounds like Mercer’s tired of him bringing up his name, so he sent a note,” Grizzard continued. “Too bad that warrior didn’t know old Grizzard hides in the alleyway.”
The old rogue pulled out a soiled and wadded piece of paper. Dagdron took it from him, and straightened it out so he and Earl could read it.
“Oh, my goodness!” Earl exclaimed, patting Dagdron on the back. “He has a meeting with Mercer next week!”
“I can’t believe I’m going to say this,” Dagdron said, “but you might not be getting expelled after all.”
Grizzard, who had just taken another swig of soup, cackled loudly, spraying liquid outward.

Dagdron and Earl anxiously awaited the meeting the following week. Earl was in high spirits, sure that they would finally make some real headway on their quest. Dagdron was finally feeling like maybe he could get the headmaster’s threat of Earl’s expulsion from hanging over his head, and find out how to ditch the academy.
The night of the meeting, Dagdron and Earl walked down to Bodaburg, climbed over the closed gates, and waited by the tavern. Kemp came out, brushing food bits from his armor, but surprisingly completely sober.
“Earl, walk as quietly as you can,” Dagdron said. “We have to stay close enough to follow him, but we can’t let him hear us.”
“I know. I’ve been practicing sneaking with you just for a moment like this,” Earl said.
Dagdron rolled his eyes as they started after Kemp, following him on side streets. 
Squeak-clank, squeak-clank.
They were sure they had walked on all the streets of Bodaburg by then, but both were anxious to see where Kemp led them, wondering what they had missed.
Squeak-clank, squeak-clank.
When Kemp paused to check what street he was on, Dagdron cast a glance at Earl, hoping to get his companion to stop sneaking.
Squeak-clank, squeak-clank.
The longer they walked, the more Dagdron cringed with each silent step he took because Earl’s squeaking boots made him feel exposed even in the darkness. Fortunately, Kemp never heard them, and they tracked him until he came to a stop in the middle of a short street far away from the main street. They made it behind some bushes in front of a house just as Kemp turned around. Earl crouched down behind Dagdron, inadvertently poking his sword into the rogue’s back. Dagdron controlled the slight pain and forced himself to be as still as possible. Kemp kept looking over his shoulder and in all directions, but he didn’t notice when the shadowy figure seemingly appeared out of nowhere behind him.
Earl let out a small gasp. Dagdron gave a short elbow backward to silence him.
“There you are, Mercer,” Kemp said. “You scared me half to death.”
“I don’t see a large pouch of money, so I don’t think we have anything to talk about,” Mercer replied.
“Please, Mercer, just hear me out,” Kemp said.
“Your drunken ramblings all over town have already brought too much attention to me. My patience has worn thin,” Mercer replied.
“I will get you all the money I owe you. Don’t cut me off. This is my life.”
“You give me the same spiel every time you come back to Bodaburg, but as soon as you are out adventuring again, being everybody’s hero, I never hear back from you. The only way to let you know how serious I am, is to cut you off from all my connections. The troll head was the last free trophy for you.”
“You’re being so unfair!” Kemp said, raising his voice slightly. “We’ve been in business since my first year at the academy. You can’t expect me to complete quests on my own now. I need your connections to maintain my name as an adventurer.” 
“No!” Mercer said. “My connections won’t hold your weight. You’ve been demanding more and more glorious quests, this makes them more and more expensive because groups of men have to be hired to complete them. Because of how dangerous they are, men have been injured and a few have died while fulfilling quests in your name. A quest for you has become a very steep price.”
Earl gasped and fidgeted, nudging Dagdron which rustled the leaves of the bush. Dagdron elbowed him, hoping they weren’t noticed.
“Please, Mercer. I just need a few more years of quests and my house will be finished in Broodavia, where I can retire peacefully.”
“No!” Mercer yelled. “You have crossed the line. And now you have brought unwanted exposure to me.”
“I was only looking for you around town. I haven’t told anyone about our deals.”
“Maybe you didn’t, but we now have uninvited visitors who know about us.”
Mercer lifted his hands, casting flame spells. They blazed directly toward Dagdron and Earl, catching the bush they were hiding behind on fire. Dagdron somersaulted to the side as Earl jerked backward, tumbling onto his rump. Before Dagdron could get to his feet, Kemp ran the short distance toward him, unsheathing his sword. Dagdron got his dagger out just in time to block the blow Kemp brought down on him, but the dagger was knocked from his hand and sent skittering across the road. As Kemp swung his sword a second time, Dagdron did his best to try to roll out of the way, when out of nowhere, Earl appeared, parrying with his own sword.
“Dishonorable hero!” Earl roared, lifting his sword on the offensive.
Even Dagdron couldn’t keep his mouth from dropping open in shock. Earl fought with such tremendous skill and footwork that Kemp didn’t know what hit him. After forcing Kemp back a few paces, Earl brought his sword down so powerfully that Kemp’s own weapon was bashed to the ground. Without hesitation, Kemp turned tail and ran down the street. Earl sprinted a short distance after him, but Kemp disappeared around the corner, and Mercer was nowhere to be seen, so he returned to where Dagdron was retrieving his dagger.
“Where did that come from?” Dagdron asked.
“Dagdron, I know I’m clumsy, but the one thing I’m good at is fighting. Whenever I have a sword in my hand, I’m Earl the adventurer. I know I’m naïve, but even I wouldn’t venture out on quests if I didn’t know I could successfully fulfill them.”
“I didn’t know,” Dagdron said.
“How could you? Cross-over classes aren’t until second year.” Earl smiled slightly and, for once, Dagdron returned the smile.

Chapter 16: Concealment

During the following week, Earl was the least talkative Dagdron had ever seen him. And he wasn’t humming as he fell asleep anymore either. Dagdron didn’t mind the silence, but he was unsure what Earl planned to do about their quest because he hadn’t even mentioned the run-in with Kemp. They knew Mercer was still in Bodaburg, but had lost their only lead of ever finding him. Dagdron had started wondering if Earl might actually get expelled.
One afternoon after classes, Dagdron went out to his tree and was surprised to find Earl there. He was standing up straight, looking up at the snowy mountain and muttering to himself. Dagdron decided it was time to talk to him, so he purposely crunched some snow beneath his feet as he approached and took his hood off.
“Hey, Dagdron,” Earl said.
“Earl, I’ve been meaning to—”
“Dagdron, you don’t have to,” Earl said. “I know you’re not a talker, and I already know how grateful you are that I fought Kemp off. But, if I hadn’t been so blind, then maybe your life wouldn’t have been in danger in the first place. That’s the stupidest mistake an adventurer can ever make. Underestimation.”
“I’m sorry about Kemp too,” Dagdron said. “I know how much you wanted to believe all adventurers from the academy are heroes.”
“I know,” Earl said, looking back up at the mountains.
“That doesn’t mean everyone’s like Kemp. And it definitely doesn’t mean you’re not going to be an incredible hero,” Dagdron said, trying to make his voice sound positive.
Earl started chuckling. “Thanks for trying to cheer me up.”
Dagdron put his hood back on.
“Dagdron, I can’t believe it. Kemp and Mercer tried to kill us. This quest is leading us on much bigger paths than I expected. I know I’ve been super excited about everything, but even I hadn’t convinced myself that this was going to be a full-fledged life or death quest. What is the deal with this arch crystal?”
“How come it doesn’t sound like you’re giving up on the quest?” Dagdron asked.
“True adventurers never abandon a quest before completion,” Earl said. “We’re going to find out where Mercer lives if it’s the last thing we do. I’m not getting expelled.”
Dagdron knew he couldn’t convince Earl that death was worse than being expelled, so he didn’t reply and started climbing his tree.
“Wait,” Earl said, grabbing Dagdron’s cloak. “I have a favor to ask.”
“I’m not going to read any books about honor,” Dagdron said.
“You should do that, but that’s not what I was going to say. Will you please come to Headmaster Gwauldron’s office with me? I’m going to ask him to take down all of Kemp’s trophies hanging in the academy.”
“Is that what you were mumbling to yourself about?”
“Yes. Does that mean you’ll go with me?”
“I guess.”
“Bring Kemp’s pocketbook with you.”
Dagdron nodded and then scurried up his tree.

Dagdron didn’t know how Earl got permission to meet with the headmaster, but he followed him up the boys’ tower, questioning why he had agreed. He hated to admit it, but after so many months, he actually felt camaraderie with Earl. Before, he never thought he would feel that way with anyone other than his father.
The headmaster’s door was already open when they arrived. Earl strode forward confidently while Dagdron walked a few paces behind. The headmaster closed the book he was reading when they reached the desk, and looked up with something of a smile on his face. Before the headmaster could speak, Earl reached over and yanked Dagdron’s hood from his head.
“I’ve been anxious to hear what you want to speak to me about, Earl,” Headmaster Gwauldron said. “I didn’t know you were bringing someone with you.”
“Dagdron is my witness regarding what I have to speak about,” Earl said formally.
The headmaster nodded.
“Headmaster Gwauldron, in the course of Dagdron’s and my quest, we have inadvertently uncovered an enormous academy scandal regarding Kemp Balin, the acclaimed adventurer. We noticed that he stayed behind in Bodaburg when the snowstorm hit while all the other adventurers left swiftly. In the course of our current quest, we received information about Kemp that momentarily caused us to believe that he might be involved with the stolen Arch of Avooblis that we are seeking to recover. Our investigation of him led us to the discovery that Kemp has betrayed the honor of the Adventurers’ Academy by not completing his quests by his own efforts, like he professes. He has been paying others to fulfill missions for him while he takes the glory. Also, Kemp sought to harm a current student of the academy, not only attacking him outright, but while he was unfairly disadvantaged, further blackening the reputation of the academy. In light of this revelation and these actions, as a current student at the Adventurers’ Academy and a true believer in the Creed of Honor, I wish for all the trophies that bear Kemp’s name to be taken down.”
“Do you have evidence of this?” Headmaster Gwauldron asked.
Earl turned to Dagdron, who pulled the pocket book out of his cloak, handing it to the headmaster, who leafed through it.
“I have always had some reservations about Kemp and his magically sealed bedroom door,” the headmaster said. “Did you discover who was setting up these transactions?”
“Yes, Mercer the merchant, who actually is an enchanter,” Earl said. “He cut Kemp off because of lack of payment, which is why he is stuck in Bodaburg for the time being.”
“As I’m sure you both saw your first day in Bodaburg, Mercer likes to recruit young talent very early on. I’ve allowed him free reign because many adventurers can use some budget guidance, but I never knew how shady his dealings really were. I’ve long suspected that he keeps his house magically hidden from normal view, but I will have to reconsider the effect he is having on the Adventurers’ Academy and Bodaburg alike.”
“We agree,” Earl said. “He cast a very powerful flame spell at Dagdron and me before disappearing.”
The headmaster skimmed the pocket book a little longer before looking back up at Earl.
“Granted,” he said.
“What?” Earl said.
“I grant you permission to personally take down all of Kemp’s trophies. His actions do not live up to what the Adventurers’ Academy teaches, and his name will no longer be lauded in the halls of the academy.”
“Thank you, Headmaster Gwauldron,” Earl said, surprised at how easily the headmaster had granted permission. Dagdron was sure he had had much more material prepared to convince the headmaster. Earl appeared about to say something else, but he thought better of it and turned to leave.
“Were you going to say something else, Earl?” the headmaster asked.
“I was going to ask you for more time to complete our quest before you expel me,” Earl said. “We still have a small lead with Mercer, but it’s not panning out as we hoped.”
“Until the Arch of Avooblis that Dagdron stole is returned to me, your quest will not be over, so take all the time you need,” the headmaster said.
“Are you still sure it’s in Bodaburg?” Dagdron finally spoke.
“Yes,” the headmaster replied, opening his book again.
“Are you sure you don’t want to go get it since you seem so sure of where it is?” Dagdron said
“Yes, quite sure. You stole it, you get it back.”
Earl grabbed Dagdron’s cloak and pulled him out of the office. The door slammed shut behind them. Earl danced around until he tripped over his boots and fell to the ground.
“I can’t believe it was that easy,” Earl said. “Why did you start aggravating the headmaster like that? He could’ve taken his permission back.”
“Because I still think it’s stupid that he acts like I stole the arch.”
“I know, but you still don’t want the headmaster as your enemy.”
“He is my enemy,” Dagdron said.
“Either way, we still need to find Mercer,” Earl said. “He’s our only lead.”
“Great, that means we’re going to have to get Elloriana’s help.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Didn’t you hear what the headmaster said? He’s been suspicious that Mercer keeps his house magically hidden.”
“You’re right. I was so caught up in Kemp’s dishonor that I forgot about that.”
“That means we have to talk to the richy wench,” Dagdron said. “But, before we do that, I have something that will cheer you up even more than destroying Kemp’s legacy.”
“What is it?” Earl asked.
“You’ll see. Just meet me at the front gate tonight.” Dagdron headed down the stairs before Earl could question him further.

“This is not cheering me up,” Earl said quietly to Dagdron as they walked down the main street of Bodaburg later that night.
“It’s part of the quest,” the rogue replied.
“Dagdron, I know the quest is important, but I really think breaking into Mayor Rigo’s house is a bad idea,” Earl said.
“Until we find out where Mercer lives, we should make sure Byron’s secret meetings don’t have anything to do with the arch.” Dagdron led Earl into the narrow passage on the side of the mayor’s house.
“You’re right, but do you have any idea what would happen to our reputations if we were caught?”
“Yes. We might be expelled from the academy and banished from Bodaburg.”
“Don’t say that like it’s a good thing!” Earl whispered forcefully.
Dagdron held his tongue and silence fell as he looked in the window. All the lights were out except for a lamp in the hallway. The rogue decided it was less conspicuous to try to enter through the side window than through one of the doors. He slid his dagger between the middle slats, flicking upward. After few tries, the latch popped up, and Dagdron pushed the window open noiselessly.
Dagdron slipped inside without a snag, but Earl, his boots catching on the edge of the window, toppled to the ground. The warrior froze in his fallen position as they listened to see if the clatter had awoken anyone in the house.
“Take your boots off,” Dagdron said before Earl could stand up.
“Why?”
“We can’t risk you tripping again.” 
Even in the darkness, Dagdron could tell Earl was disgruntled. Still, the rogue waited until his companion removed his boots before helping him up as soundlessly as possible. They crept through the living room without a problem but, once in the dining room, Earl had trouble slipping past the dinner table and chairs without bumping them.
On the opposite side of the room, Dagdron tested the door he had spied the mayor enter during the secret meeting. Finding it locked, the rogue crouched in the darkness and put his lock pick to work. The lock was simple, and Dagdron and Earl entered moments later. The rogue closed the door, and then searched along the wall until he found a lantern.
 As the light spilled over the room, disappointment filled Dagdron. Even he had expected to find something of interest, but there was only a desk and chair, a covered easel next to a small painting table, and a couple of boxes.
Earl approached the boxes as Dagdron went to the desk where he found only a few pieces of parchment and a feather quill pen. The rogue ran his fingers around the edges and underneath the desk. He felt a moment’s excitement when he found a leather pouch. He briefly wondered if Byron could have given the Arch of Avooblis to the mayor, but, when he opened the pouch, he only found gold coins. Dagdron cinched it closed and pocketed it.
“Dagdron!” Earl whispered. “I saw that!”
Dagdron moved closer to Earl without replying. The warrior had been busy looking through the papers in the boxes, only finding information about different mayoral meetings from the past.
“Did you find anything?” Dagdron asked.
“No. Put that pouch back. We are not stealing from the mayor.”
“I’m not leaving here empty handed. I’ll split the coins with you.”
Earl, ready to force Dagdron to replace the pouch, stacked the papers back in the box. The rogue moved over to the easel as his companion came after him. He took the covering off the easel, exposing a painting of a castle on the top of a huge hill, surrounded by a city.
“Wow, do you think Mayor Rigo painted that?” Earl asked.
“Aren’t you going to tell me what city it is? You always sound so disgusted with my limited knowledge of geography.”
“It’s not a city. I know where all the castles are in the land. Maybe the mayor paints as a hobby.”
“Do you think anyone would buy it?” Dagdron asked.
“Definitely. The mayor’s very talented if he painted that.”
“Good.” Dagdron reached out to pick up the painting, but Earl grabbed his arm and twisted it.
“You are not taking anything else. And put the pouch back while you’re at it.” Earl took the sheet from Dagdron and placed it nicely back over the painting.
Dagdron didn’t speak. He moved back by the lantern, waiting until Earl reached the doorway before extinguishing it. He walked through the darkness to the door and then escorted Earl back through the dining and living room. Earl put his boots back on and then dropped noisily out of the window. Dagdron followed, hanging from the ledge so he could pull the window closed.
When they were back on the street and heading toward the town gate, Dagdron pulled the pouch out.
“I don’t want any of your dirty coins,” Earl said.
“Fine,” Dagdron said.
Dagdron, feeling satisfied with his take, was about to stuff the pouch back under his cloak when, from the shadows on the opposite side of the street, a ring of light, sparkling blue and pink, shot toward him. It latched onto the pouch and zoomed back across the street.
Dagdron pulled his dagger and Earl drew his sword as a tall figure stepped to the edge of the shadows casting lightning spells at the two boys. Both used their weapons in an effort to deflect the crackling yellow balls, but neither could keep up with the number of spells coming their way. Dagdron dodged one spell, but the next ball deflected off his dagger, hitting his shoulder and knocking him backward. Earl was successfully blocking the spells with his sword until one of them shot at his feet. He jumped clumsily and one lightning ball clipped his right boot, knocking his feet out from under him.
Dagdron caught his fall agilely but, as he scurried back to his feet, he was caught by surprise as purple stun spells shot at them from down the street. Dagdron was hit in the chest and Earl in the side, and both of their limbs were stunned and their vision blurred from the flash of light.
“Dagdron, they’re getting away!” Earl yelled from where he was lying on the ground, rubbing his eyes.
Dagdron, feeling his arms and legs recovering, staggered to his feet and helped Earl stand up.
“Did you see that, Dagdron? There were two enchanters. One chased the other one off.”
“You’re sure one chased the other?” Dagdron said.
“Yes. Do you think one of them was Mercer? Or maybe Kemp sent a magic user after us?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Who could it have been then?” Earl lifted his legs high, trying to fully regain normal movement. “That’s the first time I’ve been hit with a stun spell. It really smarts.”
Dagdron didn’t reply as he scanned the street, catching a slight glint near the shadows. He went to investigate and found the pouch with the coins spilled around it.
“The enchanter left the pouch?” Earl asked as Dagdron gathered up the money. “Why would he use a fetch spell to take it and then just leave it?”
“Because he wasn’t looking for money.”
“What did he want then?”
“I think he thought we might have the Arch of Avooblis.”
“You think that was the man who attacked you and your dad?”
“He was wearing a purple robe, and looked about the same height and size,” Dagdron explained.
“Where did he attack you before exactly?”
“I’m not giving you any clues about where I live.”
“Whoever he is, he must’ve known your dad had the Arch of Avooblis.”
“Probably.”
“I bet that’s why Headmaster Gwauldron is so anxious to get the arch back. There are other enchanters looking for it.”
“This quest keeps getting dumber and dumber.” Dagdron cinched the pouch tightly and headed off to the gate before Earl could discuss the quest anymore.

“Are you sure you don’t want to help, Dagdron?” Earl asked a few days after they had broken into the mayor’s house. “This is so satisfying. You could rip some of these trophies with your dagger.”
Earl pulled a goblin head from the wall of the trophy room that Kemp had supposedly killed and tossed it across the room to Lita, who caught it and placed it on the pile of trophies and plaques.
“I guess that could be fun,” Dagdron said. He crossed the room where Earl was. The warrior pointed out a plaque awarded to Kemp from Baronville for rescuing the king’s daughter. Dagdron whipped out his dagger and stabbed out Kemp’s name. Earl smiled as he tore the plaque from the wall and threw it to Lita.
“Where’s Baronville?” Dagdron asked.
“It’s a ways south of Broodavia,” Earl said. “Does that mean you’re from up north?”
Dagdron didn’t reply.
“I guess that doesn’t mean anything,” Earl continued. “You didn’t even know where Lordavia and Broodavia are.”
Dagdron walked along the wall, looking for more trophies to stab.
“How did Kemp go more than ten years without anyone finding out about him?” Lita asked.
“He’s involved with some very powerful people,” Earl said. “We’re still going to have to be on the lookout for him. I can’t believe he tried to kill Dagdron!” Earl tore a trophy from the wall that had a jagtaur claw on it and launched it across the room with a roar.
“Someone tried to kill Dagdron? Big surprise,” Elloriana said as she strutted into the room.
“Quiet, wench,” Dagdron said.
“Why do I keep listening every time you guys need me?”
“Dagdron, be nice,” Earl said before the rogue could respond. “Most people would change after having a near death experience.”
“I was never near death,” Dagdron replied. “This, unfortunately, means I have to keep hearing your voice for another few months until I can leave the academy and never come back.”
“Stop saying stuff like that,” Earl said, casting Dagdron an offended look. “You’re an adventurer and that’s that!”
“Why am I even here?” Elloriana asked. “Byron has not told me anything, so don’t even ask.”
“Princess Elloriana,” Earl said quickly to keep Dagdron from cutting in, “we do have another favor to ask of you, but we first must tell you that your very life could be in danger if you keep helping us on this quest. Kemp and Mercer attacked me and Dagdron a couple of weeks ago. Kemp really was about to kill Dagdron. And a few nights ago, Dagdron and I were attacked by a mysterious enchanter.”
Elloriana looked taken back by Earl’s bluntness.
“We now have knowledge that Mercer keeps his house magically hidden, but we have no means of finding it except with your help,” Earl continued.
“You expect me to help you, when my life could be in danger?” Elloriana said.
“Stop acting like that, wench,” Dagdron said. “You begged us to be a part of this quest.”
“Please, Princess,” Earl said. “Dagdron and I have been patrolling Bodaburg every night. Mercer knows we’re onto him now, so it’s pointless to do it without someone trying to detect his disguised house.”
“I don’t have a choice in the matter, now,” Elloriana said. “If we don’t find out what Mercer’s involvement really is in all of this, we’ll be left tarnishing the name of Lordavia. He’s too well connected with the royalty throughout the land. I have to help you fix this now.”
“You are such a big wench,” Dagdron said.
“I’ll meet you at the gate tonight,” Elloriana said, ignoring Dagdron and leaving the room.

Dagdron was surprised the following night when Earl didn’t come get him from the tree before going to Bodaburg. When he went to the front gate by himself, Dagdron found Earl waiting with not only Elloriana, but Lita too.
“Lita’s coming as backup,” Earl explained as soon as he saw Dagdron. “She’s going to follow behind us in case Kemp or Mercer attacks again.”
Dagdron started down the trail to Bodaburg without saying anything. Earl and the two girls followed, whispering to each other. Dagdron, Earl, and Lita climbed the fence into the village, but Elloriana cast a levitation spell. Her hands glowed light blue and a soft humming sounded as she gracefully lifted herself over the gate.
“Mercer’s going to know we’re coming if your magic makes more noise than Earl’s boots,” Dagdron said.
“Levitation hums are hardly noticeable,” Elloriana said, scoffing.
“My boots aren’t that noisy,” Earl added.
“Where should we start?” Dagdron asked, ending the conversation. “I doubt Mercer would have told Kemp to meet him close to his house, but he did appear in and out of the darkness without a trace.”
“We might as well start at the scene of the attack, but if Elloriana doesn’t detect anything magical, we should probably move to a different part of town,” Earl replied.
Dagdron set off again, and Earl and Elloriana accompanied him. Lita dropped back, following at a distance, but with her hand ready to pull her sword. When they reached Mercer and Kemp’s meeting place, Elloriana took a step in front of the other two and lifted both her hands in the air.
“Come on, come on,” Earl said anxiously.
Elloriana’s hands glowed light blue and created a mild whirring sound, but nothing in the area lit up as being magical.
“There’s nothing here,” she said.
“Back to square one,” Earl said.
The threesome headed off down the street, stopping on corners and at intersections. Each time, Elloriana cast her detect magic spell, but nothing ever appeared. After an hour, Elloriana cast the spell and suddenly fainted. Fortunately, Earl jumped chivalrously into action and caught her, while Dagdron watched, off to the side.
“Are her spells even working?” Dagdron asked as Earl gently laid Elloriana on the ground.
“My spells are fine,” Elloriana said, trying to open her eyes, but they rolled into the back of her head again. “My magical energy is what’s lacking.”
“Great, this is going to take forever,” Dagdron said. “Not even an hour.”
Elloriana tried to open her eyes again, but lacked the energy to banter back.
A few moments later, Lita’s lady warrior footsteps approached loudly. Earl and Dagdron readied to defend themselves.
“Sorry, but I saw Headmaster Gwauldron, so I had to ditch my hiding spot,” Lita said. “I’m not stealthy enough to hide from him.”
“He’s been wandering around Bodaburg along with us,” Earl said, “but he’s never noticed us because he’s so focused on finding the Arch of Avooblis.”
They let Elloriana rest a little longer, but then Earl and Lita helped her up and walked on either side of her all the way back to the academy.
“This doesn’t mean I’m done with the quest,” Elloriana said to Dagdron before Earl and Lita escorted her to the girls’ hallway. “I have to build my magical stamina up, but we’ll find where Mercer lives.”
“Very convincing, wench,” Dagdron said before heading across the entrance hall.

As their search continued through the rest of January, Elloriana started purchasing power potions from Chesna’s magic shop, but even boosting her magical stamina with those, she still couldn’t cast detect magic spells for more than two hours each night, so it wasn’t until after a full week of wandering around Bodaburg that she finally detected magic. Dagdron picked the lock of the house and snuck in, but found that the magical object was just a music box. Elloriana thought someone must have placed a serenity spell on the box to make the music more soothing. Dagdron took the music box and a candelabrum from the house for having wasted their time. Earl wrestled with Dagdron, trying to force him to return the objects, but when a light flicked on in the house, they all ran away and the rogue escaped with his plunder.
In addition to the quest, back at the academy, Dagdron was a little surprised to see how passionately Earl was taking his classes. He knew that Earl always took fighting seriously, but he and Lita practiced sword fighting every evening under the tree before they headed out to search. Lita had continued guarding at a distance, and Dagdron noticed that she was treating him slightly warmer than normal since she was so happy to be part of the quest with Earl.
Elloriana, on the other hand, didn’t practice at all. She just sat against the tree reading her romantic book and writing in her journal. Dagdron thought she should be practicing magic, but Earl always encouraged her to rest up for their search.
Dagdron was really enjoying the frigid evenings up in his leafless tree, but his rogue classes hadn’t been too bad either. He was surprised when he went to afternoon classes on Friday. Scar was at the front of the room, but instead of just standing there glaring at the rogues, he had his dagger out, swinging and thrusting it in a threatening manner.
“You may think I’m going to be using this dagger today,” Scar said, slashing the dagger three times in quick succession, “but I’m not. You are going to be using the daggers, while I am going to use this.” Scar put away the dagger and picked up a sword that was leaning against the wall. “I am going to pair you off to spar with your daggers, and I will take each of you individually to fight me, helping you learn to defend yourself against a sword.”
Dagdron was paired up with a stockier rogue. He already knew that most of the other rogues didn’t seem to have a problem slitting and cutting, so he wasn’t sure if he was really in danger or not. They clashed daggers a few times, and then the other rogue starting making more stabbing motions. Dagdron quickly dodged each time. He never remembered seeing any type of fight in Cliffmount, so the only reference Dagdron had was seeing Earl’s short fight with Kemp and his practice with Lita. He parried the stockier rogue’s stab, and then lifted his dagger up before bringing it down. The movement surprised the other rogue, so though he got his dagger up to block, Dagdron pushed him to the ground.
“Dagdron, you’re up,” Scar suddenly yelled.
Dagdron hurried off because it looked like the stockier rogue was about to slice his legs from where he was sitting.
“Your dagger is not a sword,” Scar said. “If you brought your dagger down like that with any experienced fighter, he would have easily stabbed you in the belly. Your dagger is too short for that. You have to use it to block and distract. Then, when the time is right, you can stab with a quick thrust or slice by bringing the dagger blade across horizontally as if you were sawing the person.”
Dagdron focused on parrying Scar’s thrusts, mainly concerned with learning to defend himself just enough to escape any fight he might find himself in. Scar wasn’t happy about this, and kept trying to get him to take a more offensive approach to the activity. Dagdron didn’t want to be assigned more homework, so he tried his best to make some stabbing motions at Scar’s stomach area, but his teacher always swiped the dagger away easily.
Dagdron was relieved when Scar dismissed him. It was only one lesson and he didn’t feel like he had gained very many skills, but he still wished he had known how to defend himself better before the encounter with Kemp. Maybe if Kemp or Mercer attacked them again, Dagdron would be more prepared with Scar’s training.

“I sensed something!” Elloriana said.
“Here we go again,” Dagdron said. “The wench is woozy.”
Earl hurried behind Elloriana, ready to catch her if she fainted.
“I’m not dizzy!” Elloriana said. “I honestly sensed some magic that time.”
It had been over a month since they began magically searching for Mercer’s house. Dagdron was surprised that Elloriana had stuck with it. He felt sure that she would get fed up with not finding anything and back out on the quest.
“Follow me,” Elloriana said, taking off down the street.
“The wench is in charge again,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana ignored him. When they reached the next street corner, she cast a detect magic spell again, and then set off running. Dagdron and Earl didn’t notice anything, but followed her anyway. After her tenth spell in quick succession, Elloriana got woozy for real.
“Princess Elloriana, you have to stop,” Earl said, steadying her. “You’re going to scorch your brain.”
“We’re almost there,” she replied, pushing Earl’s hands away from her. “I can feel it.”
Earl followed closely behind; ready to catch her if she collapsed. Dagdron kept silently with them. Elloriana finally stopped when they came to a short street that led to the cemetery. The few houses near the graveyard were nothing more than rundown shacks, but when the enchantress cast a spell, the whole end of the street was bathed in light blue.
“That has to be it!” Elloriana said.
“Mercer lives in a shack?” Earl said.
“It’s magically concealed. It obviously looks much different on the inside,” Elloriana said.
“I assume we can’t just pick the lock?” Dagdron said.
“Breaking through a magical concealment takes much more power than I have,” Elloriana said. “I’ll have to talk to Chesna.”
“Thanks for nothing, wench,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana lifted her hands up to cast a spell at Dagdron, but then she fainted into Earl’s ready arms.
“Dagdron,” Earl said, looking appalled.
“Don’t look at me. I’m not carrying her back.”

Chapter 17: The Reflection Potion

“The good news is that the spell to expose a concealment isn’t very complex,” Elloriana told Dagdron, Earl, and Lita excitedly beneath the tree in the middle of March. “The bad news is we have to collect the few ingredients from around Bodaburg.” She had just returned from the magic shop, and Chesna had told her how to uncover a concealment.
“What the heck is shadow dew?” Dagdron said, glancing at the list.
“Don’t worry about that. I can get it. It comes from a plant used in a few magical potions. I’ll have to find one that’s already thawing for the spring, but I’ve seen a bunch near Bodaburg.”
“Do you know where we can find the other items?” Earl asked.
“Chesna gave me ingredients that can be found around Bodaburg,” Elloriana explained. “You and Dagdron need to get the petals of a cave lily and bark off a destello tree. Then Dagdron can make a bowl out of the bark.”
“Make a bowl?” Dagdron said. “I don’t make bowls.”
“You can use your dagger,” Elloriana said.
“My dagger isn’t for whittling, it’s for slicing.”
“Then slice the bark into a bowl,” Elloriana said.
“I’ll slice you right now, wench.”
“It doesn’t have to be an actual bowl. Just get a piece of the bark and fix it so the other ingredients can sit in it as if it were bowl.”
“What about the flower?” Earl asked.
“Chesna said they really sprout in caves. You’ll have to look for one farther up in the mountains.”
“Sounds adventurous,” Earl said as Elloriana scanned the rest of the list.
“Lita and I can gather the other items. Once we have all of them we have to bathe the concoction under the full moon, and it will be all set.”
“Under the full moon?” Dagdron said. “This magic stuff is getting iffier by the second.”
“The moon is full in two weeks, so we’ll need everything by then,” Elloriana said, ignoring Dagdron.
“The wench is trying to take control of the quest again,” Dagdron said.
“We’ll have our ingredients,” Earl said excitedly before Elloriana could say anything.

“This quest just keeps getting more and more real,” Earl said happily as he and Dagdron climbed up the mountain behind the academy on the weekend.
“I know,” Dagdron said. “As if almost getting killed wasn’t enough, now we get to walk in the snow and mud looking for bark and a flower.”
 “You know what I mean,” Earl said, still smiling. “Sometimes it just seemed like our quest was an errand for Headmaster Gwauldron, but now we’re actually gathering ingredients for a potion to expose an evil merchant-enchanter’s house. And at least the sun is shining and the spring thaw has begun.”
“How is gathering bark part of a real quest?”
“Are you telling me you still haven’t read your adventurer’s handbook? It explains it. We’re not magic users, so if we ever need a potion, we’ll have to gather the ingredients so a local magic shop owner can make it for us.”
“Sounds fun,” Dagdron said.
The two boys continued up the mountainside, glancing at all the trees. Earl hummed cheerfully as they went.
“Elloriana said the bark, branches, and leaves of the destello tree gather a lot of moisture so when the sun hits, it makes the whole tree glisten.”
Dagdron continued without talking, watching Earl’s steps. He was surprised that his companion wasn’t slipping and sliding all over the place. At least his boots were giving him good traction.
“Look at that!” Earl exclaimed.
Dagdron looked up calmly and saw what could only be a destello tree. He and Earl changed course to walk straight toward it, shielding their eyes from the glare. When they reached it, Dagdron immediately started analyzing the trunk to see how to best cut off some bark that could be used to hold the potion.
“This is the life of an adventurer,” Earl said. “Standing on the mountainside, the wind blowing through your hair, next to a rare, glittering tree.”
Dagdron finally glanced at Earl, who was standing proudly looking out over the Bodaburg Valley. His blond hair really was blowing in the breeze.
“An adventurer is supposed to fulfill his quest, not just stand there.”
“There’s nothing wrong with enjoying the moment for a minute.”
Earl vocally guided Dagdron as he searched the bark, and the rogue finally severed a large piece with his dagger. He trimmed the edges a little to give it a rounded look, and then scraped out some of the inside to make it deeper so it would hold the liquid potion.
“Wow,” Earl said. “You are so resourceful. I could have never done that with my sword.”
Dagdron didn’t reply, handed the “bowl” to Earl, and started farther up the mountain to look for a cave. As they got higher, thicker snow still remained, but fortunately they saw a cave entrance off to the left.
“Let’s hope a cave lily is there,” Earl said.
“There’d better be,” Dagdron said.
“They don’t just magically appear. There has to be water and the wind has to blow seeds into the cave where they can sprout.”
They reached the cave, and Earl was about to head right in, but Dagdron stopped him.
“Who else would be up here?” Dagdron said, pointing to some footprints.
“I have no idea. Who could survive here during the winter?” Earl drew his sword. “Maybe it’s the enchanter who attacked us.”
Dagdron put his hand on his dagger, but entered the cave with Earl following. A frozen musty smell pervaded as they walked into the dark cave, where they found the remnants of a fire not far inside. It had been built on a shelf that stuck out of the side of the cave a few feet above the ground. Dagdron grabbed a piece of wood, held it in the still hot coals until it lit, and carried it with them to better light their path.
“Do you think someone’s still in here?” Earl asked.
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Dagdron said.
They kept their eyes peeled, but by the time they came to the end of the cavern where they found a pool of water, they still hadn’t seen anyone. Drifting across the pool were four or five pink cave lilies, adding color to the dank cave. Dagdron handed the torch to Earl, and then used his dagger to fish one of the lilies to the side of the pool and grab it. Earl took the flower and put it in his pack with the bowl.
When they returned to where the fire pit was, Dagdron looked around, but he didn’t find any supplies or sign of what someone had been doing there.
“Why would someone make a fire so high up?” Earl asked. “Why not just make it on the ground.”
“Because if the fire is higher, then the smoke floats upward, making it easier to breathe on the floor when you sleep.”
“Wow, I hadn’t thought of that,” Earl said, pausing to think for a moment. “Wait. How do you know that? Do you live in a cave?”
“No,” Dagdron said.
“Yes, you do,” Earl said. “I can tell.”
“Let’s go,” Dagdron said. “We’ve fulfilled our part of this quest.”
Earl followed Dagdron outside, grinning as he saw Dagdron give a glance back at the cave entrance before heading to the academy, where they found Lita and Elloriana by the tree.
“We got your stupid bowl and flower,” Dagdron said.
“It was so exciting,” Earl said, taking the items from his pack.
“They’re perfect,” Elloriana said.
“It’s bark that I jabbed with my dagger,” Dagdron said.
“You know very little about magic. A natural-looking bowl is perfect,” Elloriana said. “The full moon is next week, so we’ll have to finish the spell then. Since I’m sure you don’t know, we’ll do it in the forest, since magical potions brew better in nature.”
“This quest keeps getting better and better,” Earl said as Dagdron climbed up his tree without saying anything.

The night of the full moon, Dagdron, Earl, Elloriana, and Lita headed out at eleven at night, walking down the trail toward Bodaburg. When they neared the gate, Elloriana led them off to the right, staying outside the village. They walked a ways into the surrounding forest, searching for an adequate location. Dagdron spotted a clearing along a well-worn path but, as they neared the end of the trail, Earl gasped and grabbed Dagdron’s shoulders, preventing him from going any further.
“Oh, my goodness,” Earl said, his voice filled with fear. “It’s the witch in the woods’s house.”
“Are you serious?” Elloriana said, bobbling the bowl. Lita put her hand on the hilt of her sword.
“She turns academy students into toads,” Earl explained to Dagdron.
Dagdron peered at the dark house. Even his rogue eyes couldn’t make out much except for the wooden fence posts that had been carved with spiked tops, barricading entrance to the yard.
“Let’s get out of here,” Elloriana said.
Earl, still grasping Dagdron’s shoulders, turned him around and steered him after the girls back down the path. They took a different trail and, shortly after, found an unoccupied clearing.
“The perfect place for magic,” Elloriana said. 
She moved to the center of the clearing where she took out the bark bowl to add the ingredients. She poured the shadow dew in first, and then added a pinch of bluish powder, a couple of drops of pink liquid, and a small magenta fish egg. She took the cave lily out last. She rubbed each petal between her hands until they withered into tiny pieces before softly dropping them into the concoction. When everything was added, she gently shook the bowl, and then held her hands over it. Her hands glowed blue and the liquid slowly mixed itself evenly.
“It’s ready for the moonbeams,” Elloriana said, looking very pleased with herself.
Dagdron walked around the clearing as Earl, Lita, and Elloriana talked as they watched the potion. Dagdron suddenly saw a shadow move in the surrounding vegetation, so he backed up. Before he reached the others, a green creature jumped into the clearing, brandishing a small mace with a wooden handle and sporting a wooden shield as well.
“Earl, I think it’s a goblin,” Dagdron said.
The other three whipped around, Earl and Lita drawing their swords. The four-foot tall goblin took a couple of steps forward. He was wearing a fur garment that covered his chest and midsection, and wore a round, wooden helmet too.
“Magic for us?” the goblin said.
When the green creature said this, other goblins jumped into the clearing, dressed the same and carrying similar maces and shields.
“We have to protect the bowl,” Elloriana said. “If it’s disrupted we’ll have to wait a month until the next full moon.”
“Are you ready, Lita?” Earl asked.
“I’ve been dying to fight with you,” Lita replied.
The group of goblins converged from all around the clearing. Dagdron drew his dagger and Elloriana raised her hands to help defend them. The goblin that had spoken jumped at Dagdron, swinging his mace. Dagdron lifted his dagger and it embedded itself in the wooden handle, so he kicked the goblin, pulling his dagger free with the leverage. Elloriana launched blast-bolt spells, blue balls that shot out forcefully, knocking the goblins backward. While the rogue and enchantress fought nervously, Earl and Lita were swinging their swords energetically, only pausing when they took a moment to smile at one other.
Dagdron and Elloriana eventually dropped back close to the bowl to fend off any goblin that got near it, because the warrior and lady warrior were fighting so ferociously that the goblins were making very little headway. Earl finally sliced the mace handle of one goblin, grabbed it by the arm, and flung it across the clearing. This maneuver frightened the other goblins, and they started retreating. Lita and Earl let out a war cry as they ran after the creatures, but stopped at the edge of the clearing before returning to Dagdron and Elloriana with huge grins.
“What do I keep telling you, Dagdron?” Earl said. “This quest keeps getting better and better. Our first goblin fight!”
Lita sheathed her sword proudly, hearing Earl’s words, but Dagdron didn’t change his expression.
“At least the potion is ready now,” Elloriana said after giving Earl a look as if he was crazy. She carefully picked up the bowl, and the group returned to the trail to the academy.
“How are we going to know if Mercer’s in his house or not?” Dagdron said when they reached the academy gate.
“I might not have got Mercer’s address from Byron,” Elloriana said, “but I do know he has a secret meeting with him on Saturday night.”
“How do you know that?” Earl asked.
“No one would back out of a date with me unless they had a very important meeting,” Elloriana said. “That; and I overheard him talking with Gordon and Landon about it.”
“Nice, wench,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana thought about casting a spell at Dagdron, but having the bowl in her hands, she thought better of it, not wanting to risk ruining her recently perfectly brewed potion.

Chapter 18: Mercer’s House

Elloriana insisted on carrying the bowl herself on Saturday.
“Don’t spill it, wench,” Dagdron said as he, Earl, and Lita watched the enchantress levitate over the gate.
They hurried along the main street of Bodaburg. Grizzard was waiting at the entrance of his alleyway and waved his dagger, letting them know that Byron and Mercer had already gone into the mayor’s house. Lita stayed with Grizzard in case the meeting ended before the other three got back and she needed to distract Mercer before he went home. 
The other three walked briskly to Mercer’s street. Elloriana set the bowl down, knelt next to it, and lifted her hands. Her hands emanated blue light that reflected off the liquid in the bowl, shining onto the shack. In place of the crooked wooden door, an elaborate one with gold trim appeared.
“We have to get in before the reflection spell ends,” Elloriana said.
Dagdron hurried forward, tested the door, and then whipped out his lock pick. It was by far the most complex lock Dagdron had ever worked on. He could tell there were two parts to the locking system, so he pulled out a second lock pick.
“Hurry!” Elloriana said. “The spell doesn’t last long.”
“Quiet, wench,” Dagdron said.
Dagdron wiggled the lock pick while jiggling the doorknob, all while listening for the click of the lock. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the blue shine dimming and the edges of the door start to revert to their rundown image.
“For the quest, Dagdron,” Earl said.
When Dagdron finally had the first lock pick in the correct spot, he jimmied the second one in along with it. The majority of the door had now lost its luster, so the rogue jiggled with a little more force. When there was only a small fancy area still showing directly around the doorknob, Dagdron finally heard the quiet click, and he turned the knob and pushed the door open. Elloriana and Earl rushed inside on his tail. Earl tripped as soon as they were inside, causing the three of them to stumble down the three steps that were on the other side of the door.
“Sorry,” Earl said. “Nice lock-picking, Dagdron.”
“You can thank Scar’s gauntlet for that,” Dagdron replied.
The house was ornately decorated, with comfortable furnishings and expensive-looking souvenirs that could only be from villages and kingdoms all over the land. But the interior of the house was extremely small. There was a small bathroom through a doorway on the left-hand side, but other than that there was only one large room that housed a kitchen area, work area, and bedroom area. A curtain was drawn to keep the bedroom part of the house unexposed. There was only one window, which looked out toward the cemetery.
“Do all rich people live in such small houses?” Dagdron asked. “Maybe I’ve been wrong about you guys.”
“His house is only small because a concealment spell would have taken ten times as much power to keep a larger one hidden. He must not be as strong as we thought. Only the most powerful enchanters and enchantresses can create illusions that look real,” Elloriana said. “All these statues and other pots and trinkets are extremely valuable, though.”
“Don’t lose sight of the quest,” Earl said. “We don’t know how long Mercer will be meeting with Byron.”
Agreeing with Earl, Dagdron and Elloriana joined him in searching the house. Elloriana rushed to the work table to scour over the papers there while Earl looked around the kitchen area. Dagdron set about looking underneath the furniture and in other spots that his rogue’s perception could better see. Besides the work area, Mercer’s house was meticulously organized, so it was easy to see what was around.
“Look at this,” Elloriana said. Earl and Dagdron joined her as she flipped through Mercer’s transaction logbook. “He has so many connections.”
“Go to the back pages to see if Byron gave him the Arch of Avooblis,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana flipped there, running her finger down each page until she found one with Byron’s name. Mercer’s shorthand was difficult to read, but they could make out Lordavia in exchange for some sort of gem.
“It has to be the arch,” Earl said.
“So, what is Byron underhandedly planning against Lordavia?” Elloriana said.
“Our quest doesn’t involve anything about your kingdom, wench,” Dagdron said. “Let’s find the arch, then Earl won’t be expelled, and maybe the headmaster will let me leave.”
“Who cares about that stupid arch if Byron’s planning on sabotaging the commerce of the other kingdoms?”
“The quest is to find the arch. And you’re on our quest,” Dagdron said.
“The adventurer’s handbook says that quests often intertwine themselves with other side situations,” Earl said. “They can all be part of a quest.”
“Let’s find the arch and get out of here,” Dagdron said.
The rogue returned to searching the corners of the room while Earl went to the shelves. Elloriana stayed at the work desk, looking for more information Mercer might have about Byron’s plans. When Dagdron picked himself off the floor after looking under the bed, he saw that Earl had carried a chair over from the kitchen table and was standing on it in order to look in some elegant pots and vases that were on a mantle that ran around the entire house.
“Earl, be careful,” Dagdron said when he saw the warrior leaning to the right.
“There’s something in the last pot. I can almost reach it.”
Dagdron watched as Earl stretched out his right arm as much as he could. Just as he grabbed the pot, he stumbled from the chair, crashing onto an end table. The lamp and vase on the table were knocked to the ground, both breaking.
“Earl!” Elloriana exclaimed, finally pulling herself away from Mercer’s logbook. “Now he’s going to know we were in here!”
“I’m sorry, but there was a pouch in this pot.” Earl lifted the pot that had surprisingly survived the fall.
Dagdron quickly pulled out the pouch and tried to open it but it was magically sealed.
“Open it, wench,” Dagdron said.
“This must be it,” Elloriana said as she cast an open spell. A miniature blue ball shot from her hand, hitting the bag and untying it. “It has the Fortigroff crest on it.”
Dagdron glanced at the pouch. “It’s not the right one. The pouch I gave to the headmaster was a plain old one.”
The pouch was open by then and, while it held sparkly purple gems, there was no arch.
“Wow,” Earl said with awe.
“In the alley Mercer said he had been waiting for them for a long time,” Dagdron said.
“They’re Broodavian amethysts,” Earl explained. “You can only find them in a small section of the Broodavian mines. They’re extremely rare and you could buy a huge house with just a handful of them. A pouch of them would last you years and years. No wonder Mercer wanted them so much.”
“This is worthless,” Dagdron said. “Let’s get out of here.”
“At least put the pot and pouch back up there,” Earl said to Dagdron.
“Why? Mercer’s already going to know someone broke into his house,” Dagdron replied.
“Maybe I can magically repair the lamp and vase,” Elloriana said. “See if you two can put the end table back together.”
The three young adventurers set to work. Earl and Dagdron were able to put the table back together, even though the legs were still shaky. Elloriana cast a spell, which put the major chunks of the broken objects together, but the lines were still obviously visible. As she set them back on the table, turning them so the best sides showed, Dagdron took the pot and pouch before climbing up on the chair to put them back on the mantle. When the pot was back in its correct location, Dagdron glanced quickly at Earl and Elloriana. They were both cleaning up the tiny pieces of lamp and vase that remained on the floor. Instead of putting the pouch in the pot, Dagdron pocketed it.
“We’re out of leads,” Dagdron said. “Earl, you’re packing again when we get back to the academy.”
“We will just have to look at our quest from a different angle,” Earl said as they walked to the doorway.
Just as Elloriana turned the doorknob, Dagdron caught the smallest shoo sound behind them.
“Wait!” Dagdron whispered.
Earl and Elloriana turned to watch as Dagdron headed back down the steps. His eyes scanned around until they fell on the window. Something looked different. He darted across the room and found a folded piece of parchment. He quickly read it.

Mercer: We’re meeting about the arch. Monday at midnight. Old training grounds.

Dagdron quickly refolded the note and pocketed it, before heading back to Earl and Elloriana.
“False alarm,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana glared at him and scoffed before turning back around and opening the door. The threesome walked out. Elloriana retrieved the bowl where it still lay in the dark street, and they set off to find Lita before returning to the academy.

Chapter 19: Rance, Kas, & Wally

That Sunday, Dagdron spent most of the time in his tree while Earl and Lita talked below and Elloriana read and wrote. No news about Mercer had filtered up from Bodaburg to the academy, but they didn’t want to run into him if he was out for revenge. Earl was especially worried about whether Mercer could somehow identify them, but Dagdron wasn’t letting that bother him. He had other things on his mind.
I can’t believe I feel guilty, Dagdron thought, looking upward through his tree. He had chosen not to tell Earl about the note from Mercer’s house because if he was going to properly sneak out and eavesdrop on the meeting, he couldn’t have Earl stomping along with him. But, although his reasoning was sound, Dagdron still found himself feeling slightly guilty since Earl and he had done everything together on the quest.
Even worse was Monday evening, when Dagdron had to start questioning Earl about where the old training grounds were.
“Wow, Dagdron, why are you suddenly so interested in the areas surrounding Bodaburg?” Earl replied when Dagdron asked about it in their room.
“If I get bored enough in a place, even I end up wanting to know more about it.”
“I know you won’t like me saying this, but that’s your inside adventurer poking out. An adventurer loves exploring. We can take a trip down to the old training grounds tomorrow if you want. I know we’re not supposed to wander around the outskirts of Bodaburg, but we already fought off all those goblins, so I bet we could make it. Years ago, the inhabitants of Bodaburg decided to start their own adventurer training, so they built the training area. It lasted for a few years, but many of them were getting injured or worse, and the few who set out never got any quests. People denied them since they didn’t have the seal of approval that Headmaster Gwauldron bestows on the graduates.”
“No, I’m not interested in visiting it. I just wanted to know where it was.”
“Come on, Dagdron. We have to get out sometime. My adventurer legs were activated doing all our searches in Bodaburg and now they’re restless. We’re lying low while the Mercer fiasco blows over, so we can’t visit the village yet. The training grounds should be safe.”
“I think my questing days are over,” Dagdron said.
“Our quest is not over until we return the Arch of Avooblis to the headmaster,” Earl said. “And after that, I know you’ll have many more quests in your adventurous future.”
Dagdron didn’t want to talk about the quest or adventuring anymore that evening, so he accompanied Earl to dinner where he knew they wouldn’t talk openly. He stayed much longer in the eating hall than he normally did. When he finally couldn’t take the crowds anymore, he escaped to his tree, going over his plans for that evening in his head.
When bedtime finally came, Dagdron lay down in his normal spot on the floor. Earl talked to him from his bed about random things, and then started his humming. Dagdron lay completely still until Earl finally fell quiet. He turned over silently, and saw that his roommate had turned toward the wall, so he left the room noiselessly.
Dagdron was grateful not to have Earl’s noisy footsteps alongside him when he reached the gates of Bodaburg and turned to the left. He walked stealthily down the incline from the village between the trees and brush. As he neared the training ground, he saw three dark figures dressed in enchanter robes near the edge. Scattered around the clearing were weathered targets, logs, and other wooden objects that had been used for training. 
Dagdron, knowing that he wouldn’t have been able to get close enough to listen if Earl had been with him, shook the remaining guilt from his mind. He visually scoped out the surrounding trees, and chose one that was at a safe distance from the clearing, but where he still thought he would be able to hear. He snuck to the base of the tree and climbed effortlessly, finding a position to see the three men below. He waited in silence as his eyes adjusted to the darkness. The three men varied in height from tall, medium, and short. The tall figure was skinny, the medium lumpy, and the short one looked more solid. After a few minutes, the tall and short enchanters lit flame spells from their hands, looking around the area. All three were wearing purple robes. The tallest enchanter had gray hair, but the other two were younger, in their early thirties. Dagdron felt sure that the tallest must be the man who had attacked him and his father, as well as him and Earl in Bodaburg.
“Where is Mercer?” the lumpy figure said. “He’s never late for anything.”
“I knew we shouldn’t have involved him,” the shortest man said. “When it comes to dealing with this, we need to take matters into our own hands.”
“But we have no way to wander around Bodaburg when the headmaster is just up the hill, and we’ve seen him patrolling the streets every night,” the lumpy man replied. “Without Mercer’s help, how can we find the arch?”
“Your fears of Gwydion tire me after so many years,” the tall figure said.
“We’re not as powerful as you, Rance,” the lumpy man said.
“The three of us together aren’t as powerful as Gwydion,” the short man said. “Stop talking like you don’t know that, Wally.”
“You’re one to talk, Kas,” the figure named Rance replied. “If you two had been more focused on your magic than your fear twelve years ago, we wouldn’t even be in this situation. And, if you had moved faster during the summer, the three of us could have prevented this whole situation.”
“Neither of those situations was our fault. Wally and I followed you north as soon as we could,” Kas said. “Stop bringing up the past when we are on the cusp of retrieving the arch crystal now.”
“I bring up the past, so it doesn’t get repeated,” Rance said. “Mercer is obviously not coming, so it’s pointless to remain here.”
Dagdron watched as the enchanter left. The other two looked around the wooded area for a minute longer, before following the same pathway. As Dagdron climbed down the tree, the faintest sound of a twig snapping caught his attention. He glanced toward the clearing and saw a cloaked figure on the border, looking after the enchanters. The rogue remained as still as possible, wondering if Mercer had been spying on the enchanters the entire time. Suddenly, the cloaked figure took a couple of steps backward and crouched down, because the enchanter named Kas had returned to the clearing. 
Dagdron slowly pulled out his dagger as he watched the dark figure silently sneak backward while the enchanter in the clearing looked around, presumably waiting to see if Mercer ever showed up. The figure stopped when he was a safe distance away, but by then he was only a few feet from Dagdron. The young adventurer wasn’t sure what to do, so he remained hidden in the shadows until he saw the enchanter finally give up waiting and exit the clearing again. The cloaked figure took another couple of steps backward, so Dagdron decided he needed to act and sprang forward, wrapping his arm around the man, placing his dagger against his throat.
“I’ll slit your throat!” Dagdron seethed the most convincingly he could.
“Dagdron?” the man said.
“Dad?” Dagdron said.

Chapter 20: Alley & Arch

“What are you doing here?” Dagdron’s dad said.
“I’ll still slit your throat,” Dagdron said, pressing his dagger harder into his dad’s gullet. “You sent me to this stupid academy, and now I’m on this stupid quest for an imaginary arch crystal.”
“What are you talking about?” Dagdron’s dad said.
“You know what I’m talking about. You sent that stupid arch thing with me to give to the headmaster. And I know that tall enchanter was the man who attacked us in the forest and me and Earl in Bodaburg. Who is he?”
“Quiet, Dagdron, someone’s coming.”
Dagdron kept his dagger at his father’s throat as he listened into the night. 
Squeak-clank, squeak-clank.
“Oh, my heck,” Dagdron said, finally releasing his father. “It’s Earl.”
Dagdron turned around, and he and his father watched Earl try to sneak through the trees until he tripped; sounds of his body rolling down the hill echoing in the night.
“How could you, Dagdron!” Earl said, picking himself up and wiping the dirt off his leather jerkin. “We’re in this quest together. You had no right to sneak off without me!”
“I left without you because I knew we’d never make it with your sneaking skills.”
“They’ve gotten much better over the past months. Until cross-over classes next year, I won’t get proper training.”
While Earl forced Dagdron to tell him everything about what he had seen and heard that night, Dagdron’s father was observing the area to make sure none of the enchanters had returned, what with all the noise they were making, and he heard footsteps in the distance.
“Someone else is coming,” Dugan said. “We need to take cover.”
Dugan led the way behind the tree Dagdron had been in. The threesome watched the hillside from there.
“Dagdron, is that your dad?” Earl asked.
“Yes. Be quiet,” Dagdron said.
“I’ve been dying to meet you,” Earl said.
“We’ll all be dead if you don’t be quiet,” Dagdron said.
Dugan shook Earl’s hand to appease him, but then returned to observing. Not long after, a figure in a blue robe appeared down the hillside.
“Now the wench is here, too?” Dagdron said.
“We both knew you found something in Mercer’s house,” Earl said. “I still can’t believe you left without me. We’re quest companions!”
Dugan led the other two out from behind the tree. They startled Elloriana, but then she made out Earl and Dagdron and waited for them.
“Tell me what’s going on,” Dugan said.
“No, you tell us what’s going on,” Dagdron said. “I will slice you to pieces if you don’t. Why are you even here? I knew it was you staying in the cave up above the academy. And I know you’re the one who saved me and Earl from that Rance guy on the streets of Bodaburg...”
“Dagdron, I know you’re upset with me, but please control your emotions. I need to know exactly what’s going on with the arch.”
Dagdron kept his dagger out but began telling his father about the quest. Earl took over almost immediately explaining everything about Headmaster Gwauldron accusing Dagdron of stealing the Arch of Avooblis, their suspicions of Byron, Kemp, and Mercer, and all the searches and discoveries in between.
“Someone stole the arch from the headmaster’s office?” Dugan asked, bewildered.
“Supposedly it was me,” Dagdron said.
“And he sent you on a quest to recover it? Where your lives are in danger?”
“Yes,” Earl said. “The quest has been our greatest experience at the academy; even though the whole almost-getting-killed part was kind of unexpected.”
“How in the world could he let the arch be stolen right after I gave it back to him?” Dugan said with a pensive look.
“What do you mean gave it back to him? How do you know the headmaster?” Dagdron said.
“It’s a long story,” Dagdron’s father said.
“The headmaster said only you and Dagdron knew about the arch, so he said it had to be Dagdron who stole it,” Earl explained.
“Stop cutting in, Earl, or I will cut you,” Dagdron said. “My dad has a lot of explaining to do.”
“What did the headmaster do after it was stolen?” Dugan asked.
Earl didn’t respond as he glanced at Dagdron’s dagger.
“Dagdron, we don’t have time right now. I will explain everything later, but we need to figure out this arch situation first.”
Dagdron related how the headmaster had barricaded Bodaburg, searched everyone going in and out of the gate, and put up posters all over town.
“He’s been searching all around Bodaburg, too,” Earl added when Dagdron was finished.
“Now this is starting to make sense,” Dugan said.
“None of this makes sense,” Dagdron said. “Especially the part where I’m stuck at a dumb academy on a stupid quest.”
“Tell me again about the note you found in Mercer’s house,” Dugan said.
Dagdron gave in and repeated how they had broken into Mercer’s house and how he found the note from the magical slot that had led them to the training grounds that night.
“We have to complete your quest, and get you uninvolved with all of this. And to do that we need a way to get the three enchanters we saw here tonight to believe that we have the arch,” Dugan said.
“I have an idea,” Elloriana said.
“No, you’re off the quest, wench” Dagdron said. “Go back and find more information on your precious Lordavia.”
“You wouldn’t have gotten close to this far if it wasn’t for me,” Elloriana retorted.
“Right,” Dagdron said. “We did all the real work. Go back and read your romance novels and write in your diary. You’re off the quest.”
“Dagdron, I don’t read romance novels and I don’t write in a diary,” Elloriana said, almost bursting into tears.
“You made her cry, Dagdron,” Earl said. “I knew this would happen eventually.”
Elloriana pulled a book out from beneath her cloak, and held it out to Dagdron. “It’s not a diary. It’s my own notebook on spells, potions, and other magical things. And I don’t read romance novels. I study magic books.” Dagdron grabbed it and leafed through it as best he could in the darkness. “I know I’ve been acting like one of those rich people you’re always down-talking, but I’m really not like that. And I’m not in love with Byron at all, and I never will be. The only reason I’ve been associating with him and the other royal students is because I don’t want my mom and dad to know that I’m not going back to Lordavia after the academy. I want to be an adventurer.”
“What?” Earl said, gasping.
“Please don’t tell anyone,” Elloriana said. “My parents will withdraw me from the school if they find out. I admit it. I wanted to be on the quest with you because I want to know what it’s like to be an adventurer, and I want as much experience as I can get. And that’s why I stay in a room on the first floor at the academy. I know that on adventures I won’t always get to stay in luxurious accommodations.” She looked hopefully at Earl and Dagdron.
“I won’t tell another soul,” Earl said. “I’ve never been more proud of anyone in the whole Loftloomburg family, Princess Elloriana.”
“Normally I don’t tell people anything, but unless you take your name off my tree, I will tell everyone,” Dagdron said.
Elloriana’s eyes narrowed, but she said, “Fine, but I’m not giving up my studying spot.”
“I just want it clear whose tree it is.”
“If you can all put your emotions aside for the moment, we need to plan,” Dugan said. “If Mercer realizes we intercepted the note, we will lose the element of surprise.”
“We can leave Mercer another note, but using Byron’s name,” Elloriana said. “Everybody knows he meets with the headmaster up in his office, so we can say that he stole the arch and just wants to get rid of it before the headmaster discovers that he’s the real thief.”
“You would try to involve him in this,” Dagdron mumbled.
“That’s probably our best bet,” Dugan said. “Tomorrow night I’ll leave the note, and we’ll see where that takes us. But for now, the three of you need to get back to the academy.”
“I’m not going back there until I get some answers,” Dagdron said. “Like why did you even come to Bodaburg?”
Dugan started pushing the three young people back up the hill, but talked as he went. “I have not been living in Bodaburg. When word reached me about the arch being stolen, I came as soon as the snow thawed.
“What is this arch?” Dagdron asked.
“When we retrieve it, I will explain all that I know.”
Dagdron seethed under his hood, but didn’t ask any more questions on the way back to the academy. When they reached the front gate, Earl and Elloriana went inside, but Dagdron turned to face his dad, pulling out the ring he had been carrying around for the past months.
“Here’s this ring,” Dagdron said. “Why is it from Coastdale?”
Dugan took it and looked at it gratefully.
“It’s the ring your mother gave me on our wedding day. We were married in Coastdale.”
“Why have you always told me that Obors have always lived in Cliffmount?”
“Because I had to start life completely over there.”
“Why?”
“Because of the arch, Dagdron,” Dugan said, his face sinking. “I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
Dagdron had never seen his dad show much emotion, but especially not sadness, so he just watched as his father headed back down the trail from the academy.

The following morning, instead of heading to classes after breakfast, Dagdron loitered in the entrance hall until Earl came back down from the warrior classrooms to let him know that Byron was in class. Dagdron snuck back up the boys’ tower, surprised to find that no one was on guard, so he went undeterred to Byron’s door and picked the lock.
It didn’t take long to find a parchment with the Fortigroff crest on it, and then he hurried to class, so his absence wouldn’t rouse any suspicion. Dagdron never particularly enjoyed class time, and he couldn’t get his mind off his father and wondering what was really going on with the Arch of Avooblis.
Elloriana, Earl, and Lita were already waiting at the tree after classes, anxious to know if Dagdron had found the parchment. Dagdron gave a quick glance at the trunk of the tree, and saw that Elloriana had taken off any bark that had ever held her name.
“I would’ve written the note myself, but I need your help to make it sound like a richy wrote it,” Dagdron said when he pulled out the parchment.
“While you’re correct, you don’t need to say it in that way,” Earl said. “I’ll write the note.”
The group told Earl what to write as if he were Byron, telling Mercer that he had stolen the arch from the headmaster’s office during one of his many meetings with him, but now he was scared that the headmaster was getting suspicious of him, so he needed to get rid of it as soon as possible. He apologized for not telling him at their meeting two nights prior, but he hadn’t gotten up the nerve. At the end of the note, they asked Mercer to meet the following night at midnight in the alleyway where they had met before.
“I think it sounds convincing,” Earl said, looking pleased with himself.
“Dagdron, why does your dad want to pretend like we have the arch? Why would he want the enchanters to think that?” Elloriana asked.
“I don’t know,” Dagdron replied. “He just said this will help us fulfill our quest.”
“Do you think Mercer has the arch then?” Earl said. “If those enchanters had it, it would already be outside of Bodaburg, so why would they still be hanging around?”
“I have no idea,” Dagdron said, “but I think my dad knows what he’s doing.” 

Later that night, Dagdron and Earl snuck out to the front gate of the academy when it was dark. Dagdron’s father was waiting for them, and they showed him the note.
“I think it will do the trick,” Dugan said. “I’ll take it to Mercer’s house. You two need to get back to bed.”
“Don’t act like you’re the headmaster,” Dagdron said.
“You’re going to be out late tomorrow night, so you need rest,” Dagdron’s dad said, trying to sound nicer about it.
“After you deliver the note, you need to stop by the alleyway and tell Grizzard,” Dagdron said. “He’s an old rogue that lives there.”
“I’ll find him. If the plans change, I’ll let you know. Otherwise, be down in Bodaburg at ten and I’ll tell you the specific plans.”
Dugan left, and the two boys returned to their room.
“Dagdron, this quest just keeps getting more and more real. I can’t believe it,” Earl said.
“It’s too real,” Dagdron said.
“Did your dad tell you anything about the ring?” Earl asked.
“No, but I think my mom and dad are from Coastdale.”
“I bet he’ll tell us everything that’s going on after tomorrow night.”
“I doubt it,” Dagdron said. He rolled over on the floor as Earl started humming.

Dagdron woke up early, already thinking about the questing that night, but compared to Earl, Lita, and Elloriana, he was emotionless. Earl was already pacing around the bedroom when Dagdron opened his eyes. At breakfast, Lita just about started a brawl, but Earl hurried over to the first-year girls’ table and escorted her from the eating hall after she started yelling at some of the other lady warriors. Elloriana just played with her food, barely eating anything.
At night, Dagdron walked down the trail to Bodaburg ahead of the others, observing all around to make sure no one was watching. When all four of them were inside the gate, Dagdron’s dad signaled to them from the shadows and led them around on side streets before looping around to the main street across from Grizzard’s alleyway. Dugan stopped in the shadows to explain the plans.
“Earl, you have a warrior’s physique, so you’ll take the pouch into the alleyway,” Dugan said, taking out a pouch. “I’ve enchanted the rocks to glow blue. When Mercer or the enchanters approach you, open the pouch and set it on the ground. Do not get close to them and be ready to defend yourself. Magic users like to attack from a distance. You’ll hide with Lita on this side street until it’s time for the meeting. Don’t worry about being seen. Just walk briskly across the street and into the alley.”
“Don’t even think about sneaking,” Dagdron said.
“I’m ready,” Earl said, though Dagdron noticed he didn’t look as confident about his part in the quest as he normally did.
“Lita, like I said, you’ll wait here. As soon as you see Mercer enter the alleyway after Earl, be prepared to come in behind him, but you’ll have to wait and see what the enchanters do. If they stay back, don’t get trapped in between them. Be strategic about it.”
“I’m ready,” Lita said, patting her sheathed sword.
“Elloriana, you’ll come into the alley with me and Dagdron. We’ll be hiding in the shadows, ready to protect Earl with dagger and magic.”
Elloriana didn’t say anything, but nodded as she took a deep breath.
Dugan took Dagdron and Elloriana with him into the alley, and they hid in the shadows among the boxes and crates.
“Did you tell Grizzard?” Dagdron whispered.
“Yes,” Dugan replied.
Dagdron stayed crouched and calm, but he noticed that Elloriana was constantly wiping her hands on her robe.
“Stop moving, wench,” Dagdron whispered.
“I’m trying to stay still, but I’ve never had to use magic in defense before,” Elloriana replied.
“Be calm,” Dugan said. “Don’t worry about your spells being completely accurate. Even if you create a distraction, we can make sure Earl’s safe.”
Dagdron passed the time running his finger along his dagger, while Elloriana continued to fidget, feeling like she had been waiting in the alley for hours and hours.
“It’s about time,” Dugan said.
Earl’s heavy footsteps were easy to hear as he crossed the street, and then Dugan whispered so only Dagdron could hear.
“Don’t let the enchanters leave the alley.”
“What?” Dagdron said.
“Search in their robes if you get the chance,” Dugan said.
Earl had rushed into the alleyway by then, and Mercer must have been waiting because he came in right after.
“Byron, I’m right here. Why are you in such a rush?” Mercer said.
“I was worried the headmaster was following me,” Earl said, trying to imitate Byron’s deeper voice. “I want to get rid of this arch and be done with it.”
“Give it to me,” Mercer said. “I’ll take care of it.”
Earl fumbled the pouch as he pulled it out, but he managed to get it open. The blue light was such a contrast with the darkness of the alley that Earl was blinded. As he bent down, the pouch fell from his hand, but landed standing up.
“Get it!” a voice yelled as three dark figures ran into the alley.
Dagdron saw his father dart out in an instant, so he followed. Earl had backed up from the pouch, tripping over his boots and falling to the ground. The tall enchanter cast a fetch spell, carrying the pouch to him. He held it triumphantly, but then yelled in disgust.
“It’s a fake!” Rance yelled, throwing the pouch to the ground. The blue rocks spilled out and lit up the alley with a dim glow.
Dugan and Dagdron had reached Earl by then, but the three enchanters began casting flame, blast-bolt, and lightning spells in their direction. Elloriana had come out of hiding as well and cast flame spells at the enchanters. This allowed Dugan to close in on Wally, with whom he tussled before throwing him against the alley wall. Seeing this, Kas jumped on Earl, who was still sitting on the ground. They started wrestling. Dagdron had his dagger at the ready as he approached Rance, trying to dodge the lightning spells that came at him, but one of the balls hit him, knocking him to the ground. Rance pulled him up and grabbed him from behind, placing his right hand against Dagdron’s throat.
During all this tumult, Mercer had decided to flee the scene, but Lita ran into the alleyway and body-checked him. She had her sword drawn, and she stood above him pointing the sword at his throat.
“We’ll kill the kids,” Rance said.
Elloriana immediately stopped casting spells. Dugan had his dagger on Wally’s throat, but saw that Dagdron was trapped by Rance, and Kas had overwhelmed Earl on the ground.
“Grizzard’s here,” a voice suddenly cackled. Dagdron saw a heap of trash fly everywhere as Grizzard, who had been hiding underneath it, stood up, ran forward, and dove onto Kas, knocking him off Earl.
In that moment, Dugan threw his dagger across the alley. Before Dagdron could even react, he felt the dagger whizz by his ear, and Rance cried out in pain. Dagdron freed himself and saw that his father’s dagger had impaled itself where the enchanter’s arm met his shoulder. As Rance dropped to the ground, Dagdron quickly started searching his robe.
“No!” the enchanter seethed, trying to stop Dagdron with only his left hand.
Dagdron frisked faster until his hands found a bulge, but then, Rance pulled the dagger out of his shoulder, and cast a lightning spell at Dagdron. The crackling ball hit him in the chest, jolting him backward. Rance dragged himself to his feet, ready to flee the alleyway. Dagdron shook off the effects of the spell and lunged forward with his dagger, catching it on Rance’s robe, and slicing downward. A pouch fell to the ground from the rip in the robe. Rance, cringing with pain, cast a fetch spell to recover the pouch, but Dagdron dove over it. The magical ring hit his back, fetching him back to Rance. The rogue collided with the enchanter, the force slamming both of them into the alley wall.
“He’s got the arch!” Rance yelled, wincing as he made an effort to grab for the pouch. Dagdron jumped back to his feet, dodging the fetch spells Rance sent after him.
The other two enchanters cried out as well, but Dugan easily kept Wally constrained, and, in spite of Kas’s renewed effort to push Grizzard off him, Earl joined the old rogue in combining their strength to restrain him.
Lita had been watching the fight, so she didn’t see Mercer launch a blast-bolt spell up at her from the ground. She was knocked backward, and Mercer jumped to his feet. 
“Enough!” a voice yelled. “Mercer, leave this alley instantly or I will shut down your entire operation.”
Everyone glanced toward the entrance of the alleyway. Headmaster Gwauldron was standing there, hands raised, ready to launch spells at anyone who disobeyed. Mercer needed no more convincing and left immediately.
The headmaster helped Lita up, making sure she wasn’t severely wounded, before walking deeper into the alley.
“Rance, Kas, and Wally,” the headmaster said. “Leave now, or I will end you.”
Dugan, Grizzard, and Earl released the enchanters. Kas and Wally crossed the alley to help Rance up.
“I’ll have my revenge, Gwydion,” Rance said.
“I’ll be waiting,” the headmaster said. He watched until they were out of the alley, and then turned back around. “Dagdron, it’s time for you to fulfill your quest.” He cast a fetch spell, but Dagdron dodged the pouch out of the way.
“Dagdron, don’t give it to him!” his father exclaimed.
Dagdron quickly grabbed the pouch with both hands as the headmaster cast another fetch ring.
“Dugan, do not trifle with me,” Headmaster Gwauldron said.
“Trifle? You put four teenagers’ lives at risk,” Dugan said.
“Their lives were never in danger,” the headmaster said. “I was following them each and every time they were wandering around Bodaburg. Although they did seem to handle things quite well on their own. The only time I was worried was when Mercer and Kemp spotted and attacked them, but I had Scar teach dagger fighting immediately after that. That way, at least Dagdron could have some preparation in case of another confrontation.”
“But I had to save them when Rance attacked them in the street,” Dugan said.
“Yes, I saw that, and it worked far better. I couldn’t let Rance know I was onto him quite so soon.”
“Dad, he’ll expel Earl,” Dagdron said.
“No, he won’t.” Everyone turned to see Elloriana step forward. “If he expels Earl, I’ll tell my parents about all of this.”
“Then maybe I’ll tell your parents about your plans for the future,” the headmaster said.
“Fine,” Elloriana said. “I’ll give up being an adventurer. But Earl deserves to be one. He might be a loudmouth, but I saw him growing up. I’ve never seen anyone work harder and have a greater desire to be an adventurer.”
“Princess Elloriana,” Earl said, but then his mouth dropped open and even he didn’t know what else to say.
“Dugan, you know that pouch needs to be in my possession,” the headmaster said, extending his hand.
“It was much safer in mine,” Dugan said, but the headmaster kept his glare on his face with his hand held out. “We’ll discuss it in your office,” Dugan continued. “We need to go there anyway for their quest to truly be fulfilled. Right?”
“Fine, but you don’t touch the pouch. I won’t wait another twelve years,” the headmaster seethed. “Of course, I won’t have to. I know exactly where to find you now.”
Dugan ignored him and they got ready to leave.
“Are you okay, Grizzard?” Earl asked. “Thanks for saving me.”
“Old Grizzard is just fine, rich sonny,” he replied. “And here I thought my adventuring days were long over with. But the old trash heap trick worked again!”
Grizzard’s loud cackle echoed in the alley as he headed toward the back while the others set off for the academy.

Chapter 21: Duplicity

Dagdron asked questions the entire trip back to the academy, but his father refused to answer any of them. They all followed the headmaster to the top of the boys’ tower and into his office.
“First things first,” Dugan said before the headmaster could say anything. “Dagdron and Earl, why don’t you search the headmaster’s office? That’s the only way you’ll fulfill your quest.”
“Why do you keep saying stuff like that?” Dagdron said, as Earl looked confused. “We already found the arch.”
“Search the office,” Dugan repeated.
Headmaster Gwauldron didn’t look happy, but he opened a drawer in his desk and took out a pouch. He set it down, cast an open spell, and a blue arch was exposed.
“You were right, Dagdron!” Earl exclaimed. “You kept saying something was off with the things Headmaster Gwauldron was telling us.”
“I kept telling you the arch hadn’t left the vicinity,” the headmaster said, looking at Dagdron. “I apologize for accusing you of stealing it, but I needed Rance, Kas, and Wally to believe that it really had been. Acting as if a student had done it and then placing the barricade around the city was the only way to trick them into believing that the arch was really out there.”
 “You’re a fool,” Dugan said to the headmaster. “Dagdron has no part of this.”
“They all have a part in this now,” the headmaster said. “Even though I didn’t quite mean for Elloriana and Lita or even Earl to become involved, the enchanters saw all of them.”
“What’s your game?” Dugan asked.
“No game. I got what I wanted.” The headmaster held out his hand toward Dagdron.
Instead of giving it to the headmaster, he turned to his father and held out the pouch. Dugan cast his own open spell, and Dagdron pulled out an identical arch.
“So our quest was really to find the second one?” Earl said.
“Yes,” the headmaster replied. “Again, I’m sorry to have deceived you, but I did try to guide you as best as I could. I tried to keep the staircase guarded so you’d forget about Kemp, and I dropped hints about Mercer’s house being magically hidden. I didn’t want the enchanters to know I was involved, because they could have fled if they ever thought I was tricking them. But I knew they’d never leave their arch unguarded, so, if I could get you four to trap them without my being fully involved, I knew we could get them. Of course, I assumed Dugan would show up eventually, when news of the theft reached his ears, and he helped you out just in time.”
“What do the two arches do?” Dagdron asked, still not giving it to the headmaster.
“Two of them do nothing,” Headmaster Gwauldron said.
Dagdron, Earl, Lita, and Elloriana waited for the headmaster to continue, but he didn’t.
“There are three arch crystals,” Dugan finally said. “The third one’s location is still unknown.”
“Exactly,” the headmaster said. “Which is why I should keep these two safe. Dagdron, I must insist this time. Give me the Arch of Avooblis.”
Dagdron looked at his dad.
“You can have it,” Dugan said. “But you really are a fool.”
“You have to promise that you’ll never threaten to expel Earl again, and that you’ll keep Elloriana’s plans a secret,” Dagdron said.
“You have my word,” the headmaster said.
Dagdron walked forward and placed the second arch next to the first one.
“I am truly proud of you four,” the headmaster said. “Not only did you retrieve the arch, you exposed Kemp, which was a mystery to me. I honestly had no idea he was a dishonorable hero. You also put some pressure on Mercer, which I am extremely happy about. While he doesn’t do anything illegal necessarily, he’s quite a shark and it’s good to keep him in check. You did a really good job adventuring. I never expected so much from first years.”
Dagdron kept his face expressionless, but Earl puffed out his chest proudly, and Lita and Elloriana smiled.
“Dugan, thanks for your help, but you are no longer permitted to be in my office or academy,” Headmaster Gwauldron said.
Dugan led the four teenagers out of the office. Scar and Warrior Sawkett were waiting there and grabbed Dugan to escort him down the stairs.
“Scar, wait,” Dagdron said. “I have to talk to my dad.”
“Parents are not allowed at the academy during the school year except by special invitation,” Scar said.
“Dagdron, come down to the Adventurer’s Quest Inn tomorrow evening. We’ll talk then,” Dugan said.
“I’m coming now,” Dagdron said. “I’m done with this academy. I’m going back home with you.”
“You’re not,” Dugan said. “You are going to finish your three years at the Adventurers’ Academy.”
Scar pulled Dugan into the stairwell before Dagdron could say anything else.
“We’ll go see him tomorrow,” Earl said, patting Dagdron on the back.
Dagdron didn’t reply. The girls went back to their tower, and Earl and Dagdron to their bedroom.
“We still don’t know anything,” Dagdron said as Earl got ready for bed. “We don’t know what the arches do, we don’t know who those three enchanters are, and I have no idea how my dad had one of the arches in the first place.”
“I’ll go with you tomorrow, and we’ll ask your dad all those questions,” Earl said.
Dagdron wadded up his cloak and lay down on the floor. Once Earl was in bed, he continued talking.
“Doesn’t it feel good to have finally completed the quest?” Earl said.
“No,” Dagdron said.
“There’s nothing like the spirit of adventuring.”
“I know. It’s really worthless.”
“This quest taught me so much. It was probably a really good thing the headmaster lied to us, because it taught us to expect the unexpected and look at quests from every angle.”
“No, it wasn’t.”
“But, do you know what I learned most from this quest?”
“No, and I don’t want to.”
“That I’m the luckiest student at this academy to have you as my roommate and friend. None of this would’ve happened if we didn’t share a room. I mean it, Dagdron. You’ve made my first year at the academy way better than I ever imagined, and you know all my illusions of grandeur I had about this place. Thank you.”
“You’re not welcome,” Dagdron said.
Earl chuckled and then started humming.

The following evening, Dagdron was anxious to get down to the inn to talk to his father, and Earl didn’t want to be left behind, so he rushed back to the room after classes. The two boys headed down to Bodaburg and found the Adventurer’s Quest Inn.
“Are you Dagdron?” the dirty-looking man behind the grubby front desk asked.
“Yeah,” Dagdron replied.
The man held out a piece of parchment. Dagdron hurried forward to grab it and read it before Earl could see.

Dagdron, I’m sorry to leave without talking to you, but I had business I had to attend to immediately. Please stay for your remaining month at the academy. You can come home during the summer. I promise I’ll answer all your questions then.
Dad

“He left. I knew I should’ve slit his throat when I had chance,” Dagdron said.
“I’m so sorry, Dagdron,” Earl said.
Dagdron shredded the note with his dagger as soon as they were outside. 
“We already missed dinner at the academy, so we might as well eat at the Bodaburg Tavern. There’s a table with our name on it there,” Earl said.
Dagdron didn’t respond, and they walked in silence to the tavern where they sat in their corner table. Earl yelled out their dinner order for ham legs and potato wedges. They hadn’t noticed him before, but after hearing Earl’s voice, Kemp, who was sitting at the bar drinking mead, turned around on his stool and glared at them without taking his eyes off of them for the entire time they were eating.
“I think we’re going to have to watch out for him,” Earl said when they left the tavern.
“I know,” Dagdron said. “As if the academy couldn’t get any worse, we’ll have to worry about Kemp, Mercer, and three crazy enchanters trying to kill us.”
“Headmaster Gwauldron will protect us,” Earl said.
“Yeah, sure,” Dagdron said. “It’s his fault we’re in danger.”
“It’s all part of being an adventurer,” Earl said optimistically.
Dagdron didn’t respond.
As they headed toward the village gates, Elloriana came walking toward them.
“What did your dad say about the arches?” Elloriana asked.
Dagdron gave her a cold look without responding.
“He had already left,” Earl explained.
“I’m sorry, Dagdron,” Elloriana said. “I came to find you because Chesna asked me to tell you she wants to speak with you.”
“About what?” Dagdron said.
“She just said it was important.”
Dagdron and Earl headed straight to the magic shop with Elloriana. Chesna smiled at them when they walked in.
“Elloriana has been keeping me informed about your quest, but I decided I should only give this information to you,” Chesna said. “It appeared in my shop anonymously last night, so I don’t know which of my magic-user connections sent it, but I think it might be true, especially since Dagdron was the one involved.”
Chesna held out a strip of parchment and Dagdron took it. He didn’t bother trying to hide it from Earl or Elloriana.

The Arches of Avooblis were created in Coastdale.

“Oh, my heck, Dagdron!” Earl exclaimed.
“Why are you so excited?” Dagdron responded. “All this does is give us more unanswered questions.”
“It was nice of Chesna to give it to us,” Earl said.
Chesna smiled as she watched Dagdron store the parchment in his cloak, unoffended by the rogue’s attitude.
“Thank you,” Earl said as Dagdron turned to leave the shop.
“You’re welcome. I wish you well on your quest,” Chesna said. “It appears it is not yet over.”
Earl and Elloriana thanked Chesna again before following Dagdron outside.

* * *

Dagdron was fine getting back to normal academy life the following week. He went to all his classes, but then spent the rest of the time in his tree, enjoying the pleasant spring weather and the blossoming leaves that were hiding him again. Earl brought him out a dinner plate every night, and Lita and Elloriana joined them, although Dagdron just kept to himself up in the tree.
Dagdron was surprised one morning when he went to class and Scar told him he had a meeting in the headmaster’s office immediately. Dagdron didn’t even ask why, and returned to climb to the top of the boys’ tower, where the headmaster’s door was waiting open. Dagdron entered, keeping his hood on. The headmaster was seated. There was a bulging pouch in the middle of the desk.
“Now that your first year at the academy is mostly over,” the headmaster said, “I was wondering what you think about adventuring.”
“It’s not the worst thing in the world,” Dagdron said. “But I won’t do any more imaginary quests.”
The headmaster chuckled. “Those aren’t too common. I have something for you.”
When the headmaster turned around, Dagdron darted his hand forward, grabbed the pouch, and pocketed it in an instant. The headmaster turned back around and handed him a thin book. It was a history of Coastdale.
“Why did my dad leave Coastdale?” Dagdron asked.
The headmaster just shook his head.
“How do you know my father?” Dagdron asked.
“I can’t answer your questions,” the headmaster said.
“What do the arches do?”
“You are overstepping your bounds.”
“Why did my father have the arch?”
“All you need to know is that I still despise your father,” the headmaster said.
“I’m sure he still despises you too,” Dagdron said before turning to leave.
“Dagdron,” the headmaster called. “The only reason I let you take that pouch from my desk is because it’s the earnings from your quest. I’ll let you distribute them amongst Earl, Elloriana, and Lita as you see fit.”
“It was supposed to be fifty thousand,” Dagdron said, but didn’t stop and didn’t look back.
“That reward was for the arch you didn’t retrieve,” the headmaster said, but Dagdron slammed the door as soon as he was outside the office.
As he was descending the boys’ tower, Dagdron met Scar and the other rogues on their morning run, so he fell into line with them.
When afternoon classes were over, Scar grabbed Dagdron before he could leave.
“You think you can miss half of the morning run just because the headmaster gave you a special little quest?” Scar said. “You’re staying after.”
Dagdron didn’t complain; he just drew his dagger. Scar smiled as he lifted up his own. They sparred together for an hour. Scar kept goading Dagdron on, insulting him about his poor fighting and dagger skills. Dagdron kept his emotions controlled, but kept the thought of the dangers he had faced that year and the glare of Kemp in the tavern as motivation to learn to fight in case his rogue skills weren’t enough.
When Dagdron finally made it out to the tree, Earl, Elloriana, and Lita were waiting for him.
“There you are, Dagdron,” Earl said. “I was looking all over for you. Headmaster Gwauldron said you have our earnings from the quest, so I figured you were trying to hide from us.”
Dagdron ignored him and started climbing the tree.
“Wait,” Elloriana said.
Partway up the trunk, Dagdron turned to look.
“I know we finished our first quest, but during the summer I want you guys to think about what Byron might really be up to,” Elloriana continued. “Our families are going to visit each other’s kingdoms this summer, but I could really use your help when we get back for second year.”
“You know Lita and I will help you,” Earl said.
“I’m more interested in finding out what those arches do, or not questing at all,” Dagdron said.
“Dagdron, please,” Elloriana said. “We worked so well as a team this year.”
“Maybe I’ll ask my dad if he knows anything about Broodavia,” Dagdron said.
“Thank you,” Elloriana said.
“And maybe Earl should tell you about the secret meetings Byron’s been having with the richies in Bodaburg that we’ve been hiding from you,” Dagdron said.
“What?” Elloriana said.
“I’ll tell you later,” Earl said.
Dagdron returned to climbing the tree, but Earl grabbed his cloak with one hand and pulled his hood off with the other.
“Give us our share of the quest earnings first,” Earl said.
“The headmaster said I can distribute them as I see fit,” Dagdron said, kicking down at Earl.
“Dagdron, how can you still be like this after all we’ve been through?” Earl said.
Dagdron kept kicking until Earl let him go, and he scurried up into the tree.
“Come on, Dagdron,” Earl said. “I know the honor of fulfilling the quest is reward enough, but it’s still nice to get a monetary reward, too.”
“You thief,” Elloriana said. “Don’t you have enough stolen coins under your bed?”
“You richies have enough gold,” Dagdron said. 
“We earned that gold,” Earl said.
Dagdron opened the pouch and started flicking coins down at Earl, Elloriana, and Lita.
“Take your reward, wench,” Dagdron said, throwing coins in Elloriana’s hair. “More coins for you, richies.” Dagdron showered a handful of coins on Earl and Lita.
“Dagdron, there are ladies down here!” Earl said.
Dagdron continued to toss gold coins out of the tree until Earl and Lita had their swords out to block and Elloriana was casting protection spells, then he closed the pouch, keeping the remaining coins for himself. Once the raining gold stopped, Earl, Lita, and Elloriana gathered up all the coins and split them equally.
Dagdron climbed up to his lounging branch and then glanced down. Elloriana already sat in her usual spot and had pulled her books out to study and make notes about magic. Earl and Lita were sitting on the opposite side of the tree, resting their heads against each other.
I guess having friends isn’t that bad, Dagdron thought, even though he knew he would never admit that to the others. He put his hood back on and tossed his dagger up into his tree.

* * *

“Hi, reader, this is Dagdron. You’ve finished The Arch of Avooblis, now leave a review or I’ll slit your throat!”
“Dagdron, stop! Sorry about that. Earl Valorington here. Thanks for reading the first book in the Adventurers’ Academy Series. We’d be extremely grateful if you left a review for us. And to be notified whenever one of our new adventures is released, please sign up here: http://eepurl.com/BcShL Thanks again for reading The Arch of Avooblis!”

See other books by Charles Streams at http://charlesstreams.blogspot.com/ and feel free to join on Facebook: www.facebook.com/charles.streams 

The Soul Alliance Series
1. Respites of Power 
2. Thorn of Gooze 
3. Zappers of Sneldegar 
4. Dark Prophecy of Malgorpeo – Coming Soon

Soul Alliance Short Stories
1. Gruño’s Santa Claus 

The Adventurers’ Academy Series
1. The Arch of Avooblis 
2. The Shrine of Avooblis 
3. The Howl of Avooblis

The Vendisizing Series
1. Adventures in Vendisizing
2. Adventures in Playground Hopping – Coming Soon
3. Journeys in Vendisizing – Coming Soon
4. Journeys in Playground Hopping – Coming Soon

