






The Survivalistas
Book 1- Indiana
By Shandy Jo
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Shandy Sanford

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, and events are fictitious in every regard. Any similarities to actual events and persons, living or dead, are purely coincidental. Any trademarks, service marks, product names, or named features are assumed to be the property of their respective owners, and are used only for reference. There is no implied endorsement if any of these terms are used. While the places maybe real the author has used creative license.





Author's Note: This work has not been professional edited, I do this as a hobby for fun. That is why my books are currently free. If you find any misspellings, grammar issues or problems in general with this work please let me know. I look forward to hearing what you think, feel free to email me at momofjandc@gmail.com or just lay it all on the line and leave a review. I encourage constructive criticism of all kinds. Thank you!







Prologue

“Happy birthday, baby.”
“Thanks, Mom,” Indiana murmured, flipping through the gift cards and spa certificate. 
“I noticed your outfits were a little last season, sweetie.”
Indiana forced a smile, knowing her mom well enough to hear a shopping spree in those words. Her father harrumphed and pushed several boxes toward her. 
“Open mine now, Pumpkin.”
Indie picked up a small one on top and ripped at the camouflage paper. As a pink skeletonized handle appeared, she groaned silently. Great, another knife. “Cool, an Izula.”
“I saw you eyeballing mine.”
Setting it aside, she forced another smile and pulled the bigger box close. As she stripped off the paper, the word Remington appeared. Flipping open the box, she found a twenty gauge shotgun with a pink mossy oak stock. 
“I thought it would look good in the gun rack of your new Jeep,” her dad said, grinning like the Cheshire Cat as he danged a set of keys in front of her. 
“A Jeep!” Indie squealed, clapping her hands together. “Wait, it's not pink, is it?'”
Her parents laughed. 
“No, hon, it's not pink.” Her mom leaned closer, whispering loudly. “Your dad wouldn't let me get the custom paint job.”
“It's black and sitting outside.” Her dad tossed her the keys. 
Catching them as she stood, Indie headed for the front door. Most the time being the only child of two domineering parents sucked. Splitting time between being a tom-boy and girly-girly became tiresome, but then things like this were her rewards. 
If possible, her smile grew wider as Indie stepped out on the porch and laid eyes on her shiny new vehicle. She wrapped her parents in a hug, “Thanks guys.”

Chapter 1

“I'm so jealous, you got a new car for your birthday.” Susan said, slamming her locker. 
Indie glared at her best-friend. “Do you have any idea how much crap I've put up with.” She fell into step beside Susan. “I deserve it.”
“Oh yeah, you deserve it.” Susan muttered, rolling her eyes.
“Fine, how about the Miss ADK pageant?”
Susan winced. “You're the only one I know who could pull off camouflage formal wear.”
Indie wrinkled her nose at the memory of her foray into her mother’s world. Tera Macari had won several beauty pageants before marrying Indiana's father. 
They entered the study hall as the bell rang. Sitting down, Susan leaned over and whispered, “have you decided what to do about Todd?”
Indie shook her head. “It's not working. When I get back on Sunday I'm ending it. Unless I get a chance to talk to him before then.”
“He's not going to take it well.”
“Do they ever?”
Susan smirked. “So you're going out to the school this weekend?”
“Yeah, wanna come?”
“You're kidding, right? You know I don't do the whole outdoor thing.”
“Un-huh.” Indiana flipped open her math book. Tapping her pencil on the book, she contemplated the problems. Suddenly, a well-manicured hand slammed down on the desk next to her book. Startled, she looked up to find a skanky blond in painted on skinny jeans and too tight sweater glaring down at her. 
“Can I help you Roxy?”
“How come you get to be at the top of the pyramid?”
“Because I can do a back flip with a double twist and you can't,” Indie replied, going back to her math. Above her there was an indignant gasp. Seconds later the bell sounded, saving Indie from having to deal further with Roxy. Luckily the squad didn't have practice that afternoon, so she wouldn't follow Indie either. Scooping up her books, Indie ducked out of the class room and headed to her locker. Pulling it open she dropped her books inside, and grabbed her backpack. 
“Hey Baby.” 
Indie put her head against the edge of her locker door as Todd approached. Then, sighing, she straightened and pushed it shut. “Hey.”
“You've been avoiding me.”
“Yup.” She ignored the startled look on his face. What did he expect, her to make excuses? Hadn't they been together long enough for him to know better? 
He reached out to take her hand and she pulled away. He looked down, then back up at her. “This isn't working, is it?”
It was Indiana's turn to look shocked. She shook her head. “No, we've been kind of just going through the motions for awhile now.”
He chuckled awkwardly, shoving his hands in his pockets. “This is weird, I've never had a break up so easy before. So what do we do now?”
Indie grinned. “Well if you want I could slap you and storm off.”
“Um no. I'd rather not have to explain a black eye. Or that a girl did it.”
Smiling, Indie shrugged. “Okay, then we're good.”
“Yeah.” 
Indie turned, heading for the exit. 
Before she'd gone two steps he called, “Hey Indie.” 
She glanced over her shoulder. 
“Still want to go to Spring Fling together?”
“I don't think that's a good idea. But any of the cheer squad would be ecstatic if you asked.” She winked and ducked out of the building.

****


Indiana dropped her backpack next to the door as she entered the house. If the stupid thing got any heavier she was going to have permanent back damage. It seemed like the further into the year the more work the teachers gave her. With a sigh she kicked off her shoes, then headed toward the kitchen. 
As she walked passed her dad's office, he popped his head out. “We still going to the gun club after dinner?”
“Yeah.”
“No!” Her mother wailed from the kitchen. “I wanted to take you shopping.”
Indie looked toward her dad, who shrugged as if to say, it's your call. If it really was up to her, she'd grab a pint of Ben and Jerry's Heath Bar Crunch ice cream and the Molly Harper book she was reading, and crawl into bed. 
“Mom, Dad and I planned last week to go the range.” Indie said, stepping into the kitchen. “We can go shopping next weekend.” 
The pout on her mother's perfect lips left Indie wondering for a moment who was the parent and who was the child. Times like these she felt like a rope being pulled in two different directions. She decided to switch tactics, going with something her mother could understand. “Mom, Todd and I broke up. I really feel like blasting something right now.”
“Oh, sweetie.” Tera bustled around the counter and enveloped her in a big hug. “Fine, rifle therapy tonight then retail therapy when we get back Sunday.”
“Thanks, Mom. So what's for dinner?”
“Dad made venison stew.”

****


Pulling into the gun club’s parking lot, Indiana smiled, seeing a familiar blue ford truck. “Ryan's here.”
“Oh yeah.” Her dad eased the ATV to a stop. “Don't do something stupid just because you and Todd broke up.”
“Thanks for the confidence, Dad.”
“Don't take that tone with me, young lady. You know what I mean, Ryan's a good kid. But rebounds  don't make good relationships.”
Indie rolled her eyes. “Ryan and I are just friends.” She undid her seat belt and pushed open the car door. “Besides I don't need another boyfriend right now.” Yanking open the back door of the ATV, she took her gun case off the seat. She kicked the door shut and followed her dad into the clubhouse. A few guys sat around the table inside. 
“Hey Dan, Princess.”
Indie grinned, “Hey Mr.Anderson.” He'd called her Princess ever since she'd worn ballerina flats to her hunters training class. The entire class had to listen to a five minute lecture on proper hunting footwear. “Dad, I'll be out on the range.”
“Sure hon.” He waved her out and turned to talk to the men. 
Her grin turned into a full on smile when she saw Ryan standing at a booth on the field. His dark shaggy hair ruffled in the breeze as he fired the twenty-two tucked against his broad shoulder. She waited off to the side until he set the empty gun aside, pulled off his ear protection, and reeled in his target.
“You're getting better.”
Ryan jumped, spinning around to look at her. A goofy grin spread across his face. “Hey you shouldn't sneak up on a guy with a gun.”
Indie chuckled. “I didn't sneak, you just didn't hear me.” She put her case on the counter in the next booth. Flicking the latches, she pulled it open. 
“Is that the new one?” Ryan asked, coming up beside her. 
“Mmm, I need to get her adjusted.”
“Her?” He picked up the gun, raising his eyebrow.
“It's pink, of course it's a girl.”
Ryan chuckled, setting the shotgun back down as she fished out her eye and ear protection. “So I heard you broke up with Todd.”
“It was amicable. And how'd you hear? It only happened a few hours ago.”
He shrugged. “Bad news travels fast.”
“I wouldn't qualify it as bad news.” She tugged her ear protection on, signaling an end to their conversation. Picking up the shotgun, she loaded it and chambered a round. She tugged it to her shoulder, zeroed in on her target and pulled the trigger. 

Chapter 2
Indiana relaxed her grip on the steering wheel as her tires hit actual asphalt. Twenty minutes of rutted gravel roads left her wondering if her shocks were going to hold out. Houses began to appear sparsely, then more frequently. Only a few more minutes before she could climb into a hot shower. Spending a weekend at her dad's survival school didn't bother her any more than a couple weeks roughing it. But she still enjoyed the modern comforts, and would trade her sleeping bag for a comfy bed any day. 
Turning at the light, she headed into town. The roads were empty. Granted, it was the beginning of March and the snow was knee deep, but usually weekends brought tourists. Even with the huge snow banks, there were usually hikers, skiers, all sorts of outdoorist flocking to the Adirondacks. 
Pulling into the drive way, she was happy her mother had decided to stay at the survival school another day. Now she had the entire house to herself all night. Her dad was going to be at the school all week with the trainees.
After unloading the Jeep, she climbed into the shower, only to have to jump out again when her phone rang. Hastily wrapping a towel around herself, she grabbed the cell off her night stand where it had been charging. 
“Susie, this had better be good.”
“Why haven't you been answering your phone?”
“There is zero to nil reception at the school, you know that. Why?”
“Turn on the TV.”
Indie picked up the remote and turned on her television. A news report filled the screen, with a warning message scrolling across the bottom. 
“Citizens are warned not to eat any meat products. A terrorist organization has tainted meat distributors throughout the United States. All over the country hospitals are overwhelmed and there have been multiple deaths in relation to the attacks.”
Susie's voice rang in her ear. “Indie, are you watching? It's crazy. People are freaking out.”
“Wow! I have to contact my dad and the others at the school. I'll call you back.” Before Susan could protest, Indiana ended the call. Tossing on a pair of yoga pants and tank top, she raced to her dad's home office. 
Praying someone would be near the school's office, she turned on the CB. “Calling Pigeon Survival School. This is the Survivalista, we got an EMRC, come back.” 
Since she was little, Indie and her dad had used the CB to talk when he was at the school. Over the years they had developed their own codes and language. 
“Survivalista, Yogi here. What's EMRC?”
“Yogi, where's Papa Bear?”
“Busy.”
“Go get him, now!”
“All right. Give me a minute.”
The radio crackled and Indie waited impatiently. The trainees at the school had no way of knowing what was going on. They'd want to get home and make sure their families were okay. 
“Survivalista, Papa Bear here. What's going on?”
“Papa Bear, the TV says that there was a terrorist attack on meat distributors. People are getting sick. You might want to let the trainees go.”
“Did you say meat?”
“Yeah terrorists, tainted meat, people getting sick.”
“All right can you get some more info and get back to me. Put the B.O.B's in the jeep and some supplies if it gets worst head back. Keep the hand held on you all time.”
“Understood, Papa Bear.”
“Be careful, baby.”
“I will, Survivalista out.”
“Papa Bear, out.”
Indiana hung up the microphone. Going to the cabinet, she grabbed the hand held radio and clipped it to her pants. She threw on some jeans and sweatshirt in her room, then took the bug-out-bag from her closest. Getting two more from her mom and dad's room, she put all three in the jeep. Back in the house, she entered the office and pulled out a plastic gun case and placed a few guns in it, then added it to the back seat of her vehicle. Lastly she went to the pantry and pulled out a box of M.R.E.s and put them with the other stuff. Maybe she was jumping the gun, so to speak, but if the shit hit the fan she could bolt.
Heading back into the house she flicked on the TV and picked up her cell. Flopping onto the couch she dialed Susan. “Hey Susie.”
“Hey you on your way back up to the school?”
“No I'm still home. Keeping an eye on things, I guess.”
“Oh.” There was a thick pause. “Can I come over?”
“Sure. Will it be okay with your mom?”
“Since she's in the hospital, I don't think it will be a problem.”
“Oh. Sorry.”
“You didn't know, but they’re not letting anyone in so I'm stuck here with AJ and he's driving me nuts.  He drove all the way up here when he found out about mom.”
Indie grinned, knowing Susie's love/ hate relationship with her brother. “All right then see you in a few.”
She started to place the phone on the table, then changed her mind and called Ryan. As the phone rang she watched the news. 
Doctors hadn't been able to diagnose the exact cause but it seemed to be some sort of mutated Ebola virus. Symptoms could appear anywhere from one to twenty-four hours after ingesting tainted meat product. They included fever, chills, nausea, stomach cramps, diarrhea, and headaches. If not treated immediately it can cause disorientation and finally a coma, and death. 
“Hello.” Ryan answered.
“Hey, I just wanted to make sure you're okay.” Indie replied, still watching the TV. 
“We're all fine here. You know Mom and Dad don't eat anything unless they grow it or kill it.” 
“Yeah they're like my dad in that aspect.” 
“Good thing, too. Most the town is in the hospital with whatever this virus is. Hang on.” 
She heard muffled talking, then he was back. “Hey, my parents want to know if the family could wait this out at the school?”
“Not my call. Your Dad can raise the school on channel eighteen.”
“Ok.” He relayed the message. “Are you heading back up?”
“Only if it gets worst, Dad has me on recon.”
“Oh. Want some company?”
Indie smiled, “Susan's coming over, but if you want...”
“Wait, is she the one who calls me Hottie Hillbilly?”
“Yes.”
“Then I'll see you at the school.”
Indie laughed. “All right. See you.” Pushing the end button on her cell, she tossed it on the coffee table. 

****
“This is really depressing. Every channel has news reports.” Susan said, finally giving up and setting down the remote. “And we're eating home fried potato chips.”
“If you wanted snacks, you should've brought your own.” 
“I know, I know. Stupid health conscious—”
“Shh.” Indiana grabbed up the remote and turned up the volume. 
“There have been new developments in the recent biological attack. People who were previously considered dead have come back to life in an animated, catatonic state. If approached these people become extremely violent, attacking unprovoked. At this time doctors theorize that the virus slows heart and respiratory function, mimicking death. In this state oxygen is unable to be transported, causing damage to parts of the brain. At this time, researchers are still looking into what this virus is and why it causes this to happen. We will continue to bring you up to the minute coverage as we know more.”
“This keeps getting freakier and freakier.”
“Yeah.” Indie agreed, she didn't like this one bit. A nagging voice in the back of her head told her to get the hell out of Dodge. She got to her feet and headed for the office.
Susan followed and leaned against the door casing. “What are you doing?”
“Calling the school to let dad know what's going on.” Picking up the receiver she pushed the call button. “Survivalista calling the Pigeon Survival School, over.”
The radio crackled, “Yogi here, go Survivalista.”
Susan snickered from the door, “That's so seventies.”
Indie ignored her. “Yogi there's a new development I can't explain it over the radio, just tell dad I'm heading back. Survivalista out.”
“All right, Survivalista, be careful. Yogi out.”
Indie hung up the radio and turned it off. 
“You're going back to the school, why?”
Indie looked at her friend. “Call it a feeling. I think something bad's coming, worse than what we've already seen.”
“Indie, you can't know that. The government is taking care of the problem and making sure things don't get worst.”
Walking to the closet Indie pulled out a second hand held radio. “Here it's already set on channel eighteen, if I'm wrong you can call me and gloat.”
Susan snatched the radio. “Fine, I will.” Turning on her heel she stalked to the front door, flinging it open. She stopped dead in her tracks. “Indie!”
The hint of panic in Susie's voice had Indiana running to the door. She froze as she looked across the street. Ms. Weltner, the old lady who lived directly opposite, stood outside her house. Dried blood leaked down her face from a cut on her forehead. Indie had never seen the woman without perfect make-up and hair. Her white hair was half up in rollers, the other half stuck out at odd angles from her head. Cold cream was smeared randomly all over her face. The slack, vacant stare on her face made Indie's stomach quiver. The old woman shuffled aimlessly down the front walk, barefoot in her nightdress and bathrobe. Her front door hung open. The prissy old lady usually locked it behind her, even when she walked to her mailbox not ten feet away. 
“Do we help her?” Susan whispered.
“No. Remember the report.”
“But she's bleeding.”
Indie took a good look, shivering. “It's congealed. We'll go inside and call nine-one-one, they'll be able to help her.” She grabbed Susan’s arm, pulled her back into the house and shut the door, locking it. Susan stood peering out the window as Indie picked up the phone from the hall table. She dialed, only to get a busy signal. “Susie, it's busy.”
“It's nine-one-one, how can it be busy?”
Indie shook her head, dread creeping into her belly. “Come on, the Jeep is in the garage. I'll take you home.”
“No.” 
Indie raised her eyebrows. 
Susan closed her eyes. “I want to come with you, maybe you're right.”
“What about AJ?”
“I’ll call him.”
Indie nodded, Susan's family wasn't all that close. It didn't surprise her one bit that her friend would worry about herself first and family second. “Fine, but you need better clothes.” Heading up to her room, Indie rifled through her dresser, tossing several items on the bed.
“Seriously? These are Army surplus,” Susan whined from behind her.
“Susie, we're going to a camp in the middle of the wilderness, not a day spa. If you think this will be a walk in the park then let me take you home.”
“Fine.” The bathroom door clicked shut. 
Grabbing an old army knapsack from the bottom of her closet, Indie shoved some extra clothes inside and picked up the radio Susan had left on the bed. Going back downstairs, she peeked out the front window. Ms. Weltner just stood at the end of her walkway, swaying back and forth as if she was going to topple over at any minute. Indie tried nine-one-one again only to still hear the annoying beep. This couldn't be a good sign. 
Walking back to the living room, Indie glanced at the TV. The reporter looked haggard, as if she was close to her limit. “We repeat, if you see anyone with these symptoms, do not approach. Call the number below or your local authorities. Again, those symptoms are vacant stare, glazed or milky eyes, and a shuffling gait. People with these symptoms are prone to attack ferociously and without provocation. They will hit, kick, scratch, and bite. If they scratch or bite you, go to a hospital immediately as the virus can be contracted this way.” 
Indiana picked up her cell phone sticking it in her pocket, then lifted the remote and turned off the TV. “Susan, hurry up!” 

Chapter 3 

“So, this survival school?” Susan asked hesitantly. “Will we be sleeping in tents or on the ground?”
Indiana glanced at Susie, then back to the road. Her friend had never really been interested in the survival school. Then again, unless it had to do with boys, fashion, or gossip, Susie didn't really care. “It's more of a compound. There's a bunk house and cabin. I'm sure mom will let you stay in the cabin.”
Susan stared out the window. “What about you?”
“This time of year, the cabin, since the weather’s still kind of unpredictable and it's freakin’ cold.”
Wrinkling her nose, Susie crossed her arms over her chest. “I don't get why you like all this outdoor crap.”
Indie shrugged, slowing down as red and blue lights appeared before them. The sheriff climbed out of his car. Pulling to a stop Indie rolled down her window and smiled. “Sheriff Perkins, what can I do for you?”
He grinned, showing tobacco stained teeth, and glanced between her and Susie. “Where you ladies headed?”
“Up to the school.”
“Neither of you have been sick, or eaten anything that might have been contaminated?” The girls looked at each other and shook their heads. “Are you carrying anything that might have been contaminated or come in contact with anything or one?”
“Only food we have is some MREs dad's had for a couple months.” Her mind flashed to Ms. Weltner. “But you might want to send someone to check on my neighbor, Debbie Weltner.”
His eyes widened. “You didn't touch her or get to close.”
Indie shook her head. “We saw the news report, and tried the numbers but all of them were busy.”
He nodded. “All right, I'll send someone over. Tell the folks up at the school that the towns are on lock down. No meat products are to be transported.” He turned his head and spit. “Waste of time sitting out here, no one’s carrying that stuff. Everyone’s chucking it, bears are having a field day in the dumpsters. Between everyone panicking and hospitals being overwhelmed...” He sighed and suddenly looked a lot older. 
“I'll make sure they know, Sheriff.”
He nodded again. Turning to look up the road, he frowned. Indiana followed his gaze. 
“Isn't that Old Man Benti?” Susie asked, shifting in her seat.
The grizzled form stumbled and shuffled down the road. The sheriff placed his hand on his gun. “I think you ladies should get going. I'll deal with Mr. Benti.”
He stepped away from the vehicle and Indie rolled up her window. As they pulled away she heard him yell. The old man's head jerked awkwardly, and he started shuffling faster toward the sheriff. Indie drew in a startled breath as they passed him. His leg was twisted at the wrong angle, causing him to drag it—hence the stumbling. Blood ran down his face from a large gash on his head to clump in his matted beard. 
Indiana yanked her gaze back to the road as Susie strained against her seat belt to look behind them. 
“Shouldn't we do something?”
Indie glanced in the rear-view mirror. A primal urge to flee lodged itself in her brain. That wasn't right. While she wasn't even close to a doctor, she knew he shouldn't be walking around. Not without a stick or crutch or barfing agony.
“No.” She gripped the wheel firmer and they turned a corner. “He's headed toward the sheriff. Perkins will be able to help more than we can. Besides, he told us to leave.”
“Yeah.” Susie sat forward, hesitantly at first, then with more conviction. “Yeah the sheriff can help him.”
A few minutes later they came across a truck, the driver side smashed against some trees. Branches crisscrossed through the windows. 
“How did he walk away from that?”
Indie shook her head and swallowed, her throat suddenly dry. “I don't know, but let’s get out of here.”

****


They rolled to a stop in front of the old metal gate. She glanced over at Susie. “Wanna get that?”
“Get what?” Susan put on her dumb blond look. She glanced toward the rusted metal. “That?”
Rolling her eyes, Indie groaned and threw the Jeep into park. “Never mind.” She yanked off her seat belt. She climbed out, unhooked the gate, got back in, drove through and then got out again to re-lock it. 
As she climbed back in, Susie asked, “Are we going to hike in?”
“No. Too much stuff to haul, too cold, the snow’s too deep and god forbid you break a nail.”
“So how do...?”
“Hang on. It's going to be a bumpy ride.” Indie grinned, putting the Jeep into four-wheel drive. 
Susie grinned back. “How long have you wanted to say that?”
“Since I got this baby.” Indie eased the Jeep onto the maintenance road designed for ATV's. Bare trees and bushes slapped the sides of the vehicle. Indie winced as twigs scrapped against the side creating a hideous screech. She was just glad her dad had used the ATV to plow and the snow filled in the worst of the ruts. 
“There goes your paint job.”
Indie spared her a glare, instead focusing on easing the Jeep along. After what felt like an hour and a million scratches later, the path opened into a clearing. Pulling off to the side, Indie threw the Jeep into park and killed the engine. 
“Okay. Now we walk.”
“Wait! What?” Susie stared at her, wide eyed. “I thought you said it was too far.”
Unbuckling her belt, Indie shoved her door open. “There's less than a mile left and it's only accessible on a four wheeler or by foot. I'll leave the MREs, guns and ammo. We can come back for them.”
Susan scrambled out in pursuit. “Indiana...”
“Susan, you knew what this was when you signed up,” Indie snapped, falling into trainer mode. If Susie didn't drop the attitude she was going to have a real hard time dealing. Granted, she wasn't going to have it as hard as a trainee, but living off grid wasn't a picnic. And who knew how long they'd be out here. “Get your bag and let's go.”
“Fine.” Susie grumbled, grabbing her pack. “You know, you're turning into a bossy bitch.”
Indie kicked her door shut, taking in the scratches and deep gouges. Shaking her head she looked at Susan. “I have to be out here or no one takes me seriously.” Hefting the three bags, Indie headed for the path, with Susie following. 
By the time they'd reach the compound the sun was starting to set. Indie was surprised that Susie had kept up the pace she'd set. As they pushed through the last bushes, Susan stopped. 
“Oh my God! This is not what I expected.”
Indiana nodded. “That's how most people react the first time here.” 
The school sat smack dab on the edge of a small lake, with deep forest surrounding it on the other three sides. There were several buildings, a bunk house, storage and a large cabin which sat looking over the lake. A large wall of solar panels faced the sky, supplying power to the buildings. Huge barrels gathered rain. The place looked more like a farm than a survival school. Even covered in snow it was impressive. Neat paths had been shoveled between the buildings. It was the very picture of order and calm. 
As they walked toward the cabin Susie voiced her surprise. “I imagined sleeping in tents and rubbing sticks together.”
“We do that too. It depends on what you want to learn. We offer minimalist survival classes. That  means you bring a pack with only certain things or weight limit and you have to live off that for a few days to a week.”
“Why would you do something like that?”
“To challenge yourself.” Indie glanced at Susie. “To learn what you're capable of, what you can take and where your limit is.”
Susan bit her lip, looking around. “I never thought about it like that.”
Pushing open the cabin door, Indie dropped the bags next to some boots and called, “Mom, you here?”
Tera jumped up from the couch. “Indie, I was so worried.” She rushed toward them and caught Indiana in a hug. 
“Mom you're crushing me.”
Tera stepped back. “Sorry.” She looked as though she just realized Susie was there. “You brought Susan?”
“Yeah.”
“Things are that bad?”
Indie and Susan exchanged a glance. “They're freaky, Mom.”
Tera's brows pinched together. “All right then. I'll get Susie settled in the guest room and you can go explain things to your dad. He's in the office.”
“Okay. Be back in a bit.” Stepping back outside, Indie tugged her jacket closer. The temperature had dropped with the sun. Jogging over to the bunk house, she let herself into the rectangular shaped building. Walking between the rows of beds, she made her way to the back, to the small room her dad used as an office while up here. He sat at his desk talking with Mr. Anderson and Ryan, who looked up as she entered.
He smiled. “I knew you'd make it. We were just going over what these two know so far. You said there were some new developments.”
Indie nodded, leaning against the wall. “The people who the doctors thought were dead are coming back to life.”
The guys exchanged a glance. “What?”
“The doctors are saying that the virus is putting people in death-like comas. When the people wake up, they are in this thing called an animated catatonic state. It's creepy. The victims are all vacant, and...” Indie shook her head. “They look like zombies.” Realizing what she said, she tried to backpedal. “I'm not saying they're dead...” 
Closing her eyes, she leaned her head against the wall.
“I think you need some sleep, hon.” Dan said, standing.
Indie nodded, “In the morning, someone needs to go unload my Jeep. It's at the ATV lot.” 


****


Staring out at the still frozen lake, Indiana kept replaying how Ms. Weltner had acted and Mr. Benti. How had he gotten out of that truck and walked on a clearly broken leg? Were they zombies? 
She jumped when Ryan dropped down beside her. “Jeez, give me a heart attack.”
“Sorry. You okay?”
She shrugged, looking back toward the lake. “You already think I'm crazy.”
“True.” He smirked as she gave him a quick glare.
“Not nice.”
“Come on, tell me what’s wrong.”
Indie shook her head. “Things just aren't adding up. I mean even if Mr. Benti was in that weird state. He couldn't walk on a broken leg without being in pain. I can't even figure out how he got out of the vehicle with the trees all meshed.”
“People do amazing things when hyped up on adrenaline.” 
“You didn't see them.” Indie shook her head. “It was like something out of a George Romero movie.”
He chuckled. “I never should have let you watch those movies.”
Indie grinned. “I'd already watched most of them.”
“But you got all freaked and buried your face in my arm.”
Indie smirked and shrugged. Ryan shook his head, looking at her. 
“Indiana!” Susie called running toward them. Skidding to a halt, she almost slipped. Righting herself, she looked from Indie to Ryan. “I just heard your dad say they couldn't get a hold of the sheriff.”
“He's probably busy.” Ryan said.
Indiana frowned at him. “Last time we saw him he was stopping cars to check for meat.”
“And wasn't very happy about it either,” Susan added. 
“Still there could be a logical explanation for him not replying.”
“Yeah, like Mr. Benti attacked him, he's laying in the hospital and the town’s gone all vigilante.”
Ryan narrowed his eyes at Indie. “You are so not allowed to watch zombie movies anymore.”
Standing, she stuck out her tongue at him, brushed off her pants, and headed toward the cabin. 

Chapter 4

“Dad, the last few bunks are full. Anybody else is going to have to pitch a tent.” Indiana flopped down in the chair next to the desk. Dan nodded absently, looking over some maps. 
She could sense the tension radiating off him. Over the past month and a half people had been turning up at the school. Mostly ex-trainees and their families. They relayed the latest news which kept getting weirder and weirder. Information had leaked to a news station that the virus victims who had returned to life had done so after being autopsied. The CDC had been spoon feeding the media what they wanted reported. From what folks were saying, everything was going all to hell, and fast.
“Mom's worried we won't have enough canned goods to feed everyone. Also, she's getting low on baking stuff. We never expected to have this many people at the school at one time.”
Her dad snorted, leaning back in his chair. “Some survival school this turned out to be.”
Indiana frowned. “We were supposed to teach people self-reliance, not take care of them. It's amazing we've held out this long.”
“Yeah well, these aren't trainees, they're regular people who are scared and not sure what’s going on.”
“All the more reason to teach them to take care of themselves, in case this lasts.”
“All right, Miss Smartypants, what do you suggest?”
Indie sighed, closing her eyes. “How about wild edibles? With this unseasonably warm weather the snow’s pretty much melted and plants are already coming up. It could be a class and get food to supplement what we already have.”
“Sounds good. Run me through it.”
Indie grabbed a pen and notepad off the desk. “Ok, it should be a basic class. Things most people know, already easy to identify plants I know grow around here. Let’s do dandelions, they're all over. There are some cattails near the lake, mostly dead but I might be able to use them for a demonstration. Burdock and daisies grow along the path and by the ATV lot, if any have come up yet. But those are plants almost everyone already knows. Oh, and maybe I could find some garlic-mustard.”
Her dad nodded. “That sounds like a good start.”
Ripping her list off the pad, Indie stood. “I'll get Ryan and Susan to help.”
“Susan?”
“She's been surprisingly helpful and is adapting better than I thought she would.” 

****

“Ok folks, first rule of collecting wild edibles is never eat a plant unless you know what it is without a shadow of a doubt. Which is why we're starting with some easy plants everybody should know.” Indie stood in front of a group of five women as Susan and Ryan handed out buckets. The women exchanged smiles. “So you all know what a dandelion looks like?” Heads bobbed up and down. “All right then I don't need to go over it. Did you know dandelion leaves are edible?” 
Bending over, Indie plucked several leaves from a nearby plant. “Plants without flowers are less bitter than those with, the plants also lose the bitter taste after the first frost. What we're going to do is take our buckets and pick just the leaves from plants with no flowers. These are going to be used as a salad for dinner tonight, but they can also be boiled.”
As the women began picking leaves Susan approached Indie. “Are you serious?”
“Mmm hmm. Once we're done, Mom's going to show everyone how to prepare the food.” Indie knelt and plucked a few leaves tossing them into a bucket.
“But they're weeds.”
“Doesn't mean they're not full of vitamins and will fill your belly.”
Grudgingly Susan began tossing leaves in her bucket. After picking leaving for a while, Indie got to her feet and wiped her hands on her jeans. “Ok ladies, for our next plant, we need to head over to the lake.” As they moved off, Ryan fell into step with Indie.
“Why am I the only guy doing this?”
Indie shrugged. “It was voluntary and all the other guys decided to go hunting.”
“So the other men are hunting and I'm picking flowers.”
“Think of it this way, when they can't find food, you'll be able to have something in your stomach.” Indie stopped next to the edge of the lake. Turning, she addressed the group. “Does anyone have a problem getting wet?” There was a murmur then hesitant shaking of heads. “Good, because our next plant is cattail. Right now we're going to look for new shoots to dig up. We're not going to harvest very many, only enough for dinner tonight.” 
Taking off her shoes and socks, Indie rolled up her pants. She braced herself and stepped into the freezing water. “Holy crap that's cold,” Indie gasped, and behind her there was a twitter of laughs. “Okay, new plan...” She rolled up her sleeves. “I'll pull some plants and no one else needs to get wet.”
“I like that plan,” one of the women called.
Grasping a cattail, Indie nodded. “I thought you would.” 
She pulled a few plants free of the mud and water and tossed them on the bank. After she climbed out of the water, she dried off with the towel Susan offered. “So you take these, peel off the outer layer and eat the tender inner stalk.” Indie showed them how to pull back the outer layer, before dumping the rest in a bucket. “You can use almost all of the cattail. Leaves can be used to weave mats or baskets. The fluff makes good dry tinder to start fires.”
“So what's next, Teach?” Ryan asked.
“We'll be heading down the path to the ATV lot.” She caught Ryan's arm as the women turned toward the foot path. “I want you to go grab my twenty gauge and meet us there.”
“Why?”
“Bear, moose, zombies. We could see a deer.” She shrugged.
“Got it. Meet you there.”
Indie turned back to the women. “So, here's what we're looking for. Burdock. You all know what that looks like?” They nodded. “Second, we're looking for daisies. We want the burdock roots and leaves from the daisies.” 
Ryan caught back up with the group as they started down the path. She glanced over and grinned at her pink gun slung over his shoulder. 
“What? I thought it brought out my eyes?” He fluttered his eyelashes at her.
Indie chuckled, then turned her attention to her students. Walking behind the others, Indie glanced off the path. Her gaze fell on a bunch of mustard. Smiling, she tugged on Ryan's arm. “I'll be right back.” 
Making her way through the undergrowth, she knelt to pick some of the leaves to show the women. Behind her there was a snort, then a growl. Dropping what she was doing, Indie turned to find a black bear standing a couple yards from her. Slowly she got to her feet, keeping her eyes on the animal. It was small, probably a hundred and ten pounds, most likely female. Who hopefully didn't have a cub up a tree nearby. Its jet black coat tapered to a tan color on the animal’s muzzle. A muzzle full of sharp, pointy teeth. Indie took a step back and it huffed, shaking itself. 
Indiana's heart felt like it was going to beat out of her chest. She slowly raised her arms, waving them. “Listen girl, I don't want any trouble, so I'm just going to back up and get out of here.” She spoke calmly, resisting the urge to turn and run. The bear huffed and took a lumbering step forward. “Seriously, bear, I'm just going to get lost.” She kept moving slowly backward toward the path and hopefully safety. “I swear I don't have anything on me, there's some yummy stuff in the bucket if you’re hungry.” She was babbling, trying to keep her voice calm so it knew she wasn't a threat. 
The bear did something like a snorting huff then charged. Her stomach dropped, and so did Indie. Landing on her knees, she curled herself into a ball, lacing her fingers over the back of her neck. As her life flashed before her eyes she heard the blast of a gun followed by a wet thunk. There was a second blast and the bear dropped.  
Cracking an eye open, Indie stared at the beast. It still quivered, but was no longer moving. As the ringing in her ears cleared Indiana could hear someone shouting her name and crashing through the bushes. Ryan appeared in her range of sight and knelt next to her. Jerking up, she threw her arms around his neck, her hand brushing the still warm barrel of the twenty gauge slung on his shoulder. 

Chapter 5

Indie paused in the kitchen, listening to her parents talk. They rarely ever argued, but she could hear the anger in her mom’s voice. 
“Dan, we have to do something. The other moms are worried. Black bears don't attack unprovoked. If Indiana hadn't known what to do, or if she hadn’t told Ryan to get the gun…She could've been mauled or worse. Everyone’s scared, it's time to stop playing survivor man and go down to see what's going on.” 
She peeked around the corner to see her dad nod. “You're right, Tera. Ted and I will go down to see what's going on. If it's clear then we'll come back and get everyone.” 
“I want to go,” Indie stepped into the room.
“No. We have no idea what's going on down there, the radio has been dead for a while.”
“But we'll need supplies if things aren't any better. No offense but guys aren't all that great at getting everything we need.” 
“She has a point, Dan. You suck at getting groceries. We have kids up here and women with certain needs.”
“Fine. I see I'm out numbered but you'll ride with Ryan. Stop at the grocery store to get supplies, then right back, unless we give the all clear. Understood?”
“Yes, sir.” 

****

“Wow,” Ryan murmured as they entered Eagle Bay. Cars were smashed into trees, no one was on the road. They pulled into the Big M parking lot, next to Dan's truck. Indie rolled down her window as her dad did the same. 
“You two stay here. We're going to drive down to Old Forge and see what we can see. This isn't looking good, so you two go in, stock up on whatever you can find, then turn back.”
Indie nodded, glancing toward the Hard Times Cafe. Several of the windows had been smashed and a car was tipped on its side in the parking lot. 
Ryan leaned forward to look passed Indie. “What if we can't find what we need?”
The men exchanged a glance. “Go to our house and clean out the pantry, basement, and office. You have my credit card, money, the radio and guns, right?”
“Yes.”
“Okay. Keep us informed of where you are.”
“Will do. Be careful.”
“You too.”
Ryan and Indie climbed out of the truck as their dads drove away. They approached the broken glass doors of the Big M with caution. 
“This doesn't look promising,” Indiana muttered, carefully stepping through the shattered glass. Looking around, they saw no other people in the building. “I think we should stick together.”
Ryan nodded, “Those shelves look pretty picked over.”
Indie grabbed a cart. “Well, let’s get what we can.” Pushing the cart down the first aisle, she began grabbing boxes and bags. 
After a few aisles, Ryan broke the silence. “You know, I was really impressed by how you handled yourself with the bear. I was scared witless at first, totally forgot I had the gun.”
Indie paused before dropping a box of potato flakes in the cart. “Really?” 
He nodded. 
“To be honest, so was I. You know how people say they see their lives flash before their eyes? I think I saw that when the bear charged.”
“Was it a good life?”
Stepping over to the shelves, she picked up some canned vegetables. “Actually, it was unfulfilled. I realized there is a lot I still want to do.”
“Like what?”
“Like...” Indie trailed off as she raised her finger to lips. From somewhere in the back of the store they heard a soft shuffling. She pulled the twenty-two pistol from the holster at her hip. Ryan raised his eyebrow but followed suit. Leaving the cart, they made their way toward the sound, peering around shelving units until they saw a man. He had the same vacant stare that Ms. Weltner and Mr. Benti had when she'd last seen them. The front of his tee-shirt was covered in blood, but Indie couldn't see any wounds. He moved with a slow shambling gait from the deli to an end shelf, then turned and went back. 
She shook her head at Ryan. Dread pooled in her stomach. She didn't want to face another life threatening situation. He nodded and jerked his head back toward their cart. They quietly resumed their mission, loading the cart with anything and everything they could find. As they came out of the last aisle they froze in their tracks. A woman stood weaving back and forth between them and the doors. Her blank face contorted into one of stark rage when she saw them. In a shuffling run she came toward them, arms outstretched. 
“Think we can get around her?”
“I'm not sure with the cart.”
A sound like a fire cracker rang out and the front window shattered. The woman lurched forward one more step, then fell face down. Ryan and Indie exchanged a shocked look and hightailed it to the front doors, slowing to cautiously exit the store. Holding his gun, Ryan walked out first with Indie pushing the cart behind, glancing over her shoulder expecting the man from the deli to come running. Beside Ryan's truck stood a man with a rifle.  
“You two should be more careful.”
“You killed that woman!” Indie tried to keep a calm voice. She'd never seen a person killed before and was fighting to keep her stomach from revolting. Ryan wrapped an arm around her shoulders as she blinked away tears.
The stranger pushed his hat up and raised his eyebrow, then shook his head. “That woman was already dead, sweetheart. Haven't you seen the news?”
They shook their heads and Ryan replied, “No. Past few weeks we've been up in the woods.”
“The government.” He turned his head and spit. “They finally came clean. The people who were infected and died, actually died. There was no coma. That virus thing, it takes over.”
Indie leaned into Ryan. “What do you mean?”
The man scrubbed his hand over his face. “Think of a person like a computer. This virus comes in wipes the hard drive, then reboots with its own programing. The person is gone, and just the virus is left and its only function is to spread itself to other people.”
Indie shook her head. She wasn't sure which was more surreal, this gruff redneck looking guy talking computers or the whole virus taking over people. Pulling away from Ryan she began putting the supplies in the back of the truck. 
“Listen, I know how crazy this sounds. But you listen to the radio or find yourselves a TV then you'll believe me. If any of those things come at you, shoot them. They ain't people anymore. Aim for the head, you need a kill shot to bring them down. Hurting them won't do any good, they don't feel pain.” He started to walk away, then turned back. “And for God's sake, don't let them bite or scratch you, that's how it spreads.”
Ryan climbed up into the bed of the truck and began moving the supplies around so they wouldn't blow out. “So what do you think?”
Indie shook her head. “I think we need to find a TV and I wish your radio worked.” She glanced over her shoulder toward the store. “And I think we need to get out of here before that thing at the back of the store makes its way out here.”

****

Indie had Ryan back into the garage so they could load everything without being attacked. As they entered the house she pushed the button to close the overhead door. 
“I'm kind of amazed the power still works,” Ryan murmured as they entered the kitchen.
“For now, but it'll go down at some point without anyone to maintain it.” She continued into the living room and flicked on the TV, turning the volume way down. It seemed like the thing to do so they didn't draw unwanted attention. 
The screen filled with a male reporter, a red scroll flying along the bottom. “Again, we must urge citizens to avoid all contact with contaminated people. The virus is spread via bodily fluid and, to an extent, scratches. The disease initially incapacitates victims, but later returns them to a mobile state. This allows them to infect others. If you are attacked, run or use whatever weapon you can to defend yourselves. Destroying the brain is the only way to kill an infected person. At this time, the Center for Disease Control has not identified the virus that is reanimating victims but has tracked it back to several meat processing centers around the country, determining that this was caused by a bio-terrorist attack. The organization responsible is still unknown at this time. The Center for Disease Control has set up camps in various areas for any survivors, a list is scrolling across the bottom of your screen. Stay away from large cities and anywhere people congregate in large numbers. All hospitals, schools, colleges, and government offices are closed. If you are in need of emergency services find a CDC camp in your area and go there.” 
Indiana sank down on the couch as the reporter continued. “The continental United States are in quarantine. No travel in or out of the county.”
She tuned out the rest, calculating how long it would take to load up the supplies, drive back to the compound and hike in. Even if they got out of town without problems, driving on the curvy roads was dangerous even during the day. “We're going to have to stay here for the night.” She looked up at Ryan. “We can't make it back before dark.”
He looked out the window, then back at her. “You're right. So what do we do?”
Indie closed her eyes, leaning back on the couch. “I'll radio the compound and let them know. Load the truck before dark then wait it out.” Opening her eyes, she looked around. “It doesn't look like they tried to get in while we weren't here, so as long as we keep the lights off and noise down, I don't think we have to worry. Then as soon as it's light, we'll haul ass.”
“Sounds like a plan to me.”

****

Indiana came downstairs after taking a quick shower. She bypassed her comfy pajamas for clean cargo pants and a t-shirt. It wouldn't be comfortable to sleep in but if they needed to leave in a hurry at least she'd be wearing clothes. She carried several comforters and pillows. They'd decided to sleep on the living room floor, that way they had escape routes. Indie would never admit it but she felt safer with Ryan nearby. 
Tossing the bedding on the floor, Indie went to the kitchen and grabbed two flashlights. Just in case. When she came back Ryan had the blankets spread out. She sat down and handed him one of the lights. 
“Thanks. Good idea, but we should only use them if we need to.”
“I figured in the bathroom, since there are no windows.”
He chuckled. “Good idea.”
Indie smiled, sitting her gun and flashlight next to her pillow, along with her boots. “I've been thinking.”
“Uh oh,” Ryan murmured. He grinned and sat down. 
“Funny. But seriously, the news said this was a terrorist attack. So why hasn't any group come forward screaming ‘We did it’. I thought they were all about making a name for themselves and instilling, well, terror?”
Ryan shrugged. “Don't know. Maybe this was a test and they're going to do something else and don't want to tip their hand.”
Indie shook her head, flopping down on the blankets. “None of this makes any sense.” She closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose. “Why fill the country with creatures that can kill you?”
“Well, technically those creatures are taking over the country for them. If they can control them then they control the country. In this case, if someone had an antidote then they could just waltz in and put whatever price he or she wanted on it. Theoretically speaking, of course.”
Indie cracked an eyelid and peered at him. “Big word.”
He grinned. “I'm more than a dumb redneck, you know.”
“I never called you a dumb redneck.” She dropped her arm over her forehead. Hearing a shuffle as he got to his feet, she peeked out again. Ryan was standing in front of the mantel studying the pictures in the fading light.
“Are these you?”
“Yeah.” 
“I didn't know you were in beauty pageants.”
Indie blew out a sigh. “Mom dragged me to a few small time pageants. County fairs, local flair things...Dad put a stop to it when another girl tried to break my leg during a rehearsal.”
“Seriously?”
“Mmm hmm. I think he'd been looking for a reason, but I was happy to not have to deal with it anymore. Those pageant girls can be catty.”
Ryan chuckled. “I believe it, girls in general can be catty.”
“Hey!” Indie jerked up, looking at him, then shrugged. “You're right.” She turned to look at the french doors. The blinds were closed but the setting sunlight still peeked between. 
Ryan sat back down next to her. “I think we should try to get some sleep so we can get an early start.” 
“Yeah.” She nodded. He was close, his dark eyes searching her face. Indie could smell spearmint and Irish spring as he leaned closer. Her eyes fluttered close as his lips brushed hers, and she wrapped her arms around his neck. He didn't try taking the kiss any further, pulling back slightly away. Indie looked up at him. There had always been chemistry between them, but neither had acted because she had been with Todd. Indie pushed her fingers into his still damp hair, tugging him toward her. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed movement by the front door. Without thinking she yanked Ryan down on top of her. 
He chuckled. “If you were this forward with Todd, I understand why he didn't want to let you go.”
“Shh,” she whispered, pushing him off her. “I... what?” She frowned at him and shook her head. “Never mind, I saw something by the door.” Slowly and carefully she rolled over and belly crawled to the steps leading into the living room. Due to the depressed floor she knew no one could see them if they looked in the front door windows. They'd closed all the blinds. Peering over the steps she saw a silhouette of a person through the curtain on the front door. Whoever it was weaved back and forth, for a few seconds then turned and shambled away.
Letting out the breath she didn't know she was holding, she turned and crawled back to where Ryan lay. 
“So what was it?” he whispered.
“You mean who. I don't know, but it looks like they went away.” Indie settled down next to him. “Let’s get some sleep and get the hell out of here in the morning.”

****

Indie shut the garage door behind Ryan as he pulled out into the driveway. It seemed silly but she wanted the house in lock down, just in case they could ever come back. She locked the door to the garage and left through the front door. As she turned the key in the deadbolt, she heard the slow shuffle. Turning she watched Ms. Weltner's face distort, moving toward her in a fast shuffle. Indiana took a step toward the stairs and the old woman lunged at her. Acting on impulse, she yanked her gun from the hostler and shot. 
As Ms. Weltner stumbled backward, Indie dodged around her. When she reached the truck, she ripped open the door and jumped inside. “Go!” 
Ryan stared at her, then out the window. Indie turned her head to look as well. The old woman had regained her balance and was now shuffling toward the truck. Indie felt her stomach fall to her feet.  The bullet to her shoulder hadn't even phased her. “Please Ryan, go.”
Finally he turned forward and put the truck in gear. The empty street they had driven down yesterday was gone, now every shadow had a lurking figure. As the vehicle roared passed they moved forward as if to follow. 
“They're everywhere.”
“We have to get back to the school,” Indie murmured, holstering her gun. 
After several miles of driving in silence, Ryan glanced over. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah. I just...” She swallowed, a ball of tears in her throat. “I've never shot at...”
“…a person,” he finished for her.
“Yes.”
Ryan reached over, taking her hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. 


Chapter 6

“Damn it!” Ryan slammed his fist on the steering wheel as the engine sputtered and died. He used the last of the vehicle’s momentum to pull over to the side of the road.
“We're out of gas, aren't we?” Indie asked, closing her eyes. 
“Yeah.”
She turned on the hand held radio. Nothing happened. “Oh, for crying out loud.”
“Radio's dead.”
She nodded. “Okay, here's what's going to happen. I'm going to get out, have a mini breakdown, then we'll go through the supplies and come up with a game plan.” 
Before Ryan could reply, Indie climbed out of the cab and let out a huge scream. Since this outbreak she'd been almost eaten by a bear, threatened by two infected women, shot someone and now, of all things, the truck full of stuff runs out of gas. To top it off, the radio, their one connection with the school, had died. How could they have been so stupid as to not get gas? Anger bubbled up inside her, and she lashed out, kicking the truck. Which only served to hurt her toe. “FUCK!”
Tears streamed down her face as she leaned against the truck. 
“Feel better?”
Indie looked across the hood at Ryan's smiling face. “Yes and no. Bet I looked pretty funny.”
He shrugged. “Let's just say, you should be glad my cell isn't working.”
Indie smiled, wiping her face on her sweatshirt sleeve before limped to the back of the truck and hoisting herself into the bed. For once she was glad her dad was survival crazy. Pulling the top off a tote she pulled out two backpacks, which were extra bug out bags. Each contained enough supplies to live for a week or more in the wilderness. At least it did if you knew what you were doing. As she went through the boxes and totes she went over in her head what they would need to do and how to get there. 
“The way I see it, we really only have two options. Head back to Eagle Bay and see if we can find some gas or follow the road back up to the school. When Dad realizes we haven't checked in, he'll coming looking for us.”
She glanced over at Ryan. He was watching her intently. “If we go back to Eagle Bay we might run into those things.” A chill traveled down Indie's back at that thought. He continued, “We might not find any gas and we'd be screwed. If we don't run into those things, and we do find gas, the truck might not be here when we get back. So I think we should just say to hell with it and head for where we know we'll be safe.”
“If someone doesn't come along we may need to overnight it. It's a long drive. It'll be an even longer hike.” She handed him one of the packs. 
“I know. Grab that tarp. We'll cover everything so at the very least it won't get wet and maybe won't be as enticing to steal.”
After shrugging on her own pack, she picked up a blue plastic tarp and helped Ryan secure it over everything. Pulling open the door to the cab, she grabbed the gun case they'd put behind the seat. It contained a rifle and shotgun from her dad’s collection. She handed Ryan the shotgun and took the rifle. The bullets had been in a tote in back which she'd already tucked into their packs. With the exception of a couple she'd pocketed. Pulling the shotgun shells out, she handed them over to Ryan. Removing the clip on the rifle she filled it and shoved it back in the gun. 
“I'd ask if this was overkill, but seeing as you've had three near misses and there are scarier things than bears walking around, I guess not.”
Indie gave him a tight smile and shut the cab door. “Let's get going.”
Ryan caught her arm. “Hold on.” He stepped closer, his hand moving from her arm to her cheek. “I'm not going to let anything happen to you.”
Indie grinned up at him. “And I won't let anything happen to you.”
He pressed his lips to hers. She gasped when his tongue swiped her lips, and as he pulled back, he winked and grabbed her hand. With a quick tug they were walking away from the truck.

****

Susie stood back, watching as everyone hovered around Ted. Tera stepped over and wrapped an arm around her. “It'll be all right.”
Dan and Ted had returned from their expedition, with more bad news about what was going on outside and Ted had been bitten by someone. Overnight he'd gotten worst, the bite wound looked infected and he was running a fever. It reminded Susan of her mother. The virus spread quickly. She knew what was going to happen and it wasn't going to be pretty. Tera gently guided her out of the bunk house and up to the cabin. 
“Do you think Indie and Ryan will be back soon?” Susie asked as they crossed the grounds.
“Of course, they said they were on their way this morning. And they’ll check in if anything goes wrong.” Tera gave her a one armed hug. “Come on, you can help me get lunch started.”
Sighing, Susan let Tera lead her into the kitchen. At least she was good for something. She had discovered a surprise talent for cooking. Her own mother had spent very little time in the kitchen, but she was learning a lot from Tera. 
“What would you like me to do?”
“Cut up some potatoes.”
Susie went to the wooden box in the pantry and grabbed an armload of potatoes. Setting them on the cutting board, she went to work. As she sliced and diced, she glanced out the window. Huge black clouds were gathering in the distance. 
The front door banged open, causing her to jump. Dan entered the kitchen, his brows drawn in what were becoming permanent worry lines. “I just tried to get Indie and Ryan on the radio, and nothing. If I don't get a reply in an hour, I'm going to go look for them.” 
Tears threatened in Tera's eyes, but she blinked them away, composing herself. “All right. How's Ted?” 
“Getting worse.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I don't know what to do with him.”


Chapter 7

Indiana glanced at the sky then looked at Ryan. “We need to find a place to camp. If that storm catches us, we’re screwed.”
He nodded. “Do we have a tent or are we roughing it?”
“We have a tent, but it'll be a tight fit. I think it's only made for one.”
“Guess we'll be warm, then.” He grinned at her. 
She gave him a small smile. “We need to find a flat area, preferably near the road so if anyone is looking they might see us. Some tree cover might help with not getting totally soaked.”
“Probably shouldn't be at the bottom of a hill either since water tends to run down,” Ryan added, walking beside her. 
They walked in silence for awhile, then Ryan pointed slightly off the road. “What about there? Not a lot of tree cover but it's close to the road.” 
“Let's check it out.” Indie said, heading in the direction he pointed. They had to climb a small ditch and rise to get to the area. It was covered with dead leaves, and sparse trees, but was flattish. Indie glanced at the darkening sky and shrugged off her pack. “It'll have to do.”
Pulling a small bag from her pack, she began to assemble the tent. 
“So, how come you get the tent in your bag?”
She glance up at him then back to what she was doing. “You have the food.”
“That makes it even?”
“Sure. I can find food, but don't like making shelter.” Indie smiled. “I gave you a tarp to make a shelter, but figured you'd need food more if we got separated.”
“Really?”
“Hey, you coulda climbed up there and filled your own bag,” She muttered, shoving the last plastic rod through the top of the tent. Stepping back she looked over her handiwork. “Help me secure it, then let’s get inside. Those clouds are moving fast.” Grabbing a couple rocks, they hammered in the tent stakes.
After a moment, Ryan spoke. “I let you pack the bags, because you know more about this stuff than I do.”
Indie glanced at him, then pounded her stake in the ground. The drops began to fall just as they finished up and climbed inside. 
Ryan shifted, bumping into Indie. “Sorry. This is cozy.”
“Yeah, cozy and hard.” Tugging her pack closer, she dug through the contents and pulled out a wool blanket. “Here, we'll put this one down and use yours to cover up.” 
With a lot of shuffling and bumping, they got the blanket to cover the bottom of the tent. Indie lay down and closed her eyes. This was much more fun when you knew there was a nice warm house and shower waiting for you at the end of the weekend. Her stomach grumbled, and she placed her hands over it, peeking at Ryan.
He grinned, grabbing his pack and digging out the food. “Ugh, MREs,” he muttered, pulling out the olive drab bags. “There wasn't any Spaghetti Ohs? Or, I don't know, something that tastes good?”
“Stop complaining. You've got something to eat.” She tugged a bag from his hand. “Besides, cans are heavy and these have warmers. So we can have a hot meal, without a fire.”
“And yet you aren't using it,” Ryan pointed out as she ripped open the bag of food and began eating.
Indie shrugged. “It's good this way too.” The thoughts that had been dogging her steps since they'd left the truck filled her head. How could a bullet not have brought Ms. Weltner to the ground? Even if it had been a shoulder wound, it should've left her on the ground in pain. The food tasted like ash, but she forced herself to eat since she knew she'd need the calories tomorrow. “Do you think we're safe out here?”
Ryan shrugged and swallowed. “As safe as we can be. Right now I'm more worried about regular threats than those things, since they move pretty slow and there aren't many places up this way.”
Indie paused between bites. “You know what's really creepy?”
“Other than this whole situation?”
She ignored him and continued. “How quiet they are. They don't make any noise other than the shuffle.  You'd think they'd growl or groan.”
“Once again, you've watched too many movies.”
“After everything we've seen, and what's been on the news, you really think I've watched too many movies?” 
“Yes.” He grinned at her. “But seriously, this is life, not a movie.”
“I know but...” She shook her head. “You're right. I'm just trying to wrap my head around something that's way beyond my scope. I'd rather be worrying about graduation, prom, and what my parents are going to do when I tell them I was accepted to Potsdam. Not how much my mom will freak when I tell her I shot the cranky old lady across the road in self-defense.” Sniffling, she rolled up what was left of her food and set it aside. 
“Hey, it's natural for you to be upset for shooting someone, even if she was already dead.”
“I keep playing it over in my head and wonder if I could've run or something.”
Setting his food down, Ryan put his arm around her shoulders. “I saw the whole thing. You made the right choice. If you hadn't, you might have been infected, and I really don't want a zombie for a girlfriend.”
Indie's head jerked up, she looked at him in the dying light. “Girlfriend?”
“Yeah, girlfriend.” He leaned toward her. She moved to meet him halfway, but miscalculated in the dim light and they bumped noses. A giggle bubbled out of her. He chuckled and kissed her. Her worries slipped away under the onslaught of his lips. His hand cupped the back of her head, tangling in her ponytail. His intensity left her breathless. She'd never been kissed like this before. 
The sound of something rubbing against the outside of the tent caused them to jump apart. Reaching behind her, she grabbed the rifle while Ryan snatched the shotgun. They heard voices and lights flashed outside, then the zipper began to open. As the tent flap fell open, a light momentarily blinded them. 
“Indiana?”
Holding her hand to her eyes, she squinted into the light. “Dad?”
The light moved out of her eyes, and she could see her father in rain gear squatting next to the flap. He turned yelling over his shoulder. “Found them, guys!”
****
Susie stepped out of the kitchen as Indie stormed into the cabin, followed by Dan who slammed the door. Smiling she started toward her friend, relieved that they'd found Indie safe, but stopped when Dan growled at his daughter. 
“Why didn't you stay with the truck, young lady?”
Indiana whirled on him. “Because there was more of a risk staying than leaving.”
“We would have found you faster.”
“So could those things, hillbillies, animals...” Indie clicked things off on her fingers.
Dan shook his head. “Sweetie, you guys would have been safer in the cab. Also, how could you forget gas?”
“We're not all super survival guys, Dad.”
Susie blinked and stepped back into the kitchen. She'd never heard Indie talk to her parents like this, it was kind of a shock. 
Indiana continued. “I weighed the risk vs. reward. We didn't know if you would or could come get us. We didn't know if those things were following us. We didn't know if there were scavengers around who would kill us for the supplies. We did everything right as we saw it.” 
Tera appeared from the bedroom. Walking over to Indie, she slid her arm around her daughter’s shoulders. “I'm sure you did, honey, your father has just been worried. Like the rest of us.”
Indie shook her mom's arm off. “I'm sorry for making you worry. But I am able to make the right decisions on my own when needed. You two can't hover forever.” 
Susie watched her stalk down the hall, then walked over to the cupboard and grabbed a couple chocolate bars Tera had stashed. 
As she started to follow Indie, she heard Tera ask, “What in the world did you say to her?”
“I have no idea. I just mentioned what they did wrong.” Tera sighed, crossing her arms. “I might have also commented on how them making out in the tent wasn't part of survival.”
Susie smirked and continued down the hall as Tera chewed Dan a new one. Pushing open Indie's door, she found her friend lying on her bed. Tossing one of the bars over, Susie kicked the door shut behind her. 
“I guess you heard all that.”
Susie nodded, sitting on the bed. “And then some, but you shouldn't be hard on your parents. It's crazy right now.”
“I know.” Indie shook her head. “You have no idea what it's like down there.”
Susie was quiet, picking at the candy bar in her hand. Actually, she probably had a better idea that most. 
“Indie, I lied. My mom never made it to the hospital.”
A puzzled look crossed Indiana's face. “What do you mean?”
Tears pricked the corners of Susan's eyes. “Mom refused to go to the doctor when she got sick. She said it was just food poisoning and she'd be fine. Then she just kept getting worse and worse. By the time AJ got home, she was gone. I called nine-one-one, but before the ambulance could show up Mom was back up. At first we thought she was better, that we'd screwed up. Then she attacked AJ.” Susie shook her head. “I freaked and smashed her in the head with a lamp. The EMTs arrived and took them both away. The hospitals weren't letting family in, just sick people.”
“Wow. So that's why you flipped when you saw...” Indie looked away and bit her lip.
“Your neighbor, she looked just like mom after she woke up.”
“Why didn't you say anything?”
“I don't know. I was trying to process it and you were in Miss Bossy mode so I just...”
“Pulled your usual, keep it inside until you blow?” 
Susie smiled tightly and nodded. “I'm a little worried. Mr. Anderson was bit and he's getting worse, what will they do if he turns into one of those things? All it takes is a tiny scratch to transfer the virus, right?”
“The news said it was possible. Dad told us he'd quarantined Ted in the office until they decide what to do with him.” Indie’s voice sounded detached and void of emotion. She was looking off into space, her eyes slightly glazed.
“Hey, are you okay?”
“Hmm.” Indie snapped back to look at her. “Yeah. Sorry. Just tired and stressed.”
“Okay.” She didn't buy it, this wasn't like her friend. Indie could be bossy, and self-absorbed at times, but she was always there for her friends. But if she didn't want to spill the beans then Susan decided to change the subject. “So. You and Hottie Hillbilly.”
Indiana shrugged, tearing into the candy. “Dad had to open his mouth.”
“Is he why you broke up with Todd?”
“No. Todd was a dork. I only went out with him because it was the thing to do. Cheerleader, jock... Mom was thrilled.” Indie rolled her eyes and leaned against the head board. “Sorry.”
“It's okay. I've come to grips with what happened.”
“How?”
Susan shrugged looking down at her hands.“It wasn't my mom anymore.”
Indie nodded. “I shot Ms. Weltner in the shoulder, she didn't even feel it. Even though I know she was already dead, I still feel bad.”
“Don't be. They’re not people anymore,” Susie said, standing and walking out the door.
****
A shout from the bunk house had Indie and Susie exchange a glance before jumping to their feet and running across the grounds. A crowd had gathered around the doorway, but no one seemed to want to venture in. A loud thumping came from the back of the building. Anna stumbled out toward them clutching her arm which was bleeding pretty badly. There was a crash, Dan ran toward the door, his shirt ripped and looking worst for wear. He was followed by a gun shot, then a second. A few moments later, Ryan stalked out. He shoved the pistol into Dan's hands and walked away. 
Torn, Indie looked from Ryan's disappearing back to her father. Dan gave her a subtle shooing motion and she turned and headed after Ryan. She found him at the edge of the lake. Stepping close, she slid her arms around his waist. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her tight, and buried his face in her hair. 
They stood like that for a while, then Ryan turned to look out at the water. “That was the hardest thing I've ever done.” Unsure what to say, Indie stroked his back and he continued. “Anna didn't realize he'd turned until it was too late. She wasn't supposed to go in alone, and we were only a few minutes too late. Your dad intervened, but I think he got scratched. Anna ran for it, Dan got out of the way, I hesitated...the door gave out then...” His arms tightened around Indie.
“You don't have to say,” Indie murmured, running her fingers up and down his spine. 
He shook his head, then looked down at her. “We should bug out.”
“What? No.”
He grabbed her shoulders. “Listen the more people that are around us the more of a chance there is to get infected. I get you don't want to leave your family, but Anna got bit. It's going to keep repeating until everyone's gone.”
Indie pried his hands off her shoulders. “You're upset right now. We'll talk about this later.”
Running a hand through his hair, Ryan stalked toward the water, then turned back toward her. Indie tensed as he grabbed her again, but when he pressed his lips to her forehead she relaxed. 
“Okay. I need to take a walk and blow off some steam.”
She nodded, biting her lip. Ryan kissed her again, then headed toward the woods. Indie watched him go, thinking about what he'd said. Then she headed off to find her dad. 


Chapter 8

Indie poked at the fire then settled back against Ryan. 
“When I said we should bug out I didn't mean like this.”
“I know,” she replied, taking his hand. “None of us wanted it to happen like this.”
“I can't believe we're reduced to this.” Susie pouted on the other side of the fire. “What the hell was everyone thinking?”
“Susie, you can understand what they were thinking, can't you? It's hard to kill a friend or family member. It goes against everything we're taught, heck, our nature.”
Susan shook her head. “Each of us has done what we needed—”
Ryan interrupted her. “And none of us has felt good about doing it.”
Susie glared at him, then fell into a sulky silence. 
Indie sighed. This situation was changing them all. “We need to make a game plan. Living off the land during the summer will be easy, but...”
“Forget it! I know you're having fun, it's just camping with your boyfriend, Indiana, but I want to go back to town.”
“Hell no!” Ryan roared, jerking up. “We need to stay away from people.”
“We need information. Maybe there's a cure or the military is evacuating.” Susie yelled back. 
“Guys, arguing isn't helping.” 
“Going back to town with those things everywhere is a death sentence.” Ryan said, glaring across the fire pit at Susie. 
“What if they've figured out a way to get rid of them? What if there's help?” Susan protested. “We should at least see what town offers.”
Indie exchanged a glance with Ryan, who shook his head. “I think going down there is a mistake.”
In an attempt to pacify everyone Indie suggested, “Why don't we sleep on it? In the morning we can make plans.” When it looked like neither would let it drop, she added, “Even if we decide to go to town it'll take a few days to hike out. We can't do anything tonight.”
“You're right.” Ryan leaned back and putting his arm around her shoulders.
Susan didn't say anything, just crossed her arms and flopped back against her pack. 
****
Susan felt the anger bubbling under her skin. Indiana and Ryan were fine with living like this, but there was no way she could. They didn't get it. Roughing it for her had been living at the cabin. Sleeping on the ground, eating roots, berries and what they scrounged off the land. No way. 
She didn't care if those things had taken over the town, she needed civilization. There had to be other people, military help, something. 
Indie stood. “I'm going to bed.”
Susie nodded, but didn't reply as Indie climbed into the tent with Ryan right behind her. She could hear them whispering back and forth. They were going to side with each other. They knew what was best, or at least thought they did. Glaring at the tent, she made her decision. She pulled out her map and looked over it in the dying firelight. A good poke and a few more twigs gave her enough light to see by. The map looked like a mess of green, brown and blue covered with random circles and lines. 
Closing her eyes, she tried to pull everything she'd ever learned about maps from her subconscious. With a sigh, she opened her eyes. Names printed on spots of blues she recognized as lakes and ponds. A few of the thicker lines had road names, and none of them looked as far as Indie had made them out to be. Only problem was she had no idea which way to go. Eagle Bay was by Fourth Lake, in theory that would be south. But which way was south? Pulling out the compass, she watched the needle spin, then wobble to a semi-stop. The needle pointed north so she just needed to go in the opposite direction. This wasn't anywhere near as hard as Indie made it out to be. Folding up the map, she tucked it into her pack, then stuck the compass in her pocket. 
Pulling out a pad and pencil she wrote a quick note and pushed it through the tent flap. She zipped everything she had into her pack and heaved it on to her shoulder. 
****
Indie awoke with a piece of paper stuck to her face. Pulling it from her cheek, she blinked to focus her eyes. 
Indie, I know you two are going to veto my plan so I'm taking off. If you guys want to play house in the woods, it's fine by me. Sorry. This isn't my thing. 
Xoxo 
Susie

“Crap!!” Indie scrambled up. “Ryan.” She shook his shoulder. “Get up. Susie took off by herself.”
“What?” He groaned, rubbing his eyes. 
Indie waved the note in his face. “Susie took off in the middle of the night.”
“Good, now we don't have to worry... Ow!” He jerked up, rubbing his leg where Indie kicked him.
“We have to go after her.”
“Why? She clearly doesn't want our help.”
Indie clenched her teeth, trying hard not to yell. “Because she isn't going to have enough food or water to get to town on foot.”
“Her problem, not ours.”
“Ryan!”
“This is survival, Indie...” He trailed off as he looked up at her. 
Hot angry tears slipped down her cheeks. “You and Susie are all I have left. I will not let her kill herself by walking into the woods unprepared. So get your ass out of that sleeping bag, get dressed and help me break camp. Now!”
Slack jawed, Ryan stared at her, then climbed out of the sleeping bag. Indie stalked out of the tent. She was being a diva and knew it. But she had no idea if her parents were even alive or if they had been turned into those creatures. She wasn't going to lose the two people she had left. Susie didn't know what she was in for. Pooling their resources made this a walk in the park compared to going it alone with nothing but a pack. Not to mention what would happen if she actually made it to town and ran into those things. 
Wiping her eyes, Indie scanned the area where they'd set up camp. Susie couldn't have made it too far, even with the full moon last night it would have been hard to see. Hopefully she hadn't fallen and broken her leg or something. Drawing a deep breath, Indie began to prioritize. Eat breakfast, break camp and find Susie's trail. Survival 101, keep your strength up. Feeling more composed, she ducked back into the tent. 
Ryan looked up from rolling his sleeping bag. “Sorry I was being such an ass.”
She put her hand up, stopping him. “Don't, okay? Just help me find her.” 
He nodded, tying up his sleep bag as she grabbed her jeans and pulled them over the shorts she slept in.
“I'll scrounge us up some grub.”
Indie nodded, pulling on her shoes. Ryan ducked out of the tent. Indie sighed then rolled up her own sleeping bag. 
****
Not surprisingly, Susie had left a trail a blind monkey could follow. She'd left footprints, broken branches and smashed underbrush in her wake. After trudging through the woods for a couple hours, the smell of wood smoke wafted toward them on the breeze. Following the scent, they soon heard Susie's unmistakable high-pitched giggle. Indie exchanged a glance with Ryan before continuing forward. Cautiously they crept closer, stumbling to a stop at the edge of a clearing. 
Susie sat next to a fire pit, across from an older man, who was vaguely familiar to Indie, and a set of twin boys about their age who held shotguns. Susie glanced over her shoulder at them, as the boys lowered their guns. 
“What are you doing here?” Susie asked in a snotty voice. 
“Good to see you too, BFF,” Indie muttered, stalking over to where Susie sat on a fallen log. 
“Come on, kids,” the older guy said good naturedly. “We've got enough for everybody.” He lifted the lid on the pot sitting in the pit and the smell of venison stew crept up, making Indie's mouth water. Slipping off her pack she plopped down beside Susie. Ryan followed, sitting on Indie's other side. 
Stirring the pot the guy said, “I'm Fred, the boys are Eugene and Earl.”
“Indiana Macari.” 
“Ryan Anderson.” 
Fred leaned back studying her. “You're Dan's girl, right?”
Indie nodded, swallowing the lump in her throat. Since leaving the school, she'd been so focused on keeping everyone alive and going she hadn't given into thinking about what might have happened at the school. Had anyone else survived? Had they stopped the infection, before it'd gotten everyone? After Ryan's dad, Dan had slapped a B.O.B. in her hands and told her to bug out until it was clear. She'd wanted her parents to come with her, but they'd refused, taking responsibility for all the others. Instead, she'd taken Ryan and Susie. Indie stared into the fire wondering if her dad had gotten infected from the scratch he'd received. Anna most assuredly had been. Would anyone do anything or would it happen again and again? 
Fred cleared his throat, and Indie's head jerked up. “Don't worry, if anyone can survive a zombie apocalypse, it's your father.”
Indie blinked away the moisture that gathered in her eyes. 
Ryan glanced at her then said, “We're not sure if anyone survived. We did a supply run to see what was going on in town and my dad got bit. He...” Ryan swallowed. “He turned and bit one of the women, scratched Dan. We lost radio contact a few days ago, so we don't have a clue if they're okay or not.”
Fred nodded, “Towns full of zombies, now.”
“It's like Dawn of the Dead down there,” Eugene pipped up.
“Yeah, they’re all gross and decomposing,” Earl added, groaning and doing a bad zombie impression.
Fred gave the pot one last stir then declared, “Soup’s on. You three got bowls or something?”
Indie dug around in her pack and pulled out a metal cup which she handed to Fred. As he filled it, she pulled out a plastic spork. Fred handed her cup back full of hot stew and took Susie's next. 
“Thought you were a vegetarian,” Indie murmured, blowing on her food.
“After eating roots, berries and the occasional twig, I'm done.”
Indie smiled, taking a bite. It wasn't great but having real food after living off the land and MREs was a delight. After wolfing down her stew, she sighed and put her cup on the ground between her feet.
“So, where are you headed?”
Indie glanced from Susie to Ryan but both ignored her and kept eating. “Not sure. Where are we?”
“About ten miles south east of where you started.”
Propping her elbows on her knees, Indie pressed her head into her hands. What to do? She badly wanted to go back and see what happened at the school, but she also didn't want to endanger Susie or Ryan. 
“You're all welcome to come to our place. I'm sure we can make room.”
Ryan leaned toward her. “I think we should take the offer, regroup and figure out what to next.”
“Fine. Yeah, it's a good idea.” Wiping out her cup, Indie muttered, “I just wish I had my Jeep.”
“Where is it?” Fred asked, starting to pick things up.
Indie glanced at him, startled anyone had heard her. “ In the parking area at the school. Just inside the gate.”
Fred scratched at his cheek. “Maybe we can work something out.”
****
Indie peered through the cab of the truck at the old farm house. Fred, Eugene and Susie sat inside and had left the slider open. She had a clear view through the back and front window from where she sat in the truck bed. The place had seen better days. It was in need of a fresh coat of paint and some major TLC. They'd nailed chicken wire to the upper floor windows and metal stall doors with chicken wire under it to the lower floor windows. 
“Nice work.”
Earl shot her a cocky grin. “Using the stall doors was my idea.”
She gave him a small smile, turning back toward the house. A tingle of worry skittered down her back. She stood, looking over the cab. Nope she wasn't seeing things. The front door hung open, swaying in the breeze. Fred eased the truck to a stop. As he did, something moved in the shadows just inside the door. Leaving the truck running, Fred got out. “You all stay here, if anything happens get the hell outta here.”
“Yes, sir.” Eugene slid into the driver seat. 
Fred met Indie's eye. He gave her a quick nod and slowly walked toward the house. A knot of unease tightened in her stomach. Shrugging the shotgun off her shoulder, she laid it on the cab roof. Reaching into her pocket, she took a few shells and pushed them into the gun. She had just finished when a nasty looking decaying zombie stumbled over the threshold. Fred froze, staring as the creature fell down the front steps. As it hoisted itself to its feet, Indie clicked the safety off. She focused the sight on the zombie and squeezed the trigger. A deafening boom left her ears ringing and the recoil made her shoulder ache. But that felt like nothing when she saw the zombie's head exploded like a watermelon full of firecrackers. Indie's eyes darted to the door. A fresher looking dead guy weaved on his feet, shambling out onto the porch and down the steps. It took her a second to register the strong resemblance between Fred and the zombie. 
“Those bastards got Freddy,” Earl yelled from behind her, his words barely filtering through the noise in her head. 
She chambered another round, but Fred rushed forward getting into the shot. The shrill ring in her ear kept her from hearing what Fred was saying, but it looked as if he was trying to reason with his zombified son. The dead man just moved closer, a look of pure hatred on his face, teeth gnashing like a feral animal. As Freddy grabbed his dad, Indie moved for a better shot. Not getting a clear angle, she gritted her teeth, and decided to chance it. Instead of going for the head, she aimed for the biggest part of his leg. It wouldn't stop him, but might slow him down. Praying she didn't shoot the wrong body, she took the shot. The slug ripped through the zombie’s calf, causing it to lose balance, and Fred was able to wrench his arm free. As he stumbled away from the creature that used to be his son, Indie reloaded, and chambered a round and aimed for Freddy's head. The slug caught half his head, ripping it apart, and a second later the body flopped to the ground. 
The ringing made Indie want to put her hands over her ears, it was almost painful, but it wouldn't have done any good anyway. Instead, she focused on Fred. He had to be in shock, he just stood staring at the corpse at his feet and absently rubbed his arm. A hand closed around her wrist and she spun to see Earl next to her. He was livid. 
“You shot my brother!” he yelled, face red and tears streaking down his cheeks. 
He looked so young, even though he was probably only a year younger than her. Swallowing, Indie pulled her wrist from his grip. 
“That wasn't your brother anymore.”
Ryan took Earl by the shoulders and moved him over to sit on the wheel well. Indie still couldn't hear what they were saying, although the ringing was decreasing. She hoped she didn't have permanent hearing damage. Shaking her head, she added another shell to the shotgun and moved to the side of the truck. 
“Where are you going?” Ryan asked.
“Fred needs help. He's in shock, and if there are more things they'll be coming this way. We need to get the hell out of dodge.”
Indie walked as far from the bodies as she could, keeping an eye on them just in case. “Fred?” Cautiously she approached him, unsure what he might do. She had just shot his son, even if it was to save his life and his son was already dead. “We have to go...”
He shook his head. “Evie...” Finally he looked at her as if coming out of a trace. “My wife…she was here too.”
“Okay, could she still be in the house?”
“I don't know.” 
Puffing out a sigh, Indie looked at the house, then at Fred. His hands shook, eyes glassy, and sweat beaded his forehead. There was no way she was giving him a gun. Poor guy would probably shoot himself, if he didn't have a heart attack first. “Come on.” 
Slowly they walked to the farm house, and up the steps. Indie peeked inside. Thankfully her hearing was returning to normal. It was quiet, no shuffling. She wasn't sure if that was a good sign or not. Pushing the door open wider, she stepped inside and looked around. The large living room was decorated in whites and tans, making the blood splatter stand out. There was a soft moan from the couch. Inching forward on guard in case something jumped out, Indie peered over the back of the coach and gasped. 
Fred groaned from behind her. “Evie, honey.” He rushed around the furniture to kneel by his wife’s side. 
Indie couldn't take her eyes off the poor woman, she'd never seen anything like it. It looked like she'd been bit repeatedly before trying to commit suicide. A twenty two revolver with a pink handle lay on the floor next to Evie's hand. The absent thought that she had the identical model floated through Indie's head as she tried to process. 
“She's alive, but...” Fred trailed off, staring at his wife’s mutilated body. 
Indie blinked away tears. “Fred, we need to go. If one got in then others can too, it's not safe. Think about Eugene and Earl, they need their dad.”
He nodded, wiping his face. “You're right.” Reaching up he pulled the blanket from the back of the couch and covered Evie. “Supplies. We're going to need more supplies.” 
“Okay, where?”
“There should be a box by the kitchen door.”
“Got it.” Leaving Fred in the living room, Indie found the kitchen and the box, by the back door. Shouldering the gun, she hefted the box and carried it out to the truck. 
Earl was a sobbing mess curled up in a sleeping bag in the truck bed. Susie looked like she might throw up and turned her head avoid eye contact when Indie looked at her. Ryan lifted the box from her hands, setting it next to the camping gear already in the truck. 
Eugene clutched the wheel like a life line. “Is my mom...?”
Indie found the words stuck in her throat. How do you tell someone their parent's dead? Closing her eyes, she settled for shaking her head. A sob escaped Eugene, then there was a pop from the house. 
“Dad!” Eugene was half out of the truck when Fred exited the house weighed down by several guns. 
Fred set the guns in the truck. He wouldn't look at anyone as he said, “I couldn't leave her like that.”
There was a moment of silence, only disturbed by sobs from the boys and a sniffle from Susie. Fred looked up at them. Indie didn't like the glint in his eye as he said, “Now let’s go get your Jeep.”
****
At the gate, Ryan hopped down and opened the lock, pushing the rusted metal out of the way. Fred rolled through and Ryan shut and relocked the gate. Not that it would really keep anything out. Indie noticed immediately that several of the vehicles were missing. Others had gotten away, a wave of relief passed over her only to tense back up. Her mom and dad wouldn't have abandoned her or the school, not unless they absolutely had to and then they would've let her know where they went. Somehow. Before Fred had fully stopped, she jumped out and ran over to her jeep. Peering in the window first, she yanked open the driver side door. 
On the backseat sat a bag of guns and a box of MREs. Canned goods and various supplies sat on the floor boards. A white sheet of folded paper lay on the bag. Shakily Indie picked it up and unfolded it. Her father’s scratchy handwriting filled the page. 

Indiana, 
I'm sure you doubled back probably hoping to find a safe haven. It's not here! Nowhere is safe, sweetheart. I sent the others away. We quarantined those who were sick, but supplies dwindled and things began to fail. Those creatures began to wander in, they managed to find us somehow...It was no longer safe and probably still isn't. I'm sorry to say that mom got bit saving one of the kids from a sick individual. The scratch I received from Ted led to my own illness. Don't worry, we won't become those things... I won't let that happen. I've stocked your jeep with the tools to keep you alive for a while and I've given you the knowledge to survive when that has gone. You were right, you do have the know-how to do the right thing and do what's right for you. I'm proud of you.
Love
Dad

PS If Ryan is still with you tell him his mom left with the others. She's okay. 

Tears blurred her vision causing the words to swim. Wet drops rolled over her cheeks and down her nose. Ryan wrapped his arms around her from behind, holding her against him. 
Taking the note, Susie read it then said, “Indie, I'm so sorry. I know you were hoping...” She trailed off as Indie sobbed. 
It wasn't fair. One of the things that had kept her going out in the woods had been the thought she'd see her folks again. Now what did she have? 
Two people who were relying on her to keep it together. Drawing a deep breath, Indie wiped her face on her shirtsleeve. Pushing Ryan away, she turned to Fred who leaned against his truck patiently waiting. “Got a map?” she croaked, her voice rough with tears.
His eyebrows shot up, but he just nodded. “Eugene, get the map from the glove box.”
As Indie walked back over to the truck, Eugene got out holding a road map. Taking it from him she spread it out on the hood of the truck. Her eyes traced the roads and towns. “I think we should check Fort Drum, they might have something set up there,” she mused, tapping the map. “If this was just the US then maybe we could cross into Canada. I don't know, maybe they have something set up for survivors.”
“It's a plan. What worries me is going near places that had a large or at least decent size population.”
Indie nodded, studying the map. “We should stick to back roads and smaller towns.”
“What do we do if the border’s closed?” Susie asked. 
Even though her devil's advocate shtick was getting annoying, Susie had a point. Indie chewed on the inside of her lip as she looked over the map. If they couldn't get into Canada, going north wasn't going to help. 
“Head south?” Earl piped up.
“If we do, we'll have to avoid big cities.” 
Fred nodded in agreement. “Anywhere there were a lot of people, there will be a lot of zombies.”
Indie cringed. Even if it was an apt description, she didn't like that word. “Even though it's still early in the year, we should think about where we want to be for winter.”
Fred laid his hand on her shoulder. “Let's not get ahead of ourselves, Missy.” He glanced skyward and Indie followed his line of sight. “We should probably think about where we will stay tonight.”
“Easy.” Ryan piped up. “Let’s go to my place. It's outside town, we can use the bunker. We have solar power and there should still be leftover supplies we can take.”
Indie shivered, just the thought of spending the night in an underground bunker made her claustrophobic. She looked up at Fred. “What do you think?”
“You're running this show, little girl. Me and the boys are just along for the ride.”
Great, just what she hadn't wanted to hear—the only adult in the group was looking to her as the leader. “Fine.” She folded the map as best she could. No one on earth could refold a map right and if they could they were gifted. Handing it back to Fred, she added, “Ryan will drive the Jeep, you follow.”
“Dad, can I ride with Indie and Ryan?” Eugene asked, slipping out of the truck.
Fred looked at Indie and she shrugged. He nodded, slowly. “Yeah, just be careful.”
Indie glanced at Susie. “Who are you riding with?”
Her eyes darted toward Eugene, then back to Indie. “You guys.”
Indie nodded as she started toward her Jeep. Yanking open the door, she pulled the bag of guns out and moved them to the back. Susie climbed into the back seat and Eugene followed. Indie walked around to the passenger seat, getting in. 
Ryan stood waiting for the two in the back to get settled, When he finally got in, Indie said, “Keys under the seat.”
He reached under and pulled out her keys. Indie closed her eyes as Ryan started the Jeep and turned it around. The thought to tell someone to shut the gate flashed through her mind but what was the point. She opened the glove box and pulled out a small notebook and pen. Flipping it open to a blank page, she began jotting down what she knew about the zombies. 

Chapter 9

Indie jolted awake when the jeep turned off. She sat up and looked around blearily. “We here?” She rubbed her hand over her eyes to clear them. 
“Yeah.” Ryan peered out the windshield. 
“Kay, you and I will get out, make sure it's safe.” She twisted in her seat to look at Eugene and Susie. “Just stay here until we give you the all's clear.”
Eugene nodded, and Susie shrugged. Puffing out a sigh, Indie rolled her eyes and took her gun. She cautiously got out of the Jeep. The farm was quiet. Chickens, geese and ducks wandered the yard like usual. From the barn came several soft moos and a neigh. The house still looked closed up. Everything seemed normal. Ryan exchanged a glance with Indie over the Jeep, then went to the back and pulled out a rifle. Together they walked toward and then around the house. The windows were boarded up and the doors still locked. It didn't look like anyone had tried to get in. Ryan jerked his head toward the barn and Indie nodded. The doors were open. The smell of hay, animal and manure hit her as soon as they entered. Upon seeing them, the animals began to stir, cows mooed to either be fed or milked. The horses moved forward to the stall doors. One nudged Indie's arm as she walked by. Ryan peered behind the hay bales as Indie checked the stalls. Finding nothing, they moved on to the other out buildings. The shed door hung open. Indie moved forward to grab the door, holding it open so Ryan could look inside. He shook his head and Indie let out the breath she was holding. Shutting the door, she latched it. The garage and equipment shed turned up empty as well. Breathing easier, they went back to the vehicles. 
Fred leaned against his truck holding his shotgun. “Anything?”
“Nope,” Indie replied. “But I'd still like to leave what we have in the vehicles in case we need to make a speedy getaway."
Fred nodded. Looking over his shoulder, he gave Earl a wave. Earl climbed out of the truck, and Ryan opened the jeep door letting Eugene and Susie know it was okay. Indie looked around the farm as they got out, then up at the sun. It was probably close to four, maybe five. They'd still have a couple hours of sunlight left. 
“Susie, would you mind checking out the kitchen and making dinner?”
“I can do that, but it'd go faster with help.” 
“Eugene, Earl, one of you help Susie.” 
Earl glared at her, and Eugene stepped forward. “I'll do it.”
Indie nodded, ignoring Earl. He was angry with her and she didn't blame him one bit. More than likely she'd never be his favorite person. She still felt she had done the right thing. “Fred, do you think you and Earl could scope out the land around the house, make sure there aren't any roaming…well anything that'll want to eat us period?” Indie asked, recalling the bear attack with a shiver.
“You got it, little Miss.” Fred shouldered his shotgun with a grin. Grabbing Earl by his collar, he added, “Let's go, son.” 
“Okay boss, what do you want me to do?” Ryan looked at her with a smile. 
Indie crooked her finger at him and started toward the barn. “I want you to help me saddle Nellie.”
“Why?”
Drawing in a breath she knew he wasn't going to like what she was going to do. None of them would which is why she put them to work. “I'm taking her into town...”
He stopped mid-stride. “No, it's too dangerous.”
“We have no idea what it is, because we've been hiding in the woods for the last few months. We need to know what it's like before we head out of here.” She kept walking and Ryan trotted to catch up. She paused at the barn door, looking back at him, then the house. “I need to know what we up against.”
“And I'm supposed to sit here on my hands while you do all the dangerous stuff?”
Looking up at him she smirked. “So you want to be my big bad protector, now?”
He leaned in close. “I think I did a pretty damn good job with that bear.” Ryan pressed his lips against hers before she could reply. Indie pressed her hands to his chest, fisting his shirt. His tongue teased and toyed with hers. Pulling away, he looked down at her. “You're going to be careful, right?”
She nodded, collecting her thoughts. “I want you to try and see if there is any information floating around. Radio, TV, two-way, hell, even try the internet.” Indie headed into the barn. Ryan strode passed her to the far wall and got down a saddle and some other riding gear. 
“You don't really expect to hear anything, though, do you?”
“I'm not getting my hopes up.” She led a black mare out of her stall. “But it's worth a try.”
Ryan shrugged, saddling the horse. “So what exactly are you expecting to accomplish?”
Indie peered over the horse’s back. “Know thy enemy, and all that jazz.”
****
The clip clop of Nellie's hooves on the road broke the silence. Indie let the horse go at her own pace. She'd chosen the mare due to her calm temperament. On high alert, Indie kept her eyes peeled, not only watching for undead but also animals. So she saw the shambling form in the distance before she heard it shuffle. Strangely the horse didn't seem fazed by the appearance. Indie frowned and decided to test a theory. If things went bad she could either shoot the zombie or kick Nellie into a faster pace and out run the thing. Flattening herself against the horse’s back, Indie let her amble along. As they grew closer, she watched the zombie pause. It was pretty decayed and the smell triggered Nellie to trot, then run as they went by. The zombie, which at one time might have been a woman, gazed at the horse with blank eyes, but it didn't freak out or grab at them. Once they were passed, Indie turned her head to watch the undead. It stopped in the road, weaving back and forth like a drunk, then slowly began moving forward. 
Nellie nickered when Indie pulled her to a stop. As Indie debated if she should shoot the poor creature, Nellie danced to the side trying to put more distance between them. Suddenly a flash of yellow darted forward. Nellie neighed and reared as a mountain lion took the zombie down and dragged the struggling thing off the road. Shocked, Indie could only hold on as Nellie bolted. When the horse finally slowed, Indie shook her head, letting out a small laugh to relieve the tension in her chest. Reaching down she patted the horse’s neck. “Guess the DEC was wrong, huh girl?”
Surprisingly she didn't see any more zombies as she got closer to town. 
At least moving ones. She saw several piles of what might have been human remains. Each time it sent a shiver over her skin and she forced Nellie to pick up the pace. As houses became more frequent, Indie shifted the rifle across her lap so it was easier to grab. 
The sound of a shotgun blast then another in rapid secession startled her. Gun shots meant people, probably people in trouble. She wavered for a moment, unsure if she should ride to the rescue or bolt back the way she came. Her ingrained sense to do what was right won out and she turned Nellie toward the shots. As she turned the corner, Indie came upon a weird sight. Three zombies stood around a truck trying to grab a man who stood on the top of the cab. He swung his shotgun like a baseball bat, trying to hit the zombie on the driver side with the stock. 
Several more putrid bodies lay on the ground, skulls destroyed. Stopping Nellie, Indie swung her rifle around and trained the sight on the driver side zombie. Pulling the trigger, she watched gore splatter over the truck as it fell to the ground. The guy looked over and gave a grateful wave as she turned to the other two. Dropping one, then sighting in the other, it turned toward her and she almost dropped the gun. Todd snarled, his face contorted with rage, and made another swipe for the man on the roof. Sweet, fun loving Todd, the guy who called her Baby and who she'd broken up with, was now one of those things. 
“It's not whoever you think it is!” 
Indie snapped back, swallowing the lump in her throat she pulled the trigger. His head snapped to the side, smashing into the side mirror as he fell to the ground. She drew a deep breath, willing herself not to cry. She could do that later. 
“Thanks for your help.” The guy climbed down off the roof into the bed of the truck. “I see you got over your aversion to killing them.”
Indie shook her head. “I'm sorry, do I know you?”
“I ran into you and your boyfriend looting the grocery store.”
Bring Nellie closer, she recognized the guy. “Right. The computer virus guy.”
He chuckled. “Been called worst. Names Regis Hunter. Doctor Hunter.”
Indie held up her hand. “You are totally messing up my stereotypes. Anyway, my name’s Indie, Indiana.”
“So Indie, where's your boyfriend? It's kind of dangerous for anyone to be alone out here.”
“He's around. So Doctor, what can you tell me about these things?” She gestured to the ground. 
Regis nodded. “I'd be happy to share my knowledge, but do you think we could go somewhere less smelly?”
Indie gestured for him to lead on. Regis leaped out of the truck, skirted the bodies, and headed out of the parking lot. With one last quick glance toward Todd, she jerked Nellie after Regis. 
“Who was he?” Regis asked when she caught up.
“Huh?”
“The zombie. You had no problem with the first two, but hesitated on the third so I assume you knew him.”
“Ex-boyfriend.”
“Bet that was cathartic.”
“Not really. He was a good guy, we just didn't work.”
“Why?”
“What are you, a shrink?”
He laughed. “No, plastic surgeon. I was just curious.”
“Not much call for that up here is there?”
“No, I worked in New York City and had a vacation house up here. When things went south, I figured it'd be safer up here.”
“Tell me about the zombies.”
“It's a virus. Like I told you, it takes over, makes the victim sick and kills them. It brings the body back to life, such as it is, with the whole purpose to infect others. It's not like the movies. They aren't trying to eat your flesh. At least at first they just seemed to want to infect people. One bite and you'll get sick. You have maybe a week or two. Two to three bites will halve that time, and the more bites you get, the quicker the virus works. But now they seem to be getting more violent. Something's changing, the virus may possibly be mutating.”
“How do they know who's already infected and who's not?”
“Smell, I think. I've been studying them, but there's still a lot I don't know. I can say that the older they get, the less they can sense. The virus seemed to speed up decomposition, originally.” He stopped and leaned up against a Land Rover. “Did you see the mess on your way into town?”
Indie nodded. “I was wondering about that.”
“Yeah who ever made this virus wanted an end date. They wanted to weaken the world. It wasn't just us who were hit, and I don't think they counted on air travel. Shortly after things went crazy here, other countries started to get sick. People travel, I don't think the terrorists counted on people traveling so fast or while sick. I don't think they counted on the mutation, either.”
Indie leaned on her pummel. “Are you saying this backfired and spread where it wasn't supposed to? Then it mutated into something else once it was out?”
Regis nodded, “It's worldwide and everything’s gone down. If there were countries still up and running then the internet would still be going even if it was in Russian. But it's dead. Everything’s dead. And the things that came back are changing. That's the problem with viruses they are always mutating.” 
Indie sat up, starting to get a little creeped out. “How are they changing?”
“Like I said their attacks have been more violent, not just spreading the virus but killing people. Mutilating them. Even eating them, it really is Dawn of the Dead around here.”
Indie suppressed a shiver remembering Evie. “Well Doc, thanks for the info, I should find my boyfriend and hunker down for the night.” She tapped the radio on her waist. “We're using channel eighteen if you need to contact us. Are you going to be okay?”
Regis nodded. “Yeah. Be careful, it's dangerous.”
“Will do.” Indie kicked Nellie back the way she came, rolling things over in her head. 
****
Dismounting, Indie walked Nellie into the barn, her legs shaky from riding so long. She had just finished unsaddling and bedding down the horse as the barn door squeaked open. She paused, her entire body tensing. 
“So you’re back?” Ryan called out, and she relaxed, stepping out of the stall. 
“Yeah.”
“Did you figure out the secret to unlife?”
Indie rolled her eyes, heading out of the barn. “I learned some interesting stuff, but not that.”
He caught her arm, and tugged her to him. “I was really worried about you.”
“I'm a big girl I can take care of myself.” She muttered, wrapping her arms around him. 
Sliding his arms around her waist he ran his fingers along her spine. “I know you are, but maybe next time we go together or you take someone as a back up. Please, for my sanity.” He nuzzled her neck. “We're all we have and I don't think I could take losing you.” 
Tendrils of dread and grief, spread through her chest. Squeezing her eyes shut she pushed all those feeling down, she'd deal with them later alone. Tightening her hold on Ryan she didn't reply, she couldn't guarantee any of them would survive. Ryan tipped her face up and his lips were on her's. The kiss was intense. Pent up grief, worry and frustration, being released in a burst of passion. Indie pressed herself against Ryan, her fingers twisting into his hair. He eased her around, pressing her against the stalls wooden slates. His hips ground against hers. 
Indie's eye's flew open and she planted her hands on his chest pushing him back. Panting she shook her head. There was no way her first time would be in a barn. “I'm gross, I need to get cleaned up.” 
He nodded, stepping back. His face was flushed, as he stuttered.“Right, sorry. I...”
“It's ok.” She cut him off, not wanting him to say anything else. She changed the subject, “Is there still hot water?”
“Yeah, well there should be now.”
“Great.” She headed for the house, after a moment Ryan followed. 
“Hey before you go in, you should know we have visitors.”
“Like real people or the kind that want to bite us and not in the good way.” 
“Real people.”
“Good maybe they know what’s going on down state.”She quickened her pace. 
Ryan jogged to catch up. “And just so we're clear, what sort of biting is the good way?”
Indie smirked and jogged up the stairs to the porch, entering through the back door. She stopped just inside the door, staring. Susie sat at the kitchen table with two men and a woman. 
“Indie, you’re back,” Susie said, glancing toward her. The other three looked at her as well. 
Indie stared in shock. “Lyric.”
“Hey cuz,” the woman muttered, getting to her feet. “You look like crap.”
“You cut your hair.” A surreal feeling swept through Indie and she swayed on her feet. “I'm going to get cleaned up and then we can talk.”
Lyric nodded, sitting back down and giving the others a tense smile. Indie ignored Susie and Ryan's questioning gazes and headed for the bathroom. Avoiding the mirror, she stripped off her dirty clothes and climbed into the shower. The freezing spray made her gasp and jump back for a moment. She fiddled with the knobs before getting a steady stream of hot water. A sigh escaped her lips as her muscles loosened under the spray. As she scrubbed her hair, the door opened. 
“Indie, I'm leaving some clean clothes on the sink.” Susie called, then the door clicked shut again. 
After rinsing off, she climbed out. She toweled off, then wrapped the towel around her hair. The sweat pants and shirt were slightly big, but then with all the weight she'd lost, even her own clothes were a little big now. Judging from the kittens playing with a ball of yarn, these had been Ryan's mom's. Susie must have picked up her stuff, since it was no longer on the floor. 
Wiping the moisture from the mirror, she finally looked at herself. Other than a few small cuts, she didn't look too bad. Letting down her hair, she brushed it and pulled the long locks back into a ponytail. Satisfied she no longer looked like she'd rolled in the mud, Indie exited the bathroom. Walking down the hall, she got that surreal feeling again as she heard voices from the kitchen. Pausing in the doorway, she watched everyone animated, talking. The smell of food hit her and her stomach growled. She couldn't remember when she'd eaten last. Behind her the front door slammed and she jumped, reaching for the handgun that was no longer at her waist. 
“Sorry, didn't mean to scare you.” It was one of the men from earlier. He gently held up his hand.
“I'm just jumpy. Not your fault.”
He nodded and gestured for her to head into the kitchen. As they entered, everyone looked at Indie.
“So are you going to tell us what you found out?” Susie asked as Indie sat in a vacant seat at the table. 
“Sure, if I can have some of whatever smells good.”
Susie filled a plate from the pans on the stove. Indie recounted her run in with the doctor. “It's not much but it's more than we had. Thanks, Susie.”
Susie nodded and Indie began eating. Venison steak, potatoes, corn and homemade bread which was slightly stale. 
“Indie, I'd like to introduce you to Marcus and Ira.” Lyric said, gesturing to the big African American man behind her and a skinny Hispanic guy with dark hair sitting beside Susie. “Guys, this is my cousin Indiana.”
“Nice to meet you,” Indie muttered around a hunk of meat, then swallowed. “So, what's your story?”
Lyric looked at Marcus, then back at Indie. “Well...”

Stay tuned for The Survivalistas Book 2- Lyric 

About the Author- Shandy lives in Upstate New York with her husband, two kids, four cats, and dog. By day is a not so mild mannered sewing machine operator. At night, and on weekends, she is Super Mom. Chasing kids, cleaning house, wrangling animals and whatever else might come up. She also runs several blogs.
Check out Mama Knows Books (http://mamaknowsbooks.blogspot.com) her book blog. You can find out more about The Survivalists series and Shandy on Surviving Being Me (http://thesurvivalistas.blogspot.com/) her hobby/ personal blog.
