 THE NEXUS
 J. Kraft Mitchell

Copyright 2012 J. Kraft Mitchell
Smashwords Edition

 Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes,
provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents:

Episode 1: The Offer
Episode 2: Second Thoughts
Episode 3: Home
Episode 4: Cobalt Viceroy


To the youth at Calvary—past, present and future.  Always remember you are a part of something much bigger than yourselves. 


THANK YOU:
Becky and Emil, my go-to people for all things sci-fi.
Mom and Dad, for not saying it’s silly of me to want to be a novelist (which it is).
Pastor Tom, for already calling me a writer even when I wasn’t.
The Wednesday night Bible study guys, for the support and the prayers.
Albert and the Diedrichs, for the pointers.
Hannah, my biggest fan and my best critic.


 Episode 1:  The Offer
1

WATCH for the light, the man on the phone had said.
So Jill watched.  She watched from an alley across the street while the rain poured down her face in little snaking streams.  The light would come, she knew.  Any moment it would appear in the window three stories up the old brick building.  When a client on the phone said something would happen, it happened.  People didn’t hire someone like Jill unless they’d already made sure of the details of their plan.
She kept watching.  Rain kept falling.  Drops sparkled for an instant whenever they fell past the amber streetlamps.  No other light shone from anywhere on this block.  Over the rooftops the skyscrapers along the Avenue of Towers glittered in the distance.  But here there was no traffic, no night life, no sound except the far off hum of downtown and the pattering of the rain.  It was just one of the floating city’s outer neighborhoods that had been abandoned.
Then a square of gold appeared with a flicker.  It was a light in the window Jill was watching.
Jill’s heart beat faster.  The errand was starting.  You always got a nameless feeling when an errand started.  It was something like fear, something like excitement, something like pride—but different than all those things.  The feeling was good, Jill told herself.  It gave her the drive and the focus to do her job.  And no one could do better at this sort of job than Jill could.  She pushed stray rain-soaked locks of black hair away from her dark eyes and crossed the empty street.
Don’t enter the building until the light turns on, the man on the phone had said.  Once you’re inside, enter no room but the room with the light.
She walked up the stairs to the front door of the building.  If it had a lock it was broken; it opened easily.  Light from the streetlamps threw amber patterns across the stairs in front of her.  The creaky steps went up and doubled back, went up and doubled back again.
Down the narrow third floor hall she saw a line of light beneath one of the doors.
She went into the room.  It had no furniture except a table.  A single lamp stood over it, and a small cardboard box sat on it.  The box was plain and unmarked like the man on the phone had said it would be.
She grabbed the box and left in a hurry.
 
A man with a long coat and brimmed hat stood in a dark, empty room.  The room was on the ninety-ninth floor of the Trans-Spatial Communications building downtown.  He looked out the window at the countless lights of the city.
Metropolitan Satellite IX.  That was the original name of the city.  Some called it MS9 for short.  But to the million or so people who called it home, the floating city was known as Anterra.
The air was hazy with the rain.  It wasn’t real rain, exactly.  Down on Earth real rain fell from rainclouds that formed naturally in the atmosphere.  Here on Anterra, rainfall was manufactured by the Climate Control Center as often as the citizens voted for it.
He waited.
It was quite a view from the ninety-ninth floor window.  The man saw the other skyscrapers along the Avenue of Towers.  Then there were the high-rise apartment buildings and offices of downtown.  Then the stone-pillared buildings of the financial district along the lakeshore.  Beyond all this spread the patchwork of neighborhoods that surrounded the downtown area and the lake.  From this vantage point the man could see all the way to the rim—the edge of the satellite, outside the city limits.
And beyond the rim, even through the rain and the haze, he could see the Home Planet.
Earth.  At this time of night it was a huge semicircle of shadow, like a massive, dark sun half-risen over Anterra’s horizon.  All that could be seen on its surface were the faint glows from the largest cities in that region of the globe.
Funny how things turned out, the man thought to himself.
The floating city had been designed by the United Space Programs.  Their goal had been simple: to create a better place for humanity, a place free of the crime and corruption of Earth’s societies.
The first eight metropolitan satellites were experimental.  Finally, after years of labor, the United Space Programs built Metropolitan Satellite IX, history’s first human society outside Planet Earth.
More than eighty million people applied for citizenship.   In the end, just over one percent were selected.  They were the best of the best humanity had to offer.  They were educated—plenty of engineers, professors, doctors and lawyers.  They were people of integrity, with not so much as a minor traffic violation on any of their records.  They had passed strenuous psychological examinations to ensure that they had no violent or dishonorable tendencies.  They had undergone careful interviews to confirm that they would be devoted to the good of their new society.
Basically, they were the perfect citizens.  Perfect citizens for a perfect society.
...Or so the United Space Programs had said.
In almost no time at all, corruption tainted the floating city just as it tainted the cities on the Home Planet.  Now, almost a century after its founding, Anterra had a massive, thriving criminal underground.
Funny, the man thought to himself again, how things turned out.
“Director,” a voice crackled in his earpiece, interrupting his thoughts.
He touched a tiny button on the lapel of his coat.  “Go ahead,” he said.  His accent was something like the British back on Earth.
“Sherlock just told me the sensor went off.  The package has been picked up.  She’s on her way.”
“Excellent.”
“You sure you don’t want us to arrest her right away?”
“No.  Keep it simple and wait until she’s at the drop point.  Let’s witness the whole job.  That will mean more leverage for us once she’s in our hands.”
“Whatever you say, sir.  She’ll probably be at the TSC building within the hour.”
“We’ll be ready.”  The man turned away from the window, faced the dark room, and waited.  “As ready as we can be,” he added quietly to himself.
 
JILL never thought of checking inside the box.  She didn’t know what was in there, and she didn’t want to.  She didn’t think of who may have left it, or why.  It could be drugs, guns, stolen jewelry, stolen technology, or who knew what else.  She was just an errander, and erranders weren’t supposed to worry about that stuff.  If she got caught, she could always claim she didn’t know anything illegal was contained in the box.  That was one of the nice things about her job.
Of course there were some bad things about being an errander too—like the fact that it was illegal, for instance.  Another drawback was that erranders didn’t make too much money.  But they didn’t have to worry about too much, either.  You didn’t have to do any of the scheming or plotting or decision making.  The big-time criminals did all that.  All the erranders had to do was whatever the big-timers told them to do.
...And make sure they didn’t get caught.  Jill was particularly good at not getting caught.
The package was secure in the luggage compartment of her skybike.  There were hardly any other skyvehicles out here in the suburbs.  Most skytraffic was downtown.  Anywhere else in the city it was illegal except over major highways.  She had to keep her skybike at ground level until she got to Route 6 heading north toward downtown.  Now she was hovering thirty feet above the highway, as the law prescribed, and going the exact speed limit.  The last thing you wanted to do while you were on a job was draw attention to yourself.
The rain kept falling, glittering in her headlights.  Jill watched the downtown skyline creep closer, and saw the pointed top of the TSC building.  That’s where she was headed.
She had to stop by her apartment first.  She dropped her bike to ground level again as she angled down a side street into a nice neighborhood.  She headed east—which on Anterra meant toward Earth.  Soon she’d left the big houses and manicured lawns behind and crossed into less reputable territory.  The hoodlums were out tonight in spite of the rain, slinking along the littered sidewalks and graffiti-covered cement walls.  She passed a fuel station and turned into a dimly lit parking lot.  She parked in front of a ten-story apartment building that may have been a decent place when it had first been built a few decades ago.  Now it had decayed into the rundown type of place you would expect an errander to live.
She unlocked the front doors and stepped into the faintly lit lobby.  Muffled noises came from a dark corner where a couple sat fondling each other on a sofa.  Jill ignored them and crossed the discolored tile floor toward the elevators.
Fat Frank, the landlord, was getting off the elevators just as she was getting on.  Fat Frank was the skinniest guy Jill had ever seen.
“Well, well.  Good evening, beautiful.”  He greeted her through a creepy smile that was missing a tooth or two.  Fat Frank called all his female tenants “beautiful,” and all his male tenants “buddy,” because he didn’t know their real names.  Most of them were erranders, living and working under aliases.
“Frank,” she said with a nod.
“Back home to relax after another night of hard work, are we?”  He stood between her and the elevator, regarding her with yellowed eyes that wandered a little too much.
“No relaxation tonight, unfortunately.  Still on the job.”
“Well, then,” he said, finally stepping aside, “good luck!  Don’t get caught, beautiful.”  Fat Frank was always reminding his tenants not to get caught.
“Not planning on it, Frank,” said Jill.  The elevator door closed behind her and mercifully cut off any further conversation.
She got off on the ninth floor, and unlocked her small apartment.  One glance at the place reminded her that work, not housekeeping, had occupied all her attention lately.  She stepped through the clutter into the bedroom, and opened the closet.  Her outfit for the rest of the night hung ready—a dark business suit unlike anything else Jill owned.  She’d bought it yesterday, specifically for tonight’s job.  It would be her first time blending in with the uppity business crowd along the Avenue of Towers.
She put on the suit, and put rain gear on over that for riding.  Then she grabbed the briefcase that would complete her disguise.  It looked like the sort of briefcase a typical Anterran businesswoman would carry.  But it wasn’t.  First of all it had a special insulation that would block metal detectors.  Second of all it was carrying a handgun that the metal detectors would pick up otherwise.  It was loaded with stunners, not real bullets.  But no one could tell the difference by looking.
She would probably be the only armed businesswoman on the Avenue tonight.
 
JILL headed north again.  The skyline of downtown was in front of her.  Earth’s massive dark form was to her right.  It was still several hours before the sun would rise over the top of the Home Planet and cast Anterra into daylight.
Soon she was immersed in the lights and noises of downtown.  Traffic never stopped or even slowed down around here.  Near the Avenue of Towers shoppers and diners ambled along beneath umbrellas.  Music thumped from the clubs.  Drunken laughter drifted from the bars.  Neon signs blinked.  Buses roared.  Cabs honked.  City nightlife was in full swing.
She stayed at the first level of skytraffic.  Ground traffic roared thirty feet beneath her.  The second level of skytraffic hummed thirty feet above her.
She took a right turn, and she was soaring along the wide and showy Avenue of Towers.  Here the leisure traffic was mixed with an equal population of business traffic.  Like the rest of downtown the offices along the Avenue were no less busy this time of night than they were at any other time.
Jill dropped her bike to ground level.  She parked in a side lot next to the TSC building and grabbed the briefcase and the box.  She went into a restroom off the TSC entryway, took off her rain gear and stuffed it in a garbage can.  Then she opened the briefcase and took out a small but elaborate bathroom kit.  By the time she’d done her hair and makeup, she couldn’t help smiling slyly at herself in the mirror.  She was eighteen; but with this outfit and makeover she could easily pass for early twenties, and there were plenty of aspiring businesswomen of that age working here in the TSC building.
She left the restroom and passed from the entryway into the huge lobby.  Her shoes clicked importantly on the polished floor.  Other formally dressed men and women ambled about the lobby, hardly giving her a second glance.  She blended right in.
At the end of the lobby was a wide reception desk where visitors were supposed to sign in.  But Jill wasn’t playing the part of a visitor.  She walked confidently toward the elevators, hoping the desk attendants would assume she belonged here.  Apparently they did because they didn’t stop her.
She passed a large decorative fountain with an abstract statue, and reached the elevators.  There were ten of them in a row, each with gleaming metallic doors.
This was the tricky part.
Jill stood off to the side for a moment, waiting for a break in traffic.  Finally she was able to step onto an empty elevator without anyone following her.  She was alone with the uniformed attendant who stood by the buttons.  She set the box down next to her.
“What floor?” the attendant asked as the doors closed.  He seemed cheerful.  His shift must just be starting.  Who could stay cheerful riding up and down elevators all day?
“Ninety-ninth, please.”
“Sure.  Just need to see your identification.”
She knew he’d be asking for that.  Any floor above the fiftieth required identification.
“Right,” she said.
Then she darted a hand to the button that held the elevator doors closed.
The attendant blinked.  “What the...?”
Her briefcase fell open and he was looking down the barrel of her gun.  “Ninety-ninth, please,” she said again.
He nodded slowly, and reached for his key as if he was going to comply.  Then he lunged for the alarm button.
As if she wouldn’t have anticipated this.  A swift kick sent his arm away from the button.  Another to the gut had him doubled over.
“I’m kind of in a hurry,” she said, eyeing him over her gun.
“Do it yourself,” the man moaned.
“Fine.”  She pulled the trigger and loosed a stunner at his neck.  He slumped unconsciously against the reflective elevator wall.  Jill grabbed his key and slid it into the slot for the ninety-ninth floor.  Then she grabbed his limp hand and pressed it against the print-reader for the required confirmation.
The elevator started moving up.
She looked up at the tiny security camera that had caught the whole thing.  She smiled at whoever would be watching the recording later.  By the time they found the unconscious attendant and reviewed the security footage to see what had happened, she would be long gone.


2

THE elevator doors opened.  Jill stepped out into the ninety-ninth floor lounge.  It was empty.  She put a potted plant in the elevator doorway to keep it from closing.  Take the corridor to your right, the man on the phone had said.  At the dead end, take the corridor on the left to Suite 9999-B.
She carried her briefcase with one hand, and the plain, unmarked box under her other arm.  She didn’t pass anyone in the halls.  The lights were dim, as if these offices had closed down for the night.
She found the door that said 9999-B, and reached for the doorknob.
Then she froze.
Something wasn’t right.
When you lived on the streets—when you made a living as an errander—you developed certain instincts.  You got a sixth sense for when things weren’t quite as they should be.  And right now, at Suite 9999-B of the Trans-Spatial Communications building, things were not as they should be.
Jill wasn’t sure what was wrong, exactly.  Maybe the drop point was compromised.  Maybe this whole errand was a setup.  Maybe something else.  It didn’t matter, really.
All the mattered was getting out of there.
She turned and ran, grabbing her gun out of the briefcase as she went.  She heard the door to Suite 9999-B burst open behind her.  Someone was yelling.
She dropped, spun around on the floor.
Two people came after her.  They wore armored suits and helmets with dark mirrored eyes.  Cops.
A setup.
 
THE man in the long coat and brimmed hat stood with his back to the window.
“We’re blown,” a voice crackled in his earpiece.
“She didn’t come?”
“She showed, but now she’s running away.”
Two shots sounded from the hallway outside the empty office.
The man frowned.  “You’re not killing her, are you?”
“We’re not the one’s doing the shooting, sir.”
 
JILL’S stun slugs couldn’t pierce the armored uniforms.  But for all they knew she was sending real bullets at them.  They took cover and raised weapons of their own.  Maybe they were only armed with stun slugs too.  Or maybe not.
Jill didn’t stick around to find out.  She was back on her feet running down the hall.  One hand still gripped her weapon; the other hand took out the electronic key to her skybike—a very special key.
It wasn’t until several steps later that she realized she’d dropped the package.
She ducked into another dark suite, hurried through the reception area into the office in back, and locked the door behind her.  She went to the window, and looked down at the side parking lot ninety-nine stories below.
There was her skybike, a dot near the corner of the lot.
She pushed a button on her electronic key.
There was a thump and a yell at the office door.  Another thump, and the doorknob shook.  They’d be inside in a minute.
She found a short metal file cabinet next to the desk.  It was too heavy to lift.
“Put down the weapon, girl!” a voice came from outside the door.  “We’re coming in, and we don’t want to shoot you.  Just come quietly, why don’t you?”
She yanked files out of the cabinet until she could lift it.  Then she hoisted it on her shoulder and heaved it at the window.  The glass cracked but didn’t break.
She threw the cabinet again.  The glass wouldn’t last long.
Neither would the door.  The frame was about to give way.  Another thump...
On her third throw a spider-web of cracks spread across the window.  She grabbed a floor lamp, using the pole and base to whack the glass out of the frame.
The door burst open.  The two cops dashed inside just in time to see Jill throwing herself out the window.  Then they heard the roar of her skybike, ninety-nine stories above the ground, booking it away from the TSC building.
 
A voice crackled in the man’s earpiece again.  “She, uh...”
“Got away,” he finished.
“Yeah.”
“How?”
“Out the window onto a skybike.”
“Alright, backup, you heard.  Get after her.”  He didn’t sound angry in the least.  “She’s good, eh?”
“Hope plan B works,” one of his men muttered.
The boss shook his head.  “Nothing unexpected has happened yet.  This is still plan A, believe me.”
 
JILL dropped to the legal sixty foot elevation and headed away from the Avenue of Towers.  Seamlessly she slipped into the flow of traffic on Twentieth, heading north through the rain.
Two other skybikes started following her from a block behind.  They had no trouble finding her; she hadn’t had time to put on her helmet.  In her rear-view mirror she saw them weaving closer to her.
Forget trying to seem unsuspicious.  Jill came to an alley, gunned her engine, whipped around into the narrow space between two office buildings.  She killed her lights as she descended suddenly.  Her stomach lurched.
Overhead the lights of her pursuers showed in the alley.  By the time they saw her she’d spun around and darted back out into traffic—this time at the thirty-foot level.  She flicked her lights on again, edged into the passing lane, flew past a stream of skycars.  She sneaked into a side street a few blocks later.
Had she lost them?
No.  There they were.
At least she was getting some separation.  She gunned it again, angled upward.  She raced toward the gap of night sky showing above her between the buildings.
Her bike shot over the edge of the top of a building to one side.  She glided along the rooftop and checked her mirrors again.
They were still tailing her.
She cursed and dipped down behind the building.  The long alley stretched away from downtown and emptied into the street right in front of the cathedral.
She knew what she had to do—didn’t want to, but had to.  She unbuckled her security harness and swooped the bike down near ground level.
Across the street at the far end of the alley the massive round stained-glass window over the cathedral doors grew closer and closer—a giant bull’s-eye, and she was the dart.
There was a dumpster coming up on one side of the alley, overflowing with swelled garbage bags.
She gunned the engine one last time.
And kicked herself off...
She winced as she plummeted into a sea of garbage.
It was a long moment before she swam up through the trash and peeked over the edge of the dumpster.
The two skybikes that had been after her were now parked next to the cathedral, and the drivers were running up the stone steps to the front door.  Above them the round window had exploded inward.  Smoke rose from somewhere inside the building.  People were shouting and talking excitedly in the street.  A siren sounded from somewhere in the distance, getting closer with each second.
Jill pushed herself out of the dumpster, and walked quickly along the alley away from the cathedral.
 
“DIRECTOR?”  The voice that crackled in the man’s earpiece was not happy.
“Let me guess:  She got away again.”
“Well, yeah.”
“It’s all right.  You did what you could, I’m sure.”  He looked at his other two associates, now standing in the office with him.  “Don’t worry,” he told them.  “Still Plan A.”
 
IT was almost dawn when Jill reached the cheap motel.  The Avenue was now far behind her.  She was in a rundown part of town where it wasn’t unusual for suspicious characters to need a room in a hurry any time of day or night.  Around here motels would take cash and not your name—not that Jill’s ID had her real name anyway. 
Still, the sleepy-eyed clerk did stare a little at the young woman in a rain-soaked and garbage-smeared business suit.  She carried a plastic shopping bag with some clothes and toiletries she’d bought at a 24-hour convenience store on the same block.
Her room smelled like stale cigarettes.  She sat on the edge of the bed and looked out the grimy window.  The sun was a bright red jewel, rising over the dark orb of Earth on the horizon.  The artificial sky over Anterra was a nice sunrise orange.  She watched it turn to gold, to gray, to blue.
She couldn’t go home.  The people after her would be able to find where she lived.  She wondered why they hadn’t found her there in the first place...wondered why they wanted her at all, whoever they were.
She’d have to start over—get a new alias, a new false ID to match, a new place, a new contact to get jobs.  It wasn’t the first time.  Erranders had to start over all the time.  That was the way it was in this business.  It didn’t stop her from being one of the best at what she did.
She sighed, took off the filthy suit jacket, and flopped backwards onto the bed.  Thoughts turned into dreams.
 
SHE’D slept maybe an hour before her rude awakening.
Her first conscious thought was, How did they find me?
They were at the door and the window, wearing those same armored suits and visored helmets.  She had no chance, but she fought anyway.  She always fought when she didn’t have a chance...and sometimes she won.
Not this time.  She’d landed one good kick or two 
before they took her down.  Her flailing and screaming didn’t stop until a stunstick was pressed into her neck.
Fat Frank, she thought as she slipped into unconsciousness.  It had to be him.


 3
 
JILL had never met her dad.
She’d asked about him all the time as a kid, obviously.  Who was he?  Where was he?
Her mother always had answers—vague answers that had something to do with Mommy and Daddy not getting along.  Sometimes she sounded angry that Daddy had treated her wrongly.  Sometimes she sounded like she felt sorry for him for some reason, and she’d shake her head and call him, “Poor guy.”  Sometimes she was brief and blunt in her answers, like she didn’t care or just didn’t want to talk about it.
One day when Jill was ten years old, she asked about her dad one last time.  Her mother gave her a cold look and said to stop asking about her father.
So Jill stopped.
At least, she stopped asking out loud.  The question was still there inside, unrelenting.  How could it not be?
Jill had questions about her mom, too.  She’d always known her mother was involved in things...secret things that she wouldn’t talk about.  Jill had tried spying on her, even following her when she left in the middle of the night one time.  But she couldn’t keep up long enough to discover anything.
When Jill turned twelve, her mother finally confided in her.  She told her that she was an errander.  She had been ever since Jill’s father had left.
And she would teach Jill to be an errander too.  She’d teach Jill to be the best errander Anterra had ever seen.
That was how it began.
 
SHE was thirsty.
It was her first sensation as she woke up.  She’d been thirsty for a long time in her dreams.  Now she was consciously, painfully aware of it.
She was lying on something soft but not too soft.  There was a greenish-white light that blinded her when she opened her eyes.  Finally she got used to the light and saw that it came from a panel in the ceiling.
She sat up groggily and looked around.  She was still wearing the same filthy remnants of her disguise from last night’s errand, and she was on a cot in a cement-walled room.
A cell of some sort.
Something about the room wasn’t quite right.
Besides the cot there was nothing here but a toilet and a sink.  She went to the sink and took several gulps of cold water straight from the tap.  It tasted a little rusty.
Now she saw what wasn’t right about the cell.  There was no door.
Then, with a deep grating sound, one of the walls started sliding slowly open.  A cop came into the cell.
“Good, you’re awake,” he said.  His masked helmet distorted his voice, making it unnaturally deep and mechanical sounding.  “This way.”
Another cop was waiting in the dark cement-walled hall.  There must be other cells behind the slabs in the wall.  They cuffed her hands behind her back, and she walked between them while they held their guns on her.
They came to the end of the hall.  One of her escorts key-carded the door open, and they were in a cramped switchback stairwell with daylight coming through small windows at each landing.  While they led her downstairs Jill glanced through the windows.  She saw a view of the Avenue of Towers across the lake.
And she suddenly knew where she was: the Anterran Governmental Complex building—GoCom, as most called it.  Up to now she’d only seen the massive island building from the lakeshore.  This was her first inside view.
Not that she was especially glad to be here.
They got to the ground floor, keyed through another door, and proceeded down a narrow hall.  They passed no one.  Finally they emerged into a small room with red carpet and wood-paneled walls.  Old fashioned lamps stood on the floor and hung from the ceiling.  
They led her to an elevator at one end of the room.  The console inside had buttons for floors one through twelve.
Her escorts ignored the console.  One of them slid aside a panel in the elevator wall.  There was a numbered keypad behind it.  He typed a twenty-digit code from memory.
When he’d finished the elevator started moving.  Jill knew they had been on the ground floor, but the elevator was definitely moving down.
And down.
And down...
 
THE doors finally opened.
Between her escorts Jill stepped out into a wide lobby.  The furniture was modern, black edged with silver.  The walls were polished black, accented with panoramic shots of nighttime city skylines.  Jill recognized some of the cities from pictures she’d seen of the home planet—Hong Kong, New York, Tokyo, London.  The carpet in the lobby was deep indigo blue.  In the very center of the room the carpet was emblazoned with a large, official-looking shield insignia with THE NEXUS written across it.
There were several exits from the lobby.  The escorts led her up a short stairway to one side.
At the top they entered an office of similar décor.  At the back was a massive black desk.  Next to the desk hung a long gray coat and brimmed hat.  Behind the desk sat the owner of the coat and hat.
He stood and regarded Jill wordlessly for a time.  She couldn’t read his expression—which irritated her, since she considered herself good at reading expressions.  He had short silver hair and gray eyes.  They were nice eyes, Jill thought.  Eyes that could make you feel at ease and filled with curiosity at the same time.
She didn’t look into those eyes.  She couldn’t let her guard down.
“Well, well...Jillian Branch,” he said.  He had an accent something like the British from Earth.
Jill recognized his voice from the phone call.  Watch for the light, he had told her.
He nodded at her escorts, and they left her alone with the man with gray eyes.
“It really is a pleasure to meet you,” he said when they’d gone.  “Perhaps you don’t believe me when I say it.  And even if you do, I doubt you share my pleasure.  After all you didn’t choose to meet—would not have chosen to be here at all, which is why I had to bring you here rather by force, I’m afraid.  I hope that in the end you will find it has been worth your time.”
Jill said nothing.
The man with gray eyes came out from behind his desk and paced slowly while he kept talking.  “You have no idea how difficult it has been to find you.  Then again, maybe you do.  You’re a very elusive person, Jillian.  This is one of the first things that drew us to you.  There are plenty of erranders out there, of course.  But we were looking for someone with a particular combination of characteristics.”
It was weird being talked about this way, like he saw much more than she could know through those gray eyes; like her whole life had been a film he’d watched carefully.  She found him impressive, even a little scary.  And she wasn’t impressed or scared easily.
“Yes, we’ve had our eyes on you for some time,” he went on.  “It’s not idle flattery when I tell you we were very happy to have found you.  It just so happens that you met our list of requirements to the letter.”
It sounded like he wanted to hire her.  Was the government in the business of hiring erranders now?  Or was this guy running some sort of rogue operation?  “If you have a job for me,” she spoke for the first time, “you don’t have to butter me up first.  Just tell me what you want.”
“Ah, what I want.”  He stopped pacing.  The gray eyes were looking right into hers.  She couldn’t look away this time for some reason.  “The very question you should be asking yourself.”
Where was he going with this?
“What is it you want, Jillian Branch?” he asked her slowly, deliberately.  His eyes weren’t budging from hers.
What did he mean what did she want?  Maybe this was his way of beginning negotiations for her payment.  “If you’re wondering my asking price—” she began.
The man with gray eyes smirked.  “In the first place, you are in no position to, as you put it, ask a price for your services.  As you did not willingly come to us, you will not be able to leave us until we decide—if we decide—to release you.  And in the second place, don’t pretend that money is what you really want.”
“No?”
“Of course not.  You could easily have already found another job—a quite legal job, I might add—and be making twice the money an errander makes.”
Well...that was probably true.  “So what is it you think I want?”
“The first answer that occurs to you will not be the correct one.  You have hardened yourself, Jillian; buried yourself inside a thick, protective shell.  You’ve learned to hide your feelings and your desires from even yourself.  And I’m asking about a desire far beyond those on the surface.  The animal drives for food, for water, for companionship...those answers do not interest me at the moment.  You are going to have to look far deeper to answer my question.”
Was he some kind of philosopher?  Some religious fanatic who was trying to convert her to a cult?  “What does kidnapping me have to do with any of this?”
“Arresting you,” he corrected her.  “And it has everything to do with it.”
“You have a job for me?”
“Indeed we do.”
“Tell me about it.”
He still had that unreadable expression.  “For now, there are only two things you need to know,” he said.  “Number one:  Should you accept the job, your criminal record will be wiped clean.”
She raised an eyebrow.
“Number two:  Until you accept the job, you will be told nothing more about it.”
She scoffed.  “That’s ridiculous.”
He scoffed back.  “More ridiculous than being a pawn for criminals who couldn’t care less whether you live or die once they’ve done with you?”
She looked at him sideways.  “You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“I could not be more so.”
“I don’t take a job unless I know the details.”
“That’s absolute drivel, of course.  You try to know as little as possible about the jobs you take.”
“I still know more than nothing.”
“You do know more than nothing.  You know that your only other option is jail.”
She swallowed.  “So this job is going to give me this...this thing that I don’t have but I really want but I don’t know that I want it?”
“It is.”
“But it isn’t money?”
“No.  But don’t misunderstand me, you will be paid.  Handsomely.  Handsomely enough to make a generous charitable donation to the cathedral for the reparations they will now be requiring.”  He was smiling, but his gray eyes seemed colder.
She looked around.  “We are at GoCom, right?  You are with the government, right?  Wouldn’t you get in at least a little bit of trouble for hiring an errander?”
“If you accept my offer, you will no longer be an errander.  Not ever.”
Now there was some food for thought.  Then again, what kind of job did the government make you do when they caught you?  “I’m guessing it’s something dangerous if it pays so well,” she said with a frown.  In her line of work it was the riskiest jobs that paid the best.
“At times it certainly is.  But I’m assuming danger is not particularly distasteful to someone who leaps out of skyscraper windows and throws herself off of speeding projectiles in dark alleys.”  He smirked again.  Jill was noticing this guy smirked a lot.  “Even at your young age, Jillian, you have learned that a life well lived involves certain risks.”
“Risks like taking a job I know nothing about.”
He nodded.  “If you decide it’s worth it,” he said.  “I ask you again, Jillian:  What is it you truly want?”
She shrugged.  “I give up.”
“Ah, but you’re not giving up!  You’re thinking about it right now, even as we speak.”
She was.  But she wasn’t coming up with an answer.  “It may take a while.”
“Take all the time you need.  There won’t be much else to do back in your cell.”
“You sure you don’t want to give me a hint?”
“I’ve practically given away the answer already, but I’ll sum it up for you:  If you did something with your life that you would do no matter what, even if it meant giving up all the money and all the comfort and all the convenience in the world, what would you have?”
“A mental illness?”
He was a little amused.  A little.  “Perhaps.”  He pushed a button on his desk.  “Then again, what sort of mental shape are you in if you plan on being an errander for the rest of your life?”
He had her there.
The two masked cops were back on either side of her.
“By the way,” the man with gray eyes said as she was escorted out of the room, “I don’t suppose you plan on being in a ten-by-twelve cement walled room the rest of your life either.  Perhaps that will make my offer seem a bit more attractive.  Think it over.  Gentlemen, please make sure the young lady is properly dressed for the occasion.”
 
A few minutes later she was alone in the cell again.  This time she was wearing the style-less gray clothes prescribed to all prisoners.
She wanted to think things over, like the man with gray eyes had said.  She wanted to consider his offer as thoroughly and rationally as possible.  But she didn’t.
She couldn’t.
When you’ve been an errander for a while your instincts kick in too hard to stop and think rationally sometimes.  And the only thing her instincts were telling her right now was:  Find a way out.  An opportunity would come.  One always did.
Any possibility of accepting the man’s offer was buried.
For now.


 4
 
COREY Stone stepped into the Retro, a seedy café in a less-than-reputable area along the south rim.  The evening crowd was already gathering, especially around the bar.  There was a haze of cigarette smoke dimming everything but the neon beer signs.  This was the second time Corey had met someone here on business.
But this time it was for a totally different purpose.
He didn’t like coming to the same place, but the guy he was meeting—Mr. Love, he had called himself—had picked the location.  Corey hadn’t argued.  He’d just asked for a description.  “You’ll know me when you see me,” was all Mr. Love had said.
Corey started looking around the place.  Maybe he would know Mr. Love if he saw him, but you couldn’t see much of anyone through the smoke.  Even the obnoxious juke box, like the old fashioned ones they used to have back on the Home Planet, seemed to impair his vision.
Wait, that had to be him.  It was a big guy sitting by himself in a corner booth.  Mr. Love had fairly dark skin—must have had some African or African-American heritage, like Corey’s.  He had no hair.  What he did have was tattoos.  Lots of tattoos.  All Mr. Love’s tattoos involved hearts, including a prominent one on his bared right shoulder with the traditional arrow and “Mom” insignia.
Corey stepped over to the booth.  “You’re...?”
“You must be Fredericks,” said the man.  His smile pushed its way up half his face.
“That’s me.”  Fredericks was an alias Corey had used as an errander.  Corey wasn’t an errander anymore, but Mr. Love thought he was.
“Pleasure.”  Mr. Love offered a meaty hand.  There were hearts tattooed on each knuckle.
Corey sat down across from him.  “So, you...you know, you can hook me up?”
Mr. Love laughed a wheezy laugh and threw back a swig from his immense mug of beer.  “Embarrassed!  They’re always embarrassed when they come to me, ain’t they?”  He had another laugh and another swig.
“A little,” Corey admitted.
“Don’t be, kid.”  He leaned close.  “Sure, the little business I run is technically illegal.  But you and I both know it shouldn’t be.”
Mr. Love’s “business” was selling movies—bootlegged movies from Earth.  They had to be bootlegged because they’d been banned by the Commission for the Monitoring of Visual and Literary Arts, one of Anterra’s most despised government groups.  The list of banned films was about as long as the dictionary, and growing all the time.  The CMVLA had the legal right to ban “any film containing messages or agendas threatening to the societal structure of Anterra,” which could mean just about anything.
“Sad times we live in,” Mr. Love said, putting on his best distraught face, “when guys like me gotta stay underground.  This town was supposed to be so great.  Next thing you know the whole place is overrun with thugs shootin’ each other, robbin’ people blind, and the cops don’t say boo.  But here’s me, gotta keep everything on the down low for doin’ somethin’ that don’t cause nobody no harm.”
“So why do you do it?”
Mr. Love responded with a very well-rehearsed speech about artistic freedom, the right of self-expression, blah blah blah.  He sounded like one of the people that were always protesting out in front of the CMVLA offices.  Mr. Love didn’t strike Corey as a guy who thought much about artistic expression; he struck him more as a guy who just wanted to make some dough.  But Corey wasn’t saying so. 
Mr. Love drained his beer and rudely beckoned a waitress for another before he continued his tirade.  “Anterra’s a weird place, you know, kid?  I mean, it’s not like we’re known for being the most morally upstanding city.  Drugs that’s illegal in most Earthside nations is perfectly legal up here.  And we’re selling alcohol to teenagers now.  So what’s with me havin’ to keep out o’ sight sellin’ a few Hollywood classics?”
Corey didn’t answer.  “So did you bring the goods, or what?”
“Not here,” said Mr. Love.  “Not now.”  He slid a business card across the table to Corey.  It said, “Mr. Love’s House of Rare Videos.  Open every night 12 a.m. to 4 a.m.”
There was no phone number; just an address.
Corey took the card.  “I used to have a guy in the West Rim that I went to.  He got caught.  The next guy I found got caught before we could even do any business.  How do I know you won’t get caught too?”
Mr. Love raised an eyebrow.  “You’ll just have to trust me, right?”  He drained his second beer and stood to leave.  “We’re done here, Fredericks.  Got three other potential clients to see before I open up shop tonight.  Come by if you wanna.”
“I’ll be there,” said Corey.
He smiled to himself after Mr. Love had walked away.
 
A few minutes later Corey was driving a sleek black groundcar along the eastern shore of Lake Anterra.  The massive power plant dominated the scenery here.  The rest of the district was lined with blocky warehouses.  The night was calm.  The mirror-smooth water reflected the towers of downtown on the other side of the lake to his left.  To his right, the glow of Earth shone in the sky between the buildings.  It had been two hours since the sun set below Anterra’s western edge.  But it still shone on most of the Home Planet visible from MS9.
Corey turned down a side street, then into an alcove behind an abandoned warehouse.  Over a high garage door the words PETE’S FISH CANNERY were fading on the concrete wall.  A button on the car’s console opened the garage.  He drove into the warehouse.
It was a vast room, empty except for piles of ancient forgotten crates and pallets.  A few faintly glowing lights hung from long wires in the ceiling, automatically switched on via motion sensors.
Corey drove to the corner behind a stack of crates and parked on a particular square of stained cement floor.  He punched a code on a keypad on his car’s dashboard.
The square started lowering.
When he’d dropped twenty feet or so, a black opening gaped in front of the car.  He hit the accelerator and roared into the tunnel beneath Lake Anterra.
 
WHEN he stepped into HQ a few minutes later, he smiled.  Corey always smiled whenever he got back to HQ.  This past year was the first in his eighteen years of life that he’d had much to smile about, and this place was the reason.  He looked down the stairs at the rows of cubicles, the bluish glow of computer consoles, the bustle of his superiors and coworkers.
Instead of going downstairs he circled the cement balcony overlooking the vast room.  He kept his eyes open for the director, but Giles Holiday was nowhere to be seen.
“Corey!  Hey, Cor!”  A girl with short, wild hair and more piercings than ten average people was running up the nearest stairway to where he stood on the balcony.
“What’s up, Dizzie?”
She frowned.  That was bad news.  Dizzie didn’t frown much.  It took a lot to even slow her smile down to a relative smirk.  “Did you see the mission roster for tonight?”
Corey shook his head.  “Don’t tell me—”
She told him.  “Park is going with you.”
Great.  Bradley Park—exactly who he didn’t want her to say but figured she would.  “Okay,” he said levelly.
Dizzie’s frown lengthened.  “Learn to show your emotions, Cor.  You bottle them up like that, one day they’ll bust out of you like Mount Vesuvius or something.”
“What am I supposed to do, throw a hissy fit right here in HQ?”
“No.”  She wrinkled her nose.  “You could at least, you know, sigh exasperatedly or something.”
He sighed exasperatedly.  “How was that?”
“Weak, but you’ll get there.  I don’t see why you’re not more upset.”
“Your goal was to upset me?”
“No, I just...Well, don’t you hate that guy?”
“Bradley?  We don’t get along very well.”
“Ah.  Don’t get along very well.  I see.”
“Look, if there was no one else available, there was no one else available.”
Dizzie cleared her throat.  “Um, I don’t think it’s because there was no one else available.”
Corey grimaced.  “So the director is testing how well we’ll work together, is he?”
“Guess so.”
This time Corey’s exasperated sigh was sincere.  “But this is an important mission!”  Then again, the director always seemed interested in much more than just the mission.
“I know.  Talk to him about it if you want.  He’s up in his office.  You got the location, right?”
Corey patted his pocket where he’d tucked Mr. Love’s business card.  “Got it.”  He didn’t need to look at it again.  He had the address memorized.  But the card itself would be an important piece of evidence.  “See you, Diz.  You’re running com tonight?”
“Yep.”  She rolled her eyes.  “I get to spend all night listening to you and Park bickering at each other.”
She went back down to her cubicle, and Corey kept circling the balcony toward the director’s office.  It had a wall of windows overlooking HQ, but they were shuttered at the moment.  Corey knocked and got invited inside the rear door of the office.  Director Holiday was at his desk.  His computer was on, and papers were strewn in front of him.  But he looked as if he hadn’t been paying attention to anything but his thoughts.
“Ah, Corey.  How did you get on?”
“Got the address.”
“Right.  Afraid I have some bad news.  At least, you’ll think it’s bad.”
“Dizzie already told me.  Bradley is going with me tonight.”
“And I’ll be keeping a very close eye on you both.”
“Good.  Then you’ll see how obnoxious he is.”
“He?  What about you?”
Corey blinked.  “Sir, I follow your orders to the letter.  I always have.”
“And you’ve always tried to make sure others do the same.”
Corey’s expression tightened.  “Is that a bad thing?  We have orders for a reason.  If we’re not interested in following them, our department may as well not exist.”
The director softened.  “I admire your loyalty, Corey.  We’re very dependent on your devotion to doing your job and doing it well.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“You’ve learned the importance of following orders.  But in time you’ll have to realize something else as well.”
“Sir?”
The director’s steel-gray eyes took Corey in an intense stare as he answered:  “People are more important than orders.  Now, I know Bradley Park can be a bit cavalier—”
“Cavalier?  Last time he was on a mission he changed the entire plan on the fly.”
“And it worked.”
Corey shuffled his feet.  “Well, yeah...”
“We’re a team, Corey.  Different parts of the team have different strengths.  Your strength is your loyalty.  Bradley’s strength is innovation.”
“You call direct disobedience ‘innovation’?”
“Calm yourself, Corey.  Bradley was disciplined for his actions as you well know.  His one-month suspension from participating in any mission is over as of tonight.”
Corey sighed.  “Figures his first mission back would be with me.”
“It’s no accident, as I’m sure you’re aware.  He will be a permanent part of the new team I’m assembling around you.  You see, there’s another strength of yours that we’d like to cultivate: your leadership ability.”
Corey tried to shrug modestly.  He wasn’t much at taking criticism, but he may have been even worse at taking credit.
“People follow you, Corey,” the director went on.  “Even when you don’t try to lead them, they follow you.  It’s in your blood to help others become the best they can be—even others who seem like they’ll never reach their potential.  I realize Bradley Park is something of a loose cannon at times.  That’s why I want him with you.  You can help curb those impetuous notions of his.”
“I’ll try to, sir.”
“But,” Director Holiday added, “we can’t have you overreacting.  I want you channeling his energies, not suppressing them.  Understood?”
Corey tried to push away his reluctance.  “Yes, sir.  If this is the assignment you’ve chosen for me, I accept it.”
“Try to remember Bradley is a person, not an assignment.  Besides, you’re going to have to get used to this sort of thing, you know.”
“What do you mean?”
“We’re looking for more recruits like Bradley.  Our department has shown itself to be a little soft.  Effective, but soft.  We need more—how shall I put it?—more of a free spirit on this team.  More daring.  More...recklessness, if I may say so.  It’s a risky element to bring to the department, I’ll admit.  Risky, but necessary.  We’re working on it right now.”
“You found Jill Branch,” Corey concluded.
“We did.”
“And...?”
“She’s thinking things over.”
“I see.  I hope she’ll make the right choice, sir.”
“Yes,” said Holiday, eyes drifting thoughtfully into the distance.  “I hope so too.”
 
WHEN he left the director’s office, Corey’s plan was to visit Bradley Park’s room.  It couldn’t hurt to talk things over before the mission and try to get on the same page.  He went down the stairs from the front of Holiday’s office to the elevator lobby, and crossed the blue carpet.
He paused in front of the hallway to the dorms.
So they were looking for more of a free spirit, were they?  They liked Bradley’s innovation, did they?
Corey headed for the elevator instead.
 
“I don’t know about this, Corey.”
He was in Janice Moeller’s office on the eighth floor of GoCom.  Her window faced east across the lake.  In the distance Earth was darkening as night wore on.
“What is your reason for refusal?” Corey asked Janice levelly.
“It doesn’t seem like a good idea.”  Janice handled any interaction between Holiday’s department and the rest of GoCom.  Mostly she tried to help Holiday’s department go about its business undetected.
“You know the protocol, Janice.  Field agents have the right to see prisoners without the director’s consent.”
“That’s for emergencies.”
“The word ‘emergency’ isn’t mentioned in the policy.”
“But it’s implied.”
“Maybe.  How do you know this isn’t an emergency?”
“You didn’t say it was.”
“I don’t have to say.  Your job is to set up the visitation for me, not ask me why.”
“My job,” Janice said purposefully, “is to make sure you can do what you need to do without anyone else knowing your department exists.”
“Which is why I need you to clear me to visit the prisoner, so no one asks any questions.”
Janice frowned.  “Okay,” she said, tapping at her keyboard.  “Which interrogation room?”
“It’s not an interrogation.  I just want to visit her cell.”
“Fine.  They’ll be expecting you.  But I’d still rather Director Holiday knew about this.”
“He’ll know soon enough,” Corey said on his way out of her office.
When he was out of sight, he let out a tightly held breath.  He wasn’t used to doing things this way, but it had felt good.
Or so he told himself.


 5
 
THIS time when her cell wall slid open there was no uniformed cop.  There was a young black man, Jill’s age or so.  He nodded in greeting.
She looked away.
“Hello, Jill.”
“What do you want?”
“Just to talk.  Really, that’s it.”
“Like your boss?  I figured he’d be sending someone down.”
“He doesn’t know I’m here.”
Now she looked at him.  In her line of work she’d learned to tell when people were lying, and this guy wasn’t lying.  “A little rogue operation, huh?”
“If you want to call it that.”
“What exactly do you want to talk about without your boss knowing?”
He pushed a button on a remote and the cell door closed.  He sat at the other end of her cot and faced her.  “I want to talk you into accepting his offer.”
Jill tried not to smile.  This was it, the chance she’d been waiting for.
But she’d have to play it just right.
She looked him in the eye, making sure she came across as mildly interested but not too eager.  “Okay.”
“I don’t think you understand just what’s being offered to you.”
“You’re right, I don’t.  No one seems to want to tell me about it.”
“It’s classified.”
She gave him a sideways look.  “Dangerous?” she asked.
He smiled.  He was trying not to, but he couldn’t help it.  “Sometimes.”
Now she had him going.  “So...how do you plan on talking me into joining up if you can’t tell me what I’ll be doing?”
“By telling you that it changed my life.  I was an errander myself for a while.  I was going nowhere.  Now I’m doing something with myself.  Something worth doing.”
If you did something with your life that you would do no matter what, even if it meant giving up all the money and all the comfort and all the convenience in the world...?
Jill pushed the thought aside.  Find a way out of here, her instincts yelled at her.  She had to focus.  “Just because it worked that way for you—”
“Not just for me.  Other people too.  There are a lot of people like us in this city, Jill.  This is the best chance we’ve got.”
She let her gaze drop to the cell floor.  She paused like she was thinking it over.  “Maybe you’re right.  The way you put it...well, it sounds a little better than when you’re boss talked about it.”
“He rubs some people the wrong way.  That’s all.”
“To be totally honest, I was actually almost convinced even before you came.  But I’m still not ready to take the plunge, you know?  Joining secret agencies who can’t tell you about what they’re up too...”
“Sure, I understand.”  He stood from the cot.  “Well, I’ll get out of your hair for now.  See you tomorrow.”
“You’re coming back here?”
“To do some more convincing.  And the next day and the next day and the next day—as long as it takes to get you to come around.”
She smiled shyly and looked away.  “Okay.  Tomorrow, then.”
“Tomorrow.”  The wall grinded to a close behind him.
This was going like clockwork.
 
MR. Love’s place of business was actually his residence—three cramped rooms in the back of a battered building nestled among a lot of other battered buildings a mile from downtown.  His place gave a new definition to the term “cluttered.”  True, he was a bachelor.  But most bachelors usually washed their dishes once in a blue moon.  Mr. Love’s method was to buy new dishes, and leave the old ones moldering in stacks in and around the sink.  Apparently he had a similar method when it came to laundry.
But his current client didn’t mind the mess, or at least didn’t say so.  His current client had other things on his mind.  He was fidgety man, and skinny, especially compared to Mr. Love.  He was a collector.  Most of Mr. Love’s clients were.  Mr. Love told him he had the addition to his collection he’d been looking for.  Now it was in a plastic shopping bag in the fidgety man’s hand.  In his other hand was a wad of cash, which was in Mr. Love’s hand a second later.  Mr. Love counted it twice and said goodbye.
The fidgety man went out the door, down the rusty metal stairs to the alley, and into his car.  He drove away in a hurry.  His driving was a little fidgety too.
Mr. Love plopped onto the couch.  There was just enough room for him between piles of old magazines.  He put his feet up on a stack of pizza boxes and turned the volume back up on his TV.  He was missing bits and pieces of his favorite show tonight.  No big deal, though.  Business was booming.  He’d had three clients in the last twenty minutes, and he was expecting at least one more.  Soon he’d have enough saved up to get out of this dump, and move into a much bigger, more expensive dump.
Another knock came at the door.  He turned down the volume again and got up to answer.
There was another knock while he was on his way.
“Be patient, will ya?  I’m—!”
The moment he unlocked the door it burst in on him.  Two figures in black leapt into his apartment.  They had guns.  They had black masks with reflective eyes.  
Cops?
One had a silver skull enameled on the front of his mask.  The other had the red and blue taegeuk and four trigrams of the Korean flag.
“On the ground!  Now!”
The voice wasn’t human.  It was electronic and distorted.  Mr. Love stood paralyzed.
They raised their guns.  “You heard!  Get down!”
Mr. Love got down.  His plan was to kneel, but he ended up doing more of a tripping-and-falling maneuver.  He was panting like he’d just run up a long staircase.
“Where are they?” the skull mask demanded.
“Wh-what?” Mr. Love stuttered.
“You know what.  Now where are they?”
Mr. Love’s lips flapped soundlessly, and he waved a shaking hand toward the bedroom.
The one with the skull mask kept a gun on Mr. Love.  The other one investigated the bedroom.  He came back with a small, thin black box.  “Must be these.  He’s got dozens of them on a shelf in there.”
“Hang onto that one,” said the skull mask.  “We’ll show the boss, come back for the rest later.  And you—get up!”
Mr. Love got up.  Slowly.  There was still a gun in his face.
Behind the skull mask, Corey Stone said into his microphone:  “We got him, Diz.  We’re coming in.”
“You guys are good,” Dizzie’s voice came through his earpiece.
Corey reached back behind his helmet.
“Whoa, what are you doing?” Bradley Park demanded from behind the other mask.
“I want him to know who caught him.”
“No, Corey!”
The skull mask came off.  The voice sounded natural now.  “Remember me?”
Mr. Love’s eyes narrowed with angry recognition.  “You set me up, eh, Fredericks?  Or whatever your name is.”  He spat.  “What’s this town coming to?  Can’t even trust an errander these days.  What you gonna do, sell all my videos?”
“Actually we’re going to arrest you.”
Mr. Love’s frown deepened.  “You a cop now?”
“Something like that.”
Mr. Love put his hands on his hips.  “What are the charges?”
“Acquiring of illegal materials.  Subsequent vending of said materials.  For starters.”
“Prove it!”
“We intend to.  Meanwhile come with us.  I think you’re going to like your new living arrangements.”
Bradley looked around the apartment through his mask’s reflective eyes.  “Yeah; I think I’d rather go to jail than live here.”
It was tough getting Mr. Love down the metal stairs to the alley; even tougher getting his bulk into the back seat of the car.  But they managed.
 
“A video tape,” said Director Holiday, holding up the little black box for inspection.  “Or a videocassette, to be more exact.”
They were at a table in a small room just off the HQ balcony.
Bradley gave the director a puzzled look.  “What does it...do?”
Corey had to chuckle.  Bradley was typically so arrogant—always bragging about his pure Korean pedigree and acting like he knew more than everyone else.  It was nice to see the kid totally confused.  “You’ve seen old film reels?  It’s like those, but a lot smaller.”
“Back near the end of the twentieth century, this was just about the only way average people could personally store and display video,” said Holiday.  “The magnetic tape inside winds around these two spindles, see?  As it rolls from one side to the other the tape sends a video and audio signal to a television.  We’ll need a VCR—a videocassette recorder.  It’s the device that gets the information off the tape and sends it to the television.  Hello, Dino!”
A funny little man in jeans and a T-shirt appeared in the doorway at the back of the room.  Lights and consoles of countless old gadgets blinked in the room behind him.  “What’s up, Mr. H?”
Holiday held up the little black box.
Dino whistled.  “Videocassette!  I’ve heard of them; read all about them.  Never seen one, though.”  He held out his hand.  “Can I...?”  He took the video tape from Holiday and looked at it.  He looked like an art collector holding a Rembrandt.  “What’s on it?”
“We’re reasonably certain it contains material banned by the CMVLA,” said Holiday.  “Someone’s been renting and selling them, I’m afraid.  I assume you have a VCR in there?”
Dino laughed.  “Not at the moment, boss.  Had one up until a few months ago.  All it did was collect dust.  Sent it back to Earth, some museum called the Smith Sons, or something.  Got quite a few credits for it.”
Holiday gave Dino a cold, gray stare.
“Hey,” said Dino, waving the tape, “these things were only widely used for like thirty, forty years, tops.  Quick fad, before the digital age set in.  Can’t believe you got hold of one.  This would be worth quite a few credits too.”
“Don’t even think about it.”
“Don’t worry, Mr. H, I’m not going to sell it.  I’m just saying they’re rare, that’s all.  VCRs, even rarer.  I got quite a few credits for mine.  Did I tell you?”
“You did,” muttered Bradley.
“So can we borrow it back from the Smith Sons?” asked Corey.
Dino shook his head.  “Too much time and paperwork.  Besides, we don’t need to.  If your man is selling and renting these things, his clients have to have ways to play them.”
“Love probably has a VCR himself,” said Holiday.  “When you retrieve the rest of the videocassettes, look for one at his place.”
“Should be about this big,” said Dino holding his hands about eighteen inches apart.  “It’ll be black or gray, with a console in front.  There’ll be an opening just right for cassettes like these to slide inside.”
After Corey left, Bradley stayed behind with Holiday.  “Sir, can I have a word?”
“I was going to ask you the same thing,” said the director.  “How did things go tonight?”
“Fine, I guess.”
“So I won’t be hearing about the various creative ways you violated protocol?”
“No, sir.  I’m not the one who violated protocol this time.”
Holiday just grunted faintly and waited for Bradley to go on.
“I know I’m the last one that should be blowing the whistle on anyone else, sir.”
“True.  Now that we got that out of the way, continue.”
“Just as we were about to arrest Mr. Love, Corey...”
“Yes?”
“He took his mask off.”
“Did he, now?”  Holiday seemed neither shocked nor angry.  He didn’t seem happy either.
“I know it’s not a big deal.”
“In fact, it’s a very big deal.  Revealing the identity of anyone in our department while on the job could compromise our entire endeavor.”
“I guess Corey figured we had Love, and he wouldn’t be getting away, so it would be okay.  He said he wanted Love to remember who caught him.”
“You can never tell for certain whether or not a suspect will get away.  Suppose Mr. Love doesn’t get convicted, for instance?  Even if he does, suppose he has ways of communicating while he’s serving his sentence?  I don’t have to tell you that bootlegged films are hardly all that’s at stake in this instance, Bradley.  Mr. Love has some very dangerous contacts—contacts we intend to track down.  That’s the whole point of the mission.  Corey could have a rather large target on his back.”
Bradley shifted his feet.  “Look, sir, I feel bad saying anything about this.  I’m the one who’s been on suspension the last month.  I just thought you should know.”
“And now I do.”  Holiday put his hands behind his back and stepped to the doorway.  He saw Corey rounding the balcony toward the door to the elevator lobby and the dorms.
“Sir?” said Bradley, stepping next to him.  “Don’t be too hard on him.  He’s a good point man.”
“He is indeed.  And it’s good to hear you say so at last.”


6
 
COREY was as good as his word.  He visited Jill again the next day, and the next.  To be as convincing as possible, she waited until the third day to give in.
“I’ve thought about it a lot.  Actually, there was never much thinking to do.  I get that now.  This is my best chance to make something of myself, and I’m going to take it.”
Corey nodded.  “It was just a matter of time.  Will I sound cliché if I say you won’t regret it?”
“A little.  I just hope you’re right.”  She still had to sound a little hesitant.
“Believe me, I am.”  He stood.  “I’ll go through the formalities to have you released.  I should be able to escort you up to Director Holiday later today.”
“So that’s his name.”
Corey winced.  Then he just shrugged.  “You’re about to be introduced to him, so you’d be finding out his name soon anyway.”
 
AGAIN, Corey was as good as his word.  Janice Moeller processed Jill’s release.  Corey came down for her that afternoon.
“You sure you’re ready for this?”
She bit her lip.  “I think so.”
“Let’s do it.”  He reached beneath his jacket.
“Wait...you’re escorting me up at gunpoint?”
“It’s protocol.  You’re still technically a prisoner, remember?”
“Right.  I guess I can’t complain.”
“Just be glad I’m not making you wear the cuffs.”
Time had been almost irrelevant in her cell.  She could only count the hours according to when her meals had arrived.  When she looked out the stairwell windows she could see the sun high in the sky over the avenue of towers.
She tried to get Corey to talk while they walked.  He wouldn’t say anything about Holiday or what their department did.
“Sorry.  I know you can’t talk about this stuff, so I shouldn’t be asking you.  I’m just curious, you know?”
“Yeah.  Don’t worry, you’ll be hearing all about it soon.”
“Just tell me this:  Do you like what you do?”
He didn’t hesitate.  “I love what I do.”
They came to the elevator.  They still hadn’t seen another living soul.  Corey removed the same panel, punched in the same code.  The elevator dropped.
“So who knows what you guys do?” Jill asked while they rode down.
Corey shook his head.  “Not too many people.”  He still had his gun out but he held it harmlessly at his side.
“Other GoCom personnel?”
“Not even too many of them.”
“The police?”
“No.”
“The mayor?”
“I doubt it.”
She was genuinely impressed.
The elevator stopped descending.  “It must be important, whatever it is,” said Jill, “since you guys have such a cool secret base.”
The doors opened.  “It is important,” said Corey.  “Welcome to the department—the first of its kind.”
When he turned around the elevator was closing.
And Jill was still on it.
He pushed the button a hundred times, but the elevator was already on its way up.  By the time it came back down for him, she’d be long gone.
 
“I need your help, Diz.  Like right now.”
Dizzie turned around.  Her myriad piercings glittered in the light of the many computer screens spread out around her HQ cubicle.  “You look terrible.  What’s wrong?”
“Just help me, all right?  You’re not running com for any missions right now?”
“Not at the moment, but—”
“Can you pull up the GoCom security cams?”
“Well, sure.  I have the clearance.  But we’re only supposed to do that—”
“In emergencies.  This is one.  Believe me.”
Dizzie swallowed.  “Okay.”  She rolled her chair across the cubicle to her central console.  Expert fingers fluttered across the keyboard.  “We’re in.”
The screen directly in front of her flickered to a very, very long list.
“How many cameras does this place have?” Corey fumed.
“A lot.  It’s a big building.  And it’s the government, Cor, what do you expect?  So what do you need?”
“I need the cams in the elevator lobby—the one our elevator goes up to.”
Dizzie pulled up an electronic blueprint of the building on another screen.  “Give me a sec.”
“Hurry.”
“What’s going on, Corey?  I have a bad feeling about all this.”
“Just hurry, okay?”
“Hurrying.”  She slid and rotated the three-dimensional map until she found what they needed.   “There’re four cams in that lobby.  Here they are.”  The largest screen in the cubicle divided into quarters to show the live feeds from the four security cameras.  The red-carpeted, wooden-paneled room was empty.  It was always empty.  That elevator wasn’t convenient for any of the GoCom offices—which made it perfect for the department.  “What are we watching for?”
“It already happened.  Can you get the footage from a few minutes ago?”
“Sure.”  She tapped the keyboard.  “This is one hundred fifty seconds ago.”
“Fast-forward.”
“Okay.”
She fast-forwarded the footage, but nothing changed.
Corey growled.  “We didn’t go back far enough.”
“Fine...This is eight hundred seconds ago.”
The view showed Corey and Jill walking into the elevator.
Dizzie gawked at Corey.  “That’s a prisoner!  You’re not authorized—!”
“I know, Diz, I know.  Skip ahead a little, will you?”
She gave him a severe look, then fast-forwarded again.
“There, stop!”
Now the cameras showed Jill getting back off the elevator.
Without Corey.
Jill looked around the room and picked a hallway.
“Get that cam!”
“Getting it.”
Dizzie pulled up the security footage from that hallway in the same timeframe.
“Someone caught her,” Corey whispered to himself.  “Someone had to!”
Dizzie kept pulling up the proper camera views to follow Jill’s route.  Eventually Jill came to a room off a large lobby, surrounded by offices.  GoCom personnel could be seen chatting in the lobby, or working behind the glass walls of their workspaces.
“What’s she doing?” Corey wondered aloud.
When no one seemed to be looking, Jill crossed the room at the edge of the lobby behind a row of large potted plants.  Then she disappeared into a door near the end of the room.
“Get that camera!” barked Corey.
Dizzie grimaced at him.  “There’s no camera in the ladies’ room, Corey.”
He groaned, and dashed out of the cubicle.
“You’re welcome,” Dizzie called after him, wrinkling her nose.
 
FOR the first—and ideally the last—time in his life, Corey Stone burst into a women’s restroom, gun drawn.
There were only two stalls.  He saw movement in the second and heard a moan.
He kicked the locked stall door open.  A middle-aged woman in a business suit was on the floor next to the toilet.  Her hands and feet were bound.
Corey groaned.  The bindings were the color of a prison-issued garment.  The woman was gagged with a strip of the same gray cloth.
Corey ripped off the gag.  “Where did she go?”
“Untie my hands and feet!” the woman snapped.
“Where?” he asked again.
“Through the ceiling!  Now untie me!”
He quickly removed her bindings.  “Good,” the woman said through her teeth.  “You’ve got a gun.  You can kill her.”
He was standing on the toilet lid now, ignoring the woman while he examined the panels in the ceiling.  He lifted one of them away, and pulled himself into the opening.  In the near-darkness he peered around the crawlspace.  It led off in almost every direction.
Jill Branch could be just about anywhere in the building by now.
 
WHEN he got off the elevator, Dizzie and Holiday were waiting for him in the lobby.  Dizzie looked tense.  Holiday looked...like Corey expected him to look.
A moment that seemed like an hour passed.
“Just one request, sir,” Corey stuttered.
Holiday’s tone was as icy as his gray eyes.  “A bit of audacity to make a request at a time like this.”
“Let me find her.”
Holiday waited for more.
“Let me find her,” Corey repeated, “and the moment after I bring her back you’ll have my resignation.”
“I have your resignation right now.  But you’re going to find her anyway, Stone.  You’re going to find her and put her back in that cell, or you’re going to be its next occupant.”
 
COREY and Dizzie were back at her cubicle.
“I’ve got the layout of that crawlspace,” Dizzie announced, gesturing at one of her screens.  “It runs over pretty much the entire wing of the building, as you can see.”
Corey couldn’t see because he wasn’t looking.  At the moment he was concentrating on groaning and burying his face in his hands.  “So she’s gone, basically.”
“Not exactly.  We can watch for her to reappear.”
“Which could be never.”
“No it can’t, Cor.  Come on.  She’s got to come out some time.  And there are only so many rooms where she can do that.  I’ve got my eye on all of them.”  She gestured to the thirty or so live camera views she had pulled up on various monitors.
“Except the restrooms, obviously.”
“Right.  But we’re watching the doors to all restrooms in that part of the building.  If she walks out, we’ve got her.  But you’d better help me watch.  We don’t want to miss her.”
“Can’t you just get Sherlock to tell us when she makes an appearance?”
Dizzie shook her head.  “Sherlock isn’t allowed to make reports about what goes on in GoCom, other than in our department.  Now come on, help me watch for her!”
“Fine.”  Corey pulled his chair over and made a pretense of watching the screens.
“Hey...”
“What?”
Dizzie scooted closer to him.  “We’ll find her, all right?”
He didn’t answer, didn’t even acknowledge that she’d said anything.
“Look,” she said, “so you made a mistake.”
“A mistake.”  He laughed dryly.  “I let a prisoner escape.”
“True—a prisoner you weren’t even supposed to be with at the time.”
Corey stared at her.
“Sorry, sorry!  Supposed to be helping.”
“It’s not just a mistake, it’s a disaster.”  He stared at the monitors, seeing them without seeing them.  “People like us only get so many chances, Diz.  I was fortunate to be here—to get a second chance at my life.  And now...”  He blew a tired breath out between pursed lips.
“Why’d you do it, anyway, Cor?  It’s not like you.  You're such a...”  Dizzie looked away.
“Goody-goody?”  He managed something close to a smile for half a second.
“I was going to say you’re such a by-the-book type of guy, but goody-goody works.  Why the change?  What exactly were you trying to do?”
“Long story.”
“We’ll be here a while, more than likely.”
He sighed.  “What it comes down to is, I wanted to show that I could take some initiative.  Apparently the director likes that.  I’m usually a stickler about the rules.  But that doesn’t always help.  I wanted to help another way this time.  I guess I got carried away.”
“Well, you learned your lesson.”
“Too late, though.”
“We’ll catch her, Corey.”
“And then I’ll be out of the department.  You heard the director.”
“He was just upset, that’s all.  He’s not really going to let you resign.”
“You don’t think so?”
“No way.  You’re too good at what you do—too important to let go.  Believe me.”
Corey felt a spark of reassurance.  “Thanks,” he whispered.
 
IT was after five in the evening and nothing had happened.
“Oh, great!” Dizzie exclaimed suddenly.
“What?” Corey asked, startled.
“I just realized something,” she said, pulling up the map of the crawlspace again.  “Look at this.”
He looked where she was pointing.  “I don’t know what I’m looking at.”
“This is part of the crawlspace, here.  And this is an elevator shaft right next to it.  This here is a ventilator between the two.  I’m guessing she won’t have trouble removing it.”
“So you’re saying she can get into the elevator shaft.”
“And ride on top of the elevator to any floor in the building.”
Corey thumped his head on the wall behind his chair.  “So it’s over.  She could be anywhere.”
She held her hand up.  “Wait, wait.  Let’s think about this.  If you were her, where would you go?”
Corey tried to think.  It was difficult under the circumstances.  “Anyplace to get out of GoCom.”
“How?”
“To the lake, and swim back to the city.”
Dizzie looked at him like he’d lost it.  “That’s the best you can come up with?”
“The garage,” he said, leaning forward suddenly.
“You think?”
“Sure!  Think about it:  She’s not going to chance taking the bus or the ferry.  Her best chance is by car.”
Most GoCom employees took the ferry or the skybus to work.  But a few dozen of the VIPs commuted across the lake via skycar and used the parking garage.
“I like it,” said Dizzie.  She did some frantic tapping on the keyboard.  “Here are the garage cams.”  One of her monitors was filled with several security camera views of the parking garage.
“Most of the cars are gone,” Corey observed.
“That’s because most of the people important enough to have parking permits leave at five o’clock.  It’s like quarter after, now.”
Corey scooted forward.  “Let’s get the footage from the time she escaped, then.”
“She couldn’t have stolen a car.  All these models are too nice.  Too much security.”
“I wouldn’t put it past her, Diz.  She’s good.”
“Okay.  We’ll check.”  She went back a couple hours.
“There’s the elevator,” Corey pointed to one camera view.  “Is that the same elevator...?”
“That she has access to, yes.  It would be her only way to get into the parking garage.  I’ll speed it up.”
They watched the fast-forward footage.
Just after 4:30 p.m. Jill Branch got off the elevator.
Corey smiled to himself.  “Now we’ve got you,” he whispered.
Jill wore a white shirt and the prescribed gray prison trousers.  She looked around furtively and ran from the elevator to the first row of skycars.  Dizzie changed camera angles in order to follow her path.
“What’s she looking for?” Dizzie asked, watching Jill walk slowly from car to car.
“She’s looking them over, trying to find the best target.  She knows which ones she’ll be able to break into and which ones she won’t.”
“There, she’s going for that dark blue one.”
“A Daemon Millennium.  Luxurious, but infamous for its weak security.  She’ll go for the back window.”
Dizzie looked at him.  “Sounds like you’ve done this a time or two, Mr. Stone.”
“Or three or four.  There, what did I tell you?  She knows her stuff.”
The camera showed Jill pressing the left rear window until it made a tiny gap.  She worked her fingers into the space and began manually sliding the window down slowly.
“It’s got to be done just right,” said Corey.  “If she pushes the window too far, or works it down too quickly, the alarm will trigger.  She should be able to give herself just enough room...”
Eventually she reached her arm inside the car and touched the unlock button.
“Nice,” said Corey in admiration.
Dizzie frowned at him.  “What, are you rooting for her?”
“Starting the ignition is another story.  If she can do that I’ll be really impressed.”
“I’m fast-forwarding again.  Let’s see how this ends up.”
Jill was in the drivers’ seat for some time.  But the car never left.
“She’s giving up,” said Dizzie.  “Wait, she’s getting into the back seat.”
“Looks like she’s trying to hitch a ride.  Look, she’s getting down out of sight.  Quick, Diz, find out whose car that is.”
She punched the license number into a database on another computer.  “Daniels, Martin P.”
“Is the car there in the live feed?”
“Let’s check...Nope, Mr. Daniels isn’t here anymore.”
“When did he leave?”
Dizzie found the footage.  “Here we go.”  At 5:11 p.m. a somewhat pudgy bald man climbed into the blue Daemon Millennium and drove away, oblivious to his extra passenger.  “That’s only eight minutes ago.  He may still be driving home, Cor!”
Corey was already on his way to their department’s garage.



 Episode 2:  Second Thoughts
7
 
A department skycar roared out of Pete’s Fish Cannery on the east side of the lake.  The car hovered over the abandoned warehouses and began gliding over the water.
“In the air,” Corey said from the wheel.
“Sherlock just gave me Daniels’ address,” Dizzie’s voice buzzed from the console.  “He lives in Palm Hills Estates.  That’s half a mile south of the lake.”
Lights flashed and sirens sang from Corey’s car as it zoomed that direction.  “Does Sherlock know if he’s home, yet?”
“No.  We don’t have cameras on the streets in neighborhoods like Palm Hills Estates.”
“I’m not seeing his car,” Corey said.  “He must be nearly to his house.  What street?”
“It’s 820 Marigold Lane.  I’m sending it to you now.”
A map to the address came up on a console on the dashboard.  “Got it.”
Corey flew past the few civilian skycars on the route, and crossed the shore in moments.  Houses and strip malls passed in a blur thirty feet below.  The lights were starting to come on in the city as the sun sank to the right.  To the left Earth glowed from the graying sky.
“Almost there,” said Corey as manicured lawns of Palm Hills Estates came into view just ahead.  The skycar dropped to street level, angled into Marigold Lane, parked on the cobbled drive of the large adobe house marked 820.  Corey tumbled out, dashed to the porch and pounded on the door until a frazzled Martin P. Daniels answered.
“Your garage!” Corey hollered at him, flashing an official-looking GoCom ID.
“M-my what?”
“Open the garage!”
“Of course, of course,” sputtered Martin P. Daniels, scrambling to obey.
A dark blue Daemon Millennium was parked in the garage.  The backseat was empty.  A window in the side of the garage was open.  For a second Corey thought of going after her.
Only for a second.  He knew she was long gone.
The trip back to HQ was the longest journey of Corey’s life.
 
FAT Frank couldn’t sleep.  He had a guilty conscience.  There were a lot of nights Fat Frank couldn’t sleep, but he couldn’t remember the last time he’d had a guilty conscience.  A man who deliberately rents living space to criminals and helps sell their services to even bigger criminals doesn’t have much of a conscience left.
He decided to do what he often did when he couldn’t sleep: look at his collection.
Fat Frank didn’t collect stamps or coins or anything as trivial as that.  Fat Frank collected cars—vintage cars from as early as the twentieth century.  His collection was in a warehouse past Palm Hills Estates, south of the lake.  He was on his way there now in an old, rusting hatchback.  He didn’t drive the cars in his collection.  He didn’t do anything with them but polish them and look at them admiringly in the middle of the night when he couldn’t sleep.
The old, rusting hatchback pulled up to a security gate outside the warehouse.  A guard stepped out of a booth.  “Hiya, Frank.”
“Wanna let me in?”
“Sure, Frank.  Got your ID by chance?”
“You kidding me?”
“Hey, just doing my job!”
“Your job is to open the gate for me, kid.  Now move it.”
“You said always check ID, even if I think it’s you.”
“I also said you’re fired if you annoy me again.”
“Right, opening the gate.”
Cameras watched him as he parked in front of the warehouse.  He key-carded his way into the foyer, got buzzed into a hallway by another guard, and key-carded into another hallway.  Then he punched a long code at a keypad to turn off the interior alarm system.
It cost a lot to protect his collection.  It was even more expensive to have his collection in the first place, and sometimes more expensive yet to have pieces of his collection shipped from Earth to Anterra.  It was an expensive hobby, all right.  But Fat Frank could afford it since he made a nice living helping people commit felonies.
Finally he key-carded through a thick metal door into the central chamber of the warehouse.  He stood in the dark at the top of a stairway, and hit a button.  One after another, banks of lights flickered to life and revealed his precious collectibles parked at random angles on the vast, polished floor below.  Fat Frank looked down on his twenty-three gleaming beauties.
He felt better already.
Number twenty-four would be arriving next week, a Benz roadster from the mid-twenty-first century.  Only a handful had been manufactured.  As he walked down the stairs Fat Frank considered where he would park the roadster when it arrived.  Maybe over there near the yellow Ferrari, he thought.  He could back the Ferrari up a little, nearer that pillar, and then—
Fat Frank paused in mid-step.  He looked at the yellow Ferrari again.  He squinted, but he couldn’t be sure.  So he ran down the rest of the steps and took a closer look.
No.  His eyes hadn’t deceived him.  It wasn’t just a weird reflection in the windshield.  It was a bullet hole.
So much for feeling better.
He was shocked at first.  Then his shock turned into anger.  Eventually rational thought made its way through the emotions and brought up the question:  How could a bullet have gone through the Ferrari windshield?
Fat Frank made a few sharp deductions:  The bullet would have come from a gun.  And that gun would have been carried by a person.  And a person who could have fired that gun to put that bullet through the Ferrari windshield would have had to be standing inside his warehouse at the time.  But no one could get inside Fat Frank’s warehouse except Fat Frank, and obviously Fat Frank hadn’t shot his own car, so...
He jumped and squealed, pig-like, at the sound of gunshot.  Another bullet hole appeared next to the first.
Fat Frank whirled around.  “You!”  He was trying to sound menacing.  He sounded more paranoid.  “I should have known it would be you, Jill Branch!”
“So you know my real name,” Jill said from the shadows under the stairs.  The gun in her hand was smoking.  “I didn’t give you my real name when I moved into your apartments, Frank.  How did you find out who I am?”
“Look what you’ve done!” he said in a high-pitched whine, gesturing at the twin bullet holes.
“You’re avoiding my question, Frank.”
“It wasn’t enough to shoot it once, was it?  You had to go ahead and—!”
Another shot echoed deafeningly.  This time the windshield exploded into shards.
Fat Frank covered his head and whimpered.
“Talk to me, Frank.  I already know what you did.  I just want to hear it from your own lips, learn a few details.  Like who you’re working for.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about!”
This time she put three holes in the sleek yellow door.
“Stop it!”  Fat Frank was clenching his fists and jumping up and down as he yelled.  “What do you think you’re doing?  And how did you get in here, anyway?”
Jill stepped out of the shadows.  She was still wearing the gray trousers they’d issued her back at GoCom.  “Let’s just say I’m good at getting in and out of places I’m not supposed to.  Now talk.  Who hired you to help track me down?”
“I...I can’t say,” he stammered.
A bullet whistled past him and took out the Ferrari’s passenger window.
“Hey, quit it!  You’re trigger happy, no problem.  Just shoot at something less valuable, will you?”
She shrugged and aimed at Fat Frank.
“Whoa!  Whoa!” he sputtered, cowering.
“Talk.”
“All right, all right!  I don’t know who they were.  They showed me your picture, told me your real name.  I said, yeah, you lived here, all right.  But you’re a tough one to get a hold of.  I suggested bugging your suit.  That’s how they were gonna track you down.”  He scratched his head.  “By the way, why did they want to track you down?”
She gestured at the style-less gray pants.  “You don’t recognize the material?  Please, Frank, I’m sure you’ve been to jail a time or two.”
“Well, yeah, but I had to give the pants back when...”  His eyes widened, and he cursed and shook his head.
“Why did you do it, Frank?”
“They were persuasive people!”
“Persuasive like they offered you a lot of money?”
“Persuasive like they were gonna throw my butt in the slammer if I didn’t help.”
“The police?”
“I don’t know.  They didn’t seem like police.”
“No idea at all who they were?”
Frank shook his head insistently.  “That’s all I know, I swear!...So why’d they want to track you down, anyways?”
“No more questions, Frank.”
“And how’d you get out of jail?”
The next bullet took off the driver’s side rear-view mirror.
“Okay, no more questions!  Sheesh.”
Jill took the empty clip out of the pistol and pulled out a new one.  “I need a favor.”
“A favor?  You break into my storage and shoot up my car and you want a favor?”
The new clip clicked into place.
“Fine.  A favor.  Go ahead, tell me.”
“First of all, our relationship as landlord and tenant will have to end.”
“It’s a real shame.”
“Isn’t it?  And I’ll need a new ID card.  You know the guy you recommended for my last ID?”
“Oh, yeah.  Joey.  Joey’s good.”
“Joey sucks.  It took forever.  Give me someone else.  I know you know someone better.”
“Well, sure, I know plenty of guys.  But I don’t want to give away all my connections, you know?”
She aimed at the Ferrari again.
“Fine, fine!  Look up Matt at the Northshore Garage.  He’s the best I know.  Don’t tell him I told you about him, okay?  He’s used to dealing with high-rollers—no offense meant to you, obviously.”
“Obviously.  And another thing.”
“What?”
“My skybike.”
“What about it?”
“I need a new one.”
“So?”
“So you’re buying me a new one.”
“Excuse me?”
“I wrecked mine running from some people—the people you helped find me to throw me in jail, remember them?  So you can replace my skybike.”
“Look, it’s not my fault you—”
She aimed at another car—a burgundy model, one of the original skycars.
Fat Frank growled.  “Okay.  New skybike.  What’s one of those cost these days?  Like ten thousand credits?”
“Fifteen.”
“I’ll see if I can dig it up.”
“Start by digging in your wallet.”
“What, you think I carry around that kind of cash?”
“I know you carry around that kind of cash.  Hand it over.”
Fat Frank’s lips quivered.  A minute later Jill had fifteen one-thousand-credit bills in her hand.
“And one more favor,” she said, backing into the shadows again.
He rolled his eyes.  “What now?”
“I’m not sure yet.  I’ll let you know when I think of one.”
“Gee, just how many favors do you think I owe you?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Frank.  If you don’t want to do them for me I can always come back here and take a few more potshots at your cars.”
“Great.  So I’m like your little assistant now.”
“You seemed happy to be a little assistant for the people who caught me.”
“All right, whatever.  Listen, as long as I’m doing all these favors, couldn’t you answer just one more question?”
“Depends on what it is.”
“How did you get in here?”
“I told you, I’m good at that kind of thing.”
“Come on, tell me!”  Fat Frank managed a wry smile.  “Impress me!”
“I’ll give you a hint:  I got in the same way I’m about to leave.”
“Which is...?”
“You’ll have to find out for yourself.”
“So my security cameras caught you in the act?”
“Why don’t you check after I’m gone?”
“When will that be?”
She didn’t answer.
“Hey, Jill?”  But he couldn’t make out her shape in the shadows any more.


8
 
NOT surprisingly the Northshore Garage was on the north shore of Lake Anterra.  It was a little cement-walled afterthought wedged among the industrial buildings.
The midmorning sun was hovering above the Home Planet to the east when Jill pulled up to the place.  She was riding her new skybike and wearing new black riding gear.  A pair of bay doors revealed cars in various states of disrepair being looked at and tinkered with.  In front was a wide lot strewn with car parts that may or may not come in handy at some point.  The smell of the lake mingled with the smell of motor oil and tire rubber.
A guy in a denim jumpsuit and cap approached Jill.  He was chewing a wad of gum that was just a little too big.  “Nice bike,” he said.  His accent made it sound like “Nass back,” like he’d just shown up in Anterra from the southeastern United States.
“Thanks.”
“Looks new.  Trouble with it already, huh?”
“No.  That’s not why I’m here.”
“New paint job, then?  Maybe give your engine a little more get-up?  I can get this baby going three hundred kilometers per hour, no problem.”
“Maybe another time.  It’s not about the bike.”
“No?  Looking for a little date tonight, sweetness?”  He smiled lewdly amidst his gum-chewing.
“I’m not looking for a date of any size.  I need to see Matt.”
The guy gestured to the name tag stitched on his jumpsuit.  Apparently it had said “Matt” at one time; it was too faded and grease-smudged to read at this point.  “That’s me.”  The smile was gone.  “Who told you to see me?”
“That’s not important.”
“Actually, it’s real important if you and me’re gonna do any business.  ’Course I’m not averse to mixing business with pleasure.”  The lewd smile returned.
“Whatever.  Frank sent me, if you have to know.”
“Frank who?”
“Fat Frank.”
“Ah, should’ve guessed.  So what do you need, sweetness?”
“A new ID.”
“What kind?”
That was an interesting question.  This guy must do all sorts of odd jobs for the criminal community.  “Just a Standard Anterran Identification Card.”
“Sure.  What name?”
“Pick one.”
“Okay.  How old you want it to say you are?”
“How old do I look?”
“Got it.  Black hair natural?”
She nodded.
“Give me twenty-four hours.”
“What will I owe you?”
“It’s a simple job, really—simpler than I’m used to, to be honest.  Call it fifty credits...unless you’ll reconsider that date.”
“Fifty credits it is, then.”
“Why don’t you pick it up at my place?  Here, I’ll write down my address for you.”
“I’ll pick it up right here, same time tomorrow.”
“You’re a tough tiger to tame, eh sweetness?”
She was already firing up her skybike to leave.
 
MAYBE she should have accepted Holiday’s offer.  Maybe she should have joined the department.  The thought was still there in the back of her mind...
And the back of her mind was where she kept it.  There was no time for considerations like that right now.  There was too much to do.
By the following evening she had a new name and a new place out toward the west rim.  These apartments were a lot nicer than Fat Frank’s.  Of course they were a lot more expensive, too.
And riskier.  This landlord wasn’t like Fat Frank.  He didn’t open communication between erranders and potential hirers.  Jill had to reestablish herself on the grid—make sure the crime world knew how to reach her at her new number and by her new name to offer her jobs.
She had a new errand within a day.  The guy on the phone didn’t introduce himself.  They rarely did.
“You’ll be receiving instructions soon,” he told her.
She didn’t ask how.
Later that afternoon there was a knock at the door of Jill’s new apartment.  A box sat on the doormat.  Whoever had brought it was gone before Jill had opened the door.
In the box was a small pad of lined paper.  The first page had a carefully hand-written note in blue ink:
 
Miss Branch,
The office computer of Tanaka Brothers’ Gallery on the Aurora Bridge Mall contains a list I should very much like to see.  It is a document entitled HPCAMVEN.  Please copy the document in its entirety onto the subsequent pages of this notepad, and return it to me tonight at the address on the next page.  Forgive me for ending these instructions with cliché admonishments, but instinct compels me to do so:  Take every precaution to ensure that you are not caught.  Upon copying the file, please immediately eliminate any evidence of your having opened it in the first place.  I am aware of your record of excellence, Miss Branch, and am confident of your success.  I shall look forward to meeting you.
Sincerely,                                                              
Sketch
 
The first thing Jill noticed was that the letter addressed her by name.  By her real name.  Whoever this guy was had connections.  Some clients referred to you by whatever alias you were using at the time.  Some had enough connections to refer to you by your real name.  It was just as well.  Jill’s reputation came with her real name, and this guy was apparently impressed.
The next thing she noticed was that the letter was signed “Sketch.”  That got her heart racing a little.  The Sketch?  Anyone with any involvement in illegal activities on MS9 knew that name.  Sketch was involved in just about every game in town—guns, drugs, prostitution, you name it.  If there was a governing body for the local criminal underground, Sketch was the prime minister.  If there was a mafia on Anterra, Sketch was the Don.
And now he wanted to hire Jill.
This job would definitely be the highlight of Jill’s career.
 
JILL always did a little research before an errand.
When she did a search on Tanaka Brothers’ Gallery, she found out it had been in the news not too long ago.  Last week an employee there had been arrested.  Neither the gallery nor the police would say why.
Jill knew why.  Sketch had tried to use an inside man to get the list off the computer, and that inside man had been caught and thrown in jail.  Jill smiled to herself.  She wouldn’t be joining him.
 
SHE flew her bike to the Aurora Bridge Mall early that evening.  The bridge was a massive stone and metal structure overlooking the river.  The river was actually just a long, skinny extension of the lake, north of the Avenue of Towers.  The mall was made up of tiers of brick walkways just off the bridge, lined with shops of expensive trinkets, clothes, art, electronics, and so on.
Jill found Tanaka Brothers’ Gallery on the third tier.  It was a fairly small place between a coffee bar and a book shop.  She paid a nominal fee and walked inside.
Photography had never been Jill’s thing, especially this kind of photography.  The images were all black and white, or else tinted a single color like red or yellow.  The photos were of people, trees, buildings, all at strange angles and with strange blurred effects.  Most of the pictures were mounted on glass partitions that created a sort of maze through the little place.
There was one security guard in the gallery.  He didn’t look as bored as security guards usually looked.  There was also a nicely dressed Japanese host who must be one of the Tanaka brothers.  At one point she saw him disappear into a white door in the white wall at the back of the gallery.  The office would be up the stairs behind that door.
She’d have to get into the office after hours.  Her original plan had been to hide until closing time, then have the place to herself.  It wouldn’t be the first time she’d used that method.  But there was no place to hide here—no restrooms, no furniture; just one room with glass partitions.
Jill left the gallery, sat on a bench across from it, and started cooking up a Plan B while shoppers buzzed around her.  She made a quick survey.
The Gallery offices were on the second floor.  The book shop next door was three stories high.
She went into the book shop.  It had a nice atmosphere to match its merchandise, tall wooden shelves and reading areas with antique furniture.  A stairway in back led to level two, which was not as busy as level one.  Another stairway led to level three, which was even less busy.  She walked to the back corner—the philosophy and theology section, which was the emptiest area of all.  A door in the corner said “Employees only.”
It was after six o’clock.  Tanaka Brother’s Gallery closed at seven.  The book shop closed at nine.  Jill grabbed a volume off the theology shelf and found a chair by the window across the room.  She appeared to be engrossed in a massive, centuries-old religious exposition.  She was actually engrossed in other things.  To one side she could see out onto the mall walkway.  Since the book shop was at an angle compared to the gallery, she could see the front door of the gallery as well.  To the other side she could see the employee door across the room.
The evening grew dark outside as she waited.
At seven minutes past seven, she saw Mr. Tanaka closing up his gallery for the night.  His security guard left.
At a quarter past seven, a middle-aged woman in spectacles emerged from the employee door and went downstairs.
At two minutes before eight o’clock, Mr. Tanaka left his gallery.
The middle-aged woman hadn’t come back.
Jill set the book aside and approached the employee door.  There were no customers in sight.  She knocked.  No one answered.  She knocked again.  No one answered.
Jill went through the door.
She was in a small office in the back of the building.  It had a window to one side—a window that overlooked the rooftop of Tanaka Brothers’ Gallery next door.
A minute later she was on the gallery roof.  The mall below was brightly lit and crowded; the rooftop was silent and dark.
She went to the back edge of the roof.  Metal rungs built into the wall made a ladder leading down to the alley behind the gallery.  A window in the second story office was within reach of the ladder.  The lock on the window would have been easy to jiggle open if she hadn’t been doing it leaning out from a ladder.  She still managed.
She was in the office.  It was small and cramped.  The computer glowed on the desk.  The monitor played a slideshow of the Tanaka Brothers’ photos.  How narcissistic.
Just about every errander had basic hacking skills.  It took only a few moments to bypass the computer’s security login; a few more moments to locate the document file called HPCAMVEN; a few more moments to scribble its contents—a couple dozen names and addresses from Earth—into Sketch’s notepad; a few more moments to cover any sign that the file had ever been opened.
By the time the spectacled woman was wondering who had opened her office window, Jill was on her skybike a half a mile away from the Aurora Bridge Mall.


9
 
SKETCH’S address was a high rise suite up the river from the mall.  It wasn’t really his address, Jill was sure; it was just a place he’d picked to conduct tonight’s business.  Jill parked on the street a block away from the tall, round building and walked toward it.  Behind one of those glowing windows on the twenty-third floor, he was waiting for her.
She paused half a block away from the high rise.
The thing about doing a job was that once it started you didn’t usually have time to think about anything except the job itself.  It was rare when you got a breather, had a little time for your mind to wander.
Like right now.
The thought had been pushing its way further and further to the front of her mind.
Maybe she should have accepted Holiday’s offer.
In the notepad in her backpack was the list.  She’d stolen it from people she didn’t know.  She was bringing it to a man she didn’t know, who wanted it for reasons she didn’t know.
She’d called Holiday’s offer ridiculous.  And it was.
More ridiculous than being a pawn for criminals who couldn’t care less whether you live or die once they’ve done with you?
It was a long time before Jill started walking again.  And when she did, it was away from the high rise.
 
TWO hours later she was at a classy hotel near the west rim.  Off the lobby was a row of empty payphone cubicles.  She took out a screwdriver, opened the inner workings of one of the phones, and made some personal modifications including the addition of a device she’d brought along.  Then she dialed.
A few seconds of canned music played on the other end of the line.  Then:
“Anterran Governmental Complex.  How may I direct your call?”
“I need to speak to a jail warden, please.”
“I’m transferring you now.”
Canned music filled the line for several moments.
“Warden Bollis.”
Time for one of Jill’s best impersonations.  “Hello, I’m calling with the Anterran Daily Recorder, regarding the escaped prisoner.”
An uncomfortable grunt.  “I’m sorry, I don’t have time—”
“It will only take a moment, sir.”
“They told us not to talk to the press.”
“I understand.  In that case, maybe you could transfer me to the personnel who arrested her in the first place?”
“Look, it wasn’t my people who let that girl escape!  Make sure you write that in your story.”
“Of course.  In your view, Mr. Bollis, who was responsible for her escape?”
“They sent someone down to move her for questioning.  That’s when she made her getaway.”
“Who sent someone down to move her for questioning?”
“No idea.  Our records just say ‘special branch’—that means we’re not supposed to know.”
“I understand.  But someone acted on behalf of the special branch to put the prisoner in your care?”
“Sure, that would be Janice Moeller.”
“Great.  May I speak with her?”
The warden was only too happy to transfer the call away.
More canned music.  Jill held her breath.  It was unlikely that this Janice would still be at work, but there was always a chance...
“Janice Moeller speaking.”
“I need to speak with Director Holiday.”
“I’m...afraid I don’t know who that is.”
“I’m afraid you do.  Put him on, please.”
“I’m sorry, I’m not aware of any Holiday.”
“Maybe this will jar your memory:  He’s the one who had you put me in jail—until I escaped.  I’m guessing he’ll be a little upset when he finds out you hung up on me instead of putting me through to him.”
Janice cleared her throat.  “Wh-who’s calling, please?”
“Jill Branch.”
Silence for a long moment.  “I see.  I’ll find out if Director Holiday is available.”
“If he’s not on in one minute I’m hanging up.”
It took only a few seconds.  Holiday didn’t bother with a greeting.  “If you’re calling to rub it in, don’t expect me to be rapt with attention.”
“I’m calling to say I’ve changed my mind.”
“Oh?  You’re coming back to jail?”
“I want to accept your offer.”
He paused before replying:  “You’re assuming our offer still stands after your little escapade.”
It wasn’t all that surprising that he was being stand-offish.  “My record wasn’t exactly squeaky-clean before that, but you wanted me then.”
“And since that time you’ve done nothing whatsoever to indicate that you’re interested in joining us.  Just the opposite, in fact.”
“Other than calling you right now.”
“For what purpose?  Who’s to say why you’ve really decided to give us jingle in the middle of the night?”
“Why else would I risk making a call and being traced?”
“Don’t pretend you’re not blocking our trace, Jillian.”
“Trying to, anyway.  But don’t pretend your tracers are not doing everything in their power.”
“They are, of course.  Unfortunately it will still take a few more minutes.”
“I’ll take that to mean about thirty seconds.”
“Take it however you want.  The point is, we would be foolish to extend our offer to you any longer.”
“You wanted me because I’m good at what I do.  All I did by breaking out of jail was prove it.”
“I’m afraid that is not all you did by breaking out of jail.”
“So I missed my chance?”
Holiday hesitated only a moment.  “All right, Jillian.  You want to join us, tell us face to face.”
“Where can I meet you?”
“Right here at our headquarters, of course.”
What was he playing at?  “How am I supposed to get there?”
“Oh, I’ve no doubt you’ll find a way.”
“You’re talking about breaking into a secure section of GoCom.”
Holiday sniffed.  “You seemed to have no trouble breaking out of it.”
“I wouldn’t exactly say it was no trouble.”
“Take it or leave it, Jillian.  If you’d like us to extend our offer one last time, demonstrate your worth one last time.  It’s only reasonable.”
She couldn’t deny it.
“Oh, and Jillian?  About the trace—I was a bit conservative in my estimation.  You’ve only got a few more seconds.”
She’d hung up before he finished saying it.
 
IN his office overlooking HQ, Giles Holiday smiled to himself as he broke the connection.
Corey had been talking with the director when the call came.  “It was her, wasn’t it?”
Holiday nodded.
“You traced the call?”
“She blocked it.”
Corey grimaced.  “Sherlock...?”
The director shook his head.  “He hasn’t spotted her.  No VOFARE recognition as of yet.”
“You’re not seriously giving her another chance?”
“Isn’t that what we do, Corey—give people another chance?”
“She already had an opportunity.”
“And she turned it down at first, yes.  Remind you of anyone in particular?”
Corey looked away.  “I didn’t turn down your offer, exactly.  I just needed some time to think.”
“And so did Jillian, apparently.”
“She broke out of jail!”
“And that means we shouldn’t allow her to become one of us?”
“Doesn’t it?”
“Should it?  More than any other crime she’s already committed?...More than any other crime you’ve committed in your past?”
“I’ve committed?”
Holiday shrugged.  “You weren’t exactly a saint yourself when we took you on.”
“I didn’t break out of jail to get away from you.”
“A dangerous line of thinking, Corey, concentrating on what you didn’t do.  There’s always something someone else has done that we haven’t done, isn’t there?  Helps the ego immensely to focus on those things, doesn’t it?”
Corey was indignant, and didn’t mind showing it.  “So we’ll just take anyone, no matter what?”
“Anyone who willingly joins our cause, yes.  You disagree?”
“It seems like we have to have some standards.”
“Such as?”  Holiday stood behind his desk and looked Corey in the eye.  “How many crimes must one commit before one is disqualified?  Which sort of crimes?  How many opportunities must one receive before it’s too late?  I suppose you have a system in mind?  A system that lets you in but not Jillian, or I miss my guess.”
Corey gritted his teeth.  “No.  I don’t have a system in mind.  But breaking out of jail after our offer has been extended!  If that doesn’t disqualify someone, then what does?”
“How about letting someone break out of jail, due to personal negligence?” Holiday suggested.
Corey swallowed.  “Don’t I feel lousy enough about that already?”
“If you still think you deserve to be here more than someone else, no; you don’t feel nearly lousy enough.”
Corey didn’t reply.
Holiday softened a bit.  “I know what you’re feeling, Corey.  You’re angry at the way she used you.  I don’t blame you.  But if you’re trying to make yourself feel better by comparing yourself favorably to her, don’t.”
“I’ll make myself feel better,” Corey said under his breath, “when I find her and get her back behind bars.”
 
MARTIN P. Daniels awoke to the sound of the living room window shattering downstairs—or rather, he awoke to the sound of his wife shrieking, and then she told him the living room window had shattered downstairs.  She called the police while he got his gun and tiptoed downstairs, trembling in his paisley bathrobe.
He got to the bottom of the stairs and peeked around the corner.  The window was broken, all right.  Nothing was left but jagged teeth of glass around the frame.
The interesting thing was that the window had been broken from the inside.  The shards of glass were in the back yard instead of on the living room carpet.
The police always arrived quickly in Palm Hills Estates.  They searched the house thoroughly and determined that there was no intruder.  Mrs. Daniels then searched the house thoroughly herself, and determined that nothing was missing.
“So why would an intruder break in silently, steal nothing, and then leave by breaking the window?” Martin P. Daniels thought out loud.
“Maybe to make sure you got this,” said a cop.  He was gesturing to a note tacked just below the broken window.  Daniels hadn’t seen it before.  He read the note, then tossed it aside in disgust.
“What does it say?” Mrs. Daniels asked.  When her husband didn’t answer, she read the note herself.  All it said was:  “Thanks for the lift.”
It wasn’t until the next morning that Martin P. Daniels realized the intruder had taken something after all:  His GoCom identification card.
 
THE man sitting across from Director Holiday was very tall and very bald.  Those who knew him had a suspicion he was also very old.  But with those tight facial features, and probably a plastic surgery or two, who could know for sure?  People called him Riley.  It was probably his last name.  If he also had a first name no one knew that either.
Riley was one of the few who knew Holiday’s department existed.  His official title was Chief Home Planet Liaison.  Basically he kept in contact with Earth—specifically with the United Space Programs who had built MS9.  He made sure they were up to date on all the excitement going on in the Anterran government, let them know his complaints, and so on.  He probably had a lot of those.  Complaints were one of Riley’s specialties.  Holiday was reminded of this each time Riley paid him a visit.
Today was no exception.
“You want the bad news, or the bad news?” Riley asked.  Most conversations with Riley started roughly this way.
“I’ve heard both already,” said Holiday.  “A GoCom ID was stolen, and it was probably stolen by Jillian Branch.”
“Not probably.  Definitely.”
Holiday didn’t seem to think the bad news was quite as bad as Riley thought it was.  He was obviously suppressing a smile.
“I understand you dared this Jillian Branch to find her way back here to your headquarters, is that so?”  Riley crossed his long arms as he asked the question.
“It was an invitation, not a dare.”
“Provided she could get here by her own means.”
“Correct.”
“Director Holiday, I hate to question your methods—”
“We both know you’re only too happy to question my methods.  Go on.”
Riley sputtered, then continued:  “Have you thought this through?  Is this girl really what you’re looking for to staff your department?”
“Whether you like the members of my staff or not is your opinion, Riley.  But what my staff has accomplished is not a matter of opinion.  Our success is a well-documented fact.  I’ll thank you to let me do my job the way I see fit, and recruit the sort of help I want, so long as we’re getting results.  Which we most certainly are.”
“Results such as letting a girl escape from the GoCom jail?”
Holiday looked amused.  “A girl who would never have been in jail in the first place if not for my people.”
Riley sputtered again.  “I’ll concede the point.  But you won’t be the one to catch her again.  That’s up to the other GoCom departments—you know, the ones that hire qualified professionals and don’t have to operate secretly?  Don’t make us keep doing your job for you.”
“It’s none of my business, of course, but exactly how do you plan on catching Miss Branch?”
Riley seemed surprised at the question.  “She has a GoCom entrance ID.  The minute she tries to use it, we’ll be waiting for her.”
“Don’t you think she’s well aware of that?”
Riley hesitated.  “Well, if she doesn’t intend to use it to get in the building, why do you think she stole it?”
Holiday shrugged.  “Here’s another question:  Why do you suppose she’s made very sure that we all know she has it?”
Riley was always flustered to begin with.  By now he was particularly flustered.  “Okay, Giles.  Since you seem to have this all figured out, how about you just skip to the end and tell me what she’s up to.”
“I’m sure I have no idea.  And I’m sure you don’t either.”
Riley grunted.  “We’ll see.”
“We shall indeed.”  Now Director Holiday didn’t try to suppress his smile at all.


10
 
IN a poorer neighborhood a few blocks east of the Aurora Bridge, Jill stood looking through a rusting chain link fence.  The back yard on the other side of the fence was small, but still managed to contain a lot of clutter.
She wasn’t looking at the clutter.  She was looking where she always looked when she came back to this place, at the boughs of the old tree in the back corner of the yard.  The tree house she and Jerry had built was still there, still holding together.  And their initials would still be carved on the wall inside, though she’d never bothered to check.  They’d promised to stay soul-mates forever, she and Jerry Grant—Jerry G, as he liked to be called.  Dreams like that are very believable when you’re only eleven years old.
But a lot can change in seven years.  A lot had changed in just one year, actually.
Jill still thought Jerry G had started drifting away from her before she’d drifted away from him.  He was good with computers—really good with computers.  Especially old computers and old operating systems that no one used anymore.  But by the time she was twelve, Jill suspected Jerry was no longer using his skills for innocent purposes.
Of course by then Jill wasn’t living such an innocent life herself anymore.  Since then they’d seen each other once a year or so, only when they were partners in crime.  Erranders could make good use of a solid hacker now and then, and the other way around.
It seemed fitting, Jill thought as she hopped the fence, that they should be partners in her very last crime.
There was a cement stairwell leading from the back yard to the basement of the Grant home.  She’d heard his music thumping from outside the fence.  It was nearly deafening when she opened the door.
Jerry G didn’t see her at first.  He was at his computer—one of them, that is.  Computers and parts of computers took up most of the space in the cramped basement room.  A few glowing monitors were the only source of light.  His big curly afro was silhouetted against the largest screen.  The screen was filled with lines and lines of code.  He was adding more lines as she approached him, and his hair was bobbing gracefully to the music.
“The Grateful Dead, isn’t it?” she asked when she stood directly behind him.
He squawked at an embarrassingly high pitch as he jumped to his feet and whirled around.  In an instant he’d regained his composure and thrown his gangly arms around her.  “Jillian!  Don’t scare me like that, girl!”
“Sorry.”  She smiled at the sight of that scraggly attempt at a beard on his pasty white face.  The beard was no better than when he’d first tried it at age thirteen.  “Good to see you, Jerry G.”
He turned down his music.  “Man, it’s great to see you too, Jillian!  What’s up?”
“I need your help.”
“Oh.”
She saw a glint of sadness in his eyes, like maybe he’d hoped that for once she’d come to see him just to see him, no other reason.  His expression stirred something inside her.  For a moment she was eleven years old again and believing in the promise she’d made as she carved a J. B. just below his J. G.
But then the moment was over and the pretending had to stop.  The sadness mostly fled from his eyes, and he was all business.  “Sure.  Anything for you, girl.”
“It’s pretty risky, Jerry.”
“Isn’t everything we do, nowadays?”
“If we get caught, we’re in big trouble.”
Jerry G jerked a thumb at the code on the screen behind him.  “Probably not as much trouble as I’m in if they find out about that.  Come on, Jillian, it’s me!  Tell me about it.”
“For starters, take a look at this.”  She handed him an ID card with Martin P. Daniels’ name and photo on it.
“Hey, that’s a GoCom ID!  Cool.  Useless, but cool.”
“Not useless.”
“What are you saying?  You try to use that to get inside GoCom, they’ll be all over you before you know it.  Especially considering the recent history between you and that place.  Yeah, I heard all about that.  Nice going, by the way.”
“Thanks.  I know I can’t use it that way.  But can I reprogram it?”
Jerry G wrinkled his forehead.  “How would that help?  They’d still catch you, even if you had another profile on the card.”
“Trust me, Jerry.  I’ve got a plan.  So can you?”
“Sure, they can be reprogrammed.  But I don’t have the stuff to do it.  We’d need a little thing called a Benson-Starr translator.  That’s what GoCom uses to program the cards in the first place.  It’s a device that attaches to a computer—the computer being used to access the card.  It allows information to pass safely between the computer and the card.  Hence the name.”
“You can’t just hack the card?”
He shook his head.  “I’ve tried.  The minute you try to hack it, it self-destructs.”
“Like, blows up?”
He rolled his eyes.  “Like erases itself.  It recognizes a rogue signal trying to infiltrate its contents.  Besides, these IDs use a totally different information storage system than any I’ve ever seen.  I can’t access them with my computer, or any computer I know of.”
“So it’s like trying to talk to someone who speaks another language?”
“Another type of language, even.  You don’t know Spanish, but if you read Spanish you’d at least have a chance of understanding a little.  It uses basically the same letters as English, and has similar roots.”
“So it would be like if I tried to read Chinese.”
“More like if you tried to understand ASL.”
“ASL?”
“Sign language.  Unlike English, it’s not written or spoken; it’s a totally different type of communication.  You’d need a translator who knew how to understand both types of communication.  That’s why the device that passes info between computers and GoCom IDs is called a translator.  It deals with two completely separate types of information.”
“What sort of information storage does the ID use?”
He shrugged.  “No idea.”
“But if you had the translator, you could reprogram the card.”
“Sure, but unless you plan on going to the Home Planet, breaking into Benson-Starr Enterprises in London, and stealing one—”
“I may know someone who has one.”
“Yeah?”  Jerry G looked skeptical.
“I’ll bring it over when I’ve got it.”
“I doubt it.  Benson-Starr manufactures them exclusively for GoCom.  But hey, assuming you are able to get your hands on a translator, what exactly do you want me to do?”
“Why?  Are you thinking of bailing out on me?”
His eyes shifted.  “It just seems like you may be in over your head on this one.”
“I already told you it would be risky.  You didn’t seem to mind.”
“There’s risky, and there’s risky.  I didn’t realize GoCom was involved.  You want to just summarize what you’re planning on doing?”
“I’m playing the biggest prank that’s ever been played on the Anterran government.”
Jerry G’s concern was helpless against the excitement this explanation brought.  “I don’t know, Jill.  Okay, I’m in.”
“I figured.  I’ll be back with the translator.”
He looked into her eyes a moment—a moment sort of like that other moment when she first got here.  “Yeah, great, Jillian.  See you then.”
 
WHILE the sun came up she waited by the Northshore Garage.  Matt was the first to arrive.  He seemed a little too happy to see her.  She asked him about the translator.
“Sure I’ve got some of those.  You need some GoCom ID work done?”
“I want the translators themselves.”
“Well, that’ll cost you.”
“So you said you have more than one?”
“Several.  I know a guy in London.”
“I need three.”
“Must have something interesting planned, sweetness.  I guess I could spare three of them.  Did I mention it’ll cost you?”
“You did, but that was as specific as you got.”
“Try two thousand credits.”
“Let’s skip the bantering and hear your final offer.”
The lewd smile made another appearance.  “What about that date we talked about?”
“We didn’t talk about a date.”
“How about fifteen hundred credits, and you and I have dinner someplace nice?”
“How about thirteen hundred credits, and I don’t kick you in the crotch right now?”
He sniffed.  “All right, deal.”
“I’ll give you half up front.  You’ll get the other half when and if they work.”
“Believe me, they work—unfortunately for you.  Messing with GoCom’ll only get you in trouble.”
She winced.  He was probably dead right on that one.
 
“I got nothin’ more to say.”  The man who called himself Mr. Love still had several tattoos showing despite his long-sleeved prison garb.  He sat at the table in the interrogation room with arms crossed, frowning exaggeratedly.
Across from him sat Director Holiday.  “I won’t force you to cooperate,” he said blandly.
“I already cooperated.  I told you who my clients were.”
“You told us who some of them were.”
“All of ’em!”
Holiday shook his head.  “All but one.”
Love looked away.  The guilt was all over his face.
“Come, man, stop pretending,” Holiday said evenly.  “We have evidence that there’s another client of yours that you’re refusing to tell us about.  If you don’t want to name him, fine.  But I recommend that you at least stop lying to us about him.  That won’t help your case.”  Holiday stood and walked toward the door.  Before exiting, he paused.  “On the other hand, if you do tell us more about this particular client, it will help your case—perhaps a great deal.”
Love bit his lip, darted his eyes around.
“Well?” Holiday asked.
Love shook his head.
“Have it your way,” said the director.  He opened the door.
“I got my reasons,” Love whispered behind him.
Holiday closed the door.  “I’m sure you do,” he said to himself.  He gestured for the guards outside the room to escort Love back to his cell.
The director smiled on his way back to his office.  Love may not have cooperated yet, but Holiday’s seasoned instincts could tell he was cracking.  Sooner or later he was going to tell them everything.
 
JILL found Jerry on the couch in his basement.  He had a bedroom upstairs, but no one remembered the last time he’d slept in his actual bed.  Jerry G wasn’t used to hitting the sack before three or four in the morning.  He also wasn’t used to getting up before noon, but it was eight o’clock when Jill shook him awake.  That made him a little grumpy.
He got over it when he saw the three devices Jill had brought over.  They were fairly compact, roughly cubic in shape.  Benson-Starr translators.  He looked at her in surprise and admiration.  “How?”
“You know better than to ask.  Can we get to work?”
Jerry G rubbed his eyes.  “If you explain what sort of work you have in mind.”
“We’d better test the translators first.”
“Ah, so your source may not be the most trustworthy fellow?”
Jill didn’t answer.  She gestured to his main computer.
Jerry sat at it like a pilot in the cockpit.  “Okay.  I don’t think I mentioned that we need a specific piece of software to recognize the translator and access the ID.”
“No, you didn’t,” Jill sighed.  “So how—?”
“Don’t worry, I’ve got the software.  It’s not hard to get, really.  They don’t protect it very thoroughly, considering it’s worthless without the translator.”  He was unscrewing a panel in one side of the translator.
“What are you doing?” Jill asked concernedly.
“Just checking it out.  I’ve never seen one of these, and I’m curious.”
“It was hard to get, so don’t ruin it, okay?”
He whistled as he looked at the interior of the device.  “I think it’s acoustic.”
“What?”
“The information is relayed through sound.  See these tiny parts here?  They realign to create different pitches—pitches human ears can’t detect, of course.  Different exact pitches translate into different segments of information.  That’s what the GoCom IDs use.  I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“Cool,” said Jill, sounding like she didn’t think it was that cool.  She’d never shared Jerry G’s fascination for the technical side of things.  She was much more interested in the practical.  “So are we good to go?”
He plugged the translator into a jack on his computer.  “I think so.  It should take the info from the card and turn it into info my computer can interact with.”
“How close do I have to get for the card to be accessed?”
“You can leave the card in your pocket and stand up to fifteen feet away if you want.  The signal reaches at least that far.  Here, I’ve already got Daniels’ info.”
Sure enough, there it was on the screen: scans of Martin P. Daniels’ photo, birth certificate, social security card, background check, and pages and pages of other information.
“Now,” said Jerry G, turning to look Jill in the eye, “you want to let me know exactly what you’re planning?”
“Could you delete the info on the card?”
“Why would we do that?”
“I don’t want you to.  I’m just asking if you could.”
“Of course.”
“What if you weren’t here?”
He gave her a puzzled look.  “What?”
“Could you make the computer delete the information of any GoCom ID card that came within range of the translator, whether you were present or not?”
“I suppose I could cook up a program that would do that.  I could set it to cycle so it sent out a signal from the translator every few seconds—”
“How about constantly?”
“Okay, constantly.”
“And whenever it detected an ID card within range, it would erase the info on the card?”
“Yeah.  But I still don’t—”
“What if there were a lot of ID cards within range of the translator at the same time?”
“No problem.  It would erase all of them in an instant.”  Jerry G looked pleased and anxious at the same time—pleased that he could write the program in question, anxious because he didn’t like where this was going.  “So that’s the prank?  You want to get this program cycling on a computer near the entrance to GoCom and delete everyone’s ID profile?”
“There’s more to it than that.  I want to get inside GoCom myself.”
Jerry G whistled.  “Okay.  You’d better explain more.”
“Next question:  Could the program replace the info on the IDs with new info?”
“If we had the info, sure.”
“Like Martin P. Daniels’ profile?”
Jerry G smacked his knee.  “You’re brilliant, Jillian, you know it?  Brilliant!”
 
THEY were ready for the job two days later.
Not surprisingly, Jill had done her research well.    Most of GoCom’s hundreds of employees worked a standard 9-to-5 shift.  About sixty percent of these rode the ferries across the lake, which were the slowest but cheapest means of reaching the massive island building.
At roughly 8:25 a.m. a trio of ferries departed from a pier on the west shore of the lake near the Avenue of Towers.  The ferries arrived at the island about twenty minutes.  The passengers disembarked at a large plaza before GoCom’s main entrance.  A few would linger in the courtyard, smoking or chatting on their phones or doing anything else to pass the time.  Some people had a phobia of clocking in so much as one minute before the appointed hour.  But most would file directly through the glass doors into the wide entrance area.
Once inside, the employees would form lines before a row of security scanners—boxy white arches linked together across the entryway.  One by one GoCom personnel passed through and had their ID cards scanned.  Their facial features were also scanned, making sure each ID was being carried by the person authorized to carry it.  If the scanner detected no card, if the card and the face didn’t match, or if there was any other problem, a few of the on-hand security officers would ideally resolve the problem as quickly and painlessly as possible.
Of those who didn’t commute via ferry almost all took the skybus—quicker but more expensive, which meant most of its passengers were a bit higher up in the GoCom food chain.  The skybus departed from a terminal just blocks from the ferry pier.  Several busses left every weekday morning at 8:30 sharp and formed a little parade thirty feet above the lake’s surface.  They dropped their passengers off at a plaza on a terrace, just as the ferry passengers were swarming across the plaza thirty feet below.  The bus passengers then entered a similar entryway, and passed through similar security scanners where issues were resolved by similar security persons.
The handful of remaining 9-to-5 folks was the most pampered.  These were the proud few who had obtained parking permits for the garage—the garage from which Jill had made her getaway in the unwitting Martin P. Daniels’ vehicle.  From the garage, employees entered a similar but smaller entryway, and passed through similar but fewer security scanners.
By the time these select few dozen were entering the building, the workday of Anterra’s Governmental Complex was just getting underway.
Most of this Jill discovered doing searches on her computer in the comfort of her own apartment.  She enhanced her understanding of the process by donning a newly-purchased business suit and riding a bus on Wednesday and a ferry on Thursday.  She also read on the official GoCom post that the complex’s state-of-the-art security had functioned without any major hitch in the decade since it had been installed.
Today would be the first.


11
 
IT was 7:30 a.m. when she met Jerry G at a café on the lakeshore.  The café was about a five minute walk from the skybus terminal, and an even shorter walk from the ferry pier.
“You look good, girl,” Jerry G said as platonically as possible.  “First time in a business suit?”
“No, actually.”  She didn’t elaborate.  “You look very professional yourself.  Had to slick down the fro, huh?”
“I figured it would be worth it for a prank like this.”
Jill fidgeted.  “Look, Jerry, I should tell you…This is more than just a prank.”
Jerry G didn’t look too surprised.  He didn’t look too happy, either.  “Want to tell me about it?”
“I’m not sure about all the details myself.  All I know is...well, this is my last job.”
He looked at her sideways.  “What do you mean?”
“I mean I’m done with crime.”
“Um, you’re actually about to commit the biggest crime of your career.”
“Maybe the biggest.  Definitely the last.”
“Hmm.  So what are you getting into?”
“Like I said, I’m not sure.”
Jerry G shrugged.  “Hey, it’s okay by me.  Whatever’s going on, I’m glad to be on board.”
“Thanks.”
“I don’t just mean the plan.  I mean, yeah, I like our plan.  But I mean...you know, I’m glad to be helping you out.  Whatever you’re doing.”
Jill found it easier to smile down at the table than at him for some reason.  “Thanks, Jerry G.”
The moment got longer and more awkward.
“We’d better get going,” Jerry said, clearing his throat.  “You’re sure you want the ferry?  The bus is nicer.”
“It’s cool.  You take the bus.”
“If you insist.  By the way, I never did ask you how you were going to cover the other employee entrance—the one off the parking garage?”
Jill half-smiled.  “I managed.”
 
MARTIN P. Daniels was in a better mood than usual.  He counted the reasons as he backed out of his driveway and soon began soaring thirty feet into the skyway.  Today was Friday.  He had a nice weekend of golf and leisure ahead of him.  He’d had his coffee.  And he finally had his new ID.  No more waiting at the door for security to make all the necessary calls to let him in.  That had been a pain in the backside the past couple days since his old ID had been stolen.
He also had a computer in his trunk, but that part he didn’t know about.  The computer had a Benson-Starr translator attached to it.  The computer was also running a program—a program Jerry G had finished writing the night before, much later than he had planned.
 
ON the first of the three crowded ferries, the same program was running on the computer in Jill’s briefcase.
 
AT the bus terminal, the same program was running on Jerry G’s computer.  He stood near each bus as it was loaded, then boarded the last one.
When he got off at GoCom, he pretended to be taking a call and wandered around the raised plaza, getting within fifteen feet of as many people as possible.  Their IDs should all be reprogrammed by now, but it couldn’t hurt to be careful.
He ended up at the edge of the terrace and looked at the plaza below.  The ferries had arrived, and their passengers were streaming toward the front doors or meandering in that general direction.
Jerry G smiled.  Chaos was about to ensue.
He jumped back onto one of the busses just as it was about to return to the shore.  The driver eyed him curiously.
“Forgot one of my files at home,” said Jerry with an embarrassed smile.  “Idiot!”  He shook his head at his own stupidity.
The driver shrugged and gunned the engine.  The bus was out over the lake again.
Jerry G looked back toward the massive island complex.  His job was done.  But Jill’s had just started.  He bit his lip and prayed she’d be all right.  Could you pray for a crime?  Maybe if it was someone’s last crime ever...
 
SHE was just one of a sea of humanity rolling toward the front doors.  By the time she was in the entryway the lines at the scanners were already backed up, and security personnel were scrambling.
Jill smiled.  So far, so good.
 
MARTIN P. Daniels parked in his reserved spot near the elevator.  He was fairly early, as usual.  He got on the elevator and descended one floor to the entryway.
The moment he stepped off the elevator, his semi-good mood evaporated.  As early as it was, the lines at the scanners were still fairly long and didn’t seem to be moving at all.  Security people were running around with all-too-serious expressions on their faces.
“What’s the deal?” Daniels asked the guy in line in front of him.
“Some kind of trouble.  They’re not letting anyone through at the moment.”
“So should we ride down to another entrance?”
“I wouldn’t,” said the guy.  “That’s where the trouble is.”
“What trouble?”
“Sounds like everyone’s IDs are scanning with the same name and profile—somebody named Daniel, or something like that.”
Martin P. Daniels groaned.
The lines got longer and longer behind him.  Everyone who had arrived after Daniels had walked by his car—which meant their IDs contained his profile as well.
 
“OF course I’m seeing what’s happening!” the head of GoCom security barked into the phone in his office.  “We’ve suddenly got hundreds of Martin P. Danielses on the premises, and more arriving every second...No, our computers aren’t the problem...No, the IDs can’t be the problem either!  How could this guy’s info get programmed onto hundreds of ID cards overnight?...I have no idea!  We’re working on it.”
The phone rang again the instant he hung up.  He didn’t answer this time.
His assistant burst into his twentieth-story office with a tray of coffee, which he slurped down without a word of thanks.  “So what do we do?” she asked him.
He thought hard for a minute.  “Tell them to shut off the scanners and let everyone in.  We’ll have to get someone at each gate to check IDs visually.”
“How can they check them if the scanners—?”
“They’ve got photographs on them, don’t they?  What else can we do?  Shut down the government for the day?”
“Right, sir.  I’ll spread the word.”
The phone rang again.  The head of security rolled his eyes and snatched up the receiver.  “What?”
“I’ve received some new information, sir.”
“Will it help us fix this problem?”
“Perhaps.”
Not as reassuring as he hoped, but it would have to do.  “I’m listening.”
“Do you recognize the name Martin P. Daniels?”
“You mean besides the fact that everyone seems to have adopted it for the day?  No, should I?”
“His ID was stolen earlier this week.”
“Yeah?”
“By the girl who escaped from jail.”
Now the head of security was listening intently.
 
TEN stories beneath the chaos, Corey Stone parked a department car and led the way as he and Bradley Park entered HQ.  They circled the balcony to Dino’s lab.
“Dino, we got it,” Corey called through the door.
The funny little man peeked out and looked at the device they’d brought back with them.  “Yeah, that’s a VCR, all right.”
Bradley Park nodded.  “Took some serious hunting.”
It turned out Mr. Love wasn’t interested in watching illegal videocassettes so much as selling them or renting them out.  He didn’t own a VCR—or if he did it was so buried beneath the clutter of his apartment that they hadn’t been able to find one despite a thorough search.  But as Dino had observed, Love’s clients had to own VCRs or they wouldn’t be Love’s clients.  They had tracked down the address of one of them, obtained a search warrant, and finally nabbed a VCR.
“And you rounded up the rest of Love’s videocassettes for me, right?” asked Dino.
“They’re in the evidence storage room,” said Bradley.  “About fifty of them.”
“Well,” said Dino, “looks like I’ll be verifying the content of those videotapes for a while.”
Corey rolled his eyes.  “You mean you’ll be sitting back in your easy chair watching illegal movies for a while.”
“Work, work, work,” Dino said shaking his head.  “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a lot of popcorn to pop in preparation.”
Dizzie appeared in the doorway.  “Finally, you’re back!”  She seemed out of breath.
“You missed us that bad?” asked Corey.
“Aren’t you off shift until this evening?” asked Bradley.
She ignored both comments.  “Do you have any idea what’s going on up there?”
They shook their heads.
Corey dashed away before she’d finished explaining.
 
BY the time Jill made it through the line at her gate, the female security guard at the scanner smiled apologetically.  “Sorry about the delay, Miss.  We’re having some technical difficulties this morning.”
“No problem.”  Jill handed over her GoCom ID.  It had her picture, and the name matched the name on her current standard ID.  She hadn’t used Matt at Northshore Garage for that job.  She found another reliable source who wouldn’t keep ogling her and asking her out.
The guard waved her through with hardly a glance at the ID card.  “Have a nice day.”
“You too.”
She was in.
Now she crossed the lobby toward a door in the corner.  She’d carefully studied the GoCom layout (illegally accessed by Jerry G) to figure out the best route to the elevator which led down to Holiday’s department.  It wasn’t a very long walk.  Another security guard hurried past her as she went.
A moment later this guard was handing a printout to the guard who had just let Jill through.  “This just came from upstairs,” he told her, handing her the paper.  “Keep your eyes open for this one.”
The woman looked at the face on the printout.
She cursed under her breath.
 
JILL was in the hallway off the main lobby.  She turned a corner, then another, then branched into a narrow corridor with no doors.  The farther she got the fewer people she saw.
After another turn or two she was alone in the wood-paneled room with the elevator.  She pressed the button, and stepped inside the moment it arrived.
When the doors closed behind her she felt a bit of relief.  She was safe...for the moment.
Not safe enough to forget to take her gun out of the specially sealed briefcase and tuck it beneath her jacket.
With one hand she held the button that kept the doors closed.  With the other hand she took the panel off the elevator wall.  She’d seen the code punched in twice, now, and she’d remembered it perfectly after the first time anyway.
It didn’t work.  They must have changed the code.
Jill had planned for the possibility.  She hadn’t just remembered the code; she’d remembered the manufacturer of the console.  It hadn’t taken much work to find the override mechanism.  She pulled it out of her briefcase.  Within seconds the number appeared on the console.
The elevator started descending.
The doors opened half a minute later.  There was the blue carpet with the department insignia, the framed photos of Home Planet skylines.  She stepped off.
...And felt cold metal touch the back of her head.
“Don’t move.”  She knew it would be Corey Stone’s voice before he spoke.  “I’ve been waiting for you to turn up.”
“Look,” she said, “I don’t have time—”
“You don’t have time to argue with me.  Look on the bright side:  No more being on the run all the time.”
She ducked, spun, reached for her weapon.
He was ready.  He blocked her move, sent her gun flying, still had his leveled at her.  “Not this time, Jill.”
Her eyes said she was genuinely impressed.  Her mouth said:  “You know why I came back, don’t you?”
“I don’t care why you came back.  I just care about where you’re going next.  And I think you know where that is.”
“Holiday said he would give me another chance if I came back and accepted his offer face to face.”
“So I heard.  One last test of your skills.  And you almost passed.”  He pressed the gun harder against her temple.  “But not quite.  So close and yet so far.”
She made another move.  He was ready again.  He caught her hand, seized it, held it behind her.  “I can lead you back to jail,” he said, “or I can have your unconscious body carried back to jail.  Your choice.”
She didn’t try to escape his grip.  She didn’t try to argue with him either.  “I don’t blame you for what you’re doing.”
“Don’t try to soften me.  I’ve learned how you operate.”
“I was raised in crime, Corey.  It’s all I’ve ever known.  I’m guessing you didn’t accept Holiday’s offer right away either.”
He hesitated for an instant.  “Stop.  I know what you’re trying to do.”
“Look, throwing me back in jail would be the only logical thing you could do.  I know that.  But it seems like there’s more to this place than that kind of logic.”
Corey didn’t respond.  He didn’t lower his weapon either.  Jill assumed it was loaded with stunners—but it would be understandable if he was packing something more potent.
“If we all went behind bars if we deserved it,” Jill continued, “you’d be in the cell next to mine, wouldn’t you?”
He wasn’t looking at her any more.  He was staring at nothing.
She kept going.  “Listen, you have no reason to believe me.  But I promise you, the minute I step out of line again, I’ll be the first one to bring myself back to jail.”
A touch of softness appeared in Corey Stone’s hardened expression.  His gun dropped slightly.
“This is the only chance I’ve got, Corey.  I know I don’t even deserve it, but this is it.  You know it.  Please don’t take it away from me.”
He sighed and slowly holstered his gun.  “In his office,” he said, gesturing to the stairway off the side of the wide lobby.
“Thanks,” she whispered.
By the time Corey could bring himself to look her direction again, the office door was closing behind her.
 
THE last time she’d been in this room, she was handcuffed and accompanied by two rather large men in armored uniforms.
Giles Holiday stood from his chair behind his desk.  His expression was unreadable.  The slightly raised eyebrows may have meant surprise, or maybe amusement.  Maybe neither.
“Purpose,” said Jill.
His steel-gray eyes told her to go on.
“If I did something with my life,” she said, “that I would do no matter what, even if it meant giving up all the money and all the comfort and all the convenience in the world, then what would I have?”
He smiled.
They said it at the same time:  “Purpose.”
“You knew the answer all along,” said Holiday, “didn’t you?”
“Somewhere deep down, I guess I did.  You were right:  It’s the one thing I’ve never had.”
“Until now,” he said.  He took a touch screen from his desk drawer and walked over to Jill.  On the screen was a lot of fine print.  “The contract,” he said, handing Jill the electronic pen.
She signed the line at the bottom.
“Welcome to The Nexus, Jillian.  Let me show you around.”


Episode 3:  Home
12
 
“WHY was Anterra built, Jillian?  Why did the United Space Programs create it in the first place?”
Jill knew what answer to recite.  Any Anterran who had gone to school past the third grade knew.  “The nations of the Home Planet were becoming more and more corrupt.  The United Space Programs wanted to build a better place for humanity—a place that was more advanced, more progressive, safer.”
Holiday nodded.  They were standing at the back of his office, where the wall panels had slid into the ceiling and revealed a bank of windows.  They looked down on the great floor of HQ, abuzz with activity.
“The floating city was to be a step toward heaven—literally,” Holiday continued.  “As you know, the first eight metropolitan satellites were largely experimental.  Engineers from all over the world worked on them.  They had a lot of problems to solve.  How would they create an illusion of gravity similar to the gravitational force felt on Earth?  How would a breathable atmosphere be maintained?  Finally they built MS9, the first inhabitable satellite city.  Of course, as it turned out, our biggest problems have not been engineering problems at all.”
He led the way out onto the balcony surrounding HQ.
“Apparently,” Holiday picked up, “building a floating city is not as hard as establishing a functioning society on it.  As they developed a governmental system, Anterra’s founding fathers decided to focus upon one issue above any other.”
“Criminal justice,” said Jill.
“Precisely.  Or, more exactly, crime prevention.  The builders of our city envisioned the most crime-free society in history.  I don’t have to tell you that this vision has not been accomplished.  Many Anterrans,” he gave her a significant look, “make their living quite outside of the law.”  Funny how things turned out...
She ignored his gaze.  “And your department is changing that?”
“Indeed.  The work you see going on here is a critical experiment in law enforcement methodology.”
“So how does it work?”
“To answer that question,” he said, “I must first introduce you to Sherlock.”
 
SHERLOCK turned out to be a computer.
A really huge computer.
Jill saw the computer through a bank of bullet-proof glass doors at the end of a long hallway off of HQ.  From here Sherlock just looked like rows and rows of columns with blinking lights.
“We’ve named him after the fictional crime fighter created by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.”
“What does he do?”  It felt a little weird calling a computer “he” instead of “it.”
“To put it briefly, Sherlock is a data collector and analyzer.”
“What data does he collect and analyze?”
“Well...all of it, actually.”
“All all of it?”
Holiday nodded.  “Have you heard of the Digital Information Exclusivisation Act?”
Jill shook her head.
“Most people haven’t,” said the director.  “It was ratified over twenty years ago by the Anterran Congress in conjunction with the United Space Programs.  It states that all information on Anterra must be in digital form.”
“Like, computerized?”
“Essentially.”
“Isn’t pretty much all information computerized anyway in this day and age?”
“Mostly, yes.  But Anterra is the only society that requires it by law.  The same can’t be said of the Home Planet’s societies—even the most modern regions.  For example, on Earth it is still legal to own books printed on plain paper.”
Jill looked at him questioningly.  “Plenty of Anterrans own printed books.”
“They do.  But I assume you’re familiar with digital paper?”
“Sure.  You can write or mark on it, and it shows up on your computer.  You can also print on it, and the hard copy can be uploaded to another computer directly from the paper.”
“Correct.  Digital paper is hardly a new invention, but it’s only lately that it’s become inexpensive enough to be widely used.  There are microscopic devices embedded in the paper which detect whatever is marked or printed on it.  But what you may not know is that all paper on Anterra is now digital.”
“I thought only special kinds of printer paper were digital.”
“Most people think so.  The truth is that your personal computer will only interact with those special kinds of printer paper.   But legally, all paper on Anterra must be digital—every page of every book, magazine, newspaper, or any other published volume.”
“Even sketch pads and sticky notes?”
“Indeed.”
“Journals?  Diaries?”
Holiday nodded.  “We neither manufacture nor import any non-digital paper on Anterra.  Furthermore, the devices in our digital paper are designed to send their information directly to Sherlock’s database.”
“So if I make a shopping list, Sherlock knows about it.”
“Unless your handwriting is terrible, yes.  Even then, Sherlock has a copy of it on file.  And of course paper is just one small example of what Sherlock keeps track of.”
“Let me guess:  He listens to phone calls.”
“And records them all,” Holiday confirmed.
“He taps into security videos?”
“Those in public places, yes.  We’ve even planted many of our own cameras and microphones in the city’s public areas.”
“Televisions and radio broadcasts?”
“Sherlock has them all on file, of course.”
“How about my personal computer?  Can anything go on my hard drive without Sherlock knowing about it?”
“I’m afraid not.  Your computer has an invisible port built into it which transfers all of your information to Sherlock.  Any personal computer manufactured or imported by MS9 contains such a port.  The same goes for digital cameras, voice recorders, cell phones, etcetera.  If anyone snaps a photo, makes a phone call, writes an email, visits a website, posts a blog comment, writes a poem...”
“Sherlock has it on file.”
Holiday nodded.
“So why didn’t people vote down this law...this Act of Digital Exa-whatsit—?”
“Digital Information Exclusivisation Act.”
“Right.  Why didn’t people vote it down?  Who wants a government agency reading all your emails or eavesdropping on all your phone calls?”
“First of all, citizens don’t vote about laws.  They vote on representatives.  The representatives do the voting about laws.  Didn’t you take an Anterran government class?”
She ignored that last part.  “Okay, then why didn’t the representatives vote it down?  I assume they don’t like being spied on any more than the rest of us.”
“Probably not.  But the Digital Information Exclusivisation Act doesn’t say anything about spying.  All it says is that all information on Anterra must be digital.  The fact is, there were plenty of practical reasons for this law.  Modern societies have been shifting more and more to digital information for some time, now, whether they have laws requiring it or not.”
“So not even our government representatives know about your department?”
“Very few of them.  Our department has a small governing board which holds us accountable for our activities.”
“You mean they make sure you’re not just hoarding people’s data for your own amusement,” muttered Jill.
“A very good way of putting it.  The first rule of The Nexus is that we cannot review any data unless it is red-flagged.”
“Red-flagged?”
“As I said before, Sherlock is not merely a data collector; he is a data analyzer.  Sherlock has been programmed to recognize crimes when they’re being committed.  If any data he gathers suggests that illegal activities are occurring, the data is red-flagged.  This data is then examined by one of our analysts—human analysts.”
Jill was skeptical.  “How can he recognize crimes when they’re happening?”
“For one thing, he knows when any information is being illegally accessed—a student hacking his teacher’s test answer keys, someone stealing the formula for a new drug compound, and anything in between.  Sherlock also recognizes the sound of gunshots or other acts of violence, and red-flags us to respond.  I could go on and on.  His programming is extensive.”
Jill scratched her head.  “But no matter how well you programmed him, there’s no way Sherlock could notice every crime that’s being committed.”
“Sherlock wasn’t made to notice every crime.  He was simply made to notice as much as possible.  And he notices a lot of things no one else could.  For example, Sherlock is equipped with state-of-the-art VOFARE—you’re familiar with VOFARE?”
“Vocal and facial recognition software.”
“Yes.  Sherlock recognizes each adult citizen of Anterra by his or her facial features and vocal characteristics.”
“So Sherlock basically knows where everyone is all the time.”
“It’s not that simple.  First of all, Sherlock only tracks people in public areas.  And it takes quite a good camera angle, or quite a clean vocal sample, to make a match.  Then there are the people who change their hair color or style, get a tan, get cosmetic facial surgery, and so on.  That throws Sherlock for a loop.  But again, we don’t expect him to keep track of everything.  He sends plenty of red-flags to keep us busy.”
“What about false alarms?”
“They happen frequently, as you would expect.  Our human analysts sort through a lot of red-flagged data.  Most of the activities they look into turn out to be harmless. Many, however, do not.”
“It sounds farfetched, like something out of science fiction.”
“Believe me, the success of our department is no fiction.”
Jill still seemed unconvinced.  “I don’t suppose you could give me an example?”
Holiday shrugged.  “Just last night Sherlock noticed a man carrying a gun in a public park.  Sherlock recognized the make and model of the gun, and recognized the man carrying it.  The man had no such gun registered to his name.  Sherlock notified us immediately, and we arrested the man within the hour.  He has already confessed to stealing the gun, and planning to use it to rob a convenience store.”
Jill looked only slightly less skeptical.
“Perhaps,” said Holiday, “another example would be more convincing:  We recently asked Sherlock to help us find a certain individual.  We didn’t know what alias she would be using, or exactly what she looked like.  However, we did have a vague idea of her recent behavior, as well as a general physical description.  With Sherlock’s help we were able to track her down—though not without a great deal of difficulty.”  He gave her a significant look.  “I believe you’re familiar with her story.”
Jill swallowed.  “I’ve heard of her.”
“In any case, don’t take my word for it.  Allow Sherlock to demonstrate.”  Holiday pressed a button on the kiosk located next to the glass doors.  “Sherlock, find any pertinent information regarding Jillian Branch.  Send the information to this kiosk.”
“Of course, Director Holiday,” an electronic voice replied from somewhere overhead.  It sounded formal and British, like Sherlock could be Holiday’s little brother.
Holiday took a page of paper out of the kiosk printer.  “Write your name here,” he said, handing Jill a fountain pen from his pocket.
Even as she was scrawling her name, the kiosk was alerting Holiday:  “I have your search results, sir.”
“Give me the most relevant items, Sherlock,” said Holiday.
“Of course, sir.  There are thirty-seven known Anterran citizens with the name Jillian Branch.  I assumed your request regarded the Jillian Branch whom your department arrested recently.”
“Correct.”
“Facial and vocal match have been made in the following coordinates over the last several minutes.”
The coordinates were then shown on a detailed overhead map of Anterra, zoomed to the GoCom island.  Next to the map, the kiosk displayed two live camera views—each from a different angle—of Jill standing before the kiosk.
“The name ‘Jillian Branch’ was also written on a sheet of paper in those same coordinates seven seconds ago.”
An image of Jill’s scrawled signature now appeared on the screen along with the camera views and the map.
“I assume that this search was for demonstrative purposes, sir.  If my data is correct, Jillian Branch is standing less than two meters away from you at the moment.”
“That will be all, Sherlock,” said Holiday.  He lifted an eyebrow.  “Convinced yet, Jillian?”
“Pretty,” Jill admitted.  “But I’m still not sure what this all has to do with me.”
Holiday gestured back up the hallway.  “Follow me.”
 
THEY circled the balcony overlooking HQ, passed through a small anteroom, and stepped into a dark, cramped chamber piled with very outdated technological devices.
“Welcome to our technology lab,” said Holiday.  “And this is our technician, Dino.”
“Dino?”
“Not my real name,” said the funny little man.  “Dino, as in dinosaur—because I work with all this old technology.  Real cute nickname.  Mr. H came up with it himself.”
“Show her the videocassette,” Holiday told Dino.
“Right.”  He handed her the narrow black box.
“See the dark magnetic tape rolled inside?” said Holiday.  “For a time during the late twentieth century, this was essentially the only way to personally store video.”
Jill squinted at the video tape.  “How did they store video on this thing?”
“The tape is full of images.  A certain device would scroll through the tape and send the images onto a screen, along with audio signals to match.”
“This is the device here,” said Dino, patting the VCR Corey and Bradley had brought in.  “You hooked this thing up to a television and put the videocassette in this slot.  Of course, digital video discs pretty much totally replaced videocassettes by the end of the twentieth century.”
“Why would anyone want to use this old stuff?” asked Jill.
She realized she knew the answer before Holiday said it.
“It’s analogue data, Jillian; not digital.”
“So Sherlock doesn’t know about it,” said Jill.
“Bingo,” said Dino.
“Any form of data storage which is inaccessible to Sherlock,” said Holiday, “could not have been obtained legally, according to the Digital Information Exclusivisation Act.”
“So this thing was smuggled here from the Home planet.”
Holiday nodded.  “In this case, the videocassette and others like it were being used to store illegal material.”
“Films banned by the Anterran government,” said Dino.  “The guy was renting them out.  Mr. Love, he calls himself.”
“That’s the least of our worries,” said Holiday.  “Those videocassettes can record new data.  Criminals who are interested in much more than bootlegged films could make good use of them—contacting each other, exchanging plans, sending illegal information, etcetera.  We have it on good authority that this Mr. Love has been in contact with just such a criminal.”
Jill looked puzzled.  “So you caught this guy even though Sherlock didn’t know about him?”
“Corey Stone knew about him,” said Holiday, “or at least, how to find him.  Corey used to be an errander like you, Jillian.”
The realization hit her.  “That’s why you need me.  You want me to go undercover.”
“At times, yes.  You have connections in the Anterran criminal underground, connections that will help us.  But you have more than that.”
“Like?”
Holiday looked like he was trying not to smile.  “Like an uncanny ability to get in and out of places without being caught.”
She shrugged.  “You guys caught me.”
“We’re good at what we do.  And you slipped through even our fingers, Jillian.  Don’t be so modest.”
She thought of saying it was Corey’s incompetence that allowed her to slip through their fingers.  Then she decided not to.  Instead, she said:  “As of this morning, I was still a criminal myself.  Now you want me to be one of the good guys.  Isn’t that a little risky?”
“No,” said Holiday.  “It’s extremely risky.  A risk well worth taking, I might add.  If we didn’t think so, we wouldn’t have pursued you to the extent that we did.”
“In other words I’d be back in jail.”
“A distinct possibility.  Perhaps, when you’ve been on a mission or two for us, jail will seem rather more appealing.”
Jill thought he may be right.  “What sort of missions?”
Dino pointed to the videocassette.  “Finding and getting rid of stuff like that.”
“You see, Jillian,” said Holiday, “it is a primary job of this department to keep Sherlock’s information up- to-date.  That means tracking down any information inaccessible to him, and combating the ever-growing problem of illegal data storage.”
“So it’s a pretty big problem?”
“And growing.  Sherlock has been a well-kept secret for some time.  But suspicion is growing.  The smartest criminals are starting to catch on to the fact that their phone conversations are being listened to, their hard drives being accessed, and so on.  Some are trying to use advanced technological defenses—the latest firewalls, phone scramblers, and so on.  But others have found a simpler and much more effective way of hiding from Sherlock.”
“Reverting to old technology—non-digital technology,” guessed Jill.
“Bingo again,” said Dino.  He took the videocassette back from Jill.  “Sherlock doesn’t know what’s on this thing.  We had to go out and get a hold of it ourselves.”
“We have reason to believe,” said Holiday, “that a sector of our city’s criminal underground is trying to create a vast communications network using outdated technology.  Our department will be handicapped if they succeed.  Corey’s task force is being assembled to see to it that they don’t.”
Great.  She would be working with Corey.  They’d have to find a way to make up.  Or at least be civil with each other.  “Sounds kind of scary,” she said, meaning more than just having to get along with Corey.
“It most certainly is.”
“Downright dangerous, even.”
“At times, absolutely.”
“But then I’m used to that, right?”
Holiday chuckled.  “Welcome to our team, Jillian.”  He led the way back out of the lab.  “Let me show you to your room.”
“My...room?”
“Certainly.  Along with your salary, the unwitting taxpayers of Anterra are also providing you with room and board.  This way.”


13
 
HE led her back to the elevator lobby and down a gently curving hallway opposite his office.  The hallway had the same midnight blue carpet and black walls with cityscapes.
They walked in silence.  For the first time, everything was starting to sink in.  This was really happening.  She’d really broken into GoCom.  She was really here.  She was really joining a secret government department.  It wasn’t at all like she thought it would be.  It was...better, in a way.  This was pretty cool work they would be having her do.  It wasn’t the sort of work you would expect to be doing in place of jail time.  And her room and board was being provided too?  It seemed too good to be true.
She wasn’t quite sure how to take it.
The hall emptied down a wide staircase into a large room.  “The lounge,” Holiday gestured.
It was nice.  There were several clusters of couches and chairs, potted plants here and there, three big TVs, game tables, and a couple bookshelves.  Above this was a spacious loft with a kitchen and dining area.  On either side of the lounge, sliding doors and balconies overlooked the room.  A few people were hanging out in the room now, playing video games, reading, chatting, snacking, shooting pool.  None of them appeared to be much older than Jill.  Several were obviously a little younger.
Holiday cleared his throat from the top of the stairs.  “Allow me to introduce Jillian Branch,” he announced.
They waved and smiled.  A few called her by name when they said hi.
It wasn’t a big deal, right?  Just a greeting, like the director had asked for.  So where did that lump in Jill’s throat come from?  Maybe it was the fact that she wasn’t used to people caring when she came or went.  Maybe it was the fact that pretty much no one ever called her by her real name.
She could get used to that.
One of the girls actually jumped up from a couch and ran up the stairs to greet Jill more personally.  She had short, wild hair and more piercings than almost everyone else in the room combined.  “So, you’re finally here!” she burst.  Now she was throwing her arms around Jill.  It was unexpected, that was for sure.  But it was welcoming.
“This is Desiree Mason,” said Holiday, “one of our technical specialists.”  He rolled his eyes.  “She’s a bit shy, but once you get to know her she opens up.”
The girl giggled embarrassedly.  “Sorry.  I get a little...um, overexcited sometimes.”  She lowered her voice to a whisper, as if the director wouldn’t hear her:  “Please don’t ever ever ever call me Desiree.  It’s Dizzie.  Really great to have you here, Jill!”
Jill tried to breathe while she looked around at Holiday, Dizzie, the lounge...“Thanks,” she said with a swallow.
“I’ll let Desiree show you to your room, if she doesn’t mind.”
“Sure,” Dizzie said enthusiastically.  Enthusiasm seemed to be her most prominent characteristic.
“Take the rest of the day to settle in, Jillian,” said the director.  “Be at conference room D tomorrow morning at eight o’clock—that’s on the west side of HQ.  You and another new recruit will begin your official orientation at that time.”
 
DIZZIE led Jill up some stairs to one side of the lounge, and along another hallway to the girls’ dormitory.  On one side of the hallway was a long, tiled bathroom and shower room.  The other side was lined with doors.  They passed one door with a guitar-shaped sign that said “Dizzie” in flowery pink writing.
“Hey, we’re gonna be neighbors!” said Dizzie.  She opened the next door, and Jill followed her inside.
The room was small but cozy.  It had a few simple furnishings—a dresser, a desk, a loft bed, and a small closet bathroom.
“Oh, by the way, your things are on their way,” Dizzie told her.
“My things?”
“Yeah, you know, your clothes and stuff.”
“On their way?”
“Yeah.  It took a little while to find your new apartment, but we finally did.  I helped!”  She smiled proudly, then gasped.  “Sorry.  That probably sounds a little creepy, like I was stalking you or something.”
“Don’t worry about it.  Just doing your job, I guess.  So...how do you like it?”
“Like, being here and everything?  Oh, it’s the best!”
“Technical specialist, huh?”
“Uh-huh.  Basically I do computers—tap records, keep you guys in communication with HQ while you’re on missions, stuff like that.”
“Us guys?”
“Yeah, field agents.  That’s what you are.  You’re the ones that go out and do the dirty work—the real action.  Sometimes I envy you people.  But hey, I love what I do, and I’m good at it.”
“Is that why they, you know, brought you in?”
Dizzie nodded.  “I did some serious hacking in my day.  I was in pretty deep trouble.  I got here like a year ago.  Best year of my life!”
“Corey Stone—he’s a field agent too?  We’ll be working together?”
Dizzie cleared her throat.  “Um, yeah.  Hey, I know things have gotten off to a...a rocky start with you two, I guess you could say.”
“You could say,” Jill muttered.
“He’s a good guy.  Don’t be too hard on him.”
“Tell him the same for me.  He doesn’t want me here.”
“Well, can you blame him?  Look, don’t worry about Cor, he’s all right.  You two will patch things up eventually.”
“I hope so.”  She found herself meaning it as she said it.
“Listen, I gotta get ready to head over to HQ.  My shift starts in a few.  I’ll let you settle in a little.  But if you need anything before I’m gone, just come on over next door, cool?”
Jill nodded.  “Thanks a lot, Dizzie.”
“No problem.  And just let me know if you want me to turn my music down a little.  I won’t mind.  Really.  I tend to crank it a bit too much.  Mandy, my neighbor on the other side—she tells me to quiet down all the time!”  Dizzie smiled and waved before disappearing out the door.
She popped back in half a second later.  “Oh, and Mandy and I are making macaroni and cheese in the dorm kitchen tonight.  We like to do that sometimes to avoid the cafeteria food.  About seven o’clock or so, that’s when we’ll be on break.  You should join us!”
“That sounds great.”
Dizzie smiled and disappeared again.
As predicted, the muffled din of loud, thumping music was soon emanating from the other side of the wall.
Jill sat on her bed and looked around the room.
Her room.
So, so surreal.
She had to be dreaming.  Any second now she’d wake up and realize that she was still just an errander with no friends, no home but a lonely apartment she was rarely at, no parents, no family.
No purpose.
She stepped out of the sliding glass door at the back of her room.  There was a small balcony overlooking the lounge.  The guys shooting pool down below were talking some good-natured trash.  The video gamers were shouting about an impressive kill someone had made.  The girls chatting in the dining area were making tea and laughing ridiculously hard about something.
There was another row of balconies above her, apparently for the second floor rooms.  More balconies with sliding doors lined the wall across the lounge from her.  The guys’ dorms, Jill assumed.  Behind one of those curtained glass doors was Corey Stone’s room.
Maybe Dizzie was right.  Maybe they would smooth things out.
Jill glanced over at Dizzie’s balcony next to hers.  It had a hammock, several flower pots, and a stand with a bright pink electric guitar.  She could hear Dizzie singing along with the music in her room as she got ready for work.
Macaroni and cheese sounded delicious.  When was the last time Jill had had dinner with someone?
It seemed silly when she thought about it, but Jill couldn’t shake the feeling that she had just come home.
 
SOMEONE was waiting for Holiday when he got back to his office:  Riley, the big, bald Home Planet Liaison.  He wasn’t happy.  Then again, when was he ever?
“I warned you about this girl, Holiday.”
“Yes, I remember that.  I admire you for coming down to admit how wrong you were.”
“Excuse me?  Do you realize what’s going on up there?”
“Chaos?  Pandemonium?  Mayhem?  I can think of another synonym or two.”
“We’ll be spending weeks reprogramming each and every employee’s ID.  You don’t seem to think it’s a problem.”
“A problem, yes.  My problem, no.”
“You’re the one who suggested that Miss Branch,” he spat her name like it left a bad taste in his mouth, “try to break into GoCom, which she has done.  Are you unwilling to accept any responsibility?”
“As I recall, you seemed quite sure she would never succeed.”
Riley’s lips quivered.  “I know you’ve got her down here somewhere, Holiday.  I demand that you turn her over to me.”
Holiday shook his head sadly.  “When will you learn to stop making demands which you have no authorization to make?”
“Give her to security, then.”
“They had their chance to nab her, and they missed it.  I’m afraid I don’t feel responsible for their failure, as you apparently think I ought to.”
“You seem to be admitting that Miss Branch is down here.”
“You know the rules of our department, Riley.  I reserve the right to recruit people like her.  Their services for Anterra shall be considered their sentence, should they agree.  If she’s here, she has a perfect right to be—which is more than I can say for you.  Please be careful not to let the door hit you as leave, presently.”
Riley tried to force his tight facial features into an angry expression.  “The United Space Programs will hear about this, Holiday!  I’ll be speaking to them before the night is over.”
“And I’m sure they’ll be rapt with attention, as they always are when you call them up.”
Holiday was smiling to himself as Riley left.
Riley wasn’t.
 
SHE was dreaming again.
The same dream.
A face was looking at her—a beautiful Korean face.
“We can do this, Jillian.”
Fifteen-year-old Jillian didn’t answer.
“Come on, it’s not so bad, is it?  Are you ashamed to be working with your mother?”
Yes, Jill thought.  “No,” Jill said.
“Then let’s do this!”
They stood at an abandoned pier on the north shore of the lake.  The water rippled behind her mother, reflecting the lights of the city.
Her mother got into a motor boat.
Jill got into another one.
“Good luck!” called her mother.
Jill didn’t respond.
She wished she would have.  She couldn’t begin to describe how much she wished she would have.  They would have been the last words she ever spoke to her mother.
 
APPARENTLY the bed in Jill’s room was comfortable.  She vaguely remembered lying on it to see how it felt, but she didn’t remember falling asleep.  Apparently she had because now she was waking up.  Laughter from the lounge drifted through her balcony door and woke her.
Jill wasn’t used to drifting off to sleep.  In her line of work you didn’t sleep very easily until exhaustion caught up with you.  And even then you slept “with one eye open,” as they said—several locks on the doors and windows, a gun under the pillow, waking instinctively at the slightest sound.
In her former line of work.
She stayed on the bed, listening to the sounds of conversation coming through the open sliding glass door.  She couldn’t make out any words.  But she could hear the light-heartedness, the contentment in the voices.  It was peaceful just to lie there and listen.
Peaceful.  That was the perfect word for this place.  It had already sent her dreaming, made her let her guard down.  At first she criticized herself for letting her guard down.  Then she felt glad that she could.
Another voice joined the others down in the lounge.  She recognized this voice—Corey Stone.
Suddenly things didn’t feel quite as peaceful anymore.


14
 
WHEN she went out into the hallway, she saw her possessions neatly boxed and stacked by the door.  Only then did she remember she was still wearing a business suit.  She pulled her stuff into the room and exchanged the suit for jeans and a T-shirt.  Then she headed for the lounge.
It was the last place she wanted to go.  Corey Stone was the last person she wanted to see.  She’d rather head back up the elevator and face GoCom security again.  But she had to see him, had to try and say something to ease the tension between them.
She’d used him—lied to him—to get out of jail.
He’d held a gun to her head earlier that morning.  
How did you salvage a relationship that had gotten off to a start like that?
Jill tried to rehearse some lines as she headed down the stairs out of the girls’ dorm area.  Nothing she came up with sounded that good.  Even if it had, these things never go like you plan them anyway.  You just have to start talking and see what happens.
She stepped into the lounge.  He didn’t see her.  He was pretty preoccupied with the striking blonde sitting on the couch next to him.
The first thing Jill felt was jealousy.
The next thing was anger—at herself.  She had no right to be jealous.  Where had that feeling come from, anyway?
Next, fear.  Corey was looking at her now.
But he didn’t seem mad—maybe even a little victorious?  “Jill!  Meet your fellow new recruit.  This is Amber Phoenix.”
The blonde girl stood up to greet Jill.  She might as well have just stepped out of a fashion magazine.  Her hair fell perfectly about her neck and shoulders.  She had a perfect outfit, perfect skin, a perfect figure.
Jill tried not to look as disgusted as she felt.  “Nice to meet you, Amber.”
“You too.  I think I’m in the room next to yours.”
“Really?  Cool.”  Thank heaven Dizzie was on the other side.
“Amber will be on our field team,” said Corey.  He talked about her like she was his sister or his girlfriend or his protégée or something—like he hadn’t just met her five minutes ago, which he had.  “She should come in handy.  She’s a martial arts expert.”
Amber smiled, blushing a little.
Jill wanted to be sick.  “Great.”
“I’d better get going,” said Amber, “settle in and all that.”
“I should get back to my room, too,” said Corey, standing.  “See you tomorrow at orientation.”
“You’ll be there?”
“Yeah, I’m helping the director show you around.”
“Cool.  See you then.  Nice meeting you, Jill.”
“You too.”  Not nice at all, actually.
Corey nodded a slight goodbye to Jill before heading up to the guys’ dorm.  She thought about calling his name, asking him to talk, trying to get a helpful conversation going.  She thought about it.
But she didn’t say anything.
 
THE rest of the afternoon basically consisted of unpacking.  There wasn’t much, but Jill was moving really slowly for some reason.  Maybe because everything was still sinking in.  Maybe because she still didn’t feel like this was really happening, like she was really here...like she should be here.
The thing that took longest was figuring out where to put the photo—the one photo she’d ever bothered to keep and to frame.  It was a picture of her and her mother.  More than that it was a picture of another time of life.  Another life altogether, almost.  The smiles in the picture were innocent.
Jill barely remembered what innocence felt like anymore.
Should it go by the bed?  On her desk by her computer?  On the dresser?
Before she could decide, it was suddenly seven o’clock.  There was a knock at her door.
She set the picture down on the bed.  “Come in.”
Dizzie was as smiley and bubbly as ever.  The girl behind her—Mandy, apparently—was studious-looking, with bangs and horn-rimmed glasses.  They were carrying grocery bags.
“Ready to feast?” said Dizzie.
 
THEY started chatting while the macaroni boiled.  Other than the three of them, the kitchen/dining loft was empty and silent, as was the lounge below.  Everyone was at the cafeteria.
“Thank heaven we’re doing this tonight,” said Mandy.  “It’s meatloaf at the caf.”  She seemed nice.  A lot calmer and quieter than Dizzie, that was for sure.  No big surprise, there.
“You’re...an analyst, is that what you said?” Jill asked Mandy.
“That’s right.  I look at whatever information Sherlock wants me to look at, and see if anything needs further investigation or response.”
“You like it?”
“I like it all right.  So what about you?  What’s your story—you know, how you ended up here, and all?”
The question caught Jill by surprise.  No one ever asked her anything like that.  She found herself inexplicably wanting to tell everything—her father, her mother, her downward spiral, all of it.  All that came out was:  “Oh, you know...I was an errander.  Director Holiday thought this would be a good opportunity for me.”
“How do you like it?”
“I just got here, really.  But it seems like a cool place.”
“Oh, it is!” chirped Dizzie.  “I’m gonna make us a salad, I think.”
“My mom always tried to make me eat salad,” said Mandy, “and I always tried to get out of it.  I would even feed it to the dog when she wasn’t looking.  Now I love a good salad.  It’s weird how when you get out on your own you do a lot of the things your parents always wanted you to do and they don’t seem so bad anymore.”
“Yeah,” laughed Dizzie.
Jill forced a smile.  Her mother had never tried to get her to eat a salad.  Her mother had never tried to get her to do much of anything—go to bed on time, stop running with the wrong crowd, finish her homework.  She’d just gotten her into her career, that’s all.  “What about you, Mandy?  How did you end up here?”
“My parents were both involved in an embezzlement scandal.  They’re in prison, now.  The courts weren’t sure what to do with me, put me in foster care or send me back to my grandparents on the Home Planet.  Director Holiday found me and offered me a position here since I’m good with computers.  I jumped at it.  I’ve been here almost two years, now.”
“Good choice,” said Dizzie, now furiously chopping carrots.  “I wish I’d had any choice other than foster care when my parents got busted!”
“Bad experience?” asked Jill.
“The worst!  Actually, I had one foster mom that was pretty amazing.  She would have been great to stay with longer, I think.  But by then I was in too much trouble.  It was go to jail or work here—like a lot of us here at the department.”
“There must be hundreds of kids like us on Anterra,” said Jill.  “How does the director decide which ones to go after?”
Dizzie shook her head.  “Not sure.”
“He has his methods, I suppose,” said Mandy.  “He’s a little mysterious, our beloved director.  The macaroni’s ready!”
“Salad, too,” said Dizzie.
“I didn’t help,” said Jill sheepishly.
“It’s cool.  You’re new.  This is like your little welcome party!”
“I still could have done something.”
“You could grab us drinks from the fridge,” Mandy suggested.
It was a relief to have something to contribute, even a small thing.  “Okay.  What’ll it be?”
“OJ, please,” said Mandy.
“With dinner?” asked Dizzie.
“And Desiree would like grape soda, as usual,” said Mandy, ignoring Dizzie’s comment.
“Never call me Desiree.  Ever.  And yes, I would like grape soda, please!”
Jill grabbed a bottle of water for herself too.  “Listen, it’s really great of you two to let me join you.”
“Of course!” beamed Dizzie.  “We didn’t want you to have to endure caf meatloaf your first night.”
“Plus, too many new people all in one place,” said Mandy.
“Yeah, I remember my first dinner here,” said Dizzie with a scowl.  “It was like so overwhelming!  I had no idea where I should sit, or who I should sit by, or anything.  I ended up sitting in a corner by myself.  No one even said hi.  It sucked royally.”
“Is everyone here that unfriendly?” asked Jill.
“Not anymore,” said Mandy.  “We have a lot of great people working here, now.”
They started digging in.
“So, Mandy,” Dizzie asked with her mouth full, “what’s Sherlock been sending your way tonight so far?”
“Nothing interesting yet,” she said.  “Not like last night.”
“Mandy caught a guy with an unregistered weapon,” Dizzie told Jill.
“I heard about that.  Nice going.”
“Thanks.  Every once in a while I’ll have an exciting shift like that.  Not all the time, of course, but often enough to feel like my job is worthwhile.  What are you working on tonight, Dizzie?”
She wrinkled her nose.  “Paperwork, mostly.  I hate it when there’s no mission.  If I had it my way, I’d run com on missions all shift every shift.  But any time you run com for a mission you have to make a detailed report of everything you witnessed.”
“How often do missions happen?” asked Jill.
“Depends.  We have several teams that do missions.  Sometimes it seems like there’s one after another for days on end.  Sometimes we’ll go a couple days or so without any.”
“So what will my job be when I’m not on a mission?”
“Director Holiday will find something for you to do.  Don’t worry, you won’t be bored!”
“Do we have time off?”
“Oh, yeah!  We never work more than six days in a row.”
“Can we leave?  Like, leave the base?”
“You have to get permission, but yeah.”
“We all have lives outside of the department,” said Mandy.  “The director makes sure this is just our job, not our life.”
“So what do you guys like to do when you’re off?”
“Play guitar!” Dizzie said without hesitation.
“You should hear the Lawn Flamingos—that’s Dizzie’s band,” said Mandy.  “They’re pretty good.”
“We usually get a couple gigs a month, or so,” said Dizzie.
“Cool.  What about you, Mandy?”
“Rawlie-boy!” Dizzie giggled.
Mandy blushed a little.  “What Desiree,” she emphasized the name with a glare, “is trying to say is that she thinks I spend a little too much time with my boyfriend.”
“Only if practically every waking hour is too much,” said Dizzie.  “His name is Broderick Sebastian Rawlings, or so he tells us.  He’s a lawyer.”
Mandy rolled her eyes.  “Other than that, I like to do photography.”
“Check out her room sometime,” said Dizzie.  “She’s got a bunch of her photos on the wall.  They’re amazing!”
“What do you like to do, Jill?”
Another question no one had asked her in a long time.  What did she like to do?  It had been so long since she had a hobby or a social life...
“I like museums,” she said at last.  “And I like reading.  Biographies, mostly.  At least, I used to.  I haven’t had a chance to read much lately.”  She laughed shyly.  “I’m a little nerdy, I guess.  Oh, and bowling.  I haven’t bowled in a couple years, but I used to love it.”
“No way!” burst Dizzie.  “The Lawn Flamingos’ next gig is at a bowling alley.”
“You should go,” said Mandy.  “I’ll be there with Broderick.  I’ll bowl against you, Jill.  But I have to warn you, I’m pretty darn good.”
“You’re on,” said Jill.
“I’m terrible,” said Dizzie, smiling widely as if she were proud of the fact.
“You’re also incredibly purple,” said Mandy with eyebrows raised.
“Am I?” she asked, taking another huge swig of grape soda and then sticking out her tongue.
Jill snorted, then burst out laughing.  “Um, yes, you are.”
There was more chatting and laughing while they did the dishes.  Then Dizzie and Mandy’s break was over, and they had to head back to HQ.
Jill stood alone in the kitchen loft.  The only sound was the news coming from the TV in the corner of the kitchen.  It hadn’t been much, Jill thought as she dried off the plates.  It was just a simple meal with simple conversation.
It was also the best time Jill could remember having in a long, long time.  Maybe ever.
“...only fifteen years old,” the news anchor on TV was saying as she put away the last plate, “making him the youngest known fatality caused by the new illegal substance known to users as ‘hysteria.’”
Jill’s eyes drifted to the screen.  It showed a grainy 
photo of a boy with shoulder-length red hair and a decent case of acne.  His mouth was sort of smiling; his eyes were sad, desperate.
“Police are still tracking the ring of criminals who have been smuggling the substance from the Home Planet,” the anchor went on.  “Officials believe the man ultimately responsible for the distribution of the drug on high school campuses is thirty-seven year old Robert Zinn.”
Now the TV was showing the kid’s parents.  There were tears in their eyes.  Jill couldn’t hear what they were saying.
Her vision was blurring.
She was having trouble breathing.
Unsteadily she made her way as quickly as she could back to her room.
 
SHE’D forgotten about the picture.
When she walked into her room she picked it up off the bed and looked at it again.  She stared into her mom’s eyes for a minute.  Then she stared into her own innocent eleven-year-old eyes.
She started to feel something she hadn’t felt in a long, long time.
Guilt.
When you’re an errander, you don’t feel bad about what you’re doing.  Sure, the first few jobs you feel a little pang of conscience.  But pretty soon you harden yourself.  Any guilt you may feel is buried under the hardness.  You need that hardness to survive, to do your job and not get caught.
She’d needed that hardness a few weeks ago when she’d worked for a client named Robert Zinn.
Jill stashed the picture in the bottom of a box where she wouldn’t have to look at it anymore.


15
 
NO one knew how the boss had lost his eye.  And he never told anyone.  He liked leaving it a mystery.  It would have been easy to get a glass eye, even a state-of-the-art robotic eye that would partially restore his vision.  But his black eye-patch added to his mystique.  The boss loved mystique.  He liked that no one knew much of anything about him beyond the fact that he was the boss, that he was a full-blooded Korean, that he was missing an eye, and that he was involved in almost any illegal activity you could shake a stick at.
He sat at a cluttered desk.  An old phonograph with a flaring trumpet-shaped speaker played a muffled classical tune.  He lit a cigarette and blew smoke rings at the ceiling.
The phone on his desk rang.  The boss answered it in Korean.
“That errander girl is here,” a woman’s voice replied.
The boss sat forward eagerly.  He switched to English:  “Good.  Don’t let her out of your sight.”
“I’ll be keeping my eyes on her, of course,” the woman’s voice said.
“I want to be made aware of the slightest problem,” said the boss.  “That that girl is trouble.”
“I’ll let you know the instant anything suspicious happens.”
“I’m counting on it.”  The boss hung up.  He sat back in his seat, blowing more smoke rings and wondering how things would turn out.  It was all very interesting.  Then again, most things the boss was involved in were interesting, to say the least.
 
ORIENTATION was scheduled for eight the next morning.  But Jill woke up at five without an alarm.  It took a minute to remember where she was, what had happened.  The surreal feeling was still there.
So was the guilt.
She should be waking up in jail; instead she was waking up in a warm bed and a nice room and about to start an important and fairly prestigious job.  She sat up in bed, her mind involuntarily picturing a fifteen-year-old boy with shoulder-length red hair.  She’d been dreaming about him.  What was his name?  She didn’t think she’d caught it on the news...
Jill tried to shake it off as she stepped out into the hallway.  The lights were dim.  Everyone else was apparently asleep or on night shift at HQ.
She went into the black-tiled bathroom.  A leisurely hot shower felt amazing.  Then she put on comfortable clothes and headed toward HQ.
The elevator lobby was quiet and empty.  A line of light shone from under Director Holiday’s office door at the top of the stairs.  Did he always work so early?  Or had he even stopped working since yesterday?
She crossed the lobby and peered through the door into HQ.  Even at this time of morning there was quite a bit of activity.  About half of the cubicles were occupied.
Jill stepped out onto the concrete balcony that rimmed HQ, and headed around to the cafeteria.  She was glad she hadn’t come last night.  Mandy was right—too many strangers all at once.  She still didn’t feel ready for that.  It was good to be here early before anyone else had arrived for breakfast.  Through the glass wall she saw the empty rows of tables.  It was dark except for a little light from the back, where the kitchen was.  She could smell bacon frying.
She tried the door.  It was open.  Muffled sounds of cooking and orders being loudly given came from the kitchen.  She sat alone with her thoughts at a table in the dark.
The sounds of the kitchen grew a little louder, and the dim light a little brighter, when a swinging door opened.  “Who’s out there?”  It was a loud, demanding voice.
Jill stood up.  “Sorry, I guess I’m early.”
“Early?  Girl, you know what time it is?  If you don’t have to be at work you ought to be snoring right now!  I know I wish I was.”  A light came on.  Jill saw a big woman with smooth ebony skin and a ruffled apron.
“Sorry,” Jill stuttered.  “When should I come back?”
“New, aren’t you?” the woman said in a softer tone.
Jill nodded.
“You got a name, child?”
“Jill Branch.  Listen, I really didn’t mean to intrude.  The door was open, and—”
The big woman gestured for silence.  “You sit right back down there, honey.  And don’t mind my complaining.  I’m just a little grumpy, as usual.  That’s what happens when my people feel like they can take their good, sweet time instead of getting their work done.”  She scowled exaggeratedly toward the kitchen.  The next instant she was smiling a perfect pearly smile down at Jill.  “My name’s Virginia, honey.  Named for the place I was born, Earthside.  Moved up here when I wasn’t old and fat yet.”  She boomed a laugh that jiggled her belly beneath her apron.  “Call me Momma Ginny, all right?”
“Nice to meet you,” said Jill.  She held out a hand, but apparently Momma Ginny preferred hugs.  Great big long hugs.
“So nice to have you here, Miss Jill!  I hope you get to feeling comfortable around here soon.  Now you just sit yourself right back down, there.  How’s a big Belgian waffle with strawberries sound, hmm?  And a little whipped cream on top?  Scrambled eggs and bacon on the side?”
Jill said it sounded incredible.
“Give us another minute, honey, and it’s all yours.  Oh, probably more like two or three minutes, what with all that fooling around going on back there.”  She strode back into the kitchen, rattling the swinging doors and yelling as she entered.
Exactly two minutes later she emerged carrying a big platter with everything promised.  “You like cream or sugar in your coffee, Miss Jill?”
“Um, I actually don’t really drink coffee.”
“Don’t really drink coffee,” Momma Ginny repeated suspiciously.  “I see.  Well.  All right, then.  A little orange juice, maybe?  Just squeezed it myself.  Someone’s got to get something done around here.”
“Okay,” said Jill.
 
SHE was almost finished eating by the time the other residents started filing in.  Dizzie and Mandy, bleary-eyed and in their PJs, were among the first.  They got their trays and sat down across from Jill.
“Sleep all right?” asked Dizzie with a sleepy smile.
“Sure,” said Jill.  “You?”
They nodded.  “I always sleep like a rock after an evening shift,” said Mandy.
“So,” said Dizzie, “orientation this morning!”
Jill nodded.  “Me and the other new girl.”
As she said it, Amber Phoenix appeared in the cafeteria line.  Most of the others were in their pajamas, but Amber had showered, dressed perfectly, and done her makeup.  Her hair looked like she’d just walked out of a salon.
Jill looked away and tried not to appear irritated.  “How does it work?  Orientation, I mean.”
“It’ll be different for you than it was for us,” said Mandy, “since you’re field and we’re tech.”
“Oh great,” Dizzie muttered.  She held a fork full of egg suspended in front of her mouth.  “Corey’s not helping out with orientation, is he?”
“Yeah,” said Jill.  “Don’t worry, it’ll be fine.”
“I hope so,” said Mandy.  She tried to look as sympathetic as she could.  “Dizzie told me about...well, the two of you.”
Dizzie finally forked the eggs into her mouth with an apologetic look in Jill’s direction.  “There aren’t many secrets around here,” she said with her mouth full.
“Forget about it,” said Jill.
Amber came over with her tray.  “All right if I join you?”
“Okay,” said Jill.  She’d meant to sound more inviting.
Amber sat down next to her.  “Ready for orientation?”
“I guess,” said Jill.  “I’m not really sure what to expect.”
“Me neither.  I’m kind of nervous.”
“Is that why you’re hardly eating?” said Dizzie, gesturing at Amber’s sparse tray.
Amber nodded.  “I don’t know if I can even handle the little food I took.”
Out of nowhere, Jill felt a twinge of empathy.  “I’m pretty nervous about it too.  Don’t worry, we’ll survive.”  She caught sight of Corey Stone at a table across the room.  He was laughing and chatting with a few other guys at his table, not noticing her.
“Well, Miss Jill,” boomed Momma Ginny as she approached the table, “I see you already have a little entourage around here!  Good choice of friends, too,” she said, putting one hand on Dizzie’s shoulder and another on Mandy’s.  “Two of our department’s finest!”
“They’ve been really nice,” said Jill.
“And here’s another new girl,” said Momma Ginny, making her way around to the other side of the table.  Amber introduced herself, and found herself suddenly snatched up into one of Momma Ginny’s hugs.  “You girls come by and see me any time, you hear?  I’ll be happy to get out of that kitchen and enjoy some good, civilized company for a change.  You have any boys chasing you and you need someone to get rid of them, you let me know!”  She laughed triumphantly and disappeared.
“Good old Momma Ginny,” laughed Mandy shaking her head.
“I actually did tell her about a boy who was stalking me one time,” said Dizzie, “some temp who worked in the cubicle next to mine for a month.  Believe me, she’s as good as her word.”  She broke into an amazingly accurate Momma Ginny impression:  “‘Boy, you keep your filthy mitts off that girl, you hear?  You so much as glance at her the wrong way and I will whip on your little white hind-parts so you can’t sit down ’til next Christmas, don’t think I won’t!’”
 
JILL and Amber got to Conference Room D a little early.  For a few minutes it was just the two of them waiting for Holiday and Corey to arrive and get orientation rolling.  It was more than a little awkward.  At least, for Jill it was.  Amber seemed fine.  She had no problem starting off the small talk.
“How was your first night in your new room?”
“Not bad.  I didn’t sleep the greatest, but, you know.”
“I hardly slept a wink!  I’m freaking out that I’m finally here.”
“You’ve been wanting to join the department for a while?”
“Months.  I really had to talk Director Holiday into letting me sign on.”
That’s funny.  He did everything possible to get me to sign on.  Jill figured it wouldn’t be smart to say the thought out loud.  “So you weren’t an errander before, were you?”
“How can you tell?”
“I just can.  It seems like most people around here were into something shady before they got here, but not you.”
“I’m here because of my dad.  He helped program Sherlock.  Did they tell you about Sherlock?”
“Yeah, I saw it...him.  So your dad helped build him?”
“Until he got cancer.  He died two years ago.  Dad never talked about his work, but I knew he was involved in something pretty big.  When he got sick, I did all the snooping I could to figure out what he’d been up to.  Slowly but surely, I found out about this department.”
“So you’re pretty good at snooping.”
“Snooping and martial arts.  Those are my specialties.”
And looking like Miss Freaking America.  “So Holiday finally figured you’d be a good fit.”
“It was either let me join or I’d tell every newspaper in Anterra about the department.”  She laughed.  “No, I’m kidding.  I wouldn’t have done that.  Probably.”
Holiday walked in with Corey Stone in his wake.  Corey smiled briefly in greeting and sat next to Amber.  Of course.
“Let’s get right to it, shall we?” said Holiday with a more-cheerful-than-usual smirk.
The beginning of orientation consisted of basic household rules:  Respect for department property, superiors, and peers.  Absolutely no girls in the guys’ dorm or guys in the girls’ dorm—except on special prearranged and properly supervised occasions.  “Call us old fashioned if you wish,” said Holiday.  “I’ll only take it as a compliment.”
Corey smiled.  “Don’t try to break that rule.  If the resident supervisors don’t catch you, Sherlock will.  Believe me, I know.”
Amber shook her head at him.
“Hey,” he said defensively, “I was new, and I just took a wrong turn.  Totally innocent, really.”
Holiday cleared his throat to shut Corey up.  “And,” he continued emphatically, “absolutely no romantic involvement between fellow department members.  Be friends.  Get to know each other.  Learn to love each other as brothers and sisters in arms.  But for heaven’s sake don’t date each other—or, if you do, keep it a secret from everyone else.  Especially me.”
“Sherlock might catch you at that one, too,” Amber muttered.
Jill laughed in spite of herself.
“I’m not going to bother going over the rest of our residence rules,” said Holiday.  “Read the department handbook for yourself.  Now, follow me, please.”
 
THEY went to the office next door.  Holiday introduced them to Miss White, a stylish woman with short black hair.  She cordially asked who her first victim would be.  Jill volunteered.
Miss White led her back to a small room with a glowing floor and walls.  Jill stood perfectly still when she was told to, and the floor and walls got brighter and hummed.
“What’s this supposed to do?”
“We’re creating a digital three-dimensional model of you.  We’ll need a very precise measurement of all your body’s dimensions and joints.”
“What for?”
“For your uniform, of course.”
“Oh.  Right.”
“Hold your chin up a little.  We’ll get another scan of your facial features, just to make doubly sure.  We don’t want your mask to fit improperly.”
“Mask?”
“Holiday requires masked helmets during any mission where you’re not undercover.  So what do you want on yours?”
“On my mask?  Like, a design?”
“Yes.  You get whatever decals or images you want on your mask.  Bradley Park has the emblems from the Korean flag, not surprisingly.  Corey Stone has a skull painted across his.  How typically male and unimaginative, am I right?”
“What if I have no idea what I want?”
“Let me know later.  It’ll be plain black until then.  Okay, you’re done.”
She waved Jill back into the waiting area.  A minute later, Amber’s measurements were done.
“Your uniforms will be arriving in a few days,” said Miss White.  “Sorry, it takes rather a long time to manufacture the polysynthetic exoskeletal protectant at such precise specifications.”
Jill frowned.  “The poly-whaty?”
“The material used for the armor on the uniforms.  State-of-the-art stuff.  Light, flexible, bulletproof for all but the closest and most direct shots.”
Amber raised her hand.  “Stupid question:  Do we get shot at much?”
“Occasionally,” Holiday answered.  “If it’s any comfort, the department is yet to suffer a fatality—or even serious injury.”
“Another stupid question,” said Jill.  “Can we shoot back?”
The director gave a half-smile.  “Follow me.”

 
THE Nexus happened to have the nicest indoor shooting range on Anterra.  They watched from behind a glass partition as a couple of field agents peppered paper targets with holes.
“To answer your question, Jillian,” said Holiday, “yes, you’re allowed to shoot back.  You’re even allowed to shoot first, if you must do so to prevent your enemy from harming you.  Our field agents carry weapons at all times.  Of course, our prayer is that they will never need to use them.”
“Just try not to aim for anything vital,” said Corey.  “Our firearms are defensive, not preemptive.”
“In other words, be like the cowboys in the old movies and shoot the gun out of the other guy’s hand,” said Amber.
“If possible,” said Holiday.
The two shooters left the range, and Holiday led them through the partition.  “Later this week you’ll be taking a basic weapons’ safety course.  I realize some of us,” he eyed Jill, “are used to handling weapons.  But please follow this department regulation with the finest of attitudes.”
“Will do,” said Jill.
“After the course,” Holiday went on, “your hours spent here, as well as your accuracy during each visit, will be logged.  We’ll be keeping our eyes on your marksmanship.”
Amber gazed nervously at the range.
“Ever been shooting before?” Corey asked her.
“Once or twice with my dad.  I’m better at kicking.”
“Speaking of which,” said Holiday, “Amber, here, will highly approve of our next stop on the tour.”
 

THEY went down some stairs to a large workout center—weights, exercise machines, and aerobic mats.  A track circled the place.  Several department members were using the gym.  Energetic music blared from unseen speakers.
“You will be expected to keep in prime physical condition,” Holiday announced.  “Each of you will be assigned a personal trainer who will regularly check up on your strength, endurance, and flexibility.”
The director led the way past the weight training area into a large, open room with a padded floor.  “Welcome to The Ring,” a sign over the doorway said.
A Korean teenager and an old, impossibly skinny man were in the center of the room.  They were fighting.  At least, the skinny man was fighting.  The kid seemed to mostly be falling down in various painful ways.
Holiday gestured to him and said, “Meet Bradley Park.”
Bradley didn’t manage much of a smile as he pushed himself onto his feet.
“And this is Bear,” the director added, indicating the old man.
Bear smiled widely.  “Jillian Branch,” he said in an airy voice, “and Amber Phoenix, is it?  I bask gratefully in your radiance!”
Jill couldn’t place the accent.  Whatever it was, Bear sounded regal.
“Bear is Bradley’s personal trainer,” said Holiday.  “And, starting now, he will be both of yours as well.”
“Such lovely young ladies,” Bear said with a slight bow.  “Can two such beauties truly belong in the realm of combat?”  He wheezed a laugh.  “I will tell you a secret:  It has been my experience that the more attractive a young lady is, the greater is her propensity for violence!”  He laughed again.  It seemed like he meant it as a compliment.
“In that case,” said Holiday, “they ought to be quite the matchup.”
Jill smiled ruefully.  In that case, she thought, Amber’s going to kick my butt.


16
 
JILL was more right than she knew.
They’d hardly swallowed breakfast the next morning before they were into their workout attire and off to the training area.  Bear squawked at them to come into The Ring first thing.
They didn’t bout against each other, for which Jill was incredibly thankful.  Bear started by leading them through a very long and elaborate series of stretches.  Then he gave what he called his “preliminary examination.”  The way this worked was pretty simple:  Bear asked Jill to stand in front of him, and said, “So...how would you fight me?”
Jill had been in a fight or three in her day.  You didn’t have much of a career as an errander without exchanging fists with someone at some point.  But it had always seemed pretty simple to her:  Hit the other person; don’t let the other person hit you; get out of there if possible.  Now Bear wanted to examine every minute detail.  Most of this examination consisted of him grasping his sparse white hairs and moaning about how she’d loose a kicking match with a one-legged old woman.  He seemed to want to correct her every move and posture.
When it was Amber’s turn, Bear’s crooked teeth suddenly appeared.  He never seemed to stop smiling while she demonstrated her abilities.  Like everything else about her, her moves were graceful and flawless.
Big surprise, Jill thought.  So when were Bear and Corey going to fight for Amber’s heart?
 
THINGS were a little different in the shooting range.
If possible, Amber seemed to know less about guns than Jill did about hand-to-hand combat.  Jill had show her how to hold the weapon, how to load it, how to squeeze the trigger instead of jerk it.  She even had to remind her to click the safety off.  “Better than reminding you to turn it on,” she said reassuringly.
“Hey, I got it, I got it!” said Amber the first time she put a mark on the paper target.
“Nice going,” said Jill.  “He won’t be able to run with a gimpy left foot, that’s for sure.  Now, let’s go for more of the heart or head area, shall we?”
“Cowboy movies, remember?” said Amber.  “Nothing vital.”
“Right.  The hand, then.  Or the neck.  That’s where you’d ideally want to put a stunner.”
Amber emptied another clip without much accuracy, and sighed.  “If we’re ever in a shootout, I’m a goner.”
“I’ll do the shooting,” said Jill.  “When I shoot the guns out of their hands, cowboy-style, you can take over, kung-fu-style, and save my rear.”
“Deal,” said Amber.
Funny how people didn’t seem so bad in situations where you were just plain better than they were.
 
THEY were evenly matched in the gym.  They pushed each other at a steady pace around the track and at the exercise machines.
By the time they showered and went to the caf for a late lunch they were exhausted.  It was a nice, satisfying kind of exhaustion.
 
WHEN Holiday had first introduced them to Bradley Park, Bradley had given Jill a strange look.  It may not have meant much to the casual observer.  But to Jill, it was easy to interpret.  He saw her Korean roots.  More precisely, he saw she came from a partly Korean background.  Most wouldn’t have been able to tell.  Other than her dark hair and eyes, she didn’t have particularly Korean features.
But Bradley could tell.  And he didn’t like it at all.
Not many “purebloods” lived on Anterra.  Intermarriage between ethnic backgrounds was hardly uncommon.  Anterra was a nation unto itself, and in general Anterrans married other Anterrans regardless of racial or national background.
It was a different story with the Koreans.
It hadn’t been their fault, really.  Korea had joined the United Space Programs late, when the Metropolitan Satellite project was already in full swing.  This caused the other nations in the USP to look down on the few Korean scientists and engineers involved, and to make light of their contributions.
The prejudice continued onto the satellite once it was settled.  Of the nearly one million original citizens, most had been from the United States, Japan, or the European Union.  Only about 20,000 had been Koreans—a number that was still “way too high,” according to many.  The Koreans responded by banding together.  Of their own will they became the most segregated group on Anterra, and expressed a national pride unlike any other on the satellite.
And Koreans on Anterra simply did not intermarry with/have children with non-Koreans—not without going against a very strong grain, anyway.
Jill obviously represented an exception.
“Was it your father or your mother?” Bradley Park asked her when they were in line at the caf that evening.
Jill hadn’t even seen him approach.  He hadn’t greeted her.  This was apparently his way of starting a conversation.
“What do you mean?” she asked.  She knew very well what he meant, but she wasn’t going to play along.
“Your mother, I would guess,” he said, ignoring her question.
How had he gotten it right?  “My mother was Korean, if that’s what you’re talking about.”
“So was mine.  And so was my father.”  He gave her that same look—a look of superiority, a look of disdain, a look of pity, almost, that she didn’t have the pedigree that he had.
“It looks like you chose excellent parents,” Jill said blandly.  “I didn’t get to choose mine, actually.  They were already together by the time I came along.”
He sniffed at her, mostly because he didn’t know how to respond.  “Well,” he said after a moment, “I guess we’re on the same team, now.”
“Were we ever not?”
He sputtered again.  “I just mean we’d better find a way to get along.”
“Were you thinking it would be difficult for some reason?”
He clenched his teeth.  “You know what you are, and what I am.  We can’t just ignore our differences.  We have to face them.”
“I freely admit our differences:  I can’t choose to stop being half-Korean, whereas you can choose to stop being an arrogant jerk about it.”
“What’s up?” asked Corey Stone.  He’d come over from his table when he saw their conversation heating up.  He was giving Bradley a look that could freeze a polar bear.
“Just meeting the new girl,” Bradley said in a flat tone of voice, then walked away.
Corey looked at Jill questioningly.
“He’s a little proud of his heritage, isn’t he?” Jill asked.
“Cut him some slack,” said Corey.  “He doesn’t have much else to be proud of.”
Jill chuckled.
It wasn’t until Corey was walking away that it hit her:  Corey had come to her defense.  That was a good sign, right?  She tried to tell herself it was nothing, that he was just getting after Bradley because he didn’t like Bradley much.  Still, it gave her a good feeling.
A little of that good feeling actually stuck with her when she noticed Corey was now sitting next to Amber.
 
A third hard day of training was rewarded with a night out on the town.  As Jill rode the elevator up toward the ground level of GoCom, she realized this would be her first glimpse above the surface of Lake Anterra in almost five days.
She and Mandy caught a bus to the Raging Bowl on the south rim.  In a haze of cigarette smoke they watched Dizzie’s band, the Lawn Flamingos.  Jill didn’t know if she could call them “good,” but she felt secure calling them “loud.”  Dizzie never stopped grinning or bouncing up and down while she hacked at her pink guitar.
While another band played, Jill bowled against Mandy and Mandy’s boyfriend, Broderick Sebastian Rawlings, a.k.a. Rawlie-boy.  Mandy was good, as promised.  Jill was even better.  Rawlie-boy licked them both.
“Does professional bowling pay better than being a lawyer?” Jill asked him.
Broderick laughed.  “It might be more fulfilling,” he said.
Dizzie joined them at a table for pizza and sodas.  They laughed and talked about the concert, about Mandy and Broderick, about bowling...about anything but work.  Jill even threw in a comment or two, though she mostly just sat and listened.  She wondered if this was something along the lines of how normal people lived.
Then she remembered she was a special agent for a secret government department.
 
AFTER dinner on Jill’s sixth evening at The Nexus, Corey Stone told her and Amber to follow him.  “There’s another part of our department I’ve got to show you.”
From the balcony over HQ they went down a short hallway.
“The garage,” Corey announced.
Several sleek black vehicles were parked in the wide cement-floored space—ground cars, skycars, motorcycles, and even a few skybikes.
Jill did a double-take of one of the skybikes.  “Is that...?”
“Yours,” Corey confirmed.  “We brought it down from the ferry docks the day you got here.”
“So this is where we head when we go on missions,” Amber said.
Corey nodded.  “This way to the locker rooms.”
Men’s and women’s locker rooms off the garage were divided into narrow sections.  Each section included glass doors with full uniforms propped on stands behind them.  The full body armor and masks looked like actual agents standing stone-still behind the glass.
Corey led them down one branch of the locker room where two new uniforms, external armor gleaming, were propped behind side-by-side glass doors.
“Yours,” said Corey.
Jill’s breath caught in her throat.  She stared at the uniform, and the dark, reflective surfaces of the mask’s eyes seemed to stare back.  It felt like looking at a person...the person she was supposed to be.
She wondered if climbing inside the uniform would help her make the transformation.
“Jill?”
She started, looked back at Corey.  “Did you say something?”
“I said let’s head back to the garage.”
“Sorry.  Coming.”
She glanced over her shoulder at the uniform one last time as she walked away.
 
BACK in the garage Corey told them to climb into one of the black cars.  Jill gestured for Amber to ride shotgun before Corey could ask her to, which she figured he would.
They drove away from HQ via the tunnel under the lake.  The tunnel dead-ended, and Corey parked and waited.  A platform lowered, and Corey pulled forward onto it.  Then the platform rose, and they were in the warehouse of Pete’s Fish Cannery.
They drove out of the warehouse to the dark streets of the old industrial area east of the lake.
“This part of the city is abandoned,” said Corey, “like a lot of districts these days.  It makes an ideal exit and entrance.  It’s the only way to get into or out of the department besides the elevator from inside GoCom.”
“Won’t anyone get suspicious seeing vehicles coming and going?” asked Amber.
“We rarely pass any other drivers on these roads until we’re a fairly good distance away from the cannery.  Even if someone did happen to suspect, only a department vehicle can open the garage doors of the cannery or signal the floor panel to drop into the tunnel.”
“So it doesn’t matter that we’re being watched?” asked Jill.
“What?” asked Corey.  Alarm threw off the tour-guide tone of voice he’d been using.
Jill pointed.  “Someone just ducked behind that brick wall.”
“Are you sure?”
“I saw him too,” said Amber.
Corey pulled over.  “We’d better check it out.”
“We’re not dressed for a mission,” Amber said hesitantly.
“Or armed,” Jill added.
Corey opened a console between the front seats.  “We never go anywhere unarmed,” he said, grabbing a handgun loaded with stunners.  Jill grabbed one too, reflexively.  Amber finally did as well, slowly, like she was grabbing a snake and trying not to get bit.
Jill was alarmingly used to this kind of situation—the kind that included being armed and dealing with other people that were probably armed too.  “I’ll follow him,” she said.  “You two double back around that warehouse and try to spook him back toward me.”
“We shouldn’t split up,” countered Corey.
“He saw us,” said Jill, “and he knows we saw him.  Our only advantage is that we outnumber him.  We’ve got to try to trap him.”
Corey finally nodded.  He and Amber slipped around the corner.  Jill rounded the edge of the brick wall at the other end of the warehouse.
She was peering down a dark alley and smelling the dank puddles in the potholed pavement.  She heard but didn’t see the guy slinking down it.  There was a slight breeze off the lake somewhere behind her.  She heard the distant noise of city traffic, but no sound nearby other than the slinking.
Suddenly she was an errander again, with that familiar sensation rising inside her.  The sensation seemed more nameless than ever, more distant, even though it was at the very core of her being.  She’d felt the same feeling a thousand times...but it was different this time.  It felt foreign, now, like a puzzle piece that didn’t fit inside her anymore.
It was hard, but she pushed away the conflicting emotions and focused on the here-and-now.  She thought of her new uniform standing uselessly in a glass case back at HQ, while she stood here with nothing but jeans and a T-shirt...oh, and a gun.
The guy appeared under a flickering lamp at the end of the alley, climbed over a shallow wall, and ran down another alley away from her.
They wouldn’t be able to trap him now.
Jill took off after him.
She thought she heard him round another bend.  She followed him, gun raised.
She was at an intersection of four narrow roads among the abandoned industrial buildings.
He could be anywhere.
Corey and Amber ran up behind her.
“Lost him,” Jill muttered.
Amber kept her gun raised anyway.  Not that it mattered; the safety was still on.
“Could have been just some homeless guy,” said Corey.  
Jill shook her head.  “He was watching us too carefully.”
“A spy,” whispered Amber.
“Let’s head back,” Corey said through a frown.  “We’d better tell the director.”
Jill’s heart was still pounding the way it always did on an errand.  Only this wasn’t an errand, she reminded herself.  It was something entirely different.  Something opposite.
Wasn’t it?
She was picturing that nameless face again—acne, shoulder-length red hair, sad eyes...How many times had she thought about that face in the last week?
“...you okay?  Jill?  Hey, Jill?”
Her mind snapped back to the present.  Erranders were the bad guys; now she was one of the good guys...right?  Sure she was.  She’d signed the papers, joined the department.  She was one of them now.  It was official.  She knew it.
But she didn’t feel it.
“Yeah.  I’m fine.”
Was it really possible change into a different person just like that?  The whole ride back to HQ she tried to convince herself that it was.
 
THE boss was wandering through his arcade in Korean Town, west of the Avenue of Towers.  Korean kids on Anterra loved their arcades, and they’d packed the place out tonight.  There were modern holographic games, ancient bulky consoles with bubbled screens, and everything in between.  Dim violet light from the ceiling mingled with the shifting light of the games.  Music thumped from invisible speakers and added to the din.
The boss liked to wear a tailored suit at his arcade.  It made him seem like a CEO instead of the owner of a teenage entertainment center.  Then again, he was much more than the owner of a teenage entertainment center, so why shouldn’t he stroll around the place in a tailored suit?  The suit was black to match his perfect hair, his eye-patch, and his reputation.
He lit a cigarette while he walked.  He was in a good mood tonight.  He wasn’t sure why.  The boss’s moods were like the weather on the Home Planet—uncontrollable, unpredictable, quickly changing.
A quick change happened at that moment, in fact.  He saw a hooded guy walk quietly in through the arcade’s side entrance.
The boss strode to his dark, cramped office at the back of the building.  Classical music crackled from the flaring horn-shaped speaker of his old phonograph in the corner.
A minute later the hooded guy came into the office.
They spoke to each other in Korean.
“You are back early,” the boss said.
“They saw me,” said the other guy.  He pulled back his hood.  He was a young Korean with disheveled hair.  The dishevelment looked deliberately styled, not just a consequence of the hood.
“You allowed them to see you?”
“Our source said that the department does not patrol that entrance.”
“And you believed the source?”
The young man hesitated.  “If we are not going to believe the source, what is the use of having one?”
The boss sighed.  “I suppose you are right.”  He lit a cigarette.  “Still, it makes sense that the department would keep watch over one of the only entrances to their headquarters.”
“Perhaps.  Then again, why draw any attention to the place by posting guards?  No one knows there is supposed to be such an entrance.  No one even knows there is supposed to be such a department.”
The boss nodded impatiently.  “I assume you did not find the entrance?”
“It would not matter if I had.  Only department members have the capability to trigger the door open.  You need more information from the source.”
“The source is afraid to say more than has already been said.”
“The source is only saying that that so you will pay more money.”
“Perhaps.”  The boss went to the corner and switched off the phonograph.  He took a wax cylinder out of it, put a different wax cylinder in, and switched it back on.  A different muffled classical tune came on.  “Perhaps we must change our focus.”
“I have been telling you that for a month.”
The boss didn’t argue.  He shook a finger at the hooded kid.  “I should listen to you more often.”
“Then listen to me right now:  Do not take this so far.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You have some good resources.  Use them to keep your little...side business transactions going.  You do not have to take the whole department down.”
The boss shrugged.  “Perhaps I want to take the whole department down.  In the future, no one will remember me for those little business transactions you are talking about.  But if I expose an entire secret branch of the government...!”  He blew smoke dramatically at the ceiling.
“They will not remember you if you are caught and imprisoned before you accomplish anything, either,” said the kid.
The boss smiled.  “Then I suppose I must not allow myself to be caught.”
 
DURING the second week of training, Bear finally had the new girls bout in The Ring.
It went about as expected.  Amber, all grace and smooth moves, danced around and attacked at ideal times.  Jill stumbled back and forth and flailed futilely at Amber whenever she thought she could get away with it.
“Stop it stop it stop it!” Bear cried after about twenty seconds had elapsed.  “Jillian!  Have you learned nothing from me thus far?  Show me that you heard my words, and were not simply counting the wrinkles on my face!  Now...again!”
Amber forced an embarrassed smile before she attacked again.
It didn’t go much better the next twenty seconds than it had the first.
Director Holiday appeared and interrupted the bout.  Bear was annoyed.  Jill was relieved.
“You’ll have to continue your training later, I’m afraid,” said Holiday.  “Right now it’s time to participate in that for which you are being trained.”
“Ah, such flowery language!” Bear said, shaking his head.  “What does the director mean?”
“He means,” said Jill, “it’s time for our first mission.”
Holiday smiled.  “It’s time to break in those new uniforms, ladies.”
“Director?” said Bear.  He gestured at Jill.  “Please make sure this one is well armed.  If she is forced to fight without a weapon...well, I am much too busy in the foreseeable future to attend a funeral.”
“Very funny,” said Jill.
Amber had not the slightest smile on her face.  “Our first mission,” she whispered.
“We debrief immediately,” said the director.  “Follow me.”


Episode 4:  Cobalt Viceroy
17
 
DEBRIEFING happened in a conference room off the garage.  Corey and Bradley met Jill, Amber and the director there, soon followed by Dizzie and Mandy.
“As you know,” Holiday began without preface, “approximately one week ago, Corey Stone and Bradley Park arrested a vendor of illegal materials, a man who calls himself Mr. Love.  We had reason to believe Mr. Love was in contact with a much larger and more dangerous criminal ring.  Since that time, the department has been in the process of tracking down Mr. Love’s clients.  They have been questioned and fined on charges of deliberately obtaining materials known to be illegal.  Amanda Farrell,” he gestured toward Mandy, “was the lead analyst in finding said violators.  Amanda, would you briefly explain the process?”
Mandy stood, looking as intellectual as ever.  “Mr. Love’s apartment and place of business is accessed by an alley entrance.  A traffic camera just outside the alley gave us a clear view of any vehicles which parked at his door, and the license numbers were then traced to the owners.  However, on a number of occasions over the last month, Mr. Love had a visitor who arrived in a car with the license numbers obscured.”
“Sherlock should have alerted us,” said Corey.  “Any time a traffic camera spots a vehicle whose license numbers aren’t visible, Sherlock is supposed to red-flag it.”
“He did,” said Mandy.
“Then why did no one follow up on the alert?” demanded Bradley.
Many sighed, obviously annoyed at this sidetrack.  “A non-visible license number is a very common alert from Sherlock.  Typically it’s only because of a dirty license plate, or a shadow, or something equally harmless.  These red-flags are nowhere near the top of the list for analysts to follow up on, particularly on busier days.  We usually bypass the alerts and move on to more dangerous ones.”
“Was there no other way to determine who the driver of the vehicle was?” asked Bradley.
Mandy shook her head.  “We have footage of the client walking from his car to Love’s door and back, but it’s inconclusive.  He wore a hood which shadowed his face, and didn’t speak within the range of the microphones on the security cameras; so Sherlock’s VOFARE was unable to make an ID.  We tried following the route he had driven to reach Love’s place, but he took too many side roads—roads without any camera surveillance.  He remains the one client of Mr. Love’s we have not arrested.”
“But now you’ve found him,” said Jill.
“We’re about to,” said Holiday.  “Until recently, Mr. Love has been downright afraid to speak of this particular client.”
“That just goes to show he’s as dangerous as you suspected,” put in Amber.
Holiday nodded.  “Exactly.  Thankfully Mr. Love’s impending court date has loosened his tongue at last.  Apparently this client wasn’t a collector interested in obtaining Love’s videos; he was interested in where Love got them.”
“He wanted to get a hold of a VCR and videocassettes himself,” Corey concluded.
“In all probability, yes.  This confirms our suspicions that the Anterran underground is manufacturing a communications network using outdated technology—technology Sherlock cannot tap into.  This client, whoever he is, wants to make use of Love’s contacts to obtain materials for this plan.”
“What did Love tell the client?” asked Bradley.
“Love was hesitant to reveal his Earthside contacts who had been shipping him the videos.  The client was very persuasive, however.  They had arranged to meet late last week to discuss the matter.”
“But Love was in jail by then,” said Bradley.
“Precisely.  But this morning I persuaded Love to call the client.”
“I don’t suppose you got a trace?” Corey asked hopefully.
Holiday shook his head.  “We weren’t so fortunate, not surprisingly.  However, we have another plan in place.  During the call, Mr. Love apologized for missing the meeting, claiming he thought he was being followed.  He has arranged to meet the client again tonight.  Love won’t make it to the appointment, of course.  You will.”
“Any chance this client suspects that Love has been arrested?” asked Jill.
“There’s no reason he should,” said Holiday.  “Love’s explanation was plausible.  In all probability the client will be expecting Love to meet him as planned.”
Corey stood, ready to go.  “What’s the location?”
“The parking garage elevator of a Korean town business park.  The time of the meeting is set for 9 p.m.”
“We get there early and wait for him,” said Bradley.
Holiday shook his head.  “More than likely the client is planning on being there early himself to scope things out.  You will arrive precisely on time.  The mission is simple:  Bring him in.”
“Right,” muttered Amber with a swallow.  “Nothing to it.”
 
IN the locker room Jill paused in front of the glass case housing her uniform.  She stared once again into those reflective eyes.
It was time.
The uniform was very light and flexible.  And, Bear would be glad to know, she had two weapons holstered at her sides.  She carried the visored helmet; no need to put that on until departure.
Jill turned around and saw Amber, also in her new outfit.  Even the armor-plated uniform couldn’t hide that girl’s perfect figure.
“Let’s do this,” said Jill.
“I think I’m ready,” said Amber.  She patted the handguns at her sides.  “Safety’s off.”
Jill was about to tell her to put the safety back on until they were actually on their way.  Then she thought better.  “Nice,” she said.
 
COREY, Bradley, and Amber took their places in one of the department’s black skycars.  Jill mounted her skybike.
They waited.
“How are you feeling?” Jill heard Corey’s voice in her earpiece.  For a second she foolishly thought he was asking her, not Amber.
“Nervous,” said Amber.
“Don’t worry, this one’s a cinch.  It’s an ambush mission—the easiest kind.  And we’re four against one.”
Holiday’s voice came over their earpieces.  Whether he had heard Corey’s comments or not, he began:  “Remember, the client is in all likelihood a very dangerous man.  But we have the element of surprise.  Let’s use it for all it’s worth.  Desiree, are you with us?”
“Hear you loud and clear, sir!” crackled Dizzie’s voice.  “I’ve sent the routes to the vehicle consoles.”
Jill touched the new console the department had installed on her skybike.  A map with automated directions came up.
“Each vehicle will be routed separately,” Dizzie went on, “to keep from attracting attention.  For all we know, this guy will be suspicious; he may have lookouts.  Your vehicle will leave first, Cor.  Your departure time is five minutes.”
It seemed like five hours.  Jill felt perspiration bead on her forehead, felt her heart race beneath the plated armor of her uniform.
“Thirty seconds,” Dizzie’s warning crackled.
She saw Corey and his passengers don their helmets—Corey’s with its silver skull, Bradley’s with its Korean insignias, Amber’s plain black for now like Jill’s.
“Go!”
The black car peeled out of its spot in the garage.  Jill watched until its taillights disappeared around a bend in the tunnel.
“You’ll be ninety seconds behind him, Jill,” said Dizzie.
She looked down into the eyes of her helmet, twin dark reflections of her face.  She turned it around, slipped it over her head.
“Go!”
She kicked her skybike into gear.  At the end of the tunnel, she didn’t wait for the platform to lift her into Pete’s fish cannery.  She jetted straight up the shaft on her own.
They were on their way.


18
 
THE business park was on a ridge at the edge of Korean Town.  The buildings were modern, with strange glass-walled angles and vaulted foyers.  Between the buildings were lawn-covered hills with occasional abstract fountains and gardens along the paths.
At seven o’clock sharp the last wave of businessmen and businesswomen had streamed out of the offices to the central parking garage and driven away in their luxury cars.  Dim light showed from the deserted foyers; lamps cast pools of light on the abandoned parking lots and pathways.
The hooded guy walked along one of the paths at the top of the ridge.  To the east the skyline of the Avenue of Towers jutted against the distant shape of the Home Planet.
He turned up the ridge and made his way toward the parking garage.  He walked across the bottom level of the garage beneath flickering fluorescent lights.
He was careful to make sure the security cameras caught him.
 
“SHERLOCK spotted the client,” Dizzie’s voice buzzed.  “He’s at the garage.  We’re tracking him now.”
“Great,” said Corey.  “We’re around the corner from there.  Let me know if he moves.”
“He’s in the elevator.”
“Then we’ll get a little closer.”
The black car pulled into the bottom level of the garage.  Corey got out, and Bradley took the wheel.
“Wait here unless you hear from me,” Corey told him.
“Okay,” said Bradley.
“Okay,” Amber said at the same time.  Her voice was shaking a little.
Corey approached the elevator, gun drawn.  It was the one loaded with stunners—he kept his other weapon holstered for now.  He pushed the button at the elevator.  The panel above the doors said the elevator was at the seventh and top level at the moment.  That was strange.  It started descending.
When it arrived at the ground level and the doors slid open, the only thing inside the elevator was a small two-way radio.
“He’s on the seventh level,” Dizzie reported.  “That’s not how it’s supposed to work.”
“It never works like it’s supposed to on a mission,” muttered Corey.
“You brought company,” a voice hissed from the radio.  “I told you specifically to come alone.”
Corey took the two-way and did his best Mr. Love impression:  “I panicked, man!  I’ll send ’em away right now.”
“Don’t bother.  Just get up here.”
“Fine, fine.”
Corey got on the elevator and started up.
 
“SOMETHING’S wrong,” Amber whispered nervously.
“Nothing to worry about,” Bradley said blandly.
“He was supposed to be waiting on the elevator.”
“Apparently he’s waiting on one of the upper levels.  No big deal.”
“It still doesn’t seem quite right,” muttered Amber.
“Relax,” said Bradley.
“Where is he, Dizzie?” they heard Corey’s voice asking.
“I lost him,” Dizzie’s voice replied.  “There are only so many cameras...”
The door next to the elevator opened—the door to the stairwell.  A hooded guy walked out.  He had a two-way in his hand.  Two steps out of the door, he froze.  Somewhere in the shadows under his hood, his eyes were locked on Amber and Bradley.
Then he ran—back up the stairs.
“Come on,” Bradley yelled at Amber.  “And draw your weapon!  Corey, we saw him.  He’s in the stairwell.”
“On my way down,” Corey’s voice came in their earpieces.
“We’re headed up,” said Bradley.
“I told you something was wrong!” Amber yelled as they burst into the stairwell.
COREY ran down the switch-back concrete stairs from level seven.  At the second landing, a huge 6 was stenciled on the door.  He whipped down to level five...level four...
He ran into Bradley and Amber on the level three landing.
“He’s got to be out here,” Corey yelled, leading the way out the door onto the third level of the garage.
They saw the hooded guy disappear beyond a concrete column past the second row of parking spaces.
“I should have brought the car up,” hissed Bradley.
“Looks like Jill had the same idea,” said Amber.
 
JILL had waited, as instructed, behind a building fifty yards from the garage.  She was the safety net of the mission.
It didn’t take long for her presence to be required.
She’d gunned into the air along one side of the garage, seeing the hooded guy running across the empty parking spaces of the third level.  She angled her bike over the barrier at the edge of the garage and went after him.  Concrete columns whipped by her on both sides.
She was closing in.
He knew she was closing in.  He got to the end of the level and heaved himself over the edge...
He caught the barrier at the rim of level two and swung himself back into the garage.
It was only a temporary escape.  A moment later Jill had swooped down to level two, right in front of the hooded guy.  She parked, leaped off her bike, leveled her gun at him.
That’s when things got interesting.
 
“ARE you sure they went this way?” Amber asked breathlessly.
“She chased him toward this corner,” said Corey, leading the way as the three of them ran.
They got to the corner.  No one was in sight.
Then they heard voices.
“They’re on the level below us,” Bradley said.
“They’re on the level below you,” Dizzie yelled at the same time.  “They’re outside the security cameras’ view, but I saw them go by.”
Corey ran to the barrier, leaned out, tried to look down to level two.
Wherever Jill and the hooded guy were was out of sight from here.
“We’ve got to get down there,” Corey ordered.
They didn’t go back to the elevator or the stairs.  It was quicker to take the ramp cars used to get between level two and level three.
On their way down they heard the gunshot.
They’d already been running fast; now they ran faster.
 
IN her cubicle at HQ, Dizzie listened in on the mission.  The largest of her monitors had an overhead map of the garage, with blinking lights where the department vehicles and the agents were.  The neighboring screens showed the security cameras’ shots of the garage.
She heard the gunshot too.
She pulled the microphone of her headset close to her mouth.  “Guys?  Is everything all right?”
 
WHEN they got there, the skybike was roaring away.  Jill wasn’t on it.  Jill was alone in a heap on the cold cement floor.
Corey got to her first.
“I’m all right,” she breathed.
“Thank God,” he whispered.
“Thank God!” Dizzie’s voice sounded in their earpieces.
They helped sit her up and took her helmet off.  She looked fine except that her hair was a mess from being tucked into the helmet.  She forced a meager smile.  “I guess he was a quicker draw than I was,” she said weakly.
“The bullet is lodged in your armor,” said Amber, touching the place where the shoulder plate of Jill’s uniform was sharply indented.
“Did it penetrate?” Corey asked.
“Not sure,” said Jill.  “I can’t feel much...”
Amber started unbuckling Jill’s uniform top.
“Man,” moaned Jill, “that’s the second skybike I’ve lost this month.”
“That’s the least of our concerns right now,” said Corey.
“Yeah,” whined Bradley, “this meeting was our only link to Love’s client.”
“Forget the client, Bradley,” shot Amber.  “Jill’s hurt!”
“Dizzie,” Bradley was asking into his mouthpiece, “are you tracking Jill’s skybike?”
“Heading west,” said Dizzie.
Bradley stood to move.
Corey grabbed his arm.  “Leave it,” he said.
“I’ve got to get the car and head after him,” countered Bradley.
“He’s not dumb enough to stay on the bike for long,” said Corey.  “He knows we can track him.”
“Then I’ve got to catch him before he ditches the bike.”
“We’re using the car to bring Jill back to HQ,” Corey said firmly.
Amber had the uniform top off.  Jill’s sleeveless shirt exposed the wound.  The armor had slowed the bullet, but it had still partially penetrated her shoulder.  Jill gritted her teeth and moaned.
“We have a job to do,” said Bradley, jerking his arm away from Corey.
“Some things are more important than the job,” Corey said loudly, standing so his face was inches from Bradley’s as he spoke.
“Bradley Park,” Dizzie’s voice crackled angrily, “you get Jill on that car and you get her back here ASAP, you hear me?  The client has already ditched the bike anyway.  He abandoned it at the edge of the business park.”
“Now that he’s on foot, we can catch him no problem,” said Bradley.
“He’s not on foot,” said Corey.  “He just borrowed Jill’s bike to get back to his own vehicle as quickly as possible.”
“Sherlock can follow him on traffic cams if he stays on main roads—”
“He’s gone, Bradley,” Corey said firmly.  “Let it go.”
Bradley didn’t say anything else.  He also made no move to get the car.
Jill groaned in pain again.
“I’ll get it myself,” Amber said disgustedly.
“I’m not riding back to HQ while he’s getting away,” said Bradley.
“No, you’re not,” said Corey.  “You’re bringing Jill’s skybike back to HQ.”
Bradley frowned.  “Fine.  You don’t want me around, drop me off at the bike and let me ride home by myself.”
“We’re not dropping you off.  It’s not on our way.  Take a hike and get it yourself.”
“I don’t know where—”
“Dizzie can guide you,” said Corey.  He gave him a long, hard look.  “Say, before you head back to HQ, why don’t you look for the client?  Now that he’s on foot you should be able to catch him no problem.”
Jill snickered in the middle of another groan.
 
HER first exposure to the department’s medical facilities should have been a tour.  Unfortunately she was here as a patient first.  Dizzie insisted on being in the examination room with her.  Jill tried to talk her out of it, but she wouldn’t listen.  Jill had to admit she was glad she wouldn’t.
A sour faced balding fellow by the name of Dr. Gordon studied her shoulder through smudged spectacles.  “Superficial wound,” he said with a frown.
Dizzie smiled at her and squeezed her hand.  She seemed even more relieved than Jill was.
“I can treat it against infection,” the doctor continued, “but I can’t make it heal any faster.  No more missions for you for a while, Miss Branch.”
“I guess I can live without getting shot at for a few days,” said Jill.
 
COREY was in the waiting room between the medical facilities and HQ.  He put down the magazine he hadn’t been reading, and stood quickly when Jill reappeared.  “So?”
“So I get a vacation already,” said Jill.
“She’s fine,” Dizzie interpreted.  “Just has to stay home for a while.”
“Wow.  I went on like ten missions before I got a vacation.  What did I do wrong?”
“I guess you were too careful to dodge bullets,” Jill suggested.
He smiled weakly.  “Guess so.”
“Back to your room,” Dizzie said, taking Jill’s arm.
They walked toward the dorms.  Dizzie was acting like Jill’s nurse or mother.  Jill was telling Dizzie what she thought about her acting like her nurse or her mother.  Corey just watched thoughtfully as they disappeared out the door.
Bradley Park showed up in the waiting room a minute later.  “Got the skybike back.  It’s a nice machine, let me tell you.”
“She’s fine, thanks for asking,” said Corey.
Bradley just frowned.  “What’s with you?  You look like something’s bugging you.”
“You are.”
Bradley shrugged.  “That’s normal.  Something else—something that wasn’t bugging you until recently.”
“Maybe,” said Corey, still looking out the door.  He left without another comment.


19
 
IT took a lot of reassurance before Dizzie left Jill’s side.
The first moment Jill was alone in her room, she collapsed into her chair and put her head in her hands.  She was shaking.  It wasn’t just because of the mission, the chase, getting shot.  She was shaking for a lot more than that.
Should she tell them?  Should she tell someone what really happened out there tonight?
Should she tell someone everything?
She took the box out of her closet and dug the picture out.  Again she looked into her own eleven-year-old eyes.
When she looked up she was staring into the mirror above her dresser.
The girl she saw there wasn’t the same girl in the picture.  The girl in the picture was innocent and carefree, hadn’t done the things Jillian Branch had now done...
Her eyes drifted around her room—the room the taxpayers of Anterra were providing for her.  She was a government agent, now.  She was on the right side of the law.
Or so they said.
She’d tried to believe it.  But after what had happened tonight, it was all coming back to her...
She looked at the picture again; in the mirror again; the picture; the mirror.
She didn’t belong here.
There was just one last thing to do.  They had to know.  The director had to know what had really happened on the mission...what had really happened before she ever joined the department.
She would write it out; that might be easier than trying to say it out loud.  She dug in her drawer until she’d found a pen and a pad of paper.
A certain pad of paper...
Wait a second.
She opened the pad.  The first page was still there:
 
Miss Branch,
The office computer of Tanaka Brothers’ Gallery, on the Aurora Bridge Mall, contains a list I should very much like to see.  It is a document entitled HPCAMVEN.  Please copy the document in its entirety onto the subsequent pages of this notepad...
 
This notepad.
Hmm.
 
THE floor of HQ was too busy to notice her appear and make her way down the dark hall toward the room where Sherlock was housed.  Soon she was alone in front of the bulletproof glass doors that guarded his extensive mechanized brain.  She went to the kiosk beside the doors.  It was the only console she knew of where she could be alone.
Alone besides the company of a machine, that is.
“Sherlock?”
“Yes, Jillian Branch?”
It wasn’t unexpected, but it still gave her chills to hear the mechanical voice respond to her.
“You recognize my signature, don’t you?”
“Of course, Miss Branch.”
“I’d like to perform a test.”
“May I inquire as to the reason?”
She’d thought about this, and she was ready with an answer:  “I’m still skeptical about your skills—no offense intended, of course.”
“None taken, Miss Branch.  I am, after all, an unemotional object.”
“Right.  Anyway, maybe it’s just because I’m new here.  I’m not sure.  I’d just like to see another demonstration of your abilities.  The more confident I am that you can do what they say you can do, the more secure I’ll feel doing my job.”
“That is reasonable, Miss Branch.  Please explain the nature of the test.”
“I’d like you to report when you detect my signature being written over the next thirty seconds.”
“Gladly.”
She took a page out of the console printer, as Holiday had done a week ago, and placed it on the flat surface of the console.
Then she took out Sketch’s notepad, careful to obscure it from the security cameras.  She signed her name on the bottom of the page.
Sherlock said nothing.
She signed her name again.
Nothing.
She signed the page from the console printer.
“Your signature was detected approximately three seconds ago.”
The console displayed her signature, as she had signed it on the printer paper.
She signed the notepad again.
Sherlock said nothing more.
She tucked the notepad into her pocket.
“Thanks, Sherlock.”
“Of course, Miss Branch.  How is your shoulder feeling?”
“Fine, thanks.  Gee, for an unemotional object you’re pretty thoughtful.”
“I try.  But I would be amiss if I did not tell you that this demonstration has been overly simple.  If you’d like, I can suggest some other means by which I might prove myself to you.”
“Maybe later.”
“Of course.”
 
SHE was back in her room, with Sketch’s notepad on the desk in front of her.  The letter would have to be a little different than the one she’d originally planned on writing.  For a while she didn’t write anything, just sat thoughtfully.
She got up, locked the door, got herself a drink of water, sat down again, and started writing.
She finally went to bed at about 2 a.m.
 
“I don’t have to tell you how sorry I am for what happened,” said the director.
She’d caught him alone in his office first thing in the morning.  He was kind enough to put aside whatever he’d been working on and offer her the chair across from him.
“All in the line of duty,” said Jill.  She leaned forward on his desk.
“You didn’t waste any time taking a hit for the team.”
“It wasn’t my plan, believe me.”
“Things don’t always go according to plan in this business.”
Jill sat back.  “Not always...but sometimes?”
Holiday nodded slightly.  “Sometimes.”
“You trusted me awfully quickly, didn’t you?”
“Oh, we may have sent you on a mission right away.  But trust you?  I can’t say we did that, entirely.”
“I see.  I’ll have to prove myself.  Somehow.”
Holiday looked at her intently.  “If I know you, you’ll find a way.”
“Working on it.”
The director put his hand in his pocket, and stood.  “Come this way, if you have a moment.”
“Sure.”
He led the way to the side of his office through a door she hadn’t known was there—it looked like a part of the wall until it opened.  Beyond was a short hall, followed by a sitting room of old fashioned tastes.  The room was perfectly tidy except for an old, leather-bound book lying open on the sofa.  Beyond the sitting room she saw another short hallway leading to other rooms.
“I rarely invite female employees into my living quarters,” he said.  “But, then, Sherlock is watching us very closely.”
“You live down here too?” Jill asked.
“I find it easier if I don’t have to commute to work.”
“Same as us.  So how often do you get above the surface?”
“Not often.  Sometimes I go weeks without going outside.”
“That can’t be very healthy.”
“I won’t argue with you.  I’ll be taking a very brief sabbatical as soon as possible.”
“Glad to hear it.”
“You may be surprised to learn that there was a time when I spent practically all my life outdoors.  On the Home Planet, in fact.”
“I thought you were an Anterran native.”
“I’m afraid not, though I got here before you were born.”
Holiday led the way behind the sofa, where several glass-encased frames hung on the wall.  Inside the frames were pinned butterflies of every size, shape, and color.  “This was my former passion.”
“It’s quite a collection.”
“Thank you.  It was years in the making.  I began with the local species in my native England.  Soon, I was travelling around the world in search of others.”
“Why the interest?”
Holiday smiled and answered immediately:  “Metamorphosis.  You’re familiar with the term?”
“I vaguely recall it from school.”
“Nothing compares to the drastic change these creatures undergo from larva to maturity.”  He seemed to be looking at her a little too intently during this part.
She moved the conversation along.  “Why did you come to MS9?”
“That’s a long story, one with which I will not bore you at the moment.  Suffice it to say I’m happier where I am now than I ever was running around the countryside swinging a little net.”
“Still.  It has to be hard, being a nature lover and now living on a completely artificial world.”
Holiday chuckled.  “I was never cut out to be much of a naturalist.”  He gestured toward a particular butterfly in his collection.  It had vivid blue wings edged and veined with black.  “This was always my favorite.  It’s a Cobalt Viceroy.”
“It’s beautiful.”
“I always thought so.  It’s also genetically engineered.  They don’t exist in nature.  Scientists manufactured them in a lab by manipulating the DNA of other species.”
“Oh.”
“It was a failed experiment.  They died moments after emerging from the chrysalis.  This is one the very few preserved specimen.  If I’m ever in a tight spot I can auction it off and retire immediately.”
Jill looked impressed.  “But you keep it.”
He shrugged.  “I happen to like my job.  Besides, I wouldn’t want to part with the specimen.  It reminds me that sometimes what people call a ‘failed experiment’ is actually something incredibly beautiful.”
“You’re a fascinating man, Director Holiday.”
“Tell that to Home Planet Liaison Riley.”
“Maybe I will.  Has he seen your collection?  That might help.”
Holiday shook his head—almost sadly, Jill thought.  “I’m afraid Riley doesn’t share my passion for metamorphosis.”
“I think maybe I do,” Jill told him.
 
IT wasn’t hard to get permission to sign out and go above the surface for the day.  With her injury she wasn’t supposed to work anyway.
From Pete’s Fish Cannery Jill guided her skybike south of the lake.  The voters of Anterra had ordered a sunny day with a few fake feathery clouds.
She cruised into the nicer neighborhoods until she got to a huge shopping mall.  From the entryway she zigzagged up the escalators to the fifth level, and dodged shoppers across the polished floor between shops of chic electronics and the latest clothing fashions.
She came to a row of phone booths behind a jewelry shop.  The last booth had a sign taped to it that said, “Out of order.”  She ignored the sign, picked up the receiver, and dialed a number from memory.
A man’s distorted voice answered in Korean.
“It’s me,” said Jill.
“About time,” the voice replied in English.
“It’s not easy to get away, okay?  I basically had to get shot to come here, as you probably heard.”
“Then I guess you must have some big news for me.”
“You could say that.  But I’m not telling you over the phone.”
“It’s a secure phone.  Sherlock can’t hear us.”
“Still.”
The voice on the other end paused.  “Fine.  We’ll meet in person.”
“Harvest Hotel on the west rim, tonight, 11 p.m., suite 607.”
“You feel more comfortable meeting at a hotel than speaking over a secure line?  Hotels are full of eyes and ears.”
“Not this one.  Believe me.”
“If you say so.  You ought to at least give me a little information, being as you’ve waited so long to contact me.”
“See you tonight,” she said, and hung up.  She left the phone booth.
Someone in a high collared coat and a cap pulled low over his face was on the phone in the booth next to hers.  Jill didn’t bother looking his direction.


20
 
IT was late afternoon when Amber, Dizzie, and Bradley walked into the coffee shop near the Aurora Bridge.  Corey was already there waiting for them at a booth in the corner.
“You look as happy as a kid on the first day of school,” Dizzie observed unsympathetically.
“Have a seat,” Corey said somberly.
He’d invited the three of them to join him here for some relaxation on their day off.  Apparently that had only been a ruse; there were obviously deeper purposes for this get-together.
“Is Jill coming?” asked Amber.
Corey ignored her.  He launched into what he had to say without giving them time to order drinks.  “The department has been compromised.”
That got their attention.  They waited for him to elaborate.
“I invited you all here so we could talk somewhere privately.  I can’t let Sherlock hear what I’m about to tell you.  We don’t know who has access to Sherlock right now.  I started to suspect something the night I brought Amber and Jill to the cannery entrance.”
“Someone was watching us,” Amber remembered.
“We tried to catch him,” Corey reminded her.  “Jill insisted she go after him directly, while you and I doubled back to trap him.”
Amber looked puzzled.  “You’re saying Jill let him get away?”
“She knew who he was?” asked Bradley.
Dizzie squirmed in her seat, saying nothing.
“I can’t prove it,” admitted Corey, “but it’s not illogical to assume.  I didn’t think anything of it at the time.  But that spy isn’t the only person who’s managed to avoid us lately.”
“Mr. Love’s client last night,” said Bradley.
“Exactly.  And it was the same in that case.   Who was the one who actually encountered the client?”
“Jill,” Amber whispered.
Dizzie squirmed even more.
“Remember,” said Corey, “Jill had chased him one level below us at the parking garage.  We heard them talking.  By the time we got there, he was gone.”
“You think she let him get away too?” asked Amber skeptically.  “Why would she want to do that?”
“Because she’s working with someone on the outside—someone who wants to know the department’s secrets.”
Even Bradley, whose low opinion of Jill was no secret, still seemed unconvinced.  “She did get shot, remember?”
“What better way to appear innocent?”
“So,” Amber said skeptically, “she sees this guy, figures out he’s working for the same people she’s working for, says, ‘Hey, shoot me to make it look like I tried to catch you and you escaped.’”
“Something like that,” said Corey.
“We did hear them talking to each other before the shot,” put in Bradley.
“We couldn’t hear what they said,” insisted Amber.
“Dizzie,” asked Corey, “could you hear what they were saying?”
Slowly, Dizzie shook her head.  “I...didn’t even know they talked to each other.”
“You see the problem, don’t you?” Corey asked them.  “Dizzie was running com on the mission.  The only way she wouldn’t hear them is if Jill purposely disconnected her microphone.”
“Unless her microphone just malfunctioned, or something,” said Amber.
“Why do you keep defending her?” said Bradley.  “Corey’s right.  These are suspicious circumstances.  It’s all good that you like Jill, but you can’t let personal feelings get in the way of something like this.”
“Personal feelings!” burst Amber, jumping to her feet.
The other clientele of the coffee shop glanced awkwardly in her direction.
She took a deep breath and sat back down, but she was obviously still steamed.  “Don’t lecture me about emotions getting in the way of clear thinking,” she whispered fiercely at Bradley.  “We know all too well how you feel about half-bloods like Jill!  You’ve wanted her out of the department since the moment you set eyes on her, regardless of whether she’s guilty of anything.”
Bradley looked sourly away.
“She’s right,” said Corey.
Bradley shot an accusing look at Corey.  “Hey, I’m on your side, here!”
“My side,” Corey said firmly, “is not just to get rid of Jill.  My side is to find the truth.  Keep your prejudices out of this.”
“Speaking of prejudices,” retorted Bradley, “we all know you’ve had it in for Jill yourself!  Don’t act like we don’t know the history between you two.”
“It’s true,” said Amber.  “Not to bring up bad memories, Corey, but you may have some emotional bias here, too.  We need evidence, not speculation.”
“You’re right.  And I have evidence.”
“What evidence?” Dizzie asked nervously.
Corey took a small black box out of his coat pocket.  “This is an old audiocassette recorder,” he said.  “I borrowed it from Dino’s lab.  Sherlock can’t hear what’s recorded on it.  Since I was suspicious, I followed Jill when she went out this morning.  She went to a public phone booth.  Listen for yourselves.”
He pressed play, and the scratchy audio began to emerge from the speaker.
“It’s me...It’s not easy to get away, okay?  I basically had to get shot to come here, as you probably heard...You could say that.  But I’m not telling you over the phone...Still...Harvest hotel on the west rim, tonight, 11 p.m., suite 607...Not this one.  Believe me...See you tonight.”
Corey stopped the tape.
No one said anything for a long moment.
“But...but if she was talking at a public phone booth,” Amber said after a minute, “Sherlock should have heard.”
“I checked Sherlock’s records,” said Corey.  “He wasn’t aware of this conversation.  The phone booth Jill used had a sign on it that said it was out of order.  Apparently it’s part of a phone network used by the criminal underground.”
Now even Amber looked convinced.  “This phone conversation...it may not be what it seems,” she said, but she seemed doubtful even of herself.  “We don’t know what Jill was talking about, or who she was talking to.”
“You’re right, technically,” said Corey.  “But it’s enough evidence to have me worried.”
“So what do we do?” asked Dizzie, who still looked very uncomfortable.
“We have the advantage,” said Bradley.  “We know where this meeting is taking place.  We go there ahead of time, set up surveillance.”
Corey shook his head.  “I scoped out this hotel this morning.  It’s in an abandoned neighborhood.  No one’s been in those upper story suites for ages.  The dust is so thick it’s like snow.  If we work on the scene ahead of time, they’ll know for sure we’ve been there.”
“So we follow her,” said Dizzie, “and catch them red-handed.”
“Right,” said Corey.
“Shouldn’t we tell the director about this?” Amber said through a frown.
“We can’t,” said Corey, “or Sherlock will know.  And if Sherlock knows what we’re up to, Jill will know too.  Whoever she’s working for has access to Sherlock just like the rest of us.”
“We could find a way to tell him without Sherlock overhearing, couldn’t we?” said Bradley.
“We can’t take that chance.  This is up to us.”
“So that’s why she joined the department in the first place,” Amber said quietly.  “She’s selling secrets.”
“Apparently,” said Corey.  “Think about it:  If the Anterran criminal underground has access to Sherlock, the department is crippled.  And who knows how they could use him!”
“Then tonight can’t get here soon enough,” said Bradley.
 
IN fact, tonight took quite a while to get there.
The waiting seemed almost unbearable.  Amber avoided Jill for the rest of the day.  So did Corey.  Bradley always avoided Jill, so that was nothing new.
Only Dizzie seemed not to shun Jill’s company.  She still went next door to visit her and ask her about her shoulder, and sat with her in the caf for dinner.
Then it was time.  Finally.
They met in the garage at 10 p.m.  They were in full uniform.  Amber’s mask was newly enameled with the figure of the mythical bird which matched her last name.
“Don’t you think Sherlock is wondering what we’re up to?” asked Bradley.  “He’s got to notice that we’re heading out on a mission even though there’s no mission scheduled.”
“It doesn’t matter,” said Corey, his voice tinny and electronic behind his mask.  “Jill has already left HQ.  She has no way to see what we’re doing now, whether Sherlock is suspicious or not.  You there, Dizzie?”
“Here,” Dizzie’s voice came in their earpieces.  “The map to the hotel should be on your screen in a second.”
It was a long, silent drive.
 
THE Harvest Hotel was in one of the abandoned neighborhoods near the west rim.  The only lights for several blocks in any direction were the street lamps.  Corey parked in an alley behind a trash bin two blocks away.
The streets were eerily silent, like a ghost town.  The sounds and lights of the inhabited regions of the city seemed strangely distant.
They went through the grimy glass doors of the hotel and switched on low flashlight beams when they got into the empty lobby.  Graffiti, dirt, and broken glass were everywhere.  The furniture was torn and dusty.
They ducked behind a half-wall across the lobby.  From here they had a full view of the room and the front doors.  It was 10:26 p.m.
They waited.
 
AT seven minutes before 11 p.m., Jill parked her skybike in an alley a half mile from the Harvest Hotel.  Near one end of the alley was the rear entrance to the Ace of Hearts Pawn Shop, which closed daily at 5 p.m.
She couldn’t remember the last time a lock had been easier to pick.
Jill waded through the shop’s claustrophobic displays until she came to a storage room.  Behind rows of metal shelves, a corner of the cement floor had been cleared of clutter.  In the corner stood an old cabinet.  On the cabinet sat an old television—really old, with a bubbling-out gray screen and round dials protruding from wooden panels on one side.  On top of the old television sat an old video camera.  Its lens stared at Jill like a Cyclops’ eye.
The gray screen flickered to life.  She saw the silhouette of a man.  Behind him were the shelves and cabinet doors of what was apparently a small office.
“Finally,” the man’s voice grated through the old television speakers, “we meet face to face, Jillian Branch.”
 
IT was 11:03.  No sign of Jill yet.  No sign of anyone or anything at all in the littered lobby of the Harvest Hotel.
Amber squirmed impatiently.  “I think we’re in the wrong place.  Could we be in the wrong place?”
“We’re not in the wrong place,” said Corey.  “Just wait.”
“You’re in the wrong place,” Dizzie’s voice came suddenly in their earpieces.
“What?” said Bradley.
Dizzie heaved a sigh.  “I wanted to tell you before.  Believe me!  Director Holiday wouldn’t let me.”
“What are you talking about?” Corey demanded.
“Get to your car.  I’m uploading new directions onto your screen.  And hurry, will you?”
 
“THIS does not count as meeting face to face,” Jill said to the camera and television.  “Number one, I can’t even see your face.  Number two, even if I could, you’re still just on TV.”
“You don’t sound pleased to finally meet me,” the silhouette on the screen said with mock sorrow.  “Nevertheless, for my part I am pleased to finally meet you.”
“Oh, and number three, I doubt I’m even hearing your actual undistorted voice.  I still don’t think we can say we’ve officially met.”
“Well, perhaps not, then.  We will save that for another occasion.”
“That occasion was supposed to be right now.  You were supposed to be here in person.  What’s the deal?”
“The ‘deal’ is simply that I could not risk allowing you to really see and hear me at this point.  In fact, I cannot allow you to even give me a report of your findings.  You have been compromised, you see.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Your friends in the department have been following you, Jillian.  We dare not speak of anything important at all.”
“If you think I’ve been tailed here, you should have cancelled our meeting altogether.  Why go to the trouble to set up this TV and camera?”
“To warn you, Jillian.  To help you understand that you are not being careful enough.  And by the way, I do not think you have been tailed.  I know it.”
“Look, I’m aware that department employees have been spying on me.”
“Oh?  You don’t sound bothered in the least.”
“Someone overheard our first phone conversation this morning.  Why do you think I changed the meeting place?  They still think we’re meeting at the Harvest Hotel.”
“I suppose you are referring to your young teammates,” said the man on the television.  “I, actually, am not.”
Jill paused.  “What are you saying?”
“I’m saying, Jillian, that there are far more hounds on your tail than you ever knew.”
“What?”
“Hello, Jillian,” a familiar voice came from behind her.
“Goodbye, Jillian,” the distorted voice came from the TV.  The screen went blank.
Jill turned and faced Director Holiday.  His smirk was more triumphant than she’d ever seen.


21
 
“HOW did you know?” asked Jill.
“A moment,” said Holiday.  “Let’s wait until the others arrive.”
“The others?”
As if on cue, Corey, Amber, and Bradley walked into the storage room.  Corey’s helmet was off.  If looks could kill, it would have been an instantaneous and painless death for Jill.
“I don’t think,” said the director, “that we are the ones who owe an explanation.”
Jill looked at the cement floor at her feet.
“Tell us about it,” said Amber.  Her expression couldn’t decide whether to be hurt or enraged.
“Spare no details,” said Bradley, who looked more pleased than anything else.  But Jill wouldn’t know that.  She was still looking down.
During the long explanation that followed, she didn’t glance up even once.
 
HAD it only been two weeks ago?  It seemed more like a lifetime...
Jill had nabbed the info from the Tanaka Brothers’ Gallery.  She parked on the street a block away from the tall, round building, and walked toward it.  Behind one of those glowing windows on the twenty-third floor, the one called Sketch was waiting for her.
She paused half a block away from the high rise.
The thought had been pushing its way further and further to the front of her mind.
Maybe she should have accepted Holiday’s offer.
In the notepad in her backpack was the list.  She’d stolen it from people she didn’t know.  She was bringing it to a man she didn’t know, who wanted it for reasons she didn’t know.
She’d called Holiday’s offer ridiculous.  And it was.
More ridiculous than being a pawn for criminals who couldn’t care less whether you live or die once they’ve done with you?
It was a long time before Jill started walking again.  And when she did, it was away from the high rise.  She got back on her skybike and headed for home.
Someone was waiting for her in her living room.  Beneath his hood she could make out handsome Korean features.  He didn’t greet her, didn’t even get up from her couch.  He just said, “Don’t be alarmed.”
It was about two seconds two late for that.  But suppressing emotions was something Jill was good at.  She set her backpack on the table and went to the fridge to grab a bottle of water.  “Drink?” she asked.  “Or did you help yourself, as long as you’d broken into my place?”
“I think you know why I’m here.”
“Sketch sent you.”
“You bailed out on the job.”
“I got spooked,” she lied.  “Someone was watching me.  I didn’t want to blow our cover.”
“We were watching you.”
“And you came back here when you saw I was leaving?  You must have put the pedal to the metal.  You beat me here, and I’m not exactly a slow driver.”
“I’m here to make you another offer.”
“I already have another offer, thanks.”
“We know.  That’s why I’m here.”
Jill regarded him thoughtfully.  “Go on.”
The young Korean pulled back his hood.  “You’ve been in contact with a government department—a department no one is supposed to know exists.”
“Well.  You have your connections, don’t you?”
“We do.  But we could use another.”
“What are you saying?”
“Our source inside the department has not been as helpful as we had hoped.  We would like another inside man.”
“Or inside woman,” Jill guessed.
He nodded.  “Accept the department’s offer.  Join them.  Learn all you can about them.  Report back to us.”
“Why?”
He smiled.  “Simple.  We’re taking down the department.”
“So I’d be a double agent.  Sounds dangerous!” she whispered in phony amusement, flopping down on the other end of the couch.  “I suppose you’d be offering me quite a bit for the job.”
“That’s correct.  The more you tell us, the greater your compensation will be.”
“Okay.  I’m in.”
The guy looked at her skeptically.  “Just like that, you agree?”
“I agree to give it a shot.”
“A shot?”
“Right.  I mean, yeah, the department recruited me.  But I doubt their offer still stands.  I don’t know if you heard, but I kind of snubbed them by breaking out of jail and everything.”
“But you will try to convince them that you will join them?”
“Sure.  It probably won’t work.  If it does, I’ll get back to you.  By the way, how do I get back to you?”
That’s when the guy told her about the “Out of order” public phone at the mall.  She memorized the number to call to reach Sketch.  Jill told the guy she figured that was all they needed to talk about at the moment; in other words, time for him to leave.  He did.
Later that night, Jill headed out to a classy hotel near the west rim—not far from the Harvest, in fact.  Off the lobby was a row of empty payphone cubicles.  She took out a screwdriver, opened the inner workings of one of the phones, and made some personal modifications including the addition of a device she’d brought along.  Then she dialed.
A few seconds of canned music played on the other end of the line.  Then:
“Anterran Governmental Complex.  How may I direct your call?”
By the end of the conversation, Holiday had told her:  “Take it or leave it, Jillian.  If you’d like us to extend our offer one last time, demonstrate your worth one last time.  It’s only reasonable.”
It was.  And she did.
 
AMBER ran a hand through her blonde hair and sighed.  “That’s why you joined.  You’re Sketch’s spy.”
Corey still had that same cold look.  “Mr. Love’s client,” he said.  “It was the same guy who recruited you for Sketch, wasn’t it?”
Jill smiled wryly.  “I figured you might have caught on to that.”
 
THAT had only been a day ago.
Jill had waited on her skybike, as instructed, behind a building fifty yards from the office park’s parking garage.  She was the safety net of the mission.
It didn’t take long for her presence to be required.
She’d gunned into the air along one side of the garage, seeing the hooded guy running across the empty parking spaces of the third level.  She angled her bike over the barrier at the edge of the garage and went after him.  Concrete columns whipped by her on both sides.
She was closing in.
He knew she was closing in.  He got to the end of the level and heaved himself over the edge...
He caught the barrier at the rim of level two and swung himself back into the garage.
It was only a temporary escape.  A moment later Jill had swooped down to level two, right in front of the hooded guy.  She parked, leaped off her bike, leveled her gun at him.
That’s when things got interesting.
She switched off the microphone in her helmet.  “What are you doing here?” she hissed.
The same Korean face she’d seen at her apartment two weeks earlier was smiling out at her from beneath the hood.  “The mask will do you no good,” he said.  “I know who you are...Jillian Branch.  I bring greetings from Sketch.”
She lowered her weapon and tugged off her helmet.  “What are you doing here?” she repeated.
“Meeting Mr. Love—or so I planned.”
“Don’t give me that.  I know you have another source inside the department.  You knew we had Love.  You knew he’d eventually give you away.  You knew there would be a mission tonight, and you knew I’d be on it.”
“Perhaps I did.  Perhaps I’ve been sent to remind you to hold up your end of the deal.”
“We haven’t made a deal yet.  You were supposed to wait for me to make contact.”
“We’ve waited quite a while.  Sketch is getting impatient.”
“Give me some time.”
“We’ll give you a little.  Meanwhile, it’s time for me to be getting back.  Your friends will be arriving any moment.  But of course, we can’t let them know we work together!”  The hooded guy drew his own gun.  “We’ll make it look like I escaped, what do you say?”  He aimed at her shoulder.  “Don’t worry; I hear the armor in these uniforms is very strong.”
The shot’s impact knocked her over.
When Corey, Amber and Bradley got there, the skybike was roaring away.  Jill wasn’t on it.  Jill was alone in a heap on the cold cement floor.
 
THE storage room of the Ace of Hearts was silent for several long moments.
“You let him get away on purpose,” breathed Amber.
“You nailed it, Corey,” said Bradley.
“What about when Corey showed us the fish cannery exit?” Amber said at length.  “The guy we saw spying...was that him too?”
“Maybe,” said Jill.  “I never saw him.  He got away fair and square that time.”
“This is all really interesting,” said Bradley, “but could we talk about it later?  Like back at HQ, with Jill in handcuffs?”
“A rather good idea,” said Holiday.  He took a set of cuffs from a pocket inside his coat, and handed them to Corey.  “Would you mind?” he asked.
Slowly, solemnly, Corey took the cuffs.
“Why?” Amber asked Jill weakly.  “Why’d you do it?”
Jill didn’t answer.
“What would you expect from a half-blood?” Bradley muttered.
Corey’s punch came so quickly that no one knew it had happened until Bradley was sprawling into a storage shelf.  The impact knocked several tacky figurines onto the floor.  Bradley ended up on his seat among the broken pieces.  There was shock written in his eyes as he rubbed his face and looked up at Corey.
But Corey wasn’t looking at him anymore.  Corey was staring with questioning eyes at Jill.  Then he cuffed her hands behind her back.
“See you at HQ,” Holiday said, expressionless, and left the room.
Corey and Amber escorted Jill out.  Bradley stumbled two paces behind them.
No one seemed to notice that the little red light on the video camera over the television was still on.
 
A minute later Jill was in the backseat between Amber and Bradley.  Corey had just started the car when Holiday’s voice came over the car’s com:
“Desiree, did you get it?”
“Sure, I got it!” Dizzie reported.
“Got what?” asked Corey.
Amber noticed Jill’s face.  “Hey, what are you smiling about?”
“There’s actually just a little more to my story,” said Jill.


22
 
WHEN he got back to HQ, Holiday headed straight to Dino’s lab.  “I’m not interrupting anything?”
“Not really,” said the funny little man.  “Just checking out these VCRs we got from Love’s clients.  I’m still trying to get them to work so we can use them at the trial.  What can I do for you, Mr. H?”
“I need your help on a matter, if it won’t inconvenience you.”
“Not at all.”
“This way, please.”
 
BETWEEN songs on his phonograph, the boss heard a noise.  It sounded like it was coming from out in the arcade.  But the arcade had been closed since midnight.  
He grabbed his gun and opened his office door a crack.
All game areas and consoles had been switched off.  The arcade was dark except for streetlights glowing through the painted windows.
The boss heard another sound.  He opened the door a little more, and leaned out for a better peek with his one good eye.
He saw a glow coming from up a ramp in one corner.  He’d forgotten to turn one of the games off.
...Or someone had turned it back on.
 
“UM, no offense, Mr. H, but I don’t have to go.  Even if I did, I’d rather go alone.”
Holiday didn’t reply.  He led Dino into the men’s restroom at the back of HQ, then into the janitor’s closet at the back of the men’s restroom.
 
THE boss hesitated.  The custodians weren’t scheduled to be here for another four hours...though when they got here they’d be plenty busy; candy wrappers, popcorn bits, cigarette butts, even coins littered the carpet.
So who turned the game on?
The boss leveled his gun and moved cautiously toward the glow.
As he got closer he saw it was one of his oldest consoles, an invaluable antique.  It glowed and chimed an electronic tune while blocky letters asked him or anyone else around to insert coin(s) to play.
 
ON a shelf in the janitor’s closet in the restroom was a telephone.  A really old telephone.  It had a rotary dial on its bulky base, and a hefty receiver perched on top.
“You know what this is, I presume?” Holiday asked.
Dino scratched his head.  “What it is, yeah.  What it’s doing here, no.”
“It’s here so someone can make calls,” said Holiday.  “Calls that Sherlock doesn’t know about.”
Dino chuckled.  “If someone wanted to make a call from this thing, it would have to be hooked up to—”
Holiday turned the bulky phone around, and showed Dino the phone wire plugged into the back.
Dino whistled.  “Still,” he said, “unless there’s a switchboard or something at the other end, and other old phones routed into the switchboard...”
“This wire has been fed through the wall,” said Holiday.  “I haven’t yet searched to find where it leads.”
“So is that why you need my expertise?  I do know a little about these things.”
“I never said I needed your expertise.”
“You said you needed—”
“Your help.”
Dino’s eyes shifted uncertainly.  “What sort of help?”
“A confession, ideally,” said Holiday.
 
THE boss didn’t approach the game console.  Someone was baiting him.  He knew it.  And he wasn’t taking the bait.
Sure enough, he heard a gunshot.  A bullet—or, if he wanted to be optimistic, a stunner—whizzed by him and cracked into the screen of another priceless game console.
The boss ducked around the snack counter to an exit.  He was in a passage along the side of the building.  He ran on old patterned carpet beneath dimmed lights glowing from along the ceiling.
Another gunshot behind him.
He ducked and whirled, firing his own shot.
Cops—at least they were dressed something like cops.  He thought he saw three of them.  One had the Korean taegeuk and trigrams on his mask.  They leaped out of the hall and back into the arcade as the boss fired again.
He took his opportunity.  He ran the remaining distance up the passage and through a door to the back stairway of the building.
There were only three floors.  He skipped the second, got to the third.
The cops were still close behind.
 
“YOU think I put this phone here?”
“I know you put this phone here,” said Holiday.  “How else were you going to call your contact—the man who calls himself Sketch?”
Dino was sweating majorly now.  “What are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about the fact that you’re spying on our department for a criminal ring.  You have access to Sherlock—which means the man who calls himself Sketch now has access to Sherlock through you.”
Dino sputtered.  “I don’t know what you mean.”
“Maybe this will trigger your memory.”  Holiday reached behind a caddy of cleaning supplies on another shelf, and pulled out an old audiocassette recorder.
“Hey, that belongs in my lab,” said Dino.
“We needed it,” said Holiday with a shrug.  “How else were we going to eavesdrop on your phone conversations without Sherlock knowing about it?”
Dino swallowed.
“Desiree was kind enough to rig this for me yesterday,” Holiday went on.  “It can be remotely switched on and off.  Of course, a lot of what we’ve recorded over the last twenty-four hours is useless.  Apparently sometimes when you went to the men’s room, you were just...going to the men’s room.”
 
THE third floor hallway above the arcade was lined with office suites.  The only light was from the exit signs at either end of the hall.
The boss heard the cops coming up the stairs behind him.
He ran for the other end of the hall.  Maybe he could double back down the other stairwell, and—
He didn’t see the kick until he was feeling it.  He rebounded from the blow, lifted his gun.
Another kick sent his weapon flying out of his hand.
He was unarmed and staring into a mask enameled with a flaming red emblem.
He took two more blows in two more seconds before he decided to retreat.  The other two cops, or whoever they were, had now appeared in the hall.  The boss started trying the doors to the office suites.  All were locked, of course.
...Except one.
The boss dashed into the reception area for First Anterran Family Insurance, Korean Town branch, and locked the door behind him.  Then he lunged into the largest office beyond the reception area.
They were pounding on the door to the suite.
The boss looked at the large window behind the insurance rep’s desk.  Down below was a grassy courtyard complete with trees and a pond.  Beyond that were the Korean neighborhoods he’d disappear into as soon as he got through the window—assuming the three-story fall didn’t kill or cripple him.  But he had no other choice.
Then a light flooded over him from outside the window.
The light got closer.
Closer.
Gunshots sounded from outside the window.  The glass pane was suddenly webbed with cracks.
The light got even closer.
The boss dove for cover as a skybike soared into the office.  He was bathed in the headlight, showered with shards of what had been the window a second ago.
 
DINO looked at the floor of the closet.  “So, you know...everything,” he muttered.  It wasn’t a question.
“Everything,” said Holiday.
The funny little man heaved a funny little sigh.  “How?”
“Jillian Branch.”  The director handed Dino an envelope—the envelope Jill had first stealthily handed him in his office recently.
 
THE boss scooted back into the corner, looking in vain for something to grab and use as a weapon.
Someone slid off the bike that had just creatively arrived in the office.  Now that the headlight wasn’t in his eyes the boss saw the vivid blue butterfly insignia on the visor.
“Should I tell you the charges, Sketch?” a mechanically distorted voice asked the boss.  “Or can we just assume you already know what they are?”
 
DINO started reading the letter:
 
Dear Director,
I’m writing to you on very illegal, very non-digital paper.  I received this paper from a client before I joined the department.  The fact is, I can’t tell you what I’m about to tell you in any way that Sherlock might overhear.  I’m afraid Sherlock has been compromised...
 
He stopped reading.  “Just give me the Reader’s Digest version, will you?”
“Jill already knew there was a traitor in our department.  She’d known that since the day she got here; Sketch’s stooge had told her they already had an inside source.  It didn’t take her long to figure out it was you.  Who else would have the resources and knowhow to share department secrets in ways that couldn’t be traced by Sherlock?”
Dino half-smiled.  “And to think I was about to get out of that gig.  I suppose they suspected, and that’s why they needed another insider.  I wasn’t willing to help them quite as much as they wanted.  They were planning to take down the whole department, you know.”
“Do you think they would have let you live if you’d jumped ship?”
“They would have had to.  I’m safe down here.”
“Maybe,” Holiday said inconclusively.
Dino frowned.  “Believe me, Mr. H, I’d help you catch the guy myself at this point.  But he’s cut off communication with me.”
“It makes little difference.  Any moment now he will be arriving here in the hands of our agents.”
Dino raised his eyebrows.
“Jill had more to say in this letter than the fact that you were a traitor,” said Holiday.  “She had a plan to prove it—and catch the one you’d been working for while we were at it.”  Holiday pressed play on the audiocassette player.
Dino heard his voice on the tape:  “...Sure, I can set up a closed-circuit camera...Yes, just name the place...Ace of Hearts Pawn Shop, 11 p.m. tonight.  You got it.  It’ll be set by ten at the latest.”
Dino reached over and stopped the cassette player himself.  “How does that help you?  Sherlock can’t pick up a closed-circuit camera signal.”
“Unless someone knows the camera is going to be used for such a purpose,” said Holiday, “and rigs the camera to send a feed to Sherlock.”
“Not to mention trace the original feed to see who’s receiving it,” Dino guessed.
Holiday smiled.  “Desiree’s help again.  When you’re going to use your lab equipment for treachery, you really shouldn’t leave it lying around for us to tamper with first.”
“Dizzie’s good at this stuff, huh?  Maybe she should take my place.”
“Someone’s going to have to, being as you’ll be in jail.”  Holiday picked up the old phone’s receiver and touched a mechanism attached to the mouthpiece.  “Don’t tell me you made yourself sound like a woman?”
Dino looked more sheepish than he had at any point yet in this conversation.  “Hey, so long as it wasn’t my voice being heard on the other end of the line, who cares?”
“I’d ask why you did it, Dino, but I already know it was money.”
“Lots of it.”
“And you’ll be doing lots of time for it.  Of course, a little cooperation might go a long way in that regard.”
“It sounds like you already know everything.  What more do you want from me?”
Holiday pointed to the phone.  “Tell me more about this.”
 
THE floor of HQ became a standing ovation as the team of four agents entered from the garage.  A handcuffed and blindfolded prisoner stood between them.
“Here you are,” Jill whispered from behind her mask, her distorted voice buzzing softly in the boss’s ear.  “You’ve wanted to know all about this place for a while.  Now you’re here in person.  Welcome.”
“A pleasure,” he muttered.  “At least take off this blindfold so I can enjoy it.
“I didn’t think you’d mind it so much,” said Corey’s mask.  “You’re always half blindfolded anyway.”
The prisoner found that humorous enough to sneer.  Just sneer.
 
HOLIDAY sat in his office again.  He didn’t see his field team arrive with the prisoner in custody.  He didn’t hear the applause at their arrival.
His attention was on the end of Jill’s letter.  He’d read it several times, and now he was reading it again.  He would probably read it again after that.
He gave a long sigh.


23
 
HALF an hour later they were meeting in the conference room off the garage.
“Thanks to the diligence of each one of you,” said Holiday, “we’ve apprehended a very crooked ringleader.  Capturing him was a tremendous step forward for this department.  As much as we owe Jillian a great debt of thanks for concocting the plan of Sketch’s apprehension, we owe perhaps even more gratitude to Corey, Bradley, and Amber, who were not let in on the plan until the very last moment.  In fact, Corey’s devotion to keeping our department safe nearly foiled Jill’s plan.”
“You’re welcome,” said Corey with a half-smile.
Amber looked puzzled.  “You said Corey, Bradley, and me...”  She shot a look toward Dizzie.
Dizzie smiled sheepishly.  “I wanted to tell you!” she burst.  “I wanted to soooo bad, you have no idea!”
“I think we have some idea,” Bradley muttered.
“Director Holiday threatened to kill me and cut up my dead body into little pieces if I told.”
That got the director a set of looks.  He just shook his head with a roll of his eyes.
“Well, okay, not exactly,” admitted Dizzie.  “But, you know, something along those lines.”
Holiday cleared his throat and continued:  “From the moment Jillian slipped me the letter written on Sketch’s notepaper, I decided as few people as possible must know about the plan.  We chose to include Desiree because, of course, she would be running com on the mission.  Also, her technical skills were invaluable in obtaining proof of Dino’s treachery.  Her ability to keep the matter to herself for nearly twenty-four hours was very admirable—perhaps nothing short of miraculous.”
Dizzie smiled widely.
“And speaking of Dino,” Holiday continued, “he has agreed to cooperate with the department by telling us everything he knows about Sketch’s ring.  The telephone Dino was using is part of a large telecommunications network created by the Anterran criminal underground to avoid Sherlock’s listening ears.  An extensive investigation of this network is in order.”
“Let me guess,” said Corey, “our team will be in charge of that investigation?”
“Perhaps,” said Holiday.  “That decision is for another time.  For now, enjoy a couple of days off to celebrate your success.”
That brought a few whoops and high fives—from everyone but Jill, that is.  When Holiday dismissed them, Jill slipped out quietly before anyone else.
...A fact that wasn’t lost on Corey.
 
“WELL, it looks like you were right after all,” said Home Planet Liaison Riley.  He didn’t actually seem that unhappy.  Holiday thought Riley would cut off one of his own fingers before willingly admitting that he’d been wrong and Holiday had been right.
Ironically, Holiday was the unhappy one.  He hardly seemed to be listening.  “Looks like,” he said.  He wasn’t looking at Riley.  He was looking at a letter lying on his desk.
“Something wrong?” asked Riley.  “I thought you’d be gloating the minute I walked in.”
As if finally realizing he had a visitor in his office, Holiday folded the letter, sat back in his chair, and said:  “We don’t all gloat every time we’re right about something, Riley.  Some of us are more used to it than others.”
Riley ignored the jab.  “Jillian Branch just helped nab one of the biggest criminal ring leaders in Anterra.  She’s proven herself.  Isn’t that what you wanted?”
Holiday smiled mirthlessly.  “I guess we both got something we wanted tonight.  I wanted Jill to prove herself.  You wanted her out of the department.”
Riley blinked.  “What are you saying?”
“I’m saying she’s resigned,” said Holiday.  He stood as if to say goodbye.  The conversation was obviously over.
Riley had a puzzled look on his tight facial features as he left the office.
Outside the back entrance to the office, Corey Stone finally pulled his ear away from the cracked-open door.  “No, Jill...” he whispered.
 
JILL took a minute to look around her room.  It had felt like home the moment she stepped into it.  It still felt like home.
Home was the hardest place to leave.
She took in a deep breath, released it slowly, and walked out.
It was two in the morning.  The dorms were silent.  So was the lounge.  So was the hallway.
Not the elevator lobby.
Corey Stone sat in a chair next to the elevator call button.  “Where do you think you’re going?”
Jill kept her face expressionless.  “What difference does it make to you?”
Corey stood and leaned against the wall...in front of the call button.  “Don’t do it, Jill.”
She cleared her throat.  “Look, it’s not what you think.”
“You think I still think you’re a traitor?  I don’t.  Believe me, I know what you’re about to do, and I’m warning you: don’t.”
She gave him an accusing look.  “You’ve been talking to the director, haven’t you?”
Corey didn’t answer.  He just stood there with his arms crossed.
Jill sighed.  “Remember what I told you when I first came back here?” she said quietly.  “The minute I stepped out of line again...”
“You’d be the first one to bring yourself back to jail.  Yeah, I remember.  Do you remember what else you told me that day?  You said that if we all went behind bars if we deserved it, I should be in the cell next to yours.”
“Then come on down and turn yourself in with me.”
He shook his head.  “I can’t let you do this.  Stay here.  There’s more work to do, Jill.”
She wasn’t listening to him.  Her eyes drifted.  “You always tell yourself you’re not hurting anyone,” she said softly.  Corey was hearing her, but she wasn’t exactly talking to him.  Or to anyone.  “You always tell yourself what you’re doing is not really that bad.  But in the end, you can’t escape the fact that you’re part of something—”  She searched for the right word.  “Something evil.  Small part or big part, it doesn’t matter.”  Her eyes still looked beyond Corey, beyond the room, beyond the present.
She thought of a fifteen-year-old boy with red hair and desperate eyes...
As if finally remembering where she was, her eyes looked back into Corey’s.   “I’m turning myself in, Corey.  I don’t belong here.  It’s time I paid for everything I did in the past.  It’s the only logical thing to do.”
Corey met her gaze.  “There’s more to this place than that kind of logic.”
She didn’t know what to say to that.
Corey stepped toward her.  “We need you, Jill.  The department needs you.”
“I came here as a traitor.”
He scoffed.  “If you were really a traitor to our department, you wouldn’t have saved it.”
“I came here as a spy for Sketch,” she said.  “It was an errand.”
“You were already planning on joining the department, even before Sketch got to you, weren’t you?”
Jill hesitated.  “You want the honest truth?  When I first came back to the department, I didn’t know why I was here.  Part of me thought I’d just end up selling department secrets to Sketch.”
“But another part of you?” Corey prompted.
She swallowed and looked at the floor.  “Another part of me thought I could really do it.  I could really join the department and be one of the good guys.  I could really have a reason to get up in the morning, do something meaningful with my life.”  Were her eyes getting a little misty?  She would not let herself cry in front of Corey Stone!
“I think I know why you came back,” said Corey.  “You came back because you belong here.  Maybe you couldn’t admit it to yourself at the time, but you knew it deep down.  And you know something?  I knew it too, even though I didn’t want to admit it either.”
When she dried her eyes, she saw she was standing on the department emblem on the lobby floor.
Did she belong here?
Corey stood squarely between her and the elevator door.  “I’m not letting you leave, Jill.  This is the place for you.”
She sniffled.  “You can’t stand there forever.”
He looked fixedly at her several long seconds.  Then he sighed and dropped his hands to his sides.  “You’re right,” he admitted.  He stepped out of the way.
She saw the elevator in front of her, now.  She stared at it.  But somehow she couldn’t move toward it.
“Just know,” said Corey, “that if you go you’ll be leaving a huge hole around here.  I don’t know how we’ll replace you.”
He started back for the dorms.
She was still looking at the elevator.  Still not moving.  “Corey?” she called.
He paused before the hallway.  “Yeah?”
She’d wanted to ask him since it had happened.  “Why did you punch Bradley?”
At first the question caught him off guard.  In a moment, though, he chuckled with satisfaction at the memory.  “He called you a half-blood.”
“I am a half-blood.”
“He meant it as an insult.”
“You thought I’d just betrayed the department to a thug.  Didn’t I deserve any insult I got?”
Corey pondered his answer for a minute.  “He was acting like he deserved to be part of our team more than you did.”
“And you don’t think so?”
Corey shook his head.  “None of us deserves to be here, Jill.  Not a single one of us.  I think I’m finally starting to figure that out.”
And then he disappeared down the hall, and Jill was alone with the elevator doors.
She thought about his words a long time.
They were still ringing in her head when she fell asleep back in her room an hour later.
 
SHE woke up in time to stumble over to the caf for breakfast before it closed.  She made it about a step and a half through the door before Dizzie assaulted her with a hug.  “How’s your shoulder?  So much for not going on another mission for a while, huh?”
Amber was right behind her.  Jill tried not to stare; she hadn’t even done her hair this morning.
Then Corey arrived, looking like he’d meant to arrive much sooner.  The minute he stepped through the caf doors his tired eyes darted nervously around until he found Jill.
She smiled at him.
Every fiber of his being seemed to go from tense to relaxed as he smiled back.  He took a step toward the food line, paused, turned around and went back toward the dorms.
Jill laughed to herself.  He looked like he hadn’t so much as closed his eyes last night.
 
SEVERAL interesting mailings went out from GoCom that morning.
One was addressed to Matt at the Northshore Garage.  “Thanks for the Translation,” it said.  Enclosed was a check for six hundred and fifty credits.
Another was addressed to Fat Frank.  It had a note with a single word:  “Sorry.”  It included a sizable anonymous check and a coupon for Mike’s Auto Body and Glass Repair.
A third was addressed to the cathedral downtown, containing a note with the same single word:  “Sorry.”  This one included an anonymous check for at least the amount required to replace a stained glass window.
None of the letters was signed.
 
DIZZIE pounded on Jill’s room door and burst in without waiting for a response.  Mandy and Amber were in her wake.
“We’re celebrating last night’s victory by going out to lunch,” she beamed.
“Cool,” said Jill.  She tried not to look like they woke her up, like she’d just been lying in bed relaxing.  “Where at?”
“Tail of the Dragon!”
“Dizzie’s favorite Chinese buffet,” Mandy explained.
“Everyone’s favorite Chinese buffet.”
“Whatever she tells you,” Mandy whispered as though Dizzie couldn’t hear, “don’t try the sesame chicken.”
“Try the sesame chicken!” said Dizzie, elbowing Mandy.
“We’re meeting in the garage at noon to head there, if you want to join us,” said Amber.
“Actually, can I meet you there?” said Jill.  “I was hoping to get out and spend a little time alone this morning.”
Dizzie had barely opened her mouth before Mandy put a hand over it.  “That’s great, Jill,” she said.  “See you then.  Come on, Dizzie.”
Dizzie sputtered as Mandy tugged her into the hall.  Amber exchanged amused looks with Jill before stepping out after them and closing the door.
By midmorning Jill was on her skybike heading south on Route 6 away from downtown.  The hazy dome of the Home Planet loomed distantly to her left.
She dropped to street level as she got off the highway and made her way to an abandoned neighborhood.  She parked in a particular alley, stood at its mouth, and looked across the street.
...At a certain third-story window.  Just for old time’s sake.
It was lifetime ago—almost literally—since she’d been here in the dark and the rain.  That’s when it had all started.  Watch for the light, Director Holiday had told her on the phone.
And she had watched.



The following is a preview of The Dark Beneath: Book Two of The Nexus.
Order the complete version at jkraftmitchell.com.
1
 
OTHER than the ten people in the room, almost no one on Earth—or above Earth—knew this meeting was taking place.
They met in a hotel conference room downtown.  The bank of windows looked out over the city lights.  Though night had fallen here, the sun still shone on the distant form of Earth looming beyond the city’s rim.  Metropolitan Satellite IX, or simply MS9, had been the massive orbiting structure’s name when the United Space Programs constructed it a century ago.  The million-plus citizens of the city built across its face called it Anterra.
Nine of them were already sitting around the room’s polished black table.  The tenth had just walked in the door.  He removed his brimmed hat and long coat as he entered, regarding the others with penetrating steel-gray eyes.
“Welcome, Director Holiday,” the woman at the head of the table greeted him.  Her voice was as unfriendly as her face.  Her red hair was much too vividly hued to be natural at her age—maybe at any age.
“Good evening,” he replied, not bothering to sound any friendlier.  He didn’t know her name.  He didn’t know any of their names, though they knew his.  They were the governing board of his classified government department, which meant they were to remain anonymous to him.  Director Holiday only knew them by face, only made contact with them on the rare occasion they asked him to attend one of their weekly meetings.
Which he loathed.
He took a seat.  There were no refreshments, no coffee, though he could certainly use a cup.  Strictly semi-cold water and business.
“Now,” the redheaded woman said without enthusiasm, “would you care to begin by presenting any complaints or requests before the board?”
Director Holiday smirked humorlessly.  “You don’t invite me to your meetings because you’re aching to hear what’s on my mind,” he said in the sophisticated accent of his British homeland.  “So why don’t you just go ahead and tell me what’s on yours?”
His comment was met with nine frowns.
“We do have a concern,” said the man to the right of the redheaded woman.  He was a thin-featured, serious man with somewhat pointed ears and dark, tightly knit eyebrows.  His goatee was trimmed a little too perfectly.  “We’ve been hearing some rather disturbing news about a certain recruit of yours.”
“You’ll have to be more specific, I’m afraid,” the director said as he poured himself a glass of lukewarm water.  “I’m sure there’s no lack of disturbing news about many of my recruits.”
The man sniffed.  “I don’t doubt it, Director.  But I’m sure you know the one we mean.”
Holiday knew, all right.  He’d known it the instant he got the message to come to this meeting.  But he wasn’t letting on.  “I’m all ears.”
“Tell us a little more, please,” said the woman at the head of the table, “about this Jillian Branch.”
 
SHE was leaning against a wall of hewn logs.  Hanging directly above her was a moose’s head mounted on a wooden plaque.  Together she and the moose watched the spacious, bustling foyer of the Hunter’s Lodge Restaurant and Bar.  The heads of other various woodland fauna adorned the walls as well, along with some fish with hooks dangling from their mouths and big paintings of mountain peaks and forest streams.  Flames roared in a huge hearth near the hostess’s desk.
Not really her type of place.
She watched the front door.  Friday nights at the Hunter’s Lodge were pretty busy.  Comers and goers passed through every few seconds, allowing momentary bursts of urban lights and traffic to intrude upon the outdoorsy atmosphere.  Most of the clients dressed to fit—plenty of plaid flannel shirts and billed caps—like there was anywhere on Anterra to go fishing or hunting or logging, or whatever.
A voice buzzed in her hidden earpiece—Dizzie Mason reporting from HQ:  “He should be arriving any second now—if Sherlock is tracking the right guy.”
“Thanks, Diz,” she said, leaning slightly toward the lapel of her coat.
There, that had to be him.  It was a young man with tousled blonde hair.  He wore a slick black leather jacket and riding gloves.  Hardly the motif most customers were going for.
“Got him.”
 
“WHAT about her?” Holiday asked the board.  He was suddenly enjoying himself a little.  This would be good.
Another woman at the conference table—a squirrelly woman with a double chin—pulled out a thick file and began flipping through it.  “According to our sources,” she said, “Miss Branch is ‘reckless and unrestrained, with a tendency to neglect caution and common sense.’”
Holiday stroked his chin with feigned interest.  “I see.  Whoever writes your reports apparently owns a thesaurus.”
 
THE kid with tousled blonde hair and a black leather jacket was Doug Grandan.  The moment he’d entered the Hunter’s Lodge he wished he’d dressed to fit in.  Now he would stick out like a toddler in a nursing home.
Well, nothing he could do about it now.  Next time he’d know better.  New erranders always had a lot to learn.
Now, to meet the contact.  He’d said Grandan would find him at the booth in the northwest corner of the upstairs dining area.  Grandan walked toward the wide wooden staircase while he puzzled over which direction was northwest.  Let’s see, when I walked in, Earth was behind me, so....
“Mr. Grandan?”
He jumped.  He hadn’t even seen the girl approaching.  She had jet-black hair and dark eyes.  She stood between him and the foot of the staircase.  “Who are you?” he stammered.
“My name is Cordova.  I’m your contact.  Is anything wrong?”
“N-no.  No, it’s just that I thought you would be....”
“A guy?  Don’t worry, I get that a lot.”
“I was supposed to meet you at the northwest—”
“Change of plans.  I’m afraid I was followed here.”
Grandan’s eyes widened.  “What?  Oh, great!”
“Don’t worry.  It’s not uncommon in jobs like this.  I lost the people who were tailing me, but I have a feeling they’ll catch up eventually.  We’ll have to speak someplace where we can’t be seen.”
He seemed hesitant.  “Okay....”
“Follow me.”
 
“DIRECTOR,” the redhead said through a frown, “do you disagree with the report?”
“Not particularly,” said Holiday.
“Then you admit Jill Branch is a dangerous individual?”
“To the criminals of our city, yes.”  He furrowed his brow.  “I thought that’s what we were going for.”
“What we are going for, Director, is a new way to fight crime.  We did not put you in charge of The Nexus to give young people weapons and let them run amuck on the streets with no apparent purpose.”
“We do nothing,” he answered severely, “without a very specific purpose—which is clearly more than can be said of this board meeting.”
The other nine exchanged annoyed glances.
“By the way,” Holiday added, “there are a few other characteristics of Jillian’s that your report conveniently leaves out.”
“Such as?”
“She is clever, passionate, tenacious, utterly devoted to the good of the department, willing to do whatever it takes to get her job done.  Shall I go on?”
 
SHE led Grandan out of the restaurant foyer and down a narrow log-walled passage.  They passed the restrooms, turned a corner, and exited through a side door.  Crisp night air and echoing city sounds met them in an alley.
He was suddenly leveling a gun at her.
“Mr. Grandan, please—”
“Something’s going on, here!” he sputtered.
“Just remain calm.  Like I told you, I was followed here, so—”
“I don’t believe you!”
She put her hands on her hips and looked at him like he was her ill-behaved two-year-old son.  “You haven’t been an errander very long, have you, Mr. Grandan?”
He fidgeted.  “Why?”
They weren’t looking toward the end of the alley, where a black car was just pulling to a stop.
 
“IS it true,” another man at the conference table asked, “that Miss Branch was wounded by gunfire only a week after joining the department?”
“It’s true,” Holiday confirmed.  “Very reckless and incautious of her, wasn’t it, to be in the way of hostile fire while on a mission?”  The director shook his head.  “Although perhaps we should blame the shooter.  Only a thought.”
“She’s a danger, Mr. Holiday.  You’ve already admitted that yourself.”
“And what was she before she joined the department?” he shot back at the man.  “You may have heard she was a known criminal until we picked her up.”
“Which means she belongs in detention,” said the squirrelly woman, “not in a government agency.”
“If I wanted to respond to that remark,” Holiday said dryly, “I would casually point out all Jillian Branch has accomplished as she’s been ‘running amuck’ on the streets.  I would mention, for instance, that one of the most lawless men on MS9 was captured due to her efforts; that she exposed a traitor to our own government; that, thanks to her, we have stumbled upon the most vast communications network in the city’s underground; things of that nature.”
The board members exchanged more glances.
“That is, as I said, if I wanted to respond to your remark,” Holiday went on.  “As it is, I am in the very fortunate position of not having to respond to your remark.  The Congress of Metropolitan Satellite IX has graciously allowed me to recruit whomever I wish for my department, without the slightest consultation of this board.”  He smiled and shot a steel-gray stare at them.
A bald, mustached man heaved a sigh.  “You are putting those young people in harm’s way, Director.”
He raised an eyebrow.  “Does that bother you?  I thought you were concerned that they were dangerous to others, not in danger themselves.  You’ll have to make up your mind.  Meanwhile, I’ll pass along your concern.  Jill will be very touched.  I’m sure she’ll try to steer clear of any more bullets from now on.”
 
GUNFIRE erupted from the car at the end of the alley.
“Get down!” cried Jill, dropping to the pavement.
Grandan’s brain told him to shoot back, to hide, to do something.  But his body wasn’t listening to his brain at the moment.  He just stood and stared at the black car.
“Grandan,” she screamed at him, reaching up to tug at his coat, “get d—!”
Another shot, and she was lying perfectly limp and motionless in the alley.
“Cordova!” he shrieked.
The girl didn’t budge.
The black car angled into the alley.  More shots were fired.
Grandan’s body finally started listening to his brain.
He ran.


2
 
THE black car was in the alley now.  The driver leaned out the window, still firing as he drove.
Jill opened one eye, not moving from where she lay sprawled on the pavement.  She saw the fleeing figure of Doug Grandan headed for the streets.
The black car roared past her.
Grandan disappeared out the far end of the alley.  The car disappeared after him a moment later.
Jill stood and brushed off her coat.  “Don’t follow him too close, Bradley.”
Bradley Park’s voice crackled in her ear:  “Just do your job, and I’ll do mine, all right?”
“Good luck to you too.”
She went back inside the Hunter’s Lodge Restaurant and Bar.
 
A mumble coursed through the governing board of The Nexus.
“Director,” said the man with the goatee and the dark eyebrows, “we may not have the authority to tell you who you can and cannot recruit, but we do have the authority to decide what you can and cannot do with them.”
“To a degree, perhaps,” Holiday interrupted.  “But we can argue about that later.  Go on.”
The man frowned and continued,  “We are also concerned about the role of the new field team you have assembled around Miss Branch.  As we understand it, their goal is to track down and eliminate any illegal means of data storage.  Do I have that right?”
“So far as it goes.”  Holiday took a nervous sip of water.  Now here, he thought, was a much trickier subject.
 
THE northwest corner of the Lodge’s upstairs dining room was mostly partitioned off by a half-wall of hewn logs.  There was a single small booth beneath a painting of a mountain cabin.  A lamp made largely of elk horns hung over the table.
The man waiting alone at the booth was younger than Jill expected.  He had longish hair and a thin moustache.  He was dressed semi-formally.
It looked like he was just starting to get impatient when she approached.
“Mr. Cordova?” she asked him.
He smiled slightly.  “You must be Grandan.”
“Felicia Grandan.”  She took the seat across from him in the secluded booth.  “Is anything wrong?”
He shook his head.  “Not at all.  It’s just that....”
“You thought I would be a guy.  I get that a lot.”
 
“PERHAPS,” the man with the perfect goatee said, “you have heard of a certain mythical beast from ancient Greek mythology—a serpent-like creature with many heads.”
“I’m confident you’ll come swiftly to the part where you explain how this relates to my department,” said Holiday.
“Each time a head of the deadly beast was cut off,” the man went on, “two more grew back in its place.  You see my point, I’m sure.  You are attempting to stop our city’s criminal underground from using outdated means of data storage and communication—means which your beloved computer cannot track.”
“Means which are explicitly against the laws of our city,” Holiday added.
“Quite right,” the man agreed.  “But do you ever get the feeling you are fighting a losing battle?”
“Every time I try to talk some sense into this board.”
The man drew an impatient breath and went on.  “We have to admit to ourselves that it is far, far too easy to smuggle these illegal devices onto this satellite—old cameras and televisions, non-digital paper, telephones, and so on.  Every time you confiscate one of them, there will be two others that you don’t know about.  You simply can’t keep up with it.”
Holiday looked into his water glass.  “For once,” he said quietly, “I don’t disagree with you.” 
 
CORDOVA motioned for a waitress.
“The venison burger,” he said, “no cheese or pickles.  Coleslaw on the side.”  He looked at Jill.  “Can I get you anything?”
“A bottle of water,” Jill told the waitress with a smile.
“Nothing else?” Cordova asked as the waitress shuffled off.
“I’m here for business, not dinner.”
“Whatever you say.  The food’s good.  I always eat here when I come to Anterra—which is as infrequently as possible, of course.”  He smiled condescendingly as he spoke.  Citizens of the Home Planet did that a lot around Anterrans.  “I like being on good solid ground, thank you, not on some contraption floating through space.”
“Not something you’d expect to hear from someone who runs a major shuttle line,” said Jill.
“I may help run the company, but I rarely ride the shuttles myself.  I spend most of my time in the office.  Today’s an exception—I wanted to personally oversee the transfer of this particular cargo.”  His smugness gave way to a puzzled expression.  “Speaking of the cargo...”
She looked at him concernedly.  “Is there a problem?”
“Not exactly.  I’m just confused.  It seems like much ado about nothing, you know?  All the secrecy and sneaking around.  Why go to all this trouble for just—?”  He stopped himself.  “Sorry.  You’re just the delivery girl.  You’re probably not supposed to know what the goods are, are you?”
She wished he’d named the cargo.  Some confirmation would have been nice.  But she couldn’t show her disappointment; she had to play her role convincingly.  “No, I’m not.  So instead of talking about what’s in the package, how about we talk about how I get a hold of it?”
He sat back, and the condescending smile made another appearance.  “Are all young people in this city in such a hurry?”
 
“WE are officially recommending,” the woman with the artificial red hair stated, “that you dissemble this field team and find a better use for your department’s time.”
“Your recommendation is duly noted,” said Holiday.  “You’ll be sure to let me know, of course, the moment your recommendation has become something more.  I listen to direct orders, not to polite suggestions.”
“At least take it into consideration in the meantime, won’t you?” said the man with the goatee.  He looked penetratingly into Holiday’s eyes, lowering his dark brows, and continued very slowly and deliberately,  “I think you’ll agree that Sherlock finds plenty for your department to do.  There’s no reason to go out looking for any more than his mechanical brain is already aware of, now is there?”
Holiday returned the gaze curiously.  An interesting comment.  Could he possibly know...?
 
“THEY built this place to be better than anything on Earth,” Cordova said through a bite of venison burger, “didn’t they?”
“The Hunter’s Lodge Restaurant and Bar?”
He snickered.  “Anterra.”
“Oh, right,” said Jill.  “I guess they did.”
“And now it’s practically overrun by crooks.”  Cordova dabbed his face with a napkin.  “Well, not everything goes as planned, I guess.  The original vision was a nice thought.  But corruption found its way up here after all, didn’t it?”
“You mean when you arrived on your shuttle this evening?”
“You’re a witty one, aren’t you?  I’m someone who admires a sharp wit.  You do your hometown credit.”  He smiled and raised his glass toward her.  “It seems even Anterra has its positive characteristics.”
She touched her water bottle to his glass.  “And it seems even Earth has its crooks.”
 
“DIRECTOR,” said the redheaded woman, “I don’t need to tell you just how much time, effort, and money have been spent on the creation of the Sherlock computer.  I suggest you pay more attention to it—or, should I say, to him?”
“Your department’s job,” added the bald one, “is to respond to Sherlock’s findings, not to go digging around elsewhere for information.”
“My department’s job,” retorted Holiday, “is to protect this city, and I will use any means necessary.  The smartest criminals on MS9 know that they’re being monitored, and they’re finding ways to avoid it.  Sherlock may have many eyes and ears around Anterra, but he doesn’t know everything.”
The man with the perfectly trimmed goatee smiled gravely.  “He was never meant to know everything, now was he?”
Holiday looked at him curiously.  Now it was clear.  This man knows much, much more than he’s supposed to.
 
“YOU haven’t told me anything about yourself,” said Cordova, polishing off his burger.
“And you haven’t told me where I can find our client’s cargo,” she said.  “Which is why we met, you may recall.”
He looked disappointed.  “If I’m going to do business with someone, I like to know a little bit about them.”
“Not in this business you don’t.”
“I see.  Forgive me; this sort of thing is new to me.”
“I doubt that.  What’s the port bay number?”
He sighed.  “Bay 337.  The compartment is behind the lavatory.  There’s a button on the bottom of the sink.  Push it three times, then push and hold for exactly eleven seconds.”
She got up.  “You’ll be hearing from our client.”
“Your name’s not Felicity, is it?”
“Felicia,” she said.
“Whatever.  That’s not your name, is it?  Next time you should pick an alias that’s more convincing.”
Jill rolled her eyes.  “Like Cordova?”
She was gone before he could respond.
 
HER skybike was parked a couple of blocks away.  While she walked she said softly into the concealed microphone on her lapel,  “Did you get that, Corey?  It’s 337.”

Order the full version of The Dark Beneath today at jkraftmitchell.com.
The third book, Earth’s Shadow, is now available as well.
 

A MESSAGE FROM THE AUTHOR:  The fact that you read far enough to get to this part is reason enough for my gratitude.  Thanks for taking a chance on an independent author.  We can only do what we do because of adventurous readers like you.  And now comes the part where I bug you to do some stuff to help the series succeed.  Don’t want to hear it?  You might want to stop reading now.  I won’t judge you.
…Okay, you had fair warning.  Here are four simple things you can do to help promote the series:
Keep reading.  Visit jkraftmitchell.com to order the next two books, The Dark Beneath and Earth’s Shadow.  While you’re there, scroll to the bottom of the page and sign up for the mailing list to get instant updates about new books, promotions, etc.
Recommend the series to your friends.  You know what, better yet:  Gift the books to your friends.
“Like” the series.  Click the “like” button at the bottom of the homepage at jkraftmitchell.com.
Review the books on Amazon or Goodreads.  If you liked them, that is.  If not, don’t bother reviewing them.  Just forget you ever heard of them.
Thanks for the support.


J. KRAFT MITCHELL writes speculative fiction. He can’t help it. He doesn’t plan on stopping any time soon. His first book, The Nexus, reached number one on Amazon’s juvenile science fiction best seller list. The series, which includes The Dark Beneath, Earth’s Shadow and Midnight Garden (forthcoming), continues to gain fans around the world.
He and his wife trained for ministry at Moody Bible Institute in Chicago, IL and now work with students and young adults at their church in Colorado. You can often find them surrounded by droves of hyperactive teenagers. They do it on purpose. Call them crazy.
He is the proud father of two beautiful daughters. Yes, being in a house full of girls creates an overabundance of drama in his life, but then again drama is something an author should be familiar with.
