
The Coalition Episode 3



Copyright 2013 Aria J. Wolfe 
Jacket art copyright © 2013 by Yvette R. Dempster
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

http://ariajwolfe.com

First Edition April 2014

All rights reserved. KingdomNow Publishing, 
RR 2 Site 456 Box 4 Comp 9, 
Drayton Valley, Alberta, Canada.

No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any mean- electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or any other- with the exception of brief quotes for reviews and blogs, without the prior written consent of the publisher.

Scripture taken from The Message. Copyright © 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 2000, 2001, 2002. Used by permission of NavPress Publishing Group

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Author’s Note
EPISODE 3
Chapter 1: Aliah
Chapter 2: Shai
Chapter 3: Aliah
Chapter 4: Aliah
Chapter 5: Shai
Chapter 6: Aliah
Chapter 7: Shai
Chapter 8: Aliah
Chapter 9: Shai
Chapter 10: Aliah
Chapter 11: Shai
Chapter 12: Aliah
Chapter 13: Shai
Chapter 14: Aliah
Chapter 15: Shai
Chapter 16: Aliah
Chapter 17: Shai
Chapter 18: Aliah
Chapter 19: Shai
Chapter 20: Aliah
Chapter 21: Shai
Chapter 22: Aliah
The Adventure Continues
About Aria J. Wolfe
Other Books by Aria J. Wolfe
Connect with Aria J. Wolfe

AUTHOR’S NOTE



You are about to read The Coalition Episode 3 (of 4). This book was written in four separate parts with each part ending on a cliff-hanger. Life is really a series of “wait-and-see’s” which is why I decided to release this novel in four separate episodes first. If you liked the first episode then you had to wait and see what would happen in the second episode.

BUT, for those of you who missed the day that the virtue patience was handed out (or because you simply want don’t want to wait), you can read the entire novel in either ebook format or paperback, released April 22, 2014.

OPTION ONE: Read The Coalition in four separate, weekly episodes 

OPTION TWO: Read The Coalition in one full novel (ebook or paper) released April 22.

Either way you prefer to read it, my hope is that you’ll enjoy it. And not only enjoy it, but be transformed. As you read you may see yourself in one of the characters. Or maybe two.

Remember, what you don’t know can kill you. And things are not always as they seem.

Get ready.
EPISODE 3 (OF 4)
CHAPTER 1
Shai

Give her some space!" A familiar male voice spoke as Shai opened her eyes. The clean-shaven face of the man who had brought her there was inches from hers. His kind eyes full of concern. He smiled, revealing two front teeth that turned slightly inward.
"You okay? Too many people crammed into a small space can make a person feel light-headed." 
She smiled back at him, too overwhelmed to speak. She couldn't tell a stranger about Remiel anyway.
The young man offered his hand which she accepted and he pulled her to her feet. Thunk! Something fell onto the wooden floor.
"Allow me." The young man bent over just as Shai put her hand in her tunic pocket and realized the key was missing. His face flushed when he handed the key to her, the red gem glittering in the lantern light. 
"Don't let anyone else know you have that." His voice held no inflection, but his eyes suddenly became hard. He gripped her arm above the elbow and squeezed. She winced and tried to pull away.
"Who are you?" His light green eyes darted around the crowded room before resting on her.
"Shai. From Lael." It came out softer than she intended. She pulled her elbow from him and pushed the key deep into her pocket, then wrapped her fingers around its cool metal. 
He leaned down. His cheek grazed hers as he spoke. "I wouldn't mention that place around here if I were you."
Hot and cold shivers rolled down her neck, partially from his breath and partially from what he said. He moved away from her and disappeared into the crush of people. A few people stared at her, so she pressed her shoulder blades together and stared back. She wasn't the enemy here. And she wouldn't be made to feel like one.
The woman with the dark braid and green eyes appeared in the doorway of the building and raised both hands. A welt in the shape of a C marked the inside of one wrist. Shai gripped the key tighter. It’s probably just a scar. But its distinctive contours looked too much like the carving on the trees to be accidental. She looked at the people around her who fell silent, watching the young woman. Did they all have those marks? What did it mean?
"The fire will be completely out soon, thanks to Sector Two's artificial rain. Clean-up and the rebuilding of houses and other buildings lost in the fire will begin immediately with help from Sector's Six and Seven." A rumble of murmurs echoed through the building and the woman held her hands up again. "But that means we will be working extra hard to export our textiles to those Sectors as our thanks."
Talking began again as the pretty, young woman walked over to Shai. She smiled and her face softened, making her look younger.
"Welcome to Sector Three, also known as Conley." She extended her hand and, when Shai took it, the woman's grip was firm and warm. "I'm Ava and I saw that you already met my older brother Kael. I hope he didn't frighten you. He's a bit of a bear."
She pumped Shai's arm up and down then released her, coming to stand beside Shai with her hand on the small of her back. The slight pressure urged Shai forward and they walked outside together. The rain had stopped and the sun had begun to rise. It colored the smoldering ruins with a pink wash. Their feet made sucking noises on the rain-soaked earth as they walked. A fine mist hung in the air after the downpour. 
"Are you from the Borderless then?" Ava's eyes turned from light green to nearly black in the half-light outside. She pursed her lips and leaned toward Shai as Kael had done. The girl's demeanor and Kael's warning suggested it was better to come from the Borderless than Lael. Shai remained silent, but returned the woman’s wide-open stare.
"Good, good. I thought so. When I saw you standing there by the tree I knew I couldn't let you stay out there all alone. Not after what the Watchers did tonight. Who knows what they might do to the Borderless people. It isn't safe." She spoke quickly and earnestly. Her fingers pressed harder on Shai's back.
Shai tensed. "The Watchers? In the Borderless? I thought... we aren't in the Borderless are we? The Sectors... exist?" Her voice caught on the last word. Her stomach turned violently.
Ava nodded and touched Shai's arm. "Oh yes, they exist. Most of the time the Seven Sectors are at war with one another, maintaining peace only during trades and service agreements when there's been a Division disaster. Like tonight. When the Watchers came I caught two of them, Ace and his partner, taking linens from our Wash House. They took some supplies, nearly killed my father and tried to burn our Sector to the ground."
Shai swallowed hard. Her ears and cheeks suddenly felt hot.
Ava took her hand off Shai's back. "Destruction is their M.O. It often takes weeks, even months to rebuild. We're lucky though. We had a trade scheduled with some of the other Sectors for tomorrow, so they were already here. All we had to do was enact the service agreement. Rebuilding has already begun. Excuse me." 
A group of young people approached them and Ava turned away from Shai to extend her hand to a tall blonde man. Shai moved away from them to seek solace behind some smoldering remains. Shocked and sick, she hadn't said more than a few words since she arrived.
Suddenly the back of her neck prickled and she turned around. Kael was walking towards her, his face hard.
CHAPTER 2
Aliah

Zev and the knife were gone by the time Aliah reached the Great Room. Aliah pulled on a cloak and stuffed the blanket, a canteen of water, and a loaf of bread wrapped in white linen into a sack. He slung the bag over his shoulder and limped outside. The pain in his side had diminished to a dull ache that throbbed down his left side to his toes. 
The rain stopped, leaving his well-trodden trail a mess of broken branches and mud. He backtracked the way he'd come, less than an hour ago, with a faltering jog-limp. In another hour the sun would rise making it easier to look for Shai in the Borderless, but also making her an easier target. What was going through Zev's mind right now? Would he hurt Shai?
Aliah's mind raced faster than he could run. He slipped in the mud and caught himself with one arm before he went sprawling. He yelled at a fresh wave of pain. His vision doubled and panic fogged his mind.
No, no, no. I can’t give up now. He felt beneath his sweater for his glass pendant. It’s still there. I’ll be okay. He blinked, clearing his vision, then continued his trek through Borderless territory. 
He knew Shai almost better than he knew himself. Where would she go? She didn't know the area at all which meant she'd wander around until she found the Borderless people... No, she feared them, because she'd been taught to fear the unknown. So she'd keep her distance. But then where would she go? If she took this trail from the Manor, it curved east and led to the Sector he'd just come from. Straight north over rocky terrain was where Ellersly was taking his group. That path was unmarked and the journey would be more difficult for someone alone and she'd be afraid to wander off the most visible trail. So that meant she must've gone to Conley. The Sector that was now in flames. 
A snapping sound on the trail ahead stopped him. He slipped behind a tree, watching. A lone figure walked with shoulders hunched and head down toward him. When the person was about to pass they looked up. 
Aliah released his breath in a rush. "Ell!" His friend jumped then smiled. Aliah stepped from the tree and met Ellersly on the trail.
The younger boy's face fell as his eyes travelled over Aliah. "You're a mess!" Ellersly sounded raspy like something hung loose in his windpipe. What at first appeared to be shadows on his jaw turned out to be bruises darkening to a deep purple.
"You don't look great either, Ell. But we're alive thanks to our great fighting skills." He tried to laugh, make the circumstances seem light, but the laughter died in his throat.  He started walking again and Ellersly followed. 
"When I got back to the Manor Shai was gone." Aliah spoke softly because he knew the Borderless had ears that heard more than the Watchers of Lael. "If she stayed on this trail she's headed east." He heard Ellersly sigh and neither one said anything for a few minutes.
"It's likely she went to Conley. It's the most clearly marked trail." Ellersly then got a funny look on his face. "That girl, with the wrist thing. I heard her say Conley is a Sector. So, uh... what's a Sector? I've never heard the term before. Is it like another name for the Borderless?" 
Aliah felt faint. He didn't want to keep anything from his friend, but with the page from the Book tucked in his trousers and the Book now in Akan's hands, he didn't have a choice.
"Sure, Ell. It's like when we divided up the Borderless into quarters right? North and East and so on. Same thing."
Ellersly nodded and relief washed over Aliah. No more questions for now. 
"I was thinking, Ell. Maybe you should take Mara and the children North tonight. Don't wait until tomorrow. I have a bad feeling about Elchai catching onto our plan and tracking us down. We can't waste any more time. I'll come with you to tell Mara first then I'll search for Shai, and when I find her we'll come to you."
Ellersly stopped on the trail behind Aliah, breathing hard. Aliah turned around to look at him. The morning sun painted everything rose, making Ellersly's cheeks look fiery. "I'll do whatever you say. I don't like it but I'll do it.” 
When they reached the cave it smelled sour, like too many unwashed bodies. The kind of smell that burned your throat and made your eyes water if you breathed too deeply.
Aliah and Ellersly picked their way down the narrow hall not sure if the thick brown piles were mud or something else. Loud crying bounced off the walls making twenty-two children sound like two-hundred.
Mara rushed to meet them. The baby wailed in her arms. Ellersly took the infant and walked over to a group of crying children. Years spent in the Boys' Houses with small children made him a natural. Mara's eyes shone bright even in the dim light of the cave. She smiled and reached for Aliah's arm.
"Mother, Ellersly is taking you and the children somewhere safe tonight. We don't have much time.  I only came here to talk to you about something."
Mara looked him over then shook her head and clicked her tongue. She didn't seem to have heard what he said.
"I've lived a long time without a pendant, son. But look at you. Lots of good having a pendant did for you. You look terrible." The smile stayed on her face, creasing her eyes and the corners of her mouth.
"How have you lived without one?"
"Your father..."
"No! I don't want to hear about him." Aliah's voice echoed and Mara jumped. Her smile faded and she shrugged.
"Well, you asked." She looked up at him again, the smile returning. "Did you find the Book?"
Aliah's chest squeezed. She was the only one he could talk to about it, but he'd have to move past her eccentricity. Living in the Borderless had changed her more than he thought.
He nodded and steeled himself for the response he knew was coming. But she simply clasped her hands together under her chin, her smile so broad it showed her back teeth.
"So you know about the Coalition then?" Excitement lit her eyes with fire. He nodded again then lowered his head until his hair brushed hers.
"Tell me everything you know about it, Mother." He kept his voice just loud enough to be heard over the children. He looked over his shoulder at Ellersly. The boy occupied the children with stories and one-handed shadow puppets on the cave wall.
Mara sighed and cupped her hands around Aliah's face. He started to pull away but she held him tighter.
"Samael is evil. Before the War Between Worlds, before Edan was divided, Samael worked for Elchai. He was the military co-ordinator for the Edanite army. He protected Edan from the Outerlands. But he was exiled when he became jealous of Elchai and tried to overthrow him using Elchai’s own military. He failed. That was the beginning of the first rebellion. The largest uprising up till that point. Samael swore revenge: find and kill Elchai's sons." 
She dropped her hands from his face, but he could still feel the heat of her palms on his cheeks. “That's when everything changed.” She continued.  “Elchai divided Edan into pieces and put a leader in each Sector. It was easier to protect smaller groups of people that way. He saved the smallest portion of land in the middle and put a fence around it to protect it. All the children were sent there with a few women to care for them. It was supposed to be temporary. But after the war most of the men and women had died, leaving the children as orphans."
"Lael." Aliah whispered. "And the Book? What happened to it?"
"The Book was... taken. Disappeared for a few years until one day it showed up in Lael and was put on a shelf in the Chapel. With so many children to care for, some of the Mother's petitioned Elchai to make laws. To help with control. Things got out of hand with that." Mara shook her head, the corners of her mouth turned down.
"And the Coalition? What about that Mother?"
Mara smiled again. "We are all waiting for the Coalition. Three rebels, one is the Son of Thunder, who will put Edan back together again. Only thing is, in the Book, it's written that the Coalition must find each other on their own. And when that happens, the death of one will save the many." She swung her arms at her sides like a small child.
"That's it?" His mouth went dry. He expected a plan. A strategy. Or at least a hint at how and when. Not some story. He turned away and pressed his forehead against the cold stone wall. His side ached.
"It's in the Book, Aliah. If you read it, you'd know. I thought you said you read it."  Mara touched his back.
"No, I said I found it. I only read the page about the Coalition. Someone took it from the vault in Lael last night. I found it in Sector Three."
"So you've discovered the Sectors really do exist." 
"Well, Sector Three exists." Aliah swallowed and avoided Mara's eyes. At least it did exist, until last night.
"Everything will be just fine, Aliah. Just wait for the Son of Thunder to come. He'll know what to do." 
Tears pricked his eyes at the tenderness in her voice. She sounded so much like the way he remembered her in his bits of fractured memories. "Did you know the Book would be stolen last night, Mother?"
She smiled and pressed a finger to her lips. Then before she returned to the children she whispered, "all I know is everything will be alright now. You'll see."
CHAPTER 3
Shai

Kael's eyes looked like two dark raisins in a slice of sweet bread. The sunrise reddened his face. His forehead creased as he frowned. Why did her presence disturb him so much? 
Shai folded her hands in front of her to steady their shaking and lifted her chin as he approached.
"What did my sister say to you?" His tone rattled her, but she pressed her lips together. He sighed and pulled on a pair of gloves that shone glossy-black. He pushed some smoking pieces of wood aside from the pile near her. His hair was dark like Ava's, cut short around his ears and neck. Similar to Aliah's, but without the curl. 
A pang of confliction hit her again. 
Kael pulled a few blackened jars from the pile and stacked them near Shai. The strange gloves must be resistant to heat; he just kept tossing smoldering wood aside and pulling jars from the ashes without seeming to burn his hands.
He straightened and looked hard at Shai. "I asked you what Ava said to you over there. You two looked pretty intense."
Shai shrugged one shoulder. She meant it to seem casual, but the steady way he looked at her made her feel stiff and awkward.
"She's nice. Just welcomed me. To... Sector Three." The words sounded foreign.
"Whoa! She talks!" Kael held his hands against his face in mock surprise and when he stooped to dig through the pile again, Shai stifled a laugh. Two black, hand prints clearly marked both cheeks.
"Hey, I'd help if I had a pair of those gloves."
He barely glanced at her as he shoved one hand into his back trouser pocket, pulled out another pair then tossed them to her. Her small hands swam inside them, but at least the gloves would offer protection.
"Just stack the jars there." He gestured by tipping his head. "And if you come across... anything else just holler."
"Anything else?" She crouched beside him and moved some wood, feeling nothing more than mild heat in her hands.
"Yeah. Like... lanterns, utensils, dishes, a book..."
"A book?" A flutter started in her stomach and worked up to her throat.
Kael gave her a funny look. "A book. You know, it has pages, a cover."
"I know what a book is. I've seen one before... But wouldn't it have burned in the fire?"
"Not this book." Kael's lips barely moved when he said that and he kept his eyes down. They worked in silence digging up a few more jars and one lantern. Kael stood suddenly and pressed a fist into his lower back, groaning. Shai stood too and stretched. 
"I don't need you here." Kael's face flushed pink. "I mean, there's nothing left to salvage here. It's obvious this Supply House completely burned down. Go help Ava. Take some of these jars to her. She'll need them to feed all those people." He bent over the pile again and Shai gathered a few jars in her arms. 
She turned to go then stopped. "What bothers you so much about me being here?"
 Kael stood and walked over to her, his eyes dark and hard again. "You're a Laelite. A puppet.  Just doing what you're told. You contribute nothing to the Division, yet you take from us. So excuse me for not being pleased that you're here." He poked his finger hard into her shoulder on the word 'nothing' and when she walked away the feeling of his finger remained, echoing his words. 
I’m not a puppet. She bit the inside of her lip. I had no idea Conley existed until today. How could I contribute to a community I knew nothing about? But her heart burned with something deeper.  Something worse. Her whole life she'd been told nothing existed outside of Lael except the Borderless, which supposedly stretched on forever. But she'd been lied to. 
Frustration and anger clung to her like the soot on her clothing, but she had nothing to spend it on. Who could she blame for the lie she'd been living? 
The flutter in her stomach grew stronger. She leaned into it and gripped it with her heart. She was part of something bigger than Lael and the Borderless. Something that no one wanted her to know about. And the Book, that Remiel told her to get, had something to do with it. In Lael, she had no hope of ever getting close to it, especially since Sileas had died trying. 
But now the Book was here. Or at least it was.
CHAPTER 4
Aliah

By the time Aliah left the cave, Mara had returned to the children, humming old Laelite lullabies. He'd asked her another question about the Book, but her blank stare told him she'd already forgotten their conversation.
He walked hood-down through the Borderless woods passing abandoned camps with cold fire-pits, but no sign of Shai. His side had grown stiff, but it looked clean enough and seemed to be healing. The sunlight was stronger outside of Lael, the trees greener and... He tipped his head and listened. The sounds of birds, squirrels, and tree frogs a pleasing chorus.
The boundary of Conley appeared suddenly on his right, a line of black-barked trees with a crescent carved into the white wood. He stayed hidden behind the trees and watched groups of people haul charred wood, metal scraps and blackened remains of buildings and their contents onto a large pile near the community's entrance. 
His heart leaped in his throat when a fair-haired young girl emerged from behind a smoking pile of wood carrying something. Her hair hung loose and wavy around her shoulders instead of pulled into a bun. A wave of heat flashed across the mark on his chest when she looked up. He pressed tighter against the tree and tried to think invisible thoughts. When he peeked around the tree again she'd gone. He sighed and moved closer to Conley's entrance, a cluster of shorter trees that flanked the road leading in. He crouched, imagining Shai among the Conley's. He never told her anything about the land outside of Lael. As a Watcher he was forbidden to mention anything about the raids or what he saw while watching.
Now that she was aware of life beyond Lael he wondered how she was accepting it. Did it stir up the old Son of Thunder stories and bring her false hope or did it fuel her anger towards him, thinking he'd kept the truth from her?
"Ace." A voice behind him startled him and he twisted around then winced and grabbed his side. The young woman from the previous night stood with her hands on her hips, eyes narrowed. Some of her dark hair had sprung free from her braid and curled around her face and neck. Dark smudges beneath her eyes and on one cheek made Aliah's stomach hollow. He knew he was at least partly responsible for her sleepless night. He stood slowly and kept his eyes on her.
"If my father knew you came back here after..."
"Why don't you tell him then?" He swallowed the guilt as a picture of Akan beating Mallak came into his mind.
"He nearly died, Ace." Her voice wavered and she sniffed. Her green eyes filled, but not a single tear spilled over. Her resolve reminded him of Shai.
"Then arrest me.  Punish me for my infraction. I'm sorry about what happened. You're right, I was there, but I can't change what happened." He held his hands up in surrender.
She snorted. "Right. Arresting you won't do any good, considering our Holding House has been burned to the ground." She dropped her hands to her sides and looked him up and down like Ellersly had done earlier, only her face held no compassion.
"I should let my brother know you're here. He'd love to finish you off."
"Your brother nearly did that already." Aliah moved his cloak to expose a dark red stain spreading across his sweater.
Ava laughed. "Kael couldn't have done that. He wouldn't have left you alive." 
"You have two brothers? Is the other one this height?" He held his arm out chest-high and Ava's eyes widened. "Arlie did that to you? He was there? He could've... been killed." Her shoulders slumped.
"Look, I already said I'm sorry about... everything. I'll go... I'm just here to get someone. Her name's Shai. Blonde, blue-eyed."
Ava crossed her arms. "No. She's not here."
"Well I saw here a minute ago over there." He pointed and Ava gave him a hard look. 
"I said no, Ace. If she did come here then it was for a reason. We're responsible for her now and I'm not going to just hand anyone over to a... Watcher." She spat the last word out and Aliah cringed. He'd have to think of another way. He turned to go, but Ava's hand on his arm stopped him. He pulled away.
"Oh, did I break one of your Laws by touching you? Force you to commit an infraction?"
Aliah ignored the sarcasm. "It's not that." He looked past her at a tall man with dark hair who walked quickly toward them. "I'll go now."
Ava raised a hand and called out, "Hi Kael. I'll be right there. Just tending to someone who was injured in the fire." She put her arm around Aliah's waist and guided him down the muddy road. 
"I'm taking you to my father's house. Our nurse will look after you there, then you need to be on your way."
"Why?" Aliah looked down at her and she glanced up, meeting his eyes briefly then looked away.
"Because you can't stay here. I'm responsible for these people and I can't have a Watcher in my Sector. No matter how... different he is."
He cast a sideways glance at her. "No. Why look after my wound at all?"
Her arm tightened slightly around him and she blew out a slow breath of air before answering. "Like I said, I think you're different. And I don't think you're a true Laelite either. Your eyes... you look like you have Conley in your blood." 
They reached a large stone house with a red roof and wide brick steps and stopped. 
"Call it a hunch or intuition... whatever. I think you don't really know who you are. But when you figure it out the world had better watch out." She winked then patted his chest.
She left him in the care of an older woman, with pure white hair, who waited for him to climb the steps.
When he reached the last step Ava called out to him. "Leave my father alone, Ace. He won't want to see you. I'll come check on you later." 
He stepped inside the bright interior plagued with guilt. He shouldn't be here, allowing these people to look after him. Not after what he had done to them.
He shook himself. Guilt could wait. He had come for Shai. And in the meantime, he could get some much needed rest and maybe find out more about what these people knew about the Book.
CHAPTER 5
Shai

Small groups of people come in shifts to eat in one of the few wood buildings left standing. Long tables had been erected down the center aisle for people to sit on both sides. Shai had never seen so many people of different ages. Men with wrinkles around their eyes and long white beards. Children holding hands with woman whose shoulders stooped and lines creased their faces. Infants carried in the arms of women older than Eliana.
Lael didn't have people like these... raisin people, with their creases and wrinkles. She found their faces interesting and had to force herself not to stare. 
A hazy thought came to her. One of her Old World thoughts. The wrinkled face of a man with laughing blue eyes. Grandfather.
She pushed the thought away and focused on the next group coming in.
Shai looked up at each person as they came to get a bowl of hot food. If she'd found her way here then maybe Eliana did too, if she was still alive.
Someone bumped into her and pushed her aside. She clenched her teeth. She hated being crowded and despised being touched even more. It violated her own Rule about personal space. But it was difficult to open the jars of vegetables and fruits she'd brought in, and serve them to people without brushing their hands, or touching their fingertips. Each time she accidentally touched someone she jumped back like her skin was on fire, ignoring their curious stares. 
Her palms got slick with sweat when Kael came in with the next group of people. The dark smudges still on his face along with the familiar frown. She ladled some carrots and beats into a bowl and passed them to him. His fingers grazed hers and she flinched. The green of his eyes, a brilliant hue in the light of the afternoon sun shining through the windows. She tried to smile, but his scowl froze it on her face. 
He sat with a noisy group of people that looked similar in age. They chatted constantly, looking comical with their smudged faces and brightly-colored clothing streaked with soot.
When Shai handed a bowl to the last person in the group she took a bowl for herself and sat at the end of table near a lady with white hair and pale blue eyes. She left space between her and the old woman, but the lady reached over and patted Shai's arm.
"Thanks for helping us today, dear. You're from Kent right? I can tell by your eyes. I was born there too, but married my Conley man."
Shai smiled at the old woman, but any words stuck in her throat. Kent? Was that another Sector? She glanced at the woman's 'Conley man.' Specks of orange peeked out of his long grey beard, the remnants of his lunch, his eyes as bright a green as carrot tops.
Shai looked away and the hair on the back of her neck stood up. She scanned the room. Kael sat at the opposite end of the room staring straight at her. She refused to be the first to look away. She pressed her lips together and tried to make her eyes as hard his. He pushed his bowl away then stormed out of the building.
Ava set a bowl of sliced peaches and cherries on the table in front of Shai and sat across from her. She crossed her arms on the table and rested her chin on them. 
"Don't worry about Kael. He doesn't like anyone, not even himself. He's too obsessed with his studies to care about anything else. This fire is just a distraction to him, so that makes him angry. Angrier." She laughed and Shai smiled.
"His studies? What's he studying?"
"Oh, the Coalition, the history of the Division. He says that if the Coalition is ever formed then there will be a great war between the Sectors worse than the original War Between Worlds, and society as we know it will end. He thinks he's some kind of dooms-day prophet or something." Ava rolled her eyes then sat up.  "Oh, forgive me. I guess the Borderless don't talk about those things."
Shai shook her head and held her shaking fingers in her lap. "I... I'm not Borderless, Ava."
Ava reached across the table and took Shai's hand in hers. "I know. But you're not a mindless puppet either."
Shai dropped her eyes and Ava squeezed her hand harder. "Do you know anything about the Sectors?" 
Shai shook her head unwilling to trust her voice.
"Well I'll tell you about them sometime. But don't listen to Kael. He should've been born in Sector Seven. They're machinists. They provide the Division with metal works and they make weapons. They believe the only way to get things done is by sheer force." She patted Shai's hand then stacked their empty bowls. "I do appreciate the Kent's willpower though." She excused herself to clean up before the next group arrived.
Shai remained sitting, twisting the hem of her dirty tunic in her lap. As much as she didn't want to she had to talk to Kael again to learn more about the Book. She had to know where to find it and what made it so important.
CHAPTER 6
Aliah

His wound had been cleaned and stitched and the old nurse promised with a smile that he would mend. 
He laid shirtless under a white sheet on a narrow cot, and surveyed his surroundings. The room had high ceilings, warm wood floors and walls, and a large fire burning in a stone fireplace. Several paintings of meadows with flowers and grassy fields with brightly-colored houses decorated the walls. 
A pungent salve had been applied to the bandage to numb his wound and the hot tea the nurse brought him made him feel sleepy. The walls began moving and the ceiling rippled like water. He rubbed his eyes. When he looked up, two Ava's were bent over him, green eyes crinkling with her wide smile. 
"I see the remedy's working." She touched his face with the back of her hand like his mother would have.
"A li'l too well, I think. There's two of you."
Ava laughed. "That's the side-effect I'm afraid. But it will take days off your recuperation time."
"You want me outta here that bad then?" Aliah grinned then tried to reach for her arm and missed.
"Well, if anyone found you here..."
"Anyone? Like your big brother?"
Ava just looked at him, her smile disappeared.
"Okay. I told you I'd leave when I can take Shai with me." He sat up on one elbow. The movement spun the room and he fell back against the cot.
"You're in no condition to go anywhere yet, Ace." She busied herself with re-arranging his pillows and blanket. 
"In a day or so you can leave. After the nurse makes sure you’re free of any fever or infection."
"It's too late for that. I shoulda tol' you. Death's at my door. Been hunting me down for days already." Aliah closed his eyes and inhaled the sage and lemongrass scent that lingered around Ava. 
"Death is near every one of us, Ace."
"No, I mean for real. But the pendant will keep me safe." He sighed and turned his head away from her, suddenly exhausted.
"Oh. A Laelite belief..." Her voice sounded distant like she spoke to him from the opposite end of a tunnel. He drifted off to sleep.
He woke to Ava humming and folding linens at the foot of his bed.
"Well, look who's awake." Her long dark hair hung loose down her back. The bright pink tunic she wore gave her a more youthful appearance. 
His head ached and his lips felt dry. She handed him a glass of water. He struggled to sit up and let the sheet fall off his chest. Ava went back to folding.
"Another side-effect. Sleep for days and wake up starving and with a terrible head-ache because of thirst."
He drained the glass and carefully swung his legs over the side of the bed. His face burned. He was bare-chested and only had on a pair of light beige trousers that weren't his own.
"I've slept for days?" His eyes darted around the room. "You undressed me? Where are my clothes?" 
"No, you only slept for twenty-two hours. I had your clothes washed. Don't worry, I didn't undress you, the nurse did." She tossed his folded tunic and trousers casually to him, like he shouldn’t have a problem being undressed while unconscious. He searched his trouser pockets then threw them on the floor. He ran a hand through his hair. His heart raced.
"I... I had something important..."
Ava faced him, her face drawn, the ever-present smile faded. She pulled a folded paper from her own pocket and held it out to him.
"My brother has been looking for hours for his precious Book. I should've known you'd taken it." He expected anger, but not the sadness that showed in her eyes.
He took the paper, stood and tucked it into his waistband then grabbed her arm. She let him pull her towards him.
"Ava, I never meant to hurt anyone. But that Book doesn't belong to him. It belongs to the people in Lael. I don't know how it got here, but I need to find it. I can't let it get into the wrong hands." He turned her wrist over and traced the scar there with his finger. "This... mark you have, that your father gave you on the day of your birth, it identifies you, right? It... tells you where you belong." He looked up at her, surprised at the tears in her eyes. He pointed to his chest. "This is my mark. I don't know why, but I believe it's important. There are only three of us who have this mark. I found that out because of the Book. And if I find the other two who have this mark then... well, I need the Book so I know what has to happen next. All I know is if everything goes according to plan, Lael won't have to fear the enemy anymore. That enemy is coming after Shai and I need to protect her."
Ava nodded then pressed her other hand gently against the mark on his chest. His skin prickled beneath her warm palm. "What about Shai? Is she marked like you?"
He dropped her wrist and turned away. He pulled his sweater on before answering, his back to her. "No. At least I doubt it. She would've told me."
"But she knows about yours?" She touched his shoulder and he turned around again.
"No. It's better that she doesn't know. Safer. Until I understand it a little more. "
"Do you love her?" Ava's green eyes were wide and glittered with tears. 
Aliah shook his head. "Love is... not something I know. Feelings like that lead to infractions, and as a Watcher I have a responsibility to protect the Laelites from those crimes. I don't have to love someone to protect them." He picked up his trousers and his blanket she'd washed and shoved them into his bag. Ava watched him.
"Ace, there's something you should know. My brother knows a lot about..." She looked around then whispered, "your Book. Kael even knows who wrote it. I feel like I need to warn you not to go to Sector Seven, north of here. The leader there is dangerous. His name is Elchai."
Chills spread through Aliah’s body. He didn't expect Elchai to be in the Northern Borderless territory. He had just sent his mother and Ellersly right into Elchai’s hands.
 He swallowed hard and nodded. "Thanks."
"Be careful, Ace. I don't know what's in that Book, but my brother has spent his whole life trying to decipher its secrets. And when it arrived here the other night, they asked him to protect it, now he will do anything to find it."
Aliah slung the bag over his shoulder. "Do you know who brought the Book to him?" 
She shook her head. "I didn't see who it was."
He smiled at her. "Thank you, Ava. For everything." He walked to the door then stopped and turned around. "I'll bring the trousers back when I have a chance to wash them." He winked at the young woman then opened the heavy wood door.
"Ava!" A deep voice thundered from inside the house and Aliah smiled as Ava rushed down the hall before he shut the door. 
Relief flooded him. At least her father sounded alive and well.
CHAPTER 7
Shai

She found Kael elbow-deep in bricks and mortar, re-building a house with a group of young men. A line of sweat trickled down her back in the hot sun. Everything about Conley was intense, including its people and their weather.
She watched Kael drink from a canteen that hung from a clip off his belt. His shirtless back glistened with sweat, his dark hair shiny in the sun. He turned and wiped his face with a forearm then frowned when he saw her.
"Thought you'd gone home by now."
"I... I want to talk to you, Kael." She hated that she sounded squeaky.
He raised one eyebrow then wiped his hands on his trousers before walking over to her. "About what?" Sweat shone along his upper lip and she stared at it.
"That Book you were looking for, why is it important to you?"
"Why is it important to you?" His eyes narrowed. 
"I think it's from Lael and I just want... I just need to understand some things. About my family." She shoved her hand into her pocket and squeezed the key for reassurance. 
"I didn't know you believed in family. You're an orphan aren't you?" Kael smirked. 
Shai curled her hands into fists. How could someone with such kind-looking eyes be so cruel? She turned around and walked away with her back rigid.
Kael caught up to her and put his hand on her shoulder, turning her around. "I... I'm a little protective about that Book. It's my life's work."
"Your life's work? What are you, barely eighteen? And you've only had it for a few hours at most."
Kael threw his head back and laughed. "So, you're feisty. I may have been wrong about you."
Shai frowned. She hadn't meant to be funny. 
"I'm nineteen actually. My sister is eighteen. And yes, my whole life I've worked at deciphering the codes in that Book." The gleam disappeared from his eyes again and the brooding demeanor returned. "I don't know what you want with it, Shai from the Borderless. But I wouldn't go poking around asking questions."
"Or else?" She crossed her arms and matched his stony look.
He shook his head then leaned towards her, his face inches from hers. She could see darker flecks of green in his irises. "That key of yours... makes you a target. Just watch your back."
She pushed both hands against his chest and he stumbled back with a look of surprise. 
"When you're an orphan you learn real fast how to fend for yourself. Watch your back!" She stormed off towards a make-shift shelter.
"You and your friend better leave Conley! And today isn't soon enough!"
Shai willed herself to keep walking and not run. Her body went hot then cold. Her friend?
The shelter was full of younger woman with children on cots and blanket-nests on the ground. Ava had suggested she take a bed at the back of the shelter for more privacy. But Shai got the feeling that it was for protection, from others, or others from her, she wasn't sure which.
She threw herself across the cot and buried her face in a blanket. The heat had become nearly unbearable, but she preferred it to Lael's constant storms and bleak skies.
"Your friend is really handsome." Shai rolled over and looked up into the wrinkled face of an old woman with grey hair and watery brown eyes.
Shai shook her head and sat up. "Kael's not my friend."
The woman chuckled and sat beside Shai. She was so thin, the bed barely dented under her weight. "Kael? Oh my, no. Kael's only friend is his Book. I meant your wounded friend from Lael. Dark hair, green eyes. Heard him asking Ava about some book. I wonder if it’s the same one as Kael’s." The woman looked pointedly at Shai beneath white eye brows.
Shai's heart nearly stopped. "Aliah? He's here?"
The old woman shook her head and patted Shai's hand. Her leathery skin felt warm and dry. "His name's Ace I think, Ava said. I'm the Conley nurse. Stitched him up real good and gave him some tea to help him sleep. Been out a few hours now. He keeps calling for you in his sleep." 
She got up and smiled at Shai who sat with a stone in her stomach.
"Ava said not to bother you, but if I were in your shoes I wouldn't let that one get away." The woman wobbled away with a hitch in her step.
 Shai stared after her until she reached the shelter's entrance. "Wait!" Weaving around children playing on the floor, she hurried after the nurse.  "You mentioned the Book. Do you know what's written in it?"
The older woman smiled. "All I know is someone came here the other night asking for Kael. He went all starry-eyed when he was asked to protect that Book; went to great length's trying to keep it hidden. His father doesn't know he has it. Mallak never wanted any part of it and certainly doesn't want his children involved in any future wars. There've been many deaths surrounding that Book and if it's in the wrong hands many more will die. It's the reason why you and your friend need to stick together." She patted Shai's cheek then disappeared into the bright sun.
Shai licked her lips tasting sweat and dirt. Her head felt as though it might lift off from her shoulders and float away.
So. Aliah was here.
CHAPTER 8
Aliah

Ava hadn't said where he could find Shai. He got the impression that she didn't want him to know. Is she protecting Shai? 
He looked in several make-shift shelters and asked everyone he saw if they'd seen a blonde, blue-eyed girl. They all gave him the same look: are you kidding? Look around.  It wouldn't be easy trying to find Shai with several different Sectors helping to rebuild Conley. It seemed every eye color was represented.
He entered a large building with tables down the center, and breathed in the scent of canned vegetables and meat in broth that mingled with the smell of too many warm bodies packed into a confined space.  He tossed his bag on the nearest bench and waited in line to get a bowl. Bright sunlight streamed through the bare windows and beat on his back. He wiped his forehead on his sleeve just as someone pushed him from behind. He turned around expecting an apology, but found himself looking up into steady green eyes. The young man had broad shoulders and dark hair. The resemblance to Ava was startling.
"Kael." Aliah clenched his teeth. He pressed his forearm against his waistband, holding the page from the Book tightly against himself. 
Kael raised an eyebrow then smirked. "Ah, my reputation precedes me. Welcome to Conley. I'm sure you'll be leaving soon."
"Soon enough." The two stared at each other.
 Kael's mouth twitched. "Just mind your own business and you'll do well. My sister doesn't quite see the danger in you being here, but she doesn't know what I know."
Aliah turned back around and took the bowl of stew that was offered to him. He sat at the table and waited for Kael to walk past him with his food. He curled his fingers around a slim, table knife and slid it up inside his sleeve.
"What do you think you know, Kael?"
Kael slammed his bowl on the table and the broth sloshed out. Several people nearby jumped, and an older woman clutched her chest.
"I don't think I know, Ace! I know!" He leaned across the table. "It might seem like a good thing to bring together the Coalition, but if you're not prepared for the consequences..." Sweat popped out on Kael's forehead and trickled down his face.
"What consequences!" Aliah stood and leaned on his fists, which pressed into the table. The knife slid down, ready to drop into his palm. 
But Kael deflated, shook his head, and sat down, holding his head. All the fight seemed to have left him. "I don't know... I haven't gotten that far in deciphering it. It went missing in the fire. All I know is there are three keys and three people. If they come together... bam! The largest war between Sectors will extend to the Outerlands." His eyes looked wild, his cheeks red.
The Outerlands. Aliah stared at Kael without really listening anymore. He remembered his mother mentioning the Outerlands too. It was on the map, beyond the Division of Edan.
Aliah's attention was abruptly turned back to Kael who had started to raise his voice and jab the air with his spoon for emphasis.
"I will do everything in my power to stop that War from happening!" Kael's eyes glazed over and his lips moved. Aliah heard him chant in a low voice: "Out of the ashes, out of the fire. Born of blood, forged in tears. A passion stronger than the grave."
Aliah sat down and ate in silence. Kael stopped chanting, but remained trance-like, still holding his head. The people resumed their chatter around them, apparently accustomed to Kael's outbursts.
Aliah shook his head, grabbed his bag and stood. The motion seemed to awaken Kael. When he raised his head his face was drawn and tired-looking.
As Aliah passed him, Kael stood and gripped his shoulder. "Ava told me you're here to bring Shai back with you. But I'm warning you to leave her alone. For her sake. I know you must care for her."
Aliah side-stepped Kael and wove his way around people as he headed back outside. These people speak so much about care and love, but what do they really know? He was the one who protected Shai. Every day. And he was willing to die doing it.
He thought of the words on the page he had torn from the Book: ‘Eli and Elyon under one Commanding Officer, The Son of Thunder.’ Eli and Elyon. Who are they? Sweat prickled his upper lip. Eli. What if it’s Shai Eli? He wiped his mouth across his sleeve. No, it can’t be. That would only complicate things. Eli and Elyon are first names. So who are they? Where are they?  
The clenching of his gut told him that Kael probably knew the answer.
CHAPTER 9
Shai

She hung around the cot shelters for the afternoon, pacing and chewing the split skin around her fingernails until they bled.
She didn't want to see him. She didn't trust him. He'd lied to her. Locked her up. Left her. Then tracked her here. He knew the Book was here too. The old nurse said they should stick together. But why?
Ava came towards her with a huge smile. She clapped her hands together. "Good news! The power's back on and we have running water again!" Ava grabbed Shai's arms and twirled her around.
"Power?"
"Yes! Sector One manufactures power, converting water into usable energy to supply the Division with electricity. The Borderless, as well as Lael, doesn't live with power, of course, so you wouldn't know that. But the best news is that we can get cleaned up." She took Shai's elbow and pulled her along as she walked.
"Everyone is working so quickly and efficiently together. I don't think I've ever seen the Sectors come together like this. By the end of the week we should have half the houses rebuilt." She laughed and Shai couldn't help but smile. Ava's exuberance reminded her of Sileas. She blinked back tears and bit the inside of her cheek.
"So, where's your Bath House?"
"Bath House? No, no... you mean bath room. Every house is equipped with one. Where... where do you bathe?"
"We have a community bath house, but we respect each other's Privacy Rules." She added the last part when she saw Ava frown. The heat turned Ava's face shiny red and her curly dark hair stuck to the sides of her face and forehead. Curls like Aliah's. 
"Hey, Shai. You look sad all of a sudden. You okay?"
"I just... I heard Ace was here. I know you've seen him. I... don't really want to see him. He doesn't want to hurt me, I know, but..."
Ava cleared her throat. "You don't have to explain. It's okay. He packed up and left a while ago. To look for you I think. Says he won't leave without you. Stay in my house tonight. He won't expect you to be there and besides Kael will be there, so Aliah won't dare try and see you." 
She took Shai's hand and swung their clasped hands between them as they walked. Shai looked at their interlaced fingers and a dim memory bubbled up, but deflated as quickly as it came.
Then she thought of Kael. He'd be in the same house as Shai. Ava meant well when she hinted that Aliah wouldn't get past her brother, but Ava didn't know Aliah. Nothing stopped him from doing what he intended to do. She wasn't sure who she felt safer being around. She didn't want to see Aliah, but she wasn't so sure she wanted to see Kael either.
The opulence of Ava's family home left Shai awe-struck. Each room had a particular theme and scent. Lilies in the Great Room with dark wood and orange accents, a clean linen scent in the Dining Room which was painted light blue with white furnishings, fresh bread in the Kitchen and eucalyptus in the guest room, set up as a temporary nursing station. She paused in the guest room and stared at the cot with rumpled sheets and the dent in the pillow. Aliah had been here. A flash of heat struck her chest as she imagined his dark head on the pillow, his lean body lying under the white sheets.
Ava squeezed her hand. "Come. I'll show you the bathroom."
Shai allowed herself to be led to a sea-foam blue colored room with an oversized oval tub. A stack of fuzzy towels sat in a wicker basket near the tub next to a white bath mat that Shai longed to scrunch her bare toes in. She felt Ava watching her and turned to see a tender look on the young woman's face.
"Your appreciation for simple things reminds me of my mother. She had a great love for Conley's textiles. She enjoyed filling each room with different colors and fabrics just so she could look at them and touch them." She dropped Shai's hand and turned the faucet on the big tub.
"It's all yours. The adjoining door leads to the room you can stay in for the night. I'll make sure you have clean clothes." 
"What happened? To your mother?" Shai asked quietly.
Ava dropped her eyes, a shadow crossed her face. "She died. In some war or something. I'm... not really sure exactly. Neither my father nor my brother talk about her anymore." Her face brightened again. "I'm sure you'll enjoy this bath tub. Take your time."
After a deliciously long, hot bath, Shai put on a pair of clean blue trousers and a lemon yellow shirt with no sleeves. She twirled around a few times, enjoying the comfort of the new style of clothing. She loved the way her cheeks looked healthy and pink against the shirt’s bright color.
She let her damp hair hang loose around her shoulders to dry. Before she left the guest room she tucked the key beneath the mattress. 
The hallway glowed with a soft light that emanated from little glass globes suspended from the ceiling. She marveled at the way they lit up without having a flame inside. She walked down the hall toward the Great Room staring at the ceiling and bumped into someone.
"Sorry." She mumbled, but couldn't see who it was because of the dark spots in front of her eyes. She blinked, and gradually a face materialized.
"Kael." She started to move past him but he put his arm out, resting his hand on the wall. She pressed her back against the wall when he leaned toward her. His face had been shaved, his dark hair damp and curling around his ears and neck. He smelled like soap. She hated the way she felt light-headed around him.
"Be careful, Shai." It was the first time he'd spoken to her without a scowl. His eyes met hers and her face flushed. She pressed harder against the warmth of the wood wall. Her heart pounded in her ears.
"I'm always careful. But why do you care?"
"That Ace... he, uh, I don't trust him. Just be careful." The corners of his mouth turned down slightly, his eyes concerned. "I know we got off to a bad start... but I just wanted to warn you. He's no good for you." 
She put her hand on Kael's arm. Solid, and warm. "Excuse me. But you don't know me. You don't know what's good or not good for me." She felt his arm tighten beneath her hand, the hard bulge of his muscle. He wasn't going to move.
"Shai. You don't understand. If he finds out you have that key... he'll do anything to get it." He leaned closer to her and put his mouth to her ear. "I mean anything."
She frowned and put her arm across his chest then shoved him. He caught her arm and held her wrist firmly.
"Let me go! I've known Aliah my whole life! He would do anything to protect me, not hurt me!"
Kael released her, his eyes suddenly hard, mouth hanging open. "Aliah? As in the Division Leader's son?"
Too late, Shai realized she'd used Aliah's real name. She ran down the hall back to her room. 
She slammed the door behind her and leaned against it, chest heaving.
Who was the Division Leader? The only leaders she knew were her own Gracious Leader of Lael, Kael and Ava's father, and of course Samael.
Who was Aliah's father?
CHAPTER 10
Aliah

Fury burned inside him. He didn't like that Kael had put himself in the position of protecting Shai. He needed to find Shai and leave Sector Three.
Aliah asked a group of people hauling brick in a large wooden box on wheels if they'd seen Shai. They shook their heads. He cursed and they frowned as he slung his bag over his shoulder, bumping the wound in his side.
He could move relatively pain-free now; the salve had worked. Just a thin scar remained where the wound had been, but it was still tender to the touch.
He re-adjusted the bag and peeked his head into another shelter full of women and children. He watched them for a few moments, suddenly exhausted. Fatigue coursed through every part of him. If only he could lie down. He forced himself to move on to the next shelter.
A figure in grey trousers and a beige tunic walked down the street toward him. Dark hair brushed the top of broad shoulders. Each stride was long and purposeful. Aliah's stomach lurched. He recognized that walk. It couldn't be. It had been too long. He dropped his bag on the ground and stood with his feet apart, waiting. Watching.
As the figure got closer, Aliah saw dark stubble on the cheeks, a dimpled chin and pale blue eyes that turned his blood cold. The scar that ran a jagged path from his right eye to the corner of his mouth brought up a memory that pricked Aliah’s eyes with heat and dampened his palms.
Remiel.
"You're supposed to be dead." Aliah's voice came out thick and scratchy.
"That's a fine greeting." Remiel's eyes held his in a long look.
Aliah's head spun and spots swam before his eyes like he'd been looking into the sun too long. He squeezed his eyes shut then re-opened them. Remiel was still there, grinning. Remiel touched Aliah's shoulder making his skin blaze fiery hot beneath Remiel's touch. 
Aliah stepped back, his hands in front of his face like a shield. "Don't touch me!"
"I won't hurt you, Aliah. I'm here to help you. Both you and Shai."  Remiel picked Aliah's bag off the ground and slung it across his own back. "Let me help you. You look tired."
Aliah rubbed his hands over his face. Go away, go away! "I don't want your help, Remiel! I thought I made that clear a long time ago. How..." He let the rest of the question dangle. He knew Remiel had an uncanny way of answering questions before they were asked.
Remiel began walking and Aliah followed two feet behind. This is not happening. 
Pictures suddenly flashed through his mind, pictures he had stuffed away in the corner of his memory: yelling at Remiel on the bridge in Lael, punching him over and over until the blood ran from a deep gash in his face and Aliah's knuckles swelled. Pushing Remiel off the bridge and watching him float down the river. The faces of the children as they witnessed it all. Shai, her eyes swollen with tears and refusing to listen to his explanation.
He stared at the back of Remiel's head as he walked. Is he really alive?
"I'm alive because my life was never in your hands, Aliah. You wear that pendant because Samael convinced you that you'd die without it. But what you don't know will kill you. The Essence inside it is poisoning your mind. Altering your memories."
Remiel turned around. His blue eyes shone with unshed tears. "You went to Samael to cover up what you believed you'd done to me. He convinced you of your guilt and helped you cover it up. But you couldn't erase your conscience. I know you remember."
Aliah shook his head then held his hands over his ears. Shut up! If he yelled at the top of his voice maybe it would drown out Remiel.
"Now the Laelites live with the lie that Samael helped you create: the lie of the pendants. No one remembers that day. No one remembers me because you traded the truth for a lie. But you remember. Even if you remember nothing else about us, I know you remember that day. And Mara remembers, doesn't she? Because she lives without the pendant now." Remiel's eyes remained fixed, staring into Aliah's soul, piercing through flesh and bone.
Still Aliah yelled. His throat hurt and his head ached from his own screams, but he could still hear Remiel. He closed his eyes and dropped to his knees, squeezing his ears so hard they popped with the pressure.
"Get rid of the pendant, Aliah." Remiel's voice spoke softly, but ripped through his head like a double-edged blade. "You sold out to your enemy. You've forgotten who you are, but that can change. Just take the pendant off."
Aliah could barely breathe. His chest hurt. His head hurt. Blood trickled down his throat. He'd probably die in Conley's streets with everyone watching.
Remiel's voice became softer. "Shai is going to find the Book. She has to do it, Aliah. Don't try and stop her."
Aliah collapsed on the ground, his breath coming in jerks. His face was wet. Had he been crying? He uncovered his ears and opened his eyes. He wasn't on the street. He was laying on a cot in a shelter, with the old nurse leaning over him. The light of the full moon revealed her wrinkled face, full of concern.
"Maybe you want some more of that tea, Ace? You've been crying in your sleep." 
He sat up and ran a hand through his hair. His tunic stuck to his damp skin. All around him people slept on cots or on the floor under a mound of blankets. He shook his head.
"No, no. Thanks, Nurse. I... I just need air."
She smiled and nodded at him. He stepped over the sleeping bodies and stood in the entrance to the shelter. A gentle wind ruffled his hair and he inhaled the breeze with a shuddering breath. He knew better than to believe it'd only been a dream. It must have been a trance, or a vision similar to Shai's visions of Remiel.
Shai started having visions of Remiel after Aliah had killed him. He never knew why she had them, just like he didn't know why he couldn't erase certain images from his mind. He couldn't remember anything else though, like how long ago it had happened. Time seemed to have folded in on itself.
No one remembered anything about that day, not even Shai. Pieces of memories that were more like flashbacks rained down on him periodically like ash during a raid-fire. He wished he could erase them entirely, but somehow it always flowed back to him on waves of guilt.
He touched the chain at his throat. Twisted the glass pendant until it pinched his neck. He'd seen Shai play with hers like that more than a dozen times ever since the day Samael put it around her neck. She was always touching it and twisting it, like she knew it didn't belong there. 
But he knew she didn't remember the day Samael brought the pendants to Lael. 
Aliah turned his face up to the star-speckled sky. He inhaled the crisp, evening air and rammed his fingers into his hair. An image flashed into his mind, and beads of sweat broke out on his upper lip.
Amusement on Samael’s face made the corners of his mouth twitch. His fingers lingered on  
Shai’s skin as he fastened the pendant around her neck. 
“No,” Aliah whispered to the moon. I should have ripped that pendant off her. I should have told her it was all a lie. A big mistake. If I would’ve confessed to the infraction none of this would be happening.
He pulled on his own chain and felt it give slightly. One quick tug and he'd be rid of it. He dropped it back inside his tunic. I can’t do it. I don’t want the other memories. 
How much longer would it be until his mental anguish became greater than the pain it took to change? He clenched his teeth. Hold it together. For Shai’s sake.
CHAPTER 11
Shai

She had let her guard down for too long. She enjoyed these people too much. She had even begun to enjoy their physical contact, breaking her own personal Rule. Shai caught herself stealing glimpses of Kael, looking at him longer than the situation called for while her heart raced its warning: strong feelings are dangerous.
She laid in bed staring up at the ceiling. The moon shone brighter here than in Lael, and its soft light came through the window and slanted across one wall. 
She didn't want to leave these people, but her time was running out. In seventeen days Elchai would come to get her unless he had already discovered her missing. What would he do? Send a search party? Come for her himself?
I have to leave, but where should I go?  Ava confirmed that the old world of Edan had been divided into seven Sectors with Lael in the center. Conley was Sector Three but, Shai didn't know where the other Sectors were located or which one she should go to.
She had followed the trail East from Thunder Manor through the Borderless, so going west was out, she'd only be backtracking, so that left North or South. But she couldn't leave without finding the Book. Even though she didn't know what to do once she found it.
The old nurse said Kael always kept the Book hidden. After the fire he'd been looking through the ashes of the Supply House for it, but she didn't think he found it yet.
Ava told her the Watchers had started the fire. If Aliah was known to them as "Ace," then it confirmed he had another identity. Why is Aliah here? To look for me? Or to look for the Book? She turned to face the wall and ran a thumb nail along a thin crack in the paint. The shadows of her fingers stretched long and skinny. A strange and dark version of her hands. She shuddered and rolled back over. Lately it seemed as though Aliah had become a strange, dark version of himself.  Who is he really? Who is his father?  
If only Remiel would appear now. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to conjure him up. She even tried chanting his name a few times, but neither the familiar colored dots appeared nor the darkening of her vision.
She finally flipped off the covers and sat up. A strangled sound erupted from her throat. A shadowy form filled the window.  She started to scream, but the figure leaped on her and smashed his hand over her mouth. 
She tried to bite his hand, but her lips were pressed so hard against her teeth that she tasted blood. She gagged and struggled against him. He pushed her down and straddled her, his hand pressing her lips harder against her teeth. The more she squirmed and kicked the tighter he held her down. She could hardly breathe.
She pressed her arms against the bed and grabbed two fistfuls of bed sheet. Just breathe…
The moonlight glinted off the man's short blonde hair and when he leaned closer to her she saw his face in the half-light. 
Zev. 
She hadn't noticed until then that he had one arm behind his back. When he brought his arm out she saw the glint of steel in his hand. He pressed the tip of the knife against her throat. It pricked her skin and she winced. Something wet and warm trickled down her neck. She stared at him, his face half hidden by shadows. His mouth curled into a snarl. He leaned over her, his mouth so close to her face she felt the brush of his lips against her cheek.
"Your life is in my hands," he whispered. His breath sent waves of heat down her neck as his mouth moved to her ear. "If you deliver the Book to me in Gershom I will spare your life. You have seventeen days." 
She twisted beneath him until one arm became free. She dug her fingers into the flesh of his wounded shoulder. He yelled, his body contorted and she kicked him off her. He twisted sideways and grabbed her nightshirt as she rolled to the edge of the bed. 
She heard fabric ripping. She grabbed the hem of her nightshirt and wrenched it from him. The momentum made her lose her balance and she fell to the floor.
"Shai, you alright?" Kael's voice came through her closed door.  Her heart leaped into her throat. Zev's face appeared at the edge of the bed looking wild-eyed and furious. Before she could move he leaped.
The door opened and Kael stepped in. The moon shone across his bare feet, his night clothes a ghostly-white.
"My room's next door. I heard you yelling..." She watched his feet come closer. She laid still, face down on the soft rug beside the bed. He got down on one knee near her head.
"Are you going to get up?" He offered her his hand. Her throat squeezed. Where was Zev? She got up on her hands and knees then took Kael's hand. He pulled her to her feet and gave her a funny look, his mouth twisted in a half-grin, eyes bright in the moonlight.
"Must've been some nightmare. You, uh, ripped your nightshirt and you must have scratched yourself. You're bleeding."
She glanced down. The neck of her nightshirt had torn several inches, exposing her left shoulder. She touched her throat where the tip of Zev's knife had nicked her. It stung, but didn't bleed much.
She turned around and scanned the room. 
He's gone. 
A shadow flitted past the window. She ran and looked out. No sign of Zev, just a wolf that ran across the street and disappeared into the trees.
CHAPTER 12

Aliah

The sky had turned a soft pink and began deepening to rose when he shoved his blanket, cloak, and the table knife he'd stolen into his bag before leaving the shelter. He began walking to the last row of shelters to find Shai.
His eyes hurt like they'd been washed with sand and he smelled briny. There was no time to wash. He had to find Shai and leave Conley. Heading to Kent, where Elchai was, seemed to be the safest option. Since Elchai and Samael were enemies, Elchai would likely offer protection. He didn't relish the thought of seeing Elchai, but he had too many things to worry about, like Zev, who was still out there somewhere. His sudden appearance at the Manor pointed to something disturbing. What if he was working for Samael? If he found Shai before Aliah did, then Shai would be delivered to the enemy. Exactly as Samael wanted.
He rubbed his eyes with a thumb and forefinger. He was already in trouble without entertaining those kinds of thoughts.  He could almost feel the breath of his pursuers on the back of his neck. He thought of the stories that circulated around Lael. The stories of Samael's Hunters-- wraiths that chased the souls of the wandering Borderless who had no pendant for protection. 
Aliah cursed himself for being afraid of such a thing, but a shiver still ran up his back like he'd passed through a cold shadow.  Sileas's death proved that Samael was capable of anything. What if Samael realized I’ve left Lael and he already sent out his Hunters? The death-spirits will suck the life from me.
"Leaving?"
Aliah spun around. Ava stood behind him. Her long hair, free of its braid, rippled in the breeze like a black cape behind her.
"Yes. I...uh, don't want to complicate things around here. You're in the middle of re-building and I told you I only came to find Shai."
"Go home, Ace." Ava narrowed her eyes the way her brother did. "Shai doesn't want to see you. She's with Kael right now. We will look after her. Just... go home."
Aliah frowned. "I thought you understood why I need to take her with me when I leave. It seems like you're doing everything you can to keep me from her. You and your brother. But there's something you don't know. Something that doesn't involve you."
"Oh, I think it does. When you stepped onto Conley land, took what doesn't belong to you and started that fire, you involved me. Shai came to me, and if she says she doesn't want to see you then that's good enough for me."
Aliah's pulse throbbed in his neck. He stepped in front of Ava. The scent of sage and lemongrass swirled around her on the breeze, making him dizzy. 
He searched her face, looking past the steely eyes and set jaw. She’s vulnerable. 
He dug into his tunic pocket and pulled out Eliana's pendant. It was his last hope. He stepped close and skimmed her arm with his thumb. He heard her inhale sharply at his touch, then exhale slowly while her shoulders dropped a little. He spoke softly, keeping his eyes steady on hers. 
"Ava, just give this to her. I need you right now.  Please do this for me. And tell her I won't leave until I see her."  He coiled the chain into Ava's palm and let his fingertips brush hers.  "And tell your father and Arlie I'm sorry...  for what happened."
Her face softened. "I don't know who you really are, Ace, Watcher of Lael, but I wish... I wish things were different between us." She closed her hand around the pendant. "When you leave, I'm sure Arlie will come out of hiding, and I'll let him know your regrets." She smiled a little. "And I'll make sure Shai gets this. But whether or not she sees you will be up to her."
Aliah watched her walk away. His fingertips tingled where he'd touched her. He hoped the memory of their contact would linger on her skin for a while.
When she'd touched his birthmark earlier he felt something pass between them that he thought only existed between him and Shai. Something powerful and frightening. And the hunger he saw in Ava’s eyes compelled him to act on his impulse. 
He hoped it worked.
CHAPTER 13
Shai

Breakfast was awkward as Shai sat at a long table in the Dining Room, slowly stirring a steaming bowl of oats and cream. Ava's bowl sat beside her untouched, her father's needs coming before her own. Kael's dark head bent over his breakfast across from Shai. His eyes never quite met hers every time she stole a glance in his direction.
"Want to talk about last night?" He spoke into his bowl making his voice sound as thick as the porridge he hunched over.
"There's nothing to say." Shai continued to stir the cream in her bowl, staring but not really seeing.
Kael dropped his spoon on the table, the loud clang startled Shai. "Nothing to say? C'mon Shai. I'm not stupid. I know about your friend Ace. Don't forget I studied the Division history. I know who he is." He looked at her with fury.
"No, Kael. You don't know anything at all." Shai pushed back her chair and took her half-eaten breakfast to the sink. She felt Kael's eyes on her.
"I know more than you think. I know you're running. Away from everything you were taught to believe. Away from that guy who thinks he owns you."
Shai laughed. "That's what you think I'm doing?" She wiped her hands on a towel. "Well, you're half right. I am running. Running from being chosen to be the mother of the next Leader. Running from a life in Lael, which isn't a life at all." She twisted the towel in her hands until her knuckles turned white. She'd never admitted it before-- the deep dissatisfaction with her life and the yearning for something more. She'd often felt it, but crammed it down, shoved it deep inside until only an achy-numbness remained.
Kael walked over to her, took the towel from her, and held her hands in his. Their warmth comforted her, but also unnerved her.
He whistled softly. "Wow. I didn't know that.  I'm sorry." The softness in his voice hurt. She didn't have the energy to sort through emotions she'd avoided feeling her whole life. Anger was less complicated and fear was familiar. This feeling in her stomach was different. It frightened her. Made her feel like a sleeping giant was lying coiled up inside her. If it woke up she feared she'd never be able to control it.
Kael put his hands on either side of her face. The intimacy of his touch sent waves of heat racing down her back and into her toes. She resisted the impulse to pull away.
"Kael, I..." She started, but he slid his thumb over her lips.
"Shai, I know about you too. Where you're from. I know that Lael teaches you to believe that you won't be accepted until you've kept every Law and Rule. I've studied the Laelite ways. I can even say I understand it, sort of." He moved his thumb from her mouth to gently touch the tiny wound on her throat. "But what you believe doesn't change what I believe."
Shai's face flamed. Her legs threatened to buckle. "What do you believe?" She whispered.
"I believe that one day you'll trust what you feel right now." He moved closer. His mouth was suddenly against her neck, then along her collar bone. His hands on the back of her head and lacing up through her hair, pulling her gently towards him. His chest against hers. Her heart beating with his. His mouth worked its way up to her ear, each warm exhale made tiny shivers run up and down her arms.
When his lips touched her cheek she moved her hands around to his back without thinking. Her fingers curled into his shirt, her knuckles pressing against the hard knot of his back muscles. She breathed through slightly parted lips, the smell of his skin and hair made her too light-headed.
His mouth was at the corner of hers, sharing her air. And then his lips met hers. Soft and sticky-sweet. The room spun and she closed her eyes. She moved her trembling hands from his back to his chest, felt his heart beating, almost as fast as hers. Felt him inhale. Felt the sleeping giant open one eye. Oh no. Stop!
She pushed Kael lightly at first, then with a sudden urgency. He broke away and she opened her eyes. Their hands still on each other. He smiled and she stared at his mouth, not believing what had just happened.
"Um. Wow, I don't uh... you've never been kissed have you?" He sounded breathless.
She licked her lips, but the feeling of his mouth on hers remained.
The sound of someone coming into the kitchen made them leap apart.
"Oh. I hope I didn't interrupt anything." Ava's face looked flushed, her eyes red-rimmed and bright. "Ace asked me to give this to you, Shai. He's waiting to see you. He won't leave until he does apparently." She dropped something on the table then turned to go.
"Ava!" Kael called out and started after his sister. "Wait! You... didn't eat. It's getting cold."
"I'm not hungry." The sound of her retreating footsteps echoed down the hall. Shai wondered how she had never heard Ava approaching. 
Kael stood silent near the door of the kitchen for a moment then turned around. "Shai, I have to go talk to her. I'll see you later."
When he'd gone she picked up what Ava left on the table: a silver chain attached to a slender, silver tube. Eliana's pendant. Holding her breath, she pushed the cap off. The pale yellow grains of Eliana's Essence were still there.
Her head seemed too heavy for her shoulders. She leaned against a chair and exhaled sharply, waiting until the room stopped spinning. Eliana was still alive and Aliah had come here to let her know. He'd been wanting to see her to tell her that and all this time she'd avoided him because she suspected him of having ulterior motives. I have to thank him.
She returned to the bedroom and pushed her few belongings into a linen bag she’d found. She slung the long handle across her chest and let the bag hang against her left hip.
She held Eliana's pendant in front of the bedroom window, the sun glinted off the pale stone on the front, so similar to her own. She put it around her neck with trembling hands. She knew that by doing so she'd become responsible for Eliana's life.
She stepped into the hall and suddenly felt strange. She was torn. She felt alive with Kael's touch and didn't want to leave, but she also knew it wasn't safe to stay here. She forced her feet to move through the hall and out the front door. Voices coming from the side of the house gave her pause.
"I don't care, Kael! You can't tell me not to get involved with him then go and kiss her!" Ava sounded frustrated and angry. Shai's heart hammered. The ‘him’ could only be Aliah.  Her mouth went dry. Kael mumbled something in response. "Well if they're so dangerous why'd you do it?" Ava's voice rose higher and louder with each word. Footsteps sounded, coming closer. Shai hurried away.
"I have a plan, Ava. Trust me!" The ice in Kael's voice made Shai sick. Kissing her was part of his plan? I should never have let him touch me. 
The memory of his kiss burned her cheeks.
She began to run. The pendant bounced against her chest, keeping time with her heartbeats. Reminding her that not everything Lael believed was wrong.
CHAPTER 14
Aliah

He sat with his back against a tree at the entrance to Conley. Sweat gathered on his forehead and he rubbed an arm across his face for the hundredth time. He gazed into the clear blue sky trying to decide which was worse, Lael's rain or Conley's heat.
His birthmark flared. Shai came towards him. Even though she was still several feet away he could see her internal struggle. The defiance in the tilt of her chin. She stormed past him without as much as a sideways glance.
"Let's go," she said through clenched teeth.
Aliah grabbed his bag and stood up. "So, I guess you got the pendant." He walked behind her, staring at her back as he shielded his eyes from the sun. He saw her shoulders lift. Was she crying?
"Guess I did." She wasn't crying. Her tone was void of emotion. He imagined a rock would sound like that if a rock could speak, cold and flat.
"Then you changed your mind about letting me protect you?" When she didn't answer he sighed. They walked in silence for a while through the sun-dappled trees, Aliah always a few steps behind. He knew better than to press her to talk. She would when she was ready.
In a dense thicket of trees Shai whirled around suddenly, her shoulders rigid, her lips a thin line. "You locked me up!" Her arms hung at her sides, but she had balled her hands into white-knuckled fists.
"I..."
"You. Locked. Me. Up."
"Shai, it was for your protection. I had to."
"My protection? Aliah, you left me!" Her fists had begun to clench and unclench and her chin wobbled. He could see her resolve crumbling. He dropped his bag and came towards her, but she held up a hand.
"No, Aliah. I don't know how you can undo this one. You've always played by the rules, but I see they've always been your rules!"
Aliah’s palms grew sticky. She doesn’t really know. Does she? "Shai, I locked you in that room to protect you from the Leader after he ordered Sileas's death. You knew that. I had no intention of leaving you. It was only for one day. And Zev..."
"Zev! He nearly killed me!" Her voice was getting higher, louder. She looked decidedly less like a Laelite by the second.
"Killed you? I saw him when I got back to the Manor. It looked like it was you who did a number on him."
"Not then. Last night. He came into my room." Her hand went to her throat and he could see the tremors in her fingers. He came to her and gripped her shoulders with both hands. 
She put a hand against his chest and the familiar heat spread beneath her touch. "I was so scared." Her wide eyes glistened with unshed tears. 
His knees weakened when he saw a small red nick in the hollow of her throat. How could Zev have gotten to her right under his nose? His stomach clenched like he had been punched. Zev had my knife. Went after her when I was distracted with… Remiel.
Shai blinked and a single tear dripped onto her cheek. He pulled her to him and crushed her against his chest, expecting her to push him away. She didn't. Something had changed in her.
He felt the heat of her breaths against his chest, but she didn't cry. He almost wished she would.
She was rigid in his arms like she'd been wound too tight, but he was lucky to be holding her at all.
"Zev came after me because of the Book. He told me to bring it to him." Her words were muffled against Aliah’s chest.  He stiffened. A trickle of sweat ran down the middle of his back. 
Dammit Zev! And damn the Book!
She pushed away from him then looked up with sad eyes. "You know. I can feel it. You know."
Her accusation stung. He couldn't escape their connection. She knew when he lied like he knew when she was in trouble. Except for last night. Damn Remiel too! 
He sighed and retrieved his bag. How could he tell her that he suspected Zev's demand on her was likely just a fail-safe for Samael, in case Aliah failed to deliver Shai?
"Aliah, is there something you’re not telling me?"
Before he could respond, a twig snapped, catching their attention. Aliah turned around and instinctively pushed Shai behind him. He searched the trees, but saw nothing. 
"C'mon." He grabbed Shai's elbow and steered her away. Thankful for the distraction from their conversation. "We'll travel by night and sleep by day. We have to find a place to rest right now... away from Conley." He kept his voice low.
"But where are we going?"
He squeezed her arm gently before raising his voice loud enough for anyone nearby to hear. He hoped to throw any pursuers off their trail if they lost sight of them. "We'll go south."
CHAPTER 15
Shai

Her anger subsided after she'd given in to it briefly. So much for telling Aliah thanks for the pendant.  She blew an upward breath to push her hair off her face. Seems like Conley’s emotional responses are contagious. Or maybe it was because she was starting to let go of old beliefs. Either way, feeling every emotion was more exhausting than stuffing them down. She didn't know which was worse.
She let Aliah lead her by the elbow until they came to a thick grove of trees, different from those they'd been traveling through. The trees here were short with wide trunks and a tangle of branches. Aliah hoisted his bag onto the branch of the nearest tree then took Shai's and threw hers up beside his.
"What are you...?”
Aliah put a finger to his lips and motioned with his head to another tree on their left. Shai flicked her eyes over Aliah's shoulder and caught movement behind a tree less than fifty feet away. Her mouth went dry. I hope that’s not Zev.
Aliah threw his cloak to her, motioning her to put it on. She hadn't even noticed he'd taken it from his bag. 
The rough brown fabric hung to her ankles and the sleeves swallowed her fingers. But at least it'd be less noticeable than the bright yellow shirt she was wearing.
Aliah pointed up and mouthed the word climb. She crossed her arms and shook her head. 
No way would she let him put her in another 'safe' spot again. She'd stand and fight, and die trying if she had to. Aliah grabbed the collar of the cloak and pulled her roughly to him. He yanked the hood on her head making the sunlight disappear, then shoved her backwards toward the tree. His no-nonsense attitude made her scrabble up the tree as fast as she could.
A flash of hot and cold ran down her back as she grabbed a fat branch and hauled herself up. In her periphery the shadow moved to another tree. Closer.
Shai used her knee for balance and pulled herself onto the next branch. The cloak snagged and when she reached back to yank it free, she glimpsed Aliah standing below the tree with his arms at his sides and his feet shoulder-width apart. Waiting, like he had been expecting this moment.
Why doesn't he grab a weapon of some kind? Even a stick would be better than nothing.
She yanked the fabric and the cloak came free of the branch. She'd climbed hundreds of trees before with ease, but her thighs shook and her fingers felt numb with every pull. Finally, she rested against the trunk on a wide limb and watched Aliah on the ground. He stiffened and his hands curled into fists. Her chest flared with such a jolt of heat she nearly fell out of the tree. She couldn't twist around to see what Aliah was looking at, but she didn't have to wait long to find out.
A shadow blotted out the sun and surrounded Aliah. The grass flattened, and stones overturned beneath a dark shadow like it had weight, a substance thicker than air. Shai hugged her knees. Aliah must have known what this thing was that had been watching them, waiting for the right opportunity to attack. She had a sick feeling that it couldn't be fought off with weapons.
A long, low sigh erupted from below. Louder than a whisper, yet softer than a scream. It gripped Shai with ice-cold fingers. Her muscles involuntarily bunched, shaking and shivering with a violence she'd never experienced before. The sound filled her head. She wanted to close her eyes and clamp her hands over her ears but she couldn't tear her eyes away from Aliah.
He stepped deeper into the shadow until Shai could only see his outline. He covered his face with his arms and dropped to his knees. His head yanked back by an invisible force and the low sigh grew deeper, louder until it vibrated inside her. She pressed her back harder against the rough bark of the tree. Aliah's face became visible through the darkness surrounding him. His mouth hung open, head tipped to the sky, eyes glassy and staring. The shadow began to disappear into Aliah's open mouth, streaming like a black vapor between his parted lips. The moans came from him.
Horrified, she watched the shadow swallow Aliah up from the inside out. No! I can’t just sit here and watch this! The color seemed to have been sucked out of Aliah's face, his skin a frightening white-grey pallor, translucent like Conley's clouds.
She tore off a small branch, making as much noise as possible, but the shadow didn't release Aliah. 
She threw the branch to the ground. "No!" She screamed. The shadow stopped then suddenly reversed and began to pour out of Aliah's mouth like black vomit. His mouth opened and closed in a gulping motion, then he fell backwards onto the ground.
The vapor serpentined along the ground until it reached the trunk of her tree and swallowed everything it touched in its cavernous throat. Nothing was visible, in its wake, but deep darkness. Her fingers curled around the tree branch. The rough bark pressed into her palm until she was sure it drew blood. Suddenly the shadow stopped at the toes of her boots like it was looking for her. A damp chill surrounded her and soaked into her body through her clothing. She kicked, trying to knock it from the branch when it turned and came towards her.
Terror clawed at her stomach. I have nothing to fight it off with.
Then she remembered that Aliah had told her to be quiet before she climbed the tree. Maybe it couldn't really see her, only hear her. She sat straddling the branch, her bottom lip crushed between her teeth. Be quiet. Her whole body trembled, causing the tree branch to quake beneath her. 
The shadow draped itself around her leg then curled up her thigh, its weight heavier than a wet blanket. She crossed her ankles and gripped the branch tighter with both hands. The shadow slithered across her belly and up onto her chest. Its weight became a crushing pain that squeezed her chest. Her breath escaped in a whoosh. A sharp snap startled her. Was it her ribs or the branch breaking? She arched against the tree in a struggle to suck the air. The edges of her vision darkened. 
No! If she lost consciousness she would fall. She bit her lip harder and felt her teeth sink into her flesh. Icy fingers clawed at her chin, trying to force itself between her lips. She twisted her head away while fighting to remain upright on her narrow perch. Her lungs burned. Every cell screamed for air.
"Shai!" A voice filled her head and took the edge off her panic. "Shai, focus on my voice."
Remiel?  Her vision grew darker. Every emotion other than fear had been sucked into the vacuum that was suffocating her. Nothing but darkness deeper than midnight filled her vision.
In desperation, she opened her mouth to inhale a shuddering breath and the vapor filled it.  She gagged as it scratched the back of her throat like filthy fingernails. A sulfuric taste filled her mouth as the shadow consumed her from the inside out.
Remiel…help…me.
CHAPTER 16
Aliah

What died and rotted in my mouth? He coughed and spit into the dirt. His body ached like he'd spent the night sleeping on a bed of rocks. When his vision cleared he pushed himself up, his chest squeezed with panic.
Shai.
She was lying on the ground, her hair fanned out around her face, her eyes closed. He leaned over and rubbed his finger across her cheek. Warm. She breathed through slightly parted lips.
"She saved you." A voice behind him startled him. He scrambled to his knees and moved protectively closer to Shai. Remiel emerged from the trees carrying a load of sticks and dry moss. He knelt near a circle of rocks on the ground a few feet away and began to arrange the wood and moss into a little mound inside the rock ring. Aliah's insides quivered. Remiel's movements were peculiar.  Deliberate. Almost like he was actually alive and not just a vision.
"What are you doing here, Remiel?" 
Remiel's dark head stayed bent over his task. He rubbed a stick furiously against a piece of bark with a clump of moss on it.
"Aren't you glad I'm here?" 
Aliah groaned. He'd always hated the way Remiel answered a question with a question.
"I mean, you appeared to me in Conley and now here. What are you doing?"
"You believe I appeared to you? I've always been here, Aliah. Watching the Watchers as they watch Lael. You just couldn't see me." 
Remiel blew on the moss as it started to smoke before a small flame burst from it. He smiled and placed it inside his mound of sticks.
"Right. I saw you die, Remiel. That day on the bridge. I saw your body get washed away. If I didn't… kill you then why did I go through so much trouble to...cover it up?" Aliah hissed and glanced down at Shai. She seemed to still be asleep.
"Guilt." Remiel stood and moved nearer to Shai. "It makes you believe strange things." He put his hands under Shai's armpits. "Help me move her closer to the fire."
Aliah grabbed Shai's feet and they moved her to a spot near the fire. Remiel took Shai's bag which he must've retrieved from the tree branch, and placed it under her head. He tossed Aliah's bag to him.
"Then where have you been all this time?" Aliah licked his dry, cracked lips.
Remiel squatted near the fire. "I've been around. But mostly I've been with Elchai in Kent."
Aliah watched him poke the fire with a long stick before turning to rummage in his bag for his canteen. After a long swig of water he looked at Remiel again.
"Then what made you come back here?"
"Her.” Remiel nodded in Shai’s direction. “I had to save her, after she saved you." 
Aliah stood across from Remiel watching as he coaxed the flames higher while Shai laid restlessly beside him, breathing in gulps of air. A pang of jealousy hit him. It wasn't Remiel's job to protect Shai.
"Why do you keep saying that? What do you mean Shai ‘saved’ me?"
"You don't remember?"
Aliah tossed his bag on the ground then collapsed beside it. "If I remembered I wouldn't be asking you, would I?" He rubbed his face with trembling hands.
"The Hunter had you, Aliah. Why do you think I told you to give up your pendant back in Conley when I saw you? I knew Samael would send his Hunter after you. That thing followed you here."
Aliah shuddered. "So how did she save me?"
"She yelled. Drew its attention away from you to her." Remiel sighed then sat back on his heels, his arms around his knees.
"Then how did she survive it?" Aliah glanced at Shai who'd begun to thrash.
"She fought it. She's still fighting it. But it will keep coming back for both of you until you get rid of the pendants."
Shai arched her back and moaned. Her arms flailed and her mouth opened and closed like she couldn't breathe.
"Do something!" Aliah stared at Remiel as though by sheer will he could force his enemy to help his best friend. But Remiel just looked into the fire, rocking back and forth on his heels.
"She'll fight it, Aliah. Just let her do it."
Shai cried out, her face wet with tears. Her fingers clawed the air.
"She can hear my voice. Once she focuses on me, she’ll be free of the Hunter. For now."
Aliah gritted his teeth. His head throbbed as a new memory surfaced. He pulled at the collar of his sweater that suddenly felt too tight.
"It's all about you isn't it? Even the first time. When my mother... Mara, was taken away to the Camps you wouldn't let Shai come to me. I remember, you wouldn't let her comfort me."
Remiel looked up at Aliah, his face sad. His eyes an unfathomable depth.
"So you do remember some things. Aliah, you're full of passion yet always striving to manipulate people's emotions. To bend them to your will. When Mara went to the Camps you saw an opportunity to use your grief to make Shai pity you. You used her affection for you to satisfy your own twisted self-love."
"Love?" Aliah spat and wiped his mouth with the back of his shaking hand. "Laelite's don't love." He narrowed his eyes.
"Only because they're taught to fear instead. But you aren't Laelite, neither is Shai."
Shai cried out again and Remiel turned to her. When he re-adjusted the cloak around her and patted her hand, Aliah's rage exploded. His muscles coiled tight then sprung loose. He leapt over the fire and landed on top of Remiel. They rolled in the dirt, Aliah dug his fingers into Remiel's neck. He felt skin tearing. He dug his nails in deeper. Remiel groaned and tried to push Aliah off.
But there was something that had been wound tight for too long inside Aliah. It snapped and released his pent-up fury. 
He gave himself to it. Hatred boiled his heart into a stone. He ground his teeth together and rammed his head into Remiel’s ribs. A satisfying crack made him smile and he raised up to charge at Remiel again. He lifted his head and looked straight into the eternal blue of Remiel's eyes. So much like Shai's. His gut twisted.
He held a handful of Remiel's cloak in one hand and his hair in the other. His hands trembled and his mouth went dry. Remiel lay on his back with a look of pain on his face, but he didn't fight back. 
Aliah released Remiel and shoved him before rolling off. He stood and brushed off his trousers. 
“Damn you,” he murmured. Aliah glanced down at his enemy. Brief regret filled him. I can’t let him get to me. Again. 
 Remiel's lip had swollen and his neck was bloody where Aliah had grabbed him. "Did that make you feel any better?" Remiel's voice was soft, but it still pierced through Aliah.
"Not really." Aliah went back to his bag and sat down by the fire. "Can't win a fight with myself."
Remiel laughed then rubbed his ribs. "No, you can't. Just like you can't use your anger to force me to react. When you stop being owned by your emotions you'll stop feeling vulnerable to people."
Aliah picked up a twig and idly broke it into several pieces. Remiel went back to watching over Shai as she writhed on the ground. Aliah tried to ignore him as he touched her hands and her face, before straightening Aliah's cloak she still wore.
"And when Shai overcomes her fear of feeling too deeply she'll let you protect her. She'll let you love her." Remiel met Aliah's eyes across the fire. "Because you do. Love her."
For the next two days Aliah and Remiel carried Shai's limp body through the trees, through deep valleys and wide open fields. 
Remiel seemed to understand Aliah's need to be alone with his thoughts. His flashbacks became more frequent. His hands trembled constantly and paranoia made him jerk his head around every few minutes. He found himself playing with the chain around his neck, flirting with the idea of yanking it off. What would it be like to remember everything? Would he hurt as bad as he did now? Would his memories come flooding back or trickle in like they'd been doing? He pulled at the neck of his sweater. He wouldn’t survive a flood of memories. 
By the end of the second day, as the sun began to set, they set up camp in a cluster of trees with an open view to the East and West. Remiel caught a wild rabbit for supper, skinned it and put it on a spit over the fire. 
They sat across from each other, with Shai beside Remiel. Aliah rotated his shoulders that burned and ached from carrying Shai. A throbbing pain spread across his neck so he rubbed the spot and closed his eyes. When he opened them, his throat and chest tightened. Remiel’s flame-blue eyes locked him a steady gaze.
He swallowed and tugged at his pendant. 
"It's okay you know. I forgive you." Remiel's face glowed in the soft orange firelight.
Aliah said nothing, but his eyes burned and his gut twisted. If only I could forgive myself.
CHAPTER 17
Shai

“Shai look at me." She tried to shake her head. She couldn't see, how could she look anywhere? She couldn't even breathe. Then the crushing pressure around her chest lifted and she fell, her body suddenly weightless, suspended. A bright light flashed and she saw a face. Flame-blue eyes that ripped apart the last threads of the veil of darkness. A thin, jagged scar cutting across his right cheek. His mouth, for once not smiling.
Remiel.
Her back struck something hard. Pain gouged her shoulder. The fresh, damp smell of the earth and the hearty scent of roasting meat filled her nose.
I am alive.
She sat up trembling, and looked around. She was lying on the ground still wrapped in Aliah’s cloak. A fire crackled to her left inside a ring of stones, and some kind of dark meat roasted over a spit, dripping juices into the flames. The sun had set, leaving the sky a velvety-black with tiny lights where the moon and stars pierced the night sky. Tall trees with leafless branches cast eerie shadows on the ground.
Aliah sat across the fire from her. His legs stretched out in front of him, ankles crossed, his hands supporting him from behind as he leaned back. He raised an eyebrow when their eyes met, but he didn't move.
"Where are we?" Her throat felt rusty and her voice cracked.
Aliah glanced to his left and Shai turned her head to see Remiel sitting on a log, his forearms resting casually on his legs as he leaned forward, letting his hands dangle between his knees. He grinned and deep dimples appeared in his cheeks.
She swallowed hard and looked back at Aliah who watched her unblinking.
"Aliah...can you... can you see him?"
Remiel laughed. A low lazy sound that Shai felt in her chest.
"Can you see me, Shai?" His eyes shone in the firelight. 
She nodded.
"Then he can see me as well."
"How? How are you here right now when I've only seen you in visions?" Every breath burned as she forced air through her raw throat.
"You thought I appeared to you in visions, but we were communicating through a ripple of sorts. Three Worlds separated by a thin layer, but the ripple let us see each other. And recently we’ve been able to hear each other." Remiel looked at Aliah, then Shai, and smiled. "Don't worry. You'll know more about that later. And to answer your first question Shai, we are several miles northwest from where you started. Less than a day's journey from our destination: Sector Seven. Otherwise known as Kent. That’s where I’ve been staying, and it’s the place of your birth."
Shai glanced from Remiel to Aliah then back at Remiel. "What do you mean 'the place of my birth?'" 
Remiel turned to Aliah. "You want to tell her or should I?"
Aliah shrugged one shoulder, still watching Shai. 
Remiel picked up a stick and cleared a spot on the ground in front of him with his boot. He drew a small circle in the dirt with the stick then jabbed the end of the stick into the center of it.
"This is Lael, where you and Aliah grew up." He drew a larger circle around the small one. 
"This is The Division of Edan that surrounds Lael." From the edge of the small circle he drew lines to the edge of the larger circle like the spokes of a wheel. When he was finished there were seven pie-shaped wedges of equal size. 
"These are the Seven Sectors in the Division. The space between the Sectors, including Lael, is what you call the Borderless. At the top we have Sector One: Adena." He drew a sideways number eight inside the wedge. "This is their symbol. They supply power, electricity through water, to the rest of the Sectors." 
He moved the tip of the stick to the right. "This is Sector Two: Brenton. Their symbol is a circle. They supply water. Next is Sector Three: Conley. That's where you were. They supply textiles." He drew a crescent inside Conley's wedge. The same symbol Shai had seen on their trees and on the wrists of both Ava and Kael. Her heart jumped when she thought of them. 
Remiel turned his head and met her eyes. "A passionate group of people whose emotions run deep. But they use those emotions to get what they want." He glanced at Aliah then back down at his drawing. He pointed at the next wedge.
"Sector Four is Fino. They are known for their orchards and farms. They supply..."
"Fruits and vegetables," Shai whispered.
 Remiel nodded. "You get the idea. They brand their people with a symbol of the sun. Hadyn is Sector Five." He drew an eye without lashes inside the wedge. "They supply meat by hunting as well as raising animals. Sector Six is Kegan. Their symbol is the triangle. They build houses and other buildings with the materials that come from Conley." He looked at Shai. "Many of them have been in Conley helping to rebuild for the last several days." 
Shai stared at Remiel. Several days? They'd left Conley only a few hours ago and the fire there had only been the day before. 
Remiel smiled slightly and Aliah shifted his position before looking at her and saying, "Shai. You've been unconscious for two days. Remiel and I have taken turns carrying you. When that... Hunter struck you it would've killed you, but Remiel came. I couldn't do anything... I..." He dropped his eyes.
"Samael sent the Hunter after Aliah." Remiel finished softly, his eyes on Aliah. "It's lured by the pendants you wear. It can neither see nor can smell, but it sense fear." He looked back to Shai. "It hears fear. In your voice, your movements, in the racing of your heart. Once it takes over, it brings its victims back to Gershom so Samael can take them prisoner."
The memory of the Hunter's icy grip chilled Shai and she clenched her trembling fingers in her lap.
"It can't find you if it can't find fear in you." His eyes held Shai's and a warmth flooded her. The trembling stopped. She had seen Remiel, in the darkness. Focusing on him was what had saved her from being swallowed alive by that thing.
Thank you. She spoke to Remiel inside her mind like she used to when he had first appeared to her, even though she wasn’t sure if the ripple thing worked when he was right next to her. 
Remiel smiled at her then looked down at his drawing again. He thrust his stick into the last wedge. It stood like an arrow in the ground.
"That is Sector Seven. Kent. They are machinists. Metal workers. They fashion weapons of war as well as common cooking and eating utensils. Their weapons are the only thing not distributed among the Sectors. This is their symbol." 
Shai watched him draw Kent's symbol in the dirt with his finger. My birthplace. Her pulse fluttered. She expected to see three interlocking rings like she had on her chest, but when he'd finished, he'd drawn a single flame.
She looked up at Aliah who remained sitting with his head down. She felt Remiel watching her. She frowned and look back at the drawing. 
"You said I was born in Kent, but I don't have that symbol. And you left out Lael. What does it supply to the other Sectors?" She remembered what Kael had said about Lael contributing nothing, but hoped it wasn't true.
Remiel threw his drawing stick into the fire and when he looked back at her his eyes were sad.
"Lael isn't one of the Sectors." He looked up at the dark sky for a moment then got up and began pacing. "After the War Between Worlds, Elchai put up a fence around Lael to preserve it. To protect it from the Outerlands. At that time there was only one Law: the Law of Love. It promoted equality, instilled honor, and eliminated fear." Remiel clasped his hands behind his back and sighed. The sound hung in the stillness, making Shai shiver.
“Everything changed when the Leader's son made a decision that affected not only his life, but everyone else's. More Laws and more Rules had to be made to keep Lael from complete ruin. The pendants eventually became part of that control. The way Lael is today was never the way that Elchai intended it to be."
Shai touched Eliana's pendant. "So the Laws and Rules now control rather than protect. I thought so. But I believe in the power of the pendants for good. I'm not controlled by them."
Remiel stopped in front of her. He looked down at her and shook his head. "Then can you give me that pendant, Shai?" 
She curled her fingers around it. "It's not mine but I'm... responsible for it."
"Why?" Remiel's stare cut into her.
"Eliana is still alive because I'm protecting her Essence by wearing it. And I'll never let her go."
"Then who's responsible for your life, Shai? Who has your pendant?"
Shai swallowed the lump in her throat and stole a glance at Aliah who sat staring into the fire.
"Who told you those pendants are meant for good?" Remiel's questions dropped like a weight in her stomach. Sinking to the bottom and unsettling everything like a stone thrown into a still pond.
"I... I don't know." She looked at Aliah again who began fidgeting with his own pendant. Twisting it around his finger one way then the other, over and over.
The word puppet sprang into her mind again. Kael's voice mocking her beliefs. Fear fluttered inside her. Is it true? 
She shook her head.  "It's always been this way. I don't question it." Her tongue felt thick in her mouth.
"Yet you question everything else about Lael. The pendants were not part of Elchai's original plan. But because of them, Samael now controls Lael as well as the Borderless. Elchai isn’t your leader like you thought." 
"Stop!"  The sound of Aliah's voice exploded in Shai's ears. "Remiel, leave her alone! She doesn't understand." Aliah had stood up, his eyes wild.
Shai swallowed bile. Samael controls Lael? It wasn't Elchai who'd chosen her to bear the next Leader? She clutched her stomach as her breath came in shallow rasps. The hollow-ache that started in Conley after Kael’s kiss spread to her chest and turned every hope into stone. No. It can’t be. I won’t…
Remiel slowly turned until he faced Aliah across the fire. "She had to know, Aliah. It's not just what people believe that matters. It’s the truth that counts. Beliefs will either be a prison or a key to freedom." Remiel spoke softly.
When Aliah looked away Remiel pointed at the meat beginning to smoke on its spit.
"Let's eat this before it burns."
Key to freedom. 
Shai dug frantically in her trouser pocket beneath the cloak. Her heart sunk. The key was gone. She'd left it hidden under the mattress back in Conley.
CHAPTER 18
Aliah

The morning dawned soft and still. Feathery pink clouds rimmed the eastern sky and aroused memories of a different life.
Aliah leaned against a tree with his hands shoved into his trouser pockets and watched the sun rise. He had awoken early to gather wood for the fire, but the colors of the sky distracted him. The pink hinted at something familiar but distant, like a dream he once had but no longer remembered. Deep inside he had begun to know he'd lived a different life before Lael. He hadn't been sure until Remiel confirmed it with something he'd said. He only had snatches of the past that he suppressed, hidden beneath layers of guilt and anger. Until this morning. Now there was something more. 
It's truth that counts. Beliefs will either be a prison or a key to freedom.
Remiel's voice played over and over in his mind. He wasn't talking about the pendants when he'd said that. He had looked right at Aliah like it was supposed to mean something. But the meaning remained just beyond his grasp.
"I've been wanting to thank you." Shai appeared from behind a tree. His cloak was too large for her tiny body so she'd overlapped the sides and wrapped her arms around herself to keep it closed. Her hair curled in tousled waves around her face and looked almost white in the early morning sun. "For bringing Eliana's pendant to me in Conley. For letting me know she's still alive. Somewhere out there."
Aliah nodded then pushed himself away from the tree to stand in front of her. "What about what he says about the pendants? Are you going to give it up? Her pendant I mean."
Shai shook her head, her fingers touching the chain at her throat. "Having it sort of connects me to her. I like knowing she's alive so long as I'm still wearing it."
Aliah looked down and kicked the toe of his boot at a root. "Yeah, I know what you mean. But what if... if it does connect you to Samael like Remiel said. What if by wearing them we can be tracked?" He hated how trapped he felt. Hated that Remiel was right about the pendants, about the poison inside them affecting their minds. But if she agreed to take it off, the effects would eventually wear off and her memory would likely return. But if she didn’t take it off Samael would have a way to access her. Aliah hated that thought the most.
"I don't believe that, Aliah. Even if the pendants aren’t ideal, what's the harm in them? If I think they’re harmless then that's good enough for me. Kinda like the Watchers. Maybe they're not the best idea but I am beginning to see some good in them." Her pointed look stabbed him with guilt.
"Shai, I never wanted to keep that part of me a secret from you. I thought if I joined the Watchers I could protect you better."
Shai moved away from him, her shoulders slumping slightly. When she turned around again he saw no anger in her face, only hurt. The look of pain was brief before she closed herself off from him again.
"So, have you known the truth about the Division for long?" She dropped her arms to her sides where they dangled limply. The cloak flopped open and she looked so small and vulnerable inside of it.
"The day I came to Conley I started to piece things together. Remember when you told me back in the Manor that you had thoughts like dreams, of the Old World? I have too. I've remembered things here and there, but none of it came together until the other day. I didn't say anything to you before because I knew it would make you want to leave Lael thinking there might be something beyond the Borderless. I couldn't bear it if you left."
"You think I'd leave you? Aliah, you're my best friend. Overbearing and overprotective, but still my best friend. I wouldn't leave you." She smiled a small smile that made her look sad and tired. He wanted to remove the sadness, he wanted the vibrant life-loving Shai back.
The thought startled him. When had he known her to be anything but closed off? When had she ever been vibrant?
He looked at her standing there with the pink sky behind her and he remembered. It wasn't much of a memory, maybe more of a feeling. Remiel was right. He'd loved her. Sometime past, someplace else when he'd known love. He wished he could feel it again.
"Hey, you two! I caught our breakfast!" Remiel came towards them wearing a silly grin and holding up a string with three small fish tied to the end.
Shai laughed and walked quickly to Remiel, stepping over roots and rocks. "I thought you were going hunting not fishing!"
"There's a difference?" Remiel smiled again. He looked as though he'd slept well on the hard ground. His eyes were bright and energetic. But Aliah knew differently. Aliah had tossed and turned and every time he woke up he saw Remiel laying with his arms behind his head staring at the stars. He likely never slept.
Shai and Remiel stopped chattering and laughing then turned around to face Aliah. "You coming?" Shai smiled at him, her expression more open than he'd ever seen.
Aliah nodded. "I guess I have to. It's my turn to cook unless you want to eat those things raw." A strange nostalgic feeling came over him. They'd once been happy. 
The three of them. Together.
CHAPTER 19
Shai

She could stay here forever. Being around Remiel brought her a peace that reached into the deepest hopelessness and held her together. But nothing good ever lasted, so while it was here she didn't want to say or do anything to destroy it. But she was also anxious to get to Sector Seven to meet Elchai and ask about his sons, especially the Son of Thunder.
The more she thought about the Three Worlds and the veil between them the more hope began to break through the shadow of despair she had been living in. Somehow my Old World dreams and the ripple Remiel talked about are connected.  But before she decided whether or not to believe in the Son of Thunder story, she wanted to talk to Elchai.
"Two hours left." Remiel's voice cut through the stillness of the afternoon.
"What?" Shai and Aliah asked at the same time. She exchanged glances with Aliah as Remiel walked a few paces ahead. They'd been hiking over rough terrain for the past several hours and her back ached. She stopped and tossed her bag on the ground then sat on a large rock. Aliah also sat, choosing a large boulder near Shai. His face sober. He looked older than his eighteen years.
"What about two hours?" Shai's throat got tight. She tried swallowing, but coughed instead.
Remiel stopped and turned around to join them. "That's how soon you'll reach Sector Seven."
"Soon isn't soon enough. I'm not used to this heat." Shai fanned her face with her hand and grabbed a drink of water from the near-empty canteen. Aliah said nothing, but she noticed an odd look on his face.
Remiel walked lightly across the stones to sit beside Aliah. "How much are you remembering?" Remiel leaned toward Aliah, his eyes intense as he watched Aliah's face.
"I'm remembering more than I care to." Aliah sat with his forearms resting on his knees the way she'd seen Remiel often sit. He leaned forward and put his head down, letting his pendant dangle from his neck. The sun caught the jewel, as red as the one on the key she'd lost. She still couldn't bring herself to tell Remiel she'd left it behind.
Remiel put his hand on Aliah's shoulder then looked at Shai. The sun on his face made him appear ethereal, his eyes so pale they were nearly transparent. 
"Everyone's perception is based on what they believe. The things he thought he believed about Lael are changing. He’s letting go and memories of former things are returning. He'd do better without that pendant though." 
Remiel stood on the rock he'd been sitting on and looked West then pointed. "That's Sector Seven. You can see it from here."
Shai climbed up next to him and saw smoke rising in the distance. 
"The smoke comes from the metal-working Factories that surround the community." Remiel stepped down from the rock and held out his hand to help Shai.
Shai still hesitated to deliberately touch him. The memory of the last time they’d touched still lingered.
"It's alright. You can take my hand. This is different than touching me through the ripple." His boyish grin convinced her so she took his hand and stepped down. "If you leave now you'll reach Kent before nightfall." 
Shai glanced at Aliah. He'd heard it too.
"We will get there before nightfall? What about you?" Aliah looked up, his features clouded by an unseen shadow.
Remiel shook his head. "I have an appointment with Samael. I will be going to Gershom. Alone."
"Gershom? But why? You told me to get the Book, but I don't know how. I don't even know where to look for it." Shai’s palms grew moist. She couldn't go to Kent without Remiel. She didn't completely trust Aliah's motives for wanting to go to Kent, since he still never spoke about the Book. And his strange behavior lately made her edgy. Even now he sat moping on the rock while she stood still holding Remiel's hand. 
She looked down at their clasped hands, hers and Remiel's. He gave her fingers a squeeze then released her.
"You can do it, Shai. Go with Aliah. He's remembering more than he cares to right now, but when the pain of those memories goes away he'll do the right thing." He looked deeper into her eyes, so deep she wanted to look away but couldn't. He could pull her in without touching her. "You can trust him. He won't prevent you from finding the Book. He'll protect you. Even with his life."
"But when will we see you again?" She bit down on her bottom lip.
"In two hours you'll see me no more. But when you find the Book it will reveal more than I can explain to you right now."
Remiel started walking over the jagged bed of stones. He climbed over a large boulder then disappeared over the other side. Shai watched, unwilling to move. All the fight had left her. She had no key, Remiel would soon leave them, and Aliah still sat hunched over, his pendant swinging back and forth on its chain around his neck.
"He thinks we'll find the Book in Kent but he's wrong." Aliah spoke to the ground. The back of his neck had begun to turn red from the sun. She noticed earlier the pale skin below the collar of his sweater, but above that the skin was now a sun-kissed bronze.
"How do you know the Book's not in Kent?" She asked his bent head.
"It was in Conley. I was there during the raid, the fire... the Watchers started it." 
Shai's chest squeezed at Aliah’s admission. “And?”
"And I saw the Book in the Supply House. Akan was looking at it. He told me to take it just as Mallak and his men showed up. Ava's little brother came at me with a knife." He chuckled softly. "Good fighter that one, but he could've been killed." Aliah looked up at her and his eyes glistened. "I tore a page from the Book before Akan took it."
She tried to imagine her best friend fighting off a young boy then running through the Borderless with other Watchers, setting fires. She stared at his head. The dark hair that glistened in the sun and curled along the back of his neck and around his ears. Who are you? How was it possible that someone she had known her whole life was someone else entirely?
She didn't know this Aliah, the one they called Ace: Watcher of Lael. His face was crossed with shadows, making his bright green eyes dark even in sunlight, his face was closed with a thousand secrets. He looked up at her and his eyes shone with tears. You should feel bad. You’ve lied to me. Kept things from me. Some things she'd forgiven him for, but she still wanted to be angry with him for other things. She rubbed the sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand. "Who's Akan?"
"He’s the Head Watcher." Aliah shook his head and the movement made a tear spill out of his eye. "You wouldn't know him. He's not from Lael. He's a Gershomite." He swiped at his cheek.
Shai turned her face away. A Gershomite? That was little comfort. "So you think this Akan has the Book in Gershom?"
"That's my guess. He said Samael wanted it."
A tightness threatened to close Shai's throat. She swallowed. "And you just let him have it?"
Aliah shifted on his rock and scratched idly at a bug bite on his arm. "It wasn't like that." He waved a hand dismissively. "But that doesn't matter now. All I know is the Book's not in Kent. And if Remiel is going to Gershom, we're going with him." He stood up and shielded his face from the sun with his hand, looking in the direction Remiel went.
A mixture of relief and dread washed over Shai. Being with Remiel made her feel safe, but traveling to Gershom seemed like a death sentence. She didn’t even know where Gershom was. 
She watched a fly swarm in lazy circles around her head before swatting it away. As long as I am with Remiel, I don’t care where I go.
She stared at Aliah's back with the rocky landscape stretching beyond. His sweater clung to his sweaty back in transparent patches. The tips of his shoulder blades stood out like wings as he stood with his hands behind his back. His posture hinted at the confident Aliah of Lael she knew. She crossed her arms and tried to hold onto the anger that had already begun to dissipate.
"Why do you think the Book was taken from Lael? Who'd want it anyway? From what Sil told me, it's just full of names from the Readings and some pictures."
Aliah didn't answer, but stepped carefully off the rock. He slung his bag over his shoulder and followed the path Remiel had taken. The energy had gone from his step just like the fire had died from his eyes. So full of secrets. And whatever those secrets were, they looked as though they had strength enough to kill him. She grabbed her bag too and sighed as she followed after him.
They had nearly caught up to Remiel, when Aliah finally spoke, the shadows on his face deepened the lines around his eyes. She wondered if he had been getting enough sleep.
"The page has a map of the Division." His voice was gravelly and hushed.
It took her a moment to realize that he was talking about the page he'd taken from the Book.
"Gershom isn't on it but beyond the Division there's more."
"More what?"
"More land. Miles and miles of it, called the Outerlands. And there’s a dot. Something in the center of all that land. It’s unmarked though."
A thrill of excitement made her skin prickle. Someday I’ll see that land. She looked at Aliah’s profile and realized he wasn't concerned about the land surrounding the Sectors. Something else was bothering him.
"But what about the Book, Aliah? Why is it important?  Why won't anyone talk about it? Even Remiel won't answer any questions."
Remiel still hadn't turned around or waited for them to catch up. He seemed focused on his own mission.
Aliah sighed and the small sound got lost in the craggy rocks and gravel around them. "I can't talk about it right now, Shai. I wish I could. I really wish I could."
Shai heard the catch in his voice.
CHAPTER 20
Aliah

It wasn’t fair to drag Shai to Kent without giving her some kind of explanation. Aliah had to think of something. 
He wiped his upper lip on his sleeve and spoke quickly. "I don't know anything more about the Book than you do. But I can tell you what I read on the page I tore out of it. Besides the map, the page lists the names of three rebels who will one day overthrow Samael’s power." He looked sideways at Shai who didn’t register surprise or much of anything at all. Her shoulders slumped beneath the weight of her pack and her cheeks looked cherry-red. Dull strands of her honey-colored hair stuck to her damp forehead and every few minutes she swatted at an irritating fly buzzing around her head. 
The familiar pang of guilt surged through him when she flicked her eyes at him and offered a weak smile. What has happened to us? He had told Ava more in the few hours he had known her than he had ever told Shai. Aliah was also beginning to regret showing Ava his brand. He'd shared too much while he was under the influence of the salve and tea. 
He trembled under a sudden jolt of pain in his head. He shifted the weight of his bag and pressed a thumb and forefinger to his temples. If I can remember more it might help. Maybe I’ve always known about the Coalition, but have forgotten. But what if I do begin to remember more and everything changes? What if I change? 
He touched the pendant again. Fear of the unknown made his insides quiver. Fear of who he was and fear of who he might become if his memory fully returned. The separation between the two seemed cavernous.
"Who are they Aliah? Who are the rebels?" Shai's question startled him out of his bleak thoughts. 
Aliah turned his head slightly and spoke out of the side of his mouth, his voice barely above a whisper. "They're called the Coalition."
Remiel finally stopped walking and turned around, his face red from facing the sun. Behind him rose the angular shadows of Kent.
CHAPTER 21
Shai

Shai sucked in a breath and coughed as the air burned the back of her throat. The closer they got to Kent the harder it was to breathe, and an acrid, smoky smell filled her nostrils. Dark plumes of smoke billowed from tall rectangular shapes that stretched into the sky. There was no fence like Lael or trees like Conley to mark Kent's boundaries, only the dark outline of what Remiel had called the Factories. 
"You will enter Kent in a few minutes. This is where we part. I'll continue West until the sun sets. One day we will meet again." Remiel nodded at Aliah, looking him in the eye. "Give my regards to Elchai, when you see him."
A fire kindled for a brief moment in Aliah's eyes then he looked away without speaking.
Remiel turned to Shai and his pale blue eyes met hers. He spoke inside of her like he had the first time back in Lael. It is possible to look and not see and hear without listening. Just like you can survive without living. But these things you can change. Only believe.
She opened her mouth to ask what he meant when a shout from behind her, the way they'd just come, made all three of them turn.
A tall figure ran towards them, waving an arm in the air and shouting. "Shai!”
CHAPTER 22
Aliah

At first it seemed that someone was calling Shai to get her attention, but Aliah saw the glint of something shiny between the fingers of their upraised fist.
Kael. 
Shai reacted first. She pressed her lips together, dropped her bag to the ground and walked towards him with her hands curled into fists at her sides. 
Aliah suppressed a smile. Something must have happened between them to cause such tension. If they were keeping score this would be a small victory for Aliah. 
When Shai reached Kael he bent over panting and coughing, his face bright red with purple blotches. His hair stuck out in damp clumps around his head. Large, dark patches on his bright blue shirt revealed where he'd sweat through.
Aliah left his bag with Shai’s and moved a few steps closer to them.
"Shai... I... had to get... this to you." Kael straightened, the green of his eyes deepening when he looked at Shai. Aliah ground his teeth into his lip. The way Kael looked at Shai was the way Ava had looked at Aliah earlier. Kael seemed oblivious that anyone else was there other than Shai. He wiped his face on his sleeve then held out the glinting object. A thin silver key with a red jewel that caught the sun. 
Recognition flashed inside Aliah. He turned to look at Remiel, but Remiel had gone. 
"You came all this way to give this to me?" Shai took the key from Kael and Aliah glimpsed their fingers touching, lingering longer than he thought was necessary. 
"I uh, knew it was important when I first saw it. You're pretty protective of it so when I discovered it under your mattress I knew you couldn’t have left it behind intentionally, unless you meant for me to bring it to you."
Aliah gave an exaggerated cough and Kael jerked his eyes away from Shai as though he had just realized the two of them weren't alone. 
Shai tucked the key into her pocket without taking her eyes off Kael. "Why did you come all this way to give it back to me? You seemed more interested in warning me than helping me."
Aliah raised his eyebrows. He'd like to know the answer to that too. Kael's sudden interest in Shai made Aliah even more wary.
Kael looked at the ground briefly then back at Shai as he reached for her hands. "You're special. Different. In the short time I've known you I realized I've never met anyone like you."
Aliah smirked. Nice recovery. Kael even sounded sincere.
"But we've been gone for several days. You came all this way to give me a key that I think you'd rather destroy. Am I right?" 
Kael glanced at Aliah who crossed his arms and waited for an answer. The Coalition scared Aliah because he didn't know anything about it other than what he saw on the page. But Aliah was certain the Coalition scared Kael because he did know about it, and Aliah wanted to know what he knew.
Certain words had been jarring his memory over the last few hours, but his memory was still a mess. His mind was like a stack of half-opened boxes, their unidentifiable contents spilling out. If Kael could shed some light, then Aliah was ready to listen. And Shai deserved to know too. Anything Aliah might be able to tell her she wouldn't listen to anyway. Her anger towards him consistently simmered below the surface, distorting everything he said.
But how much did Kael actually know? Would he reveal the truth or twist it just enough to serve his own agenda, whatever that was.
Kael leaned closer to Shai. "The Book describes three keys, each belonging to the three rebels known as the Coalition. Their leader is called the Son of Thunder." 
Aliah raised his eyebrows. That much we already know.
"The Book also mentions that the Coalition is branded differently than any of the other Sectors. And that night... when I heard you calling out, I saw that your gown was torn right here." Kael dropped Shai's hands to touch her left shoulder. Aliah couldn't see her face, but the way his chest pulsed heat through him he knew she was struggling with the intimacy of that touch. A touch that bordered on caress.
Aliah took another step forward and their private moment shattered. 
Kael dropped his hand. "And I saw your branding. Above your heart. Then I knew."
"Knew what?" Shai's voice sounded small. Breathless.
"That you're one of them." Kael's eyes remained on Shai. 
Aliah shoved his hands into his hair. This isn't happening. Kael has to be mistaken. His own chest flared with heat. He grabbed his pendant and yanked it from his neck. Trembling, he let it roll from his fingers. It landed between a few small stones, the red jewel glittered in the sun. He moved his foot to bury it. "Shai.” He came to stand behind Shai. “What’s he talking about? What brand?" His head spun. 
Shai whirled around to face Aliah. Her face pale, cheeks hollow like all the air had been sucked out of her.
"It's true. I have a brand. I always knew I was different from the other Laelites, but I never knew why. It never mattered until... Sileas. Ever since she told me about the pictures in the Book, I knew I needed to find out more. My brand is in that Book." She dropped her eyes.
Aliah gripped her shoulders and dug his fingers into her harder than he meant to. "Seriously? You've been upset with me this whole time about me keeping secrets from you? Well I'd say that's a pretty big one to keep." He wanted to say more. It hurt his throat to hold back everything he wanted to say, but it was useless to be angry with her. He'd kept the same secret from her. He dropped his hands. Ava knew about his brand, but Shai didn't, and he suspected Kael somehow knew too. 
Besides, he understood her desire to find out about the brand. It was a piece of her identity as much as it was a piece of his. He ached to tell her about his. He clung to the secret hope that it would bridge the gap that was widening between them, but he couldn't tell her any of it now. Not after his outburst. And not with Kael standing there with that smug look on his face. 
Remiel where are you when I need you? Aliah let his anger ebb away and further accusations died on his tongue. He needed Shai to trust him, not fuel her anger towards him. If she kept a million secrets from me she couldn’t change my mind about protecting her. He touched her shoulder where he had gripped her, but Shai shrugged him off. It wasn't fair. Every touch between them had always been careful. Important and precious. Nothing like Kael's careless gestures, or the easy way his eyes slipped over her like she was a thing to obtain and possess, not to cherish and protect. 
Shai angled her body to stand next to Kael, her shoulder brushed against his arm as she leaned in. Casual. Yet deliberate. Aliah bit his lip.
"If you weren't so possessive Aliah, maybe I'd tell you more." She smiled at Kael and said softly to him, "Tell me more. Tell me everything you know."
"I will. But not now. I can see I've overwhelmed you."
Kael's eyes met Aliah's over Shai's bent head. A sly smile played at the corners of Kael's mouth. Aliah kicked a rock and sent it bouncing. He imagined his hands around Kael's skinny neck, squeezing until his eyes popped.
Aliah left Kael and Shai with their heads bent together in discussion. He squeezed then relaxed his fists. If Shai was so interested in the Book then he'd find it first and win her trust back. He smiled to himself. Now that more memories had returned he knew he wouldn't have to be concerned with Kael while they were in Kent. He remembered the community of warriors had their own way of dealing with people like Kael.
It wasn't until Aliah had reached the first factory that Kael and Shai caught up. He heard Shai's fast breathing and his own heartbeat thrummed. But every other sound seemed to be absorbed into the tall structures that formed Sector Seven's boundaries. Every whisper, every breath and footstep, and even the air seemed to be swallowed up inside the massive pillars, then regurgitated as billows of black smoke that burned when inhaled.
Nothing moved. It looked as though nothing even lived. No grass. No trees. Just miles and miles of rock surrounding the solid stone buildings with Kent's symbol garishly painted on each of them: a single red flame.
Aliah, Kael, and Shai passed through the Community's wide entrance. Nothing stirred but the dust beneath their feet. They paused after taking a few steps to look around. Aliah squinted and stepped into the middle of the dirt street. I need to remember! Where do we go now? 
Something sharp pressed into the soft flesh of Aliah's back between his shoulders blades.
"Identify yourself!" A gravelly voice hissed.
The Adventure Continues
April 8, 2014

The explosive conclusion continues in The Coalition Episode 4 (of 4). Read it beginning April 22, 2014

If you prefer to read to the full eBook, The Coalition Book One, releases April 22, 2014. 

About Aria J. Wolfe
Aria J. Wolfe has an insatiable appetite for all kinds of books. She daily devours them when she’s not pounding out her own tales on a laptop. She loves to inspire people through her stories about characters who overcome seemingly insurmountable odds and the transformation it produces. She has been writing poetry and prose since grade school and has won several contests.

A.J. lives with her family in rural Alberta, Canada. No, she doesn’t live in an igloo.

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Thank so much!



Other Books by Aria J. Wolfe

Please visit your favorite eBook retailer to discover other books by Aria J. Wolfe:
Preorders available at select retailers!


THE COALITION SERIES
Book One:

The Coalition Episode 1
Released April 1, 2014

The Coalition Episode 2
Released April 8, 2014

The Coalition Episode 4
Releases April 22, 2014

The Coalition (full eBook)
Releases April 22, 2014

The Coalition (paperback edition)
Releases April 22, 2014

Book Two:

The Outerlands 
Releases September of 2014

Book Three:

Releases 2015 (Title and cover to be released soon!)
Connect with A.J.

Friend me on Facebook: http://facebook.com/ariajwolfe
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Aria_Wolfe
Visit me on Pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/ariajw
Visit my website: http://ariajwolfe.com
