

Goodnight to My Thoughts of You


Chelsea Rotunno


Start Reading 
Copyright Page
About the Author
Table of Contents
Discussion Questions





Goodnight to My Thoughts of You
Chelsea Rotunno
Copyright © 2014 by Chelsea Rotunno
Published at Smashwords

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher, addressed “Attention: Permissions Coordinator,” at the address below.

chelsearotunno@gmail.com
www.chelsearotunno.com

Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination. Locales and public names are sometimes used for atmospheric purposes. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to businesses, companies, events, institutions, or locales is completely coincidental.

Book Layout ©2013 BookDesignTemplates.com

Cover Design by Danielle Maait
Cover Photo by Aleshyn Andrei

Goodnight to My Thoughts of You/ Chelsea Rotunno. -- 1st ed.
ISBN 978-0-9916323-0-5





Contents

Part One

Chapter 1 – Postcard
Chapter 2 – Mexico
Chapter 3 – Siesta
Chapter 4 – Good Friday
Chapter 5 – The Grove
Chapter 6 – The Pier
Chapter 7 – The Park
Chapter 8 – Goodbye
Chapter 9 – Poems, Letters, and Prom
Chapter 10 – Graduation
Chapter 11 – Crushed
Chapter 12 – Wyatt
Chapter 13 – Houseboats
Chapter 14 – I Made Her
Chapter 15 – Good Enough
Chapter 16 – University
Chapter 17 – Bad Haircut
Chapter 18 – Obsessed
Chapter 19 – Broken
Chapter 20 – Training
Chapter 21 – Therapy
Chapter 22 – Bryson
Chapter 23 – Morgan

Part Two

Chapter 24 – Faulkner
Chapter 25 – Not a Date
Chapter 26 – New Year’s Eve
Chapter 27 – True Love
Chapter 28 – Goodnight
Chapter 29 – Surprise
Chapter 30 – Running Away
Chapter 31 – So I’m American
Chapter 32 – Funeral
Chapter 33 – Vancouver
Chapter 34 – Where Are You Now?
Chapter 35 – Special Delivery
Chapter 36 – Sunset
Excerpt from Heavenly Here With You

Discussion Questions
to accompany Goodnight to My Thoughts of You
Discussion Questions – Chapters 1-3
Discussion Questions – Chapters 4-6
Discussion Questions – Chapters 7-9
Discussion Questions – Chapters 10-12
Discussion Questions – Chapters 13-15
Discussion Questions – Chapters 16-18
Discussion Questions – Chapters 19-21
Discussion Questions – Chapters 22-24
Discussion Questions – Chapters 25-27
Discussion Questions – Chapters 28-30
Discussion Questions – Chapters 31-33
Discussion Questions – Chapters 34-36
Follow-Up Questions
About the Author



For Rebecca
And All My ISI Girls
With Love

 


The Lord is near to the brokenhearted, and saves the crushed in spirit.

―PSALM 34:18 (NRSV)



Part One

Last week I exited the freeway in my white minivan just as he entered the freeway in his black Porsche. We looked at each other for a second, nodded, and went forward with our lives. That was when it all came rushing back to me—longing, confusion, soul-ache. 
I could still feel the impression of his hand on my lower back when he said hello after church. I could still see his handsome face across the blanket at the park as he asked me how quickly I could finish college. I could still hear his gentle, raspy voice during a late phone call on a school night, asking me when he could see me again. 
“Oh my gosh, that was Paul, that was Paul!” I shouted to my husband, turning in my seat so I could watch his Porsche disappear behind us. My husband looked at me with wide eyes. 
“Sheesh, what was that about?” he asked.
“Who is Paul, Mom?” my daughter asked.
I kept driving.


Chapter One
Postcard
I never thought I was stupid enough to fall in love with a man who was so much older than me. After all, I was only 17 and Paul was 27 years old. I didn’t want to love him. I tried hard not to. But it happened anyway. And it happened so severely, suddenly, mercilessly. It was the worst kind of embarrassing infatuation, the kind where your friends are embarrassed for you. The kind that crushes your spirit. The kind you remember forever.
And when I was 17, about to graduate from high school, I wrote everything on my heart with permanent marker. Partly because I was freaked out that everything was about to change once I graduated but mostly because I knew I wasn’t going to change my mind later. 
For spring break my senior year of high school I planned to go with my church youth group to Mexico Outreach, a week-long excursion hosted by Azusa Pacific University. I had attended the same trip the year before. I knew I would get away from the material comforts of the States, live out of a tent, and show love to some niños (little kids) in a small village located just about an hour past Tijuana. Our team had prepared for weeks in advance. We had Bible verses, skits, songs, crafts, and stories to share with the kids. 
When I arrived at the church the morning we left for Mexico, I felt ready for anything. After we packed up the trucks, we learned that we couldn’t leave because we were waiting for one more person. 
“Paul is running late,” said Jeff, another youth leader.
“Who? Paul Greer?” I asked. “I didn’t even know that he was back in town. He’s coming with our team to Mexico?”
“Yes,” Jeff answered. “He’s coming with us. For the entire week.”
The first time I met Paul I was in sixth grade and he was in college. He spoke in our Sunday school service way back when our youth group consisted of about 20 students. I definitely saw him as a man teaching us kids. Right away I loved his personality. He was calm, poetic, and spiritual—like my dad. 
He stood with confidence and towered over our group like a lanky saint. 
“My name is Paul,” he began, tapping the spine of his Bible in the palm of his hand. He had clean-cut, sporty dark black hair and light blue eyes, a square jaw and heart-shaped lips. He was wearing a white T-shirt, shorts, and white tennis shoes. 
“I’ve been attending this church since high school,” Paul said. “I’m in college now. And now that I’m in college, I am learning that I am a nobody. God, for some reason, has chosen to bring me here this morning to speak to you—but I am no one special. I have nothing but Him. I have nothing more to share than what He has done in my life.”
He went on to tell us about his family history. “I grew up in a large Mormon family. I have four older brothers and a younger sister. We had a Suburban and a trampoline, plus a refrigerator full of orange soda because my parents didn’t let us have caffeine. When I was in sixth grade, my dad had a disagreement with the leaders at our church. Then, within a matter of weeks, we weren’t Mormon anymore. We were—nothing. After that my dad seemed angry all the time. My mom was quiet all the time. For a while, my brothers and I acted like nothing happened. Then we started drinking—Coke and Mountain Dew.”
 “Three years later,” he continued, “My little sister got sick with leukemia. She had her first bone marrow transplant and barely survived. My parents were desperate for help and support. They decided to try out this church; you know, this Christian God, this family of believers, to find a new church family. At first I just came to church because my parents forced me to. I always thought religion was like Boy Scouts.  I just went because my parents made me, and I did what I was told so I would fit in. I didn’t see faith in God as something really necessary for life. I didn’t understand the depth of God’s love for me. Of course, I went to winter camp and summer camp with the youth group year after year. I heard all the messages about the Holy Spirit and the Almighty God who loved me. But all I cared about was my little sis—was she going to be OK? Would I have to live every day of my life wondering if she would make it? I started arguing with God. I’d lie on my bed at night and tell him how unfair life is. Then, one night, I opened my Bible to Psalm 34 and read this:
‘I sought the Lord, and he answered me, and delivered me from all my fears. Look to him, and be radiant; so your faces shall never be ashamed. This poor soul cried, and was heard by the Lord, and was saved from every trouble. The angel of the Lord encamps around those who fear him, and delivers them. O taste and see that the Lord is good; happy are those who take refuge in him. O fear the Lord, you holy ones, for those who fear him have no want. The young lions suffer want and hunger, but those who seek the Lord lack no good thing...’”
As Paul read the words of the Psalm, my heart heard the heart of God. It was like I entered a holy place. I was young, but I knew after I heard Paul speak that he feared God and that he was a man of God. 
I stayed afterward to thank Paul, and when he shook my hand, he looked straight into my eyes. I saw warmth that I had only seen in my family’s eyes. In his handshake I felt a connection, like two trees grafted together, and then quickly tucked that feeling away into my heart.
“God bless you,” he said.
In December of my junior year of high school, five years later, he came to our youth group again. Our youth pastor, Bob, introduced him to the crowd, which had grown to about 100 students.
As he approached the stage from the other side of the room, I turned around to my best friend, Bianca, and teased her because she, like most girls at our church, had an innocent crush on Paul. I pretended to be melting in my chair, and I grabbed my head and moaned dramatically, “Oh my gosh, Paul Greer!” The room quieted down just as I said it, and I realized that everyone heard me. When I turned toward the stage, he was just over to my right and my face burned with embarrassment. I laughed and leaned down to hide my face in my knees.
He looked so good. He was wearing glasses with black frames, a black shirt, tan pants, and boots. He sat with his legs apart, like a Euro soccer player, both friendly and mysterious. His jet-black hair had grown out, sort of messy and cute. It was the first time that I admitted to myself that I found him attractive. Then I remembered how fond I was of him when I was in middle school, and my appreciation returned. 
His message was about his soccer ministry in Europe. He leaned forward in his chair and told us a funny story about a girl there who had a crush on him. 
After the service Bianca tugged on my arm, insisting that we go over and say hi to Paul. “Miriam, come with me!” she begged.
“No, I don’t know him well enough,” I said, and I stayed back and chatted with our friends. I looked over my friend Kai’s shoulder and saw Bianca hugging Paul, and jealousy pinched my heart, just for a moment. 
In June, I got a phone call late in the night. It was Nico, my good friend who lived down the street.
“Miriam, I don’t know what’s happening to me,” he whispered. “I’m scared to go to sleep.”
 “What’s going on?” I asked, still only half awake.
 “I feel itchy. It’s like there’s bugs all over me. I scratch my arms and legs but nothing’s there.”
“Are you on something?”
“I think I’m being attacked by demons or some freaky crap like that.”
“I’ve never heard of that before. Demons make you itch?”
“Has this ever happened to you?”
“No. Just get up and get a glass of water or something.”
“But they are watching me. They’re freakin’ following me!” 
“OK, just relax. Demons can’t do anything to you. Just know that, OK? Everything will be fine in the morning.”
The next day I asked my small-group leader, Kelly, what I should do. Kelly was one of my church leaders, and I felt like I could tell her anything.
“I’m worried about my friend Nico,” I said. “I think it might really be a spiritual thing. Last year he accepted Jesus into his life but then turned away again when his parents found out. They threatened to kick him out of the house for being a Christian. Ever since that happened, he’s had one thing after the other go wrong. Now he is becoming an insomniac, and last night he told me there are demons following him!” 
“Let’s go for coffee and talk with Nico and see what’s going on,” Kelly said. “I’ll ask Paul to come too. He’s good at this kind of thing.”
“Thank you, Kelly, you are awesome. This means so much to me. I have been friends with Nico forever, and I have been praying for him ever since I was a little kid.”
At a Starbucks in Burbank, the four of us—Nico, Kelly, Paul, and me—sat around a wrought iron table and talked about what happened to Nico. I tried to get him to say what he told me over the phone, but he brushed it off.
“It’s OK now,” Nico insisted. 
By the end of the conversation, I felt better knowing that he was at least stable after everything that had happened. We went to the parking lot and stood by our cars and prayed. When I prayed for Nico, I cried, and the words came out chokingly through my tears. 
“Dear God, please help Nico. Please take away the itching, insomnia, and whatever evil thing is keeping him from resting at night. Please be in Nico’s life and keep him safe in your arms. We love you God, and we thank you for hearing our prayers. Thank you for your power. Thank you for being in control.”
Still tearful, I hugged Nico, and he got in his car and left. Paul handed me a napkin to wipe my tears.
At our youth group houseboat trip in August, Paul went out of his way to hang out with Bianca and me. He jumped in the boat with us, just as we were leaving for a ski run. 
“Oh, Paul!” Bianca cried. “You can’t watch us wakeboard; we don’t know what we are doing!” 
“Even better!” he laughed. “Here, let me take a picture of you two.” Bianca and I looked at each other and then smiled for the camera.
“Take one with mine too,” Bianca said, handing him her camera. 
Our boat driver was one of the dads from our church. As we zoomed to the middle of the lake, Paul and Bianca chatted with him while I stared off in the distance, lost in thought—admiring the curves of the mountains and enjoying the sprits of water that landed on my arm with every bump of the boat. I glanced at Paul and caught him watching me. He smiled. I collected my hair into a ponytail and looked away.  
On the last day of the trip my leader Kelly invited the students to get baptized in the lake if they felt it was the right time to start fresh with God. 
After a few students walked down to the lake, I looked at Bianca. 
We walked down together, arm in arm. We waded into the water, the whole group clapping to encourage us. 
As I approached Kelly, Paul waded over to us. Kelly and Paul baptized me, one on each side of me. I was plunged backward into the water and when I came back up all I could do was sob as I stood there dripping, watching Bianca get baptized right after me. We all hugged. It felt like one of those days when God was actually right there in the water with us. 
Paul went back to work in the soccer ministry. I started my senior year of high school. One day in late October I received a postcard in the mail. It had a picture of a large foreign building, maybe a museum. I could tell it was from a guy, so I brought it upstairs where I could read it in the privacy of my room. 
Dear Miriam,
Just want to say hi. I hope you are enjoying the sunshine of Cali. I can’t wait to come home and go surfing.
Well, I have to get back to work, but I want you to know that I think you are a very special girl. You have a kind and compassionate heart for others. I look forward to seeing you and the youth group soon. Keep praying to our awesome God.
Paul
Does that say Paul? The name was squeezed into the bottom corner, half covered by post office markings. Why did he send me a postcard? That was so weird.
I didn’t tell anyone about it until the weekend when I saw Bianca. Bianca and I went to different high schools, so we mostly hung out on the weekends. We were in her bedroom talking about guys, and I just couldn’t pretend it wasn’t a big deal anymore. I finally blurted it out: “I got a postcard from Paul!”
“So did I,” she beamed.
 “You did? Wow. He must have sent one to every kid in our youth group.” 
She let me read her postcard, and it said the same stuff that mine did—except for the words “special girl” and “kind and compassionate heart for others.” Because those phrases were unique to my postcard, I believed that Paul saw something different in me, something that he liked. And I let that thought sit and grow, silently and contentedly, for a long time.



Chapter Two
Mexico
Paul was coming with us to Mexico. 
After we heard the news, a few of the girls and I went nonchalantly to the bathroom to check our hair. When we came back to the parking lot, there he was: black spiked hair, a black sweater, black glasses, and a big smile. He was talking with Jeff, who was his best buddy. Jeff was a little bit younger than Paul, but he was married and had two kids.
My lungs buzzed and my face flushed. “Hi Paul!” I said, trying not to act too excited. “I’m so glad you are coming with us.” He waved at me. Oh my gosh, he’s wearing awesome Euro shoes, I thought. He is so cute.
I sat with my friend Ansley in the van. She and I had been tent-mates in Mexico the year before and had become good friends. Even though she was a year younger than me, we had so much fun together. We both liked to laugh at everything, and when we were together, everything was hilarious. Ansley and I were going to share a tent again, and we were very excited.
Jeff and Paul sat in front of us, which made the trip go by faster.
“Do you know what my nickname was in college?” Paul asked. 
“Let me guess,” Jeff said. “El Paulo Loco.”
“Nope.”
“Neo,” Ansley guessed.
“Maverick,” I said. “Every guy who is into himself has that nickname.” 
Paul looked at me, a little disappointed. “You think I’m into myself?” 
“No. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that. You do look like Tom Cruise, though.”
He smiled.  
“What was it?” Jeff asked.
“Now I can’t say it. You guys are going to think I’m conceited.”
“Come on!”
He paused. “My nickname was Hot Sauce.”
We groaned. “Aw, come on! That’s a terrible nickname!” Jeff almost fell out of his seat because he was laughing so hard.
“What, I eat a lot of hot sauce!”
“OK, we all need nicknames in Mexico,” I said. “What’s yours, Jeff?”
“I call him Bro,” Paul said. “So …”
“Hermano,” I said. “It’s ‘brother’ in Spanish.” 
“I like that,” Jeff laughed. “What about Ansley? Short stuff?”
“Chiquita—little girl,” I said.
“What about you, Miriam?” Paul asked.
“Well, Ansley calls me Mimi.”
“Aw, how cute!” Jeff said. 
“That’s it,” Paul said. “Mimi.”
Once we crossed the border, we headed for Tent City, a site named by Azusa Pacific University’s Mexico Outreach program. It was called Tent City because there were tents as far as you could see. Hundreds of high school groups from the States and Canada sent teams during spring break to serve in the iglesias, (churches) and local parks. 
As soon as we arrived, we set up our tent in the last glimmer of daylight. Ansley and I decided to walk around to stretch our legs and see if we could find any cute guys. We walked through Tent City and took in the familiar sounds and smells: the creak-clunk of the baño (bathroom) doors opening and closing, the manure-scented earth, the crow of roosters. The stars, without the LA smog to hide their beauty, were so clear and bright.
The next morning we ate Rice Krispies and then walked around the local neighborhood with fliers, inviting children and families to join us for VBS, Vacation Bible School, in the park. I was assigned to a group of two other students and a leader, Kelly. To my delight Paul chose to join our group. As we strolled up and down the neighborhood, Paul glided to my side. How did I know he was going to approach before it happened? Again, I felt a connection between us. I tried to ignore the feeling, but he continued to ask me some questions. 
“So, Mimi, what’s your favorite subject?”
“Oh, definitely English and Spanish,” I said.
“Nice. What kind of music do you listen to?” 
I glanced at him and then looked straight ahead again.
“Why?” I asked with a shy smile. I thought back to the postcard he sent me.
“Everyone likes music, right?”
For a moment, I tried to think of what a cool person would say, like The Beatles or Radiohead. Then I decided to be honest with him. “I grew up listening to classical music. That’s what my parents listen to. And I’ve taken ballet most of my life. But I like all kinds of music. I like anything that’s good.” 
At the next house I tried to lose him. I didn’t want Kelly or anyone else to think I was one of the puppy dogs who had a crush on him. But he persisted. He stayed right by my side as we walked down the street. I was flattered and disconcerted. I wondered if Kelly noticed.
I tried to focus on the people we were there to serve. We had some very positive responses from the residents, and all the neighborhood children were looking forward to our program.
“Hasta mañana,” I called to the last family we met. “See you tomorrow at the park!”
From then on, I couldn’t get Paul off my mind. Regardless of my efforts to rationalize what his intentions were—something beautiful and mysterious, yet threatening, began to sink deep into my heart. I had a heavy feeling in the pit of my chest. It was painful and exciting at the same time. I had no idea how painful it would become. 
Back in Tent City, the large group of students gathered for dinner and the evening meeting. We sat in lawn chairs facing a large stage. Even though the stage was lit, the night sky was so dark that I could see a million stars.
During the worship songs, I looked up at the sky and prayed, talking to God about what had happened that day. As I sang, I raised my arms in the air and felt very free, a saved soul in the crowd of thousands of American students who felt clean enough to be in God’s presence because they were standing in the dirt of Mexico. I felt safe, like God’s arms were wrapped around me, but I argued with him in my heart. I prayed, Lord, I don’t want to like Paul, be interested in him, or even remotely venture to guess that he’s interested in me. I give it to you. Please take away this gnawing, exciting, distracting thought. I don’t want it, God. I don’t want it.
And God answered, in my heart, this word: No.
No? The crowd continued to sing, but I stopped, my heart ready to snap. I felt imbalanced and thought I might fall over. No? What the heck does that mean? No, you won’t take away the thought? No, because—this feeling of connection is real? We are meant for each other?
No.
I decided that “no” to taking away the situation had to mean “yes” to us being destined for something heavenly. 
OK, Lord. I’m listening.
Someone was kicking my lawn chair behind me, and my prayer was interrupted. I glanced down and saw a pair of Toms. I turned around abruptly to see who it was.
It was Paul. I couldn’t believe it. The mischievous smile left his face.
“Are you OK?” he asked.
 I turned back around quickly, biting my lip, praying frantically. Was he was sitting behind me the whole time? Right when I am praying about him he kicks my chair? What does that mean, God?
It was clear that he was flirting with me. So I decided something: I would entertain the idea of being in a relationship with this 27-year-old man. The heavy feeling nestled in a place where I couldn’t retrieve it. 
After the meeting we were dismissed to go back to our tents and get ready for bed. Jeff dug a small hole in the dirt, and we used it as a spit hole. Jeff, Ansley, and I stood around the hole brushing our teeth. Paul came over, not to join us, but to watch us. I tried not to get toothpaste all over my face. But suddenly, I got really self-conscious. Before I was just a student. Now I saw myself as his peer. I retreated into shy mode, finished brushing, and left the jokesters to themselves. 
Ansley joined me in the tent about a half hour later. I was reading the first chapter of John, which was what the keynote speaker suggested we read that night. After Ansley climbed into her sleeping bag, I turned off my flashlight. In the darkness, I told her in my quietest whisper what had happened that day. I told her how Paul had gone out of his way to walk next to me and ask me questions. I told her how God answered my prayer. She listened and then thoughtfully asked, “Do you think he likes you?”
I nodded, “Yes.”
“Do you like him?”
“Yes,” I whispered, after a long pause. It was crazy, but I truly believed that God was doing something big. I didn’t know what God had planned. But I trusted God and his mysterious ways. I expected that whatever God had in store for me would be perfect.
The next day, Tuesday, was our first day of VBS ministry in the park. Our efforts to pass out fliers the day before were successful and we had a crowd of kids waiting for us. Our youth group had to split up to teach at two different sites because we had so many participants. Paul chose to stay with my group.
The day started with games and songs. I was responsible to help lead singing time and coordinate the memory-verse activity. We were prepared, and the lessons went very well. We had a great response from the kids. 
Having missed our weekly meetings and planning prior to the trip, Paul stayed on the sidelines. He was observing more than anything else. And he was observing me more than anyone else. So I did what I always do when I like a guy: I pretended he didn’t exist. I focused all my attention on the kids. It was the only way that I could stay centered and accomplish what I’d come to do. 
By lunchtime, each of the kids had chosen a gringo (foreigner) with whom to link arms or ride piggyback. I had three of the older girls, Susana, Olga, and Laura, as my new best friends. I spoke Spanish fairly well, so I was able to chat, platicar, and sing, cantar, with them. I explained that we would return to the park after the siesta, afternoon nap, and we would be in the park every day for the next three days. They were ecstatic. 
Our team left the park and rode to another, more remote one for the siesta. We chose a spot that had spigots where we could wash our hair. One teammate, Lauren, braided my wet hair into two French braids, which was supposed to help prevent me from catching lice. 
Paul called out from the other end of the park: “Miriam!” 
“Did he just call me?” I asked Lauren.
“Yeah, I think so.” 
“What?” I called. 
“Come here.” 
“What?” Now everyone’s ears perked up. 
I stood up slowly, my mind racing to find a way out of it.
“Ansley, come with me!” I begged. We walked across the field of grass—our long, modest missionary skirts brushing the tops of our Converse shoes. As we approached, I saw that his hair was full of soapsuds. He was unusually familiar with me.
“Ya brought Ansley, huh?” he laughed. “Will you rinse my hair for me?” He said it in a big brother tone. 
“Why?” 
“Because I need help, I can’t see the back,” he said. 
“What do you want me to do?”
“Just make sure all the soap is out.”
He gave me a large cup and turned the water on. He leaned down until his head was level with the spigot that was a foot off the ground. I filled the cup with water and poured it over his thick black hair until there were no more white bubbles. I tried to do it without actually touching his hair. But I let my fingers touch his neck ever so slightly.
Jeff joined us as we were giving Paul’s hair the final rinse.
“What are you guys doing?”
“They wanted to wash my hair,” Paul smiled, shaking his hair dry with a towel.
“Oh, come on!” Ansley and I said, disgusted, and we all laughed. 
He had left me no choice but to do what he asked. And that big brother role that he took on—he had never spoken to me that way before. It was intimidating. But I liked it.
Me. He asked me to help him. 
That night after the large group meeting, the four of us—Paul, Jeff, Ansley, and I—went to the van where Paul and Jeff were spending the night. We climbed in the back, sat cross-legged, and told stupid jokes and stories. We were having so much fun. Of course, the joking somehow turned into wrestling. I told Jeff I had my money on him as he tackled Paul. Soon we were in hysterics, laughing even harder because it was after quiet time. 
After we calmed down and got sleepy, Ansley and I climbed out of the van to head back to our tent for the night. As I stepped down, Paul reached out to hand me something. 
“You dropped this,” he said. I looked at his hand. He was holding my bracelet. It must have fallen off my wrist while we were joking around.
“Keep it,” I said.
He got a funny look on his face, like, Why would I want a girl bracelet? I insisted anyway. “Keep it to remember this night!”
He gave me a half smile. “OK, Mimi.”
Ansley and I skipped away. I glanced back and saw Paul’s silhouette in the door of the van, looking at the bracelet.
It was dark outside and all we had was the moonlight and our flashlight to help us find our way back to our tent. Most of the camp was asleep. We held our breath as we passed the stinky bathrooms, and then tiptoed past the night shift security van. Whispers and occasional giggles echoed quietly through the tents.



Chapter Three
Siesta
We woke up early. Our group loaded into the van and headed for the park. I spent the morning with Susana, Laura, and Olga. I complimented Susana on her necklace. It was a heart-shaped bead, painted red, yellow, and black, on a black string. A tiny gold star hung from the bottom of the heart.
“Me gusta tu collar,” Your necklace pleases me, I said, and she took it off and tied it around my neck. “No, no, no!” I said.
“Sí, sí. Es tuyo,” Yes, yes, it’s yours, she said. I really didn’t want it, but I kept it so I wouldn’t insult her.
“Gracias, Susana! Que simpática.” Thanks Susana! How kind.
Then we swung lazily on the park swings, and they told me about their families.
Olga, who was about 9 years old, was starving for attention. She was a bit chubby, and she had a short bob haircut, a big smile with lots of missing teeth, and a few gold teeth. I enjoyed her company because her quirkiness made me laugh.
Laura, Olga’s big sister, was mature for a 10 year old. She was quiet and reserved, but also curious about my life in the States.
Susana always wanted to hold my hand. She begged me to sing. I knew a song called “Amor” by Cristian Castro that I had learned in my AP Spanish class, and they loved singing it with me. 
Soon it was time for VBS. I’d written out Bible verses on large pieces of poster board so the kids could hold up their part of the verse and then hide some of the words in order to gradually memorize it. Another girl on our team was in charge of the singing time. She had a beautiful, rich voice. She led the kids in all the traditional Sunday school songs: “Yo Tengo Gozo,” “Jesús Me Amo,” and “Padre Te Adoro.” We had a large crowd of kids singing. Everyone was participating.
That was why I had come to Mexico. To love people. The children and parents who joined us were so appreciative of our efforts.
After singing time, our group performed a skit about Daniel in the lion’s den. I had to crawl around on the ground pretending to be a lion. We concluded the morning lesson with a simple art project for the kids, gluing cotton balls onto wooden circles to make lions. Then it was time for lunch. 
We left the park, the kids running after us, hanging onto the doors of the van until we got to the corner, where they jumped off, kicking up dust. We drove to the park with the spigots and relaxed for the afternoon siesta. While I was braiding my long brown hair, Paul noticed my new necklace.
“Who gave you that?” he asked.
“Susana,” I said, wrapping my hair tie on my braid. 
“That thing is creepy. What is it, a goat stomach?” he asked.
“What are you talking about?”
“Yeah,” Jeff chimed in. “Isn’t that a prayer necklace, where you pray to the goat stomach?”
I tore the necklace off. “Eew! What are you talking about? I have never heard of that before!” 
“It’s a religion here,” they said. 
I was starting to catch on. “A religion? You guys are such liars!” I yelled. “Stop it! It is not a goat stomach!”
“What is it then?”
“It’s just a bead!”
“I don’t know. I’m pretty sure that’s some kind of animal organ.”
I was furious. They wouldn’t stop teasing me. They were creeping me out about a nice gift from Susana. I put the necklace back on, but I had a weird feeling about it, as if it would curse me somehow. I moved my stuff to a blanket far away from Jeff and Paul. 
Paul picked up his guitar and played some worship songs in the shade of a tree. People from our group gathered around him and sang, enjoying the shade and the cool breeze. But I couldn’t relax. I didn’t want to join in. I was truly irritated, and I didn’t like it; a dumb conversation had such a negative impact on my mood. I sat by myself, my arms wrapped around my knees, and tried to pray.
I was increasingly distracted. I was falling hard and fast. I cared too much about what he thought. I cared too much for his attention. I hated feeling powerless over my emotions. At the same time that I resented the way he singled me out, I had a strong sensual desire to have him in my life for the rest of my life. Why? I tried to push the feelings away. No. This is crazy. This is all in my head! 
He continued to give me just less than enough to hang on.
The next day he could tell that I was avoiding him.
“Miriam,” he called when we got to the park. 
I was busy unpacking the Bible verses and crafts. Plus I didn’t like being summoned. I waited for him to approach me. 
He strolled over and talked without facing me.
“Miriam, I want to show you something later,” he said.
“What is it?” I asked.
“I want to play a song for you.”
“You want to play a song for me?”
“Let’s talk later.” 
For the rest of the day I waited with huge suppressed anticipation to be summoned. He didn’t say anything more about it.
I’d convinced myself that this was the moment I was waiting for: Paul was going to tell me how he felt about me. The awkwardness had gone too far, and he must have felt it too. The song had to be a clue about what was going on between us. It had to be. 
Before our evening meeting I decided to bring it up again.
“So, Paul …” I said, after I semi-cornered him at the edge of a crowd of people. “When are you going to play your song for me?” I asked the question pretty much under my breath because I knew that if he and I were going to be alone together, no one else could know about it. 
“What?” he asked with a forlorn expression, his head tilted to one side. Either he couldn’t hear me, he couldn’t remember what he’d said earlier, or he was playing dumb to drive me crazy. 
“You wanted to play a song for me. Do you want to do it now?”
“Oh, it’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.” 
Now it was my turn to play dumb, as if I didn’t care that he’d changed his mind. But I couldn’t do it. I had to know what the song was about. 
“I want to hear it. Now is a good time, you know, before the meeting.” His blank look confused the heck out of me. Somehow the situation had changed from him wanting to play me a song to me practically begging him to. What was going on? Once again I felt dizzy. My insides felt like I was 3 again, about to have a temper tantrum. 
“Or, whatever,” I mumbled.
Forget it. I had to get away from him. I turned away and walked toward my tent, hoping to run into Ansley. When I found her, I pulled her into the tent with me and started crying. I told her what happened. 
“So, what, you want him to go off with you and play a song for you on his guitar?” 
“No, no, he told me he wanted to play a song for me!” I insisted. Ansley didn’t look convinced. She gave me that friend look that says, “What the heck is going on with you?”
My mind was a blur during the evening meeting. By the end, the sky was pitch black, except for lanterns and flashlights. As Ansley and I were heading back to our tent, Paul and Jeff, donning soccer jackets, approached us. 
“Paul said you want him to play a song for you,” Jeff announced. “It’s not really OK for you to go off somewhere together, you know. It could look bad. So how about the four of us go to the van and he can play it there?”  
I was so humiliated.
“Uh, sure,” I said.
That’s how badly I wanted to hear the song. So much was racing through my head on the way to the van. If he was going to reveal his feelings in front of our friends, that was awkward—but better than nothing. 
When we climbed into the van, I got in the back seat and Paul got in the front seat. This is all wrong, I thought. I was sitting next to Ansley in the back, and Paul was sitting next to Jeff in front. Why didn’t he get in the back with me? 
“I wrote this song about a girl who is very special to me,” Paul began. “Her name is Caroline. We met at college, and we dated for a couple years. I was sure that God had made us for each other. But she broke up with me. She’s married now,” he gulped, “to some—a-hole.” 
I had to laugh. 
“As I was writing the song, I stopped halfway through and prayed. I suddenly realized that this song was not from me to Caroline, but from me to God. Here it goes.
Your love is enough for me.
Your love is all I need.
If I could give you my everything
I would. I would.
Your touch is amazing.
You make me a better me.
If I could spend every day in your arms
I would. I would.”
It was a beautiful, peaceful song, the kind a lover strums quietly next to his bride’s resting head. I knew the song was not for me. It was simple, but Paul seemed to think it was very profound. Why had he wanted to share it with me? Was there something more that he couldn’t tell me?
That was all I got: a timid performance, nostalgia for Caroline, a romantic praise song. After affirming his talent as a songwriter, we exited the van. I wanted to be happy and thankful for what he shared with me. But I was growing bitter. 
The next day was Thursday, the last day of VBS in the park. It was a very emotional day for our new friends and us. The morning was spent with lots of piggyback rides and vueltas (spinning in circles holding hands). The kids swarmed our van when we left for siesta. 
After lunch, the teams lounged at the siesta site, trying to catch a nap. I felt dissatisfied. Clawing at a chance to feel connected to Paul in some way, I asked him and Jeff if they would pray with me for Nico. 
“Hey guys, I’m really upset, and it’s because I’m so worried about Nico. We have been friends since forever, and it is so hard to watch him make bad choices in his life. I just want him to turn to Jesus.” It was true, but it was not the main reason why I was upset. 
“Sure, Miriam,” Paul said resting his hand on my shoulder. “Let’s gather the group together and pray for Nico right now.”
Ansley and a few others joined us, and we sat in a circle on the grass, held hands, and prayed.
I held Paul’s cool hand lightly, my palms sweating. As Paul prayed for Nico, my heart prayed for—what was it? A chance to be with Paul? Freedom from agony and confusion?
I broke into heaving sobs, the prayer for Nico a mask to cover the shame of how I had lost control. I was bawling and shaking. Foreign spirits taunted me. All I saw underneath my eyelids was salty darkness. While a few others prayed, I continued in full-blown breakdown. Then Paul prayed for me. As he held my hand tighter, he prayed for the Father’s hand of love to be upon me. 
At the end of the prayer, I was in a deep funk. The only good thing that echoed in my spirit was the phrase “hand of love.” My soul clung to that image. I walked across the park to hide behind a tree and Ansley followed. I hung my arms helplessly on her shoulders and continued to cry. She cried with me.
“It’s not about Nico,” I confessed.
“I know,” she said. 
The rest of our team had started loading the van, and Ansley and I knew we had to somehow get over to where the van was parked. It felt like a mile away. Alli, another girl in our group, came over to help us drag our feet to the street. It seemed like it took 30 minutes to get there. Once we were finally driving away in the van, I sat with my face drooping. 
Alli leaned her forehead on my shoulder and sat in silent prayer for 15 minutes straight, the whole ride back to the park. I welcomed her touch and her prayers. She knew that I was struggling against something evil. Once at summer camp, our whole bus had to wait for her because she was curled up in a ball on the floor of her cabin, screaming and crying, shouting and fighting against something dark that tormented her.
I stared at my reflection in the rearview mirror, hating myself, hating my ugliness, my weakness. But I could also see Alli’s head bowed in humble prayer. Finally, as if the clouds were blown away by a strong wind, the gloom lifted from me and I felt like an entirely different person. It was amazing. When I touched her and indicated that I felt better, she ignored me and kept on praying. I looked at myself in the mirror again. My face looked as if it had been washed clean.
That night we stayed late at the park, well after sunset. I think our goal was to stay so late that the kids would have to go home instead of hang on to our van as we drove away. We took lots of pictures with our niños and exchanged small gifts, cards, and home addresses. Olga wanted to sit on my lap, and I let her. Laura wanted to sing “Amor” one more time, and Susana gave me a bracelet she had made for me. Finally we prayed together, said our goodbyes, and left the park with a sense of closure and of having gained more from them than they had from us. 
At the evening meeting I sang to Jesus wholeheartedly because he had broken my heart for the poor and needy, in spite of my own shallow desires. With my empty hands in the air I asked for redemption, wholeness, shalom. Come rescue me, Oh Lord!
At the end of singing time, there was a candle-lighting ceremony, symbolic of the light we can spread through a dark world. Each of us held a single unlit candle. First, one leader stood on stage and lit a candle, then passed the light to the next person. Soon the light was spread through the whole throng of campers. It was a beautiful and encouraging sight to see. It is amazing how much light each individual candle provides. 
The air was cool and still. God was with us. I could sense him all around me. Just as I was thanking Jesus for giving me peace, it was my turn to have my candle lit. I opened my eyes and saw that Paul had walked over to me. When he lit my candle, my heart ignited again with the hope that he liked me.



Chapter Four
Good Friday
The next morning was Good Friday, and I awoke eager to grab some hot chocolate and head back to the border. It had been a great trip, but I was overdue for a hot shower and a pedicure. I spoke briefly to Jeff and Paul at breakfast, trying to be my lighthearted self.
My team and I mostly slept during the ride home. I stared out the window and let my mind wander. I concluded that once this trip was over it would be much easier to avoid Paul and let go of my childish desires for womanly things. I was too exasperated from the pointlessness of running away from something while holding onto it for dear life. Besides, guys my own age were so much less complicated. 
I was looking forward to seeing my family and attending the Good Friday service at church that evening. I had three days until I went back to my usual school routine. In a few weeks, I would be 18. I had three months to wait before I graduated high school. In six months, I would move out and begin a new adventure at Azusa Pacific University. My life was fluid. Soon I would be free. 
My dad was waiting for me when we arrived at the church. I felt relieved when I saw him, the most steadfast man I know. I gave him a big hug. He loaded my luggage into the trunk of his car.
“Let’s go, Dad! I need a shower!” I said, jumping in the front seat. Just as we were coasting away, someone approached the driver’s side window.
“Are you Miriam’s dad?”
My throat tightened.
“Yes,” my dad answered in his quiet manner.
“It’s nice to meet you. I’m Paul.” His sunglasses hid his eyes.
They shook hands. “I’m Drake Bernhardt. Nice to meet you. How was the trip?”
“It was great. Your daughter has a great heart for kids.” 
“Yes, we are very proud of her.”
“OK, so will I see you at the Good Friday service tonight?” he asked, pointing at me.
“Yep,” I answered. 
“All right, I’ll look for you. It was nice meeting you, Drake.”
“All right, goodbye,” my dad replied, and we rolled so slowly out of the parking lot. 
I got a call a few hours later.
“Hi Miriam, it’s Paul.”
“Hey Paul, what’s up?” I managed to squeak. “How’d you get my number?”
“I have connections,” he said. “I just want to make sure you have a ride to church.” 
“My parents are going, so I have a ride.” 
“OK—it would be great to talk to you after the service tonight. Will you have time?”
“Sure...” 
“All right, see you Mimi.”
I stared at my phone and wished Ansley, Bianca, or anyone was there to hear what I just heard. I wasn’t crazy. I wasn’t imagining things. He called me. This was really happening. I was sure of it now. 
I decided to drive separately from my parents so I could hang out as late as necessary after the service.
In the balcony at church that evening, our Mexico team sat together in one long row. Paul sat a few seats down from me. I couldn’t concentrate. My mind was as clear as cotton candy. The sermon sounded like a Gertrude Stein poem. 
After the service I told my parents I had plans to hang out with a friend from my team.  “Don’t stay out too late. You look tired,” my mom said.
“I’ll be home soon,” I promised. 
Everyone filtered out of the sanctuary and headed to their cars. Small groups of friends lingered to talk for a while. Paul stayed deep in conversation with one person after another. I waited patiently by the wall by myself, not wanting to pressure him to hurry.
He didn’t acknowledge me. Soon I felt frustrated. Then I felt dumb. Then I was furious. I was one of four people left in the entire building. I walked over to interrupt his conversation. It took everything in me.
“Um, Paul? You wanted to tell me something?”
“Hey Mimi, what’s up?”
I couldn’t believe it. It was as if he didn’t see me waiting by the wall pretending to look for something in my purse for the past half hour.
“Can we talk?” I begged for dignity. 
He gave his friend a high-five handshake, and we headed for the door—together.
Finally.
Then Bob came strolling out of the church office. “Hey, Miriam, what are you still doing here?”
“Hi Bob. Um—Paul wanted to talk to me after the service.” 
“Yeah, I am going to walk her to her car.” 
“I’ll go with you guys. You shouldn’t be alone together. It doesn’t look right, late at night like this.” 
The three of us walked through the back parking lot and Bob whispered something to Paul when they were a few strides ahead of me. 
“It’s fine, it’s fine, don’t worry.” Paul nodded in agreement. “I’m right there with you, Bob.” 
“Miriam, are you 18 yet?” Bob asked.
“I will be in a few weeks.”
“Be careful,” Bob cautioned Paul, and he said goodnight and walked over to his car.
Even though I loved and respected Bob, I felt like he was butting in, and I was relieved when he finally got into his car and drove away.
“So what is it?” I asked, eager to help Paul as much as possible to spit out what he wanted to tell me. For the first time ever, we were totally alone. My body started to ache for him. 
“Miriam. What I wanted to tell you—it’s not the right time.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s not the right time to tell you.”
“You are joking. What is it?”
He thought for a moment.
“It’s OK, just tell me,” I said.
He stood there quietly. 
“When will it be the right time to say something? When I’m 18?”
He looked into my eyes like he couldn’t believe I just said that. 
“Tell me,” I said softly.
“Just be patient, OK Mimi? Can you do that for me?” 
“Sure,” I said. “OK. I’ll go now.”
I took a step backward. The moment when I should have hugged him passed, and I didn’t touch him. I got in my car, started the engine, and drove away.
I should not have been driving, because I literally could not see through the thick cascade of tears.
Sunday was Easter, and Easter brought renewal and hope from the Holy Spirit. I spent the day with my family. Although overwhelmed by my internal noise, I found joy again in the celebration of Jesus Christ’s resurrection from the dead. My predicament forced me to lean heavily on God as I constantly prayed and obsessed over this avalanche that I could not control.
I concluded that he was a big-time jerk for making me wait for him after church, but I forgave him, and I still adored him.
I was fully aware that this was a crush. This was a major crush. I also knew that crushes leave you crushed; I learned that from the dad in the ‘80s movie Sixteen Candles. But Samantha gets to be with her crush at the end of the film.
Besides, Paul initiated this whole developing situation. He initiated. I responded. 
On Monday, I found it impossible to concentrate at school. I spent the day writing poems in my notebook and journaling during class. 
On Tuesday, expecting a call from Bianca, I picked up the phone enthusiastically. It was not Bianca.
“Hi Miriam.”
“Paul, hi. How are you?”
“Pretty good. I was just thinking—I was wondering if I could take you to The Grove sometime this week. Have you been there?”
“Yes, I mean, yes, of course I have been there.”
“What day is good for you?”
“Well, I have school and then work, so, you know, I would have to go in the evening time. Um—Thursday?”
“Thursday works,” he said. “Let’s meet at church and then I’ll drive over there.”
“OK. What time?”
“Around eight o’clock?” 
“Sure, that sounds really fun. I’ll see you Thursday then.”
“All right, Mimi. I’m looking forward to it.” 
“You will never guess who just asked me to go to The Grove,” I told Bianca over the phone a few seconds later.
“Paul?” She had a good guess because I had already updated her on everything that had happened. 
“Yes!” I squealed, glancing over my shoulder to make sure my bedroom door was closed.
“What? You are kidding. So is it, like, just you two?”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Wow, Miriam. That is—weird!”
“Yes, I know! So here is the weirder thing: He isn’t picking me up at my house. He wants me to meet him at church.”
“Miriam, you are like jailbait for him. Of course he isn’t going to pick you up at your house.”
“So I should do it. I should go, right?”
“Yes! And call me as soon as you get home!”


Chapter Five
The Grove
Thursday night I purposely arrived at the church at 8:15 p.m. so I wouldn’t appear too anxious. This time he can wait for me, I thought. He wasn’t there. I almost turned around and went home. Instead I waited and waited. 
Then I saw headlights, and a car rolled into the parking lot. 
“Paul!” I waved. He was half an hour late. I took a deep breath, put a mint in my mouth, picked up my purse and my jacket and got out of my car. 
He leaned over and opened the door for me from the inside. I climbed in and settled into the passenger seat of his silver Honda. He looked amazing, just like a tall, lean movie star, and the car smelled like his cologne. He wore a black-collared shirt with a charcoal gray sweater over it, and khaki pants. I had tried to think of what he would want me to wear. After trying on seven different outfits, I went with my green silky shirt and tight, dark jeans. I wanted to look church-sexy, a good balance of attractive and modest clothes. I wore my hair long and straight—the way I always wore it—but I spent extra time making my makeup look perfect.
“Hey, you look good,” he said. He had me. That was all it took. I no longer needed an apology for his tardiness.
“Thanks, so do you.”
We were back to our carefree friendship. We talked and laughed in the car on the way there, getting to know each other just a little bit more. When we arrived at The Grove, I was starving.
“Are you hungry?” I asked.
“No, my mom made a big dinner,” he said. 
“Oh. I didn’t have dinner.” 
“Well, let’s go get something to eat.”
Every restaurant was packed, and I was ravenous. We ended up at a tiny ‘50s diner. French fries—that’s it, that’s all I ordered. I couldn’t eat a whole meal with him watching me. 
I glanced into his eyes while we were talking. They were so bright blue, so mesmerizing. He had a smile on his face. 
“How are you liking those fries?” he asked, brushing his hand over mine.
“They’re good,” I said, inhaling a piece of potato in my windpipe. I pulled my hand away from his and started to cough. Then I couldn’t eat another bite. 
After he paid for my fries, I was convinced: This is a date. Even though he didn’t pick me up at my house or plan to have dinner together, he drove me here, touched my hand, and paid for my French fries. This is really happening. 
I wanted to show him my entire soul. I wanted to give anything and everything of myself to him. But my feelings were premature. He hadn’t even hugged me; he hadn’t said a thing about how he felt or why we were there that night. But I had to say something. I had to share my feelings with him. But what was concrete enough to share? 
I want to be your wife.
I couldn’t say it, but the desire was rippling through my body. 
After walking around and visiting a few novelty stores, we sat down at a coffee shop. I didn’t order anything.
I was going to do it. I had to. I was going to be the first to say something. 
“Can I tell you something?” I asked. 
After finishing his sip of coffee, he set down his cup and looked at me. 
“I want to tell you something that might sound kinda weird,” I said.
“OK.” He tensed up a little. 
Suddenly, a karaoke singer started belting the song “I Will Always Love You” across the courtyard. His eyes widened. 
“That is the worst rendition of that song I have ever heard,” Paul said, laughing.
Oh no, he’s trying to change the subject. 
“Um, so, what I want to say is …” It took way too long to choose just the right words.
“I feel … don’t take this the wrong way. But I feel—somehow—devoted to you.”
He was quiet for a minute.
“OK,” he said. 
Come on Paul, please give me a Jane Austen moment and tell me something brilliant.
“Explain.”
“OK. I feel like it wasn’t just a coincidence that you came to Mexico. I feel like maybe God had a hand in that.”
He nodded. 
“I feel like we get along really well. I mean, like, really well.”
He took another sip, with a half smile.
“We laugh at the same stuff. And I guess I have a lot of respect for you. I remember when you spoke in church on a Sunday when I was in junior high. You just had this presence. I think I shook your hand afterward, and I just felt like we had a connection, you know?”
“When was that?”
“When you told us about your—your testimony.” 
He thought for a moment, trying to remember. Then it clicked. He sat up in his chair. “You were in junior high then? Wow. I feel old.”
He closed his eyes and then looked down at the table.
I started to speak again, but a drunk guy singing “Billy Jean” interrupted me.
Paul put his hand over his eyes and started shaking.
“Are you OK? I’m sorry, I’m so sorry!”
He took his hand away and burst out laughing. “Can you believe this guy? I think we should sing next. If this guy can get up there and sing, then they should let us have a go, right?”
I sat there stunned, sort of wanting to cry and laugh at the same time. 
“Have a go? What does that even mean?”
“Come on, Miriam!”
We went over, put our names on the list, and started looking through the songs. 
“This one,” he said, pointing to “YMCA.”
“No way. Let’s do a Disney song.”
“No freakin’ way,” he said. I hit him on the shoulder, and he seemed to like it.
“OK, OK, sorry, I forgot that I still have to be a good example. You’re still a student.”
“I’m almost in college.”
“Yeah. It’s taking too long for you to get there.”
“No kidding,” I said, smiling. 
“This song is awesome. Let’s do this one.”
“ ‘Brown Eyed Girl.’ Van Morrison. I love that song.” 
We wrote down the number for our song and waited for our turn. I got really nervous and started sweating. Great, I thought. Now I’m gonna have wet armpits and B.O.
We were up next. 
“I can’t do it!” I said, my hands over my face. 
“Yes you can, Miriam.”
The DJ handed us each our own microphone. The music began. I looked out past the stage and saw that no one was even watching us—I decided to go for it.
We sounded great together. I looked up from the karaoke screen long enough to see a small crowd of people watching. Some rowdy guys jumping around in the fountain turned to see what was going on. 
When we got to the part about making love, I almost died. I’d forgotten about that part of the song.
At the end, we heard a light, faraway applause. As we walked off stage, he took my hand and squeezed it, just for a second. 
“We did it,” he said. “We redeemed the ears of The Grove.”
Suddenly, I remembered that it was a school night. 
“What time is it?”
Paul looked at his watch. 
“Eleven.”
“My mom is going to kill me!” 
“Your mom?”
“I didn’t tell her where I was going.”
“Will she care?”
I called home.
Please don’t be mad, please don’t be mad!
“Hi Mom.” I tried to sound playful. 
“Where are you?” she hollered. She was determined to be mad.
“The Grove.”
“You need to come home right now! You have school tomorrow! Who are you with?”
“Paul Greer. From church. I’m fine! I’ll be home soon. We’ll leave right now.” 
“Who’s Paul?”
“I’ll tell you when I get home.”
“Wow, she was pretty upset,” Paul said. I knew that was a euphemism for hysterical.
“I forgot to tell her about tonight.”
“I guess I forgot that you still have to check in with your parents,” he said.
On the drive home, I was really stressed about my next encounter with my mom. But I didn’t want that to ruin my last moments alone with Paul. I tried to act normal and make him feel comfortable.
“So how is your family doing?” I asked. 
“Great.”
“That’s so awesome.”
I waited for a while, and then gently asked, “So how is your sister? She has leukemia, right?”
“She passed away last year.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t know. How did I not know?” 
“It’s the strangest thing—I miss my sister but I am so glad she doesn’t have to suffer anymore.” 
I didn’t really know what to say. I had never known anyone who had died before. We sat in silence for the rest of the ride.
When he dropped me off at my car, I gave him a quick side-hug from the passenger seat. He started to say something and then he hesitated.
“It was good talking with you,” he said. 
“Yeah. Thanks so much. And I hope—you understand what I was saying at the coffee shop. Sorry if it was out of nowhere.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll be thinking about it.”
“Well, thanks for tonight. Everything. I had a great time.” 
As I drove away from the church, I got the chills. He had touched my hand. Twice. We sang freakin’ karaoke together. I had to tell Bianca. I replayed the night over and over again in my mind. When I got home, my mom and dad were already asleep. I stood in the bathroom with the door closed and whispered to myself in the mirror, trying to see what I looked like when I talked to Paul. 
For the next few days I avoided my mom. Finally, on Saturday morning we were both hanging out in our pajamas, and she was in a good mood.
“Mom, can I ask your advice about something?” 
“Sure.”
“Can you stop doing the dishes and just listen?”
She dried her hands, and we sat down on the family room couch. 
“It’s about a guy. Paul.”
“Oh?”
“He is the greatest guy. He is like, amazing. He is so close to God. And I think God is bringing us together. Whatever’s going on, I really think God is doing it.”
“How long have you known him?”
“A few years, but we got to know each other well in Mexico.”
“I’m glad he’s a Christian. But he kept you out late.”
“Yeah …”
“Do his parents not care if he is out late?”
“Well, the thing is—he is kind of older.”
“Miriam—how old is he?” 
“No, Mom, it’s OK. He is one of the youth leaders at church. He’s going to be a pastor.” 
“How old is he?”
“Twenty-something.”
“You don’t know?”
“Twenty-two.” It was a white lie.
“That’s way too old for you!”
“I know …”
“Miriam, I don’t like this.”
“Well …”
“What about his parents? What do they think? What about Bob and Kelly?”
“They don’t know. But I’m sure everything will be fine, I mean we aren’t officially going out or anything. We don’t even hold hands.”
“Bob needs to know.”
“No he doesn’t. Mom—God is the center of this. We don’t have to make Bob the center. You know, the reason I wanted to talk to you was because I thought you would support me. Now you are freaking out.”
“I can’t support you if Paul isn’t honest with the church.”
“Mom, why try to rush it? Do you trust me that this is from God?”
“OK. We’ll see if he starts to show some respect. He can start by getting you home at a decent time.”  
Paul called that afternoon. 
“I want to see you again. How about Denny’s? Tonight?”
“Sure.” Even Denny’s was fine with me, as long as I was with him. “How about the Denny’s in Burbank?” I asked.
“I was thinking the Denny’s in the Valley. It’s right by my parents’ house.”
“It’s really far for me, but OK.”
I was excited. Maybe I would get to meet his parents. I got all dressed up this time. My hair and makeup and jewelry, every detail had to be perfect. Should I use two sprays of perfume? I had it in my mind that I was going to give him a big hug when I saw him. I had not truly hugged him yet. 
We planned to meet at 9 that Saturday night. I arrived at 9:10, positive that he would be there.
I didn’t see his car, so I sat in my car and waited. Then I walked inside and looked for him. I got back in my car and waited some more. I was brutally disappointed. How could he make me wait for him late at night, alone, in the parking lot of Denny’s? How could he do this to me—again?
Before I could drive, my friend Lana would let me ride with her from school to ballet class five days a week, and my mom was supposed to pick me up. Every day Mom would be late. Occasionally, she would completely forget. I would wait outside alone, the ballet studio closed for the night. If I could reach my sister Gretchen and convince her to come get me, I was lucky. I developed a loathing for waiting, a rage against whoever abandoned me. 
So Paul had lost this game before he even met me. I couldn’t handle waiting. I kept telling myself, “Any minute. He has to be here soon.” But he never came.
It was 9:35 p.m. and I was a fool, alone at Denny’s. If he found me waiting there, I would look like a fool even more. So I left. On my way home I passed through the parking lot of the Denny’s in Burbank, just in case, but he wasn’t there either. I went home—completely dejected. 
The next morning I went to church with puffy eyes. I hoped he wouldn’t be there. I didn’t want to see him. What would I say? I thought I might scream. So I decided that I would ignore him if I saw him, and stay proud. 
I didn’t even see him come in. I was standing by myself in the back, and he drew next to me, just out of my periphery. When he spoke, I had to turn to be sure it was Paul. I wanted to run away.
“No Lenny’s?” he whispered. This was during the youth group service, so we had to be quiet.
“What?” I whispered back.
“No Lenny’s?” he said again. I didn’t think it was cute.
“You never came,” I said, tears welling up in my eyes.
“You never came,” he insisted.
I didn’t move an inch. We stood next to each other dumbly. 
After Bob concluded his message, Jeff came over and put his hand on my shoulder.
“What’s going on, guys?”
“Not much, man,” Paul said. 
I left. 
Later that day he called my house. “Hi Mimi.” 
“Hey.” I wanted to smile, but I was too upset. 
“You left church pretty quickly today.”
“Yeah.”
Silence.
“I was wondering if you could meet me at Denny’s tonight.”
Why was he messing with me?
“No, I don’t think I can. I have homework and school tomorrow.”
“I want to make up for last night. Have you ever been to Santa Barbara?”
I perked up. “I love Santa Barbara. My aunt and uncle live there.”
“There’s this restaurant I want to take you to.”
“Which one?”
“You’ll find out. So will you meet me at Denny’s?”
I hesitated. “Why can’t you just pick me up at my house? My parents want to meet you.”
“Santa Barbara is in the other direction.”
“OK. But you’re going to have to tell me what time you’ll be there, ‘cause I’m not waiting for you.”

Chapter Six
The Pier
He was right on time. I climbed into his car. I was excited. I had curled my hair, and I wore tight jeans and a black blouse that showed off my ballerina shape. He wore a jacket over a white shirt and jeans. We were going to dinner. This was officially an official date. Before I could feel completely comfortable, I had to clear things up.
“When did you get to Denny’s last night?” I asked as he drove up the ramp, onto the 101.
“Nine-thirty.”
I knew that wasn’t right. But I forgave him.
“Wow. I thought you flaked on me.”
“I would never flake on you.” 
He looked amazing; his black hair was slightly gelled. When his blue eyes met mine, my brain buzzed and I couldn’t stop smiling. By the time we got to Santa Barbara, my face hurt.
He parked, and when we got out of the car, the cool, salty beach air filled my being and increased my euphoria.
He guided me up Stearn’s Wharf to Surfside. 
We went up a flight of stairs to the second floor. Our feet pounded on the wood steps, and the noise of the restaurant got louder and louder as we approached.
“I’ve never been here before,” I shouted to Paul so he could hear me above the noise and music.
“I think you’ll like it,” Paul shouted back. I felt important as we strolled over to our table, kicking peanut shells as we went. A pile of peanuts greeted us at our table, and Paul explained that part of the fun of Surfside was eating peanuts and throwing the shells on the floor.
“Wow! I love this place already!” I shouted.
We ordered cheeseburgers and sat and talked. We had to ask each other to repeat everything we said, so instead of talking, we started throwing the peanut shells at each other. Paul knew how to make me laugh.
The food was great, but neither of us ate very much. I could hardly eat because I was so excited. He said he couldn’t eat because his mom had made him a big lunch that day. When he got up to go to the bathroom, I quickly moved his plate to the side and wrote him a note on the table using peanuts: “Hi.”
When he saw my note, he smiled. He had a great smile.
“Let’s go,” he shouted. “Let’s go enjoy the fresh air!”
We walked outside to the edge of the pier, circled around, and then walked back and sat on a wooden bench below Surfside. It was cold. We were close together with our hands in our jacket pockets.
After sitting silently for a while, he spoke. “I don’t want to go back to the sports ministry,” he said.
“When do you go back?”
“In two weeks.”  
“Are you kidding? You have to leave the country in two weeks?” 
He nodded and looked right at me. He put his arm on the bench behind my back, and I lost my train of thought. “It’s so dreary and lonely over there. I hate it.”
I didn’t know what to say. We sat quietly for a while longer. I looked up at the night sky and remembered God’s presence in Mexico. That great, loving God was here with us as well. I said a prayer in my heart for Paul. 
He stood up and walked just ahead of us to the gray wooden railing on the pier. I got up and stood next to him, leaning on the splintered wood. I looked down into the dark water as it lapped and splashed against the sides of the black barnacle and mussel shell-covered posts shining below. I was filled with awe. This time. This place. This man by my side.
Paul looked past me, across the water to the shore. Then he spoke. “I was in such a low place after Caroline got married. I thought about doing something really terrible. The most terrible thing.”
“What?”
“The worst thing possible.”
I didn’t know what he meant. I thought he might mean suicide. I tried to imagine what could be worse than suicide; all I could come up with was the possibility of him wanting to sleep with a prostitute or any other woman for that matter. 
Whatever it was, I had to ask him one question. 
“Would you?”
“What do you mean?”
“Would you ever do that terrible thing?”
He stood gazing across the water for what seemed like a long time. I couldn’t look at him, but I felt him leaning on the railing next to me. He took his time and answered very intentionally.
“No,” he said confidently, pushing off the railing with both hands and taking a step back.
It’s hard to explain what happened next.
Right after Paul said no, I felt a sense of darkness. It swept over me, and my eyes opened to the realm of spirits. A large gray-colored demon, about 7 feet tall, sat perched on the railing in front of me, his wings folded against his back. Suddenly, I could feel its heavy hands clenching my throat, trying to plunge me toward the ocean. I had no voice, but I wanted to scream for my life.
“Die!” the dark spirit commanded me. “Drown yourself!” it screamed. “Kill yourself!” A pressure pushed my head down and forward. Sounds of rushing water and cries of hopelessness filled my ears. 
“Jesus!” Finally, I was able to yell. “Jesus, Jesus!” I stumbled backward toward the bench behind me. It was gone. Whatever it was, it was gone. Tears streamed down my face and into my mouth. I sat on the bench hunched over, out of breath.
“What happened?” Paul ran to my side and grabbed my hands. I was trembling. I didn’t want him to touch me. “Miriam, tell me what happened.”
How could I explain to him? I didn’t even know what had happened. 
“Something wanted me to die.  It was filled with hatred. It wanted to drown me—or it wanted me to drown myself. This has never happened before.”
“Keep talking, tell me more.” 
“I don’t want it!” I cried, shaking my hands. “I don’t want this!”
I hung my head and covered my face. I couldn’t pray; I was too angry. Yet I didn’t know why I was so angry. I was mad—at Paul. It was his struggle. This was his demon. I wanted nothing to do with it. 
“Come on, let’s get out of here,” he said.
I walked stiffly to his car, and we drove up the street to a small coffee shop. He ordered some hot tea while I stared out the window. Everything seemed to be slanted diagonally. I watched a person walk by with a cat on a leash and strained to steady my senses. Could this get any weirder? I felt pressure in my head like I had water stuck in one ear. 
Paul sat down next to me and placed a cup of tea on the table in front of me. Surrounded by the smell of coffee and the strumming of an acoustic guitar, I began to warm up and settle down.
“There’s one more place I’d like to take you—when you’re ready,” he said softly.
“Can we go to your car and pray first?”
“Of course.”
So we took our tea to his car. I prayed silently. Then I prayed out loud. I prayed for a long time. I thought back to Mexico when I felt attacked, and Alli had prayed for me in the van. She had prayed and prayed. So I kept praying. Finally, I felt better. The oppression was gone.
“Sorry if that was the longest prayer ever. You must be really bored,” I apologized.
“No, it’s OK. I’m not bored,” he said. But I could tell that he was. We were both content to move on with our evening and pretend that nothing had happened.
After a short drive we arrived at a dock with rows and rows of beautiful boats. No one was around. It must have been midnight. We got out and walked along the water. The breeze chilled my face, and I wanted to hug Paul just to stay warm. But I didn’t touch him, and he didn’t touch me.
All the way to the edge of the dock and back we walked, silently. So many things came to my mind—flirtatious comments, ways I could make contact with him—but I kept my mouth shut. The awkwardness of what had happened earlier deterred me from doing anything daring.
I looked up at the moon. Gorgeous, gorgeous night. If only he would take me in his arms and kiss me! If only God would let my dreams come true. 
On the way back to the car I was tempted to grab his hand. He went through all this trouble to bring me here, I thought. But he was still my church leader. I was still underage. I just couldn’t do it. He didn’t do it either. 
We got back to Denny’s around two in the morning. We both got out of the car and stood facing each other for a moment. Then I turned, and he escorted me to my car. 
“Thank you so much for tonight,” I said. “I had a great time.”
“I had a great time too,” he said. “You are a very special girl. I know God has great plans for you.”
“How do you know?”
“Your heart is good,” he said. “Your heart is His.”
“You are . . . amazing,” I told him. “You know how to make me feel special.”
“I’m sorry about what happened on the pier,” he said.
“I hope we can both wake up tomorrow and forget that even happened.”
“That sounds good to me,” Paul said.
I took a step toward him so our arms were touching. Playfully, I leaned on his side and looked into his eyes. He took my hand and pointed to my purity ring.
“What’s this?” he asked.
“It’s my purity ring,” I said. “I got it after I got baptized. Do you remember when you baptized me at the lake?”
“Yes.”
“I read Passion and Purity by Elisabeth Elliot that summer. I decided not to kiss anyone else until my wedding day. And I wear this ring to remind me of my promise.”
“That’s good,” he said.
“You better stop being so sweet,” I said. “You’re making it hard for me to not kiss you.” 
“A friend once told me that kissing is one way to know if you are meant for each other. When you kiss the right one, you just know.”
“I think I already know,” I said.
“Do you?” 
“If it’s God’s will.”
“How do you know?”
“I just do.”
When I got home, there was a note on my bed, written in my mom’s frantic scribble:
“You are grounded! I forbid you to see Paul again!”
“Perfect,” I said under my breath, and I plopped down on my bed, exhausted. But I couldn’t sleep. I sat up late into the night, writing in my prayer journal about what had happened on the pier. I stayed awake, crying quietly and writing poems until I knew that only Jesus was in the room with me.



Chapter Seven
The Park
I was tardy once again for my AP government class. I had a huge project due in a few days. My grade in the class was a low C, and this project was essential for my final grade—and college scholarships. I had to prepare for a team debate on the topic of abortion. Along with my debate partner, Kevin, I had been researching for months in order to defend the pro-life position. The more I researched, the more seriously I regarded this opportunity to inform my classmates of the truth about abortion procedures and the benefits of alternative solutions for unwanted pregnancies.
At first I chose the topic merely because of my religion and my parent’s political affiliation. But then my friend Juliet had an abortion. She was awake for the whole procedure. She called me the evening after her abortion and told me all the gruesome details. She was a tough girl, but that night on the phone she was just broken. I listened with a detached horror as she whispered her story over the phone. She should never have gone through that. I felt terrible because I had introduced her to the guy who got her pregnant. He gave her money for the abortion, and they never talked again. Weeks later, when Juliet and I were tanning at my pool, she said, “You know, there isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t think about my baby.” She still called it ‘her baby.’ I loved her, and I did not judge her decision. She did what she thought was best. But I wished that there had been some other option for her. Something she would not regret.
Kevin and I had to present arguments for our opinion and rebuttals to the opposing side’s arguments. I was nervous. At least I still had one more week to prepare. 
Unfortunately, I was just a tad bit distracted from my schoolwork. I had my mind on overload, replaying all my conversations with Paul, every look and touch he gave me, every word he and I had said, and all the words I wanted to say. 
Then there was the issue of being grounded. I had never been grounded before, so I didn’t know if Mom would follow through or not. But I had to change her mind about Paul. If my mom disapproved, she might say something cruel and embarrass me in front of him. Or worse, she might go into one of her angry rages and completely scare him away.
By Monday evening she had cooled down enough to talk about the note she had left on my bed.
“Miriam,” she said, “If this is God’s will, Paul can be open about it with the pastor and get some advice about the whole thing.” 
“Paul thinks it looks bad. He doesn’t want to let anyone know until I am out of the youth group.”
“See, Miriam, that just proves that this is wrong. You tell Paul that if he doesn’t say something to the church about this, I will.”
I gasped. “Mom! You can’t!”
“Then he has to.”
“I thought you would be happy for me, and now you are ruining my life! I shouldn’t have told you anything!”
She gritted her teeth. “You tell Paul to tell the church!” 
“Don’t you understand? We have to wait till I’m 18! I don’t want to hide it anymore either, Mom! I wish everyone could know! But I’m 17!”
“You tell him to talk to Bob. Or I will.”
“OK. I’ll tell Paul. Don’t say anything, Mom. Just—don’t you dare say a thing.”
“Fine.”
“Ugh!” I ran upstairs to my room and slammed the door.
Then I opened it again and yelled, “Am I grounded?”
“Yes!” she called.
I slammed the door as hard and as loud as I could, which wasn’t nearly hard enough because the wind held it against me, and that made me even madder.
I found a note on my car when I went off campus for lunch the next day. 
Mimi,
Hi. I’ve been thinking about you. Meet me in front of the school at 3:00 if you can. Hope you are having a great day. 
Paul
I was scheduled to go to work after school. I worked as a receptionist for a dermatologist.  But I did need some extra time for my project. I called my boss and said I had too much schoolwork, and I couldn’t make it that day. I felt a tinge of guilt. 
School was out at 2 o’clock, and I went to the school library and worked on my project until 3. I walked slowly from the library down the long hallway of Building A, wondering whether or not he would be there. I scanned the boulevard for his car as I approached the edge of the campus. Ah! He was there. Waiting for me. And my heart was beating like crazy—it was way louder than my guilty conscience.
“Hi!” I shouted and waved. 
“He-llo!” He smiled. He got out of the car and opened my door for me.
We stopped for smoothies and then drove to a nearby park. I could smell the hot playground sand, and I ran to the swings. 
“I bet I can swing higher than you!” I said.
“Oh really?” He swung as high as the trees and then jumped off, landing in the sand. Then he ran up the slide and came back down on his feet like a surfer.
He had a blanket he had bought in Mexico in the trunk of his car, and we spread it out on the grass and sat down, enjoying the shade. I held my smoothie with both hands, trying to look dainty and take sips without slurping. 
“So you are going off to college in the fall,” he said after a while.
“Yes, I’m so excited. I can’t wait to live in the dorms.”
“Yeah, dorm life can be pretty crazy. There will be lots of guys giving you lots of attention.”
“Yeah right!”
“You know it’s true, Mimi. You know you’re beautiful.”
“You think I’m beautiful?”
“And more.”
I wanted to kiss him. 
“You …” I started. He casually rolled up his sleeves, because it was hot out, revealing his tan, muscular arms. I had to look away.
After a while he spoke again. “How long will it take you to graduate?” he asked gently, watching me as I stared off in the distance.
“Four years, probably.”
“Four years is a long time. You think you can finish in three?”
“No!” I laughed. I thought he was joking, but when I looked at him, he was serious.
“Some people graduate in three years.” 
He got up and walked over to a picnic bench and sat down on the top, with his feet on the seat, and looked down at me.
“My dad told me a story today,” he said. “He told me about a girl who got married right when she turned 18, and after about 10 years, she left her husband. She said she never got to live her life.”
“That’s sad. Was she a Christian?”
“I think she was,” he said. “I want you to go to college and really live your life. Go out with nice guys, have fun with your roommates, go out on the weekends.”
“Paul—I want to see you, not other guys.”
His eyes looked surprised. Was I being too blunt?
“You can drive down to see me on the weekends, right?” I asked.
I could tell by the look on his face that he had never thought of visiting me while I was away at college. I was hurt. I needed something concrete. Something reassuring.
“Paul, can I ask you something?”
“Yeah.”
“Remember that postcard you sent me from your soccer ministry? I was so excited when I got it, but you sent one to Bianca too. Did you send one to everybody in the youth group?”
“No, just you two.”
“Why just her and me?”
“I didn’t want it to be too obvious…”
“Obvious that…?” I prompted.
“That I was thinking about you. Ever since I saw you pray for Nico that one night at Starbucks, I knew that you were different. In a good way. God is real to you. God owns your heart. It’s like, when you pray, you see his face.”
“How do you know that?”
“You brought me there with you.”
It was exactly how I felt when he prayed. Again, I felt like we were related, like I had known him since the beginning of time. When I looked at him, I saw his shining spirit. When we talked and laughed, it was as if our souls danced and played together. I could see him when I closed my eyes, and I could understand him when he was quiet. 
I wanted run my fingers through his dark hair and kiss him.
Instead, I lied down on the blanket and put my hands behind my head. I thought to myself, “Ask me now. Just ask me to marry you today, and I’ll say yes. I will never leave you.”
He drove me back to my car, which was still in the student parking lot.  As I climbed out, I told him how busy I was with my pro-life project. I walked around the car and leaned into the driver’s window. 
I smiled at him. “I won’t be able to hang out much this week. But definitely call me, you know, when you think of me.”
“So in five minutes?” he said quietly under his breath. He was looking down at the steering wheel, and then he lifted his blue eyes to connect them with mine. It was the first time he had freely said what he felt about me. The first time he let down his guard to admit that he liked me. 
“Sure, call me any time you want.” I don’t even know what I said after that. And I don’t remember getting into my car or driving away or what happened next. Because all I could think about was his affectionate words and his sincere eyes. 
It was one of the sweetest things I’d ever heard. For the rest of the day I replayed the scene in my head over and over again: me getting out of the car, leaning over to say, “Bye, call me when you think of me,” and him exhaling, saying, “So in five minutes?” His eyes, his skin, beautiful.



Chapter Eight
Goodbye
I had to do it. When he called me that night, I told him about the note I found on my bed. 
“My mom was pretty mad that I got home after 2 o’clock the other night.”
“Uh-oh.”
“Yeah. I’m grounded.” 
“Grounded? I haven’t heard that word in a long time.”
“Me neither. This is the first time I’ve ever been grounded!”
“I’m the bad guy?”
“It gets worse,” I said. “My mom said she wants us to tell Bob that we’ve been hanging out.”
He waited.
“You’re joking, right?”
“No.”
“Mimi, I can’t tell Bob.” He laughed but sounded concerned as well. 
“I know, but why?”
“I just can’t. I don’t think that it’s a good idea.”
“Well—you see—my mom said that if you don’t, then she would.”
There. I said it.
I honestly believed that he would say OK. I imagined us making plans to meet with someone at church, sitting down together in an office with Bob and the senior pastor, praying together and receiving a blessing based on the fact that our courtship was pure and wholesome. But Paul’s response surprised me.
“No, she can’t. Would your mom do that?”
“I don’t know. She was pretty serious, but I don’t know if she would actually do it or not. But what’s the worst that can happen?”
“Tell her … tell her …”
“What?”
“Talk to her for me, would you? Tell her not to tell the church.”
“I already begged her. She’s unpredictable sometimes. I don’t know what she will do.”
“Shoot.”
He didn’t call me for a couple of days. I had so much work to do for my debate that it didn’t bother me too much. But I can’t lie. I was thinking about him every moment of every day. I remember catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror and thinking, my head is truly in the clouds.
Friday evening I wondered if I should give him a call. My debate had gone extremely well that morning, and I wanted to tell him all about it. And now that the project was over, I could spend as much time as possible with Paul before he had to leave. 
I called him.
“Hey, I haven’t heard from you in a few days. How are you?” I asked.
It warmed my soul to hear his gentle, raspy voice.
“I am packing my clothes right now.”
“You’re packing already? When do you leave?”
“Just a few more days.”
“Wow.  So are you feeling OK about going back to the ministry?”
“I just have to make it to June.” 
“That’s great. Will you be back for my graduation on June 11th?” 
“Uh, I don’t think so.” He seemed less vivacious than normal. “It depends on how long it takes me to finish my responsibilities—paperwork and cleanup and stuff like that.”
We sat in uncomfortable silence.
“So what did your mom say?” he asked.
“I don’t think she has said anything.”
“Didn’t your mom tell you that we talked?”
“What? No! When did you talk to her?”
“Wednesday.”
“She didn’t tell me anything about it! Did she call you, or did you call her?”
“I called her. I wanted to apologize to her for keeping you out late and just explain things.”
“Oh my gosh, I am so embarrassed. Was she cool? Is everything cool?”
“You should ask her about it.”
I wondered what that meant.
“OK.”
Then I was dying to get off the phone and talk to my mom. 
“I gotta go, but I wanted to tell you about my debate today.”
“How did it go?”
“So good. The class was 30 percent pro-life before the debate, and 75 percent pro-life after the debate! Can you believe that?”
“Great job!”
“My partner, Kevin, and I got an A. That means I’ll get at least a B in AP government! Did you know that colleges count AP grades as one grade higher? That means I’ll get the top academic scholarship at APU!”
“Your partner was a guy?” he asked. I thought it was a funny response. 
“Yes.”
“Does he have crush on you?” 
“I don’t think so.”
“I’m sure he does. A lot of guys have crushes on you.”
“That’s not what I want to hear. I only want to hear about one guy. That’s all that matters to me.”
“Miriam, you are in the Lord’s hands. That’s what I like most about you. You’re his.”
He didn’t say Mimi. He said Miriam.
I ran downstairs to ask my mom what she said to Paul over the phone. I approached her abruptly, interrupting Wheel of Fortune.
“Why didn’t you tell me Paul called you?”
“Hold on Miriam. Wait for the commercial!”
I waited, pacing back and forth behind the couch.
“I can’t believe you didn’t tell me!”
As soon as the commercials came on, I grabbed the remote and pushed mute.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I guess I thought you would talk to him about it.”
“What did you say to him?”
“Well, he was very polite. He said he wanted to apologize. He was sorry for keeping you out late. And that was about it.”
“That’s all? What else did he say?”
“Miriam, I don’t remember every word.”
I wanted to punch her in the face. Maybe then she would remember. I wanted to pull my hair out. 
After a moment, she remembered more. “He wanted to make sure that I was not going to talk to the pastor about you two.”
“And?”
“I told him I wouldn’t, but I wanted him to do it. He didn’t seem to think it was necessary, and I said that if this relationship is God’s will, he would do it.”
“Mom! Why did you say that?”
“That’s what I said. That’s it. I don’t want to talk about it anymore.” She lifted her glasses and found the mute button, pushed it three times, and Pat Sajak’s voice thundered in the living room. 
I stomped upstairs. My heart was seething with frustration. It was bursting with all the love I couldn’t give to Paul. I resorted to the next best release: writing. I started writing letters to him, letters that I could mail to him to let him know that I would be faithful to him and to God. I wrote poems and songs with tears falling all over the paper.
I will not be a mere flower
Busy with bees
and soon to wilt
I will be a cactus
With your water
And wait patiently
Here in the desert
The weekend went by slowly. I have to admit I was a little bit depressed that I didn’t see him for four days.
When Sunday morning arrived, I turned off my alarm and went back to sleep. Two hours later I looked at the clock and rubbed my eyes. I got ready slowly, applying my makeup just right and braiding my hair to make it look extra pretty. I drove to Coral Café, which was the hang out spot after the youth service.
When I first arrived, I saw a lot of familiar faces, but not the one man I was looking for. Why wasn’t he there? Was he avoiding me? Didn’t he want to see me? Suddenly I felt a deep, gloomy void in my chest. I didn’t order any food. I couldn’t even think of eating. I sat at a small table with a few friends and listened to the end of their conversation.
Then he arrived. 
I got really nervous. I had to bury my natural desire to catch his eye, wave, or yelp in excitement. I didn’t know what to do, so I put a piece of gum in my mouth and acted indifferent.
After saying his hellos, he sauntered over to my table and stood talking with a few people. At the same time, the girls at my table got up to leave. I looked around. It seemed like everyone from our group was on their way out the door. 
I got up too. I stood there casually for a moment, and just as the last person turned around to leave, Paul drew close to me and placed his hand firmly on my lower back. 
“Hi,” he whispered.
“Hi.”
The impression of his touch was instantly etched into my body’s memory.
We left the restaurant together. In the parking lot we waved to a few people who were driving away. Paul said he had to go too.
No! I thought.
“Where are you going?” I asked.
“I have to get home and finish packing. I leave for Portugal in four days.” 
“Are you going to get something to eat here? I’ll stay with you.”
“No, no, my mom will have lunch ready for me when I get home.” 
I pouted.
“I’m going to miss you,” I said.
“You will? You mean that?”
“Of course.”
“Well,” he glanced back to his car, “I better get home.”
My body cried out for him to touch me again. 
But instead of taking a step toward him, I took a step away, hoping he would follow me to my car. 
He didn’t.
“Bye, Paul.”
“Bye, Miriam.”
I turned and walked a few more steps, and then I turned to him again. 
“Will I see you before you go?”
“I don’t know.”
“Will you call me?”
“Sure.”
We both got into our cars and drove away.
Over the next few days we hardly talked—just a few short conversations over the phone, and that was it. He was gone. 
My nose stings and pulses, no release
For you
Here? In class?
Thoughts bounding
Reaching for
You
And you bury so deeply
And so quickly
My heart. Beating, beating, beating
You bury it
But you must
Hear
It screaming!



Chapter Nine
Poems, Letters, and Prom
Mexico, another earth
A land where love can thrive
Where eyes are soft
And words are tender
In the dirt we are real
Honest with ourselves
Yet somehow here we flee
Frightened by the past
Scared to be free
Timid with the truth
And feel lost, isolated
Should I wait alone?
Will you soon come to me?
Do you see that I feel
So much—that I know
The closeness you feel—
The precious gift you have
I hold as well
As you have shown me
Believe in me
Trust as you trust in Him
Because clearly
He is here
So close we can touch
The sweet truth.
While I missed him like crazy, I had a deep confidence in him, enough to last the next three months. I wrote poems and letters for him every day, but they were so mushy and gushy that I couldn’t possibly send them. I sprayed perfume in the air and waved the letters in the mist. In the quiet of my room I gently kissed the paper where his name was written and prayed for him. 
I wanted to call him, but I resisted. Just like I held back my physical affection for him in the name of purity, I held back my written and verbal affection out of dignity, and I hid my emotions so I wouldn’t damage his reputation at our church.
The turmoil inside me would seep out in my conversations with the people closest to me: Bianca, my mom, and my sisters. But they had no more than small clues about the pain I was going through.
I abandoned all my acquaintances at school and focused on finishing my senior year so I could start the next phase of my life. I spent my lunch hours in the library working on projects and homework. I remained involved at church and became very close with Kelly, my small group leader at church.
The month of May brought my 18th birthday and senior prom. I was officially an adult, which was particularly monumental in my perspective. My birthday included a fun celebration with my church friends. We went to Granada’s, and I wore a large black sombrero during dinner. Later that night, Bianca and I gave each other pedicures and massages at her house. 
I secretly hoped that Paul would call to wish me a happy 18th birthday. But he hadn’t called me since he left, and he didn’t call that night or the next day either. 
Prom was a blast. I asked Nico to be my date, and I paid for our tickets with the fundraising money I had earned by selling See’s chocolate bars all year long. Bianca went with our friend Kai, and our other church friends—David, Kacy, Craig, Mariah, Jer, and Danielle—went with us. Bianca and I had found affordable dresses at Windsor. Hers was bright orange with lots of ruffles. Mine was silver, completely covered in sequins.
Our prom was in Santa Barbara. Why did it have to be in Santa Barbara? I stared out the window during our drive along the coast, thinking about how beautiful the ocean was at night. It was my favorite piece of road, where the land curves in and out, submitting to the powerful ocean.
I had a great time dancing with Nico and being crazy. We took pictures with our dates and with the larger group, and I thought of Paul as I leaned on Nico’s chest. I remembered dearly what Paul had instructed me to do: Go out, have fun, and live my life to the fullest.  
A few days after prom, I decided to send a letter to Paul. Maybe he would send one back to me. But so much had happened, I didn’t know what to tell him. What if he didn’t care about what was going on in my life? I didn’t even know if he still felt the same way about me. What if he had a new girlfriend?
I couldn’t send him the stacks of letters that I had hiding my desk drawer. I couldn’t send him the poems sprayed with perfume.
I wrote him a letter, but it contained only one word: “Hi.”
I debated whether or not I should send it. I put it in the mailbox. Then I took it out again.
Then I mailed it.
“That is cruel!” Mom scolded when I told her what I did. “He is in another country and he gets a letter from America from you, and all it says is ‘Hi?’ How immature!”
I wanted to kick myself in the face. I couldn’t undo it. I prayed that he would understand the layers and layers of meaning underneath that one word—and the explosion of adoration resulting in nothing but a meager hello. I prayed that he would know that with that letter came love, respect, anticipation, devotion, and extreme attraction. He knew me. He would know what I meant. 
Why do I fear?
I await the cold
I expect the hail
My jacket is on
My gloves, my hat
Why do I fear?
I know you
And what to expect in
Your movements, your eyes.
Why do I fear?
Europe is cold
California is warm
But Mexico is so hot!
Be Mexico again,
Burn with desire
Melt the icy walls
Drip away the world’s expectations
And sink into a sandy beach
With waves at your feet
And wind at your mercy
Remove your heavy garments and
Drink the sun
The truth—the sun!
My heart told me that I was as special to him as he was to me, and that nothing could tear apart what God was doing between us. But my older sister, Gretchen, who was married and had a baby, thought otherwise.
“He hasn’t called you in a month and a half? He’s over you. Sorry Miriam.”
“But he’s traveling through Europe playing soccer. He is busy doing ministry. He can’t think about girls right now. He has other things going on.”
“Oh yes, I am sure he has other things going on,” she said. “Just don’t get your hopes up. When he gets home, he might have another woman on his arm.”
She had to be dead wrong. There was no way that God would do that to me. No way. Not my God.
“What Paul and I have is special. It’s different. It’s from God. It’s like his spirit and my spirit know each other.”
“First, men have more that just a spiritual attraction to women. Second, this is real life. God doesn’t give us fairytale love stories with perfect endings.”
I walked away without a retort. I hated what she said. She obviously didn’t know Paul, and she obviously didn’t understand our love. 
June arrived, and I still hadn’t heard from Paul. However, I knew that he would be home in less than a month. And when he returned, I would be completely legal. We could announce our love to anyone and everyone.



Chapter Ten
Graduation
It was time to say goodbye to high school, goodbye to everyone and everything that went with it. Bianca went with me to Grad Night at Disneyland. We went on all the little kids’ rides together. Then we danced in the club scenes and munched on cotton candy at 4 o’clock in the morning. I was exhausted when I got home, and I slept all day.
Saturday was the graduation ceremony. I invited all the most important people in my life: my family, youth leaders at church, Bianca, Nico, and Ansley. 
After the ceremony, I took pictures with my family and friends and Bob. The only person missing was Kelly.
“Where’s Kelly?” I asked Bob. 
“Kelly went to the Burbank graduation with Paul. It was at the exact same time, so I came here and they went there,” he said.
“Kelly and Paul?” I asked. I was stunned for a moment. “When did Paul get back?”
“Yesterday.”
Wow. I was thrilled beyond belief and completely bummed at the same time. My graduation. He could have come to my graduation.
I thought he might call me that night to let me know that he was home, but he didn’t. And I couldn’t bring myself to call him. I was too embarrassed about the cheesy letter that I mailed, and I was traumatized by the fact that it may have hurt his feelings, like my mom had said. Maybe that was why he wasn’t calling me. Maybe that was why he didn’t come to my graduation. 
The next day was Sunday, and because the graduating seniors were leading the youth service that morning, I arrived at church early. As a part of the student leadership team, I was scheduled to sing during worship and give my testimony in front of the group.  I was nervous and excited.
Everything went very well: the senior table game, announcements, and worship. Toward the end of the singing time, I prayed and quieted my heart so I would be ready to give my testimony. 
When I opened my eyes, I saw him come in through the back door: black Euro hair, a new perfectly shaped beard, and tight black clothes. And there he was, the man of my dreams, with his hands in his pockets. The man I had been waiting so long to see. He was home.
My instinct was to run off the stage and throw my arms around him, but, of course, that was ridiculous. I had to pretend I felt nothing. That was the normal thing a normal person would do, right? Stuff everything inside and act normal. So I just smiled and felt the words of the songs sink into my soul. I closed my eyes again and sang to my God, thanking him for helping me finish, helping me through every last difficult task to be done—done!—with high school. Then it was time for me to speak.
As the band left the stage, I walked up to the microphone and looked out at the crowd, still finding their seats and buzzing with chitchat.
Suddenly, I forgot what I had planned to say. I knew God had a different idea. 
Trust me. Share your heart. Share your story.
So this is what I said.
“As a senior, I can tell you this has been a year of digging my nails into everything I hold dear. I don’t want to let anything go. There are so many things that I do not want to slip away from me. I don’t want everything to change in the next few months. I will miss my friends, my family, and my teachers. But at the same time, God is teaching me that change can be good. The unknown can be good. And sometimes, even though it hurts, I have to let go of what I hold most dear to my heart.”
I looked at Paul, and he was standing in the back, frozen still, with his arms crossed.
“Last year, when I was a junior, I got in a huge fight with my best friend, Lana. I like to say we broke up, because that’s what it felt like. We got in one huge fight, and our friendship was completely over.”
Paul seemed to relax. Did he really think I would spill it in front of everyone? 
I continued, but I couldn’t look at him anymore. I had to pretend he wasn’t there.
“Does God let us have broken hearts? Yes, sometimes. Now I know something new about God. He will let my heart break in order to change me.”
This is the part of the story I didn’t share that day. Lana and I were best friends for two years. We did everything together: homework, sleepovers, concerts, beach trips, movies, and pre-professional ballet classes six days a week. Lana had her own car, and she drove me everywhere. Because she had emigrated from Slovakia when she was 10 years old, she was a year older than me but still in my grade. Lana was so down to earth. Once a person asked her what the hairstyles were like in Slovakia, and she said, “Like this.” And she spat in her fingers and smoothed her hair with her fingertips. 
Well, Lana started dating a guy named Ethan, and suddenly I had to share my best friend with another person. I didn’t like that very much. I had to take the back seat in the car; I had to give them time alone in her room; I had to put up with Ethan smoking cloves and marijuana and offering it to Lana as well. 
I decided that Ethan was a sleaze and a womanizer. But Lana didn’t see it. One night, when Lana had to stay home for a family event, all our friends went to a concert at House of Blues. Ethan started coming onto me in the back seat of the car, but I didn’t stop him. I wanted to see what he would do so I could report the bad news to Lana, and they would have to break up. He kissed my cheek and my neck; he put his hand on my thigh; he whispered drunk nothings in my ear. 
What a mistake. Lana did break up with Ethan, but she was so hurt and disappointed in me that she broke up with me as well. On a hot night in August, soon after things were over with Ethan, a big group of our friends were hanging out at a donut shop, celebrating our friend Sarah’s birthday. Lana was already dating another guy named Richie, and Richie had been drinking. While we were outside in the parking lot, he started swinging his wallet around, which was connected to his pants with a metal chain. He swung his chain right into my face, and I fell backward in surprise and disbelief. 
“Watch it, jerk!” I yelled at him.
“You watch it!” he yelled back at me. 
I was stunned. But I had gone to school with Richie since third grade, so I knew it was the alcohol affecting his good judgment. I was still checking my mouth to see if it was bleeding, when Richie started walking away—and Lana followed him.
“Lana!” I called. “What are you doing? Did you see what he just did to me?”
“Yes!” she replied, and she kept on walking.
“Are you going to follow him like a puppy dog? What kind of friend are you?”
“The world doesn’t revolve around you, Miriam!” Lana had a stutter, so she wasn’t good at arguing in English. 
Then our friend Sarah stepped in and started yelling and cussing in my face. “Shut your mouth, Miriam. Lana can do whatever she wants.”
“This is none of your business, Sarah. Stay out of it.”
“This is my business because Lana is my friend. And I don’t like seeing you treat her like this. So get out of here!”
“Shut up! You can’t talk to me like that!”
“I can say whatever I want; it’s my birthday. All of us hate you. None of us even like you.”
By this time I was crying, and I could hardly speak. I couldn’t defend myself. Suddenly, I realized that I was standing on one side, and all my friends were standing across from me, surrounding Sarah as if she was their queen.
“Lana, are you going to let her do this to me?” I cried. She didn’t answer. She was already getting into her car. 
I looked around for someone to care about what was happening. They just looked at their feet. 
I felt like a piece of crap on the bottom of Sarah’s shoe. After a few more awkward moments, my friends started filing into their cars and driving away. 
“Who’s going to take me home?” I called pitifully to my enemies. Sarah’s boyfriend, Steve, came over to me. “I’ll take you home, Miriam.”
Steve was a Christian, and he attended my church. I sat next to him in the front seat of his truck. It was a quick drive home. When he drove into my driveway, I felt a burst of gumption, and I spoke.
“Just watch out, Steve. Sarah will do the same thing to you. She’s a back-stabber!”
“That’s not true,” he said. 
“Just watch,” I said as I stepped out of the truck. I knew for a fact that she was cheating on him. “Thank you for being a true friend and driving me home.”
I ran into my house and bolted upstairs to my room. When I reached my bed, I collapsed in wailing sobs. I was crying so hard that I couldn’t see anything for what seemed like an hour. My sister Anna and my mom ran to my room and held me. “Are you OK? What happened, Miriam?” They just held me and let me cry in their arms. It was the hardest I had ever cried in my life. My heart was torn open, devoured, and cursed. I didn’t know if it would ever heal. I didn’t know if I could ever trust a friend again. 
Lana didn’t call me the next day, or the day after. She never called me again, and I never called her. Partly I refused to apologize because I insisted that she was in the wrong. But partly I never apologized because I knew God was tearing me away from a crowd that was not good for me. God had to tear me away because I was not taking good care of my soul. I had been choosing pleasure over truth, purity, decency, and good morals. It was a painful separation, but God let it happen for my own good. 
When school started that September, Lana and I ignored each other in the hallways and at ballet class. Our ballet teachers were completely confused. “Weren’t you two inseparable last year?”
In December, Steve pulled me aside in the hallway between class periods. 
“You were right,” he said.
“About what?”
“About Sarah. You were right about her. You warned me, and I didn’t believe you.”
“Aw, I’m sorry. I wish I wasn’t right.”
“It’s OK. I just—I feel bad about what she did to you. And I wanted to let you know that.”
“Thanks. But I’m OK now.”
“Good,” he said.
“Are you going to be OK?” I asked.
“I don’t know. I guess I have to be.”
“God knew you had to get away from her,” I said. 
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“When you meet someone who treats you right, you’ll understand why God tore her away.”
He sort of smiled. “I gotta get to Spanish class. Adiós.”
I gave the group the edited version of that story.
Then I concluded: “After God took away my best friend, I was so lonely. I was honestly so bored that I started reading my Bible again—every night before bed. God gave me friendship in my relationship with Jesus. And he gave me this youth group. In this group, I met my new best friend, Bianca. God brought Bianca into my life at the perfect time. God’s timing with friendships and relationships is perfect. It is not always what we would choose, but it’s perfect in the grand scheme of holy things. Finally, I learned senior year that to have good friends, I needed to be a good friend. And most important, when no one else was there for me—when my most trusted friend abandoned me—Jesus was there, ready to be the best friend I could ever have. I couldn’t have made it through high school without him.”
After I spoke, a senior guy gave his testimony, and we sang one last song. The service ended, and one girl after another came up to me and told me she had lost her best friend too.
After lots of hugs and goodbyes, it was time to clean up. I finished my duties with a fine sense of maturity and piety. Now that Senior Sunday was over, I had ascended into the college group at church. And I knew exactly what that meant. So where was my prince?
At the back of the room, Paul Greer was talking to a few seniors. At a calculated pause in the conversation, I approached him confidently, and he looked at me with inviting eyes.
“Miriam, hello,” he said.
“It’s so good to see you, I can’t even tell you! Can you talk for a minute?” 
“Yeah, sure.”
We sat down together on a small stage in the back of the room. Mostly everyone had headed to Coral Café. Just a few people were still stacking chairs. 
Finally, together. And I didn’t know what to say.
“So, you’re home.”
“Yeah, I came home a little early. I was ready to be done.”
“So you are not going back to the soccer ministry?”
“I’m home for good. I’m gonna soak in as much California sun as I can.”
“I wanted to call and write to you while you were away. I missed you,” I said. I sensed that I was starting to sound obsessed, so I backed off again. 
“Yeah, I thought you forgot about me,” he laughed. It was so good to see his smile. Being with him felt like home. 
“So do you want to hang out later?” I asked. 
“Miriam, I don’t know if I can.”
“What do you mean?” I got a little worried but not too worried.
“Here, I want to give you this.” He held out his hand. He was holding my bracelet from Mexico. 
Hesitantly, I took the bracelet from him. It felt light and flimsy in my hands. My whole body began to tremble. 
“Oh, no, it’s OK, I gave it to you,” I insisted. I tried to hand it back to him, but he wouldn’t take it. 
“You need to keep it,” he said. 
“Is something wrong?”
“Miriam, I wanted to tell you this a long time ago, but I was so far away. I’ve been doing a lot of thinking. After I spoke to your mom on the phone, I decided to take things easy for a while, you know, and just put everything in the Lord’s hands.”
I couldn’t get the words out fast enough, or in the right order: “My mom? Everything’s OK now. I’m sorry; I apologize for whatever she said. She can be really intense. She’s a little crazy.”
“Girls turn into their moms,” he said quietly and robotically, looking away.
“Is that it then? I have no chance to be different, to be me?” I was becoming intense. “I’m not like her,” I promised.
“I just can’t take that risk.”
“Oh…oh. Well it’s in the Lord’s hands, right? I’m OK with that,” I said. My throat was clenched so tightly, I didn’t even sound like myself.
“Yeah. We’ll leave it in His hands,” he said.



Chapter Eleven
Crushed
On my drive home, all kinds of thoughts and emotions came bursting out. At one moment I was so filled with love and adoration for this man, that I turned everything he said into something positive. How awesome, I convinced myself, that he wants to take things easy and wait on the Lord. That’s wise, I thought, and wisdom is very attractive. 
In the next moment, I was devastated, defeated. My expectations were deflated, and my hopes were rejected. What now? How can I save this?
But more than anything, I was filled with rage against my mom. 
I drove to the parking lot of my favorite getaway spot, Peyton Park.  It was the park where my dad would take Anna and me when we were little, where I learned how to ride a bike and a skateboard and jump off a swing.  In elementary school, my friend Kelsey and I would climb through the bushes and look for little toads and other creatures to capture and take home with us. In middle school, my friends and I would ride down the grassy hills on ice blocks, and skim down the slides on wax paper. In high school, the park was best for nighttime adventures, like running around in my underwear with my friends. Then it became the romantic site of late-night kisses with boyfriends.
But on this momentous Sabbath day, as an official graduate, officially rejected by my true love, the park was my sanctuary. I pulled up in my parents’ old station wagon and rested my head on the leather steering wheel. I prayed and cried thick, helpless tears. I thought about all that had happened in Mexico, The Grove, Santa Barbara, and all God had taught me through this experience. It couldn’t be for nothing!
“God!” I pleaded, “What do you have for me? What is all this for?” I struggled and argued aloud with my own spirit and with God, tears dripping from my chin onto my lap.
My only answer was the word that God had given me in Mexico: no.
It didn’t make sense. That word could mean so many different things. 
I was crushed and sick inside. I had never felt this kind of illness before—a spiritual sickness. My spirit was being wrung out, and I could hardly take it. This was gut-wrenching pain, a constant, insatiable desire for something I could not have. Something that I held so tenderly in my hands was slipping away. The more I reached for it, the faster it slipped through my fingers. 
Would God let this happen to me? Would he lead me to a dead end? I had to keep believing that Paul was a part of God’s perfect plan for my life and my future. I held on to every sentence he said to me that encouraged me to think we were destined for each other. I held on to each touch. I held on for dear life.
I called Bianca and told her everything that happened, every word of the conversation at church.
“I’m so sorry, Miriam,” she sympathized. “Come over; let’s have a girl’s night.”
We went to the grocery store and bought chocolate chocolate-chip ice cream, chocolate syrup, and brownies. At the checkout counter, the hot bagger said, “You girls got enough chocolate?”
“Nope,” we giggled and whispered to ourselves on our way out the door. “Come on over, please!”
At Bianca’s house, she and I watched our favorite chick flick and cried together. We laughed and laughed, deliriously, about buying all that chocolate, and how the hot guy at the grocery store probably thought we were insane. Then we painted each other’s toenails, and prayed for each other before we fell asleep. Whenever I was with Bianca, I felt like everything would be OK.  
That Wednesday our youth group went to Six Flags for our midweek outing. When we got to the theme park, I clung to Bianca, avoiding eye contact with Paul as much as possible. Then Bianca and I separated from the rest of the group and headed for the biggest roller coasters first. After riding Viper a few times, I finally started to relax. 
Later on in the evening, while in line for Batman, we ran into Paul, Jeff, and Bob, who were in line ahead of us. We had to keep passing them every five minutes as the crowded lines wound slowly back and forth. Every time we passed, we did the usual high-fives, pretending to see each other for the first time again and again: “Hey, we know you!” When that got old, we just passed nonchalantly, distracted by our own conversations. During one opportune passing, when no one was looking, Paul placed his hand heavily on my hand and left it there for a moment, then gently dragged his fingers away as he followed the person ahead of him. 
The line was moving slowly, and I had to wait until he was just far enough away before I could say anything to Bianca. I had to time it just right, before we wound back around to face them. “Paul just put his hand on mine! What’s he trying to do, torture me?” 
“Just don’t think about it, Miriam,” she whispered back. “Just ignore him.” 
Oh, I didn’t want to ignore him. I wanted to jump over the ropes, leap into his arms, and fly to Vegas. I knew it was stupid, and I pushed the thoughts away. 
The next time he passed, I waited for him to do it again. But, of course, he didn’t. And we didn’t talk to each other for the rest of the night.



Chapter Twelve
Wyatt
The next church outing was my first trip with the college group, and it was a waterskiing trip to Lake Nacimiento. Bianca couldn’t go, but a few other friends from the youth group went, as well as Kelly. Two of the guys were new to our church.
“Who are those new guys?” I whispered to Kelly before we left.
“Wyatt and Ben,” she said, pointing out who was who. “Wyatt’s family is close with the Greer family,” she said.
“Oh, really! He’s cute. Look at those green eyes!”
Kelly laughed. “He’s single. And he’s your age.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I blurted.
“Nothing,” she said. “He’s just in your grade.”
As we were packing our luggage into the vans, Wyatt introduced himself to me. I liked him right away.
“You need help with that suitcase?” he asked.
“No,” I answered. “I have two arms—and I better use them while I have them.”
“You’re right. I thank God too—I almost lost my arm in seventh grade.”
“How?”
“Motorcycle accident,” he said.
He gave me a shining smile that showed me we were on the same wavelength. 
Wyatt and I hit it off right away, and we had a great conversation on the way up the mountain. He was training to be a fireman and taking EMT classes. 
“Once during training, we got a call about a suicide attempt,” he said. “A man had shot himself in the mouth. When we arrived, the guy was on the ground, blood all over the place. They told me, ‘Hold his head!’ So I had to hold the guy’s head straight while they tried to resuscitate him. All of a sudden—boom!—the guy’s head exploded!”
“What?!” Kelly and I screamed. “Eeew!”
“Seriously. The air pressure and the placement of the bullet caused the guy’s head to explode in my hands.”
I couldn’t tell if he was lying or not, but it was a good story.
This guy almost had me forgetting about Paul—well, not quite, but almost. 
Up at the lake, Kelly let me try out her Jet Ski, then I took a boat ride and watched Wyatt wakeboard like a pro. He jumped the wake, flipped in the air, and landed, over and over again. We cheered, and he did some other goofball tricks with the rope. Finally, he let go of the rope and went skidding to a stop, so someone else could have a turn.
“Wow, you’re really good!” I said as he climbed in the boat. His blonde hair looked a lot darker when it was wet.
“My family has a boat, so I get a lot of practice,” he said as he peeled off his wetsuit, revealing his tan, muscular chest. “When my family goes out on the water, I wakeboard from morning until night.” His eyes sparkled green.
Later that evening we set up our tents near the lake and made some dinner. Wyatt brought his beach chair over to mine, and we asked his friend Ben to take some pictures of us.
It was sort of like having the coolest brother in the world. This guy was making me laugh, encouraging me to do 360s on the Jet Ski, taking pictures of me with my mouth full of food, and intermittently diving into thoughtful and inspiring conversations about humanity. 
“So what do you like to do, Miriam?” he asked after dinner.
“Well, I love to dance. I’ve taken ballet classes most of my life.”
“Show me. Show me some pirouettes,” he requested, leaning back in his chair.
“I can’t. I kind of tripped down the stairs a few days ago, and I haven’t been able to dance. I’m actually really bummed about it.” It was true. I had been slightly limping for about five days.
“Well, maybe some other time,” he smiled. “When it heals.” 
“Definitely,” I said. 
Later on the guys built a campfire. We roasted marshmallows and ate s’mores.
As the breeze grew colder, people started settling down in their tents. 
Wyatt and I were sitting next to each other, leaning back in our beach chairs. We stared up at the beautiful sky, which was filled with bright stars and planets. 
“It’s so gorgeous,” I said.
“You’re gorgeous,” he replied. 
“Really? Thanks,” I said, trying to take the compliment well. Something about his forthrightness made me want to be honest with him. 
“You know, when I was growing up, I never thought I was pretty. I had really crooked teeth and huge red-rimmed glasses with bifocals,” I confessed with a giggle. “Boys never liked me. I was such a nerd.”
“No way,” he said.
“Yes, I really was a geek. And I think I still am. The only difference is that I have straight teeth and contact lenses now. Suddenly guys notice me. I think that’s lame.” 
“Yes, that is lame. If I knew you when you had glasses and crooked teeth, I would have had a crush on you. I’ve always been a geek too.”
“Aw, gee thanks, Wyatt.” 
The counselors called for everyone to get in bed. We said goodnight and headed to our tents. To my delight, the trip was turning out to be a lot more exciting than I thought it would be.
Kelly and I stayed up late talking in our tent.
“You and Wyatt seem to get along really well,” she said.
“He’s nice. He seems different from other guys too. He’s so—alive. I like that. What about you?” I asked. “Any guys in your life?”
“Oh, you know me.”
“No, really. Who do you like, Kelly? Do you have your eye on anyone?”
“Well, I do like someone. But I don’t think I’m his type.”
“What, he doesn’t go for the awesome, gorgeous, athletic, Christian girl type?”
“Let’s just say he doesn’t go for women my age.”
“What, he likes younger women? Stay away.”
“Yeah,” she laughed.
After another exhilarating day on the lake, our group had a time for prayer and discussion, and then we started settling down for the evening.
Wyatt tapped me on the shoulder. 
“You want to go on a hike?”
“Are we allowed to?” I asked.
“Sure,” he said.
“What about my ankle? I can’t walk very far.”
“If you get tired I’ll carry you.”
“Ha! I’m pretty heavy!”
“Ballerinas aren’t heavy.”
None of the leaders seemed to mind when we told them we were going walking, so we headed up one of the hiking trails near our campsite. While I was a little hesitant to be alone with him in the dark, I didn’t get any weird vibes; I trusted his spirit and his intentions.
After we walked a little ways, he stopped. “I brought a blanket so we could watch the stars,” he said, and he pulled a blanket out of his backpack. 
“How sweet!” I said, excited and nervous. He cleared away some rocks and spread the blanket on the dirt path. We sat and talked for a little while. 
“Lie down,” he said. “We can see the stars better that way.” 
“Are you kidding? I’m not going to lie down next to you.” 
“Why not? I don’t bite.”
“I’m not going to kiss you,” I said.
“Whoa, I respect that,” he said. “I’m not gonna kiss you either. I just think we’ll have a better view if we lie down.” 
“Oh. Sorry. OK.”
I decided to go with my instinct that this guy was harmless and brotherly. So I joined him on the blanket, and we chatted for a while longer.
“Do guys usually try to kiss you just two days after you meet?” he asked.
“You’d be surprised.”
“Yeah, I guess I know what you mean. You have to stay away from guys like that.”
“I know. I wish there were more guys like you—nice Christian guys who are normal.”
“I’m not normal,” he said. “I’m extraordinary.”
“Of course!”
The sky was beautiful, the wind was pleasant, and the whole picture was too romantic. 
“It’s getting cold out here. We should go back,” I said.
“Do you want me to keep you warm?” he asked, smiling.
“No thanks, I’m OK. Let’s head back before Kelly gets worried about us.”
As we walked back to the camp, I asked myself if I was giving Wyatt the wrong idea. I knew in my heart that I was still devoted to Paul. And this guy was a friend of his. But Wyatt’s charm, good looks, and pleasant company naturally drew me to him. 
To my surprise, Wyatt asked me to go on a walk again the next night. This time we chose a different path, and he hopped—I hobbled—over logs and wound through trees. I asked him to tell me more stories about his fire cadet training. “Alright, but let’s find somewhere to sit down.”
“Why?” 
“I was thinking about you today, and I decided that I want to do something for you. I want to massage your ankle for you.”
“My sore ankle?” 
“Just let me try.”
“No, no, my feet are dirty!” I blurted, trying to ward him off of the idea. “And I have calluses from dancing.”
“Do I look like I care about that? I’ve had someone’s brains on my hands.”
He looked sincere. And I could tell that he was determined to try this out. 
“Oh, my gosh—OK.”
We found a log that was stable enough for us to sit down together. There was a brief awkward moment where we figured out how we would sit. Then I lifted my leg, rested it on the log, and placed my foot in his lap. He looked at it for a moment, like he had to appreciate what it was before he could touch it. The ankle was pretty swollen. He began touching it in different places, asking me, “Does this hurt? Does it hurt here?” Then, strategically, he started working on my ankle. At first it was painful. Then it felt wonderful. 
For about an hour we sat telling stories and laughing. “See, the swelling is going down,” he said. It was true.
“You have healing hands,” I said. 
After the ski trip, Wyatt called me and took me out on a few dates. I went to his home, met his family, went to the beach, and watched him surf. He took me out to his favorite Mexican restaurant in Hollywood.
One night when he dropped me off at my house, he stood by my front door, holding my hand. Then he moved closer to my face.
“Is it alright if I kiss you?” he asked.
I giggled. “You know how I feel about that.”
“It’s just a friend kiss, like one I would give my sister.”
“Eew.”
“Please? I’ve wanted to kiss you for so long.”
“On the cheek,” I said, smiling.
He squeezed my hand and gave me a tender kiss on the cheek. 
Soon we were kissing every time we were alone together. It happened just like it did with every other guy I had dated. Too much kissing. I knew it wasn’t right, and I was plagued by guilt. So I tried something different. I stopped letting him kiss me. My decision was not easy for Wyatt. I didn’t explain my reasoning to him very well. How could I? It wasn’t even about my promise ring anymore. The truth was that I couldn’t give him my heart.
Soon afterward he brought me to a party at his friend’s house, and Wyatt had a few drinks, even though he was underage. He didn’t think it was a big deal. Then I met one of his ex-girlfriends, which was awkward, and learned that they had been intimate when they were dating.
After that night, I began to inch away from him. I stopped returning his phone calls. I told myself I had enough information to know that even though he was wonderful, Wyatt was not the guy for me.



Chapter Thirteen
Houseboats
One of the last excursions of the summer, before it was time to move away to college, was the annual houseboat trip to Lake Mojave. Two weeks before the trip, Kelly pulled me aside after church and said she’d chosen me to be a student on her boat.
“Great!” I said. “Who else is on our boat?” Then I clarified, “Who’s the guy leader?” 
“Paul is my co-leader.”
I was so excited, I started jumping up and down.
I would live, cook, sleep, swim, sing, and pray with Kelly and Paul for six days. It was too good to be true. It was perfect. I knew that God had a hand in this arrangement.  
I plucked my eyebrows a few nights before the houseboat trip, and when my mom saw me the next morning, she said, “What did you do? You plucked too much. You look evil.”
Now, I knew deep down that I did not look evil. I had plucked them the same way the models in the magazines had plucked theirs. It was the style to have high-arching, skinny eyebrows. But my mom’s words had such power over me, and no matter how I played with the comment in my mind, I could not shake the insult. I felt defeated. Here I was, a few days before the trip where I would live with Paul for a week, and I looked evil. I had ruined my face, and I could not change it back.
Fine, I thought, as I stared at my sad face in the mirror. I’ll just kill myself.
I had never been serious about that thought before. But for the first time I actually thought I would do it.
After everyone was asleep, I crept downstairs and chose a sharp knife from the kitchen drawer, wrapped it in a dishtowel, and brought it upstairs to my bedroom. I unwrapped the knife when I was safely behind my bedroom door. It looked so small and measly for such a ponderous job. I positioned myself on my bed and toyed with the idea, pretending to run the thing across my wrist. That was how they did it in the movies, right? In the bathtub?
The image in my mind was of a woman in a horror film lying naked in a bathtub, her wrists spraying blood all over the walls of the shower. It made me sick inside. Was that really what would happen? It was such an empty, twisted place to be. 
Jesus must have intervened. Suddenly, I came to my senses. Because of my eyebrows? Just to teach my mom to watch her mouth?
I stepped outside of myself and looked at what I was doing. It was no longer appealing. In fact, it was absurd. I wrapped the knife in the towel again and brought it back downstairs. No one would ever know what I almost did.
The day of the trip finally arrived. We endured the eight-hour drive in our air-conditioned Greyhound, but the hot, dry air at the lake enveloped us the moment we stepped off the bus.
I had avoided Paul on the bus ride because I wanted him to think I was completely over him. I wanted him to fight to get me back, to struggle to spend time with me the way he had in Mexico. I had decided in my mind that this trip would be a great opportunity to let him know what he was missing: my friendship, laughter, smiles, prayers, and my bare skin.
At the dock, I watched Paul load supplies and luggage onto the houseboat. He shone like a diamond wherever he went. Every person he encountered became energized and joyful. And his tousled hair and sleek skin glistened in the sunlight.
We departed from the dock and headed to our beach destination across the lake. My 12 boat mates and I stood on the front deck, chatted, and ate gummy worms while Paul and Kelly drove the boat. Because it was 110 degrees outside, we stopped periodically and jumped in the lake. The water felt perfect, about 72 degrees, and we couldn’t help but laugh and scream from the joy of swimming. 
Back on deck, I dried off, wrapped my legs in my towel, and sat in my beach chair. I began to thank God for the beauty of the place:  the view of the coruscating lake and red mountains, the feeling of the wind on my arms and face, the sound of the lapping waves and high school chatter, the smell of our tri-tip dinner on the barbeque. And the physical presence of the sexiest man I had ever met.
I was thrilled. 
When we finally reached our cove, the leaders tethered the houseboats to the shore. After dinner we had some free time to swim and play cards before our evening meeting.
Paul was leading worship for the week, along with a group of students who had volunteered to sing. A girl from Burbank High, Carletta, was tagging along. As I watched the group walk together toward the edge of the rocky beach to set up, I noticed an exchange of body language between Carletta and Paul. 
“What’s this?” I asked myself, amused. It seemed as if Paul had yet another admirer—even younger than me. Wow.
For the rest of the night I paid extra close attention to her every glance, giggle, and touch while they set up the sound, practiced songs, and gathered the larger group to join them. I watched her strain to concentrate as she worshiped God, and then struggle to contain herself as Paul shared with our group about losing the love of his life, Caroline, and how God had given him a new hope and a new understanding of true love. She sat up straight and smiled as if she knew something no one else knew. Strangely, I felt what she felt. I knew what she was going through, and I had to laugh—not at her, but at myself for being just like her. I was just another young girl at his beck and call. 
Then, to my utter frustration, he closed the meeting by playing the song “Brown Eyed Girl.” 
I felt betrayed as he looked down at his guitar and sang. I wanted him to look at me and acknowledge, yes, this was our song—and yes, he meant it for me. 
He went through the lyrics with a smile, not one glance in my direction. Instead, he looked at Jeff and Carletta, smiled, and looked back at his guitar.
Tears filled my eyes. Was he serious? Did he have no misgivings about choosing that song?
Oh, God, take this away from me! I don’t want to be bitter! I don’t want to be lovesick! Jesus!
After the closing prayer, I walked back to my boat by myself, staring down at the beam from my flashlight. 
“Hey, Miriam,” I heard Kelly call from behind me. “Wait up.”
As we walked side by side, I began to loosen up. Her easygoingness always helped me remember to breathe. 
“You OK?” she asked.
“Yes!” I assured her. “I just have a lot on my mind.”
“Is it about Wyatt?”
“How did you know?”
“Ha! Well, let me know if you need to talk.” 
I stood outside the boat and watched Kelly get onboard. 
“Love you, Kell.”
“Love you, too!”
Kelly and I had truly bonded when she helped me get over my bout with anorexia after I broke up with Lana junior year. When Lana and I went to ballet class together, I was always slightly skinnier than she was, and she would point it out to me. “You are so tall; you are so skinny! I’m so jealous!” Really, she was the same size, just a few inches shorter with bigger boobs and shapelier hips.
I didn’t care much about being tall and skinny until we had our big fight. Then, I was determined to stay skinnier than her to try to make her really jealous. A few nights after our falling out, I told my mom I wasn’t hungry, skipped dinner, and went upstairs with only a carrot. As I walked up the stairs, I felt something tweak in my brain. I wasn’t the same anymore. I’d let something evil into my head—a demon. It was so foreign to me that I recognized its presence right away. I tried to ignore it. But now it was feeding me lies.
I ate my carrot and went to bed believing I was fat. How did I become fat in one night? I don’t know, but it didn’t matter, because I was disgustingly obese. The next morning I looked in the mirror, and I looked fat. Did I gain weight? I weighed myself, and the scale seemed to be broken. No, that can’t be right. Wasn’t I lighter last week?
Soon I was paying attention to everything I put in my mouth, counting calories, and skipping meals. When I would eat, it would be something like chocolate chips melted in a tortilla or a bag of grapes. 
Then the cellulite came. When did I get cellulite? I’d stare at my legs in my bedroom mirror. Why am I getting cottage cheese thighs? I never had that before. Or maybe I did, but I never noticed it. Why are my arms so big? Why is my stomach so flabby? What was normal to me before became horrifying. I had to get skinny. Any bit of fat was too much fat.
All these changes happened in my mind, but I knew they weren’t normal. I knew something wasn’t right. I knew deep down that it was wrong to obsess over my body.
After I met Bianca at one of Kelly’s Bible studies, we quickly became best friends, and I felt like I meant something to someone again. She was so encouraging and lovely. When we hung out, we laughed the whole time. Bianca’s friendship gave me a reason to get healthy. I knew it was time to ask for prayer.
At Bible study one night, when I decided to share my secret, I was so nervous I thought I would choke.
“I have a prayer request,” I said to the group of girls right before we prayed. “I’m prone to anorexia. I know I look too big to be anorexic, but I have these thoughts all the time. I am tempted to not eat.” I started crying. “And I just need you guys to pray for me.” 
Everyone was quiet, staring at me. No one in the group had shared anything so serious before. 
Kelly spoke. “First of all, you are not fat,” she said. “Second—we love you just the way you are.”
When Kelly and the other girls prayed for me, I cried—not so much because their words were profound, but because my heart was ready for God to begin the miracle of healing. Relief came with the confession. Saying my secret out loud, telling the other girls what was really going on, helped me distinguish between what was true and what was a lie. It straightened what had been bent in my head. I knew I needed more prayer, but I was on the right path once again. 
Kelly and I hung out a lot after that. She would pick me up from ballet class and take me to Bible study, then drive me home. She would pick me up from school during lunch and take me to get Mexican food. We’d eat bean burritos and share what was really going on in our lives. God gave me Kelly, my mentor, as one of the best and most important gifts from heaven. 
It saddened me that as much as I loved Kelly, I could never tell her what I was really going through with Paul. Besides, it was so stupid, how could I tell her? What would I say? Um, I’m in love with Paul and he used to like me, but now he is over me and I am crushed. I’m pretty sure that we are meant for each other, so I am counting on us getting married one day. That’s all I’m going through. No biggie, except that it consumes my daily thoughts and affects every choice I make. But it’s all in God’s hands, and God is a faithful and loving God, so there’s no way he would let me fall this hard for no reason, right?  It’s cool. So how are you?
I was left to deal with my obsession alone—on this trip at least. After brushing my teeth and washing my face, I slowly climbed to the top of the houseboat and crawled into my sleeping bag. I cried into my pillow with only Jesus to hold me.
Oh God! Free me! I do not want this! God, Jesus, my Love! Please free me from this thorn! Please have mercy on this pitiful soul! I need you so desperately. I need you. Jesus. Hear my cries and save me from this—I give it to you! I beg you to take it away! 
I wanted immediate help and healing. But whoever heard of such a thing? To become mature in a day, in a moment? Such change would be unnatural. No, I had to wait and go through this pain day after day until I was completely new.
I felt so alone.



Chapter Fourteen
I Made Her
I cannot compete
I will not compete
I will be me
as beautiful, as strong
as He will let me
as kind, as close
as he desires
as wise, as witty
as He has made me
I will be me
so me, for me
I do not compete for you
I do not perform
I do not prance or primp
but according to Him
and for me
I am beautiful
and for you
I am me
and you can know
me.
The next morning I woke up with the sunrise because it was too hot on top of the boat to stay in my sleeping bag. I quickly jotted down a poem in my prayer journal, and soon all the other girls rustled as well, and we laughed and chatted as we changed into our swimsuits inside our sleeping bags, dug for our shampoo, and jumped in the lake to wash our hair, feeling refreshed and excited about our first full day on the lake. The guys, who had slept inside the boat, woke when they heard the girls splashing and screaming in the chilly water.
At breakfast I successfully avoided eye contact with Paul. He was naturally calm and kind to everyone on the boat. After we ate, it was time for devotions with our leaders—the girls with Kelly and the guys with Paul. We chose to stay inside that day, while the guys went up top with their guitars and Bibles.
While searching for the verses in the daily devotion, I came across a poem that I had picked up at winter camp and tucked into my Bible a few years earlier. The poem reminded me of the mire I’d been trapped in after I’d lost Lana. God had lifted me out. He was always faithful.
“I Made Her” was the title. It was written as a letter from God. My favorite part of the poem went like this:
I made her in such a way that she would need Me. I made her a little more lonesome than she would like to be. Only because I want her to turn to Me in her loneliness … Only because I want her to learn to depend on Me … I know her heart. I know if I had not made her like this she would go her chosen way and forget Me … her Creator.
During our devotional, I shared the poem. A freshman named Marisa started crying when I read it. I asked her what was going on with her, and she said she was trying to decide whether or not to quit ballet when she started high school in the fall. 
“Don’t quit!” I said. “Oh, don’t do it; your body will go into shock.” 
I had quit the pre-professional program in the middle of my senior year, right after my first solo in The Nutcracker, and it was a terrible decision. I went through ballet withdrawals. My mind and body craved the routines and stretches and hard work. I tried taking a step aerobics class and yoga at the gym. It didn’t work. Every class was the same, and in ballet not one class is the same. I tried jogging and doing exercise videos. It was good, but it wasn’t challenging enough; it wasn’t what my body wanted. Nothing could replace ballet.
“It’s not good to quit,” I persisted gently. “I’ll talk to you more later.”
We smiled at each other knowingly, with an immediate sisterhood. After our group time, Marisa and I chatted about our love of dancing and the joy of performing on stage.
Later that day, after hours of swimming, tanning, and wakeboarding, I sat alone reading on the back deck of our boat. I caught a glimpse of Marisa’s back while she was climbing onto a raft in the water. I yelled, “Hey! Marisa, you have a ballerina back! Ballet is so good for your back; that’s another reason not to quit!”
“What do you mean, a ballerina back?”
“Come here,” I said. She swam over and climbed up the ladder of the houseboat, dripping. After she dried off I brought her inside the boat cabin, stood beside her, and held up her arms like she was under arrest. She turned her head, and through the mirror she could see her back muscles flexing.
“Wow, that is so cool!” she exclaimed. “I’ve never noticed that before!” 
“What the heck are you girls doing?”
I heard the voice, and I froze and melted simultaneously. 
“What does it look like we are doing, Paul?” I retorted as he sauntered through the hallway of the boat, smiling mischievously.
“Is this some type of freshman initiation?”
“No, but that is a great idea; I didn’t think of that. I was just showing Marisa her ballerina back.”
“What’s a ballerina back?” 
“Look, it’s all these muscles that ballerinas have.” I held up Marisa’s arms and showed Paul what I meant. “It helps that she is so slim. You can see every muscle in her back. It looks awesome.”
“Oh yeah, I see it.” 
“Cool. Well, bye guys,” Marisa called. 
Before we knew it, Marisa was out the door and back in the water. I hoped I hadn’t embarrassed her in front of our boat leader. But I figured she jumped back in because it was so hot outside. I quickly shut the door of the cabin behind her to keep the air conditioning inside. And to be alone with Paul. 
“I try to work out my back too,” he said half-jokingly, rotating to see his own back reflected in the mirror. Paul had been training and playing soccer for years. Unmistakably, he was in great shape.
“What about you, Miriam? Do you have a ballerina back?” he asked innocently. 
I got really nervous. “Well, I don’t know. I used to.”
“Let’s see,” he said. “Do the arm thing so I can see your back.” 
I paused for a moment. Did he really just say that? Oh my God, he’s still into me!
I had my swimsuit on, but it was under my T-shirt. I angled my chest toward the bunk beds so I could take off my shirt. He looked away. 
I was wearing a string bikini top, so soon my entire back was exposed. Luckily, I was confident that I had no back zits or armpit hair that day. I pivoted to face the mirror, and Paul stood behind me. He was a perfect 6 feet tall, and I was 5 foot 9. We looked great together. I fantasized that he would lift my arm and run his hand along the side of my body like Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing. But Paul did not touch me. 
I lifted my hands above my head with my palms facing forward, and slowly lowered my arms, flexing my back muscles as hard as I could. He watched my back with his mouth partly open. 
“Oh, I see,” he said. “That looks—awesome.”
He gulped. It was a moment where I naturally would have turned and pressed my body against his, wrapped my arms around his neck, and tackled him on the bottom bunk . . . if I had been born 10 years earlier or him 10 years later. Just then, we heard someone open the front door of the houseboat, and Paul disappeared without another word.
That night, when I tried to pray, I felt like a solid brick wall was between God and me. Where was God in all my confusion? He was not speaking to me anymore. 
Earlier in the summer I’d had a conversation with a man, a co-worker at the dermatologist’s office, who was attending seminary. In an attempt to explain one of the topics of his papers, he said, “God is not going to tell you where to go to college or whom you are going to marry. The canon is closed. God doesn’t speak to men and women anymore. All we have is the Bible.”
I couldn’t help but giggle on the inside because I knew he was wrong. God had already told me to go to Azusa Pacific University, and I was convinced that he had told me that I would marry Paul.
He gave me a copy of his thesis, titled The Canon Is Closed, and I took it home and read it in my bedroom. It was well written, and it made me consider his argument. What if it was true? I began to ask myself if I was sure that God was talking to me. If it was not God, then who or what was it that “spoke” to me in my heart? Was it my own thoughts? A demon? Or God?
I had brought my questions to Kelly at that time, and she listened carefully to my dilemma. “Ever since I talked to that guy and read his thesis, I can’t pray,” I told her. “Suddenly, I’m questioning all those times that I thought I heard God guiding me.” 
To my surprise, she’d felt the same way before. “Sometimes I feel like my prayers are hitting the ceiling, but I don’t stop praying just because of how I am feeling that day,” she had said. “Continue to do what you know is right. If you can’t pray, then try journaling, singing, or dancing. Just try to be real with him.” 
On top of the boat in my sleeping bag, I tried to listen for something from God: Stars. Wind. Moon. Lake. Everything around me was God’s. Everything that belonged to God was beautiful.



Chapter Fifteen
Good Enough
The next day was another lazy, hot day on the lake. After spending most of the morning in the water, my friends and I decided to play the card game Mafia in the front dining area of the boat. While we were playing, Jeff came by looking for Paul. 
“Nope, he’s not here,” we said.
He threw his hands in the air. “Who can keep track of that guy?”
Jeff decided to hang out and play cards with us. When we were finished, Jeff and I moved to the front deck of the boat and reminisced about Mexico and how much we missed the niños. 
“Once you make those connections, it’s so hard to leave,” I said. 
“Yeah.”
Jeff looked at me like he was trying to read my face.
“Miriam, you seemed to be having a hard time on that trip,” he said carefully. “Was everything OK? I mean—what was up?”
“I guess I was just emotional and overwhelmed,” I said, glossing over the real issue. “Senior year is a crazy time in life. Right now I feel like I am trying to hold on to things and make them permanent because before I know it everything will be different—college, friends, teachers …”
He looked at me like he knew there was something more. “Does that mean you are trying to hang onto—what? A boyfriend?” he asked, returning to his teasing tone. I looked at him for a moment, thinking, “Did Paul say something to you?” Suddenly, I was terrified and embarrassed. 
“What do you mean?” I asked, unable to control the expression on my face. 
“Uh-oh, Miriam. Who is it?” he asked. “No, no, no, let me guess.”
“No way!” I cried. “I am not telling you anything, you big bully.”
“Jared?” 
“No!”
“Kyle?” 
“No! Don’t even—Ah!” I put my hands over my ears.
“Do I have to go ask Kelly, or are you going to tell me who it is?”
“Oh, my gosh, Jeff, I am not seeing anyone.”
“Kelly!” he yelled so she could hear him from the back of the boat. “Who does Miriam like?”
There was a pause. “Wyatt!” we heard a voice call. Kelly saved me without even knowing it. I was happy with her answer because no one in our group knew who he was.
“Wyatt?” Jeff gaped, smiling like he had won. 
“You don’t know him. He went on the college ski trip.”
“I know him. Tall, blonde, crazy?”
“Crap!” I said under my breath. 
His timing was impeccable. Paul was walking up the steps, still wet from his ski run. 
“Hi guys,” he said. “What’s so funny?” 
In my heart I begged God, Please don’t let Jeff say anything!
“I guess there’s a little something going on between Miriam and Wyatt,” Jeff blurted.
“Really,” Paul said, stopping in his tracks. I was astonished by the look of shock on Paul’s face. He looked straight into my eyes.
“Is that true?”
I flashed back to our conversation at the park. “Do you think you can finish college in three years?” He had wanted me back then. But what would he think of me now? Was I even the same person anymore?
I didn’t have enough time to think about how this would affect my chances with him. I was trapped. I decided to tell them the truth about Wyatt.
“We were hanging out for a while,” I said. “But not anymore.” 
“Did you guys—you know… ” Paul finished his sentence by making a small kissing sound with his lips. 
The gesture disgusted me.
“Uh-oh,” Jeff continued. “Did you kiss him?
I couldn’t lie. I wished I had a different answer.
“Yes.” 
Jeff and Paul burst into joke after joke until I couldn’t take it anymore. 
“Stop! Stop it!” I cried, covering my ears. I ran through the boat and climbed the back ladder, trying to escape. I was furious. I felt harassed and disrespected by the people who were supposed to cherish and uplift me. On top of the boat, I dove onto my sleeping bag, which was so hot from sitting in the sun that I could hardly take it. I wrapped my pillow around my head and screamed as loud as I could. After moaning and complaining to myself for a few minutes, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I was sure it must be Kelly. I unburied my face and found myself alone with Paul on the top of the houseboat. 
He was squatting next to me, his elbows on his knees.
“Miriam? Are you OK?”
“Do I look OK? I am a wreck. I feel like I’m falling apart.”
“Jeff and I are sorry. We didn’t mean to upset you.”
“That’s not why I’m upset. You know why I’m upset.”
We were silent for minute, looking away from each other.
“Why did you come up here?” I asked expectantly.
“To apologize. And to tell you one thing.”
“What?” 
“You are too good for Wyatt. I know him really well, and you are too good for him.” 
“How can you even say that to me?” My lip was trembling. 
“It’s true.”
“Then who is good enough for me?” I begged.
He didn’t answer. 
“I’m sorry,” he said. He got up and walked away. 
I wanted to stay up there, alone, for the rest of the day, crying myself to sleep. But the sun was too hot and I couldn’t stand the heat for more than another few minutes. I was forced to pull myself together and go back inside the boat, pretending everything was fine. Luckily, Jeff and Paul were gone. 
When I was in middle school, I cried myself to sleep every night. I would lie in bed staring up at the ceiling, praying and complaining to God. Why had he made me ugly? I prayed for braces, contact lenses, a tan. I prayed that my mom would buy me clothes instead of giving me Gretchen’s hand-me-downs. I prayed for guys to like me. I cried because I thought that I could never possibly be beautiful. Once I even begged God to show me, just for a moment, what I would look like when I was older. Would I be beautiful? Elegant? Confident?
I was sure that I was the only girl in school who cried about stuff like that. I was convinced that everyone else had a perfect family, friendships, and self-esteem, while I was a pathetic loser. And even though I knew that there were people around the world who were worse off than I was, that didn’t prevent me from feeling the pain of selfish insecurity deep down in the core of my soul. So I would cry every night, which was the next best thing to having a gentle, selfless mother hold me and rock me to sleep. I believed that somehow the God of the universe was holding me, telling me that everything would be OK. In the morning, things never seemed nearly as bad as they did the night before. 
At the lake, things never seemed nearly as bad when I was swimming. I jumped in the water and swam over to the guys and girls who were doing what high school students should be doing: splashing, laughing, and flirting. The guys were trying to invade the girls’ raft, climbing on, dragging the girls off one by one, and then taking over the whole raft until it was a swarm of bright swim trunks. Next it was the girls’ turn, and, of course, they could not get the guys off—there were too many of them. So they had to pick on the smallest freshman guys and pull them off first. Soon, it was everyone against one big senior guy, and no one could take him but Bob. 
When everyone was too tired to fight for the raft, the game subsided. I found Ansley, and we talked and floated leisurely until it was time to go back to the boat for dinner. 
At the evening meeting, the boat leaders took turns sharing about difficult situations that had shaped their lives. One leader shared how God had helped her overcome insomnia, another about her recovery from a date rape. Bob shared what it was like growing up as the “fat kid.” Kelly talked about her father’s tragic death. Paul told about his childhood with a father who was a Mormon fundamentalist. 
It struck me that there was a lot more to these people than I even cared to ask, and I could see that there was a lot more to Paul than I imagined. Most of what I knew about him was limited to what he shared with the group over the years. But still, I felt like I knew everything about him. And he was beautiful. I didn’t care that he came from a polygamist lineage. I didn’t think less of him. I didn’t mind that he’d been in love with another woman, and he was still dealing with it. I trusted him.
That night after the meeting, my friend Dina ran over to me and asked me if I would pray with her. 
“Of course, Dina. What’s going on?” 
She started crying uncontrollably. I put my arm around her and walked with her up to a big rock on the beach, away from the rest of the group. First, I just held her and let her cry on my chest. She felt so tiny and frail. I stroked her long blonde hair and waited for her to be ready to speak. 
Finally, she started whispering through her sobs. 
“I …” 
“Yes?”
“Last summer I went to my friend’s house and some guys came over. They gave us some drinks, and I got really sleepy. One of the guys asked me to go for a ride with him to get some food.”
She was weeping and shaking, and it was difficult to hear her whispers. But I held her tightly and waited.
“I thought I liked him, but I didn’t know him that well.”
“What happened?”
“I am so ashamed!” she heaved. It was a while before she could go on. “He parked the car in an alley. I knew what was happening, but I was too tired and weak to stop him!” 
“Oh, God! Dina!”
“It hurt so bad!” she broke down and collapsed in my arms. 
“Did he rape you?” I whispered.
“Yes.” 
“Did you tell anyone? Does your brother know?”
“No! No one knows. You are the only person I’ve told. I can’t let anyone know.”
“You can tell your brother—you have to. You can tell your parents; you don’t have to feel ashamed.”
“No, you don’t understand. They will call me a whore.”
I was dumbfounded. “How could they?” 
“In my family,” she said, “If you get yourself in that situation, you are considered a whore.” 
I looked into her beautiful face. How could this happen to such a precious girl?
“You can tell Kelly,” I insisted. 
“Please, please understand. I can’t tell anyone. Promise me you won’t tell anyone.”
“OK, I promise.”
We prayed together. First I prayed for her, and then she prayed.
“That’s the first time I’ve ever prayed out loud,” she said. “I’m not even sure I believe in God. But I know I need someone, something more. I need healing. I want to feel whole again.” 
I gave her another hug. We were quiet for a while, enjoying the cool evening breeze. She collected herself and put on her happy face again before I walked her to her houseboat. 
“Let me know if you ever need to talk again,” I said. 
“Thank you so much.”
I put my hands in my pockets and started walking back to my houseboat, staring up at the stars. When I passed the stragglers that were still on the beach, I saw Paul squatting next to the dying bonfire, chatting with a few students. He stood up when I passed.
“You going back?”
“Yep.”
“I’ll walk with you. Goodnight guys.”
We walked side by side along the rocks while the lake tossed miniature waves at our feet. 
“Is Dina OK?” he asked. “I saw you talking.”
“She will be OK.”
“People are drawn to you,” he said. “You have a gift.”
My heart started pounding. 
“Do you really mean that?” I asked, begging for more. This was the Paul I remembered, walking by my side, encouraging me, seeing the good in me, enjoying my company. 
“I’ve always seen something special in you. You’re not like other girls.”
The conversation ended as soon as we walked up the steps of our boat, but his words echoed in my daydreams. 
Dina had been through something serious. She was holding on and working through it. She was stronger than me. I was a selfish, stupid girl.
That night I lay in my sleeping bag, looked up at the beautiful sky, and scolded myself for being so shallow about my dumb eyebrows. The all-or-nothing mentality did not work in real life, I could see. I could not make ultimatums with God. “Give me what I want, or I’ll just . . . slit my wrists?” How would I win in that situation? “God, if he doesn’t like me, then I’ll just . . . wither up and die of depression?” Nope, that wouldn’t help me get my man. “God, help me right now, or I . . . won’t believe in you?” Oh yeah, that really teaches God who’s in charge. 
Each attempt to manipulate God into giving me my way was utterly useless. I was ill inside my spirit. Even though I was still connected with God, still praying, still believing, I was far from him. I was too filthy with my own self-centeredness to feel his presence. I was praying selfish prayers when it came to my future. He would only let me see today. 
The last evening on the lake was special because it was the night when students have the opportunity to be baptized in the lake right before sunset. It was just one year since I had been baptized in the same spot. It felt like ages ago because since then I’d had a taste of how difficult and complicated life can be.
When the students filed onto the beach to watch the baptisms, Dina found me and grabbed my hand. 
“Miriam, I want to get baptized. Will you go with me?” she asked.
“Of course.” 
When it was her turn, Dina waded out to the leaders, and I followed. It was a beautiful moment. Dina knew she needed God in her life. 
After she was baptized, a symbol of being washed clean and born again in spirit, she glowed with a new radiance. Jesus, please give her a new life starting today!
Together, she and I sat on the beach, looking out at the lake and the sunset. Dina was wrapped in her beach towel, and I had my arm around her. 
“When I am here, I know there is a God,” she said. “And I feel like everything is going to be OK. But what about when I go home? What do I do in those moments when I wish I wasn’t alive?”
I tried to think of the right answer for her. But I didn’t know the right answer. So I just shrugged my shoulders, smoothed her towel over her back, and said, “What do you think you should do?”
She thought hard and then said, “I need to remember this day and how I feel, I guess. I need to hold on to that hope I feel today.”
“Dina, that is so true. It’s also true for me and everyone else here.”
Just before bedtime on the last night of the trip, each houseboat had affirmation time. Every member of the boat had a turn on the Affirmation Seat, and each person had to compliment, encourage, and affirm one another. Of course, I don’t remember what anyone said about me except for Paul. I had been anticipating the moment all week. It would be a public declaration of what Paul saw in me.
“Miriam: You are God’s. Those are my three words for you. You are his.” 
And that was it. It was short and sweet, but it was uttered for my whole boat to hear. 
“Thank you,” I said, wishing he had said more—something that would give me hope for a future with him.
The final day of the trip arrived. We didn’t want to leave, of course, and we were not looking forward to cleaning out the boat. In spite of the scorching heat at the dock, we brushed the last of the sand from the boat floor and schlepped our luggage back to the bus. 
On our way back to California, we stopped close to the Nevada border at a casino for the buffet lunch. Ansley and I ate quickly and then wandered around the game room. We found Paul and Jeff playing air hockey and we stayed and watched, making fun of them as much as we could. Soon it was the four of us again, wandering around, teasing each other, laughing, causing trouble, and eventually chasing each other through the casino.
It was just like old times—except it was me pursuing Paul, instead of him pursuing me, like he did in Mexico. I could feel it, and I didn’t like it. But I wanted to be near him, so I didn’t care. 
That was the last time I saw him before I moved away to college.



Chapter Sixteen
University
Bianca, Kai, and my parents helped me pack my stuff in the car and then unpack it again in front of my new dorm at Azusa Pacific University: Adams Hall. It was the first time I had ever moved. 
I made sure to carry my picture collage very carefully, and before anything else, I chose the spot where it would hang in my room. I had made a collage out of all my recent photos, including every picture I had of Paul. I even put his face right smack in the middle of the whole thing. Bianca rolled her eyes when she saw it. 
“You’ve got to be kidding!”
“Hey, look, you are in the middle too. Don’t be jealous!”
One of my two roommates, Becky, had already moved in. After introducing ourselves, she helped me carry my “life” into our little room. I learned that Becky was a quiet girl from Sacramento, a French horn player with perfect pitch, and she was very sweet and gentle. I liked her right away. We were both in the freshman honors program, and we would be in the same Bible class. We had arrived on campus a week early for choir camp. Our other roommate, Brooke, would move in the following week.
The time came for my loved ones to head back home. I waved and blew kisses to Bianca and Kai, who rode together in the back seat and waved through the back window until we couldn’t see each other anymore. Saying goodbye to my parents and friends was not so hard because I was excited and ready to be away from home. I had been looking forward to this day for two years, ever since my first trip to Mexico my junior year. Besides, Burbank was only 30 minutes away. 
I spent most of the day making my third of the dorm room as cozy as possible. My mom had bought me a new quilt for my bed, and Gretchen had taken me shopping for a few toss pillows. The dark blues and happy yellows were the most vibrant thing in the room, but they weren’t the green and white flower bedding I was used to. The empty bunk above me, empty desks, empty Brita filter—everything contributed to the loneliness of a new beginning. 
“Want to go for a walk?” I asked Becky. 
We went walking through the halls, looking for open doors so we could meet the girls on our wing. Our resident advisor’s room was next door. It was decorated with bright curtains, lamps, posters, and plants, and I could see that it was possible for it to feel like home. 
“Welcome!” she sang. “I’m your RA. Let me know if you need anything!”
Our hall had a garden theme, but the coolest thing she had done to decorate our hall was put a white board and marker on the door of every room. 
“Thanks for the white boards!” I said. “What are they for?”
“You can use them to let people know where you are, or tell your roommates they got a phone call—anything!”
We kept walking and noticed that each year the girls before us had painted a mural on the wall of the wing. Other girls were admiring the murals as well, and our RA joined us to give us a tour and show us her mural from when she was a freshman. They had each made an imprint of their hands in all different colors. It was so encouraging to see the sisterhood represented in the murals and the commitment to Christ represented in the theme Bible verses.
I probably met about half of the girls on my wing that night. Every person was so interesting and genuine. I felt so lucky to be living with a group of young Christian women. I was overjoyed to be away from the high school nonsense. 
At choir camp the next morning, Becky and I stood together on the top risers. We were both second altos—and lucky for me, she knew how to sight-read music. Singing with 100 other young women was an amazing experience from the start. The sound was angelic, even though the estrogen level was almost giving me nosebleeds. Our director was a serene, levelheaded man with a keen ability to tame the rabble before him. Surprisingly, we got a lot done in the first few hours of practice. 
During our morning break we met outside Munson Chapel for bagels, cream cheese, and coffee. The other choirs, including the huge choir and orchestra and men’s choir, joined us. 
As Becky and I sat on a bench and took bites of our bagels, I looked up and saw a beautiful guy. He was standing just across from me, grabbing a bagel and some juice.  
“Wow, Becky. Look at that hottie. Doesn’t he look kinda like Brad Pitt?”
“Sort of,” she said. 
“Look at his eyes,” I said. They were luscious blue. 
“Yeah, he has nice eyes.” She seemed a little embarrassed. I could tell that she wasn’t the boy-crazy type. 
I told myself that by the end of choir camp, I had to meet him. It didn’t take that long. At our second break, while I was standing with a few other girls, he and a friend walked over and introduced themselves.
“Hey, ladies,” his friend said. He sounded like a game show host. “I’m Bradley, and this is my friend Tyler.” He patted Tyler on the chest. Tyler waved with faux shyness. 
“Hi,” he said confidently.
“Hi, hi,” we all said. Then it was our turn to introduce ourselves. 
“Didn’t they do a freshman spotlight on you?” I asked Bradley, recognizing him from one of the summer bulletins. “Are you the actor?” 
“Yeah, that’s me,” he said sweetly. He was very handsome as well. Bradley told us about his theater experience in high school. He was so amiable that it made it easy for me to act totally interested in him, and in the meantime show Tyler my personality: friendly, appreciating the arts, theater, and people in general. 
Throughout the week I chatted with Tyler, Bradley, and the other choir members during our short breaks. On the last day of camp we had a half-day of practice and an evening at the beach. The wind was chilly, so I put on my sweatshirt and went running along the water with a few girls, and then settled in front of the bonfire when the sun went down. We roasted marshmallows and sang worship songs, watching the smoke drift straight up toward the heavens. It looked as if God had opened the clouds in a circle just above our group so he could peek down and hear our harmonies.
Tyler caught my eye and we smiled at each other from across the bonfire. 
When school started the next week, Becky and I walked to our first Bible class together and saw Tyler waiting outside the classroom door. 
“You are in this class?” I asked him. 
“Yeah, what are you doing here?” he asked, backing up, pretending to be intimidated by me.
“Look at the schedule,” I said, holding up my class list. “This is my class, Mr. T.” 
When the professor arrived, the students filed in the room and chose their seats with that first-day feeling. Our professor was also the director of the honors program; I knew my efforts in his class would be a critical first impression. With the help of my pedantic roommate, I was able to focus on the class and ignore the scenery—at least for the first two weeks. 
But before long, Tyler and I were hanging out in each other’s dorm rooms, telling each other about our childhoods, watching movies in the lounge, and eating ice cream late at night on the soccer field. Soon Tyler became my best friend away from home. 
Even though Tyler and I hung out every day and knew a lot about each other, I never told him about Paul. Occasionally, after a weekend at home, I would come back to campus acting distant and abnormal. Either I had seen Paul at church and he had ignored me, or I didn’t see him and I’d gotten equally discouraged. Tyler knew something was going on, but I couldn’t tell him that I still had feelings for a guy back home who happened to be my youth leader, way older than me, and way too good for me. But Tyler was so sweet and funny; soon I was back in his arms, laughing with him and Bradley in their dorm room, and enjoying the freedom of my new life.



Chapter Seventeen
Bad Haircut
By late October I was convinced that I should cut my hair, which had been long and straight with no bangs since middle school. A few of my new friends, particularly my choir friend Tiahna, had told me I should go for a fresh, new look now that I was in college. Tiahna had a really cute, short pixie cut, and it looked fabulous on her. She looked just like a supermodel.
I was ready to do it. I made my appointment with my mom’s hair stylist back home. I would go home on Thursday, get my haircut, and stay home for the Halloween weekend. 
I sat in the stylist’s vinyl chair, my legs sticking to the seat, and watched her slice through my locks. Uh…this is bad, I thought. I just knew it was going to be a total disaster. Another heap of beautiful hair fell to the floor. Oh, no. 
Somehow I ended up with a frizzy, shoulder-length shag—nothing like the picture I showed her. Half my hair was gone. When I came home from the salon, I was self-conscious. After my mom saw me, I knew I was doomed.
“You look like a shaggy dog!” she hollered. “That’s not what I told her to do!” 
“Mom! You told her what to do? That is so not cool!”
I ran upstairs and lay in bed crying for two hours. Then I took a shower and attempted to style my hair on my own. It was useless. I would do anything to have my long silky hair back on my head. 
The next day was Halloween, and even though I was embarrassed to go out in public, I drove to my old Christian high school to visit my teachers and pick up an economics project I needed. I purposely waited until students were meandering off campus at the end of the day in order to avoid critical eyes. 
First, I went to my AP economics class, gave my teacher a hug, and picked up my project. Next I headed to the science building to see my favorite teacher, Mrs. F.
I hated Mrs. F. when I first met her. She was way too strict, and if you talked in her class, she’d give you the evil eye. But as time went on, she disciplined me and forced me to do my best. She pushed and prodded my intellect for two years, and I grew to love her.
At the beginning of my senior year, I wrote a paragraph about how God protected me from anorexia—even though it had a hold on me for a while, God never let me go too far. Mrs. F. called me to her desk one day after class. Tears formed in her eyes as she starting whispering, looking at me as if the impossible had happened.
“My daughter—she’s 11—her coach just told me she is struggling with bulimia. I keep asking myself what I did wrong.” 
“I’m so sorry. I’m sure you did nothing wrong,” I said, not knowing if that was true or not. My own struggle was definitely a sort of cry for attention, for my own mom’s approval, and for a hug from my dad. I wanted someone to notice and care if I withered away.
“How did you get through it?” she asked me. She took a tissue from her desk and wiped under her eyes over and over again so I would never see a teardrop fall. As awkward as it was, I felt honored that she would open up to me. My heart softened toward her so much. She was actually a real person.
“Honestly, it was only because I had a Bible study group where I could talk about it,” I said. “I couldn’t talk about it with my mom, for some reason.”
She looked disappointed. “She doesn’t have a group like that. But maybe I will look for one.” 
I gave her a big hug.
“Everything is going to be OK,” I told her, because sometimes that’s the thing people say when they feel bad. “I will pray for her and for you,” I said, even though I would probably forget.
But I didn’t forget. For the rest of senior year, Mrs. F. was a role model and academic mentor for me. We had a new understanding of each other. She would ask me how I was doing, and I would stay after class to hear the updates on her daughter. And I did pray for her. It felt good to get my mind off of myself and pray for someone else. 
Of course, bad haircut or not, I had to visit Mrs. F. When I walked into her classroom, I hardly recognized her because she was dressed as a witch for Halloween. 
“Hello!” I called. 
It took her a second to recognize me as well. “Miriam!” she cheered. “It’s so good to see you!” She gave me a big hug.
“I’m so sorry,” she said, looking at the clock. “I have to run to a meeting.” We walked out the door together. 
At that exact moment, Paul Greer was walking down the hall, carrying a huge surfboard. Our eyes met, and we both stopped with a jump. 
“Miriam! What are you doing here?”
“What are you doing here? With a surfboard?”
“Oh, you two know each other?” Mrs. F. asked. 
“Yes, we go to the same church,” I said, choosing my words carefully.  
“Paul is doing a great job here as our new health teacher,” she said.
“Oh, I see. And let me guess, you are dressed as a surfer.” He was wearing a Hawaiian shirt and shorts.
“That’s right.” 
“I gotta run! Wonderful to see you, Miriam!” She gave me one last hug goodbye and flew down the hall on her broomstick.
I was left alone with the man of my dreams, and he was now a teacher at my private Christian high school.
“You didn’t tell me you were applying to teach here,” I said, trying to appear unaffected. 
“It was a last-minute idea,” he said.
“It’s crazy!” I said.
“You’re telling me! I’m the girls’ cross-country coach too. What a nightmare.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“It’s not going as I expected,” he said modestly. “Being in charge of a team of girls when you’re single is not a good idea.”
“They are in love with you,” I laughed. 
“Either that, or they hate me,” he said. “Sometimes it looks the same. Listen, where are you parked? Can I take you to your car?”
“I’m in the student lot.”
“OK, if you want to walk with me to the faculty lot, I’ll put this board in my truck and drive you to your car.”
It was eerie to walk on campus with Paul and his surfboard. We treaded to the teacher parking lot where he showed me his new black truck. 
“Hey, you got the car I said I wanted!” I exclaimed as he loaded his surfboard in the back. “And you even got the color I wanted.”
“You have good taste,” he said. I couldn’t help but wonder if he got the car to impress me.
I hopped in the passenger seat. The smell of leather seduced me. We drove to the student lot where my car was alone at the top of the hill. 
For a few moments we lingered with the engine running. 
“Can we talk for a little bit?” I asked. I did not want to leave him.
“Sure.” He turned the key and the truck settled into the blacktop. “I just have to be careful. It might look like I’m sitting here with one of my students.”
“There’s no one here. Besides, I’m not a student.”
It was quiet for a moment while I tried to collect my thoughts. 
“We haven’t talked for a while. How is everything?”
“Great. How is APU?”
“Wonderful. Amazing. It’s the perfect place for me to be.”
“You got the Cal Grant?”
“Yes! Such a miracle from God!”
“So no student loans?” 
“Nope. All grants and scholarships.”
“That is a miracle,” he agreed. 
“I’m taking a 300-level Shakespeare class this semester,” I bragged. “And public communication, New Testament Bible, physical science, choir, and voice lessons.” 
“That brings me back,” he said. “You are living the best days of your life right now.”
“Really?”
He nodded. “Do you have a boyfriend?”
“No.” It was a white lie. “What about you? Are you dating anyone?”
“I actually kind of am,” he said. “I met this girl online. She’s from around here. Can you believe that?”
“And?” I was trying to play the role of best friend so I could get info.
“She is really nice.” 
“What’s she like?”
“She is a ballet dancer like you.”
“Oh my gosh. Is she pretty?”
He laughed. “Yes, she is pretty.”
“Do you like her?”
“Do I like her? I’m not sure.”
I wasn’t too worried. To me, meeting someone online was totally dumb. It would never work out. I fiddled with the zipper on my purse. “Do you remember when we said we would put things in the Lord’s hands? You know, things between you and me?”
“Yeah.” 
“What have you been thinking about that?”
“Truthfully, I haven’t been thinking about it.” He must have seen me cringe. “You are off at school. You are beautiful and fun and everything, but …”
“But what?”
“But I just don’t know, Miriam. I don’t know what God wants for me. I have to wait on him.”
“What are you waiting for?”
“I’m waiting for God to show me if it’s you, or her, or someone else. I don’t have any other answer for you.”
Me or her? Her or me? Or someone else? How could he even say that? Why didn’t he know what he wanted?
“I better go,” he said, while I searched for something else to say so I could spend more time with him. But it was useless. He had to go.
When I got into my car, Paul waved and drove down the street. I looked in the rearview mirror and saw my hair. I’d forgotten about my hideous hair. Paul hadn’t said a word about it. He must have thought it was a zombie Halloween wig. It matched the mascara that had run underneath my eyes. I’m such a freak! I’m such an ugly loser!
Back at my house, I unleashed all my anxiety at my mom. 
“Mom, you are evil! Your stupid hair lady ruined my hair! It’s your fault I look like a shaggy dog!”
“Oh, Miriam …” 
“You love to ruin my life!”
“What’s wrong with you?”
“What’s wrong? My life is wrong. I have a crazy wacko for a mom. It’s your fault Paul doesn’t like me anymore! I hate you! I hate you!” I screamed, out of control. 
“Listen to you! And you think it’s me who’s crazy!”
I slammed the door of my room and bawled into my pillow.
Later that night my dad brought me a cup of hot tea.
“Your hair looks good,” he said.
I didn’t answer.
When I fell asleep, I dreamed that I was screaming as loudly as I could in my mom’s face—screaming so she would listen to me, so she would understand how I felt inside, so she would change. She just stood there staring back at me like a statue. 
I didn’t leave my room for the rest of the weekend.



Chapter Eighteen
Obsessed
Without any water
The flowers in the window box wilt
How did I even grow these flowers
If clouds conquer the sun day after day
and the soil is dry?
I have nothing to help the blossoms live
Yet they live
Struggling, they live
Perhaps, I consider, they came from God
I didn’t ask for these flowers, and here they are
And they wait without dying
He waters them
I dream
Out of my window is the blank, white sky
The air is thick
And the autumn breeze carries ashes from a nearby fire
When I got back to APU, I sported a perpetual ponytail. I didn’t call or see Tyler. I knew in my heart that I would eventually have to end things with him. That I reserved such a huge part of my heart for Paul proved that I didn’t have Tyler’s best interest in mind. Even though I loved him as a friend, I was using him like a drug to soothe my heartache. But instead of talking to him about it, I just let things go on as usual, distancing myself little by little.
I made it through first semester without anyone at APU knowing about my quiet obsession. On the outside, I looked totally fine. I made tons of friends—more than I ever had in high school—went to all the school events, joined a Bible study, went on a mission trip to Mexico over Thanksgiving break, sang with my choir every weekend, and earned straight A’s. I was genuinely enjoying myself, loving college life. But on the inside I was so broken, feeling far from a God who wouldn’t talk to me, having trouble distinguishing singing from worshipping, and stuffing my feelings down with cafeteria food by day and boxes of Captain Crunch at midnight—chomping handfuls of it until the roof of my mouth started bleeding. 
I was a ticking time bomb. 
Over Christmas break, Tyler and I talked only once. It was so good to hear his voice. 
“How is your marathon training going?” I asked over the phone. He had been running 10 miles a day, training for the 26.2-mile LA marathon.
“Great,” he said. “Sometimes I have to run on the treadmill because of the weather. But it’s OK. When I get back to California, I’ll catch up again.”
“How is your family?” I asked.
“Good. You know, the same as usual. How’s yours?”
“My mom is driving me crazy. She is insane.” 
Wait, I thought. I can’t let him know my mom is crazy! I can’t let anyone know. I have to hide it. Or I will scare Tyler away too. 
“I’m sure she’s not that bad,” he said.
“I know! Just getting used to being back at home, you know?”
Somehow Tyler always knew the right thing to say at the right time. Why couldn’t I be that way too? Why couldn’t I give my heart to Tyler? He was a dreamer like me. He was smart, good looking, hard working, hilarious. He loved Jesus. He was a great catch. 
It didn’t matter how perfect Tyler was. I was still in love with Paul. I had given Paul my heart.
When we said goodbye over the phone, it was almost like I knew it was our last goodbye. 
The night before New Year’s Eve there was a concert at my home church featuring Dennis Jernigan, an amazing songwriter with a crazy testimony. Bianca and I sat in the balcony and listened to this guy share about how he used to be gay. God took him in his hands and molded him into a new person. He sang song after song, many of which I already knew by heart, like “You Are My All in All,” and “I Stand Amazed,” which we sang in choir. I also recognized one of my favorite worship songs, “When the Night Is Falling.” 
This man’s transparency about his broken past and the sovereignty of God moved me to sing innocently again. I had a true worship experience for the first time in a long time. I closed my eyes and raised my hands in the air, as free as I had been in Mexico. I sang and cried, giving everything I possibly could from my heart to God. The concert was cathartic after a very challenging seven months of feeling like God was pushing me out of my cozy nest of faith and asking me to let him be who he is and do what he does. 
At the end of the concert, Jernigan asked everyone to stand and pray together. When I stood up, I looked over the balcony and saw straight below me the spiky black hair—it belonged to one person who had an uncanny power over me. I almost fell over the balcony as everything came crashing down inside me once again. God must have had angels holding me up. 
Although you are gone I
Sometimes feel you
Standing beside me.
Sometimes I feel you are
Stamped in my heart
As if lighting my candle
Meant joining together
As one
To shine, to spread his light
Together.
It is so real that I close my eyes.
I look away
Before I choke on the intensity
Before my eyes give away my heart
Or my trembling hand drops my candle.
But when I look
Up and see your softness, your
knowing smile—
I watch you look inside me.
But you do not believe.
So I cannot believe.
Yet sometimes I feel you
Standing beside me
And sometimes what I cannot see
What is hardest to believe
Is most real
And is stamped in my heart
Regardless of logic
Regardless of my mistakes.
Believe…
“Have I not told you?”
“Yes, but…”
“Have I not told you?”
Spring semester came quickly. I still loved my roommates. I loved my new classes. I had a Bible professor who reminded me of a darker, shorter, married version of Paul. I would stare at him in class and daydream about what Paul might be up to as he taught at my old high school. In the fitness center, where I would exercise on campus, one of the workers resembled a body-builder version of Paul, except with a square jaw and a shaved head. He was very kind and friendly, but I avoided him as much as possible, unwilling to risk falling for another older guy. 
Finally, the day of a very special concert arrived. It was the day that my choir would sing at my home church. I had been looking forward to this day for months. I knew it would be an encouraging and uplifting experience, an important connection between my life back home and my new world at school. I really hoped Paul would go. It would be an easy way for him to show me he cared, without any pressure to let anyone else know he liked me. 
I had invited Jeff and Paul to the concert two weeks prior, on Easter Sunday.
“Yes, we’ll definitely be there,” Jeff had said. 
“When is it?” Paul asked.
“In two weeks. It’s at 5 o’clock, right here. Can you come?”
“Sure, I think I can,” he said.
“Great! That means a lot to me.”
“How is school going?” Jeff asked.
“I love it,” I said, watching out of the corner of my eye as Paul walked away and started talking with some other people. “It is perfect for me. It is amazing.”
“Any boyfriends?” he asked.
“Don’t start this again!” I laughed.
“Right, forget it, forget I said anything!” he said.
“Actually, I have been seeing a guy named Tyler,” I said, sort of loudly. I didn’t want him or Paul to think no guys were interested in me. “We’re not officially going out or anything.”
“Really?” he said, glancing in Paul’s direction. “Is Tyler a good guy?” 
“Yes, he is an amazing Christian, from Wisconsin. You would love him.”
“That’s wonderful, Miriam. I’m really happy for you,” Jeff said. 
The weekend of the concert, I invited my friend Tiahna—the really pretty girl who convinced me to get my hair cut—to stay overnight at my parent’s house. During our sleepover, I told her about Paul because I knew she would most likely meet him the next day. I guess I wanted her to know he was spoken for. I told her how I was head over heals in love with him and it was ridiculous, but I believed we would get married one day. 
Tiahna went to church with me Sunday morning. Paul wasn’t there. After church we ventured to the Glendale Galleria to do a little shopping before our concert. 
As we were walking by the elevator in the center of the mall, we ran into Lili, Ansley’s little sister. 
“Miriam!” she called. “Hi guys.”
She hopped over to us, showering us with hugs, kisses, and smiles. 
I asked her how everything was going. She giggled, bounced, and held Tiahna’s hand as she told us about youth group. 
“Oh my gosh, did you hear about Paul Greer?” she asked, her eyes wide and serious.
“No, what?” I asked, catching Tiahna’s eye to make sure she knew it was the same guy I had told her about the night before.
“He’s engaged. Isn’t that a bummer for, like, every single girl at our church?”
“What?” Tiahna and I screamed at the same time. In a fleeting moment of insanity, I got really excited and actually thought to myself, “He announced our engagement without asking me first?” Then I realized the truth. It wasn’t me. 
I gasped. I started coughing to hide the fact that I was choking. I wished I hadn’t told Tiahna anything. I bit my lip and swallowed hard, forcing the physical evidence of my shock and pain to run down the inside of my skin. Tiahna looked at me sympathetically.
“Are you sure?” she asked Lili. “Who is the girl?”
“She’s a dancer or something. She’s a Christian, and I guess she’s from Shadow Hills. But I don’t know her,” Lili said.
I strained to think of who it might be.
“So crazy,” Lili went on. “Last week on Sunday morning during youth group, he was up there talking, and he said, ‘Take a look at the screen,’ and we looked up and read the announcement: ‘Paul is Finally Getting Married!’”
“No!” 
I wanted to cry out in pain and run away. I stared off in the distance, feeling my future shatter to pieces. 
The next thing I remembered was Tiahna saying, “Bye Lili, hope to see you at our concert tonight.” She took my arm and led me through the mall, trying to guide me through a Macy’s that was unfamiliar to her. “What’s going on with you? Are you OK?”
“I can’t breathe.”
“Don’t worry. Everything is going to be alright.”
We made it outside. She held my hand tightly and helped me get into her car. I was the Lady of Shalott, floating on a boat to Camelot, dying.
… She left the web, she left the loom
She made three paces through the room,
She saw the water lily bloom,
She saw the helmet and the plume,
She looked down to Camelot.
Out flew the web and floated wide;
The mirror cracked from side to side,
“The curse is come upon me,” cried
The Lady of Shalott …
—Alfred Lord Tennyson



Chapter Nineteen
Broken
That night I put on my obnoxious choir dress, curled my hair, accidentally burned my forehead with the curling iron, and then walked in step with the other ladies like I did every Sunday. I stood straight in the back row with my spirit slouching in my chest, and I mouthed the words to the songs as best I could. The tears would not stop flowing. 
I didn’t look past the choir director because I could hardly see, and I couldn’t bear to know whether or not Paul had come to my concert. He had disappointed me so many times. He said he would try. But that was a week before his announcement, maybe days before his proposal. Or had he already proposed when I saw him on Easter, and he just didn’t tell me?
When I finally had the guts to look at faces and see who was there, I saw my parents, elderly couples, and friendly faces from church. Neither Paul nor Jeff was there.
In the very back row was a woman I hadn’t seen in a while. She was one of the moms from my dance studio. And she was sitting next to Paul’s mom, whispering and smiling, acting like family. 
I knew exactly who Paul was going to marry: Morgan Rowe, the graceful and humble daughter of a wealthy real estate investor. She was a quiet Christian girl, a redhead, cute as a button, with a very, very normal mom. 
Tears took over my face. I should have had mercy on myself and headed straight for the door. But they were sitting right by the door. My only choice was to stuff everything into the holy catacombs of my heart and finish the rest of the concert with a note of dignity intact. It was one of the hardest things I’ve ever forced myself to do.
After the concert, Tiahna and I drove back to my parent’s house, gathered our things, and said goodbye to my parents. 
“Are you OK, Miriam?” my dad asked. “You seem upset.”
“I’m fine. I’m just tired.”
I wasn’t fine. On the drive back to school, Tiahna was reverentially quiet and I stared out the window replaying the day, scene by scene. My mind was trying to find a loophole, as if it were a cruel joke. God, how could this be? How could you let this happen? Why was I so jaded? How could you let me go through so much heartache—for nothing?
When we got back to the dorm, Tiahna and I went to our separate rooms. My roommates were on their way out, so I quickly said hi and bye, shut and locked the door, and called Bianca.
“Yup, I heard he was engaged,” Bianca said. “Everyone was talking about it at church today. He asked this redhead named Morgan. She’s pretty, I guess.”
“When did he propose?”
“Maybe a couple days after Easter. I think they set a date for July. Kinda quick, huh?”
He had proposed a few days after I last talked to him. They were going to be married in just a few months.
“Do you know how old she is?”
“Why? Like 24? I heard that she has a rock on her left hand.”
She was five years older than me. I would be 19 soon.  
“I can’t believe it, Bianca. I really thought Paul and I were meant for each other. I am so totally mortified; I’m sick to my stomach.”
“Don’t worry, Miriam, he was way too old for you anyway. I mean, by the time you two would get married, he would be too old to have kids.”
“I would marry him in July if he asked me.” I winced. “Did I say that out loud?”
She laughed. “Well that’s not going to happen. He’s marrying her. Morgan. As hard as it is, you have to forget about him. What about Tyler? How are things going with him?”
As soon as I got off the phone with Bianca, everything she said floated up in the sky, and all I felt was devastation boiling and hardening my young heart.
I checked my voicemail for messages, and I had one new message.
“Hey Miriam,” a guy’s voice said. “It’s Paul Greer, your friend from home. I wanted to let you know that I’m not really engaged...”
There was shuffling, laughter, and then a dial tone. 
“What’s going on?” I whispered. I replayed the message two more times. 
I ran downstairs to Tiahna’s room to tell her about the message. Our friend Jeremy was sitting on her bed.
“Oh, that message was from us; it was a joke,” she said. Jeremy smiled and waved. 
I felt my face twist like a madwoman. “How could you? How could you do that to me?” I cried. My tears would not obey me. I ran out of the room, Tiahna stumbling after me. She caught up with me in the stairwell, grabbed me and held me. 
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” She pleaded for forgiveness.
“Let go! Let me go!” I screamed.
“It was just a joke! I’m sorry!”
Because I had no energy to wrestle her off of me, I sunk down to the floor. I had to succumb to the truth of what was happening to me: I was broken. 
I couldn’t stop bawling. When people entered the stairwell, they immediately turned around to use the other stairs. At one point a resident advisor came by, asked Tiahna if I was OK, and left.
While Tiahna rocked me, ran her fingers through my hair, and hummed a song to help me relax, I moaned and cried, arguing with God. Finally, Tiahna walked me to my room, put me in bed, turned out the light, and left me alone with my demons. 
I have no idea what even happened the next few days. It was a lot of crying. A lot of journaling. A lot of eating. I was depressed. My roommates didn’t ask any questions. But they were extra sweet to me, and they left me alone a lot. 
Within a week, Tyler dumped me. He asked me if I would go for a walk with him on campus, and then he sat me down on a bench that was sort of hidden in between some modular buildings. 
“Miriam, I’m going to be an RA next year, and I think I should focus on getting my life together right now,” he said gently.
“Uh-huh,” I said.
“I’ve been spending a lot of time running and training,” he continued, “And you and I—we hardly even see each other. Do you understand what I mean?”
“Yes,” I said. “I guess this is the break-up bench.”
He laughed, which made me laugh too.
“You’re right,” he played along. “It all starts in the rose garden and ends on the break-up bench.” 
We looked down at our feet.
“You know I still love you as a friend, right?” I said.
“Yes. But I’m supposed to say that line. I’m breaking up with you.”
“OK.” I smiled. “So you still love me as a friend?” 
“Of course.” 
“You won’t tell anyone my deepest, darkest secrets, right?” 
“You mean like how you used to…”
“Hey!” I covered his mouth with my hand. “Don’t tell anyone that stuff.”
We hugged, and he walked me back to my dorm and waved goodbye. It was a nice break up. Very tactful. Very sweet—two things I would never be. I went back to my dorm room and sat on my bed with my headphones, listening to Jeff Buckley’s “Last Goodbye.”
Tyler was way too good for me. Paul was way too good for me. But Paul had the power to break my heart because I’d given him my heart and my soul. He never asked for them. I gave them freely because I trusted him. And I had never been hurt before. There was nothing Tyler or any guy could do that would hurt as bad as what Paul had already done—that is, what I had let Paul do without him even knowing it.



Chapter Twenty
Training
I managed to stay away from guys for the rest of the semester, although I briefly dated a Mormon guy named Drew over the summer. He was about to leave for his two-year mission. He was a nice, quiet guy. One time I brought him some homemade chocolate chip cookies, and he ate three or four. Then he ran to the bathroom and threw up. 
“Are you sick?” I asked him through the bathroom door.
“No, I’m fine,” he said. 
When he was done, he washed his hands and then joined me on the sofa.
“Did you just barf up those cookies?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Oh, no! Was there something wrong with them?”
“No! They were great.” Then quietly he added, “I just get really nervous around you.”
I didn’t believe him. There was something wrong with the cookies. When I got home, my parents were asleep. I went to the kitchen, opened the Tupperware with the cookies, and ate as many as I possibly could to see if I would barf too. I think I ate nine cookies in two minutes. Then I waited. I felt fine, just really stuffed. I was sure that I would get nauseous soon. I walked to the downstairs bathroom and knelt by the toilet. Nothing. I was totally fine. Except now I was wired on sugar right when I was supposed to go to bed. 
Great, he really was just nervous around me. I ate all those cookies for nothing.
I sat there by the toilet, wondering if I should try to make myself barf to relieve the pressure on my stomach. I leaned over and put my finger in my mouth. I tried to do it, but I just couldn’t. Even though I knew I would feel better if I threw up, I couldn’t bring myself to do it. 
When Drew left for his mission, I mailed him a fresh batch of homemade chocolate chip cookies. 
In July, Paul got married. I wasn’t invited. 
I made it through that summer. Bianca and I volunteered with the church youth group mentoring high school girls, and I worked at Macy’s in the women’s department. There was something very relaxing about folding clothes and helping sweet old ladies choose coordinating outfits.  
At the beginning of my sophomore year of college, I wanted to do something crazy, something that was challenging and would boost my self-esteem. I decided to train for the LA Marathon. I had heard from a chapel speaker that anyone could do it. And when Tyler was training the year before, he had encouraged me to try. He was so sure that I would be able to do it that I almost believed him.
The only problem was that I needed to find someone to train with me.
Dante, the athlete from the fitness center who reminded me of Paul, overheard me talking to Tiahna about the marathon while I was working out in the gym one day.
“I’ll train with you,” he offered.
“Um—I don’t think you want to train with me. You are way faster than me.” 
“Really. I’m not a long-distance runner. I think it would be great.”
We started running together every night. Soon we were running five miles a night, then nine miles, in addition to longer runs on Saturdays. Before long, we knew everything about each other. I even told him about Paul.
The day after Christmas, five months after Paul got married, I ran 14 miles by myself, from my house to Bianca’s house, where I showered and got ready to attend the young adult church service at my home church. Bianca and I drove in her little Civic and picked up Kai. We arrived late to the church service. I went to the restroom to get a drink of water. 
I walked through the double doors of the church and looked for Bianca. She hurried over, and as soon as she had a chance, she whispered the news: “Paul is here. Do you want to leave?”
I should have known he would be there. A darkness tried to sweep over me, but I quickly brushed it away. 
“Oh, it’s cool,” I responded, to ease her tense expectations. I thought I would be fine.
My contentment meant her relief, and we strolled into the candle-lit room. There must have been about a hundred people there. Kai quickly pulled chairs over for us to sit together, and we joined the crowd of young Christians. I allowed myself to sink into the sounds and vibrations of the instruments, and I closed my eyes and tried to focus, in spite of the news Bianca shared. 
I really was OK. Until I saw him. I still had radar to spot him in any crowd. He was in the front, praying for the hurting people who shared their testimonies. 
I continued to peek at him throughout the service. Suddenly, I saw her red hair. It occurred to me that he was sitting next to his wife. Then I couldn’t keep my eyes off the married couple. Furthermore, his parents sat to her right and she talked occasionally to his father. 
Ouch. Why did I still care?
Gloom and self-pity overwhelmed me. Why did I feel hurt? Why did I feel physical pain when Morgan wrapped her arms around his neck and he held her waist? Why did I think it should be my waist he held? Bianca must have sensed my pain. She held my hand and didn’t let go. I thanked God for her. She knew everything I went through. She knew my struggle had nothing to do with logic and all to do with unbearable emotion, uncontrollable attraction, and spiritual misery. 
We left as soon as the service ended. Normally, I would have stayed, caught up with my old church friends, and taken down a few phone numbers. Not that night. I couldn’t leave fast enough. I felt a chill over my body that could not be warmed. I felt an emptiness that could not be filled. I felt betrayed by a man I cherished and by a God of faithfulness. 
After Bianca dropped me off at my house, I walked into the kitchen and put my head down on the counter. My mom asked me what was wrong, and I mentioned, casually, that I still felt bad when I saw Paul. 
“What? He has a wife!” she exclaimed, as if four words of intense disapproval would clear my head. I knew I couldn’t talk to her about it. I went upstairs and wrote in my journal.
The worst part is that I still desire to have a future with him. I fantasize that we will meet in the future, both widowed, searching for companionship. He will see me and know instantly that we were created for each other. We will get married, serve God together, travel, and finish our lives together. I dream of the day when he will know he should have married me, and he will hold me tenderly in his arms.
Because I knew the idea was selfish, stale—and impossible—I felt frigid as I wrote it down. It was wrong. So much of what I desired was wrong. What could I do? Ignore it? It plagued me daily. Pray about it? Yes, but I had done that so many times. I was still sick. My stomach hurt more than ever.
I needed a solution. 
Lord, you know I want to be over Paul. I need to leave this in the past. I need to wrap it up in a huge package with a fancy, shmancy, shimmery, gold bow, and leave it behind me. God, I do this tonight for my own good and for the sake of my relationship with my future husband. God! Hear me and have mercy on me. I am desperate.


Chapter Twenty-One
Therapy
The LA marathon was amazing, and it taught me that with training and dedication, I could reach any goal, no matter how impossible it seemed. I went from running ¼ mile in October to 26.2 miles in March.
At the beginning of my junior year, about six months later, Dante took me to dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. He asked me to be his girlfriend. I said yes.
But after a few months, I realized that Dante was predictable, reliable, and straightforward. I guess I wanted someone who was full of surprises. And still, in my mind, no one was as wonderful or as godly as Paul. 
I was an RA in the dorms that year, and I told Dante that I was too busy with schoolwork and RA responsibilities to continue dating. I needed some space.
In fact, I needed to give up dating altogether. 
Once I made the decision, I felt a weight lifted from me. Freedom, self-assurance, and a sense of adventure overcame me, replacing the rejection, neediness, and self-doubt I had felt after Paul chose another woman. It was not only for my own good that I gave up dating but also for the good of the guys I had hurt along the way. I realized that I had not treated them well; I had not taken their hearts seriously. It was almost as if I had been so hurt that I felt entitled to recklessly break any heart that dared to leap in front of me.
Healing from a broken heart was a slow process. I wouldn’t have healed without the help of counseling. It was my resident director who walked me over to the counseling center after I told her about Paul during our weekly one-on-one. She insisted that I go.
“Miriam,” she said, “sometimes we have wounds that can’t heal because we have too many band-aids on top of them. What helps the true healing begin? You have to peel off those old, sticky band-aids, no matter how much it hurts, and let some fresh air get on that wound. Then you can look at it, have a professional look at it, and treat it properly so it can heal forever.” 
In my counseling sessions, Carol, the psychologist, helped me hack away at those old bandages.
In the beginning, I resisted.   
“Why should I trust you?” I asked her in our second session. “Why should I believe that you care about me when you don’t even know me?”
She quickly turned the question back to me. “Why do you think I care? Have I done anything to show you I care?”
“No. You are here because you have to be here. You’re paid to be here.” 
“Have I said anything to suggest I don’t care?” 
I thought about it for a while. “No.” 
“Good. Well, first of all, I do care about you. And you can trust me because I have the training to know how to help you. Not only that, but God gives some people the gift of listening and counseling so they can help other people. He cares about you, and he brought you here so I can help you.”
As the session went on, I noticed that she built our discussion on what I had said the week before. She brought up topics that she could see were important to me, and she was right: She did have the gift of counsel, and she did care about me. Once I trusted her, I let it all gush out. 
Within the first three weeks I had divulged my four main areas of struggle: unhealthy eating habits, my relationship with my mom, low self-esteem, and difficulty with guy relationships. 
“Tell me about Paul,” she said in one session. “Who is he; what is he like?”
“Paul loves God. His love for God is so genuine that he glows. His personality is so warm that people are drawn to him. He is the ideal guy, the man every girl wants to marry. He saw my love for God; he told me there was something special about me. I thought, wow, if this man sees God in me, we must be made for each other.”
“Do you think there might be someone else out there who will see that in you?”
“Honestly, most of the guys I meet just see the outside. They don’t like me for who I really am.”
“How do you know? Are you letting them see who you really are?”
I thought for a while. “No, probably not.”
“Why?”
“Maybe, because I don’t trust them?”
“But you trusted Paul.”
“Yes. And he slammed my heart into the ground.”
“Now, listen to what you just said. You said he is the ideal guy. Then you said he slammed your heart into the ground. Do perfect guys slam young girl’s hearts into the ground?”
“No…”
“Can you admit, then, that he is not perfect?”
“No, because I never let him know how hurt I was. I hid everything from him. I made him believe I was fine.”
“Well, then think about this: Do perfect 27-year-olds start dating 17-year-olds?”
“He did,” I said stubbornly.
“You need to realize something very important, Miriam,” she said, leaning toward me. “You have this guy on a pedestal, and until you kick him off, you will never find a man you can marry. You need to admit Paul’s faults. He should never have taken you out on dates and touched your hand and told you he wanted you to finish college in three years. That was careless. That was hurtful to you.”
“Yes, but, we both believed that God had a plan that was bigger than our age difference.”
“You are defending him. You are keeping him safe so he won’t get in trouble and so you won’t have to take him off the pedestal in your mind. You have to admit that he was wrong. He was irresponsible, and he used you because he liked having a young girl’s attention to make him feel young and desirable.”
“That’s not all it was, though.”
“But that is what it turned into. That is all that is left of it.”
“I just wish you knew him, then you would get it. You would like him.”
“OK, I am sure he is a friendly, charming guy. But he isn’t perfect. No one is.”
“Right, no one is perfect.” I began to let those words sink in. 
“Close your eyes,” she said. I closed my eyes and breathed slowly. 
“I want you to picture a big pedestal in your mind. It is at the top of all you are and all you believe in. I want you to picture Paul sitting on that pedestal. Do you see him?”
“Yes.” 
“OK. Now I want you to picture him climbing down off the pedestal and stepping down to the level of the rest of the people in your life. He is joining the crowd filled with everyone you know.”
“I see it.” 
“Now what is left up there?”
“It is God’s seat. It is where God should be.” I started crying. 
“Good!” she said enthusiastically. “Now isn’t that funny. Paul said he could see that you were only God’s. Meanwhile, you gave Paul the throne of your heart, and then he drifted away from you.”
“That’s not funny; that is terrible. That is sick,” I said, laughing and crying at the same time. “How could I let that happen? How could I ruin everything?”
“You were young,” she said gently. “And when the right man comes along, you won’t make that mistake again.”
It took three pathetic years. Three years to get over one guy, and he was married for two of those years. 
Later that semester I went home over the weekend, opened my desk drawer where I had saved all my letters, poems, and songs, the postcard from Paul, the bracelet, every little trinket and memory from our time together, and dumped it all in the trash can without even a second thought.
After my junior year of college, I made it through six whole months without dating or kissing anyone. I was so proud of myself. I felt strong, graceful, focused, and obedient. The lesson I learned from Passion and Purity finally took a hold on me. I just had to stay away from guys who wanted to date me and then it was easy to save my kisses for my husband. But it was more than my kisses and my body that I was saving. I was getting healthy. I was taking care of my heart and soul. I was becoming a good gift for a good man, and he was becoming a wonderful gift for me.



Chapter Twenty-Two
Bryson
I did hang out with one guy, Bryson, for a few days in July before senior year. He was a seminary student, a few years older than me, and he was gorgeous, with dark skin and light eyes. He had just started volunteering for the high school youth group at my home church. 
One Sunday night after the church service, a few of the girls made plans to go swimming with Bryson and his roommates. 
“Miriam, come over to my place and swim,” Bryson said with a wink. I was surprised to be invited. I didn’t know any of them very well.
Soon I was in the hot tub with some very hot guys and girls. I was a little nervous. Then, after Bryson’s roommate Todd asked me to do a little strut across the deck in my bikini, I was really uncomfortable. 
“No way,” I said. “I’m not like that.” 
“Yeah, leave her alone,” Bryson said, punching his roommate in the shoulder. Then he turned to me and whispered, “He’s been drinking. Just ignore him.”
After we dried off and went back to Bryson’s apartment, the guys started playing guitar and the girls made nachos. It was a late night before we said goodbye.
“Hey, let me get your number,” Bryson said as I was leaving. “We’re going bowling tomorrow. I’ll call you.” 
“You better not give it to your roommate.” I smiled.
“Don’t worry,” he said, giving me another wink and a kiss on the cheek. 
Bryson didn’t call me the next day but three days later. 
“Hey babe,” he said casually. “You want to come over tonight?” 
“What are you guys doing?”
“Not much. We’ll probably swim and watch a movie or something.”
“OK. What time?”
“Just come over whenever; we’ll be here.”
I arrived about an hour later. The front door was open, and Bryson was on the couch strumming his guitar. 
“Hey there, little girl, come on in,” he said. 
“Where’s Todd?” I asked
“He went out with some chick,” he said smiling. That meant we were alone together, which made me—well—just a little excited. 
“Sit down,” he said. 
“What are you playing?” I asked. 
“Smashing Pumpkins.” 
“Nice.”
After listening for a while, I got up and helped myself to a glass of water. Then I used the restroom and checked my hair and makeup in the mirror. When I came out, Bryson was lighting candles in his bedroom. 
“Whoa,” I said, joining him in the bedroom. “You really know how to set the mood.” I nudged him on the shoulder. 
“I like candles. They help me relax.” His eyes looked like a rain forest. “Have a seat,” he said. He lay down on his bed with his feet crossed and his hands behind his head. 
“Where?” I asked. I didn’t see any chairs in the room.
“On the bed.”
I sat down at the foot of the bed, somewhat awkwardly. 
“Tell me something,” he said out of nowhere. “Can I ask you a personal question?”
“Sure.”
“What happened between you and Paul?”
“Wow,” I said, totally shocked. “What—what do you mean?”
“You dated him, right? While you were in high school?” 
I was literally on the edge of my seat. “Yes, we went out a few times. But how did you know?”
“Paul told me,” he said.
“He did?” I almost yelled. “He told me not to tell anyone at church! And he told you?”
“I’m sorry. Are you OK?” he asked, sitting up. “I mean, you don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to.”
“No, I’m fine. I’m actually—I am so—elated that he told you. But why were you guys talking about me?”
“Here’s the sitch,” Bryson said, leaning on his side on one elbow. He looked down, tapping his guitar pick on the bed. “I sort of have something going on with Marisa.” He looked up. “You know her, right?” 
I nodded. It clicked that Bryson, in all of his sexiness, was not hitting on me but befriending me in order to glean some wisdom about Marisa. And I was OK with that.
“She was on my houseboat a few years ago. Really sweet girl. Isn’t she a senior this year?” 
“Ya, that’s her. Well, Paul saw us talking and he said, ‘Watch out for those ballerinas. They’re deadly.’ ”
I laughed. Bryson winked. 
“She’s a great girl,” he said. “I would love to take her out. But Paul said it was a really bad idea to date someone from the youth group; he said he knew from firsthand experience.”
“And he told you it was me.”
“Yep.” 
“Yes, I would say it is a bad idea.”
“Can you tell me why? You know, from the girl’s point of view?” 
I took in a deep breath and exhaled, looking up at the ceiling. “Do you want the long or short version?”
“Whatever you want.” 
We sat on the bed for an hour or so, and I told him my story from beginning to end. The look on Bryson’s face was horrified at times, as I gave him a glimpse of the mind-set of a high school girl. I think he was afraid of me by the time I was through. However, I reassured him that I was completely over Paul, thanks to counseling and the grace of God. 
Telling my story to Bryson was refreshing for a few reasons: I rehashed the past and saw how silly I had been, I used my story to help someone else not make the same mistake, and I examined my heart and acknowledged that I was completely healed. The thorn in my flesh was gone, and it felt great.
“So I should stay away from Marisa until she graduates,” he concluded.
“Yes. Girls can act more mature than they really are. And they think they are ready to get married right out of high school, but in reality, it takes some time away from home to establish who you are as an individual, you know?”
“Tell me—I mean if you don’t mind—what did Paul say that made you think he was planning to marry you?”
“It’s totally embarrassing, but I assumed and hoped that God had made it clear to him. I kept calling it a ‘God thing.’ ”
“So when he proposed to someone else, you were crushed, but it was God who crushed you really, because God didn’t tell Paul that he should marry you. Is that what I’m hearing?”
“Whoa. Ouch.” I scratched my face. “Maybe. I guess I was angry at God.”
“It’s crazy, if you think about it, how often people get ideas and then say the Bible or God told them to do it. It’s like using the Lord’s name in vain, using his name to justify what we selfishly want. It’s so wrong.”
“Don’t compare me to Hitler or anything. I’m just a confused girl from Burbank,” I laughed. “Wow. Well, this was really good for me. Thank you for listening.”
“No problem.”
Bryson walked me to the door. He stopped and leaned on the doorframe, looking down at his fingernails. “You know my brother and his wife just got divorced, right?”
“I did hear that, yes. I’m sorry.” I gave him a hug. 
“Maybe I should stay away from the ladies,” he said.
“That’s what I decided to do,” I said. “I mean guys, of course. I decided I’m not going to date anyone my senior year.”
He looked relieved and smiled, trusting that I didn’t get the wrong idea about him. 
“I’ll walk you to your car.”
I drove away feeling like I had an ephemeral friend whose tempting eyes and skin were not for me. It was good to hang out with a hot guy without kissing him. It was good to see my maturity and self-control at a new level. I had been a good friend for a day, even if that was all he needed me to be. I felt healthy. Making good decisions brought peace to my life.  
I dreamed about his eyes for a few days, and I waited for a call that never came. But I knew why it never came. I wrote a few poems about him, and soon the longing feeling was gone.



Chapter Twenty-Three
Morgan
I volunteered to be a boat leader for the houseboat trip to Lake Mojave that August. At the leaders’ meeting two weeks before the trip, there were 36 boat leaders assigned in pairs to the 18 houseboats. When I got to the meeting, I found out that Bryson was my co-leader. I was glad that we’d had our bonding moment because I was assured that there wouldn’t be anything weird between us on the trip. 
Halfway through the meeting we had a break to get some coffee and donuts. That was when Paul walked in the room. 
He gave Bryson a big man hug; I got a side hug. 
“How are you?” he asked me in his raspy voice. Now it had the substance of a married man.
“I’m great! Are you going with us?”
“Of course.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“So what are you up to these days?” I asked.
“Well, I am working with my father-in-law.” 
“And what does he do?” 
“He’s an investor. I’m doing property management. It’s temporary. It’s better than teaching.”
“And what about your wife? What does she do?”
“She works for him too.”
“Where are you guys living?”
“With my wife’s parents.”
“That’s romantic.”
“Tell me about it. What are you up to these days? When do you graduate?”
“I have two more semesters.”
“That went by fast, didn’t it!” he said.
We chatted about my classes and the books we were reading over the summer. It was interesting to me that we talked so easily and naturally, especially since we hadn’t seen each other in so long. In fact, because he was married and I was a little bit older, we seemed to get along better than ever. We still had similar humor and mutual interests. We still had the chemistry of what I used to call “soul mates.” Now I told myself it was nothing more than Christian brotherhood. 
For the second half of the meeting, we sat next to each other and whispered a few jokes back and forth while Bob and Kelly went through the materials for the trip. I was looking forward to this new friendship with Paul. I felt like I was free to show that I cared about him as a person and that I thought he was funny, interesting, and intelligent. 
When Bob was finished with his instructions, Paul got up and prayed for our trip. As I listened to his excitement and saw his passion for the students, I was reminded of his deep love for God, and I was happy for his wife. She was the one God had chosen to share Paul’s love, help him be the best man of God he could be, and nurture his soul every day. 
After the meeting, Paul and I walked out together. I could see a woman with beautiful, flowing red hair approaching from down the hall. 
“Morgan!” he called. “I want you to meet someone.”
“Hello,” she said politely when she drew near. She held out her hand. Her other hand gently rubbed her protruding stomach. They’d already made a baby. 
“This is Miriam,” Paul said. 
“Nice to meet you,” she said. We shook hands. 
“Yes,” I said, trying not to stare at her baby bump. “I remember you from Dance Arts. I’m a few years younger than you.”
“Oh,” she said, her eyebrows furrowed, as if trying to remember me. “Are you a dancer?” 
“Yes.”
“Is she the friend you were telling me about?” she asked Paul.
“Yes, this is Miriam.” 
“Oh, Miriam—right.” Suddenly, she was ready to leave. “It was nice to meet you. I have the car running, honey. Let’s go.” 
Paul and I hardly talked on the houseboat trip.
And after that, I never really saw him again.



Part Two

When I passed by Paul in my hometown, something in my heart leaped like it used to in high school, but I knew our paths were not meant to merge again. 
“Who’s Paul, Mom?” my daughter asked.
I kept driving.
“I’ll write a book about that story one day,” I told her, “and the best part of the book will be about how I met your Dad.”



Chapter Twenty-Four
Faulkner
Senior year of college: no dating allowed. It was what I needed in order to focus on my senior thesis and prepare to graduate.
Even though I was super busy, I felt happy and free: I had the best roommates I could ask for; I no longer used food to stuff down my emotions; I could sing again; I could hear God’s voice again, although I listened with discernment; my broken heart was completely healed; and all the taunting demons were gone. 
It was November of my senior year at Azusa Pacific. I arrived at Petrillo’s Pizza a little late. I walked into the dimly lit room and heard the boisterous laughter of my friends who were in the back of the restaurant. 
“I’m with Katelyn,” I told the hostess, waving as I passed by, and I headed toward the large table in the back. 
“Hi Miriam!” Katelyn called when she saw me, and she jumped up to give me a big hug.
“Happy Birthday!” I said, giving her a squeeze. “Wow, look at all these people! Where should I sit?”
“Right here,” a guy’s voice said. It was Charlie Castagnoli, a junior, and he was pointing to the seat next to him. 
“We saved you a seat,” said his friend Jack. 
Charlie stood up and bowed low to the ground, motioning for me to sit. He was dressed in a T-shirt and jeans, and he had short, messy brown hair and a scruffy face. 
Charlie and I had first met at the beginning of my sophomore year. I was working in Marshburn Library on campus. He strolled in like he didn’t have a care in the world, smiling like a little boy on his fifth birthday, ready to open his presents. His handsome smile and Roman nose pleased me so much that I thought to myself, “What if I married that guy?” and then pushed the idea out of my head as soon as he walked up to the circulation desk. He was 2 inches shorter than me, and his front teeth were strange; they were too large for his mouth.  
He leaned on the desk and cleared his throat.
“Excuse me. Hello. Hel-lo. I’m looking for Faulkner.” 
“Oh, are you in the Faulkner-Hemingway class?” I asked, thinking he might be a new English major that I could recruit for the English Honor Society.  
“No. I just want to read him,” he said. 
“Really? You want to read—just because?”
“Yes, well, I read some of his work few years ago, and I wanted to read more. You look surprised. Is that a strange request?”
“No one comes in here looking for something to read for their own pleasure. Do you go to school here?”
“I’m a freshman,” he said.
“Wow, a freshman guy looking for Faulkner. Well, here is the stack of books for the Faulkner class. You are welcome to look through them.”
“Thank you very much.”
He stood at the desk for a while, looking through the books. Then he said, “Thank you” and started to leave. 
“Did you find what you were looking for?”
“Yes!” he said as he walked out the door, one fist raised in the air.
A week later, I saw him riding his skateboard in front of the freshman dorms. “Hi, Faulkner!” I called.
“Hello Library Girl,” he said as he rolled across the sidewalk, knocking over a freshman. 
I put my textbook up to my face so I could laugh. He leaned over and helped the kid up. 
Over the course of the semester, Charlie and I had a few brief conversations, always addressing each other by our nicknames: “Faulkner” and “Library Girl.” However, he didn’t come back to campus second semester. I asked Tyler, who was his RA, why Charlie left the school. 
“Charlie was not an academic guy. He went up to Montana with his band to write some music.”
I felt a pang of disappointment. “Oh, is that where he is from? Montana?”
“No. He’s from California. Don’t ask me why he chose Montana. That guy was crazy—in a good way. Our dorm just isn’t the same without him.”
The following semester, to everyone’s delight, he was back. His hair was grown into long dark brown curls, and he had a beard. His band started playing small gigs in the local coffee shops. My roommate Jocelyn invited me to one of his shows. 
“This guy is great,” she said as we walked into Sweet Daddy’s. “Not only does he have a great voice, but he is so funny! He is the funniest person I know!” 
Charlie and his two friends, Luke and George, were already playing music in the corner of the shop. Their sound was really smooth, calm, and sexy, with two guitars, a djembe, and vocals. I sat in the back with Jocelyn, sipping my mocha out of a large white mug.
Charlie’s voice was pure, rich, and confident. It reminded me of a cello solo I once overheard in the music building when I was in the choir. I was drawn to his voice as much as I was drawn to his smile. But I was not thinking about him romantically; I was admiring him as a friend and as a musician.
The trio started a new song, asking members of the audience to make up a sound to repeat over and over with the beat. Pretty soon 20 people were humming, zipping, clucking, and clapping along. Jocelyn and I were laughing, too embarrassed to join in.
“Come on, now, ladies!” Charlie called to us. “What’s your sound?”
Jocelyn started tapping the table, and I hid behind my purse. 
At the end of the show, we walked over to Charlie as he was wrapping up the cords and microphones. 
“Charlie, you guys are amazing!” Jocelyn said. 
“Thanks, thanks for coming.” He stopped to give us hugs.
“When is your next show?” I asked.
“I’ll let you know.” 
I never heard about his next show. It was a year later when we ran into each other at Petrillo’s, and he saved me a seat right between him and his best friend.
“How are you?” he asked. “Are you still working in the library?”
“No, I work for the paper now,” I said. “I’m the copy editor for The Clause.” 
“What classes are you taking? What are you doing after you graduate?”
“I’m actually leaving the country after I graduate,” I said. “I’m going to spend a year in Vancouver, BC, working with inner-city kids. Remember when Bart Campolo came to chapel and challenged us to take a year off of school and devote it to serving God? He said something like, Mormons dedicate two years to missions, and we should at least give one year? I really wanted to do something like that, so I applied for the Urban Promise internship. They called me this week and said I was accepted to the Vancouver summer program.”
“That’s awesome! What will you be doing there?” Charlie asked.
“I think I will be co-directing a summer day camp. But I’m not exactly sure what that means!”
His attention was pleasant. I noticed that Charlie was so … comfortable; it was like talking to someone I’d known since childhood. 
I was talking so much that I only ate one piece of pizza. We were still talking as we followed the group out the door and into the parking lot. I gave the birthday girl a hug goodbye, and Charlie and I stood outside, deep in conversation about the Bible paper I had just finished. Charlie was fascinated that the professor gave me an A on the notoriously difficult assignment. My paper was on Matthew 13:44-52, the passage about the kingdom of heaven being like a treasure in a field or a valuable pearl. 
“Tell me about the passage,” Charlie said.
“Oh my gosh, we will be here for hours.” 
“That’s OK. My ride is already gone.” 
“What?” I looked over to the street to see Jack driving away, honking goodbye. 
“I guess I have to walk.”
“No, you can ride with me,” I assured him. 
We climbed into my Jeep, and I drove him back to his apartment. We stayed in the car talking for a long time. 
“My passage is about giving up everything you think you want in exchange for the kingdom of God, once you learn the value of it. The treasure hidden in the field; the pearl of great value; and the sorting of the fish at the end of the age.”
“I remember when Bart Campolo spoke in chapel,” Charlie said. “I thought to myself, hey, I can start a prayer ministry right here. I should go door-to-door with my church group and pray for people—like my own version of Mission Year.”
“That’s crazy,” I said. “I would never want to do that.” 
“What do you mean?” he asked. 
“That idea intimidates me. I wouldn’t want to start it on my own. I just want to join a ministry that is already functioning.” 
We argued for a minute. 
“I think we are similar,” Charlie insisted.
“No,” I said. “I think we are very different.”
We ended the conversation on a good note, but I remember feeling strange, like I was sharing too much of myself with someone I hardly knew.
The next day I found a note on the front seat of my car, written on a dollar bill. “Hi. ♥ Charlie.” He had slipped it through the crack in the driver’s side window.
“Aw, Charlie—you’re the best!” I said out loud.
Katelyn and I found out that Charlie’s birthday was coming up, so we decided to make him a chocolate birthday cake. We baked and frosted it in my apartment, and wrote “Happy B-day Charlie” in M&Ms. I also wrote a long message in a card for him, telling him how much I appreciated his friendliness and encouragement. At the end I wrote, “I love you Charlie!” because, for some reason, I really did love him as a friend. 
We knocked on his door. 
“Surprise!” we yelled when Charlie opened the door. 
“What do we have here? Chocolate?”
When I saw the smile on his face as he looked at the cake and read the card, I remembered the smile I admired when he first walked into Marshburn Library. I noticed that he had very twinkly dark brown eyes. And his teeth didn’t bother me as much because he had very nice lips. 
His roommate, Jack, walked in the kitchen and saw the cake. “Another one?” he asked, laughing. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Look in the fridge,” he said. I opened it and saw two more birthday cakes. 
“Oh, no! Who are those from?”
“Charlie has lots of girlfriends.”
Charlie smiled. “I like your cake the best, though. M&Ms are my favorite.”
When I gave him a hug goodbye, I towered over him in my high-heeled boots. 



Chapter Twenty-Five
Not a Date
Before Christmas break Charlie called and invited me to go with him to see The Nutcracker ballet. 
“Did I ever tell you that I’m not dating anyone?” I asked bluntly.
“Yes. This isn’t a date. I already have the tickets, and if you can’t go, I’ll take my mom.” 
“OK,” I said, still hesitant. “When is it?”
“Let me see, it says December 22nd at the Granada Theatre in Santa Barbara.”
“Oh, Santa Barbara,” I said, laughing to myself. “I love Santa Barbara. Is that the theater on State Street?”
“Yes, have you been there?”
“A few times.” 
“So do you want to go?”
“Ya, sure. How much are the tickets?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“I have to pay you, or else it’s a date.” 
“Can’t a guy be chivalrous?”
“Oh my gosh,” I laughed. “OK.”
I made a mental note to give him money for the tickets anyway. 
The night of the ballet, he showed up at the door of my parents’ house with a handful of bright Gerber daisies: one of each color. My mom found a vase in the kitchen, and I quickly arranged the flowers while Charlie chatted with my parents. 
Later while we were in the car, I brought it up. “You brought me flowers,” I said. “Isn’t that kind of date-ish?” 
“No, it’s not,” he said. “I give flowers to my friends all the time. Besides, the only reason I got them was because I happened to see a flower shop right when I got off the freeway.” 
“OK.” I smiled. I couldn’t argue with him.
“Well, here is some money for my ticket,” I said, putting some folded bills in his ashtray. 
“Keep it,” he said. “Really, I bought these tickets a long time ago, and you don’t need to pay me.”
We sat in the front row at the Granada Theatre, quickly realizing that this was not a professional ballet but a children’s performance. We giggled at the little kids prancing around in costumes, waving to their moms and dads in the audience. During intermission, I surprised Charlie by buying him a large Nutcracker doll that was for sale in the lobby. He opened the box and held the doll up in the air like it was his first-born child. 
After the show, we walked along State Street all the way down to the coffee shop Paul had taken me to. We passed by some characters on the street whose eyes followed us as we passed. I looked at Charlie and sensed strength in him, like he would protect me with his life if he had to. It was the first time I’d felt that kind of safety with a guy—or someone shorter than me, for that matter. I wrote it down in my heart as something important to remember.
We both ordered green tea and sat and talked for a while.
“Have you ever been to Surfside on the pier?” I asked Charlie. 
A homeless guy, sitting in the corner with a hat over his face, grumbled, “Surfside burned down.”
“No it didn’t,” said a college student. “Moby Dick burned down.” Then he turned to us. “The pier caught on fire.” 
“Wow. That is so crazy.” I was tempted to think about Paul, as if I should be nostalgic about the pier, but instead I pushed the memories away. 
Charlie and I finished our tea and went outside in the cold December air. Then I went back inside to use the restroom before we left. I walked by the homeless man, and he looked into my eyes for a moment, and then looked down at his hands holding his warm coffee. It was one of those moments that pierce your soul.
When I met up with Charlie, I felt restless. 
“Why don’t people talk about homelessness?” I asked. “The first time I ever brought food to the homeless was in Christian Ministries class, and it was an assignment. Why didn’t I ever do that in high school? Why is it so uncommon for people to enter the world of the poor and just bring them some food?”
Charlie listened with a smile. 
“You know, I agree. I bring my middle school guys to Santa Monica to hand out sandwiches,” he said. “There are three guys in the church group who are really involved, and they really care about helping out.”
“You do that with middle school kids?” 
“Yeah.” 
“Maybe we are similar,” I said, grabbing his arm and linking mine in his. 
“That’s what I told you,” he said. “We better get back. It’s almost 11.”
Two nights later, after the Christmas Eve service, I sat at home by the fireplace with Anna and my mom and dad. We had just finished what my dad calls Family Time, where we read the Christmas story in the Bible and pray together. I always loved Family Time. It made me feel so close to my mom and dad.  
Then there was a knock at the door, and Anna got up to answer it.
“Miriam, someone is here to see you,” she called. 
“Oh, my gosh, I’m in my pajamas!” 
“It’s just me,” I heard Charlie say from the doorway. “And my brother, delivering a Christmas gift.”
“Hi,” I said, approaching the door sheepishly.
He held out a small journal with a decorative cover. “Merry Christmas,” he said. 
“Aw, you didn’t have to get me anything.”
“I know you like to write. When I saw it, I thought of you. I want you to meet my brother Sal.”
“Hi, come in. My mom made some homemade wassail. I think it’s still hot.”
“No thanks, we were just stopping by on our way back from my mom’s house. She lives north of here.”
“Oh. OK. Well, thank you so much for the journal!”
“You’re welcome. Merry Christmas, Miriam.”
“He’s a nice guy,” my sister said after I shut the door.
“Yes. He’s really nice.”


Chapter Twenty-Six
New Year’s Eve
“What are you doing tonight?” Charlie asked over the phone the morning of New Year’s Eve. 
“I’m hanging out with my friends Bianca and Kai.”
“You should bring them over to my dad’s house,” he said. “Katelyn and Jenny are coming, Jack, Luke, and some other guys.”
“Oh, that sounds fun. What are you guys doing?”
“Every New Year’s Eve we play craps for pennies. There will be lots of food, a hot tub, and in the morning, we’ll go to the Rose Parade.”
“Oh, so should I bring my pajamas?”
“Yeah.”
“That sounds so fun. I’ll call Bianca and see if she wants to go.”
“I really hope you can make it.”
Bianca, Kai, and I drove to the city of Diamond Bar in my Jeep. We were amazed at how big Charlie’s dad’s house was. We walked up to the front door feeling a little intimidated. 
Charlie opened the door and gave us hugs and invited us to join in the fun. Jack, Katelyn, and Jenny were already playing craps with Charlie’s brother. 
We got a quick tour of the first floor of the house. The backyard expanded as far as we could see, and a sparkling pool was just outside the sunroom doors. In the kitchen, the countertop was lined with trays of food and desserts. A friendly hostess greeted us. 
“Hi, I’m Sadie,” she said.
“Oh, are you Charlie’s mom?”
“Stepmom. Help yourselves to whatever you’d like.”
The house was busy with people coming and going from room to room, getting food, watching TV, solving a puzzle on the coffee table, walking outside by the pool. It was comfortable and casual.
I met Charlie’s dad and grandma, as well as a few of his dad’s co-workers and their families. What made the biggest impression on me was the fact that Charlie and his brother were hanging out with their dad and stepmom, grandma, and all their friends. It was a multifamily, multiethnic, and multigenerational party. 
“I’d like to be a part of this family. I already feel at home,” I thought to myself. 
After midnight, when everyone over 21 left, the real party started. We went in the hot tub, roasted marshmallows over the fire pit, and told ghost stories. Half of the group went out with a video camera to find a haunted house where a lady wanders outside looking for her dead husband. Charlie and I stayed back and talked.  
The group came back with a video of the woman in a white dress coming out of her house, going into her garage, then running back into her front door. Everyone was screaming as Jack replayed the footage over and over. 
Later, Jack asked Charlie to show us a reenactment of how he fell off the banister when he was little. 
“What? What happened?” We all wanted to know.
“Well, first let me show you the teeth marks in the wood floor,” Charlie said. Everyone got down on their hands and knees by the staircase. Sure enough, there was an indentation in the floor that was shaped like front teeth.
“When I was in fourth grade, after my parents’ divorce, my brother and I were home with a babysitter, and we were chasing each other with a rubber snake. I had the snake upstairs, and my brother was downstairs. I leaned over the top to throw the snake at him, and I leaned too far, too fast. I fell face-first, landed on my teeth, and broke my wrist. I should have died, pretty much. My teeth saved me. So ever since fourth grade, I’ve had these false front teeth.”
Jack had his camera ready. “We have to do a re-enactment.” 
Luke directed the photo sequence:
1. Charlie at the top of the stairs
2. Charlie leaning over the banister
3. Charlie falling (with the help of his buddies hanging him over the banister)
4. A close-up of Charlie’s face on the floor
5. A close-up of the teeth marks in the wood
6. Charlie lying in the dead man’s pose on the floor
We were laughing and crying at the same time, making light of something we knew was very serious. The weight of his near-death experience was upon us, and even though we could not stop laughing, we spoke about it with reverence in our hearts. 
“God wanted you alive,” I said, giving Charlie a side hug and leaning my head on his shoulder. 
We decided to take a group shot of all of us on the stairs. I sat next to Charlie. Right before the camera flashed, I linked my arm in his.
At about four in the morning we decided to sleep for two hours before getting ready for the Rose Parade. I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and wash my face. When I came out, the living room was transformed into a huge bed for 15 people and everyone was lying on couches or blankets on the floor. 
“Miriam, turn the lights out,” Jack said. “Let’s try to get a few hours of sleep.” 
I turned off the lights, and the room was dark, except for a night-light in the corner. “Where should I sleep?” I asked, tiptoeing across my sleeping friends. 
“Right here,” Katelyn whispered. I climbed over a few people and landed next to Katelyn on the floor. Charlie was on my right.
For a while, we told dumb jokes and goofed around. Jack steamrolled across everyone who was awake. Then it was Charlie’s turn. 
When the group finally settled down, I lifted my arms over my head and my hand landed directly in Charlie’s hand. 
“Sorry!” I whispered, removing it as fast as I could.
He didn’t say anything.
I tried to be still for a few more minutes. 
“I can’t sleep,” I whispered. “My heart’s beating too fast.”
Very gently, just under his breath, Charlie exhaled the words, “You’re cute.”
Did he really just say that? For a few minutes I toyed with the idea of holding his hand again on purpose. My instinct was in contest with my intellect. No, no. I am not dating anyone, I reminded myself. I don’t even like him that way. I can’t do it.
The next morning I was so glad that I made the right choice, because there was nothing weird between us at the Rose Parade.



Chapter Twenty-Seven
True Love
Second semester started a week later. It would be my final semester in college. Just four more months, and I’d have my bachelor’s degree. 
Even though I was busy reading, writing papers, and working for The Clause, I made time to hang out with my new friends. I remember feeling like I had finally found the sort of friendships that I had been longing for my whole life: friends who made me laugh, included me in everything, and accepted and loved me no matter what. Friends who would never talk behind my back, who were smart and loved to read, and who valued honesty, wisdom, and truth.  
Jenny and I would go to Charlie and Jack’s apartment late at night, and the four of us would joke around, watch movies, and eat spaghetti. Once we stayed up all night giving each other foot massages while trying to figure out a riddle: 
There are two doors guarded by angels. One door leads to hell, and the other leads to heaven. One angel always tells the truth, and the other always lies. You don’t know which door is which nor which angel is which. What is the one question you can ask either angel to be 100 percent certain which is the door to heaven?
“Don’t tell me, don’t tell me! I will figure this out!” Charlie said. He was determined to get the answer, and by morning, after talking through the logic all night long, he got it.
One night I called Charlie to see if he could come over. When I got his voice mail, I realized that it was Wednesday, and he was working with the junior high group at his church. I decided to leave him a message.
“Hey Charlie, it’s Miriam. Just wondering if you want to hang out tonight. Give me a call, OK? Bye!”
Then, just to make him laugh, I called back and repeated the same message two more times. 
He didn’t call me back, but when I arrived at my apartment later, I found Post-It notes all over my bed, my door, the whiteboard, in my shoes—everywhere—saying, “Hey Miriam, call Charlie. He wants to hang out later.”
That night Charlie brought his guitar over to my apartment. He played some songs for my roommates and me, including a new song he was working on called “Goodnight.” It was a slow, emotional song with a country sound. 
Goodnight to my thoughts of you
They’re all I have, my thoughts of you
And I know you won’t stay
I know you won’t stay
I wish I could steal one waltz with you
We’d waltz in rags among flowers
But I know you can’t stay
I know you can’t stay
My roommate Jocelyn knew how to play guitar too, so Charlie taught her the chords to the song. 
“Do you want to learn to play it?” he asked me.
“Sure,” I said. I had tried playing my sister Gretchen’s guitar when I was little, but all I could remember was that it made my fingers hurt.
“Do you know how to play G and C?”
“No. Can you teach me?”
Charlie sat behind me and helped me put the guitar strap over my head and place my fingers correctly on the strings. 
“This is G. This is C. This is D. And you strum with this hand, like this.”
“Wow, it’s a lot easier than I thought.”
From then on, Charlie came over a few nights a week to teach us songs on the guitar. Our favorite was “Goodnight.”
“Teach us the words to the chorus!” Jocelyn begged.
“I’m still working on it,” he said. “Don’t worry, I’ll let you know when it’s done.”
I couldn’t help but wonder if the song was about me. My roommates were convinced it was. 
“He likes you, Miriam,” Jocelyn said later that week. “I’m sure of it. What do you think about him?”
“He is such a great friend. But I’m not attracted to him like that.” 
One night Charlie brought me some chai tea at The Clause office while I was working late. 
“That guy likes you,” my co-workers said after he left. 
“No, he’s just a nice guy. He does stuff like that for everyone.”
“Right.” 
When he gave me a care package before I left for Corpus Christi for an English conference, my sister Anna was convinced as well. 
“What was in the care package?” she asked when we were chatting over the phone.
“Chocolate chip cookies, cookie cutters shaped like Texas and a guitar, ceramic ballet slippers, and a CD with his favorite worship songs.”
“He loves you,” she said. “Do you realize that?”
“Um—what makes you think that he loves me?”
“Miriam! Are you blind?”
One day in February I stopped by his apartment while he was working on an art project. When he opened the door, he had that huge smile on his face. His hands were speckled with paint. 
“What are you working on?”
“It’s just a project I’ve been wanting to make.”
“For class?”
“No, actually, it’s just for fun.”
“Only you, Charlie! No one else does art projects instead of homework. Can I see it?” I asked.
“Sure, come on in.”
He led me to his room and showed me a large colorful painting of a man’s face and a woman’s face, looking at each other. The man was painted in oranges and reds and the woman in blues and greens. The man, who was shorter than the woman, had his hand poised as if to hesitantly touch the woman’s lips.
On Valentine’s Day, I was very surprised to find a letter in my student mailbox. It was written on watercolor paper in brown calligraphy. 
Dearest Miriam, 
I can’t help but think back to my freshman year when we met for the first time in the library. Then I think of the amazing times we have shared together recently. I have seen such a light in your life like no other, and I don’t just say this; I really mean it when I say no other. God is so very powerful and magnificent they say. Well, I have seen him so evidently manifested in your life. You shine with the love of Jesus when you talk, when you just sit and hang out, when you dance around, when you simply walk by sometimes. Because of that very fact I want to tell you that I think you are a beautiful woman. I didn’t know what it was back at the library, but all these things I see now, I saw back then intuitively. Your passion is empowering to me. Your gentleness is humbling to me. And I have to say I sincerely love our friendship. You are very special to me. 
Happy Valentine’s Day, 
Charlie Castagnoli
It was the sweetest letter I had ever gotten in my life.
Charlie and I continued to hang out. We’d run through the sprinklers on the football field at night and stay up late having philosophical conversations. One night at my apartment a few weeks after his grandpa had passed away, he seemed sad and frustrated.
“I don’t believe true love exists,” he announced.
“Is it because your parents are divorced?” I asked.
“No, I think that no matter what a person wants, they can’t control their own heart or the heart of another person. I’m actually writing a story about it.”
“Really? I want to read it! Can I read it?”
“It’s not quite ready yet. It’s a play. There is a simple man who loves an older woman, his best friend, with all his heart. But he knows he can never have her. The woman loves another man, a tall handsome guy, and she marries him. The simple man becomes a missionary and devotes his life to God, never loving another woman. Even though he finds her again when he is old, she doesn’t want him, and he is alone forever.”
“That’s beautiful—and depressing,” I said. “I’ve had my heart broken before, but I still think true love exists.”
“Why?”
“Well, what if love is not about the other person loving you back? What if love is something that shapes us because of what we give, not what we get in return? What if God wants us to love people until it hurts—and then continue to love even more? Or what if love is something that grows? My mom told me that even though she has not always felt love toward my dad, she stayed with him and realized that love is shown in different ways. It is not always a feeling; it becomes something deep. It is something more and more beautiful as time goes on. She said that when people get divorced, they miss out on that aged love, the ‘we made it through the hard times’ kind of love.”
Then I read him two of my favorite quotes from Mother Teresa: “True love is love that causes pain, that hurts, and yet brings joy. That is why we must pray to God and ask him to give us the courage to love.”
The second quote was written on a greeting card I had found at Vroman’s Bookstore: “I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, only more love.”
“That’s a lot to think about,” Charlie said. “But I still don’t believe true love exists—for me.”
“Yes it does, Charlie. Don’t give up yet; you are only 21.”
I decided to write a poem for Charlie and surprise him by printing it in The Westwind Literary Magazine.
It’s OK to feel love for someone
To love patiently
To ache with love
And remain paused
Aching
It brings character
Like suffering always does
Like hovering in the pain
Of loss
Stagnant in divorce
Out of control of others’ souls
Hovering in knowledge of malnourished children
In pain
In pain we remember them
In cowardice we forget them
So pain is OK. Verity comes with pain
And love and joy are more thick and pure,
Shalom more whole
After pain fulfills her purpose
So love, love
Rest there
Expect the ache that makes it patient love
Pause and let the ache be real to you
Until it is no longer a shock
That love would be
So thick
And whole
He responded with another poem, which he left in my student box.
I will love
I will wait
Because the waiting
The suffering
Is necessary
Love
Love twice more and forever
I have touched that love that is beyond pain
And it remains
So thick and whole
I will love
Love twice more and forever
So longingly I love
And it’s waiting love
And it should be
The next week when I was editing the paper, I saw that we were printing an article about dating relationships. Next to the article was a photo of Charlie being pulled in two directions by two female students.
“What the heck is this?” I said out loud.
The caption read, “If only Charlie Castagnoli were 5 inches taller,” and the girls were saying, “I want tall Charlie!” and “No, tall Charlie is mine!”
You girls are stupid! I thought. It’s foolish not to like a guy just because he’s short. I love Charlie just the way he is. 
A few days later I was walking through my apartment, and I had an epiphany. I stood at the kitchen table for a moment and sort of prayed. Someone—maybe it was an angel of God or maybe God himself—whispered a secret to me, and I listened: Whoever marries Charlie will be a lucky girl.
I want to be that lucky girl, I responded. A new respect for Charlie grew in my heart, along with an urgency to make sure that no one else had him but me.



Chapter Twenty-Eight
Goodnight
For spring break, our friends planned a road trip to San Simeon to visit Hearst Castle. Jack, Jenny, and Charlie picked me up at my apartment in the afternoon, and we caravanned behind Luke, his girlfriend Krystal, and a few other friends. 
I sat in the back seat with Charlie. The four of us played the alphabet game and I Spy. 
When it started getting dark and we started getting sleepy, Charlie took out a CD and handed it to me. 
“This is for you,” he said.
“What is it? Can we play it now?”
“Sure, if you want to.” 
Jack took out Zapp & Roger and inserted the new disc. It was a rich and romantic recording of Charlie playing “Goodnight.” I waited with crazy anticipation for the chorus.
Goodnight to my thoughts of you
They’re all I have, my thoughts of you
And I know you won’t stay
I know you won’t stay
I wish I could steal one waltz with you
We’d waltz in rags among flowers
But I know you can’t stay
I know you can’t stay
And, oh, I know you’re the right one ‘cause you’re leavin’
To stay would be the wrong way
Oh, I know you’re the right one ‘cause you’re leavin’
To stay would be the wrong way
I’m listening for something I haven’t said before
Common words are for common hearts
So many should have beens
Too many should have beens
You don’t even know you’re the star
Three wishes, too many; I wish that you were my star
So many could have beens
Too many could have beens
And, oh, I know you’re the right one ‘cause you’re leavin’
To stay would be the wrong way
Oh, I know you’re the right one ‘cause you’re leavin’
To stay would be the wrong way
Goodnight to my thoughts of you
They’re all I have, my thoughts of you
And I know you won’t stay
I know you can’t stay
Charlie’s song ended with tear-jerking minor chords. The car was silent for a moment as we let it sink in. 
I sat with my arms crossed, trying not to assume the song was about me. 
“It’s awesome,” Jack said. “That is a great song.”
Charlie looked right at me. “What do you think?”
“I think it’s beautiful,” I said.
I looked out the window, feeling teased. I remembered the last time a guy played a song for me. It wasn’t about me.
“What’s wrong?” Charlie asked.
“The lyrics—you know, the chorus—it was hard for me to understand.”
“It was?”
“I mean it was hard for me to understand what it was about.”
“It’s about true love,” he said. “It’s like a paradox: the right one is leaving.”
“That’s really cool.”
“So you like it?” he asked.
“Yes,” I smiled. “I love it.”
That night we ate at an obscure pizza parlor. I ordered a salad and sat down at a table by myself. Charlie joined me while he waited for his pizza. 
“You want some salad?” I asked.
“No, that’s OK.”
“Here.” I handed him my fork with an artichoke heart on it. “Here, do you want my heart?” 
He took it and smiled. “No, I can’t take it.” He handed it back.
“Why not?”
“It’s your only one.”
“But I want you to have it. Take it.”
“OK. If you insist.” He laughed. 
Later that night at our motel room, the eight of us took turns in the bathroom to shower and get ready for bed. While Charlie was taking a shower, his friends sneaked in and poured a bucket of ice-cold water over the top. Charlie screamed. 
“That’s our tradition,” Jack said with a huge smile on his face.
Charlie yelled from the bathroom, “You’re next, Jack! You’re next!” 
The next morning we continued driving and then stopped near the beach for lunch. It started drizzling, but we stayed anyway, rolled up our jeans, and ran in the wet sand. The girls wrote “Spring Break” in seashells on the sand and took a picture. The guys kicked the soccer ball around. While walking back to our car, I jumped on Charlie’s back, and he carried me the rest of the way. 
“Aww, look at the lovebirds!” Jenny yelled.
Finally, we made it to our destination: Hearst Castle. Before we toured the castle, we had to take a group photo at the souvenir booth. 
“OK guys, when it’s our turn, we have to walk into the room like this.” Jack showed us this stiff bird walk, kicking his legs in front of him before each step, and we practiced it in the hallway. When they called our group number, we entered the room all crazy and laughing like maniacs. Charlie bought the photo set and gave me the 5x7 copy. Then we took a picture of all of us leaning over a wall that overlooked the ocean. Basically, it was a picture of our butts. 
On our drive home we stopped in Pismo Beach for lunch. Charlie walked with me to get clam chowder from Splash Café, and then I walked with him to a Mexican restaurant to get a burrito. By the time we met up with our friends on the pier, it was crazy windy. Charlie tried to pour water in Jack’s mouth, and the wind blew the water away. The guys tried throwing the Frisbee around, but it just blew into the sand.
Last, we stopped in Santa Barbara for a stretch. Charlie and I walked along Stearn’s Wharf together. Jack took a picture of Charlie and me looking over the railing to the horizon. Then Charlie went to a nearby cliff and began to quickly draw the bluffs in his sketchbook.
It was the Wednesday before Easter when we arrived back on campus. Everyone headed home except for Charlie and me.
“Hey, we should hang out tomorrow, you know, since we will both be in town,” I said when Charlie dropped me off at my apartment.
“I was thinking the same thing,” he said.
“Do you want to go hiking tomorrow?” I asked. “I feel like I need some exercise after sitting in the car all day.”
“Yeah. I’ll come by at 8.”
“How about 10? I am not a morning person.” 
“Sounds good. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He arrived right on time. While we were hiking, Charlie told me about his family and his Italian and Mexican heritage. He told me about his grandfather. 
“He was the anchor for our family,” Charlie said. “He and my grandma. When my parents got divorced, my grandparents were the only intact family I felt a part of. I would go to their house and eat a home-cooked meal around the table. My grandma—she’s an amazing cook. I can’t believe that my grandpa is gone, and she’s living alone now. My grandparents had their rough times too. My grandpa fought in World War II, and I guess he had a mistress before he was married. He had a child with this mistress, but he didn’t know it. When my grandma found out about it—she found a letter in the mail from the other woman—she burned the letter before he ever saw it. She felt bad and finally told him about his child. She also told us how she cheated on my grandpa and left him for a while, taking her kids with her. But then she came back—he took her back. He was that kind of man. He would do anything to work it out. He loved her so much.”
We walked uphill for a little bit, and then he told me more.
“When my parents got divorced, it was my mom who left my dad. She moved to Nevada for a while, but she didn’t take us with her. Then my dad started dating someone he met online, and he got her pregnant. Suddenly, we had a stepmom and a stepsister. It was so weird. We were like, ‘Who are you guys? Why are you living in our house? Why are you sleeping in my mom’s bed? You want us to call you mom? No, we have a mom.’ Our house became their house. One time when we were fighting, they locked us out of our own house. My brother and I were inseparable after that. We only had each other and my grandparents.”
“I’m so sorry.” 
“My childhood—before the divorce—was like a dream. It wasn’t real. Boat trips, camping trips, holidays—they’re all fiction. They’re memories of a family that doesn’t exist. Do you know what divorce is like? It’s like suicide. To the kids, the parent is gone. It’s like they chose to kill themselves. You miss them and want them back so bad. But then, suddenly, you see them at a restaurant or driving down the street with another person, with someone else’s kids. And it hurts worse because they chose to kill their life with you but go on living a life with someone else. And then they want you to pretend that their life is better than the one you started with. They want you to be happy for them. And you are, because you want them to be happy. You want your parents to be happy. But it’s so wrong to have to pretend that you are happy too. How can you be happy when you are grieving the suicide of your parent? The suicide of the love between the two people who created you? The death of your own identity?”
I was quiet. My heart hurt for him, and I had to wipe the tears from my eyes.
“It makes sense to me now,” I said. “You know, how you have a hard time believing in true love.”
“It is so hard to say goodbye to my grandfather. He is such a good man—was such a good man.”
“So where is home for you? At your dad’s house? Your grandma’s house?”
“I’m Jack and Luke’s roommate right now.”
I laughed. “Isn’t that the truth! You guys are like brothers.”
“And I’m God’s child. I try to treat everyone like family. When I have my own family—then I will have a home.”
We trekked a bit further in silence.
“Tell me about your family,” he said. 
“Well, my dad is German, and my mom is Italian.”
Charlie stopped. “No. You are Italian too?”
“Yes!”
“Have you ever made your own pasta?” 
“Of course. I grew up eating spaghetti.”
“No, I mean have you made your own pasta noodles?”
“From scratch? Can you even do that?”
“That’s it. Tonight we are making pasta noodles. I have a pasta maker. It’s so easy. I’ll show you how. You just mix the ingredients and run it through the press like play dough. The noodles dry overnight and then they are ready to cook.”
“That sounds fun! Let’s do it.”
We continued hiking and talking about our families. When we got to the top of the hill, I gave him a big hug. 
“Thank you for hiking with me,” I said. “And thank you for telling me about your family. You know, when my parents used to fight a lot, my sister Anna and I would tell them to get divorced. Then they would laugh at us. We didn’t even know what we were saying. All we knew was that it seemed like everyone’s parents were divorced.”
“What you meant was ‘stop fighting,’ ” Charlie said. “Treat each other well.”
“You’re right. But those words never seemed to get their attention.”
Soon we jogged back down the hill. It started to drizzle. We went faster so we could make it down before it got too slippery. 
Charlie met me at my apartment later that afternoon with a bag full of surprises. He had an Atlas Pasta Machine that could roll out different pasta shapes. He also brought Italian rolls, capocollo, mozzarella, and Italian cookies with pine nuts on top. 
We spent the rest of the evening making long pasta noodles—which was kind of hard to do—and arranging the noodles on wax paper to dry overnight.  
“We’ll cook it tomorrow,” Charlie said. “You’ll be here, right?”
“Yes. I can’t wait.”
The next day was Good Friday. I called my mom to get her tomato sauce and garlic bread recipes. Even though I had watched my mom make spaghetti sauce a million times, I had never done it on my own. But how hard could it be?
By the time Charlie came over to cook the pasta, I had the sauce simmering on the stove and the garlic bread ready to go in the oven. Charlie mixed a salad with Italian dressing. He had also made tiramisu. While the pasta noodles boiled, we set up a camera and took pictures of ourselves in the kitchen wearing aprons. 
The food smelled delicious, and when everything was finally ready, we took off our aprons and sat down to eat. 
“Wait,” Charlie said. “You’re going to love this.”
He turned on the song “Bella Notte” from Lady and the Tramp. 
“It’s perfect!” I said.
We held hands and prayed and thanked God for the food and for each other. Then we started eating.
I wish I could say the food was perfect. It was terrible. The noodles were too thick and grainy, the sauce tasted like straight tomato paste, and the garlic bread was wet with too much butter. But we just laughed and ate it anyway. 
After some delicious tiramisu, we talked for a little bit, cleaned up, and moved into the living room. Charlie sat down on the couch. 
In a split second I made a decision to do something crazy. I sat on his lap. 
I wrapped my arms around his neck and looked at him. His eyes were wide, looking straight ahead. 
Suddenly, the line I had crossed was evident to both of us.
“I told myself I wasn’t going to like anybody!” I said playfully.
He was quiet for a minute, and we sat together in comfortable awkwardness.
“Do I need to say something?” he asked.
“No.”
“I want to.” He looked straight into my eyes. He paused. 
“I love you,” he said.
“You do?” I asked, even though I knew it was true.
“Yes. I do.”
“And you know I love you.”
“Yes.”
He continued to look into my eyes. “I want to know you for the rest of my life. Wherever you go in life, I just want to know who you are forever.”
I smiled and gave him a squeeze, my arms still around his neck. “Your song—‘Goodnight’—is it about me? Leaving for Vancouver?”
“Of course.”
“I can’t believe I’m leaving.”
We held each other there for a while longer. Then I got worried that I was too heavy, and I got off his lap and leaned back on the sofa, away from him. He came back to me, leaned over, and placed his hand on the side of my face. Then he very gently brushed his lips across my forehead, back and forth. I closed my eyes. It was like a dream. I could have stayed in that moment forever.
Very slowly, his lips brushed back and forth down my right cheek. When he got close to my lips, he stopped, went back up to my forehead, and then slowly brushed his lips back and forth down my left cheek. It was like he loved every inch of me, every part of my face, with a tender, respectful, patient love. When he got close to my lips, he stopped again. 
“You are the best,” he whispered. “I don’t care if I get to have you or not. I just love you.”
He left me on the couch by myself, went into the bedroom, and came back with a guitar. Charlie sat on the ground next to me with Jocelyn’s guitar and wrote a song. I closed my eyes and listened to his perfect voice, falling asleep as he sang. 
Heavenly…
I have the feeling this isn’t the last time that I’ll see you
Maybe twice; maybe more; maybe forever
But as for now I’ll watch you fall asleep once more
It’s heavenly being here now with you
I have the feeling this isn’t the last time that I’ll touch you
You’re lips are smiling, even when you’re asleep
But as for now I’ll let you fall asleep once more
It’s heavenly being here now with you
Then he kissed my hand, put it to his nose and on his cheek, whispered goodnight, and left.



Chapter Twenty-Nine
Surprise
I woke up the next morning wondering if it had been a dream. No. It was real. He loved me—just like everyone said.
I went through my day trying to make sure I wasn’t going to change my mind about him. Physically, he was not the husband I imagined for myself. But on the inside, he was exactly the guy I wanted: a caring, funny, family-oriented guy who loved God and loved me. I could see by his friendships that he treated people well, and he was well loved. He put others before himself. He made wise choices. He was great with kids. He was easygoing and forgiving. He was perfect—for me. He complemented who I was on the inside. 
After Easter, when we told our friends what had transpired, they said they already knew we would get together. They were just waiting for the day. 
When the news of our relationship spread around campus, a few people were uneasy about it. Tyler approached me one day after chapel. He got in my face and looked me straight in the eyes. “Stay away from Charlie!” he said with a half-smile. “Leave him alone!” I laughed as he abruptly walked away. What was that about? I wondered. 
Tyler must have thought that I would hurt Charlie. I realized that Tyler didn’t know that I had changed. The Miriam from freshman year was a different person, one who was immature, shallow, and a tease. Charlie was with a new Miriam, a person who knew how to love and respect others and herself. 
Another friend of Charlie’s named Niki, one of the other girls who had made him a birthday cake, interrogated my roommates to make sure I wasn’t going to hurt him. Jocelyn assured her that my feelings were sincere. I guess my reputation had spread throughout the campus in four years.
Just wait. I’ll show you all. I’ll stay with Charlie. I won’t hurt him. I’ll marry him. 
The next weekend, Charlie met my family. My mom, who was always hesitant about who her daughters dated, didn’t warm up to him right away. 
“So Miriam tells me you are Italian,” my mom groaned. 
“Yes. You are, too, right? So we already have something in common,” Charlie said, smiling.
“I know how Italian men can be,” she barked. “Controlling, demanding, selfish.”
“Well, I’m sorry that has been your experience. I hope to prove you wrong,” Charlie said.
“Humph.”
She went back to the kitchen to finish preparing dinner. When I walked in to ask her if she needed any help, she pulled me into the kitchen with her and started whispering.
“He’s shorter than you,” she said. “You know that can make intimate times impossible. You won’t fit together.”
“Mom, that is a lie, and I’m not listening to you.”
“I’m trying to help you by letting you know ahead of time, before you get serious.”
I walked away from her and sat down next to Charlie at the dinner table. I would not let the teeth of discouragement sink in. 
Charlie slept downstairs on my parent’s couch that night, and the next morning my mom and I cooked pancakes for him. She was in a better mood; the alter ego Bitter Witch was gone, and Sweet Hostess was back.
After breakfast, Charlie and I went for a walk around the neighborhood. We were walking and talking, and he mentioned something about Bianca that I had never told him before, something like the name of the street her parents lived on. 
“How did you know that?” I asked. Suddenly, I remembered the first time Charlie visited my apartment, he had picked up a photo of Bianca and said she had beautiful eyes; I had been stricken with jealousy.
He brushed it off; but I stopped short. “When did you talk to her?” 
“It must have been in an email.”
“You two have been emailing? How did you get her email if I didn’t give it to you?”
“I just got it at some point.”
“That’s so not cool. You should have asked me first.”
“It didn’t seem like a big deal.”
“The big deal is that neither of you have ever mentioned it to me.”
I walked ahead of him, and he jogged to catch up to me.
“You’re mad.”
“Yes. This is bad; this is really bad.”
“Please believe me when I tell you it’s not bad.”
“I need you to leave. I’m sorry, but this is it. I don’t put up with this crap from guys.” 
“Miriam …”
I walked ahead and ignored him.
“Fine.”
I kept walking, wiping my tears.
“You are serious? This is really it?” he called.
He let me go a bit further. 
Then he yelled out the truth.
“We are planning a surprise for you! A going away party! For you, Miriam!”
As soon as he said it, everything made sense. 
“What? Really?” I whipped around and cried out with a huge smile, “Really? No one has ever thrown me a surprise party! Never in my life.” I ran back to him and took his hand. “I’m such a jerk!” I felt like dirt, but I was so happy I was wrong.
“Now look, you made me ruin the surprise.”
“I am so sorry!” I wiped my cheek with my wrist. “But I don’t mind; I hate surprises.”
“I love surprises,” he said. “And now you know I was planning one for you.”
“You really do love me, don’t you?”
“You know I do.”
The surprise party was at Bianca’s parents’ house in Shadow Hills, and Charlie had made tiramisu and chocolate-dipped strawberries. Bianca made a spaghetti dinner, and all my roommates and friends were there, as well as my parents and sisters. It was the most intentional celebration anyone had ever put together, just for me. 
Charlie sat with my family at my graduation. He brought yellow and pink roses from his grandmother’s garden, and he gave them to me after the ceremony. I still remember how wonderful they smelled. Back at our apartment, Jocelyn took a side profile picture of me smelling the roses and another picture of me on the floor with my head surrounded by a rainbow of all the books she had watched me read all semester for my C.S. Lewis class.
I graduated magna cum laude, as an honors scholar and a centennial scholar, and president of the campus chapter of the Sigma Tao Delta English Honor Society. I earned my bachelor’s degree in English with an emphasis in education.



Chapter Thirty
Running Away
I decided to move to San Diego with Bianca instead of moving back with my parents. I only had three weeks before I left for Vancouver, and I knew that it would probably be the last and only time I would ever get to live with Bianca. She worked as a waitress at an Italian café, and she helped me get a temporary job as a hostess there.
Charlie came to visit us over the weekend. We were staying in a small apartment on the beach with a loft. One night after Bianca fell asleep, Charlie and I stayed up talking and praying. We held hands in intimate prayer. I felt so close to him and God.
“I really want to kiss you,” Charlie said after we prayed.
“I want to kiss you too!” I said. “But I can’t. If I kiss you now, and then I have to leave for Vancouver, I will just die! I will miss you so much. Let’s just wait. I have committed to God that I won’t kiss any guy until my wedding day. You know that.”
“I know. I will respect you. I love you.” He gave me a big hug. “I don’t want to make any mistakes either. You are too important to me.” We said goodnight, and I went upstairs alone to go to sleep. He stayed downstairs and slept on the sofa. 
The next night, Bianca fell asleep on the sofa downstairs, and Charlie and I stayed up talking upstairs in the loft. 
“I have a confession to make,” he told me. “I’ve been thinking and praying about it, and I have to tell you the truth about me. If I don’t, if I’m not totally honest with you, then I don’t deserve you.”
“OK, tell me then.” I started thinking of all the terrible things it could be.
“I …”
He started tugging at his eyebrows. We were sitting on the bed, about a foot apart, but I didn’t move. 
“First of all, I had a girlfriend my sophomore year of high school,” he said in a shaky voice. “And we made some bad choices.”
“What? You never told me about this!”
“I’m trying to tell you now.”
I tried to keep my mouth shut so I could listen. It was a while before he went on.
“We didn’t have sex,” he said. “But we did do other things.”
Whoever this girl was, I hated her with all my heart and soul. My ankle started jittering.
He told me what they did, and I almost threw up. I crossed my arms and bit my lips until they bled. I never knew another person’s choices could affect me so much. I was aching in my guts.
“I’m so sorry!” he cried, and I was stone cold as he wept. “I’m ruined, Miriam!”
That was not all. He had to tell me everything.
“After she cheated on me with a few different guys, we broke up. I was so lonely and confused, I started looking at a lot of pornography.”
He glanced at me to see my reaction. I was frowning and looking away. At that point, nothing he could say would make things better or worse. The truth was the truth. It was spilled there in front of me, and I had to look at it.
It was like being in hell. 
Where are you God? Where were you when all of this was going on in Charlie’s life? Is this my future husband? Could he be, with all of these mistakes and sins? This is bad.
Tears were the only words I had for Charlie. I couldn’t rationalize anything that night. I was too emotional. 
“I’m ruined,” he said again, his head sunken into his hands.
“Get out. Leave,” I said. I crossed my arms and looked away.
He left the apartment. I heard the door shut behind him.
I prayed, cried, and wrote in my journal, trying to understand how I was supposed to handle the information. I was shaking, but I had to write it out. 
He didn’t have a change of clothes. He felt sweaty, dirty, and he wanted to change his shirt. He sat downstairs in the purple velvet chair and leaned over, heaving, exposed and ashamed. He looked at his hands and remembered how dirty they once were. How he wanted to cut them off; but first he would have ripped out his eyes. 
He was ruined. Ruined. 
But it was right that he told her everything. All of his dirty past. So she knew him. She had seen him at his worst, how he had lived obeying his carnal desires, pleasing himself with this and that, her and her. 
Upstairs, his girlfriend lay on her back on the floor with her eyes closed and her arms in the air, asking for something from God. It was more than she could understand, more than she could handle. She was still shaking. The cold air came through the window and she trembled, ultra aware of her skin, her humanity.
His words had chilled and sickened her body. She convulsed over and over at the words he had said to her. Why those words? Fear of him shook her. Who was this man that she loved? 
“I can’t touch you,” he had said. “I don’t deserve to touch you.”
“I don’t want you to touch me!” 
So he had gone downstairs so she could think alone. He walked outside in the beach air and prayed and cried out to God. Would he lose her? 
He walked back to the apartment and sank into the chair, wishing he had brought clothes to change into. He stared. His red eyes leaked onto his hands. He waited. 
Then, knowing that somehow he was a new creation in Christ, free from his past, he stood, pulled his shirt over his head, folded it, and set it on the purple velvet chair. Then he took the white blanket she had left for him and wrapped it over his whole body like a cocoon on the floor. He lay still, listened, and fell asleep. 
The next morning I leaned over the railing to see if he was still there. He was on the couch having a cup of coffee, talking to Bianca as if nothing had happened. 
When Bianca went to work, Charlie and I talked.
“Listen,” I said. “I love you no matter what. But I need to know that you have changed. I need to know that you don’t do that stuff anymore.”
“It’s in my past,” he said. “It’s gone.”
“You don’t have feelings for her anymore?”
“No. Not at all.”
“You don’t look at porn anymore?” I could hardly say the word.
“No.”
“Thank God!”
He got down on his knees on the floor in front of me. 
“Can I hold your hands?” he asked. 
We held hands, and he put his nose to my knees. 
“Thank you for forgiving me.” He looked at me with loving tears in his eyes. 
“I do forgive you,” I said. “I believe you when you say you’ve changed. I know you are honest and genuine. I know you belong to God. I have been praying for you—for my future husband—my whole life. And I know God is strong enough to make you whole again.” I hugged him.
While I was in the kitchen cooking eggs for breakfast, he picked up his guitar and started playing. Then he started singing. 
Let’s talk about runnin’ away
Let’s talk about gettin’ away
I want to fly down a highway with nowhere to go but tomorrow
Stop and dance with the daisies, run in fields and play
Let’s talk about bein’ free
Let’s talk about you comin’ with me
I want to take you where you’ve never been, be alone in this world
Settle down with you and raise a family
They’re talkin’ ‘bout stayin’ here
They’re talkin’ ‘bout the politics of fear
Now you know that I can’t stand the crime and the noise
And this ain’t no place to raise
our two little girls and our little boy
Let’s talk about movin’ on
Let’s talk about gettin’ lost
I want to build our house on the rock away from the city
I’ll hold you watchin’ sunsets, kiss you ‘til the early morn
“Who is that song about?” I called from the kitchen.
“My wife,” he said.
“Will you teach it to me?”
“Sure.”
After breakfast Charlie taught me the chords. It was a simple song, similar to “Goodnight.” 
While I sat with the guitar and pick in my hands, Charlie crossed his arms.
“You have to take my guitar to Vancouver.”
“No way.”
“You have to. You need it,” he said.
“What about you? You love to play. You love to write songs.”
“I can use Luke’s if I need one. Really, I insist.”
“OK. If you insist,” I smiled.



Chapter Thirty-One
So I’m American
While I was staying at Bianca’s apartment, I booked my flight to Vancouver, British Colombia. It was the first time I had booked my own airplane flight. I was so nervous to move to another country for a year. I didn’t know a single person there.
On the first of July, terrified, I flew Air Canada to the Richmond airport. My first impression of Canada was good; even the airport was breathtaking—huge totem poles and aboriginal art, trees, and fountains. All the signs were in French and English. I collected my luggage and followed the crowd to the exit. Two women wearing Urban Promise Ministries T-shirts walked up to me and said, “Are you Miriam?” They were holding the tiny picture of me that I had mailed in with my intern application. Their names were Sophia and Liz, and they drove me back to the intern house in East Vancouver. 
My first day in Canada was overwhelming. I dropped off my luggage at the parish where the Urban Promise interns stay for the summer. It was a large five-bedroom house behind a church. It had a large kitchen, a green backyard, and a huge basement.
It also had a large pile of shoes by the front door. “Should I take off my shoes?” I asked. 
“You are in Canada now! No shoes in the house!” Liz said.
I took a quick look at my new bed in the small upstairs bedroom, and then my hosts said, “Well, are you ready to go?” 
“Where?” I asked, wishing I could take a nap. 
“We want to show you around the town!” 
I tagged along on some Urban Promise errands—visiting an elementary school, turning in paperwork, saying hi to a few students. Then we picked up another intern, Will, who was visiting a friend down the street. 
“Should we get some ice cream?” Sophia asked with a grin. She drove to an ice cream parlor down the street, called King Gelato. “Over 200 Flavors,” the sign boasted.  
“We get to choose your first two samples,” Sophia said. “Then you can try whatever you want.” Before I figured out the joke, I had a spoonful of garlic ice cream in my mouth. I screamed.
“Eew! That is just gross! Does Will have to try it too?”
“I had my initiation last summer,” he laughed.
“Here, try this one, it’s not so bad. This is your last one, then we’ll buy you a cone.” 
“What is it?”
“It’s called durian. It’s a Chinese fruit.” 
Even though it was cold, it tasted like a garbage can that had been sitting in the sun for weeks. I wasn’t sure I could eat anything after that. But I had to get the taste out of my mouth. I ended up ordering a soy chocolate ice cream cone, and it was delicious. 
By that time, evening was approaching, and I learned that it was Canada Day. 
“Tonight we will take you guys downtown, get some dinner, and celebrate Canada Day.”
“Are we going to stop at the parish first so I can get my purse?”
“You don’t need it.”
I felt so lost. I didn’t have any Canadian money, and I didn’t have my wallet or my driver’s license with me. We headed straight for the Skytrain station. The Skytrain was like the Monorail at Disneyland, a train that ran on a track above the city. It was one of the major sources of transportation in Vancouver, and it was crowded with drunk people who were already celebrating the holiday.
“It’s not usually this crowded,” Sophia yelled to me from across the train car. I was standing and holding a ceiling bar, pressed in between two large drunk men, who were wearing cowboy hats and shouting at each other.
“Americans!” Liz said under her breath as we exited the Skytrain. 
“How do you know they are Americans?” I was offended.
“I just know!” 
The rest of the night was filled with more drunk people walking the streets downtown. On one corner, two men started punching each other in the middle of a large crowd of people. On another corner, I saw a man wearing a shirt that said “I Hate Bush.” I saw more red maple leaves than I had ever seen in my life. People had them tattooed on their arms and shoulders, drawn on their faces, ironed onto their bags and clothes. I was in a large city in another country. It was so weird. I didn’t expect it to be so different because they spoke English and they were in the same time zone. But it was inner-city culture mixed with Canadian culture mixed with every ethnic culture all in one place. I had never seen so much diversity. It was very cool and very different—and it made me feel small. 
We made it back to the intern house in one piece, and for the next two weeks, our team bonded together nicely. There were eight of us, four of us from the States. We learned pretty quickly that we needed to try to be un-American in certain ways, because the stereotypical American is rude, selfish, unfriendly, wasteful, and overly patriotic. We couldn’t throw away any piece of trash that could be recycled. We couldn’t say our “A’s” with a twang. We couldn’t talk too loudly or wear our shoes in the house. And we could not wear too much red, white, and blue. 
Will and I were co-directors of the Camp Peace summer day camp. We had 115 kids and about 12 leaders in the basement of a church. If I were a kid, I would have loved that camp. Songs, cooking, science, Bible, crafts, and weekly field trips. But as a director, a typical day at Camp Peace involved things like cooking 150 grilled cheese sandwiches (which means buttering 300 slices of bread), mopping up a flooded basement, herding 115 children to Trout Lake, playing tag in the sun, and herding them back to camp, and then another few hours teaching a craft or art project.
After one summer of directing camp in Canada, I came home to California exhausted. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to go back for the entire year, like I had originally planned. I missed my family and Charlie when I was gone. I missed going with Charlie to get homemade pumpkin pie ice cream, soy of course, from Nana’s, the ice cream shop in Azusa. I missed California more than I expected, and in fact, I missed living in my own country. I didn’t want to be a foreigner anymore. Strangely, I also missed living near Mexico, with the foods and Spanish language that I was used to. I wanted to be somewhere that felt like home. But where was home? Was it with Bianca? At APU? At my parents’ house? Or in Vancouver? Could I ever feel accepted for who I was while I was living in Canada?
I was so displaced. I talked about it with Kelly one afternoon when we met up for coffee. 
“I don’t think I will ever go back to Vancouver,” I told Kelly. “The ministry is too grassroots for me. We had too little funding, few resources. It was too difficult. I was stretched so thin. And I felt judged whenever someone found out I was American. I don’t think I could handle staying there for a whole year. So I don’t think I will ever go back.”
“You can’t say that!” Kelly rebuked me. “You don’t know what God could do in your life during that year. Don’t ever say, ‘I will never do that.’ Because if it’s God’s will for your life, you have to do it.”
I stared at her. 
“You’re right,” I said.
God did some work in my heart, and by the end of my break, I decided to commit to the year-round program with Urban Promise. 
In September I took a shuttle to LAX before the sun came up. I brought Charlie’s guitar as my carry-on item. Once I was on the plane, I gently shoved the guitar in the overhead compartment. I sat in my seat and tried to relax. I was still new at flying. The takeoff and landing always made me nervous. All I could do was pray for safety.
We were supposed to take off at 7 o’clock, and it was 7:05 a.m. The passengers were getting antsy. Suddenly, we heard an announcement over the loudspeaker: “There has been a national crisis, and this flight may be cancelled. We are waiting for clearance.”
“What the heck?” We waited for five more minutes, wondering what they meant by national crisis. A guy a few seats in front of me looked at his watch and grumbled, “I thought this might happen. On my way here I heard that a plane hit a tower in New York this morning.” 
The people around me were muttering and questioning what was going on. Finally, the announcement came: “All flights are cancelled.  Please exit the plane and wait for further information.” Everyone groaned. 
After exiting the plane, I lugged the guitar over to the baggage claim and picked up my rolling suitcase and duffel. Then I dragged everything over to the food court. We crowded around TV sets and watched the news. A plane full of passengers had hit the north tower of the World Trade Center in New York City. It was on fire. The south tower, hit 18 minutes after the first, had already crumbled to the ground. The footage was shaky, and the journalists were nervous and in tears.   
“President Bush announced that this is an ‘apparent terrorist attack …’ ” 
Then we gasped as live footage showed the north tower crumble like an enormous smoking ash castle filled with people. Our hands were over our mouths.
“Jesus.” 
“God have mercy.” 
My cell phone had no service. I ran to a payphone to call Charlie; he didn’t answer. I called my parents’ house, and my mom answered.
“Hello? Miriam, are you OK?” I had never been so relieved and thankful to hear her voice. “Are you on a plane?”
“No, I’m here at LAX. All flights are cancelled.”
“This is bad; this is really bad. Did you hear what happened? I mean, did you see it?”
“Yes. I can’t believe it.” 
“Oh God!”
“Is Dad there? Can I talk to Dad?”
“Hold on.”
“Miriam?” My dad’s voice sounded strong. “Do you need me to come get you?” 
“I don’t know! I don’t know what’s going on! They said it might just be a delay. But another guy said we might have to evacuate.”
“Give me a call and let me know.”
“OK. I love you Dad.”
“I love you too,” he said.
I waited, watching the news. Both of the planes that had crashed were en route to LAX. Another plane had crashed into the Pentagon, also en route to LAX. Men and women around me had tears in their eyes, and I wanted to wail out of sorrow, fear, and confusion.
Finally, just after 9 o’clock, we heard the announcement. “Please evacuate the Los Angeles Airport. Please exit the building and proceed to the airport buses.”
I didn’t have any time to call my dad back. Soon all the lights shut off, and airport workers hurried everyone outside, telling us to follow the crowd ahead of us. With the guitar in one hand and two heavy bags in the other, I was slower than most people, and the walk felt like a mile.
“Where are they are taking us?” I asked someone in uniform. I was almost in tears.
“Remote Lot B. Keep moving!”
That didn’t sound reassuring at all. How would my dad find me?
It was a while before I pushed my way onto a crowded bus. As we drove to Remote Lot B, the people on the bus were extra polite and supportive of each other. The ride was almost silent. Not one person complained. Only a few people shared expressions of gratitude.
I noticed that the woman sitting behind me had no luggage, and an airport worker accompanied her. They spoke in solemn whispers. The worker’s nametag read “Counselor.” I wondered if the woman had come to the airport to pick up a family member who would never return home. 
The bus stopped at an intersection. I glanced out the window and saw my parents’ brown car on the other side of the street. I stood up so I could see if it was really them. Then I saw, on the edge of the road, my dad talking to a police officer. 
“Dad! Dad, it’s me! Dad!” I yelled out the bus window as loud as I could. He didn’t hear me. So I started to cry as our bus started up and turned the corner. 
“Don’t worry, he’ll find you,” said the man sitting next to me. I looked into his kind eyes and trusted that he was right. 
We all sat in silence for another 15 minutes. When we pulled into the Remote Lot B, I could see that it was just a huge empty parking lot—nothing to be scared of. And the man was right. My dad was already there, waiting for me. Dad helped me unload my luggage from the bus and carry it to the car. Then I gave him a big hug. He was my hero.
“Thank you, Dad! Thanks for coming to get me.”
We stayed around for a while just in case anyone else needed a ride. Then we stopped for lunch, drove home, and watched the news for the rest of the day. 
God protected me on September 11th, but thousands of people died that day. Young people, like me, lost their moms, dads, brothers, sisters, fiancées. 
Our nation was humbled, and our leaders were brought low. Was God judging our country? How could he let this happen? Survivors asked, “Why am I alive?”
The following day, young men and women enlisted in the armed forces to stand up for the United States. One college student in my town taped a banner to his car that said “F--- Terrorists.” American flags waved from car windows and rooftops. The attack was a wake-up call that Americans would never forget. 
All flights were cancelled for days. I called Sophia and told her that I wouldn’t be able to fly for another week or so. I couldn’t imagine getting on a plane again. The only fact that pacified me was that I would be flying on a Canadian airline.



Chapter Thirty-Two
Funeral
The good part about being home for another week was that I was able to spend more time with Charlie. He had just started his sixth semester at APU. He drove to Burbank to see me, and we had a picnic at my favorite park.   
“I got a phone call today,” he said. “One of my friends from high school was in a car accident. She was thrown out of the car, and she didn’t make it. Her name was Rae. Did I ever tell you about her? We were pretty good friends. We went to Winter Ball together.” His voice was shaky.
“I’m so sorry,” I said.
“Her mom called me today and asked if I would speak at her memorial service. But I don’t know what I would say.”
“You should do it. If her family wants you to, you should do it.”
“I’m considering using the story of Elisha and Elijah. I thought I might talk about losing a friend but gaining a portion of his spirit.”
Charlie opened up his Bible to II Kings and showed me the passage where Elijah is taken up to heaven. 
“I think it’s perfect,” I said.
“Will you go with me? It’s going to be one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do. I want to be able to look out into the crowd and see your face.”
“Of course I’ll go.”
I didn’t know anyone at the funeral except for Charlie’s dad and stepmom, so I sat with them. Charlie sat in the front row and led the crowd—which was overflowing the sanctuary—in song, prayer, and a moment of silence. After giving the family members a chance to speak, Charlie got up and shared the story of Elisha and Elijah. Then he talked about Rae’s spirit and how he wanted to ask God for a double portion of her joyful spirit. Everyone in the room was crying. 
At the reception Rae’s mom called Charlie aside.
“Follow me,” she said, and she led us inside her house. 
She brought us to Rae’s room and dug through a box of photos.
“Here it is,” she said. “Charlie, this is for you.”  It was a framed picture of him and Rae at Winter Ball. Rae was a tall, beautiful brunette with a smile like Julia Roberts.
“Thank you,” he said. “This is really special.”
Her mom left, and Charlie and I stood there for a few moments in silence, looking at everything in her room: clothes, shoes, stuffed animals, framed pictures of her and her boyfriend, soccer trophies. Then we held hands and slowly exited the house. 
When we stepped outside, we ran into a girl from Charlie’s high school. She looked like a cartoon character, short and skinny, with dark circles under her eyes. She was holding a bottle of beer. 
“How are you, Charliebear!” she said, giving him a big hug. 
“Good. I haven’t seen you in a while. How is everything?”
“Great. Is this your girlfriend?” 
“Yes, this is my girlfriend Miriam.”
“Hi, I’m Bianca,” she said, putting her arms around my neck and giving me a big hug.
Then I knew who she was. Charlie’s ex-girlfriend had the same name as my best friend.
“It’s nice to meet you,” I said, glancing sideways at Charlie. 
“She’s beautiful,” Bianca told Charlie, as if I weren’t standing right there. 
“I know,” he smiled.
We chatted for a few minutes, and then she trotted back to her group of friends.  
While I wanted to hate her because of how she had hurt Charlie, I couldn’t help liking her because she was so sweet to me. She was a nice girl. It was obvious that she and Charlie were on different paths, not meant to merge again—which helped me slowly forget about what happened between them.
A few days later I had to say goodbye to Charlie for the third time. I flew safely to Vancouver and began a year of service, spiritual growth, and loneliness.



Chapter Thirty-Three
Vancouver
I had my own room in the intern house I shared with Sophia and two other women. We spent our mornings volunteering in the local elementary schools, meeting with mentors, and exploring the city.
Every afternoon I went to the local school and picked up 20 kids, ages 6 to 12, and walked them back to the church for the after-school program. Sophia and I gave the kids a snack and helped them with their homework. Then we led art projects, games, and singing. By 6 o’clock, the kids went home and we cleaned up the camp.
One little boy in grade three made a strong impression on me the first time I met him. Quentin pounded on the door of the church, yelling, “Open the stupid door!” When I opened it, he screamed “Bye!” to his bus driver, slammed the door, turned, punched me in the stomach without even looking to see who I was, and ran down the stairs to the basement. 
Of course, he eventually became my favorite kid at camp. I learned that if I gave him a hug or a pat on the shoulder, he would calm down and not inflict pain on me or any of the other children. Sophia and I also learned that if we fed the kids fresh fruit—apples, oranges, and bananas—right after school, they behaved much better during camp. 
One day, Sophia and I heard Quentin and a little girl talking underneath a table. 
“Touch it!” he said to the little girl.
“Eew, no!” she said.
“No really, touch it! Look it’s hard!”
“No, Quentin!”
Sophia rushed over. “What are you guys doing under there?” she demanded.
“Look, Sophia!” he exclaimed. “There’s gum under here!”
He had been talking about the hard gum that was glued to the underside of the table. Sophia and I looked at each other and laughed, and promised that one of us would have to put that story in a book one day. 
My evening activities were the most relaxing part of each day.
Monday: Hip-hop class at a dance studio in Richmond
Tuesday: Office work (stuffing envelopes and editing newsletters) and Bible study in Surrey
Wednesday: Bible Buddies, a discipleship group with four 10-year-old girls 
Thursday: Out of the Cold, a dinner for the homeless at a local church
Friday: Dinner with Rose, my Vancouver “mom”
Saturday: Chores, laundry, and sightseeing
Sunday: Church and lesson plans for the week ahead
I longed for the easy days of going to class and doing homework. College could never have prepared me for this life. Directing the summer camp had been nonstop work, as well as a lesson in loneliness and displacement. I had chosen to leave my boyfriend, my family, and my country to be in Vancouver, but I didn’t know exactly why. While I had hugs from the kids every day and a lot of love and support from the directors and leaders in the ministry, there was no one who really knew me. I missed my friends. I missed Charlie’s touch and his sparkling brown eyes. I missed my mom and dad and my mom’s cooking. 
In my isolation, I felt a sense of poverty—of spirit, emotion, and community. I found myself looking for little sanctuaries: small, ordinary things that brought me joy and hope. The first simple thing I had to do each morning was make my bed. I sang, “Lord, prepare for me a sanctuary,” as I tucked the sheets and fluffed the pillows. I changed the lyrics of the song we sang in chapel at APU because I desperately needed rest in my heart, and for some reason, making my bed and singing those humble words made me feel like I had a place to fall. My bed was a place that was mine—the only thing I could call my own, the only thing I could control.
Next I put my forehead to the floor, my arms stretched out in helpless desperation. I guess you could call it prayer. Would I make it through another day, or would I break down? Could I handle the energy of the kids in the program? Would I know how to discipline them, help them figure out their problems with their friends, and guide them toward Jesus? Was I doing a good job? Was I making any difference in their lives at all? The name of Jesus became a song I had to constantly sing, or else the dirge of failure and resignation would crack my efforts.
I’d continue to sing his name on my morning run. Running around Trout Lake was one of my lonely sanctuaries. It was a beautiful, peaceful run with tree branches crossing above me like canopies in a fairytale and just enough distraction to set me free from my own self-consciousness: dogs jumping into the lake to chase tennis balls, couples strolling peacefully hand in hand, dads and sons playing soccer, old men in fedoras resting on benches. 
After my run, I’d go to Starbucks. The smell of Starbucks was exactly the same as it was at home, and I would go there daily to write in my prayer journal or write a letter to Charlie while I sipped a venti water, which always had the subtle flavor of espresso dust. It was another lonely sanctuary, familiar enough to temporarily satiate my yearning for friendship. The workers became familiar faces and the tall chai tea lattes, which cost me most of my allowance, were my once-a-week splurge. 
In the evenings after camp, whenever my parents would call me at the Manse, as we called the large house where we lived, I remembered that I was loved. It humored me to realize that I still needed my parents, my mom especially, whom I had always criticized for being selfish, cold, and harsh with her words. Now her voice was soft and gentle, and her words rejuvenating and refreshing. I didn’t know how that could be, but it cleansed me and gave me a peaceful night’s sleep whenever she called. My dad’s wisdom was also a source of comfort. He would listen to me talk about my day and then have the perfect encouraging words to help me make sense of how I felt.
Nevertheless, after a few weeks in the ministry, I was emotionally tired and spiritually broken. I remember our Thanksgiving prayer and fasting assignment. Our Urban Promise team committed to 24 hours of continual prayer and fasting. I sat alone on a beat-up, brown velour couch in the cold basement during my half-hour time slot to pray. I was reading the Bible by candlelight, feeling tired and half-heartedly spiritual, when I had a vision: 
I was running into God’s arms at full speed—and he pushed me away. I was shocked. I pouted. I thought he would cradle me and hold me, offering me comfort, peace, and rest. I tried it again. I ran to him and leaped into his arms. Again, he knocked me to the ground. Then he told me to get up and stand on my own two feet. 
I was devastated. If I couldn’t run to God, then I had no one to run to. I was absolutely alone. I thought about my vision and wondered why God would do such a thing. This vision must not be from God, I thought. 
I sat on that couch by candlelight with a fresh idea: I was an adult, but I wanted God to treat me like an infant. Adults don’t need to be cradled. It was time for me to stand on my own feet. It was as if God was telling me, “You can do it! Look at you, you can do it. Don’t you dare try to act like a baby when you are a grown woman.”
At first, I didn’t like this vision. I didn’t like it at all. I wanted Jesus, the mama hen. It took me 20 minutes to see the wisdom in the Father-God’s action. It was not rejection. I tried to turn it into that, but it was not rejection. It was empowerment. 
Things began to turn around after that. My sister Anna sent me a care package with a blanket she had knitted for me. It was a beautiful light brown color and perfectly soft and warm. I slept with it every night, and I called it my “Sissy Blanket.”
Charlie and I talked on the phone almost every night and emailed love notes every day. Because I had Charlie’s guitar, I would play his songs over and over when I was alone in my room at night. My favorites were “Goodnight,” “Heavenly,” and one of his band’s songs, called “Pardon Me.” 
Just before Christmas, Charlie sent a care package that contained a purple scarf with his cologne all over it. I showed it to my Bible Buddies, the group of 10-year-old girls I met with weekly. They loved it. They thought it was so romantic and took turns smelling and wearing the scarf. Charlie’s and my love story had become a part of their lives. 
Whenever I walked around the residential streets in the city, I admired the character of the Vancouver houses. They became another familiar part of my life, bringing me joy like a sister. I even called them my “sisters” in my heart and said hello to them as I walked by. I started taking pictures of my favorites. Then, in my spare time, I painted small watercolor paintings of them to give to my family as Christmas presents. For Charlie, I painted a picture of my favorite flower shop, Figaro’s Garden. The flower shop was more than a sister to me. It was a place where I could go inside and walk around, get a cup of water, enjoy the growing plants, gardening tools, hanging lanterns, and greeting cards designed by local artists. Figaro’s was like a best friend. 
When my real sisters emailed and asked what I wanted for Christmas, I said, “warm socks.” Nothing else mattered to me. Warm socks were literally all I wanted for Christmas.
Finally, after our kids sang Christmas carols at a retirement home and I finished my last painting, it was time to fly away from the snow for Christmas break. Charlie met me at LAX, and I wrapped my arms around him. I was home again. 
During the next two weeks, Charlie and I tried to spend as much time together as possible.
One afternoon, when Charlie and I were driving to my house, we stopped at a red light and I leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“Wow,” he said. “You can do that again.”
So I did. He had a huge smile on his face. He looked so cute.
“Maybe we should have our first kiss on Christmas day,” I suggested. 
“Don’t you want to wait?”
“I do want to wait, but I want to kiss you. I’m so bad!” I said, sitting back and putting my feet up on the dashboard.
“Let’s pray about it and decide what’s best,” he suggested.
“That’s a good idea,” I agreed. But I had already made up my mind. I wanted to kiss him before I went back to Vancouver. When I prayed about the situation, I didn’t ask God what I should do. I told God what I was going to do. And I asked him to bless my decision. I had waited such a long time. Plus, I was starved for affection while I was away. The only human touch I received was hugs from the kids at camp. Being with Charlie compelled me to soak up all the attention I would need for the next six months. 
We planned to spend Christmas morning with our families and Christmas evening with each other. He came over to my house after dinner, and we opened our presents. I gave him the painting of Figaro’s Garden in Vancouver. He loved it.
Then he gave me my gift. It was in an envelope. I tore it open and looked at the piece of computer paper inside. It was a flight itinerary from LAX to Vancouver and back—for Charlie Castagnoli.
I yelped out of delight. “Are you coming to see me?”
“I’ll fly with you when you go back in January. I’ll stay with you for a week. I already talked to Sophia, and she said it’s OK.”
“You can meet my kids! You’ll meet my Bible Buddies!” I jumped up and down. “We can go to Figaro’s!”
I jumped into his lap and kissed him—on the cheek.
“Thank you,” I said. “You always give the best gifts.”
It was a big deal for us to fly together to Vancouver. We didn’t have to say goodbye at the airport. We had a whole week alone together before we had to say goodbye. 
Over the next few days I gave Charlie a tour of the city of Vancouver. I showed him my favorite houses and shops. We ate at Café Calabria, my favorite Italian café, which served delicious sandwiches, coffee, and Italian cookies made with figs and chocolate. I made him try garlic ice cream at the gelato parlor. We walked through Stanley Park and took pictures of the beautiful totem poles. We rode the tiny Rainbow Ferry to Granville Island, bought Chinese lychee fruit, which look like alien eggs but taste delicious, and watched a street show at the farmer’s market. 
On the night before camp started, Charlie and I rode the ferry to Lonsdale Quay. After walking through the market, we bought pumpkin ice cream with fudge in a waffle cone and stood by the railing at the edge of the dock. The night sky was dark, and it started to rain. As we stood under one umbrella with our ice cream, we laughed and then stopped and looked at each other.
“Listen,” Charlie said. 
The pitter-patter of rain on our umbrella. Lights on the water. Sweet ice cream. His dark eyelashes and warm hands. I closed my eyes to savor the moment. He leaned over and kissed me gently on the lips. They were the same lips that had brushed across my forehead, the same lips that sang “Goodnight,” the same lips that smiled at me across the desk in the library. Now they touched mine, and I knew his love was perfect for me. 
The next day, our first day back at camp, Charlie experienced a typical day of chaos at Camp Peace. The kids begged him to play his songs on the guitar. He let them take turns strumming with his guitar pick. I watched him interact with the children, and I saw something very special in his character. I always knew he loved people, but I saw that he loved children and the poor. He loved people who were important to me. 
Amazing, I thought to myself. He is amazing.
That was our last night together. We sat on the floor, alone in my bedroom.
“In 12 hours you will be on a plane to LA,” I said. “Do you have to go?” 
“If I want to finish college, I have to go,” he said, smiling. “I have class tomorrow night.”
“This is crazy! I won’t see you for six months. That is such a long time.”
“We can do it, Miriam—you are meant to be here right now. You are the most adventurous girl I know. I love that about you.”
I smiled. “You’ll write to me? You’ll call me?” 
“Of course.”
“Will you pray for me?” I asked.
“I’ll pray for you right now.”
We sat together on my bed and prayed. Then we kissed. And kissed and kissed.



Chapter Thirty-Four
Where Are You Now?
A few weeks after Charlie left, I got a call from him in the evening. He was crying. 
“I’m not doing well,” he said.
“What’s going on?” I wished that I could give him a hug. 
“I’m sick,” he said. “I’m sick inside.”
I waited and listened. 
“I think that it was a mistake to start kissing,” he said. 
“You do?” I started, disappointed.
“No. Let me finish. It did something to me. It woke up a part of me that I had put to sleep.”
Fear and anxiety filled me instantly. “What do you mean?”
“I …” he broke down crying. “Oh God! I am such a sinner!”
I waited for him to explain, pacing my bedroom, looking at the bed where we had made our mistakes.
“What we did reminded me of what I did with Bianca,” he began.
“But we didn’t even …” 
“I know. All we did was kiss. But it woke up something in my mind, in my body.”
“So?” I was getting impatient. “What happened?”
“I started looking at porn again.”
“What?” I whispered. “You promised you were done with that.” 
“I know.”
“You lied to me.”
“I’m trying to tell you the truth. I don’t want it. I’m struggling.”
“What now? What can we do?”
“Pray for me, Miriam. Please.”
I said a prayer over the phone.
When I finished, he ended the phone call. “Jack just got home. I’ll call you tomorrow.” 
I was quiet.
“I love you,” he said.
“You do?” I challenged him.
“Please believe me.”
“I believe you. I love you too.”
For the next few days, I agonized and prayed over his struggle. I was mad at God for allowing porn to even exist. I was mad at our government for allowing it on the Internet. I hated the stupid hackers who sent spam emails containing porn to young people. My worst enemies were the women who flashed their junk at my sweet Charlie.  
I was so upset, I couldn’t hide my dilemma from Sophia. “What can I do, Sophia? I love him. I can’t dump him, but I can’t change him. I’m helpless.”
“I don’t know,” she said. “I’m not familiar with that topic. People don’t talk about porn in Christian circles. I’ll pray for you guys. You can make it through this.”
Rose, my spiritual mentor and life coach, met me at Café Calabria for coffee, and I told her what happened. She had insight on men—she was married and had raised three sons. 
“Charlie’s struggle doesn’t make him a bad guy,” she said. “Men have their sexual parts on the outside of their bodies, and it brushes against their pants when they walk, when they sit—all day long. That’s partly why they think about sex all the time.”
I tried not to make a face. I didn’t like talking about penises.
“For most men, it’s a matter of learning what to do with sexual thoughts. If a man sees a beautiful woman and thinks something sexual about her, he needs to simply notice the thought and let it float away, like a boat or a leaf floating down a stream. The trouble comes when he takes the sexual thought and dwells on it for too long—then he will get himself in trouble.”
“That makes sense. But I still don’t get it. I just don’t get what he is going through. Please pray for us.”
That Sunday, the pastor at church announced an opportunity to attend a two-day seminar at Regent Seminary the following week. 
“It’s called ‘Hope in a Sexually Pervasive Culture.’ If anyone would like to attend, we can arrange a carpool to Regent.” 
Sophia let me miss two days of camp so I could attend the seminar.
The speaker commenced by telling the story of his past addiction to sex and pornography. The struggle affected his wife and other relationships. His healing began after he received in-patient hospitalization, and he learned to maintain daily accountability. 
I was fascinated. I could have been disgusted. But I could hear God telling me, “Look at the plank in your own eye. Look at your own sin first.” 
I listened carefully as the speaker explained his styles of intervention and treatment and his definition of healthy sexuality.
I cried as I read stories of pastors struggling with the temptation of pornography.
I gawked at the statistics of Christians and pastors who admitted to visiting porn sites multiple times per week. 
“Having the Internet in the home is the equivalent of having millions of pornographic magazines under your bed every day and night,” he said. “What man can resist taking a peek? Once he does, how can he resist a second peek—or an exploration of the whole collection?”
By the end of the conference, I had more compassion for Charlie’s struggle, I had hope in his recovery, and I developed an action plan. I called Charlie that night. “I feel like I had a glimpse into the mind of a man. Weird, huh? But totally cool. I have some ideas for you about getting out of your trap.”
“OK. That’s great.”
“Will you write them down? There are three things I believe you should do.”
“I’m ready.” He sounded uneasy. 
“First. You have to move your computer out of your bedroom and put it in the living room with the screen facing the front door.”
“Why?”
“So whenever you’re on the computer your screen is not private. Someone could walk in at any time and see what you are doing.”
“Oh, I see. That makes sense, I guess.”
“Second. I think you should get baptized. Have you been baptized?”
“When I was a baby.”
“Yeah, me too. But when I did it again in high school, I felt like I had an extra blessing and help from God in overcoming temptation. Will you consider doing it again too?”
“Yeah, I’ll think about that.”
“Third. I think you should talk to someone about your struggle. Is there a man you respect who would know what you are going through? You may find out things about yourself that you didn’t realize. There might be something about your parents’ divorce or your break-up with Bianca that compels you to look at porn.” 
“Wow. OK.”
“So will you talk to someone?”
“Yes. I think I’ll talk to the campus pastor.”
“When?”
“I guess I’ll go to his office tomorrow.”
We did not talk for about five long days. Later that week, I got a card in the mail. It was from Charlie. I ran upstairs to my room, shut the door, jumped on my bed, and opened the card. It was all blue, his favorite color, with an image of an airplane on the front. Four photos fell out. They were of Charlie and me in Vancouver, overlooking the water at Granville Island, hugging in my room at the Manse, relaxing on the grass at Stanley Park, and standing in front of Figaro’s Garden. 
Miriam,
I know these are hard times. I know I have hurt you. I can hear it in your voice.
I want you to know that you are my best friend. You have shown me that you love me as my sister in faith, enough to rebuke me. Your rebuke hurt me. My life has hurt you. I accept the pain and shame.
You are willing to be destroyed inside for me. You are always restoring me; your words are healing. I will not sin this way any longer. God is with us.
Thank you for being my friend. You are a strong and beautiful woman. I love you, Miriam.
Truly,
Charlie
P.S. Enjoy these pictures … I miss you.
I picked up my guitar and sang by myself, imagining that Charlie was with me. 
I want your whisper in the rain
I want your arms and not a space heater
Contentment isn’t lasting in this weather
Being alone isn’t making sense
Where are you now?
I need you here with me
Will you return
And hold me in your arms?



Chapter Thirty-Five
Special Delivery
Little by little I became Canadian, walking down the street wearing a toque (pronounced "tuke"—Canadian for beanie), relaxed jeans, and a black fleece vest over a long sleeve shirt, eating Purdy’s chocolate, and drinking J.J. Bean or Tim Horton’s coffee. I finally grew comfortable taking buses and trains wherever I needed to go. Proudly, I could recite all the Canadian provinces and their capitals, and sing the Canadian national anthem with confidence, loyalty, and pride. I followed world news instead of just American news, and I went to my first hockey game, where the Canucks beat the Mighty Ducks. (In my heart, I was really cheering for the Mighty Ducks, but I would never admit it at the time. I knew why they had to lose.) I attended Shakespeare plays on the beach as well as all kinds of other community events, including an independent film festival, a mock refugee camp, and a 5k run around Stanley Park. 
One local community event I attended every Thursday night was a dinner for the homeless, called Out of the Cold, at the church down the street. In the winter, the dining hall remained open for anyone to sleep inside, hence the name. As the weeks went by, and I sat and chatted with people at dinner on Thursday nights, I learned their names and quirks, who I could or couldn’t talk to, who made sense and who didn’t. I watched them interact with each other and noticed they had their own street-survivalist subculture with norms, customs, and language. Even though I didn’t understand them most of the time, I realized it was because I didn’t live in their subculture.
While hanging out with homeless people was a weird combination of empathy, frustration, and disgust, it was also good for my heart because it forced me to give my time and care to this forgotten segment of society. I chose to help people who were in need of food and shelter, which was good for them and for me, too. When I saw a homeless person, my heart no longer said, “I wonder what his problem is. Probably drugs.” Instead, my heart said, “God, keep my heart soft toward the poor, because I want my heart to be like yours.” 
After the dinner, I helped clean up tables and sweep the floors of the dining hall. As I swept, I peeked into the kitchen where I knew I would see a theology professor from Regent Seminary scrubbing pots and pans. I could see his grey hairnet and his blue apron over a white T-shirt. His arms were furiously scrubbing a massive pot in the sink. Round and round he scrubbed as if it were the most important job in the world to feed these people, clean up, and go back home to his family with a soft heart. 
“That guy has like four master’s degrees and three doctorate degrees,” Sophia whispered as she wiped down the counters. “He’s here every week, cooking meals and finishing all the dirty dishes.”
“That is so awesome,” I said. That idea fascinated me: It was as if he couldn’t teach students about the kingdom of God unless he lived it too. I never officially met this professor, but I loved his heart for the poor. I loved that God would bring me all the way to Vancouver so one of the things I would experience was to watch this genius professor scrape bits and pieces of food off the plates that fed hungry homeless people on Thursday nights. It was one of the beautiful orchestrations that only God could come up with. It was as if God were showing me, Look, Miriam, my kingdom is here.
While Thursdays were dinner with the homeless, Wednesdays were spaghetti night with my Bible Buddies. The girls would come to the Manse and run downstairs to the basement, where we had an entire room filled with boxes of food that had been donated from a health-food store. Stacks of fruit leather, cases of organic macaroni and cheese, family-size jars of spaghetti sauce, box after box of every shape and size pasta noodle, and other nonperishables. The girls picked out their favorite pasta and sauce, grabbed a few fruit leathers, and headed back upstairs to the kitchen where I was boiling the water for the pasta. We would chat while we cooked, and when the food was ready, we would carry our plates of food carefully down the basement stairs again, and sit and eat our dinner on old brown and plaid sofas. 
One night after dinner, while lying on the floor on our stomachs, we colored in Precious Moments coloring books. Kelsey held her picture up proudly. It was a picture of a little Precious Moments baby next to the Easter Bunny. 
“This is Miriam when she was a baby,” she said. “And this is Charlie when he was a rabbit.” We burst out laughing and called Charlie to ask him if he used to be a rabbit. 
We spent a lot of time on Wednesdays talking, laughing, praying. Sometimes I would take them to buy ice cream or Slurpees, or we would take the Skytrain to the mall. 
One night in the spring, I decided to use some of my extra spending money from Charlie to take my Bible Buddies on a small adventure.
“We are going to walk to McDonald’s for dinner tonight!”
“Yeah!” they jumped up and down and cheered like kids do when they get to go to McDonald’s.
“Here is the plan. We are going to walk down to Commercial Drive. Your job is to look for someone who needs dinner. I have enough money for us and one other person who is hungry. So when you see someone who might be hungry, let me know.”
They were really excited and nervous. “What do we say?” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll talk. You girls shouldn’t talk to strangers. But you can help me find someone.”
As we approached the corner of E.10th and Commercial, there were four or five people sitting against the wall of a building, with white cups set out for change. Only one person made eye contact with us: a man who had bright eyes with light brown lashes, light brown Jesus-hair, and only one leg. “Him, him!” my Bible Buddies said, tugging on my arm. 
“Hello, sir,” I greeted him. He was a few years older than me, wearing a black hoodie, black pants with one empty leg rolled up, and one black combat boot. His crutch was lying across his lap. “Have you had dinner yet?”
“No, actually I haven’t,” he said, looking a bit startled and amazed. 
“We were heading to McDonald’s. Can we get you anything?” 
“Yes, please.”
“What would you like?”
“I’ll have the Big Mac meal with a Coke,” he said. 
“OK, we will be right back!” I said. “By the way, what’s your name?”
“Justin.” He smiled.
We walked into McDonald’s, and the girls started shouting their orders. “Can I have a strawberry shake?” Kelsey asked.
“First, we will bring Justin his dinner. Then we will come back and order for ourselves. Should we get Justin a strawberry shake?” 
“Sure!”
They were nervous when we walked back outside. “Will he still be there?”
Then we saw him waiting patiently by the wall. Megan was holding his food, Kelsey his Coke, and Cynthia his strawberry shake. 
“Special delivery!” Megan shouted, running over to him, the bag of food swinging.
He looked angelic as he accepted the gifts. There was something about his eyes that made me want to cry and give food to everyone on the street.
“Thanks so much. God bless you guys.”
“God bless you too!” Megan blurted. 
I walked back into McDonald’s less hungry than I was before and more filled with something eternal. It was as if I had just looked into the eyes of Jesus himself. It was too much for me, too good to see Megan run to him like that, shouting for joy because she had dinner for a begging, crippled man. We ate and left the restaurant quickly, hoping to see Justin one more time and ask him how he liked his dinner, but he was gone. 
At Camp Peace, my Bible Buddies and the other kids wanted to talk about Charlie every day. I told them he was doing great—and he was.
He went to counseling and moved his computer. He planned to get baptized during the summer so I could be there with him. 
Months passed by slowly with Charlie far away. I knew he was busy working on his Bible degree, playing music with his band, and making short films with his roommates. But our love grew and grew, in spite of the long distance and the challenges between us. We talked over the phone a few times a week and wrote letters as often as we could. 
Hi Honey!
There’s a big hockey game tonight, the Canucks vs. Detroit. Seriously, the streets were almost empty after 7 p.m. because everyone is inside watching the game. Sophia says I better hope the Canucks win, or I’ll be living in an unhappy neighborhood!
Did I mention that I love you? I’ve been daydreaming about you today. I am so excited to be with you again in June. I am so excited for what the Lord has for us. I wait eagerly as he determines our steps. Today my heart is like a rainbow. I have a good life. 
It is dusk. I love the long evenings here. I can still hear the kids playing outside. The flowers you sent me for our anniversary are still blooming in my room. They’re so cheerful. 
Tonight I am going to clean, write some cards, paint, and read. Maybe you’ll call me? I hope so.
Can I tell you something? I am so in love with you. I believe God has given us this extraordinary love. You are a beautiful friend and an extraordinary man—a creative, generous, kind, adventurous, daring, encouraging, God-fearing man. 
Miss you.
Love twice, more, and forever, 
Miriam
In May, as I was cleaning up after camp one day, I heard someone whistling. I turned around and looked outside. It was Charlie.
“Yeow!” I screamed.
I dropped my books and papers and ran to greet him. He was carrying a small duffel bag and an ice cooler, which he dropped on the ground so he could catch me in his arms. 
“What are you doing here?”
“I had to visit you for your birthday!” he said.
“Megan! Kelsey! Cynthia! Come here!” I called to my Bible Buddies, who were still hanging out by the church.
“Charlie’s here!” 
Soon all the kids came running, and they jumped on Charlie and tackled him on the grass.
“Charlie, Charlie! You’re here!” the kids screamed.
We all sat on the grass while Charlie entertained the kids. 
“What’s in the cooler?” Megan asked.
“Two containers of Nana’s pumpkin pie ice cream.” 
“Oh! You brought it on the plane and everything?” I asked, clapping my hands. 
“Yep. It’s your birthday treat.”
He opened the cooler. I couldn’t believe it. It was the most special taste of home that he could have brought me—besides Charlie himself.
Sophia came out of the house with spoons for everyone. 
After we enjoyed our ice cream, the kids taught Charlie how to play Octopus. When he was too tired to run anymore, he dove onto the grass and the kids tackled him again.
“Play a song!” Megan begged. 
“Oh, what song?”
“The Nickel Creek song!”
She knew it was one of my favorites. I ran upstairs to get his guitar.
Charlie sat on the front steps of the house and played “When You Come Back Down.” I couldn’t help crying. He had poured blessings on me. I was overwhelmed with love. 
He took me to Nick’s Restaurant for my birthday dinner. We ate ribs and spaghetti, and a violinist serenaded us at our table.  After dinner, we walked along Commercial Drive. I squeezed his hand.
“I love having you here with me. When you are with me, I feel like I’m at home.”
“I love being here. I love watching you grow as you sacrifice your own life for those kids every day.” 
“I could never do it without your support. Thank you.” 
He could only stay for two days. By then I knew the pain of saying goodbye at the airport all too well. We gave each other a kiss on the cheek and a hug. I cried, and Charlie tucked a letter in my pocket as he walked away. 
Dearest Miriam,
Because you have given your heart to God he has sweetened your life in return. He has done this so that others might taste goodness by knowing you. There is something about you that God has allowed me to taste, something that I need. It is measures of His goodness and sweet grace that I would never have known or tasted of God if I hadn’t taken the chance of loving you. Thank you for being who you are, bold and eager to share with me more of who Jesus is. Even from afar you are sweet.
I give God all that I have, including my hope and desire to love Him with you.
You are everything that I have ever dreamed of. Loving you is the best thing that has ever happened to me. Any pain or hurt I forget, knowing that this is the beginning of a great love. 
In Him I love you best, 
Charlie   
Charlie had hidden Starbucks gift cards, phone cards, love notes and spending money around my bedroom, and I found the little surprises every few days.
It is him
He enters every part of my life
And sings
Dances
And paints
Himself next to me
And into who I am
His gifts for good in my life
Speak his name
To his music I dance
On his paper I write
In my guitar is his company
His pumpkin candles scent my room
Robed in his gifts
I waltz with him
It is him



Chapter Thirty-Six
Sunset
When I left Vancouver in June, I felt good about my time there. I had met wonderful people and built lifetime friendships. I had learned some French, and I had learned how to be a tactful American. Without a doubt, the hardest part was saying goodbye to my Bible Buddies. They were like my four little sisters. I promised them that I would come back to visit, and they promised they would visit me in California so we could go to Disneyland together. 
Saying goodbye to Vancouver meant that I was moving closer to Charlie. The trouble was that I had no idea what to do next. 
I moved in with my parents for a few months after making my mom promise not to use harsh words to hurt me. She succeeded for a few days, but I knew I needed to get out of there when I found my drawing notebook open on my bed, and my last sketch of a Vancouver house was covered in her large handwriting: “These drawings are wonderful, Miriam. You are a great artist.”
“Mom, you wrote me a note in my sketch book?”
“Yes, I was looking through it, and I wanted to tell you how beautiful your drawings are.”
“Mom. You wrote on my latest sketch. I can’t erase that! And I can’t go back and do it again!” I handed her the sketchbook so she could see what she had done.
“What?” She lifted up her glasses so she could see up close. “Why did you sketch it so light, I couldn’t even see it!” she yelled.
And somehow it was my fault that she had ruined my picture.
Charlie still had one semester left at the university, so I got a job on campus in the admissions office. Between classes, Charlie would show up outside the window of my office with chai tea or Jamba Juice. He would bring a drink for my supervisor as well. Sometimes he’d drop off a box of bagels or a plate of cookies. Everyone in my office loved him. He was that kind of guy. 
I lived with three girlfriends—Jamie, Emma, and Kiki—in an apartment in Glendora, and I was making $26,000 a year, which seemed like a fortune after volunteering as a missionary with $80 per month as an allowance. I started saving money for the big day—whenever it might be.
When I came home from work one day with a big bouquet of flowers from Charlie, Emma asked, “When are you two love birds going to get married? You are perfect for each other!”
“He still needs to graduate and get a job. But I could see us getting married in a year.” 
“Well,” she said, “Jamie, Kiki, and I have a bet going. I bet he will propose in less than six months.” 
I yelped with joy. “I hope so!”
Because we had been apart for so long, the intensity of Charlie’s touch made me feel like I was going to explode. “I can’t do this anymore,” I said one night when we started kissing in my bedroom. “I love you. But I don’t want to be your girlfriend anymore.”
“What do you mean?” He sounded scared. 
“I don’t want to be your girlfriend anymore. When you are ready, I want to be your fiancée. But until then, I think we should stop seeing each other.”
He was silent.
“Do you understand what I’m saying?” I asked.
“No. If you love me, why would you want to be apart?”
“Look at us. We are not honoring God.”
He got off the bed and kneeled with his forehead down to the ground. 
When he looked up, he had tears in his eyes. 
“I only want to do what’s right. If this is what God wants, I trust him. I trust you, Miriam.”
We stopped seeing each other. But we continued to read through the Psalms each day. It was a routine that we had started when I moved to Canada. It was one small way to feel together, even when we were apart. I wrote him a letter from my desk at work one day after reading Psalm 37: 
Dear Charlie, My Love,
Today’s Psalm is so good.
“I have been young and now am old,
Yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken
Or their children begging bread.
They are ever giving liberally and lending
And their children become a blessing.
Depart from evil and do good; so you shall abide forever.”
I want you to know that I am actively trying to depart from evil and do good. Why would I want any sort of evil in our relationship? What we have is so beautiful, and I don’t want it to be tainted by impatience for desire. I must trust in God. I must trust his timing, even if I don’t understand it.
Something that you said a few months ago rang in my ears today. “I don’t know how I am going to do it; all I know is that I need God to help me today.” You are an awesome, amazing man. I can’t support you if I am distracting you from the Lord! That is the last thing I want to do. How frustrating!
I surrender. I want God to do this his way. I may fail, but I choose to desperately seek him. Please seek him with me and cherish me; I desire to cherish you. 
I love you, Charlie. 
Love,
Miriam
A week later we ran into each other in the library. We looked at one another, unsure of what to say at first. 
“Will you come to my baptism on Sunday?” he asked.
“Yes! Of course.”
“Great.” He looked down at the ground and then straight into my eyes. 
“Can I hug you?”
“Of course.”
Then, with ease, he took me in his arms.
“You are the most beautiful woman in the world. And I miss you.” 
While he was at work the next day, I went to his apartment and left a framed picture of the two of us. It was from our road trip to San Simeon. We were both standing on the pier in Santa Barbara in our college sweatshirts, the wind blowing our hair. Attached to the frame was one of my favorite quotes, which I had written in brown calligraphy: “Which drop on the window pane moves to join the other?” – C. S. Lewis. 
When I got back to my apartment that evening, I found a note tacked to my front door, written on handmade paper that Charlie had made in his art class.
Our love is always showing me
something new about God.
I am excited to see you
tomorrow in his house.
It was a treat to see your
beautiful face yesterday.
I love you Miriam.
Charlie
After his baptism, we decided to see each other again, but only on Sundays. 
One cool Sunday evening in December he brought me to the beach in Santa Barbara. We sat down on a blanket and watched the sunset together. Just as the water reflected its last sparkle of sunlight, Charlie got on his knees and took a small box out of his pocket.
“Miriam Bernhardt—will you be my wife?” he asked, tears in his eyes. He opened the box.
“Are you serious? Is that real?” I couldn’t believe what was happening.
“Answer my question, please.” 
“Yes!” I wrapped my arms around him. Then, his hands shaking, he put the ring on my finger. It was beautiful.
“I chose this ring for you,” he said. “Because it’s elegant, beautiful, and simple—just like you.” 
“Thank you. I love it. I love you.”
We kissed again. He took out his camera and took a few pictures to remember the moment. Then, still with tears in his eyes, he reached into his bag and brought out three journals. 
“These are for you. These journals contain all my letters to you in our days apart.”
I opened the first journal. It was an entry from his birthday two years earlier, the night I made him the chocolate cake with M&Ms: 
I don’t even know what to write.
Imagine loving her.
My heart already speaks yet
I can’t even admit it.
If it were her—if I could love her—then I most definitely would.
“I’ve loved you ever since I saw you smile when you walked into the library.”
“I know. I’ve always loved you too.”

*          *          *

We had a huge wedding in Charlie’s dad’s backyard. We invited everyone who cared about us and invested in our lives. And our wedding night was—in Elisabeth Elliot’s words—“unspeakably worth the wait.”
God’s timing is everything.
He lets us experience things that crush us.
But he also reshapes us.
And gives us stories to tell.




*          *          *

Riddle Answer from Chapter 27: Ask either angel this question: “What door would he (the other angel) say is the door to hell?” Both angels will point to the door to heaven.

Stay tuned for the next book by Chelsea Rotunno
Heavenly Here With You

www.chelsearotunno.com

chelsearotunno@gmail.com





Excerpt From
Heavenly Here With You
Engagement is difficult. Marriage is harder.
But it can be heavenly. 

To celebrate Valentine’s Day, Charlie and I went to a small restaurant in San Dimas that my roommate suggested. On each of the tables was a little peg game where you try to jump one peg over the other. If you have one peg left at the end, you are a genius.
After we ordered our food, Charlie picked up the peg game. “What’s this?”
“Oh, it’s like a puzzle game. You have to jump the pegs. Here, let me show you.” I tried to take the game out of his hand.
“No, let me figure it out,” he said. 
“I just want to show you how to jump the pegs.”
“Don’t tell me anything. I want to figure it out by myself.”
I sat with my arms crossed and tried to be patient. Was this going to be like the riddle about the angels guarding the door to heaven? Would he stare at that peg game until he figured it out? It would take hours. I looked to see if there was an empty table so I could grab another game, but they were all taken. I watched Charlie stare at the pegs.
“Can I just show you?”
“Can you just give me a minute? Geez.”
His attitude made me so mad. It was just a stupid game. I didn’t want to solve it for him—I just wanted to jump a peg so he could see the basics.
My tongue started to burn. “You are a stubborn ass.” 
He slammed the game down on the table. People across the restaurant looked at us. 
We left without eating. He took me back to my apartment, and we sat in the car in silence. I didn’t know how to apologize. The whole situation was so ridiculous. 
He leaned his forehead on the steering wheel, and I flipped open the vanity mirror and rubbed my face with my hands. 
“I’m tired,” I said. 
“You should go.”
“Do you want to talk?”
I watched his face. It always changed with his mood. Whenever I kissed him, it became squinty and round like a young lover, and when he played guitar it was fixed in confident concentration, his lips slightly parted. Now his face looked pale and fragile, his features heavy with disappointment.
I looked down and saw that I was fidgeting with my engagement ring. It was still too large because I hadn’t had it fitted yet. The cold night air made it even looser. 
We agreed to talk the next day. I got out of the car and walked by myself up the stairs to my apartment, went inside to my room, and went to bed without a word to any of my roommates.	
He came over to my apartment the next evening after work. “Miriam, I am marrying you because you bring out the best in me. But last night you brought out the worst in me.”
“What did I do? What was so terrible?”
“Your attitude. The way you snapped at me. You called me an ass, like I am some huge jerk. You need to watch how you talk to people, especially the people you love. You need to be respectful. So do I. I shouldn’t have overreacted either.”
At first I wanted to argue with him. But I had heard those words before. I had snapped at him the way my mother always snapped at my sisters and me. I was becoming my mom. Or maybe I had always been like her. 
“I don’t want to hurt you,” I said. “I will pray about it. I will try to change.”
“You’ve become real to me since we’ve been engaged,” he said.
“Is that good or bad?”
“For a long time you were perfect. Now you are real.”
“Now do you think I am ugly?”
“No. But I’ve seen an ugly side of you.”
“It’s from my mom’s side of the family.”
“Really?”
“You know my mom. You know how she is.”
“It doesn’t mean you have to be that way.”
“I know. I pray to God that I’m not. Did I ever tell you that Paul—that guy I dated who was older than me—said he couldn’t marry me because of my mom?”
“No. What didn’t he like about your mom?”
“She insisted he tell the church leaders that we were dating. She said that if he didn’t, she would tell our pastor about it.”
“Good for her.”
“What? You think that’s good?”
“I don’t know all the details, but I look at it this way: You are her daughter. She was looking out for you.”
“Don’t you think she was being manipulative?”
“I think your mom has more wisdom than you give her credit for. She can be a little wacky, but I think she has a good heart.”
I sat up straight. It was a novel idea. My mom? Wise? Good-hearted?
“I can’t tell you how happy that makes me. I am so glad that you like my mom.”
“You have to think about all the good things about her, not the bad things. You will become whatever you focus on. So think about things like what a good cook she is. She makes the best peanut butter ribs.” 
“I know. They are the best.”
“And she makes good daughters.”

Heavenly Here With You
Coming Soon
2015
www.chelsearotunno.com
Small Group Discussion Guide
Goodnight to My Thoughts of You
Introduction:
This devotional guide provides discussion questions for small groups or book clubs that are reading the book Goodnight to My Thoughts of You. The guide can also be used as a resource for individual reflection.
You have access to a free printable version of these discussion questions at http://www.chelsearotunno.com/discussion-questions-for-goodnight-to-my-thoughts-of-you. Feel free to make hard copies so you can write down your thoughts. Answer the questions that interest you. Some are deeper than others. 
Look inside your heart, and pray for wisdom from God. I pray that you will make it through every hardship in your life and that you will become a stronger person because of it. I also pray that you will share your own story one day and hold someone else’s hand as they walk through the valley. 

Introduction for Group Leaders: 
Girls love to talk. Especially about guys, friends, school, parents, and themselves. Girls learn from one another by listening to each other and allowing their peers to share their inner thoughts, opinions, and feelings in a safe environment where there is no fear of reproach.
Below you will find a list of 7 optional materials you can provide for each girl to help her remember what she and her friends are saying, as well as 10 suggestions for how to use this book with your small group of high school girls. 

Optional Materials List:
1. Discussion Questions
2. Prayer Request Journals
3. Note Cards
4. Extra Sheets of Paper
5. Pens/Pencils
6. Watercolor Paints (Chapters 31-33)
7. Envelopes and Stamps (Chapters 34-36)

How to Use This Guide: 
1. Print a set of questions for each person in the group. http://www.chelsearotunno.com/discussion-questions-for-goodnight-to-my-thoughts-of-you
2. Plan to meet with your small group weekly. Start each session with prayer. 
3. Read Goodnight to My Thoughts of You to your girls. You may want to read one, two, or three chapters per week. There are 10 questions for every three chapters. 
4. After you read, let the girls respond.
5. Read the questions for the section you just read out loud. 
6. Have each girl choose one or two questions she would like to answer.
7. Let them talk; help them stay on topic.
8. Ask each girl to share one prayer request. Have everyone write down all the prayer requests in their prayer journals. 
9. Go around the circle, each person praying for the person to her left. 
10. Encourage the girls to write out more answers at home and bring them next time.
Discussion Questions for Chapters 1-3
1. Does anything stand out to you in Chapters 1-3?

2. What is your dream car?

3. What does a person’s car tell you about their life? For example, a family van or a Porsche? What does your dream car say about your dream for your future?

4. Think of a person you know who is infatuated, or head-over-heels in love, with a guy. How does she act?

5. Have you ever felt like you could not control your feelings for a guy? Who was he? What was he like? Have you ever liked a guy who you knew was off-limits or out of reach, whether a famous actor or singer or a guy at school? How did you feel?

6. What is your most embarrassing moment?

7. Has God ever told you “no”? What was one of your prayers that God answered with the word “no”?

8. Think about a time when you went on a trip with friends or family. Why does a vacation or service project help you bond with others?

9. Do you think Miriam is crazy in these chapters or can you relate to her? Why?

10. Activity: What qualities do you look for in a friend? Write them down on a note card. Try to live out those qualities this week.

Discussion Questions for Chapters 4-6
1. What stands out to you in these chapters?

2. What feelings stir in your heart when you see your dad (or a photo of your dad)?

3. Has anyone ever called you when you didn’t even know they had your number? Who was it and how did it make you feel?

4. What do you think Paul wants to talk to Miriam about after the Good Friday service? What does Miriam assume he wants to talk about?

5. Should Miriam have gone with Paul to The Grove? Why or why not? What would you have done?

6. What kind of clothes do you wear when you want to look really good? What do your clothes say about you?

7. Think of a guy who you like. What kind of clothes does he wear? What do his clothes say about him?

8. Have you ever experienced a dark force or spirit? If so, describe the situation and what happened. 

9. If Miriam had not seen the strange evil spirit on the pier in Santa Barbara, how might the date have ended? 

10. Activity: Miriam had already kissed a few guys, but then she read Passion and Purity and decided not to kiss another guy until her wedding day. Do you think she will live up to her promise? If you have a purity ring or a purity pledge, what have you decided that you will save for only you and your future husband? Draw a large circle, a ring, on a sheet of paper and write your pledge inside the ring. Be specific about where you choose draw the line with a guy, especially a guy you could see yourself marrying.

Discussion Questions for Chapters 7-9
1. Does anything stand out to you in these chapters?

2. If you found out you were pregnant at this time in your life today, what would you do?

3. When was the last time you talked to your mom? Does she know how you really feel these days? For example, what guy you like? Or what hurts you?

4. Do you have a job? What can you do to earn money for the things you want to buy?

5. Think about your life goals. Where do you imagine yourself working in ten years?

6. Do you think Miriam’s mom loves her? Why?

7. What is the perfect prom dress for you? What color, style, and fabric? How much does it cost? If you already went to prom, describe your dress, hair, and makeup. 

8. What is Miriam’s reason for why she and Paul do not talk while he is away?

9. Choose a line or a few lines from one of Miriam’s poems that describe how you feel today.

10. Activity: When Miriam feels emotional, she writes poems and stories. How do you express your emotions? Have you ever tried writing down your prayers in a journal? Write your requests and praises to God on a sheet of paper right now.

Discussion Questions for Chapters 10-12
1. What stands out to you in Chapters 10-12?

2. Name the people who you would love to have at your graduation. 

3. How do you feel about using strong words, like curse words? What is a curse? Are curses real? What does the Bible say about curses?

4. Miriam ends her friendship with Lana instead of apologizing and mending it. What would you do if another person came in and damaged your relationship with someone you loved?

5. Where do you go when you need a place to be alone and rest?

6. Do you think Miriam should keep hoping and trying to make it work with Paul, or should she let him go? What signs has God given her?

7. Why does Miriam like Paul? Why is it so hard to force yourself to stop liking a guy? 

8. What is your favorite movie?

9. What do you look for in a guy? Do you find yourself drawn to unpredictable guys? Steady, reliable guys? 

10. Activity: Who is your best friend? List all of your past and present best friends and put a smiley face by the ones you still talk to, and a sad face by the ones you don’t see or talk to anymore. Draw a heart by the names of people you want to keep in touch with for the rest of your life.


Discussion Questions for Chapters 13-15
1. What stands out to you in these chapters?

2. Have you ever wished you were never born? Have you ever thought about ending your life? What was going on in your life that made you feel that way?

3. Do you know anyone who has cut herself on purpose? Is she struggling with something that makes her feel unloved or alone? What can you do for a girl who cuts herself?

4. What thoughts go through your head when you know another girl likes the same guy you like?

5. Miriam confides in Kelly when she feels tempted to starve herself in order to lose weight. Who can you trust to listen to your struggles and pray for you?

6. What is your favorite food? Would you say you have a healthy relationship with food?

7. Miriam loves ballet. What do you like to do for exercise? Do you make time to do it?

8. Do you think you are pretty? Why is that such an awkward question? What makes you feel pretty?

9. Tell about one day, event, or circumstance when you knew, without a doubt, that God was real. 

10. Activity: Dina knows she needs God after she is raped; the experience is too traumatic for her to handle on her own. Jesus promises to come into your life and help you with your struggles. With a quiet heart, pray right now, and ask Jesus to help you understand how he is a part of your life. How does he want you to live your life?

Discussion Questions for Chapters 16-18
1. What stands out to you in Chapters 16-18?

2. Where do you want to go to college? What do you think about getting a master’s degree or a doctorate? 

3. If you were moving into a college dorm room tomorrow, what item would you bring with you to remind you of someone special?

4. If Miriam is in love with Paul, why does she start dating Tyler?

5. What are your memories of your worst haircut ever? 

6. Have you ever had a moment with a teacher or parent when all of the sudden you realized they were a real person? Who was it, and what happened?

7. Why does Miriam want to scream at her mom?

8. Miriam misses a few clues that she and Paul are not meant for each other. What are some of the clues?

9. What is the worst “bad news” you have heard in your life?

10. Activity: Can you relate to anything that Miriam is going through in her life? Write about it in your journal. Then write a prayer for each person in your family.
 
Discussion Questions for Chapters 19-21
1. What sticks in your mind from Chapters 19-21?

2. Are you the type of person to hide how you really feel, or do you typically say or show how you feel?

3. Bianca tells Miriam that Paul is too old for her anyway. What do you think about someone your age dating a person ten years older? Ten years younger?

4. Do you know any funny jokes? Have you ever been the victim of a bad joke? How did it make you feel? Have you ever offended a friend with a bad joke? What happened? 

5. Have you ever dated someone even though you knew you weren’t right for each other? Who was it? Why do people do this? 

6. Do you like to run? Would you consider training for a marathon or some other event that was outside your comfort zone and tested your endurance? Why or why not?

7. What does it feel like to cross paths with someone you idolize?

8. Why does Miriam resist getting help from a counselor? Explain how it feels to have someone tell you that you need counseling.

9. Is Miriam glad she went to counseling? What does the counselor help Miriam to see? 

10. Activity: Who or what is on the throne of your heart? On a sheet of paper, draw a heart. Write down what you care and think about most inside the heart.

Discussion Questions for Chapters 22-24
1. What stands out to you in these chapters?

2. What is your personal choice about drinking alcohol?

3. Who has gorgeous eyes? Why are girls drawn to guys with nice eyes? 

4. Bryson made Miriam think he liked her, but really he wasn’t interested in her at all. Why would a guy do this? What are signs that people give each other to let them know they are interested? How can you be sure?

5. Why can’t Miriam and Paul continue a friendship after he gets married?

6. Why does Miriam’s confusion about life start to clear up after she commits to not date anyone? Would this work for everyone? Or just people who date too much?

7. Miriam and Tyler are still friends a year after they break up. Miriam and Paul don’t talk at all. What’s the difference? Are you still friends with any guys you dated?

8. Charlie had three college friends surprise him with a birthday cake. What does this say about him and/or the people who made the cakes?

9. Tell about a time you received a surprise note or gift from a guy friend. Do you think he liked you?

10. Activity: Describe your dream guy. Then draw a line through all the qualities that are not required for success in marriage and parenting. Write the important qualities on a note card and tuck it into your Bible. 

Discussion Questions for Chapters 25-27
1. What stands out to you in your reading?

2. What’s your opinion on who should pay for a date?

3. What is your favorite kind of flower?

4. Why was it weird for Miriam to go to Santa Barbara with Charlie? Why was it good?

5. What is your favorite coffee shop? Your favorite drink?

6. What was a surprise gift that you received that meant a lot to you? Who was it from?

7. Miriam goes to a New Year’s Eve party at Charlie’s house and everyone sleeps over. She almost makes the move to hold his hand, but then she decides not to. If she had held his hand before she knew for sure that she liked him, would it have messed up their friendship? Why or why not? How does your thinking change after things get physical?

8. What little things does Charlie do to show Miriam he cares for her?

9. Would you date a guy who is shorter than you or has crooked teeth? Why or why not?

10. Activity: What single guys do you know who will make great husbands and dads? Forget about how they look on the outside. Who do you know who loves Jesus? Is a hard worker? Loves children? Is upright and honest? List the guys’ names. Circle the names of guys who you love their spirit.

Discussion Questions for Chapters 28-30
1. What stands out to you in these chapters?

2. If you could go on a road trip with your friends for spring break, where would you go?

3. What is your favorite kind of music?

4. What fun traditions do you and your friends have?

5. Are your parents together or divorced? What words would you choose to describe their relationship?

6. Who do you know who has a great marriage? How do you know? What would happen to your faith in marriage if they got divorced? What do you think are the elements of a great marriage?

7. Charlie confesses to Miriam that he made mistakes with his ex-girlfriend. He says he is “ruined.” Is he really ruined or is that a lie that he believes about himself? Do you feel like you are ruined? What is the truth about the cleansing power of Jesus Christ?

8. When was the first time you learned about pornography? How old were you? 

9. What does “goodnight to my thoughts of you” mean to you?

10. Activity: Where is your favorite place to go hiking? Plan a hike with your small group this week.

Discussion Questions for Chapters 31-33
1. What stands out to you in these chapters?

2. What states or countries have you visited?

3. What are some interesting customs in the different places you have traveled to?

4. What is your favorite ice cream? What is the worst ice cream flavor you can think of?

5. Where were you on September 11, 2001? How did you feel when you heard about the national crisis?

6. Who do you know who has been in a bad car accident? How old was the driver? Did anyone die?

7. Why do you think the kid who punched Miriam would become her favorite kid at camp?

8. Talk about a time in your life when you felt lonely. Who in your life will be there for you when you feel alone?

9. Have you ever had a vision from God? Or a dream that was like a vision from God? What was it? What do you think it means?

10. Activity: Grab a set of watercolor paints, a piece of paper, and a cup of water. Paint a picture of something that makes you smile every time you see it. 

Discussion Questions for Chapters 34-36
1. What stands out to you in these chapters?

2. What do you think Jesus means when he says: “First take the log out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to take the speck out of your neighbor’s eye,” (Matthew 7:5)? 

3. Where is your computer? Is it located in a private or public area? What is something you do while you are on the computer that you probably shouldn’t do?

4. What makes you feel special and loved the most on your birthday? When someone makes you breakfast (acts of service), gives you a meaningful gift (gifts and surprises), writes you a card full of compliments (words of affirmation), gives you a big hug (physical affection), or spends the day with you (quality time)? (This question is inspired by Gary Chapman’s book The Five Love Languages.)

5. Is it okay for Miriam to be mad at her mom for writing in her sketchbook? Why or why not?

6. Miriam and Charlie decide to stop seeing each other for a while when Miriam returns from Vancouver. If they love each other, why do they stop seeing each other?

7. How do you know if someone really loves you? How does Miriam know that Charlie loves her?

8. Do you want your fiancée to pick out your engagement ring and surprise you, or do you want to choose it yourself? What is the significance and purpose of an engagement ring?

9. Activity: Write a letter by hand to someone you love. Tell them why you love them. Put a stamp on it and send it by mail.

10. Activity: Write a letter to God. Tell him how you feel today, what you are worried about, and what your dreams are. Seal the envelope, put it in your Bible, and write today’s date on the envelope. Then write the date one year from today. In one year, open the letter and read what you wrote.

Follow-Up Questions
1. Name five things in Miriam’s life, from when she was 17 to 24 years old, which help her mature and prepare for marriage.

2. Go back through the discussion questions and see if there is anything you would like to share or pray about that you didn’t get to talk about earlier in the study.

3. Look back over the prayer requests from earlier in the study. Has God answered the prayers of anyone in your group? Thank God for hearing and answering your prayers.

4. Activity: Write a letter to your anonymous future husband. First, write a prayer for him. Then write a prayer about your future marriage and children. Finally, tell your husband the kind of wife you hope to be. Tell him your dreams and goals for your future. Seal the envelope and keep it in a safe place until your wedding day.

5. What are the next steps for you in your walk with Jesus? Check all that apply:
Get baptized
Pray and ask Jesus to enter your life
Talk to someone privately about something on your heart
Commit to reading the Bible every day
Commit to praying every day
Hang out with people who love Jesus
Find a church home
Seek professional help for a specific problem
Get rid of something that is ruining your life
Confess your sins
Learn more about how to live your life for Jesus
Apologize to someone who you have hurt in the past
Forgive someone who hurt you in the past
Find some good books that will strengthen your faith
Find a mentor who can meet with you weekly
Find a group of girls who you can meet with weekly
Other

About The Author



Chelsea Rotunno has a degree in English from Azusa Pacific University. She attended Claremont Graduate School and worked as an adjunct English professor at Community Christian College, based in Redlands, Ca. Chelsea is a Christian, wife, stay-at-home mother of four, blogger, and writer, who loves to meet weekly with her Iron Sharpens Iron (ISI) group, a small group of high school girls. She and her family live in Los Angeles, California. 

Read "Why I Wrote Goodnight To My Thoughts of You" at http://www.chelsearotunno.com/why-i-wrote-goodnight-to-my-thoughts-of-you 

Connect with Chelsea at mailto:chelsearotunno@gmail.com

Subscribe to her blog at http://www.chelsearotunno.com

Notes

Chapman, Gary. The Five Love Languages. Northfield Publishing (1995)
Elliot, Elisabeth. Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Under Christ’s Control. Revel (2002)
Lewis, C.S. Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer. Mariner Books (2002)
Lord Tennyson, Alfred. The Lady of Shalott. Oxford University Press (1999; originally published in 1832)

Songs:
“Amor” by Cristian Castro
“Brown Eyed Girl” by Van Morrison
“Colorado” by Andy Rotunno
“Goodnight” by Andy Rotunno
“Heavenly” by Andy Rotunno
“I Will Always Love You” by Dolly Parton
“Last Goodbye” by Jeff Buckley
“Pardon Me” by Andy Rotunno
“When the Night Is Falling” by Dennis Jernigan
“When You Come Back Down” by Nickel Creek



Acknowledgments

I have many amazing people to thank for their contributions to this project:  my editor Marla Markman, author-friend and dance instructor Leigh Purtill who told me “just finish,” and many other words of wisdom, and my cover designer Danielle Maait. A special thanks to Aimee Piersma, who read through the manuscript twice with a detailed eye and loving criticism. Thank you Aimee, and all my readers, for your time and, most of all, your encouragement and prayers.

I have been so inspired by the sweet enthusiasm of my Iron Sharpens Iron girls at church.  You are the reason I was able to finish this project for the Lord. Thank you.

My dear family, friends, and mentors: thank you so much for your support and encouragement, and for showing me the love of Christ.

Andy, I am one lucky girl. You are my best friend and an amazing husband and father to our children. I thank God for you every single day. I love you so much.

God, my amazing father in heaven, thank you for saving me. 


