THE GRIFFIN'S BOY
JULIA HUGHES


Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
THANK YOU FOR DOWNLOADING THIS EBOOK. ALTHOUGH FREE, THIS BOOK REMAINS THE COPYRIGHTED PROPERTY OF THE AUTHOR, AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED, COPIED AND DISTRIBUTED FOR COMMERCIAL OR NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES. IF YOU ENJOYED THIS BOOK, PLEASE ENCOURAGE YOUR FRIENDS TO DOWNLOAD THEIR OWN COPY AT SMASHWORDS.COM, WHERE THEY CAN ALSO DISCOVER OTHER WORKS BY THIS AUTHOR. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT.

© Julia Hughes 2013. Edited by Mervyn Walker, of Talon Publishing.

In a world where only those of noble birth are invited to join the elite Griffin Riders, orphan Neb is destined for a life of drudgery. His path changes when he steals the disobedient young griffin Balkind in an attempt to prove that you don't need noble blood to become a hero. Join "The Griffin's Boy" on the adventure of a lifetime as he encounters girls for the very first time, learns the meaning of friendship and battles evil forces for his very soul. 
Companion to "The Griffin Cryer", parental guidance advised for younger readers. 
********


 


 
CHAPTER ONE: THE NAMELESS BOY.
The boy knew there was no chance that he would be chosen as a Griffin Rider. Unlike the other youths standing to attention on the lawns of Cherub Conventus, he had no title. Worse, he had no name, but he'd learned to answer to "Neb", which literally translated to "No-one". Still, hope hammered in the boy's heart, as together with twelve other students, he craned his neck to peer upwards. What had been visible at first as just a blot on the horizon, now flexed massive golden wings against the blue skies. A collective sigh of relief could be heard, and heads twisted to watch as a fearsome looking bull griffin flew over the Main Hall. 
Neb screwed his hands into fists, digging his fingernails deep into his palms. Of course Griffin Master Romulus would only choose the noblest and best for his recruits. All Neb could hope for was to be chosen as a "Sanctuary Lad", and so he had risen earlier than usual to ensure nothing was left to pure fortune. 

Chantress Anderra's sharp voice cut into his musings: 'Griffin Master Romulus has already had his breakfast. He won't eat anyone today. Eyes front!'
Neb started guiltily, and cast a quick glance towards the gaggle of young gryffants, as two year old griffins were termed, who sat about sixty paces away. Their hindquarters were tucked neatly under their haunches, their wings held at half mast, hooked above their shoulders. Their feathers fluffed, stirred by the gentlest of breezes. Under the mid-day sun their coats gleamed dark brown, chestnut, and pewter grey. Romulus is sure to notice, he's bound to ask and then discover I'm responsible for their grooming, Neb thought. He forced down a gleeful smile by digging his nails into his palms again. 

The thunderclaps from the west increased, the steady swipe of sail boat sized wings beating against gravity. With each swoosh of displaced air, Neb's blood rushed a little faster, until the sound pulsed through his veins. Anderra looked up, and the potential recruits, in a breach of discipline, looked as well. This time Anderra ignored the murmurs and whispers behind her: 
'Is that Fletcher?' 
'Is it Fletcher?' 
'It is Fletcher!'

The incoming griffin swooped low, and dipped out of sight momentarily down the valley. Seconds later, the unmistakable outline of the griffin Fletcher – with his broken horn now clearly visible and his great golden brown wings outstretched to their fullest span – glided back up the hillside towards the waiting audience.
Fletcher's forelegs stretched out, reaching for the ground. At that moment, with a happy cluck and a rattle of wings, a dark grey gryffant hurtled towards Fletcher. Startled, the older griffin mistimed his landing and stumbled, pecking badly to his right side.
 Any other rider would have been thrown. But not this one.
Even so, Griffin Master Romulus grabbed at Fletcher's neck feathers and shouted an oath. Fortunately Fletcher's screech of outrage muffled his rider's curse. Unfazed, the young griffin continued to gambol around the newcomers, clucking with happiness, flapping its wings and trying to nuzzle both Fletcher and the Griffin Master. 
'Will someone please get that griffin under control?' Chantress Anderra asked peevishly. Neb detached himself from the back row. A couple of lordlings sniggered. The blond boy, who at fourteen was already much taller than Anderra – taller than all of his compatriots – showed no signs of discomposure. 
As though this wasn't the most important day of his life, he walked up to the two griffins and nodded curtly to Romulus. Then he slapped a hand against the grey griffin's shoulder. 
'Balkind, behave,' he said. Then he turned and without troubling to look behind to see if Balkind obeyed, walked back to where the other young griffins waited patiently. The mischievous one followed, head down and wings at half mast.  
Anderra breathed a sigh of relief. Behind her one of the lordlings whispered 'Who does he think he is? Showing off like that – he's only the son of a whore.' 
Neb wanted to laugh at the jibe, he knew Padrick hoped to make him lose his temper, but he'd grown accustomed to insults and jeering over the past two years. Besides, nothing else mattered, except to make certain his favourite griffin behaved, and Romulus overlooked Balkind's over-enthusiastic welcome. 
'Behave, Balkind, best behave,' Neb muttered from the corner of his mouth. But just in case, he kept a hand on Balkind's shoulder. He buried his fingers into the ridge where the griffin's velveteen pelt gave way to a fluff of feathers and prayed harder than ever, as he watched his fate approach. 

An odd couple indeed: Chantress Anderra glided as she walked. Her nest of dark brown hair, piled into a top knot above her narrow sharply angled face never stirred. Besides her elegance, barrel chested Romulus's rolling gait seemed more pronounced. A scar ran from his left temple to his upper lip, leaving that side of his face immobile. Apart from the puckered flesh around the scar, the left side of Romulus's face was smooth and unwrinkled; his milky left eye only half visible beneath a permanently semi closed eyelid. But the other side of the Griffin Master's weather beaten face was usually immobile too, and his remaining eye missed nothing. 
Please let him chose Balkind, and please let him chose me as a griffin's lad. Neb's hand curled on the wing emerging from Balkind's shoulder until it clutched at a fistful of feathers. Surely Balkind would be chosen; he was difficult, but fast – and clever – a little too clever for his own good. If Balkind could talk, he probably wouldn't bother to speak with me. Neb smiled inwardly at that thought, but kept his eyes trained straight ahead. Chantress Anderra sailed past him. By contrast Romulus's head twisted this way and that, in an effort to see everything. Romulus pointed – this one, that one – his was the choice to make, Anderra advised. 
Neb watched carefully, mentally approving the Griffin Master's selection: Almost instinctively, the experienced old warrior had chosen five of the swiftest, bravest and most obedient of the assembled griffins: Among them two of Neb's favourites: Kelednak; a tawny gold and black, and the pied black and white known as Rafe.  Neb's heart beat a little faster, and he sent up another prayer to anyone who might be listening: … One last griffin to be chosen; he has to name Balkind; he might not be the most obedient, but he is the fastest, and bravest. Please let him call out Balkind's name … 
They were moving back down the line again. Anderra spoke into the Griffin Master's ear. Neb's ears were sharp and he heard their whispered exchange: 
'Are you certain?' 
'He has the makings of something special.' Their eyes moved over Neb and his griffin. Romulus nodded 'and Balkind,' he finished. Neb patted Balkind's shoulder, and almost allowed a grin to escape. 

Without another word, Romulus spun on his leather booted heel, and marched off to select recruits from the students. Telling Balkind and the other young griffins selected by Romulus to stay, Neb led the remaining gryffants down the hillside to the orchards. They piped with excitement at this unexpected treat and immediately began gobbling up fallen berries. Griffins were omnivores, like men. Like men, bull griffins thrilled to the hunt. However, many of the remaining gryffants were does, and preferred fruit to meat. Some would be selected as scouts, and paired off with griffin lasses. Others would be re-claimed by their owners while one or two might always remain semi-trained and half wild. 
Out of habit, Neb checked to make certain the heavy nets slung over the sweet-berry bushes and apple trees were securely raised on their props. These nets were strong enough to keep the greedy young griffins out of the orchards; it would be disastrous if one of them sagged low enough for a griffin to become entangled in their folds. He exited the orchard, making sure the gate was secured behind him. Again it would be disastrous if one of the unselected griffins took a mind to follow the Griffin Master and his new recruits. 
 
A sudden panic gripped Neb's stomach, and realising he was missing the riders' selection, he jogged back up the hillside to the Main Hall. He was too late. Romulus had made his choices. As was traditional, those youths chosen by Romulus were serving lunch to their new mentor. Those not chosen had skulked away. Several tables and benches had been pushed together, and arranged under a muslin cotton canopy of blue. The tablecloths of matching blue were almost hidden from sight by the finest robes of the girl students. Neb thought the girls  looked like a vibrant rainbow. Only the wealthiest of parents could afford materials dyed in such vivid colours, and the girls wore their dresses of scarlet, teal and fuchsia pink with pride. They were already seated and giggled and chatted, thrilled to be waited on by the boys. A few paces away, under a smaller marquee, four novice harpists tuned their instruments. Only the littlest musician noticed Neb's return. She gave him an excited grin and a wave, tugged her toga back over her shoulder, and leaned into her harp again. The newest intake of students ferried dishes from the kitchen to the griffins and back again. This was their first real introduction to dealing with griffins, and their young faces shone. Neb's heart sank as he realised his hopes and all his hard work had come to nothing.
His chance had come and gone. 
********

 
Chapter Two: Disgrace.
'You took your time, you skiving whore's son' hissed Padrick. As the nephew of Lord Massant, he'd already made his displeasure clear at waiting on lowly girls and an even lowlier Griffin Master. 
'Make yourself useful now!' Padrick thrust a serving tray at him, deliberately angling it so that goose fat spilled down Neb's tunic. Warm greasy liquid surged across his chest. Padrick sneered, and although he was almost a hand shorter, somehow managed to look down his nose. Neb narrowed his eyes; Padrick's stubby pig-like snout filled his vision through a red mist. Drawing back his hand and curling it into a fist, he smashed it into Padrick's face. Padrick stumbled backwards, clutching his nose. The brawny youth collided with a seated trio of girls in pink silk dresses, two of them were knocked forwards, banging their faces on the table. The third, perched on the bench's edge, was shoved sideways. Her hand went down to save herself from falling and a soft wet snap sounded just before a howl of pain. Collecting himself, Neb hurried to pick the girl up. Anderra rose to her feet, her usually serene face twisted with rage. Another howl sounded, and Padrick's weight landed across Neb's back. Seconds later, his fingers locked around Neb's throat. 
'Stop this now!' Anderra shouted, pinching Padrick's ear between her finger and thumb and twisting it. Romulus picked the white faced girl from the ground, and shoved her in Chantress Ma'ave's direction. 'See to the lass,' he rumbled. Glancing around at the other students staring wide eyed, he bellowed: 'Stop catching flies. New recruits over there and calm those young griffins down.' Then he grabbed Neb's arm. 'What do you two knaves play at?' 
'He started it.' Padrick moaned, crouched over in an effort to get away from Anderra's grip. 'Let go of me,' he added. Anderra tugged tighter on his ear, forcing him to the ground, and only then released him. 
'Is this true, boy?' Romulus asked, giving a vicious shake. 
Neb gritted his teeth in an attempt to stop them being rattled from his head, and refused to answer. Eyeing Chantress Anderra, Padrick climbed to his feet and dusted himself down. 
'He can start things, but I finish them.' he boasted. The next moment Padrick collapsed on the ground, clutching his ear again, staring up at Romulus with a dazed expression. 
'Wrong. I finish things!' The grizzled old warrior spat.  
 
'I saw what happened – he deliberately spilled stuff over him.' A dark haired new student pointed confidently from Padrick to Neb. 
'Thank you Phillip. No one likes a tattle tale,' Chantress Anderra said. To Neb she said, 'Go and change that tunic. Take those plates with you to the kitchen.' 
Thinking his life was over anyway, and wishing he'd punched Padrick harder, Neb obeyed. His shoulders slumped further when he heard Anderra snap at Padrick: 'and you – get up! We expect better things from you than brawling with ragamuffins.' 

Padrick got to his feet, smirking. His smirk disappeared when he looked over to see the other recruits already mounted on their preferred griffins. Only Balkind remained. Romulus jerked his head. 
'Mount up. I want to be home before sun-down.' 
Straightening his red woollen cloak, newly streaked with grass stains, Padrick lowered his head. Then with a grim face, he strode over to the grey griffin, who everyone knew was trouble. 
 
********

 
CHAPTER THREE: THE CHOOSING.
At Padrick's approach, Balkind rose and backed away, making a low warning clucking. 
'Easy boy, easy,' Padrick's voice quivered; Balkind responded by rattling his wings and arching his neck. 
'Stand still!' Romulus shouted, making Padrick jump. Balkind lowered his head and regarded the Griffin Master warily, but did as he was told. With an audible intake of breath, Padrick placed his left hand on the griffin's shoulder, close to his left wing's main vein. Balkind obediently knelt. Padrick vaulted onto the griffin's back. Balkind's head swung around and his beak snapped at the would be griffin rider's backside. Padrick yelped in pain, Balkind dropped his right shoulder and Padrick flew across the griffin's withers to land face first at the Griffin Master's feet. 
'Get up boy, and stop playing the fool,' Romulus said gruffly. The other griffins shuffled uneasily, and a couple began to echo the warning clucks coming from Balkind. Only Fletcher remained unruffled, his beak continued to move as he crunched on a last sliver of rabbit's bone. 
'Stand still!' Romulus shouted again, but this time Balkind didn't obey. He rattled his wings, clucked loudly and backed and sidled away from the unfortunate Padrick, who circled the griffin with increasing frustration. 
'Enough!' Bellowed Romulus. 'Enough of this circus!' Mounting Fletcher, he pointed at Padrick, 'You – get behind me.' 
He cast a glance at the chosen recruits, making certain they were all mounted. They were – but only just. Other young griffins were copying Balkind's naughtiness. They sidled, snorted and threw their heads up and down warningly. Their young and inexperienced riders hung on with grim faces. 
'Chantress Anderra, I thank you and your students for your hospitality. Farewell.' 
'But what about …' Anderra pointed at Balkind, now sitting to attention and waiting for the next order, as though he was the most obedient griffin on Ella-Earth. 
Romulus grimaced. 'If we don't leave now, I'll have a stampede on my hands. I've never had a stampede on my hands Chantress Anderra, so I thank you once again for your hospitality, wish you joy with your new students, and bid you once again farewell.' 
It was the longest speech the Griffin Master had made since his arrival. With a wave of his arm, he signalled to his new recruits and galloped Fletcher towards the Main Hall and the cliff behind. With a thunderous sound, the griffins followed their leader. Seven pairs of wings flapped open to their fullest and swiped at the air. The cliff top fell away, and the griffins soared into the skies. They tucked up their forelegs and glided upwards and around in a semi circle. The remaining girls jumped up from the banqueting table and ran across the lawns, onto the rougher fields leading to the orchards, shouting their goodbyes and waving. The newer students glanced at Chantress Anderra, and under her steely eyes, went back to clearing the table. The slim blond youth emerged from the Main Hall and hurried over to stand on the lawn.
 
Neb stared after the mass of dark shapes, barely distinguishable as griffins. 'Where are they going – why have they left Balkind?' 
The un-named one was more popular with the youngsters than his own peer group. Not surprising really, thought Anderra, his manners were always impeccable regardless of a person's status. Folding her hands into her sleeves she looked away to show her disinterest. Taking this as a signal, the younger students huddled around Neb, all trying to talk at once: 
'Balkind bit Padrick.' 
'Padrick fell off.' 
'Padrick broke his nose.' 
'Griffin Master Romulus turned purple.' 
'Chantress Anderra is really cross,' 
'So's Padrick,' – 'so's the Griffin Master' …
 
'But they've left Balkind behind – he was chosen!' Neb shouted, and Chantress Anderra had never known him to show any emotion before today. 'It isn't fair – why should Balkind lose his chance – just because of that fool Padrick!' he raged and stormed across to Anderra. 'It isn't fair!' he repeated.
Anderra noted Neb's tunic was damp, but still showed signs of staining. No doubt one of the other student's idea of a joke to hide the boy's clean clothes. Maybe Padrick had planned the whole incident from start to finish. To hide her pity, she said sharply: 'Don't shout at me young man – I'm not deaf.' 
Neb lowered his voice. 'Forgive me, Chantress Anderra.' He blinked hard a couple of times. 'Griffin Master Romulus chose Balkind. He should have his chance.' 
'The griffin wouldn't behave.' 
Neb looked towards Balkind, who stared after his griffin mates. He still sat to attention, but made a low mournful clucking noise. 
'This isn't fair, and Balkind will have his chance.' Neb stated, as though he was the tutor and Anderra the student. He strode towards Balkind. A breeze got up, scattering blossom from a row of chestnut trees and across the lawns; a sudden spring snowstorm of white and pink flowers. The new students appeared frozen, apart from slight head movements. They stared from Neb, to her, and back to Neb, as though they were watching a ball game. Chantress Anderra took a deep breath; summoning every ounce of authority into her voice she called: 

'Come back here! Neb ap Neb! I order you! Don't you dare – don't dare…' 
Neb was at Balkind's side, giving the command to kneel. 
'Don't you dare get on that griffin's back – I forbid you.' 
Neb swung his leg over Balkind's back. Balkind's wings began to flap, almost drowning out Chantress Anderra's voice. 
'Neb– Balkind – Balkind and rider … Come back down here now!' She shouted as Balkind's dark grey wings slapped against the air, and griffin and rider shot upwards and away, chasing after the Griffin Master and the rest of the Griffin Riders. Neb turned his head just once, to shout over his shoulder. By some trick of the wind, Anderra heard every word.
'I'm sorry Chantress Anderra, but Balkind deserves this chance – and so do I.'

********

CHAPTER FOUR: THE GRIFFIN'S FLIGHT.
Balkind's wings effortlessly took them higher and higher, until the Manor Hall was just a smudge of yellow amongst a green background, surrounded by a denser darker greenery of tree tops. Chantress Anderra could no longer be seen, but Neb could imagine the expression on her face. He twisted around to face the front; but he need not have worried about guiding his griffin. Balkind was intent on catching up with his companions and flew straight and true. They were flying higher and faster than Neb had ever been before. He felt giddy with freedom and whooped out-loud. 
     Balkind's flight feathers cut through the air, a gentle swoosh-swoosh sound. Neb drew breath after breath deep into his lungs, wanting to savour every second. His hands rested lightly on the large veins emerging from the griffin's shoulders. Under his palms, two ancillary hearts pumped blood around an intricate network of capillaries, inflating feathered flaps of skin into wings. In flight, a griffin's ancillary heart rate went from barely ticking over to the tempo of a drum tattoo. Right now, it felt as though two butterflies continuously fluttered under Neb's hands, in a desperate bid to escape. 
He looked down. The griffin's starboard wing filled his vision. It shimmered against the air like a triangular sail. The shorter side curled around his thigh, providing warmth, security and comfort. Below Balkind's pewter grey feathers, a duller grey of the ocean glittered against the metallic grey of granite cliffs. Neb peered to his left. Again Balkind's wing filled his vision, this time outlined against a verdant green. The glorious feeling of freedom increased, filling his senses with joy. With Balkind, he felt invincible. He straightened up on the griffin's back. 
Far ahead he saw several dark blotches flying in the same direction and at roughly the same height. He gulped. It could only be Romulus and his new recruits. As the distance between Balkind and his fellow gryffants shortened, the enormity of what he had done hit home. For the first time in his life, he had directly disobeyed an order. An order given by Chantress Anderra who, together with the Griffin Master, had given him a chance far above his social status. 
It's too late to turn back, and however loud Romulus shouts, Balkind deserves his chance too. Neb told himself. He sat up straighter, and pushed his palms against Balkind's primary veins in an upwards motion. Balkind responded by soaring higher and faster and Neb whooped with delight again. I don't care if I'm hung, drawn and quartered – this is worth my life. This is my life!
 
The thermals surrounding the Cherub Cliffs began to thin; Balkind's wing movements fell into a steady pattern of swipe and glide. Below them, the terrain sped by in a jumble of greens and browns: mostly woodlands with the occasional clearing. Sometimes the clearings bulged to encircle a village: faded yellow oblongs of thatched roofs, surrounding a copper penny of a pond. Field workers and villagers alike appeared to freeze as the griffin's shadow flittered over them. Neb guessed that they shaded their eyes to look up into the sky, while their children raced each other, pointing and shouting with excitement: 'Look – look – a griffin!' Or perhaps, Neb mused, having previously seen Romulus and his new recruits flying overhead, they shouted 'Look – look – another griffin!' 
… I wonder if their mothers will tell them bedtime stories tonight about the lone griffin, and how it came to fall behind the rest of its troop. No-one had ever told Neb bedtime stories, and the idea intrigued him. If I ever have children, I'll tell them stories about "Balkind, the Naughtiest Griffin", he promised himself. 
            
Ribbons of streams connecting one village pond to the next widened, collections of thatched roofs became more frequent, but otherwise, the landscape barely changed. 
They flew on, the steady swish-swish of Balkind's wings against the air faded into the background. Neb wasn't concentrating on anything much, apart from concentrating hard on not thinking about what Romulus would have to say about "The Naughtiest Griffin Lad". Despite being alone and flying an inexperienced griffin over unknown territory, he fell into a daydream. Balkind headed in the right direction, they were far out of reach of any threat from ground, and nothing in the air – apart from another griffin – would dare attack. 

An experienced griffin rider knows better; an experienced griffin rider knows that danger is always present. Nothing in this world or any other competes with the thrill of soaring through the skies on a griffin's back. 
A thrill sharpened by the knowledge that one wrong move, one lapse in concentration can prove fatal – as Neb was about to discover.

********
 
 
Chapter Five: Samara's Story.
The fish had been out of water for hours; the entire morning in fact. But it still flopped frantically as a girl slogged through the mud towards it. Its mouth opened and closed, as though appealing for help. Samara placed her left hand over its head and with a downward swipe of the knife in her right hand, separated it from its body. Then she salvaged the body from the mud and packed it into her basket with the others, and slogged onto the next stranded fish. She left the head for Luke to deal with. 
‘Samara – look – its eye’s still blinking!’ 
Samara shuddered; eight year old boys were repulsive. This never-ending chore was also repulsive. The stench of dead and dying fish filled the air, although Samara was too deep in her own misery to notice the smell anymore. Others from her village toiled alongside her. Every able man, woman, and child had been given a hessian sack to wrap around their waist, and pressed into service. Glancing around at her co-workers, Samara decided they looked like an army of scarecrows: very muddy scarecrows at that. Yesterday, the River Cole had stretched wide and shallow as far as the eye could see. Today, its glittering waters had vanished, leaving behind this gloopy mud sprinkled with fish gasping for life. Without the fish to supplement their diet, the villagers would starve this winter. 
 
The reed-woven basket weighed her shoulder down to one side, and was almost full. One more fish and then I’ll swap this basket for an empty one, Samara told herself. Swiftly beheading the next fish, mercifully already dead, Samara shoved its body into her basket. She set her burden down and massaged her shoulder. It felt good to be rid of the basket’s weight, if only for a few moments; she gazed around her. I didn’t realise we’d ventured so far onto the mud – if the waters should come rushing back now – she pushed that thought away.
Before slinging the basket over her opposite shoulder, Samara placed her hands in the small of her back and leaned backwards, hearing vertebras click into place. Sensing a presence lurking behind her, she straightened and turned. Vander watched her with a hungry expression on his face. Samara stared back for a second, and then deliberately looked past him in an effort to pretend he wasn’t there. He was twenty years her senior and, as of this morning, also her husband to be. Vander curled his top lip, displaying teeth the same dirty yellow shade of his face. 
‘I haven’t yet received a kiss from my intended bride,’ he leered. Samara placed her hands on her hips and glared at him. ‘That wasn’t in the bargain,’ she snapped, and turned to pick up her basket. Vander wheezed a laugh, grabbed at her wrist and spun her around. 
‘Feisty! I like your spirit, but in a few years, I won’t have to ask – I’ll take.’ He pursed his lips and slobbered, acting up for the benefit of other villagers who had paused to watch this little spat. But his eyes were hard and his fingers were steely. When he released his grip, there were red marks around Samara’s wrist. 
‘I pray for death before that happens,’ Samara hissed at him. Before Vander could react, Lillian rushed to Samara’s side. 
‘Come on Samara, mother’s women are waiting for more fish to gut and salt.’ The younger girl reached down to Samara’s basket, ignored the shoulder strap, and grabbed at one handle. Samara turned her back on Vander and snatched the basket’s other handle. Together the two friends lurched through the water-puddled mud towards the river’s bank. Lillian’s hands also glistened with fish scales, but like her brother Luke, the basket over her shoulder contained only discarded fish heads. The chief’s daughter could have been excused even that light duty, but like every other youngster in the village, Lillian appeared to relish this unexpected drama. 
But for now, as they slogged towards the women bustling on the river’s bank, Lillian was unusually subdued. With her free hand, she twisted a tendril of golden hair, lifted it to her lips, and began chewing it. Samara breathed out with impatience. 
‘Lillian, I don’t blame you and I don’t blame your father. He needed money quickly to purchase extra salt and pickling barrels.’ 
Lillian shot her a sideways glance, and then her face crumpled. 
‘But Samara – Vander’s so creepy!’
‘He’s also rich.’ Vander’s two previous wives had died young, leaving him their land and livestock. Earlier this morning, Lillian and Luke’s mother had stood with her eyes lowered, listening as her husband bartered Samara’s lands and hand in marriage in exchange for Vander’s gold. The two men were of similar age, but Chief Wulfstan’s face seemed pinched with shame; in contrast, Vander glowed with pleasure. Lady Lydia waited for the two men to seal the bargain and then spoke: ‘Of course, the marriage cannot take place until Samara inherits her lands, on her eighteenth birthday.’ Remembering the altered expressions on both men’s faces brought a grim smile to Samara’s own face. 
‘It’s pointless worrying; we’ve enough on our plates, and besides, anything can happen in the next five years.’  
The sludge gave way to shingle. Scaly arms with sleeves rolled back past elbows reached down to take the basket from the two girls. Other hands reached down to help the girls clamber up onto firmer ground. 
 
Lady Lydia hurried over to the two girls and steered them towards a makeshift bench and tables. Nearby, five of the largest fish had been wrapped in leaves and were slowing turning on spits constructed above a fire. A cluster of village grandmothers turned the spit handles. Despite the heat from the flames, they all wore dark woollen shawls over their shoulders. 
‘Wash your hands, and then sit down and have some lunch.’  Without waiting for a response, she caught Samara’s hands between her own, plunged them into a basin of clean warm water, and began lathering using a lump of soft waxy soap. It felt luxurious. Samara smiled her thanks. She guessed that Lady Lydia intended to signal that her daughter’s best friend was under her own special protection. From now until the day she entered under his roof, Samara should be free from any unwanted attention from Vander. 
‘Five years, anything can happen in five years,’ Samara muttered. Lady Lydia paused in massaging Samara’s hands; her plump matronly features hardened, but then she nodded briefly. Lydia hoped that in five years' time, for everyone’s sake, this young vibrant girl would be resigned to her fate. 
In any case, as she'd already explained to Samara, only peasants married for love. 


***
  
At mid-day, almost the entire population of the village were spread out along the river's bank. Their morning's work had been laborious but they had all feasted and supped well at lunch time, although Lady Lydia made certain that the ale was well watered down. Tomorrow, the village would prepare for battle. A message had been sent to Lord Massant, who in turn would mobilise other villages' foot soldiers, and make ready his own warriors.  
Lady Lydia stared down at her hands with a grim smile; her cousin could arrive as swiftly as tomorrow to finalise details of their attack on the dam. It had been too long since their last meeting, and he might easily mistake her for one of her own washer-women. Or a fish-wife she thought, tucking her hands under her apron with a sigh. She watched her husband going from group to group of his villagers, slapping one on the shoulder, giving a word of encouragement to another, and trying to ignore Vander, plucking at his sleeve. As though feeling her eyes on him, Wulfstan paused and looked in her direction. She couldn't see his lips move, but almost certainly he smiled at her, and Lydia smiled back. 
Wulfstan was Lydia's junior, both in years and social class. Despite what she had told Samara, their union was a love match. Her friends and relatives had thrown up their hands in horror when she'd first announced plans to marry a lowly Chieftain. But Leifur had understood. Lydia's smile faded at the thought of her brother, missing now these many years. Instinctively, she searched for her own children, seeking out their distinctive blond hair. Her eyes rested on Lillian, both her daughter and Samara perched further along the river's bank with the other girls from the village. They cheered and jeered as they watched the boys playing a game of some kind on the mud flats. 
The game became rowdier by the minute, it also moved further away from the river's bank, as the boys scampered further out onto the mud. In an effort to see better, Lydia screwed up her eyes against the sun's light filtering through clouds. She watched as a silvery object spun through the air, and a fair haired boy sprinted after it, meaning to catch the fish head and lob it back. A crack, like a whip being snapped, sounded. The boys playing on the mud flat froze, as though playing a new game. Then a savage sound started up. The clamour was unlike any Lydia had ever heard and she thought for a moment that the earth was ripping in two. The noise swelled and built into a crescendo that blotted out all thought. Alarmed, Lydia glanced towards her husband. Men were on their feet, their mouths opening and closing, but their shouts went unheard. Lillian, Samara and a few of the girls raced onto the mud, the boys were racing back towards them. Lydia opened her own mouth to shout, but her voice too was lost.  
And then, as though a plug had been removed, a central stretch of mud began leeching downwards, gathering momentum into an avalanche. The terrifying noise lessened; now it sounded like a herd of cattle stampeding. Screams and shouts of 'Get back! Get back!' finally jolted Lydia into action. She jumped down from the river's bank onto shingle, aware that Wulfstan had joined her side. In the middle of acres of mud, a chasm had opened up. Weeping children, supported by their parents, passed her. Lydia's head twisted left and right, scanning for her own children. Fifty paces away, she saw Lillian and Samara clutching each other. They were staring down into the chasm. A churning rush of torrential water reached Lydia's ears. She clasped her hands over her head, screamed and sank to her knees. Wulfstan bent over her, covering her grief with his own. The river had returned, and taken their son with it. 

********
 
 
CHAPTER SIX: THE BOY'S FALL.
The daydream was an ambitious one and involved Romulus smiling at him (unlikely) and inviting him to become a sanctuary lad. (Even more unlikely now that he'd hi-jacked a griffin.) 
The fantasy continued until, just as a beaming Romulus promoted Neb to head sanctuary lad, a sudden tingling sensation prickled behind the skin of Neb's forehead. 
He snapped out of his daydream just as Balkind squawked and lunged to the left. Neb shot forwards and sideways, barely managing to stay in the saddle. A wave of nausea threatened to engulf him, and he fought it down. His hands tightened around Balkind's sensitive flight veins, and the griffin squawked in pain. 
'Balkind!' he shouted, when he'd recovered his breath. Balkind's neck was arched and his foreleg muscles rippled beneath Neb's calves. Neb still felt too unsteady to look down, but he guessed what had happened. Balkind had taken advantage of his rider's inattention to snatch at an unlucky pigeon. Neb slapped at Balkind's neck and kicked at his griffin's lower flank. 'Bad griffin, bad. Drop.' Balkind's ears went back, an early warning signal. Neb kicked harder. 'I said drop!' It didn't matter that the pigeon was probably dead. And of course, Balkind was hungry – it was growing close to dinner time. But for a griffin to snatch at passing prey with a rider on its back was forbidden. I almost fell - crazy griffin could have killed me. 
He still felt sick and dizzy, and the tendons in his hands throbbed from clutching at Balkind's flight veins so tightly. Knowing he was in the wrong didn't help Neb's mood. He kicked at Balkind again and repeated, 'bad griffin.' Balkind laid his ears back flat against his neck and snorted, but appeared to accept his scolding. Neb regained full control of his mount and finally managed to swallow down the bile in his chest. But his heart continued to thump so rapidly, it took a few seconds before a new danger registered. 
 
Balkind's hearts no longer beat against his palms. 
 
A second after that, Balkind's wing feathers, previously held so closely against his rider's thighs, began to retract and slide over each other. Immediately a wind began to ruffle at Neb's trousers. With frantic motions, Neb clenched and unclenched his hands against the griffin's main veins, in an effort to persuade Balkind to spread his wings again. If he shifted his weight even by a fraction, he would be thrown. With jerky movements, Neb slanted his head to the left, and his own heart almost stopped. Balkind's wings were at half mast. He twisted his hands against Balkind's main vein, now limp and flexible. The griffin was deliberately deflating its wings. Neb pushed against Balkind's main veins again and again, they squished ineffectively under his hands. Balkind was a stone dropping from the sky. Neb wanted to close his eyes, but couldn't.
'Please Balkind, please, fly!' his voice sounded distorted; guttural. In response, the griffin lowered its head. Neb moaned with terror as a wind sandpapered his face and rushed at his shoulders and torso with a force that threatened to tear him from Balkind's back. 'Balkind, fly!' 
But Balkind didn't. 
The ground hurtled towards them – any moment now Balkind would crash land. Images flashed through Neb's mind: Balkind nose diving into a field and ploughing a new furrow with his snout. Even if I somehow manage to hang on, Balkind will roll on me – maybe I'll be thrown clear … The internal horror show continued – his body hurtled from Balkind's back – only to smash against a tree – it would be painful – with luck he would break an arm rather than a leg. But now Neb's inner eye watched as the griffin's momentum propelled the giant beast directly towards his twisted and mangled body, trapped against a tree.  
Neb broke out in a cold sweat at this last image. Death would be preferable. Abandoning all efforts to persuade Balkind to open his wings and fly, Neb grasped at neck feathers, tucked his face against his hands, and flattened his upper body against the griffin's back. He found himself gazing at Balkind's flank. The wind continued to howl; he no longer needed to make an effort to breath, and it took a moment or two for him to realise the griffin's forelegs – his undercarriage – was still tucked up against his pearly grey stomach.  
'Balkind!' Neb screeched. But the wind snatched his cry away and the animal didn't respond.
Neb rammed his knees and calves against Balkind's sides, buried his face deeper into the griffin's neck feathers, and screwed his eyes up tightly. Balkind smelled of his sanctuary: sun ripened hay and fermented dough.  
 
Then a mighty swoosh filled Neb's ears. The wind torrent stopped. They weren't falling any more!
Neb raised his face from Balkind's neck and looked up, cautiously. His stomach churned again, this time with relief. He sat up and took a more conventional position in the saddle.
Beneath him, Balkind spread his wings and swooped skywards again. A heaviness lurched into Neb's chest as his stomach contents caught up with the sudden change in altitude. Weak with relief, he shuffled upwards. As soon as his hands were back in position, he would turn his head to one side and throw up – or so his still recovering mind told him. His hands were back in position – but Balkind's main flight veins were still deflated and no drums beat under his palms. Nor were the griffin's wings cradling his thighs. Even more alarmingly, they were climbing higher and higher into the sky. 
Neb's teeth chattered. Why had he ever thought he could be a griffin rider? Why had he ever climbed onto Balkind's back? The griffin was simply "playing up", paying his rider back for denying him a tasty snack on the wing. At any other time, Neb would have admired the griffin's aerobatic skill; swooping so low to the ground, only to soar upwards at the last second. Except this might be Neb's last second – although that would come just after he hit the ground. Soon, Balkind will be free to catch as many pigeons as he likes, he thought. Then Balkind's wings folded once more, and the griffin slanted to the left. 
They were still furlongs and furlongs above the ground!
Neb had no chance. The horizon tilted and he tumbled from Balkind's back. In desperation, he snatched at a fold of wing. It slipped through his fingers, and with a horrid inevitability, Neb plummeted earthwards. For a second, he froze. The ground rushed towards him, and he prayed that death would be instantaneous. Time slowed, a grey mass gambolled into view. Balkind! Doing a victory dance, and crowing with delight at his "trick". Neb's stomach seemed to have disappeared; his mind gibbered with terror, yet somehow managed to form two words. He pushed them through the tightness of his windpipe, formed them on his tongue and shouted them out loud:
'Balkind! Catch!' 
He flung his arms out from his body, holding them outstretched from his sides and shouted again 'Balkind – CATCH!' 
Then he closed his eyes to shut out the sight of the green undergrowth zooming up to meet him, and tried to think of nothing at all. 
Razor sharp bands of steel cut into his upper arms and a scream of agony ripped from his chest, burning his vocal cords. He screamed again when his shoulders jolted, almost tearing free from his body. Any moment he expected an iron hammer to slam into him. Instead a breeze swept against his skin. His mind scrambled for an explanation. 
Am I dead? Is this – ouch, oh gods, the pain – my afterlife? Although he hadn't lost consciousness, and he doubted pain existed afterlife. Before he could peruse this thought, the steel bands around his arms tightened. Tears choked him - he could barely catch his breath. He sobbed wordlessly, sickened by the searing pain. 
At the same time, an unbearable lightness flooded him. Balkind did catch! I'm not dead. I'm not dead! Balkind caught me. 'I'm alive!' He snorted the three syllables. Hawked, spat, and tried again: 'I'm alive!' From Balkind's belly came a happy clucking sound;  the breeze increased as the griffin prepared to soar into the sky again – with his rider still dangling from his talons. Recovering himself quickly Neb shouted 'No – Balkind – Balkind – drop!' 
The pain around his arms lessened – they still throbbed, but the iron bands vanished. Neb just had time to snatch a long deep breath before he hit the ground with a bone jarring wallop that knocked every molecule of air from his lungs. 
A second lighter thump sounded as Balkind landed, with rather more grace than his rider. Still clucking, with his neck arched, he pranced over to Neb. His eyes gleamed, his equine head filled Neb's vision and then his beak nuzzled Neb's tunic. If Balkind could talk he would be saying, 'get up, and let's do that again! Fun, fun, fun!' 
Groaning, Neb managed to pat Balkind's neck. 'Good boy, good griffin, clever, clever griffin.' 
 
Then, from somewhere behind them, a thin clear voice cut through Neb's grogginess. He whirled round, but saw nothing.
'It didn't look that clever to me,' the voice said.

********
 

 
CHAPTER SEVEN: THE GIRL TREE.
They had landed in a meadow with only a solitary tree to break up the acres and acres of lush grass. Neb pulled himself to his feet, using Balkind's leg as a crutch. Immediately, white hot bolts of pain shot through his shoulders and upper arms. 
He swayed, but managed to remain upright. 'Who's there?' he called. The tree branches rustled, and he crossed his fingers against evil spirits. Balkind stiffened and gazed fixedly at the tree. Neb placed a hand on his griffin's shoulder, and crossed the fingers of his other hand. While he was deliberating whether to take a step forward – or back – a small figure dropped from the lower branches of the tree. It landed in a crouch then straightened upright and shook back a mass of dark curls. Neb breathed a sigh of relief; it was only a girl. A girl wearing boy's trews and who appeared to have rolled in mud before gallivanting in trees. Neb frowned. Chantress Anderra's girls would know better than to ape boys. 
'Samara - My name is Samara – and you are…?' Keeping her eyes on Balkind, the girl waded towards him through knee length grass. In spite of her ragamuffin appearance, she had the assurance of Chantress Anderra herself. Neb revised his opinion of her age. Is it a Pisky? he thought, and made the sign against evil with both hands. Samara's lip curled at this. 
Behind her the tree branches rattled again; Neb's hand tightened on Balkind's shoulder. Another girl dropped from the tree, this one as fair as the other was dark, but only slightly less grubby. 
'That's Lillian', Samara said, without turning around, and prompted him again, '…and you are?' as she spoke, she stretched out a hand to Balkind, who nuzzled her palm expectantly. The fair haired girl skipped through the grass up to them, her podgy cheeks flushed and her blue eyes shining. 
'He's a Griffin Rider of course!' She grasped Neb's hand, and urged him forwards. 'Quickly, we thought you'd never come – but now we must hurry!' 
Samara's dark pebble like eyes surveyed Neb. 
'He isn't a Rider. He doesn't know what we're talking about,' she said, and her pinched anxious face appeared even more worried, if that were possible. Neb opened his mouth to explain, but his voice was drowned out by a loud bray. Balkind snorted and raised his head from nuzzling Samara's curls. He stared toward the hedge bordering the meadow. A man riding a white mule trotted through a previously unnoticed gap. 
What on Ella-earth have I stumbled into here? Neb thought – or am I still dreaming? He gazed from the mule to the fair haired girl, still dragging at his hand, to Samara. Her mind was as sharp as her face, and she hammered out an explanation:
'There's been an accident. Lillian's brother – he's only eight – is trapped. Lillian's father has gone to beg for help from the nearest Griffin Riders.' 
'Trapped?' 
'Part of the river bank sheered away. Luke managed to grab at a tree as he got swept away by the current. The tree – and Luke – are lodged against some rocks in the river's middle.'
'Can't you throw him a rope?' 
She shook her head. 'No – no one can climb down the bank – it's far too steep, and there's a risk of mud slippage. In any case, the child is terrified.' 
'Don’t say child like that. You're only five years older – and it was not an accident,' Lillian said, and Neb decided she wasn't quite as sweet as she looked. 
'Chief Luthan of Penwyn village upriver is to blame. They've built a dam – forcing the river to form a loch on their land. Now come on – hurry – else …' she fell silent as the mule trotted up. It halted ten paces away from Balkind, yawned open its mouth and brayed again. The man riding it hurriedly dismounted before it spun around and trotted back the way it had come. 
'Thank goodness you're here – ' he hurried forward with both hands outstretched – and then faltered. 'What is this? You're only a boy!' He glanced at Balkind who had returned to preening Samara's hair. 
Neb stiffened, and refrained from glaring. He squinted sideways at Samara. Unaccountably, she too seemed to dislike the gangly man. Once again, it seemed he'd assumed wrongly. 'This is my … husband to be, Vander.' Samara said, tonelessly. 
Before Neb could decide if he should congratulate or commiserate, ignoring his bride to be, Vander continued to sneer: 'A boy and a gryffant – what is Romulus thinking of – the Chief's only son is in mortal peril!' 
The gears in Neb's mind worked rapidly – he calculated Romulus and his new recruits would be lucky to return to camp before sundown. If Romulus's griffin riders were the closest then no help would be arriving until tomorrow. 
'Sir, Griffin Master Romulus has spent today at the Cherub Cliffs, selecting new recruits. They flew –' 
'–that must have been them we saw flying over – I shouted and waved – but they just waved back,' Lillian interrupted. Vander frowned at her, but dared not scold the Chief's daughter.
Instead he turned his rage on Neb: 'Then what do you do here with that griffin? Have you stolen him?' his upper lip lifted, displaying dirty white teeth. 
Neb straightened. 'No sir. I am no thief. The Griffin Master selected Balkind, but there were none to ride him.' 
'Why weren't you recruited?' Lillian asked, wrinkling up her face and peering up at him. 'You're a good rider – we saw you practising "fall and catch".' 
 
"Fall and catch" was an essential part of a griffin – and rider's training. Samara's lips twitched and her eyes seemed to dance with amusement. Neb felt a flush creeping up the back of his neck. 
'Aren't we wasting time – standing around here gossiping?' he glared at Vander, daring him to challenge. Grabbing Samara by the upper arm, he hoisted her onto Balkind's back. 'The girl will show me the way,' he said, vaulting up in front her. Before Balkind could protest, Neb kicked him forward. Balkind gambolled up the meadow's slope with the curious upsie-downsie lopsided gait of a griffin. Samara bounced against him like a rag doll, so as soon as Balkind's wings were inflated, Neb pushed him into flight, more for the sake of the griffin's comfort than the girl's. Balkind circled as he soared upwards, spreading his wings to their fullest. Both the newcomer and Lillian shrunk to toy-size, although even from here, Neb saw Lillian stamp her foot with rage at being left behind. 
Against his back, Samara's small frame shook. He thought she was trembling, but then realised she was laughing out loud with pure joy. He twisted and shouted, 'Which way?' She gestured unsteadily with one hand, and grabbed at his shoulders, causing a new spasm of pain to shoot through him. He winced, and pushed her hands down to his waist. They flew over a village, one like every other village he had passed over that day, although the main hall, huts and communal barn looked a little larger, the surrounding paddocks a little better kept than most. 
'Why would this Chief Luthan want to dam the river?' he mused. 
Samara's voice sounded against his ear. 'I told you – to form a loch. The river swells naturally here – or at least it did until yesterday. Luthan doesn't care if we starve this winter.' 
At Cherub Cliffs food was plentiful, although Neb vaguely recalled being hungry as a child. The idea that one village could deliberately cause another village's famine caused his stomach to ache. His shoulders began to throb again and he fell silent.
'You weren't practising "fall and catch" were you?' Samara asked, knowing that no-one in their right minds would practise "fall and catch" without an experienced griffin and its rider close by. Neb didn't bother to answer, and pretended to be engrossed in studying the terrain sweeping by below them. 
 They were flying over a copse of trees. On the other side were flat water meadows. 
'The river stretched from these trees – all the way over to that grass land,' Samara's voice sounded in his ear again. Neb could see the remnants of a wooden walkway, its planks partially submerged in mud. The river, which had obviously once been shallow and wide, had vanished, leaving a swampy mess behind. As Balkind flew over this quagmire, Neb noticed a chasm had opened up. Villagers, huddled on the edge of the boggy ground, waved frantically. Neb ignored them. He steered Balkind so they flew into the chasm that had been carved out by the river descending to its new bed. The griffin balked, and tilted upwards in an attempt to fly over the chasm, rather than along this musty smelling trench. 
'Steady, steady,' Neb crooned, soothing his hands along the curve of Balkind's wing, and keeping his flight level. His legs kept an even pressure against Balkind's flanks, and he sat deep into Balkind's saddle patch. Either side of Balkind's wing tips, the steep banks of earth glistened with a brown sheen. Neb wanted to fly lower, he indicated with a gentle touch for Balkind to descend, but Balkind's feathers ruffled and his flanks tensed. Who could blame him? There was danger here – any moment a further mudslide – or a misplaced wing stroke could send the griffin hurtling into the raging river far below them. 
Balkind flew on, resigned to flying over the undulating river and its spray, but his skin twitched with unhappiness. Neb responded with firm calm orders, but didn't insist on flying lower. This wasn't the time for a tussle of wills with his griffin. Find the child first – provided he's still clinging onto his tree branch, he thought, although Neb doubted anyone could survive this raging river's ice cold waters for too long. Just then, Samara shouted into his ear. 
'There he is – there – do you see him?' 
As the river curled to the right its bed widened slightly. Shiny shingle was visible on either side of its bank, and an outcrop of rocks jutted out mid stream. Flotsam frothed between the rocks and shingle. In the midst of a churning white lace, Neb spotted what seemed to be a bundle of rags caught on a tree limb, which in turn was wedged against the rocks. 
Neb focused on the scrap of humanity: the child must be alive – else he would have slipped under the tree branch by now. 
As Balkind approached the river's bend, Neb calculated the area of shingle with a sinking heart: Even if he could force Balkind to fly lower, it would be impractical to land there, and impossible to take off from. Behind him, Samara sat very still and very quiet. Neb shook his head, and actually opened his mouth to tell her they were on a fool's errand. But suddenly her voice rang out, 
'Hang on Luke, hang on! The griffin and his rider are here. You're going to be saved.'
For a moment, the child didn't move. But then with what must have been an enormous effort, he raised his head, and peered up at Samara, Neb and Balkind. 
His eyes were all Neb noticed. They were huge, terrified and begged:  "Help me; please, please help me." 
 
********
 
 
CHAPTER EIGHT: DARKLING.
 He'd seen enough. He pressed against Balkind's right shoulder, upwards and outwards. Balkind shot forwards like a cannon ball and carved a semi circle upwards in the air. Taken by surprise, the villagers, who were now standing perilously close to the chasm's edge, jumped backwards as one. Their mouths, big wide 'O's in their faces, turned to follow the griffin's flight. When Balkind landed twenty paces away, they scampered over, herd-like, to greet them. It seemed everybody wanted to speak at once, and every child wanted to pet the griffin. Adding to the pandemonium, Balkind, who adored being the centre of attention, began to crow, a deep two-toned hoot of happiness. 
'Quiet, all of you!' Neb shouted, surprising himself as much as the jubilant crowd. They fell silent for a second, and then the noise increased twofold as greetings, observations and questions were shouted out. Giving up, Neb patted Samara's knee as a signal for her to dismount. She half slid, half fell from Balkind's back, only to be caught by a burly man who had pushed his way to the front of the crowd. The man's eyes were almost on a level with Neb's. He supported Samara with one arm, and held out the other to grasp Neb's arm. 
'I'm Blain of Darkling,' he said, and turning his head roared at the villagers 'Quiet – the lot of you – and back off – give the Griffin Rider room to dismount!' 
 
Neb wondered if this was the Chief, and then wondered if Blain would catch him too: he was a man-mountain, capable of scooping Neb under one arm and Samara under another. His bicep muscles bulged from under a sleeveless vest, and were equal to Neb's waist. A shock of thick black hair swept back from his brow to his shoulders, an equally thick black beard covered the lower part of his face, apart from his mouth of course. It stretched wide open now, as Blain yelled again, 'Back off the lot of you – give the rider some room.' 
Now he no longer needed to concentrate on directing Balkind along the river's course, Neb's aches and pains returned, as did the dizziness. He looked down at the ground, and decided to wait for it to stop moving before dismounting. 
Black Blain of Darking, he thought; if he isn't Chief, he should be. 
'Not quite lad,' Blain said, giving him a strange look, and Neb realised he had spoken out loud. 'I'm one of Chief Wulfstan's counsel.' He jerked his head towards the other villagers. 'Someone had to remain behind to keep this rabble in line.' 
The villagers had retreated to a respectful distance, but kept their eyes on Neb; they smiled in his direction as they muttered to their neighbours. 
'Thank heavens, help is here at last.' – 
'The griffin rider will save the child now.' – 
'The rider and his griffin – did you see the way they swooped overhead.' – 
'Our prayers have been answered!' 
Blain's eyes were also gleaming with excitement. 
Neb felt sick. Stomach sick, head sick and heart sick. In a moment he would have to open his mouth and explain he could do nothing to save the child. Taking a deep breath and squaring his shoulders, he swung a leg over Balkind's withers and slid to the ground. Balkind allowed him to slump against his side for a second or two, and then just as the ground stopped moving under his feet, the griffin ambled off to be petted by his newest friends. Once again, the villagers crowded around Balkind; it was a rare occurrence to see a griffin at such close quarters. 
One woman stood apart from the crowd, clasping her hands together and gazing at Neb with an unspoken hope. He noticed the gold rings on her fingers, the embroidered headscarf over her blonde hair, and guessed this was Lillian's – and Luke's mother. Neb looked around for Samara; she had seen how impossible this task was  –  she would back him up. But Samara had disappeared, leaving him feeling strangely alone. Taking another deep breath, he grasped Blain's elbow and walked him out of earshot. The older man's eyes grew wary. Neb watched comprehension dawn. 
'You can't help the child?' he stated bluntly, before Neb could say anything. 
'I don't think even Romulus could persuade Fletcher to fly into that river. Have you seen it? It's like a never-ending tidal wave. Even if I had the skill – the chasm's so narrow – there's nowhere to land – and in any case, the griffin's feathers will get water logged – he'll never be able to take off again.'
Confiding his doubts took a weight from his shoulders. Pain ripped through them again as Blain's arm descended, and Neb found himself twisted around. 
'Do you want to be the one to go and tell her then?' Blain growled. Neb's eyes met the woman's – in fact, her eyes had probably never left him. Blain twisted him again. Neb found himself watching the villagers patting Balkind. He cringed at the contempt in Blain's voice: 'Go and explain to your new supporters – you can ride a griffin – but you're no Griffin Rider.' 
Neb gritted his teeth, partly in pain, partly in exasperation. 'What would you have me do? Shout at the waters to turn back? I was only taking that griffin to Romulus. I'm not a Griffin Rider, and never claimed to be.' He spoke in a fierce whisper. Blain also lowered his voice, jabbing a meaty finger into Neb's chest for emphasis: 
'There's a child down there who's clinging on to life, waiting for someone to do something. Are you going to just fly away? Because you're probably his last chance. Without you, and that griffin – the child's doomed.' 
 
Unheeding of the pain and the fact that Blain was twice his size, three times his age and many times his superior, Neb shrugged the giant's arm aside. 'Then the child is doomed, with or without me. No griffin will fly into that river – it would become waterlogged within seconds, and then the griffin – and its rider – would be swept away by the current.' 
Blain dropped his head, and for a moment, Neb thought he was going to charge at him, like a bull. When he looked up again, his face was thoughtful, not angry. 
'If I can stop the water's spate – just for minutes – could you … persuade … your griffin to reach the child?' 
Neb's head throbbed, and his shoulders and upper arms burned with pain. He looked across at the villagers, who sensing discord, had stilled. Glancing past them, he saw Lillian had rejoined her mother. They stood with their arms around each other. Every man, woman and child stared at him. The lead weight settled on him again, but he couldn't face telling them the truth. He sighed heavily, and then nodded. 
'Stop the river's flow, and I'll do everything in my power to reach the child.'
 
Blain nodded his approval. He tightened his belt several notches around his waist, and slodged away to survey the quagmire either side of the chasm. He paid particular attention to the broken bridge's planks, still roped together. Around sixty planks were scattered on the mud this side of the river. They petered out a few paces from the chasm's edge. The other half of the bridge had fared better, with its planks dangling a third of the way down the chasm's side. Several of the younger men slogged alongside Blain; he began giving instructions for the planks to be extracted from the mud and piled in a particular spot. Then he raised his voice and gathered the rest of the villagers around him. Within minutes, women scurried into the woods with their children following. Men paired off to grapple with beams broad and heavy enough to serve as house rafters. Neb watched; Blain was a force of nature himself. The giant would have his dam, or the makings of his dam ready in minutes. 
A hand fluttered on Neb's arm. Luke's mother was at his side. Her eyes were red rimmed, but dry. 'Romulus sent you?' she asked in a voice that caught at Neb's heart  – tremulous yet hopeful, wanting to be reassured. Neb exchanged glances with Blain, who grimaced and returned to supervising his workforce. Luke's mother waited patiently for his response, while her eyes continued to beseech him. She wore rings on her fingers, but her hands were roughened, and she wore an apron over her clothes. Her skirt was creased, as though it had been tucked up over her knees. Fish scales coated her arms to her elbows, like a pair of shimmering gloves. Lady Lydia had been doing her own appraisal of him. She closed her eyes tightly, with a small gasp of despair. But when her eyes reopened, they were still dry. From somewhere, she summoned a smile. Her hand still rested on his arm, and she squeezed it gently. 
'I'm sorry,' Neb blurted, 'I'm just a griffin's boy, from Cherub Conventus. I was on my way to …' 
She waved his explanation away. 'Does Blain know?' 
He nodded. She squeezed his arm again. 'If Blain trusts you, then I trust Blain.' 
He felt forgiven for not being what she needed; an experienced Griffin Rider. 
'Thank you,' he stammered. 
She swallowed hard a couple of times, as though to hold back her tears before replying: 'You're my son's last hope. And only a fool would give up hope, if hope is all that's left.' She pulled a small knife from her pocket, and swiped it clean against her apron. It was pressed into his hands. Neb looked at her and raised his eyebrows. 
'While you're waiting for Blain, you may as well trim your griffin's talons.' Her eyes roved over his shoulders, to the blood stained rips on his tunic's sleeves. 'Don't worry, I'll caution Lillian not to tell anyone else you were practising "fall and catch" with a novice griffin,' she shook her head and clicked her tongue: 'You boys, always getting into scrapes and breaking your mothers' hearts.' With that, she rushed away. 
At first, Neb thought she was sobbing. But instead she approached Blain and their heads bent as they conferred together. Blain shrugged, then cupped his hands to his mouth and shouted something unintelligible to a group of women on the other side of the river.  Neb wondered if they were sisters, or part of a religious sect, as they all wore red headscarves over their hair. The women responded to Blain with cat-calls. But then Luke's mother shouted to them. Her voice carried clearly: 'Please ladies, I know many of you have children of your own. For their sakes, I beg you, help save my child's life. But please hurry, we don't have much time.' 
Reminded of the chore she had given him, Neb whistled for Balkind who ambled over, together with Lillian and a few of her friends. The children continued to pet Balkind as Neb knelt. Lifting the griffin's front left talon on to his lap, he began trimming the raptor like claws, taking care not to cut into the quick. Balkind's tail twitched, but he closed his eyes and pretended he wasn't really there. 
The children began piping questions: 
'Why are you doing that?' 
'What does a griffin eat?' 
'Can I have a ride on your griffin?' 
'Can I be a Griffin Rider?' 
Neb ignored them, but wished they'd go away. He reset Balkind's foot on the ground, and went to squat beside the next leg. The talon clippings gleamed like opals on the ground. 'Can I keep these?' Lillian asked. 
He nodded, brushed the hair from his eyes, and started on Balkind's right talon. 'Plant them and maybe you'll grow your own griffin,' he grunted. This had the desired effect; with childish squeals, his audience scooped up the clippings and ran off. Apart from one. One pair of small brown feet didn't move. Somehow Neb knew they belonged to Samara. She crouched to gather the last handful of discarded clippings. Her eyes met his. 
'At least Luke's arms won't be ripped to shreds,' she said. They both straightened. Around them, the air was filled with a soft thunk-thunk-thunk of wooden slabs being stacked against each other. Women slogged through the mud, dragging tree branches behind them. They shouted and yelled instructions to each other as they piled the branches, still festooned with leaves and dripping with mud, into a pyramid shape. Older children carried armfuls of undergrowth, bracken and ferns. Above all the hub-bub, Blain's voice carried clearly. 
'He's building a dam,' Samara said in wonderment. Neb grimaced. 'It won't hold for long.' He glanced at the clay flask Samara nursed against her chest, and then glanced across the chasm. The women were still there. He realised they weren't wearing scarlet headscarves; their hair was dyed bright red. He nodded towards them, 'Who are they?' 
Samara wrinkled her nose. 'Ladies of the night. They ply their trade in a hamlet midway between our village, and a couple of neighbouring town-steads.' 
Blain cupped his hands to his mouth and shouted across the chasm. 'Be ready ladies.' In response, they lifted their skirts and jeered.
'What did they say?' Samara asked. Neb blushed. 'I didn't hear,' he lied. 'Blain's probably asked them to cut the bridge ropes and hurl the remaining planks from their side into the river on his signal.' His throat tightened. 'Once the river's dammed, Balkind and I will get as close to Luke as we can.' He frowned, 'If only there was someway to explain to the child – to tell him what to expect.'  
Samara pushed the flask into his hands. 'Drink this – it will sooth your pain. There's a ledge – I can climb down there.' Neb started in alarm, and almost dropped the flask. Samara curled her fingers around his, and pressed it to his lips. 
'Drink – please – it will calm your nerves and sooth your pain.' 
'My nerves don't need calming.' He had grown used to the constant pain in his shoulders and arms. Blain was striding towards them. 'Get ready boy.' He nodded in approval when he saw the flask. 'Clever girl, Samara! Drink that down lad, it'll steady your nerves.' 
Samara slipped away, toward the edge of the chasm. 
'Where's she going now?' Blain stared after her, and then rubbed at his eyes as Samara's waif-like body slipped into the chasm, and disappeared from view. 
'She said there's a ledge, she can get closer to Luke and warn him what to expect,' Neb explained. Blain nodded again. 'She's only a slip of a girl, barely weighs a feather. She should be safe.' He rubbed his eyes again and then blinked them open. They appeared as two white patches in a sea of mud and facial hair. 
He smiled wearily at Neb, and nodded at the flask. 'Drink up lad, the show's about to start.' 
Neb sipped at the potion. It left a bitter taste in his mouth, and his stomach churned somersaults as he watched Blain stalk back to his improvised dam materials. 
'Show time Balkind,' he whispered. The griffin, sensing his rider's anxiety, nibbled at Neb's hand. Poor Balkind, even without the river raging beneath, he isn't going to enjoy flying at the bottom of the chasm. If only he were a little more obedient, and a little less intelligent. 
Like a bolt of lightning an idea struck – Balkind, the cleverest griffin of all; obeyed him – most of the time anyway! He stroked the griffin's neck feathers, thinking through this new plan. He glanced across the quagmire to Blain, waiting for Neb's signal. 
Blain won't like it - he might understand, but it means losing precious seconds, and he won't approve. Dare I risk it?
'Are you ready?!' Blain shouted, impatience in his voice. Neb made up his mind. Raising his hand, he lowered it with a chopping motion. 'Ready!' He shouted back. Then his mouth dried up and time slowed to a crawl. He reached up, grasped Balkind's snout, and led him to the edge of the chasm. 

********
 
CHAPTER NINE: CHASING RAINBOWS AND RESCUING CHERUBS.
Three paces from the chasm's edge, Blain and another equally hefty villager heaved on a lever lodged under the planks. Their grunting increased, and then they gave a mighty roar. Immediately an avalanche of wood rumbled and rattled its way down the chasm's side. Blain shouted again: 'Now ladies – now!' and from the other side of the river, a second avalanche of wood hurtled downwards. The bridge or, rather, its planks were reunited. As if they were performing a well rehearsed dance, villager women took turns to hurl armfuls of woodland debris over the chasm's side, twigs and leaves knitted themselves into the bridge's planks. Meanwhile, to patch up any weak spots, their men folk strategically aimed small boulders into the wooden bank. Within seconds the river's waters slowed to a trickle. 
Neb patted Balkind. 'See – all gone – water all gone.' 
Blain's plan had worked. His makeshift dam of jumbled planks, jammed with branches, bracken, and boulders, filled the basin of the chasm. But on the other side of the barrier, the water was already noticeably higher and continued to rise. The makeshift nature of the dam worked in their favour though. Water found its way through cracks and crevices, and the trickle grew into a stream, relieving some of the pressure. Balkind peered down the slope with interest, then looked away. Neb curled his arm around Balkind's leg, and leaned out over the chasm, seeking the ledge Samara had spoken of. He saw her huddled against the slope, just where the river curved. She hunched on a barely there ledge, about twelve arm's lengths above Luke's body. Now only pools of water and mud surrounded the child, but the mud would be quicksand soft and treacherous. And at any moment, the river could burst through the dam. 
Blain called again: 'Go – fly! What are you waiting for?' The giant continued to shovel tree limbs down onto his dam, but Vander led a posse of men towards boy and griffin. It wouldn't be long before their perplexed expressions turned to anger. Time was running out. 
 
Reaching up, Neb tugged Balkind's head down to his, and rested his brow against Balkind's brow. Balkind nibbled at his tunic's shoulder, and Neb flinched. 'Balkind, look,' he angled Balkind's head so the griffin could see into the ravine. 
'See Balkind, see? Cherub.' He used the term for a baby griffin, folded his arms and made a rocking motion. Balkind clucked in alarm and rushed forwards. Neb placed a warning hand on his withers. 'No, no, Balkind. Balkind – catch – catch cherub.' Balkind clucked uncertainly, and cocked his head to one side to peer down the ravine again. 'Yes, catch. Good Balkind!' Neb reached up, grabbed Balkind's snout and placed his brow against Balkind's again. He blew softly through his nose, into Balkind's nostrils. 'Behave Balkind. Behave  – best behave.' He let go of the griffin's head, and pressed on the griffin's shoulder. Balkind crouched, and snuffled with pleasure at his own obedience. 
The villagers' mutterings were audible now – 
'He's scared' 
'lost his nerve.' 
'You can never trust an outsider.' 
Vander shouted, 'I'll fly the bloody griffin,' and broke into a run, just as Neb threw his leg across Balkind's back. Balkind's wings puffed out, he flapped them twice sending Vander and his gang diving to the ground. Neb pressed his feet into Balkind's flanks, and pressed his palms against the edge of the griffin's wings. The griffin's wings unfurled, its haunches coiled and Balkind leapt into the chasm. 

Balkind’s wings sliced into the air and forced it downwards, creating a slip stream behind him and his rider. Then, like a swimmer reaching forwards with both arms to propel through the water, the griffin’s massive wings stroked upwards again, captured another wingspan of air and pushed it down and behind them. Neb's palms rested on the griffin’s main flight veins, protruding either side of the animal’s shoulders. His own heart kept time with Balkind’s hearts as they increased their tempo. Within five wing-beats, they were over the chasm. Neb squeezed his left hand against Balkind’s vein, and the griffin responded by lowering his left wing. They flew over the red haired women, and circled over Blain’s dam. 
The rush of exhilaration that always accompanied those first moments of flight should be draining; the sight of thousands of tons of water battering at Blain’s dam should scare him senseless. But instead of Neb's senses leaving him, they heightened. He saw the world with new eyes; as a child does. Everything appeared magnified  – he could see the individual fronds that made up Balkind’s feathers. He watched buds unfurling from a distant chestnut tree, and the delicate scent of blossom filled his nostrils. Yet at the same time, the world shrunk. He was outside his body, looking down on the scene: A griffin stretched its silvery wings to glide over a muddy ravine; a boy with startling white blond hair crouched on its back, urging the beast onwards and downwards. Something barely seen streamed alongside the griffin and his rider. Neb focused on these ribbons of dancing light. Strands of glistening yellow, gold and copper raced along, inches from the ground. They flowed around and through trees, grass and villagers; and every living thing they touched glowed with a new light. 
I’ve been blind. I’ve never really opened my eyes before, he thought. It seemed the saddest thing to leave this world of lightness behind and plunge deeper into the dank chasm. But Balkind was a griffin on a mission, intent on reaching the “cherub”, and without waiting for instructions, descended into the chasm. With a stab of regret, knowing this world of high spirits was not for him, at least not yet, Neb concentrated on guiding his griffin. Balkind’s wing tips fluttered against the mud banks, which towered above them. The newly exposed earth reeked of mould and vegetation. A dampness pervaded everywhere. From far behind he heard water battering against a solid object. They were skimming yards above the river’s bed now, and up ahead, a tree protruded from the mud. Neb brushed his knees against the outline of Balkind’s shoulder muscles. The griffin’s forelegs un-tucked from his belly, and stretched outwards. Immediately, their flight faltered and slowed. The bundle of clothes attached to the tree stirred, and the tree settled deeper into the mud. 
We wasted too much time, I wasted too much time; we’ll never reach him in time. Instead of an effortless swoosh-swoosh, Balkind’s wings scrabbled at the air. A tremendous blast sounded from behind: Blain’s dam had been breeched; an ice cold wind swept through the muddy channel. The uproar of churning water increased, already the first sprays splashed along the basin. Balkind squawked in anger, and flapped his wings harder. From above and to Neb's right, a voice shouted ‘Now Luke, now! Get ready!’ The tree trunk rolled as Luke struggled to sit upright. His eyes were wide and fixed on Balkind. They were only wing beats away, but a churning mass of water thundered on Balkind’s tail. The griffin shied upwards, they were almost upon the child – but the river surged directly below Balkind. This was a race they could not win. Samara’s voice screeched again ‘Now Luke!’ 
A determined look flashed across the child’s face; he pulled his feet under his haunches, and just as the river’s waters smashed against the tree trunk, sweeping it free from the rocks and sending it hurtling downriver, Luke jumped with out stretched arms. 
‘Catch, Balkind, catch!’ Neb shouted. 
Balkind’s forequarters tilted forwards – his wings beat double time, adding to the unbearable crescendo of noise filling the chasm. Neb thought he heard Samara scream, a strange rippling noise came from below Balkind, as though something dragged in this maelstrom. Ahead of them, the river’s channel curved. Balkind’s mouth was open, and he wheezed with the effort of negotiating the bend. As they straightened up, Neb leaned forwards and peered down. Beneath them, the river was in full spate again, it raged inches below Balkind’s belly. Luke dangled from the griffin's talons, submerged up to his waist. Up ahead, the waters swirled and frothed as if in a boiling cauldron. Neb knew what this meant: Another outcrop of rocks, this time fully submerged, waited to rip Luke’s body from the griffin’s grasp. 
Neb's skin, already drenched with damp, goose bumped painfully. With a sob, he curled his hands around the edges of Balkind’s main wing arteries. He pulled his knees up until they pressed together over Balkind’s back, and lodged his feet against Balkind’s wings. Then, summoning every ounce of strength, he yanked Balkind’s wing edges up. His biceps strained with the effort, and his shoulders rippled with pain. Balkind squawked as he yanked the griffin’s wings upwards again. Neb's feet scrabbled for purchase, his knees slipped and he flattened the length of his body against the griffin’s back. He pulled at Balkind’s wing edges again, adding his strength to Balkind’s powerful muscles. Pain shot through his lower back, sizzled up to his shoulders and nestled in his arms. Unbidden tears spurted from Neb's eyes. But they were climbing. The air became fresher, the trench’s sides widened. Still he kept his hands hooked over Balkind’s wings, his arms spread along Balkind’s flight feathers. They flapped in unison with Balkind, and he became part of the griffin. He felt the griffin’s triumph in his own chest, and when Balkind bellowed, he bellowed too. 
 
Balkind’s wing stroke returned to its usual casual swipe against the air currents. His skin convulsed, as if to shrug off excess water. Neb scrambled to regain his seat, just in time to stop Balkind performing a full and thorough shaking of his feathers. ‘No! Balkind, no,’ he said. With his hands back in riding position, he directed the griffin’s flight. They circled back to the villagers, who huddled together once more and cheered. Neb sensed Balkind getting ready to soar into the skies and perform a victory dance. ‘Steady, steady,’ he said, and kept a gentle pressure against the griffin’s sensitive wing veins. The hot humid air that usually surrounded the griffin in flight was back, but still Neb shivered in his damp clothes. Poor little Luke, first dipped in ice cold water and now dangling from Balkind's talons, would perish from cold and shock if they didn’t land soon.  
‘Steady, steady,’ Neb repeated, stroking his hands across Balkind’s flight veins. The beautiful dancing lights had vanished, a sickening throb had returned to his shoulders, and the villagers shouting at him were an unwanted distraction. Neb's eyes swept the landscape; there were no handy haystacks or even a bushy tree nearby. A shout caught his attention; he looked down to see a giant racing towards them with exaggerated leg movements. It was Blain, and his belly bounced with the effort of running with thick mud dragging at his feet. An unusual sensation bubbled in Neb's chest, and he giggled. Blain, now running directly underneath Balkind, scowled up at him and shouted again. 
‘Drop the child!’ 
Of course – Luke! Neb giggled again at his own silliness, leaned forwards and shouted, ‘Balkind, drop!’ He heard a thump, followed by an ‘oomph,’ and leaned sideways to peer down at the ground. Blain lay spread eagled in the mud with the child splurged face down over his stomach. As Neb watched, Lydia, Lillian and a few other women streamed towards Blain and Luke, both struggling to extract themselves from the mud.  
‘Good catch!’ he shouted, as Balkind soared up into the sky. This time, Neb didn’t try to restrain him. 

Balkind had earned his victory dance. 
 
Neb whooped as they roller coastered through the skies. Balkind bellowed, and a deep throaty bellow answered. Neb twisted his head to see Fletcher flapping towards them. His golden wings pushed down against the air with the greatest of efforts, and the old griffin’s head drooped with weariness. No wonder. On his back sat Romulus. Behind Romulus, another stout man rode pillion. Even from here, Neb could see the Griffin Master’s lips set in a thin line. Sensing his rider had sobered, Balkind stopped cavorting. Romulus stretched his arm out straight and then dropped it; his order was clear: “down.” 
With a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach, Neb signalled Balkind to land. The griffin touched down and then crouched for its rider to dismount. As he slid from the griffin’s back, Neb saw that Balkind had landed conveniently close to the remains of some roasted fish. But there was no time to caution Balkind to behave; Fletcher landed, and also crouched for his rider to dismount. The older griffin shot Balkind a warning look and cackled. Romulus stomped towards them. The unscarred side of the Griffin Master’s face was puce and his lips worked furiously to push aside spittle. Romulus literally foamed at the mouth. Neb stood to attention on legs that had turned to jelly and tried to control his trembles. From the corner of his eye, he saw Balkind slobbering over fish bones. That decided him; Neb screwed his eyes closed tightly and hoped that his punishment would abate Romulus’s rage. At least most of the villagers appeared to have deserted the river’s bank. Apart from a couple of men rolling one of the pickle barrels towards the woods, there would be no one to witness his humiliation. The smell of griffin sweat swept over Neb, the searing pains in his shoulders chose that moment to return, and he clenched his fists, thinking: Don’t faint. Whatever happens, don’t faint. At that moment, a woman’s scream rang out: 
‘Wulfstan! Husband – Luke’s safe! The griffin rider saved our child.’ 
Neb's eyes sprung open, black spots danced inches from his nose. Through them, he saw Lady Lydia, her skirts hitched up and her legs flashing as she sprinted from the woods towards her husband. Both Wulfstan and Romulus turned towards her, both with identical expressions of surprise. The black spots danced again; they magnified to flood his vision, and Neb's conscious thoughts simply slipped away.

********
 
CHAPTER TEN: THE BOY'S SECRET.
A dry mustiness tickled his nose and throat; for a split second, Neb thought he was in a griffin’s sanctuary. Then he decided that he lay face down on a straw mattress. He rolled his head to one side and opened his eyes, but that caused tiny white stars to explode in his head, and he shut them again quickly. In the flickering light of an oil lamp though, he had glimpsed a spear and a shield leaning against a wall. Liquid gurgled, cups chinked together and a voice rumbled: 
‘I tell you Rommey, I’ve never seen anything like it. The way that boy controlled his griffin. He practically hung off its wings to force it upwards – in such a confined space – with a child dangling from its talons.’ There was a silence, then the voice repeated: ‘Never – hic – seen anything like it.’ Silence descended again. Just as Neb’s mind slipped into a lower gear, another voice spoke. 
‘I wish I had seen it. Balkind can be a difficult ride.’ Every word sounded as though it had been first weighed, and then judged for its worth. Only one person hoarded speech like gold. Romulus! Neb’s mind sat up and paid attention; surely it was Blain’s turn to speak now! More liquid gurgled and again, cups chinked. 
‘I tell you Rommey, that boy and that beast,’ Blain broke off and slurping, followed by a burp, sounded. Then Blain continued his train of thought: ‘that boy and his griffin, there’s the makings of something special there.’ 
Even though it was dark, Neb knew Romulus looked in his direction, probably to make certain he was asleep. After an age, Romulus spoke again: ‘Agreed.’ 
Because it was dark, Neb allowed himself a smile. He dozed, listening to Blain recount some long ago battle, when he and “Rommey” were young. 

Blain’s voice rumbled on, interjected now and then with Romulus’ grunts of assent. Other sounds drifted through the hut’s wall, voices rising and falling in song, and the occasional shout of laughter. Neb didn’t doubt that Balkind was also bedded down somewhere comfortable and safe. Blain’s door creaked open, footsteps shuffled and quiet words were exchanged. A table was trundled over from somewhere to Neb’s bedside and a basin set on it. From outside, Wulfstan’s voice called 'Blain, Griffin Master Romulus! Are you two going to gossip like old women all night?' 
Another male voice shouted 'Come out here, and join in the merry-making.' The last words were punctuated by a couple of feminine squeals of delight, and the drums and pipes started up again. 
‘Leave the girl to her business; she’s a good little maid,’ the Chief commanded. There was more shuffling, a door hinge creaked, and Neb sensed Blain and Romulus were gone. 

‘You can stop pretending to be asleep now, the Griffin Master’s not cross anymore anyway.’ Samara’s voice sounded close and the warm glow of a lamp played against his eyelids. 
‘I am asleep,’ Neb mumbled, feeling his blankets being drawn back. But he opened his eyes. Samara crouched at his bedside, a small knife in her hand. 
‘I’m sorry,’ she said, ‘but I’m going to have to cut your hair – it’s matted to your skin.’ Her left hand was already curled around Neb’s hair at the nape of his neck. She tugged on it to illustrate the problem. Neb’s hand shot out and grabbed at the knife. 
‘No,’ he slurred, ‘please don’t. It’ll be all right.’ 
‘It won’t be all right; it’s a bloody mess, and sticking to your wounds. They’ll go bad.’ 
With an effort, Neb managed to raise his head and looked into Samara’s bead-like black eyes. ‘Please don’t,’ he repeated. 
‘Heavens, you’re even vainer than Lillian when it comes to your golden locks.’ She dabbed at his hair with a damp sponge, and began peeling wet hair from skin. Neb hunched his shoulders against the uncomfortable sensation. 
‘Don’t fidget, and don’t blame me if …’ Samara broke off mid-sentence, and Neb steeled himself for the questions to follow. Instead, Samara continued sponging. Neb started to breathe again; she hadn’t noticed. In the hut's gloom, the new superficial wounds on his back hid the horror of his past. Or maybe, the scars have faded, he thought hopefully. That hope was dashed when Samara’s hand began tracing the mass of scars covering his right shoulder blade and back, which were usually hidden from prying eyes. 

‘What happened?’ she asked, in a hushed tone. 
‘A fire,’ Neb replied, and because his shoulders throbbed with a dull ache, he added, ‘is there any potion left in the flask?’ 
Samara’s hand continued to trace the scarred skin and tissue. Her fingers brushed his right shoulder blade and travelled across his shoulder to his upper arm. 
‘A fire?’ she repeated, doubt in her voice. 
‘Have you gone suddenly deaf? A fire. Is there any potion left in the flask?’ 
Samara’s hand traced from his bicep back up to his shoulder; he felt her breath on his neck as she leaned closer to inspect the scar tissue. Finally she replied, ‘No, you drunk it all; you drunk too much. Blain said you were giggling like a maiden at her first dance.’ 
Neb frowned, certain he’d only taken a couple of sips of the bitter liquid. Before he could question her further, she added, ‘There is no more; it’s made from a ferment of mushrooms and you had the last flask.’ 
She dipped her hand into a small earthenware pot and began slathering a cool lotion over his back; her fingertips seemed to massage beneath his skin, and soothed the tension from his muscles. They lapsed into silence and Neb began to drift into sleep, when Samara spoke into his ear again. 
‘There, all done. I’ll comb the tangles from your hair now.’ 
He wanted to tell her not to bother; he’d had enough fussing, but once again her hand curled around his hair at the nape of his neck. It was pointless to argue with Samara; in the short time he'd known her, she seemed always to get her own way. 
 Samara crooned while she combed, pausing now and then to work free a stubborn tangle. His mind drifted away again. Then he felt a sharp tug at his scalp. He looked up to see Samara standing over him, her knife in one hand, a lock of his hair curled in the other. 
‘Just to remember you by,’ and she stooped to brush his cheek with her lips. ‘I don’t even know your name,’ she whispered. 
Neb closed his eyes and tried hard to remember; it had been so long since anyone had called him by his given name. Memories fluttered by: a woman wearing an elaborate golden headdress turned to smile at him and then was gone, replaced by other images that were too brief to catch. But Samara waited for an answer so seconds before an unconscious sleep claimed him, he mumbled more in hope than truth: ‘My name is Balkind's boy.'

********
 
 
 
 
 

 
Chapter Eleven: The Banshee's Brother.
An unearthly shriek woke him. Neb sprung upright, ready to flee, but it was too late. A banshee stood over him and howled with rage. 
'What –' He plucked at the blanket puddled around his waist, meaning to cower beneath it, when he realised the banshee wasn't after him. It swooped and in the same movement, stood, dragging Samara upwards by her hair. From the other side of the hut, Blain shouted. Samara screamed and the banshee continued to howl. 
Neb twisted awkwardly, trying to keep the blanket from slipping, but wanting to help Samara. Fortunately within two strides a bleary eyed Blain joined in the tussle. 
'Kattin, stop this!' he roared and untangled the claw-like fingers from Samara's hair by snapping them backwards. The banshee shrieked even louder and Neb realised it was in fact a woman. Her face was contorted with hatred and fresh droplets of blood formed in the gouges raked across her cheeks. Her eyes were wide and red-rimmed, they bulged as she glared at Samara. 
'My brother's dead – murdered in his bed!' 
'Vander? Vander's dead? But how?' Blain released his grip on the woman and glanced from Neb to Samara, as though seeking answers from them too. Samara's face was white and her hair muzzy, but otherwise, she seemed unmoved by this news.
Kattin choked back a sob and spat: 'Ask this murdering chit!' 
Samara caught the older woman's hand as it flashed towards her. 'Don't,' she warned. 'I've been here all night. I tended to the griffin boy's hurts, and then I was tired and lay down on the floor and slept.'
Vander's sister screamed into Samara's face 'You liar! You're a liar!' Her fingernails raked at her own cheeks again. 
Blain picked her up, and carried her to the far wall of his hut. He set her on her feet, but kept her imprisoned in his arms. Lady Lydia, followed by one of her women, ducked through the doorway. 'What is all this noise! And in front of our guest!' she scolded. 
Kattin turned her face into Blain's chest, and sobbed. Blain patted at her rat's nest of hair with a clumsy motion. 'There there, Kattin, there there.' Over her head, he shrugged at the Chieftain's wife. 
Lydia cast a glance towards Samara, who had climbed onto the bed to huddle behind Neb's back. 
'What have you done Samara?' she whispered. Samara hugged her knees closer to her chest, Neb felt her trembling. 
'I've done nothing, I was here all night.' 
'She's murdered my brother! That's what she's done! My Vander – my little brother! Yesterday he was happy and full of life; today he's dead!' Kattin spat, and turned to wail into Blain's chest again. Lydia tapped her serving woman's hand, 'Helda, go and see, take Alfred with you.' Helda nodded, and scurried away. Lydia meanwhile, extracted Blain from Kattin's grip. The woman gave a last sob, sniffed and dragged her arm across her eyes. Then she glared at Neb, as though she could see through him to Samara. 

 
Neb looked to Blain for guidance, but the big man appeared as confused and uncomfortable as he felt. Blain shrugged again, and in answer to Lydia's unspoken question said 'She could have been here all night – I – me and Rommey – well – you saw us. I've no idea where Romulus is – with his griffins I suspect, I slept in the chair over there.' 
Lady Lydia's pale blue eyes surveyed Neb. He shivered, and pulled the blankets up and around his bare chest. 'Did Samara lay by your side all night?' she asked tonelessly. Behind him, Samara caught her breath. Neb thought for a second and then answered truthfully: 'She was here when I fell asleep, and here when I woke up just now.' 
From the doorway, Helda gasped. Excitement flushed her cheeks. She seemed to be having a wonderful morning. Lydia turned to her, and Helda nodded vigorously. 'He's dead all right!' She confirmed, just as a swarthy middle aged man, presumably Alfred, jostled her aside and entered Blain's hut, followed closely by Chief Wulfstan. 
Lady Lydia addressed her husband: 'Kattin has accused Samara of causing her brother Vander's death, but it seems our ward spent the night here, on the floor.' 
Samara's ragged breathing evened and quietened. 
Chief Wulfstan looked first at Blain and then towards Neb and Samara. 'Is this true?' 
Uncurling herself, Samara placed her feet on the floor, and stood up. She wore only her sleeveless knee-length under-shift, and looked very pale and very young. 'It's true. I did as Lady Lydia asked,' she rested her hand on Neb's shoulder 'he fell asleep, it was noisy outside.' She lowered her eyes to the floor, as though she found something interesting crawling around in the straw. 'I – it sounded as though –  some of the men were drunk, so I thought it would go better for me to sleep here.' She raised her chin defiantly, and looked directly at Kattin. 'I did not want to be bothered by any unwanted attention, the griffin's boy was asleep.' 
'A drugged sleep!' Kattin screeched 'and then you crept outside – '
'Silence!' Roared Chief Wulfstan. 'I've heard enough – you shame us in front of our guest.' 
'My brother is dead,' Kattin reminded him in a dignified tone, but her eyes glittered madly. 
'This is women's business now.' Wulfstan jerked his head towards Blain, then towards the door, and ducked out of the hut, with Alfred at his heels. 
'My brother was a man of the village!' Kattin hurled after his back.
'No, he wasn't,' Lydia replied. 'Our village faced starvation, and he thought first of his own pocket.' 
With an apologetic look at Neb, who still clutched his blanket around his chest, Blain shuffled out, performing a curious half dance with Kattin who grabbed at him. 'Blain – please – speak up for my brother, or no-one will.' 
But Blain merely detached her hands from his arms and ducked out of the door without a backwards glance. 

With the men gone, the room felt almost empty. Apart from Samara's slight trembling and Kattin's sobbing, all five remaining occupants could have been frozen. 
Lydia broke the spell. 'Dark spirits were abroad yesterday. They wanted to snatch a soul. Thanks to our guest, whose word we do not doubt, and Samara, they were denied my son's soul. So they took another.' 
Samara gave a last convulsive tremble, and ducked her head in a bow of gratitude and thanks to Lady Lydia.
'You! You're all in this – it's a plan to cheat my brother of the gold you owe him – you're just as bad as her!' Kattin flew at Lydia, her hands outstretched, and her fingers hooked into claws. Helda rushed to intercept the mad woman. She grabbed at Kattin's hands, pushed her arms down and held her in a wrestler's grip. 
'We will overlook your remarks, caused by your grief. Any monies owing to your brother will be paid to his estate, and split evenly between his heirs.'
Kattin's eyes widened – spittle flew from her mouth and she screeched 'Heirs?! I am his only heir – unless you mean that murdering chit!' 
Lydia nodded at Helda, who began dragging Kattin, now screaming wordlessly, from the hut. 
 
Lady Lydia waited with her hands folded into her sleeves for the screams to die away. Then she addressed Samara: 'Pack a bag. Romulus spoke of a new Chantress at Cherub Conventus. She is skilled in the art of healing. Lillian has expressed an interest in becoming a griffin scout.' She paused, as though dubious that her giddy headed daughter had the right attitude for study. 'We shall see. In any case, it will do both you girls good to see a little more of the world than this village.'
Samara pursed her lips together in a thin line, and said 'I'm not running away. I didn't lay a hand on Vander.' 
Lady Lydia merely stared at the girl for a second or two. Then she repeated, 'pack a bag and be ready to leave after breakfast.' She left without another word. 
 
Now that they were alone, Neb sneaked a glance at Samara, she seemed so young and so frail. No doubt Chief Wulfstan was right; this was "Women's business". The older woman was obviously crazed with grief, hurling accusations like punches. In the dimness of the hut, Samara's eyes seemed to shine with tears. Except there was a trace of a smile in the curl of her lips, and the shine in her eyes could be mistaken for malice. 
Neb shrugged internally, women and girls were complex creatures and the morning galloped on. Samara couldn't stand there all day and neither could he remain in bed any longer. There were Griffin Masters to face. 
Wishing he had some water to sip, he cleared his throat and said, 'Would you mind passing me my clothes? Balkind will be wanting his breakfast.' 
Samara swivelled her head and glared at him. 'What? Your griffin wants its breakfast?! I've just been accused of murder; I've been exiled to a Conventus, and all you can think about is your precious griffin and its stomach?!' Curling her hands into fists, she stormed across the room, heading for the door. 
Neb shrugged again, and leaning over the side of the mattress snatched up his tunic. He grimaced at the renewed pain across his arms and shoulders. Surely there were a few drops of potion left in that flask? He investigated his tunic's inner pocket. The flask wasn't there. He moved his hand from side to side, sweeping every inch of the deep pocket, and feeling only rough material. The pocket was empty. 
The door handle rattled. Neb looked across the room to see Samara struggling with the door latch. She glanced back over her shoulder and then turned to face him. 
'It wasn't there when I folded your tunic away on the floor.' 
She misinterpreted his frown. Pushing her hair back from her face irritably, she stamped her foot and repeated. 'The flask – it must have fallen from your pocket – I didn't take it.' She turned back to the door, and tugged at the handle with extra vehemence. This time the door swung open and Samara left, slamming the door behind her. 
Dust motes swirled in the slice of sunlight that slanted through the hut's one small window. Neb watched them, thinking What did I do? What did I say? He shook himself mentally. Women and girls were even more complex than he'd originally thought. He pushed upright from the bed and then pushed the pain from his back, and Samara's bad temper, from his mind: The Chief and his wife believed Samara and for her to attend Cherub Conventus was a reward, not punishment. 

He got dressed quickly; pulling his vest over his head, inserting his arms into the tunic's sleeves, he tied the laces, and sat on the bed to pull his trews over his legs. 
Next, he inserted his bare feet into a pair of treated leather soles, and began binding the attached softer leather straps around his feet and ankles. But still one question continued to swill around in his mind. 
Out-loud he muttered 'She didn't know that the flask was in my pocket, it was a lucky guess – that's all,'  and he vowed never to think of the missing flask again.  

********
 
CHAPTER TWELVE: HOW THE GRIFFIN GOT HIS NAME.
Just as he stood up to fasten his waistband, the door opened. A child entered the hut with careful steps, his eyes fixed on the tray he carried. A tantalising aroma pervaded the hut and Neb's eyes too focused on the tray. The platter loaded with strips of pig-meat, curdled eggs, and thick slices of bread had to be for him. Neither spoke until the tray was carefully deposited onto the table. Then the child looked up, gave a triumphant grin, took a deep breath and said: 
'Mama said you're welcome to breakfast with us, but thought you might be more comfortable eating here, there's a lot of hustle and bustle, and everyone else has fish for breakfast this morning,' his nose wrinkled at this; snatching a quick breath he continued: 'Lillian and Samara have a long journey ahead of them, so they didn't get fish either, I think we'll all be eating lots of fish today and tomorrow and the next day, and pr'bly the day after that, and the day after that. Father's madder than mad at everyone, and he and the Griffin Master are flying up river to gather the clans, and I wanted to go with them, but Mama says "no," and she said "no," when I asked to go with Lillian and Samara to the Conventus too, and wouldn't even let me go with Blain and his men into town. I'm Luke, by the way, and you saved me from drowning, so thank you, and please can I have another ride on your griffin, but this time on his back?' 
Neb tried to process all this information, and failed. So he asked the question that had been uppermost in his mind since Luke had first walked into the hut. 
'Is that for me?' he pointed at the laden tray. 
Luke nodded, then drew another deep breath and words poured out of him again. But Neb wasn't listening. Sinking onto the bed, he shovelled eggs onto bread dripping with fat, and seizing a strip of pig-meat, began tearing into it with his teeth. He paused only to drink from a tankard of milk, which was foamy and creamier than the goat's milk he was used to drinking. 
'… and I'm not a bit sorry Vander is dead, he once shouted at me and my friends when we were playing in his orchard. He said we were stealing, but we weren’t stealing; the apples were windfalls, and no-one minds if someone takes a bite out of a wind-fallen apple – they always have maggots in them anyway, so we told him to keep his maggoty old apples and he said that if he caught us in any of his fields again he would cut our hands off and our tongues…' 
'When did the Griffin Master and your father leave?' Neb broke into the never ending story of Luke and his adventures. 
'They left just after breakfast. They didn't have fish for breakfast, they had pig-meat and eggs, like you, only they didn't eat it so quickly, and father let me have some of his eggy bread, but just before I brunged you your breakfast in, they left, and I asked if I could go with them and the Griffin Master swore a really bad swear word at your griffin and smacked him because  …'
'How soon do you expect them back?' 
'Not until after lunch,' Luke replied, showing no signs of irritation at being interrupted 'there's no schooling or work today, and Mama said we're not to go near the river again, so me and my friends are going up to the big meadow to play kick-ball.' He paused to scratch at his leg, smiled tentatively at Neb and asked 'do you want to come?' 
Neb couldn't help smiling back, but shook his head, 'Thank you, but no. I should say farewell to Samara – and your sister – ' 
'– you're too late – they've left, Alfred drove them away. They've taken the two best oxen to pull the cart and Blain's taken the rest into town, Mama's cousin Lord Massant and his men will be here later, and they'll want feeding and not fish either, so that's why there's no work today, well there is still lots of fish to salt and pickle, but Mama's women are doing that, and we're not allowed onto the mud anymore, because – well you know why, so you can come and play,' he eyed Neb up and down 'or just watch if you want' he added, no doubt in deference to Neb's perceived great age. 
A mental picture of Romulus' reaction if he arrived back at the village to find him playing kick-ball caused Neb to shudder, and he repeated, 'thank you, but no.' 
 
A middle aged woman bustled through the open door, 'now then Luke, stop worrying our guest with your chatter – go on – run and play.' It was Helda, carrying a pile of linen. Neb breathed a sigh of relief, and smiled a welcome. 'There's a clean tunic and trews for you to change into,' Helda said, laying the clothes on the foot of Blain's bed. 'Luke, take the plate back to the kitchen, then go and find your friends, unless you'd rather help me salt and pickle fish.' 
Luke's eyes widened with alarm, he snatched the tray up and departed, calling over his shoulder 'if you change your mind, we'll be in the big meadow.' 
 
The tunic was too wide in the shoulders, and the trews too big in the waist, but once laces were tied and cuffs rolled back, the outfit fitted well enough, and had barely been worn. 'Fits where it touches' as Helda remarked. Neb didn't feel embarrassed about changing in front of her, she had a no-nonsense practical manner. She gathered his discarded garments, muddy, torn and blood streaked, saying they would wash and mend well enough, and would do in exchange. Because he had nothing else to do, Neb followed Helda's broad backside out of the door, in the hope of finding a task to occupy his mind until the Griffin Master's return. 
 
He shied away from the main barn which made up one side of the village square though, too many women cackled outside. They sat outside the barn's gigantic wooden doors on low stools with their skirts rucked up past their knees as they gutted fish and gossiped loudly. A clutch of large brown hens cackled just as enthusiastically around their feet, squabbling over the discarded gleaming fish innards. Neb wandered away to the village pond, and admired the elaborate mouldings on the iron water pump. On the lee-side of the pond was a hawthorn tree. It was wider than it was tall, more of a haystack in appearance than a tree, and one side of it was still white with May blossom. He walked around the pond to inspect the tree closer. Cylinders of polished wood hung from its branches, they rattled harmoniously. Runes and numbers were carved on the outside, inside the sealed cylinders were ashes. Every hamlet, village and town had a tree similar to this one. After death, bodies were cremated, to allow the soul to depart more freely. But the living still needed some physical reminder of their dead, and so ashes from their loved one's funeral pyre were scooped into a cylinder, and hung from a remembering tree. 
Seasons turned, new generations were born, and children played at the foot of the remembering tree, cocooned in a cave formed by branches garlanded with polished flutes of wood. When the wind stirred the branches, the wooden tubes chimed and rattled together, like the murmur of approving voices from ancestors. On certain anniversaries, certain flutes might sound, even without the faintest of breezes to stir the tree's branches. When this happened, those who believed strongly enough, or were especially gifted, claimed to hear the whispered voices of loved ones among the chimes. 

Neb wondered why there was no funeral pyre for Vander, and then reasoned that Kattin had probably taken his body to be burned elsewhere, to a village or town with pleasanter memories for the siblings. Rather her than me, he thought with a shudder. But Kattin was a harridan herself, and easily a match for any evil spirit that might attempt to possess her brother's corpse. 
 
The skies were overcast, but the clouds were high and lit from above by an unseen sun. The wind blew warm and blustery, a perfect day for kicking a ball around a meadow. Or flying. There was no way for Neb to know the time, but it felt late morning, and Griffin Master Romulus must surely be on his way back. Please let Balkind have behaved, and please let Romulus be in a better mood than yesterday. Neb prayed silently. The wooden cylinders clattered in agreement, but that could have been the breeze moving them. Neb screwed up his eyes and saw again the fantastical colours of the wind: Strands of ribbons shimmered and deepened or lightened in shade, broadening and narrowing as they danced around or through everything in their path. He wondered if these were the ley-lines that griffins could supposedly see; this brought to mind an event that had occurred soon after his arrival at Cherub Conventus: He'd been around twelve years old, and usually slept from sun-set to sunrise, but that morning he woke early. He'd slipped outside to stand on the Manor Hall's lawn to watch the sun rise. In the pre-dawn, a grey cherub flapped towards the Conventus, chirping wearily. Hearing a gasp at his side, Neb had turned. In bare feet, Chantress Anderra stood next to him; instead of scolding him for being out of his dorm, she'd smiled. 'This is always a magical moment, greeting a cherub's first arrival.' Neb had nodded, and together they'd watched as the skies grew pink and gold, turning the cherub into a golden ball. To Neb, it seemed as though the sun had spat a piece of itself towards the earth. Shielding his eyes to scan the sky, he had thought out-loud 'Where are its parents?' He hadn't expected Chantress Anderra to respond, but she had. She spoke as though they were equals, which in a way they were at that moment. 'Now and then an adventurous one strikes out on its own. Lucky for this one, the ley-lines are running strong at this time of year.' She broke off as the cherub's flight stuttered and it tumbled from the skies. They had both sprinted forwards and helped the bewildered beast back to its feet. It hooted and chirped with joy, trying to peck at first Anderra then Neb in gratitude. Anderra had laughed, and her eyes met Neb's. To his astonishment she'd said 'So, what shall we call him?' For once, Neb hadn't hesitated: 'Balkind.' Kindred of the sun. 

A deep bovine lowing and the creaking of wooden wheels sounded. Neb opened his eyes to see a couple of oxen drawn carts approaching, together with six men, and preceding them all, the most ridiculous looking dog he'd ever seen. It was like a procession, except all the men looked as though they'd slept in their clothes. The brown and white dog trotted along on stumpy little legs, in danger of tripping over the rabbit's carcass it carried in its mouth. The men shouted out a song as they marched alongside the carts, the oxen lowed loudly, and the dog's tail kinked up and over its back in a perfect circle. Blain spotted Neb, and peeled off from the procession. 
'Afternoon, slug-a-bed, I have something for you,' he shouted, although three ground eating strides had brought them face to face. 
'You have?' Neb said warily, hoping Blain exaggerated about the time. 
Blain's teeth showed startling white against his black beard, 'Samara gave me this to give you,' he dangled a string of beads in front of Neb. 
'Me?' 
'Well, you're the only griffin riding fool around, and that's who she told me to give it to. She also claims its charmed, and will bind you to Ballin.'
'Balkind, the griffin's name is Balkind.' Neb corrected absently, examining the string of wooden beads. They were varying shades of blue, with grooves cut into five of the larger ones. Neb ran a finger over the opal coloured chips inserted and fastened into the grooves. They looked like pearls, but were almost certainly off-cuts from Balkind's talons. 
He winced as Blain's hand descended on his shoulder. 'Why so serious, did you two have a lover's tiff or something?' 
Neb scowled, and then scowled deeper when Blain ducked his big hairy face under Neb's brow to laugh at him. I'd rather Romulus' oaths than Blain's teasing, he decided, taking a step backwards from Blain's ale coated breath. 
'Did you kiss her?' Blain puckered up his own lips, Neb wondered how much drinking had accompanied his trip into town.
'No I didn't!' he replied, shrugging Blain's hand away. 
'Aha – then she kissed you!' Blain declared, with the certainty of a drunk. 
'Did you kiss her back?' he jeered, puckering up his lips again. 
Neb shook his head and fastened Samara's bracelet around his wrist, unable to prevent a smile at Blain's irrepressible high spirits,. 
Blain sobered suddenly. 'There's your trouble, always kiss a pretty girl back.'  
Draping an arm around his shoulder, Blain staggered around the village pond, and Neb concentrated on steering the giant around the cow pats that mined their path. 
 
He spent the next hours in the company of Eric, a dreamy eyed village lad close to Neb's own age. They un-harnessed the oxen, then led them to the meadow, and turned them loose to graze on the lower slopes. Eric was Alfred's son and had his father's height, but was less muscular. He seemed somehow feminine, but he was definitely male, and he puzzled Neb. 
Eric wasn't much of a conversationalist either. Although Neb learned that Romulus and Chief Wulfstan had flown upriver to demand an audience with Luthan. Luthan was the chief of the neighbouring village. His land was upriver from Darking, and it was a mystery how a dam had come to be built on his territory without anyone's prior knowledge. 
'Maybe it was constructed in pieces and then put into place overnight?' Neb suggested. 
Eric shrugged and mumbled, 'maybe, who knows?' He seemed strangely disinterested in the village's affairs. It wasn't his business; Chief Wulfstan and the Griffin Master would settle things now. They leaned over a wooden gate, watching the younger children kick a ball around the meadow's upper slopes. Eric's fingers tapped a rhythm against the top bar; Neb suspected that Eric heard the beat of a different drum to others. He seemed even lonelier than Neb. When Neb suggested they should return to the village, he had to repeat himself twice before Eric gave an absent-minded smile and nodded agreement. 
What would it be like to spend your days toiling the fields, kicking a ball around after work was finished, and snatching the occasional kiss from a pretty girl? Neb wondered, although he couldn't imagine Eric doing any of those things. They'd reached the village's outskirts, when the thunderous beating of griffin wings pounding the air announced the return of Romulus and Chief Wulfstan. 
Oh my heavens, have I got some explaining to do; I wonder what the punishment is for stealing a griffin? 
Neb gulped, then squared his shoulders, and lifted his chin, and went to meet his fate. 

********
 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN: THE GRIFFIN'S FOOL.
Excited shouts rang out from the path behind and led by Luke, a stream of children barged past Neb and Eric. Balkind landed first, followed by Fletcher. The children surged back into a respectful circle, Fletcher slumped into a crouch to allow Chief Wulfstan to dismount. Balkind also crouched, but before the Griffin Master's feet touched terra firma, the griffin spotted his boy. Balkind clapped his wings, and bounded forwards; Romulus toppled to the ground in a heap. Neb placed a hand over his eyes and moaned. The hairs on his scalp stood up as Balkind first wuffled at his head and then inserted his snout into Neb's hand with an insistent demand to be stroked, petted, and told what a good griffin he was. 
'You! Boy! Get over here – and bring that disobedient griffin with you!' Romulus roared. 
Neb sensed Eric's unspoken sympathy, and his cheeks burned hotter. With every eye in the village on him, he walked towards the Griffin Master, conscious of Balkind meekly following. Women called to their children and suddenly every villager recalled a task requiring their immediate attention. It seemed they shared Eric's sympathy, but sympathy wouldn't save him from Romulus' rage. What was the punishment for stealing a griffin? 
 
'Explain yourself.' Romulus said, in an ominously quiet voice. 
'Sir, you choose Balkind, but he was left behind. I was … I thought …' Neb's mouth dried up, and his mind refused to deliver any further instructions to his tongue. At least Samara wasn't here, she would either be smiling at his discomfort or spitting with rage at this injustice. That last image gave him the courage to say: 
'Balkind's not disobedient. He's clever, too clever for his own good, but he can learn. And he deserves his chance.' 
'Deserves his chance?' Romulus repeated, sounding amazed that anyone would dare question his judgement. 
'You chose him, it isn't his fault that Padrick failed to ride him. Balkind behaved when you rode him.' This was a hope rather than a certainty, based on Romulus' return to the village in one piece. 
'Just about,' Romulus muttered, with a baleful glance at Balkind, now sitting to attention, though he looked longingly over to the pile of fish bones scattered around the barn. Following the griffin's gaze, Neb watched as the barn door's opened, and Blain emerged. He slapped his hands together, chivvied the men closest to him to get back to work and then spotting Romulus, ambled over. 
Meanwhile, Chief Wulfstan who had been murmuring with Lady Lydia, now turned to Romulus. 
'Griffin Master, my wife has suggested, and I agree, that if the young griffin and his rider are not suited to your recruitment, we would welcome their services.' 
Inwardly, Neb cringed. He flashed a glance at Chief Wulfstan, beneath the chief's broad brow, brown eyes gazed serenely at the Griffin Master. He's just lit the fuse to a barrel of explosives, and he's either very brave or …
'Chief Wulfstan, with respect, what you ask is impossible!' Blain's arm crashed down around Romulus's shoulders. 'Since time began, it has been the Griffin Masters' role to train young griffins and their riders. It is for the Griffin Master to say …'
'Enough Blain,' Romulus interrupted mildly. Neb risked glancing upwards, and then quickly stared at the ground again when Blain winked at him. A tingle of excitement spread through him though, starting with his toes and working its way up to his chest, where it lodged and began to flutter. A heavy silence hung over the three men, yet somehow they appeared to communicate. Sitting beside Neb, Balkind resembled a statue, as though he knew his future was in the balance and being weighed. 
Perhaps they're waiting for me to leave, so Romulus can explain to Chief Wulfstan just how disobedient Balkind – and his lad – have been, Neb thought, and the hope in his chest fluttered even more frantically. He twisted the strand of beads around his wrist nervously. Should I try again to explain why Balkind deserves a second chance? He risked another glance upwards. Wulfstan and Blain's eyes were on Romulus, whose milky eye remained on Neb, as though it could see into his mind; but the one working eye flickered from Neb to Balkind and back again. Neb chewed at his lip, if Romulus dismissed Balkind entirely, would he still be accepted as a griffin lad? Would he want to be a griffin lad, knowing that Balkind, who loved people, had been turned away into the wild? Neb looked up yet again. Blain still smiled, the Griffin Master's colour had returned to normal and Neb realised only a few seconds, not eons had passed. Both Romulus's eyes were on him now. Neb swallowed hard, and emulated Balkind, standing to attention. 
'If you want that – bull headed griffin to join my troop, there's one condition. You keep Balkind out of trouble. Think you can do that?' 
Neb's lips curled into a smile, he nodded his head up and down, and then managed to speak. 
'Yes sir – of course sir! I can do that, and thank you!' He patted Balkind, who continued to sit quietly, with his eyes still trained on the pile of discarded fish guts. 
Neb turned to grin at Blain and then nodded politely towards Chief Wulfstan. Both men smiled back and Blain reached out a hand to pat Neb's shoulder. 
'I gather you're pleased then?' Blain asked, raising his eyebrows. 
'Very pleased, Balkind's going to be the best behaved griffin,' at this Romulus grunted and turned to stomp away. Wulfstan stroked his chin, and gazed after the Griffin Master. 'Not out to win too many friends, is he? He made his opinion about my flying skills very clear.' 
'He's tired and hungry. He's agreed to stay until Lord Massant arrives,' Lady Lydia looked thoughtful. 'Apparently there's something he wants to discuss with my cousin.' 
The adults' conversation flowed over Neb's head; he continued to gloat over his good fortune. 
He became aware of Blain's rumbling voice, and tuned back in: 
'Chief Luthan – refusing to demolish his dam– unthinkable! Does he really believe he can get away with this – tampering?' 
Lady Lydia spoke firmly. 'When my cousin's levy marches on him, Luthan will soon see sense – if he wants to remain as chieftain of Penwryn that is!' 
She bustled off to oversee preparations for her cousin's arrival. Blain and Chief Wulfstan wandered off towards the fields where Lord Massant's levy would make camp. Neb stared after them, feeling as though he'd just woken from a dream. He re-ran Romulus's words through his mind again. 'Keep that bull headed griffin out of trouble!' he whispered to himself – easy!  
Balkind nuzzled at his hair and Neb reached up to scratch behind the griffin's ear. 
Romulus' voice rang out across the courtyard, 'Balkind and Balkind's Boy, stop preening each other and get over here now!' 
Reaching up, Neb patted Balkind's snout, 'Did you hear that? The Griffin Master summoned Balkind, that's you – and Balkind's Boy – that's me!' He twisted the bead bracelet around his wrist, and grinned. He decided that when they next met, he'd ignore her insult and thank Samara for her gift. Then he dismissed her from his mind and hurried to obey the Griffin Master.  
  
********
 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN: SAMARA'S STORY AGAIN.
The oxen were young yet placid, content to put one foot in front of the other and lean into their yoke, despite the heavy load they pulled.  
 Samara watched the cart's lights grow ever more feeble as the sun rose in the sky. I should tell Alfred to snuff the gas lamps out, she thought drowsily. Samara was bored rather than tired and she didn't want to wake Lillian, whose head lolled against her shoulder. The younger girl had worn out Samara's ears with excited chatter about their new adventure. Samara sighed. The Fosse Way stretched before them endlessly; even when she strained to look at the horizon, there was nothing to break up its dreariness. It ran directly West, one of the few roads carved through Britain by the Romans, before they'd been expelled by Boudica. She sighed again, and wishing she was Boudica, closed her eyes. 
Yesterday's events began playing again in her mind. Her lips twitched, remembering Neb's shocked expression when she and Lillian had dropped from the tree. He clutched at his griffin as though frightened I'd steal it or something. Then she frowned, remembering the mass of scars over his right shoulder and his refusal to speak of them. He's strange, different, and that white blond hair and weird blue eyes don't help either. Her nose wrinkled as she struggled to decide what really disturbed her about Neb. There was something about his manner, his polite disinterest – he showed more concern for his flea bitten griffin than anything else – that's it! Samara told herself fiercely. He doesn't just look down on everyone because of his height – he actually thinks he's superior! 

She recalled her last image of Neb and the unspoken question in his eyes. Her hands curled into fists, and she clenched them against her sides. 
I don't care what anyone thinks, and I certainly don't care what he thinks. Vander's dead, and I'm not sorry. I'm only sorry I'm being sent to this … Conventus. Samara thought grimly. But I will play this game and meantime, I'll soak up learning at this Cherub Conventus because knowledge is power, and I never want to be this powerless again. 

The wagon jolted, her eyes sprung open and she sat up with a start. The sun no longer warmed her back; they were bumping along a mud track under a canopy of tall trees. 
'Alfred – why have we turned off the road?' She asked. Beside her, Lillian stretched and yawned and muttered 'are we there yet?' before slumping against Samara's shoulder again. 
Samara shook her off and repeated 'Alfred – why –'
'The oxen need water,' he replied without looking at her. 
Samara frowned. If these woods were familiar she would have welcomed a break – but they weren't – there was something sinister about the twisted trees and their dark misshapen branches. Anyone could be crouching, hidden from sight, ready to spring an ambush. She glanced at Alfred's grim face and her protest died on her lips. He doesn't want to be here either, she realised, and her skin crept. Very carefully, she nudged Lillian awake. When Lillian grumbled, Samara widened her eyes and pouted her lips into a silent hush. Lillian's head twisted as she looked about her, then she clutched at Samara's hand, her own eyes wide and black with fear. What's going on? she mouthed. Samara shook her head: I don't know. She glanced at Alfred again, then nudged Lillian and nodded towards the ground, indicating they should make a break for freedom. The wagon's wheels churned slowly in the mud, but Lillian clutched Samara's hand tighter and shook her head: No! 
Samara tore her hand away and shoved at Lillian, who clung onto the wagon's seat as though for dear life. Samara almost screamed with frustration, her blood pounded inside her head: run away, get out now while you've still got a chance! This was bad – but something far worse waited up ahead – and any moment now, it would be too late. The mud track sloped downwards, the wagon tilted forwards and the oxen increased their pace. Instead of applying the brake to the wheel and steadying the oxen, Alfred snapped the reins over their haunches. The oxen broke into a stilted canter. Lillian screamed and clutched at Samara. Samara wedged her feet against the wagon's buckboard and her free arm against the side-gate board. 
'Alfred – stop!' but even as she shouted, the oxen bolted. Trees flashed past them, Samara ducked to avoid a branch that threatened to gouge out her eyes. With a cry of despair, she grabbed Lillian and slipped off the seat to huddle in the foot well. The wagon bounced and they were flung upwards, banging their heads on the underside of the bench. Samara snatched at Alfred's leg and clung to it with one arm, the other clasped around Lillian's waist. Samara held her breath and waited for the next bounce, any moment now, the wagon would overturn and they'd either be catapulted out or crushed inside; they were all going to die. Instead there was a series of jolts; Lillian's elbow jabbed into her ribs, but the wagon creaked to a halt. Pushing aside a tearful Lillian, Samara began struggling to right herself. Alfred stood, wrenched his leg from her grasp, then jumped from the wagon. 
'Quick! Hurry!' Samara whispered – but she already knew it was too late. Poor little Lillian was doomed. Alfred had betrayed his chieftain and delivered his daughter to a band of kidnappers. Alfred reached out for her, Samara screamed in pain as his hand grabbed a handful of her hair. She trembled and cursed her own stupidity – he has no need for me – he's going to cut my throat – I'm dead! 

From far away she heard Lillian screaming. There was a sharp crack and a woman said 'Stop that! Behave, and nobody will get hurt.' 
A part of Samara relaxed. A woman's voice – they were safe! She raised her head to look around her. Two teams of oxen were knee deep in a muddy pond. She recognised the white pair of oxen as theirs; but the other pair – she squinted at them, trying to recall where she'd seen them before. She continued to scan the area, her eyes fell on the black and white oxen's owner, and she stumbled back. Her mouth opened and shut, and she writhed, trying desperately to get away from Alfred. Standing barely three arms' length away, Kattin smirked at her. 

Releasing Lillian from an arm lock, Kattin lunged at Samara and wrenched her from Alfred's grasp. She ignored Samara's struggles and jerking her chin at Alfred ordered: 'Unhitch your oxen, tie them behind my wagon.' 
When Alfred hesitated she screeched 'Go!' 
Samara gazed at Lillian, still sprawled on grass. 
'Get up – else you'll be trampled on,' Kattin advised, and without waiting to see if Lillian obeyed, twisted Samara's arm behind her back and marched her to the side of the clearing. 
'What are you playing at? What do you want?' Samara gasped. Kattin hurled her against a fallen tree. She stooped closely, Samara could see the broken veins on her nose and cheeks. 'My brother – your bridegroom – messed everything up. And when that brat's mother' she pointed to Lillian, now crouched at Samara's feet, 'refused to sanction the wedding until you were eighteen – she thought she was being clever.' Kattin cackled, spit ran down her chin. 'But not as clever as me. You will marry my brother. Then you'll be my ward,' Kattin smiled and widened her eyes. Samara and Lillian shrunk from her ghastly mask. 
'Have you lost your mind? Your brother's dead,' and I didn't kill him, Samara added silently. Then with a thrill of horror, she realised who had murdered Vander.  Her teeth began to chatter and she twisted away from Kattin's foul breath. Absently she realised that the clearing wasn't wide enough to pull the wagons around in a circle. Both pairs of oxen were unhitched and Alfred struggled to manoeuvre the wagons. He puffed and panted and strained at Kattin's wagon. Samara's eyes flickered over the wagon's bed: Blankets covered a heap; a body shaped heap. Samara's eyes widened, then she looked away, hanging her head to gaze at her toes. 
Lillian regained her senses first. 'Are you crazed? Who is going to marry a dead man?' 
Comically, Kattin pouted and pointed at Samara 'she is.' 
Lillian scoffed. 'I meant – who is going to say the wedding rite? Who in their right minds will act as an official?' 
Kattin flushed dark red and she struck Lillian's face with the back of her hand.  
'How dare you sneer at me! You're a silly little girl who knows nothing of this world!' Flinging an arm out she pointed in a south west direction. 'Over there – the Black Robe Cloister – Father Thomas has already agreed to conduct the ceremony. It will be recognised – everyone knows they were all ready promised to each other.' 
Rubbing at her cheek, Lillian stood, dragging Samara with her. 
'You are a mad, bitter, old spinster. No-one sane will recognise this – sham marriage –' she lowered her head as she spoke, clutching Samara's hand tighter. 'Now get out of my way!' Lillian sprung forwards, butting Kattin in the stomach and without pausing shoved the winded woman to one side. She hurtled towards the black and white oxen, still dragging Samara, who almost stumbled when Lillian released her hand suddenly. Samara spun around to look behind her: Bent double, Kattin clutched at her stomach while Alfred desperately tried to stop the momentum of the wagon he'd finally managed to roll across the clearing. 
'Hurry – come on!' Samara screamed at Lillian, wondering why she'd stopped to free the oxen's reins from a tree stump. 'Come – we don't have time for this!' she shouted.  With a look of determination on her pudgy face, Lillian gave the reins one last yank, pulled at the oxen's halters, then slapped at their skinny haunches. 'Yah! Yah! Go! Go!' she shouted. The bewildered beasts lowed as they  stumbled away from Lillian, blocking the path between them and Kattin. 
Lillian spun around to Samara with a triumphant grin, hitched up her skirts and raced away. Samara sucked in a long deep breath and sprinted after her friend. Lillian's fair head bobbed in and out of undergrowth. Clutching her side, Samara veered off the track, onto a deer-trail, hoping Lillian knew where she was going. Disastrously, her foot snagged against a root and Samara hurtled full length to the ground. She tried to push herself up, but an unforgiving bramble thicket ensnared her. Up ahead, Lillian paused and turned. 
'Go, run!' Samara whispered fiercely. Nearby bushes rustled as Alfred beat the undergrowth with his sword. Certain her harsh breathing would give her away, on her hands and knees, Samara crept backwards. One by one the thorns unhooked themselves from her skin. Had Lillian managed to escape? The thwack of metal against undergrowth ceased as Alfred paused in beating the bushes.
'Lillian! Samara! Don't make me find you!' he yelled. His voice sounded like a god's – it seemed to be everywhere. With her heart thumping, Samara tilted her head upwards and slowly stretched her neck, straining to see over a blanket of leaves and bracken. Against a background of trees, Alfred stood knee deep in a thicket with his back to her. Another thwack sounded as his sword swiped at brambles and he turned in her direction with a curse. Samara ducked – had he seen her? She swung her head towards Lillian's escape route: It looked inviting, but cover was sparse. If she went in that direction, Alfred would spot her before she could put a safe distance between them. And as soon as Alfred discovered his mistake and realised Samara was on her own, the hunt would be on in earnest for Lillian. 
Muffling a sob, Samara made up her mind. Tucking her chin into her neck, she began crawling. When she judged she was far enough away, yet still close enough to capture Alfred's attention, she rustled the underside of a bush; then slithered away.

Crawling around decaying undergrowth with brambles constantly snaring her hair and her knees crying for relief was unpleasant and mentally exhausting. Several times her nerve almost broke and she was tempted to make a dash for freedom. But she forced herself to continue. Alfred continued to shout for both her and Lillian to stop this nonsense and show themselves. So Samara endured the mud and rotting leaves and goodness knows what else scrunching beneath her hands and knees because every second spent playing cat and mouse meant Lillian was one step closer to freedom. But she couldn't keep this up for much longer, especially now Kattin had joined in the hunt. She prayed fervently: Please let Lillian make it back to the village, please let her raise the alarm in time … Because her stomach went into spasms and her mind gibbered at the thought of marrying Vander's corpse. 

********

 
CHAPTER FIFTEEN: NEW FRIENDS.
'I don't give a rat's arse how the thing was built – I want to know how on Ella-Earth Chief Luthan raised a dam without anyone noticing!' 
Lord Massant's voice boomed through the courtyard. Flanked by two horsemen, he had clattered into the village five minutes ago. After dismounting and stooping to greet his cousin, he had marched into the Main Hall, closely followed by Chief Wulfstan, Blain and Romulus. The doors had slammed shut behind them. Lady Lydia  gave a noticeable shudder before disappearing into the village's bake hut with her women in attendance. 

The two younger horsemen exchanged a grimace across the back of Lord Massant's mount. They dismounted and led all three horses over to a nearby barn, where a village lad was finishing up on a fairly decent job of preening and grooming a grey griffin. 
The shorter of the two chucked the horses' reins towards the lad. 'See that they're fed and watered, and run a brush over them,' he said carelessly. He turned to his companion, 'better find out if there's anything to eat in this backwards village, I cannot believe your father's cousin chose to live here.'
'I'll wager a year's pay there'll be no pretty girls to flirt with,' his friend replied. 
'Then a pound's gold to whoever can kiss the ugliest,' he stopped short suddenly and frowned. The boy barred their way. The grey griffin next to him bared his teeth. 
'Where I come from, riders groom their own mounts,' he said pleasantly, though his eyes glinted like sapphires. He handed over a bucket to one and a brush to the other. Without waiting for a response, he turned and walked back to the barn. He led the grey griffin inside the cavernous building, and bedded him down in a stall next to an older griffin whose feathers gleamed a dark gold against the straw.  

They were waiting for him when he emerged. Their faces were serious, but their mouths twitched. They were only two years his senior, three at the most, but they were laughing at him and Neb bristled. 
The taller brown haired one with freckles over his forehead and nose spoke first: 'We beg your pardon, there was no insult intended, my name is Harry Massant, this here is Alexis Romford.' He indicated towards his friend, a youth around Neb's height,  with dark blond hair cut short to show off his chiselled jaw-line. The horses' heads embroidered in red and gold on the breast of their dark green cloaks marked them out as Lord Massant's cavalry. 
Several responses sprung to Neb's mind, but he gave a casual nod, 'If no insult was meant, then no offence was taken.' 
The two horsemen grinned at each other, then Neb. 
'You're with Romulus aren't you? We're sorry we mistook you for one of these peasants.' 
The insult went over Eric's head; the village lad continued to brush at a chestnut coat, while keeping a wary eye on the other two horses, especially the wicked horns protruding from their foreheads. 

'You must admit though,' Alexis flicked a languid hand at Neb's borrowed clothes, 'an easy mistake to make.' His own trousers were of a light brown leather, fashionably baggy and tucked into knee high black leather boots. 
Neb acknowledged this, wondering how they'd react when they discovered his true status. That was this morning, this is now. Romulus chose me as a sanctuary lad. 
From inside the barn, one of the horses neighed loudly as though in agreement. All three of them looked in that direction, in time to see a wagon creak to a standstill. Immediately a group of slim men clad in a uniform of brown leather tunics and trews jumped from the wagon, quivers of arrows rattled at their backs. 
'Oh no! Lord Massant's archers are here – quick – where can we get a drink, and something to eat?' Alexis clutched at Neb in mock horror. 
'There's ale and fish and pottage over there – I think you can help yourself,' Neb pointed towards tables set up in the main square. The new arrivals were already arranging hay bales into makeshift benches and were passing platters and spoons to each other. 
'Ugh. No proper food? No real drink?' Alexis grimaced. But he and Harry hurried over to the tables, dragging Neb with them. It seemed churlish to refuse. They were soon swapping happy insults with a dozen archers and foot soldiers and speculating on plans to smash the renegade Chief Luthan's dam.  

More men arrived; more makeshift tables were set up with hay bales pressed into use as benches. Village women carrying platters streamed from the bake house. A cheer went up at the sight of whole roasted piglets and trays of baked turnips and apples and freshly made bread rolls. A louder cheer went up when they reappeared and began setting out flasks of cider on the table. The feasters cheered again when Lord Massant and his captains emerged from their counsel with Chief Wulfstan and Romulus in the Main Hall. 
'We'll rise at first light and attack tomorrow. Chief Wulfstan and Captain Franks will explain further.' Lord Massant had the same engaging manner about him as his son and graciously gave the floor to Chief Wulfstan. While the Chief addressed his men at arms, Lord Massant approached Harry, Alexis, and Neb. All three stood.
'You must be Romulus' lad,' he held out his hand and clasped Neb's forearm in a strong grip. 'My cousin has told me all of your daring rescue of our beloved Luke. You have our thanks and gratitude.' 
Neb nodded, aware of his new friends' curious eyes on him, too tongue tied to speak. In any case, Romulus loomed into view over Lord Massant' shoulder. 
'Boy, prepare Fletcher and Balkind. I've left my new recruits on their own far too long.' 
Neb hesitated, it was only a few hours to sun-down and he'd assumed that they'd begin their journey tomorrow. But then he nodded and gestured at Alexis to step aside so he could extract himself from the hay bale. Harry and Alexis have been decent, maybe now I'm a griffin's boy, Romulus' other recruits won't be quite so poisonous towards me, he told himself. But it felt harsh to leave his new friends, and he'd wanted to stay and listen to the banter between Lord Massant's and Chief Wulfstan's men. Alexis wasn't moving, so Neb elbowed Harry; it wouldn't do to keep Romulus waiting. He glanced in the Griffin Master's direction, surprised when Lord Massant winked at him. 
'Stay put,' Harry whispered from the corner of his mouth. 
Lord Massant turned to Romulus. 'We could do with your expertise, Griffin Master, and a show of griffins is always useful.'
'A couple of griffins flying overhead would strike fear into anyone's heart,' added Chief Wulfstan who had just joined them, with his wife and Blain in tow. 
'Come on now Rommey, your deputy is perfectly capable of keeping a rabble of new recruits in hand – the boy won't see any real action – a few more hours won't hurt,' Blain argued. 
For the second time that day hope fluttered in Neb's chest. Raising his chin, he looked Romulus in the eye and added his own silent plea. But it was Lady Lydia who clinched the deal. 
'Griffin Master Romulus,' she began formally, 'if my brother were here, he would wish to speak with Chief Luthan. I'm certain he would want to know how a dam was constructed under the noses of the Griffin Riders' patrols.' 
Neb thought only a woman could get away with such an observation, even so he inwardly applauded Lady Lydia's courage at voicing what none else dared. Lady Lydia gazed serenely at the group of men and appeared not to notice Romulus' scowl, which would have made any watching gargoyle envious. Blain broke the silence. 
'Captain Thane's Eastern Patrol should have noticed and Captain Thane should have reported this outrage. There must be an explanation and you, Rommey, should be present to hear it,' he said softly. 

To Neb's relief, Romulus nodded and grunted, 'You're right, I want words with both Chief Luthan and Captain Thane.' 
Blain clapped the Griffin Master on the back and winked at the three youths.  'Didn't need too much persuading!' he chuckled. 
A good natured groan came from the other end of the table and an archer jeered:
'Just what we need, a couple of fly boys!' 
'Hey – don't knock it!' Harry said, sinking onto the hay bale again, as Lord Massant, Blain and Romulus moved away. Stifling a yawn, Alexis also sat down. 
'All this excitement is wearying,' he tugged at Neb's tunic. 'Sit down and swipe the smile off your face, unless you're planning to apply for a job as the village idiot.' 
Neb thought he would remember this day forever. Romulus had chosen him as a sanctuary lad and he was to see his first battle tomorrow! He glanced at Harry, even the freckles on his open honest face appeared to glow with happiness. Neb turned his gaze to Alexis, who gazed back at him, with the beginnings of a smug smile tugging at his lips. He seemed about to speak, but just then his head jerked around at a sudden commotion. Neb also looked in that direction and saw a troop of spearmen marching through the village's Eastern gate. Alexis casual attitude vanished; with a brief grimace he rose from his seat and marched over to greet the newcomers. 
'You'll have to excuse Alexis, my father's agreed to let him command the spears for the first time,' Harry explained his friend's abrupt departure. As Lord Massant's son, Harry would be responsible for carrying his father's war banner, and would probably ride at his father's side. 
It was apparent even to Neb that many of the spearmen were new recruits too. Obviously Lord Massant expected an easy victory tomorrow. In addition to giving his son's friend a first taste of command, he intended to allow his newest spearmen to benefit from any battle spoils. Most of the spearmen wore only basic leather breastplates, although scattered amongst the troop, a handful of older and doubtless more seasoned warriors wore chain mail armour. 
Across the table from Neb, archers and villagers continued to banter, drowning out Alexis' speech. But judging by the cheer that followed, his words pleased his new command. Harry grinned at Neb, 'They've been promised equal shares in any booty – my father's orders – it's why they joined up of course –' Harry gulped down the last dregs of his tankard. 'I'd better go and help see that the troops are fed and watered,' he grumbled good naturedly. Neb wondered if he should tag along, but although the village now held the population of a town, it seemed everyone had a purpose and he would only get in the way. Instead he watched in a happy daze as women with children scampering at their feet bustled to and fro, all carrying platters or tankards.  Wistful faced village elders gave last instructions to their sons, while over by the Main Hall, a lone piper began warming up his bagpipes. A knee nudged at Neb's ribs. He looked up to see Harry climbing back into his seat. On his other side, Alexis had also returned and now stretched across the table to refill his platter. 'Eat up now, but you'd better drink only water,' he advised Neb, as though he was some seasoned campaigner. 'Tomorrow will be even more chaotic.' 
Neb flushed, still unable to believe he was on the eve of his first battle. 'I can't believe I'm here, and I can't thank you enough,' he blurted.  
Alexis shrugged, and poured some water for himself. 'You could always get up extra early tomorrow and groom our horses,' he teased. Neb scowled, and then joined in the laughter of his new friends. 
Happiness engulfed him from head to toe and he watched with only mild interest as a fair haired girl tumbled into the village's main square. The bustle of villagers and newcomers continued; the child had obviously sneaked some ale, she would have a sore head tomorrow and probably a scolding from one of her parents. 
Where is her blasted mother, for heavens' sake? Neb thought. He glanced around, impatient for this blight on his evening to be removed, and saw Lady Lydia hurrying towards the child. Chief Wulfstan stood in slow motion and everything seemed to grind to a halt. Then time restarted, blood thundered in Neb's ears and he finally recognised the girl.
 
'Lillian!' he shouted and shoving Alexis aside, clambered over the hay bale and hurried to help. Chief Wulfstan got there first and scooped his daughter into his arms. Lillian's blonde curls were clumped with mud and vivid red marks glowed on her face and hands. Her blue cloak resembled a rag, and her eyes were already rolling up in her head, but she managed to say: 'Samara … they've got Samara …' Then her eyes closed and her body went limp in her father's arms. 

********

 
CHAPTER SIXTEEN: NEW FOES.
What of Samara? Where is she? Neb's mind demanded, but he kept quiet and watched as Chief Wulfstan carried Lillian into the Main Hall, with Lady Lydia at his side and a bevy of her women fluttering around them. 

Someone tugged at Neb's sleeve. He turned to find Eric gazing up at him with panic in his usually dreamy eyes. 
'What of my father? Where is he? What's happened?' he blurted, as though Neb had all the answers. Neb glanced around, seeking help from Eric's friends. But everyone else had gone back to feasting. Neb noticed Luke had squeezed between Alexis and Harry and appeared to be holding court. The child would tell anyone who cared to listen more than they wanted to know. Neb decided that if ever he needed information, the first person he'd seek out would be the most talkative child. Discretion and children didn't go well together. 
Eric plucked at his sleeve again, 'my father – he travelled with the two maids.' His eyes darted from Neb, to the Main Hall and then to the road leading out of the village. 'I have to know – he's all the family I have.' 
Neb chewed on his lip, staring at Eric thoughtfully. The young man's status was even lower than a griffin's boy and Neb realised Eric was depending on him to act as a spokesman. 'They’ve got Samara…' Lillian had said, without a mention of Alfred – the man who was charged to defend the two girls – perhaps with his life. 
'You're right. You have a right to know,' he said and having made his decision, squared his shoulders and entered the Main Hall, with Eric following. 

Once inside the Main Hall, even the air seemed quieter and Neb cringed at the sound of their boots slapping over neat rectangles of flagstone. Marks and scuffs along the middle of the floor provided evidence of where the feasting tables usually stood. Apart from a couple of chairs parked by an enormous fireplace carved into the far wall, the hall appeared bare and deserted. Voices drifted down the wide staircase running against the hall's left wall. Neb glanced in that direction, wishing Eric wouldn't breathe quite so heavily down his neck and wondering how much trouble he'd be in if he dared to climb up to Chief Wulfstan's family rooms. 
'Boy, come in or go out – but stop dithering!' 
Neb almost jumped out of his skin. Romulus! The Griffin Master rose from his seat by the fireplace and stepped out of the shadows.  
Neb straightened to attention 'Sir, I didn't see you there. I'm sorry to disturb you.' 
'Told you Rommey. That's two bottles of whiskey you owe me.' Blain also stepped out from the shadows, and he grinned, his teeth gleaming white in a mass of dark beard. 'You've come to seek news of your girl?' 
Neb's backbone became even straighter. 'No! I'm not interested in … that is – I am  interested but –' of course he wanted to know that Samara was safe, but not for the reason Blain implied – and she wasn't his girl! Tugging Eric forwards, he walked over to the two men, and started again. 
'This is Eric, Alfred's son. He's anxious to learn of his father's welfare.' 
Blain sobered. Romulus surprised Neb by patting Eric on the arm. 'No news yet, but be hopeful young man.' The stairs creaked and they all glanced in that direction, watching as Chief Wulfstan descended with a grave face. He didn't speak until he reached the bottom step. He approached the group by the fireplace, frowning like a man struggling to put a name to a familiar face. Neb shuffled his feet and cleared his throat; fortunately Chief Wulfstan's memory saved Neb from providing an awkward prompt. 
'Eric, isn't it?' 
Eric nodded, his eyes begging Chief Wulfstan for news. 
'Don't look so worried. It isn't good news, but it isn't bad. It seems Kattin's grief has driven her completely insane. She laid in wait to ambush the girls and your father. Lillian managed to tell us that she intends to take Samara onto a cloister …'
'Black Robes' Cloister?' Eric asked. Chief Wulfstan looked at him in surprise. 'Yes – how did you …' he broke off, shaking his head 'never mind – that doesn't matter. Apparently she intends to force Samara into a marriage with her dead brother.' 
Blain barked a laugh 'What?!' 
Chief Wulfstan shrugged. 'It's folly. We know that. But at least we know Samara isn't harmed.' 
Neb doubted that. For certain Samara would have fought back, and he couldn't begin to imagine how Kattin would force her to make wedding vows. 
'And my father?' Eric asked. 
Chief Wulfstan frowned, 'Your father appears to be safe too. Although apparently he didn't try very hard to protect the girls,' his frown deepened and he continued as though thinking out loud: 'Perhaps with Samara at her mercy, Kattin forced him to obey,' he nodded at his own explanation, adding 'The main thing is he is safe; Lillian said she escaped while Kattin and your father were seeing to the oxen.'
He glanced at Romulus and Blain. 'My wife's cousin expects this business with Chief Luthan to be resolved by sun-down tomorrow. The day after tomorrow ...' Realising his father's plight had been dismissed, or at least put on hold, Eric's face flushed. Neb placed a restraining hand on his arm. 
Eric shrugged Neb's hand away and shouted: 'The day after tomorrow – what use is that? What if she drugged my father – and he's helpless by the side of the road?' He spun around to Neb, 'You've got a griffin – it will take you no time – or are you scared of a woman too?'
The three older men frowned, Neb shuffled uncomfortably again. 
Chief Wulfstan exhaled a breath that whistled through his teeth. 
'Eric, you forget yourself. Plans have been made. Kattin will not be allowed to unmake them.' He glanced at Romulus. 'It's for the Griffin Master to decide where his griffins fly, and when. He has agreed Lord Massant can ride on Fletcher, while he will fly the young griffin. We march on Penwryn tomorrow and we will not re-write our entire battle plan because of one madwoman's actions.' 
Eric shivered with misery. Catching Romulus' eye, Neb pleaded, 'Sir? …' 
Romulus shook his head. 'Chief Wulfstan has spoken. In any case, I know of this Cloister. It's just beyond Bucks' Forest. No doubt this madwoman will be clever enough to keep to the woodland tracks, under cover. You could circle over the forest for days, but until you find a clearing to land in, all you will see is the tops of trees.'
Eric shook his head, glowering under his brow. Neb thought he looked like a bull about to charge and hurriedly asked 'If just two men were to scout the woods – they could follow the wagons' tracks – they might even catch up them –' Lillian didn't strike Neb as a girl who could cover ground quickly, neither of course did oxen; Kattin couldn't be too far away. 
Romulus scowled. 'No. I forbid it. You've done enough gallivanting. I want you where I can see you.' He dragged his fist across his mouth, as though there was more he wanted to say, but instead nodded to Chief Wulfstan and Blain saying 'Early start tomorrow, I'll bid you both good-night,' and strode away.

Chief Wulfstan's face was stern. Neb realised Eric had already overstepped his boundary. He addressed Neb, but his words were for Eric. 'I understand your concerns, but Lillian managed to escape. In my mind, Kattin threatened to hurt Samara unless Alfred did her bidding, but it's also possible they too will escape. They may even be making their way back as we speak. In any case, we know where Kattin is headed, and –' 
' –and what if my father is bleeding the last of his life blood?!' Eric shouted. 
'Pray that is not the case, because then he is already dead and beyond any help,' Chief Wulfstan shouted back, finally losing his temper. He stomped away and upstairs without wishing any good-nights.

Eric stared from Blain to Neb, then he too turned and stumbled out of the Main Hall. Neb looked at Blain, 'Romulus is riding Balkind, and Lord Massant is riding Fletcher?' With a sympathetic grimace, Blain placed a hand on Neb's shoulder. 'Lord Massant wants to relive his glory days, and Romulus agreed. You'll see some action, although there's still hope that Luthan will see sense, especially with an entire army breathing down his neck.' 
Neb didn't protest. In any case, before long, Balkind would be assigned to one of Romulus' new recruits – though hopefully not Padrick. Blain patted his shoulder, 'now go and rejoin your friends, an early start tomorrow.' He gave Neb a stern look; to argue would seem ungrateful. Neb gave an obedient nod and started to take Blain's advice. He traipsed back past the wall tapestries without glancing at their beautifully detailed hunting and picnic scenes. He'd actually raised his hand to open the door, when the bracelet at his wrist caught his attention. Hairs prickled on the back of his neck. He turned. 'Lillian said: "they've got Samara …" he said, and his voice faltered. 'Blain, how did Eric know about the Black Robes' Cloister?' 

For a second, uncertainty flickered in Blain's eyes. Then he shrugged, 'It's no big secret. Alfred and I were loading the girls' travelling cases onto the wagon, when Kattin begged for help with Vander's corpse,' he broke off to grimace. 'I tried to change her mind, but she insisted that his funeral pyre would not take place in this village.' He scratched at his beard, trying to recall who had said what next. Neb could imagine the scene, Kattin's scorn … Alfred and Blain helping her, as they would any lone woman ... 'and so she told you about this Cloister?' he prompted. 
Blain scratched harder, his brow wrinkled. 'I expect so, she must have done, and Eric must have heard,' he said. 'Although …'
Although what?' Neb prompted again. Blain shot him a look of disquiet. 'Although never exactly friends, Alfred sometimes carried out chores for Vander.' He shuffled uneasily, as his own words sank in. He and Neb stared at each other. Finally Blain repeated in a whisper 'They've got Samara…' 

********
 
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN: MISSION.
Casting furtive glances into the village's courtyard and unconsciously twisting the beads on his bracelet, Neb waited outside Blain's hut. Once again, the big man had used his brains, rather than brawn. With surprising insight, he deduced that Kattin's actions were motivated by greed. Once the sham marriage had taken place, Kattin would declare herself Samara's guardian and take control of the girl's finances. Although Neb itched to dash out on a rescue mission, Blain had concocted a plan. 
'I'll guarantee Kattin can have my gold now, Samara can repay me later.' In effect, Blain proposed to purchase Samara's guardianship from Kattin. Neb thought Samara could do a lot worse, but wished Blain would hurry. Most of the villagers and Lord Massant's men had retired to their huts and tents. Apart from a soft chatter as Lady Lydia's women cleared away platters and made ready for tomorrow's breakfast, Neb's breathing was the only sound to stir the night's air. Any moment now Romulus would materialise and demand to know what he and Blain were playing at. 
A footstep sounded, Neb started and spun around, then sighed with relief. 
'Harry! If you're looking for your father, he's –' 
'– I've seen my father, I was looking for you, actually. You're meant to be with us tomorrow, Alexis and I are about to make tracks for the campsite.' He stared with open curiosity at Blain as he finally emerged from his hut. 'You won't need a lamp, our tent is the closest to the village, only over there,' he pointed. 
Glaring at Harry, Blain wrapped one of his old cloaks around Neb and handed him a lantern. At the same time he palmed a scroll of wafer thin pigskin into Neb's other hand.  Neb hurriedly secreted the pigskin in the cloak's folds. 
'He has an errand to run first,' Blain grunted, as though loath to give even the barest explanation. 
'Errand?' Harry wrinkled his brow and smiled at Neb. 'Errands are for peasants.' Then his brow smoothed. 'Would this "errand" be connected to dear cousin Lillian's earlier escapade?' he drawled, raising an eyebrow. Neb and Blain exchanged glances. Blain grimaced and mouthed "Luke" – obviously Harry's father had filled in any gaps. 
'I pray your silence, Harry. No-one must know,' Neb pleaded. 
Harry frowned again, 'Chief Wulfstan is singing your praises. Father says he has never known the Griffin Master so … cheerful.' He dropped his mocking tone and grew serious. 'You're about to sacrifice all their goodwill for the sake of a pretty face? Don't do this … Neb ap Neb,' 
Neb clamped his lips and glowered at Harry's not so subtle reminder that he was a nobody. 'They've taken Samara,' he replied, feeling the back of his neck flush. 'She's a nobody too.' That wasn't quite true, she had a name and an inheritance to claim on her eighteenth birthday – or when she married – which ever came sooner. 
At Alexis' approach, Blain groaned, 'we'll have the whole village here soon, so much for a quiet exit.' 
Alexis smiled uncertainly, and nodded at Blain. 'Quiet exit? Who's going where? Are we making a surprise attack?' he enquired, looking enthused at the thought. 
'Our griffin riding friend here is deserting the battle.' 
Alexis' mouth dropped open 'What? And miss all the fun?' but then his eyes narrowed 'or are you craven? You've learned Lord Massant will be riding your griffin and now you're running away?' he sneered. 
When Neb spluttered with outrage, Alexis smirked. 
'Lord Massant told us about the other girl, poor maid,' he pouted with mock sympathy. 'But that's what everyone will think – that you ran away.' Still smirking, he slung an arm around the young Lordling's shoulder. 'Come Harry, let him sneak off.' 
The confusion left Harry's eyes, and he glared at Neb, 'This is how you repay our friendship?' he spat on the ground, adding: 'It seems you can take the boy from the peasant, but not the peasant from the boy.' 
Neb sprung at him – even Lord Massant's son couldn't get away with that – but Blain's hand clamped on his shoulder. Restrained by an immovable grip, Neb watched Alexis and Harry stride past the Main Square and melt into the night. He shivered. 
'Battles are never fun – but tomorrow's showdown will be exciting – and you could still be there. That's what you're thinking isn't it?' Blain's voice rumbled in his ear. Neb spun around, dipping his shoulder and batting Blain's hand away. Under thick bushy eyebrows, Blain's eyes were sympathetic. Neb's anger faded. He nodded, chewing at his bottom lip. 'I've made my decision,' his fingers brushed against the scrap of pig-skin concealed inside the folds of his borrowed cloak. 'I'm determined to find Kattin and persuade her to release Samara.' Although if he got the chance, he'd simply steal Samara away. 
As though reading his mind, Blain cautioned him: 'No heroics this time. Show Kattin my written promise, tell her she can have my gold now, providing she lets the girl go.' 
When Neb nodded assent, Blain added, 'I wish I could come with you – but,' he waved towards Lord Massant's banners fluttering above his army's tents. 
Blain would be missed, Neb wouldn't. 
Neb swallowed, there was nothing more to be said, he'd chosen his path. He patted Blain's arm awkwardly, turned and started out on his mission. 

***

Two spear carriers guarded the village's eastern gates, but they were more concerned with watching for intruders rather than deserters. Neb crouched double and hurried along the roadside's drainage ditch. He looked back a couple of times, but it seemed no-one had raised the alarm. The third time he looked back, he saw nothing but darkness and he stepped out of the ditch's cover. Immediately, the wind threatened to tear Blain's cloak from his shoulders. Wrapping it tighter around him, Neb increased his stride, keeping his eyes downcast on the road's cobbles. They reflected just enough star and moonlight to allow a good marching pace; although he left himself open to an ambush. But Neb calculated that anyone lying in wait on the off chance a traveller would come along this lonely road would have to be desperate, or mad, or both. 
So when a shadowy figure rose and emerged from the ditch, Neb's skin tightened  and his lower stomach clenched in fear.  

********
 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN: ERIC.
With a primeval roar, Neb sprung forwards and hurtled his full weight against his would-be attacker, sending them both sprawling to the ground. Immediately, Neb grappled to sit on his assailant's chest, grasped his ears and began knocking his head against the cobblestones. 

'No, stop, stop – it's me – Eric, oww – stop!' 
Without releasing his grip, Neb peered into his opponent's face. Eric gazed back with soulful eyes. With a snort of disgust, Neb let go of his ears and Eric's head clattered against the cobblestones one last time. Neb clambered to his feet, dusted himself off and struck out on his journey again. But now his eyes flickered from the cobblestones to the path ahead. Within minutes there was a scuttling behind him. Eric called 'wait, wait for me!' 
Muttering an oath, Neb increased his pace. Catching up with him, Eric scurried alongside. 'Don't be angry – I didn't mean to frighten you,' 
Neb shot him a sideways glance, tempted to knock him to the ground again. 
'You didn't frighten me. I almost knocked your damn fool brains out. Why didn't you make yourself known?' 
'I didn't have a chance – you jumped me!' he rubbed the back of his head ruefully, then changed the subject: 'You got us a lantern? Can we light it?' 
Neb frowned, 'There is no "us," there is no "we," go home.' 
Eric grabbed at his arm, almost dragging him to a halt. 'I'm coming with you. That's my father out there,' his Adam's apple worked in his throat, and his eyes glistened. 'You want to rescue Samara. I want to rescue my father.' 
Neb hesitated. He couldn't shake the suspicion that Alfred was in league with Kattin. But Eric was a lightweight; having him along wouldn't hurt and might help. There might be a way to use Eric as leverage against Alfred. 
He gave a curt nod, detached Eric's hand from his arm, and marched forwards. 
'Thank you Neb – you won't regret this – in any case, brown eyed people see better at night than blue eyed people.' 
Neb shook his head in disgust and scoffed: 'What?' 
'Brown eyed people have better night vision than blue eyed people.' Seeing Neb still looked confused, he explained: 'you have blue eyes, mine are brown: my night vision's better than yours.' 
Neb had never given a second thought to the colour of his eyes. He could see out of them, they worked well enough, and he'd only caught fleeting glimpses of his own reflection. He'd never felt the urge to preen in front of a looking glass, in any case, looking glasses were not a huge part of his world. 
Mistaking his silence for a rebuke, Eric continued to chatter 'not that I take notice of other men's eyes – just that …' Neb stared at him curiously, Eric flushed and his voice trailed away. Neb realised suddenly why Eric appeared to have no friends; his girlish manners made other youths uncomfortable. Deciding it was extremely unlikely that Eric would try to kiss him, Neb shrugged and continued walking. 
Earlier today, Eric could have been a deaf-mute. Now, as though sensing Neb's unspoken acceptance, Eric wanted to share his life-story and future plans. It passed the time, Eric had a pleasant lilt and a keen wit. When Eric confessed an ambition to study music in Ireland, Neb clapped him on the back: 'keep that hope alive, look at me, I'm living proof dreams can come true.' Though they both knew that Neb's short lived career as a griffin's lad was over. Eric gave him a sympathetic look, but thankfully said nothing. They continued walking, Neb's gaze continued to flicker from the ground to the road ahead. When he noted trees lining the path and branches stretching over their heads, he knew they were approaching the forest.  
A dark swath of nothingness opened up ahead to the road's right and Neb supposed the darkness indicated the track they should follow. He stopped to light the lantern. 
'Is that the track leading to Black Robes' Cloister?' Eric asked, peering into the darkness. 
'I hope so,' Neb answered and holding the lantern high, he entered the forest. 

In the lantern's flickering light, shadows morphed and changed shape. Tree branches appeared to move of their own will and once or twice Neb swore larger shadows lurked behind trees. He kept his eyes fixed on the fresh wagon wheel ruts, and tried not to think how desperate or how mad any potential ambusher would have to be. Despite Blain's cloak, he shivered and clenched his jaw to keep his teeth  from chattering. Eric crept behind him, peering over Neb's shoulder and breathing heavily, unnerving him even further. Before he could complain, Eric gripped his elbow, almost causing him to drop the lantern. 'Look! Over there – a clearing.' 
Neb held the lantern higher and swung it from side to side. Eric gripped his elbow tighter and pointed 'look!' An off-shoot path led to a muddy pool, where a wagon had been abandoned. From the muddle of foot prints, it was obvious a scuffle had taken place. Neb crouched to inspect the set of wagon wheels peeling away from the clearing. The impression of a man's boot clearly showed next to the deep wagon wheel ruts. He looked up at Eric, 'It seems your father walked out of here alongside Kattin's wagon.' 
Eric's hand flew to his chest, and he breathed a sigh. He grinned at Neb, 'That's good news.' His relief seemed genuine. Neb probed a little. 
'Eric, how did you know Kattin intended to take Vander to this Black Robes' Cloister?' he asked. 
Eric frowned 'Father and I helped Kattin load Vander's body this morning. Blain was there too,' his frown deepened. 'But then Blain left. I heard Kattin telling father of her intended travel plans.' He blinked a couple of times, then demanded, 'what are you thinking? My father is in league with this woman?' his voice rose a notch, and he lowered his head as if imitating a bull again. Neb stood up hurriedly, 'I hope not Eric. But I'm glad you followed me now,' he added, surprising himself with his sincerity. 
Eric nodded, and with a new resolve, walked across to the abandoned wagon and detached one of the lamps. Without another word, they continued on their journey. But somehow the shadows appeared less menacing now that they had two lamps, and Eric walked alongside Neb instead of creeping behind him. Even the rustle of undergrowth spoke of familiar woodland creatures carrying out their nightly business. Plodding along the muddy track, placing one foot in front of the other, Neb's anxiety lessened. 
Eric stopped suddenly, holding up a hand to halt Neb, 'did you hear that?' Unwilling to admit he was less alert than Eric, Neb scoffed, 'it's only a fox, or maybe a badger.' Bears rarely came this far South, and wolves rarely attacked unless they were starving – highly unlikely in Spring. The path widened and undulated a little ahead, the tree canopy above their heads became less dense, allowing them to  see more of their surroundings. Up ahead the path dipped to form a dimple in the mud. A cluster of dark foliaged trees grew to one side of this mini-clearing. Eric peered towards them and with a puzzled expression, stepped closer, holding his lamp higher. The trees' leaves gleamed brittle and hard in the lamp's light. Staring closer, Neb realised they were holly trees and wondered why they still had berries at this time of year. Then the red beads moved and leaves rustled and a ghostly white figure gathered mass as it reared up from its resting place. 
'Get back! Run!' Neb shouted. He swung Eric around in the opposite direction, spinning around himself at the same time and dragging Eric with him, sucked a deep breath into his lungs and sprinted for his life. 

********
 
CHAPTER NINETEEN: SAVAGED.
They ran helter-skelter along the muddy track, with the roars of the enraged stag from behind growing ever louder. A branch slammed across Neb's forehead, he ducked too late and collided head on with a tree trunk. Winded, he collapsed to the ground, rolled up into a ball and waited for the stag's antlers to tear into his flesh. The earth trembled under the stag's weight as it hurtled towards Neb. With a sickening feeling in his stomach, Neb pulled his knees higher into his chest, tucked his chin in and locked his arms over his head. His back felt terribly exposed. Neb had only caught a brief glimpse of the albino stag: but could imagine its antlers ripping through his cloak and tearing open his spine to expose the marrow of his bones. He choked back a sob, screwed his eyes up tighter and hoped death would be quick. Then unbelievably, above his own rapid heartbeat and a series of snuffles, he heard Eric shout 'Hey you! Over here!' 
A swoosh filled Neb's ears and a sudden heat sizzled his delicate arm hairs. The rogue stag snorted, and Neb screamed in terror as it trampled over his back. The beast snorted again and seemed to be pawing at the earth. Neb peeled his arms away from his head and glanced upwards. A sob rattled in his chest: Eric appeared like an avenging angel, holding aloft a burning staff in one hand. Three paces away away the stag lowered his head and glared at Eric. Its massive antlers were festooned with green vegetation, its white shape appeared as large as Blain's hut and its eyes glowed like embers. It was the stuff of nightmares; only wild boars were more dangerous than rutting stags. But there was some hope, for all its size, it appeared to be a youngster, inexperienced in the ways of men. Still dangerous, but without the cunning of an older beast. Although its eyes gleamed with hatred, Eric's actions confused it. It pawed the ground, lowered its head to swing its antlers from side to side, then galloped towards Eric. At the last moment, Eric wielded his flaming torch like a sword and leapt from the stag's path. Unable to stop, the beast collided with a tree just as Neb had. Unlike Neb, it simply retreated, shook its head with a rattle of antlers and began to turn around for another charge. 
Neb swallowed against a dry throat, unable to take his eyes from Eric's back and the flaming staff he goaded towards the stag. He realised Eric had wrapped his cloak around a branch and set it alight. Already the flames flickered, they would go out soon. Snatching up a fallen branch Neb scrambled towards his own lantern, mercifully somehow still alight. Ripping his cloak from his shoulders, Neb swirled the material around one end of the branch and fumbled to secure it firmly with the cloak's fastenings. He shuddered as the stag slammed into a nearby tree, then with a shaking hand held the lantern to his makeshift torch and blew a gentle encouragement. From the corner of his eye he saw the stag retreat, shake its head and with a terrible growl from somewhere deep in its belly, turn to charge at Eric again. Neb was on his knees now, after a quick glance in Eric's direction he resumed puffing at the tentative flame growing over his cloak. 'Please, please, please,' he breathed. As soon as his torch flared into life, Neb forced himself to stand. Eric's face was a mask of fear and his torch now nothing but embers. Sparks exploded as Eric smacked it across the stag's chest, then screamed and fell backwards. The stag lowered his head, rushed forwards and its right antler ripped into Eric's flesh,  tearing open his leg from calf to thigh.  This time Eric cried out for his father, a thin wailing 'Papa!' 
Swinging his torch in both hands, Neb brought it down on the animal's rump. 
'Get off him!' he shouted foolishly. Eric screamed a single 'papa!' again as the stag trampled over his legs in order to turn and deal with Neb. 
It took all Neb's courage to stand and wait for the beast to charge at him. Flick the torch into its eyes then dance away as Eric did, he told himself, gripping his torch tightly, fearing it might slip from his sweaty palms. Then he feared the rotten tree branch might snap and with an effort loosened his grip. He willed the stag onwards: Charge please charge, before I drop the torch or snap it in half. His mouth which had been so dry suddenly flooded with saliva. Without taking his eyes from the brute, Neb turned his head to one side and spat. At that moment, the stag charged. Head down, antlers quivering and shoulders hunched, it hurtled towards him. Its antler points pointed straight towards Neb's stomach, aiming to disembowel him. Neb screamed, somehow remembered to step to one side and swung the flaming torch across the stag's shoulders as it thundered past. Staggering backwards, Neb watched the stag shake itself and begin to extract itself from the brambles it had run into. I can't do this again, I can't do this again, the torch trembled in his hands and Neb's legs trembled underneath him. Sensing victory, the animal simply charged from the undergrowth, straight towards Neb. Neb closed his eyes and waved the torch blindly. Something knocked him from his feet and he hit the ground full length and squealed, waiting for pain to strike at his stomach. Then he opened his eyes and clenched his bladder, determined to die like a man. 

The stag hung above him, its bark stained teeth snapped at air. Stubby whiskers bristled from its snout and from its belly came a terrible gurgling roar. Neb watched its head twist left and right, as though showing off its antlers. Why weren't they goring at his flesh? Puzzled, Neb's eyes travelled downwards. A man stretched full length under the stag, his face creased with the effort of holding up a thick staff. At the other end of the staff was a sword, impaled in the stag's belly. 
'Cut the bloody thing's throat!' the man shouted, without looking in Neb's direction. 
Obediently, Neb's hand went to the dagger tucked inside his waistband; Lady Lydia's dagger. With a sob, he crawled forwards on his hands and knees. The stag struggled harder, the man's arms shook and he groaned 'hurry!' Sweat poured into Neb's eyes and the dagger turned to liquid in his hand. 'Hurry!' he whispered to himself, and slammed the dagger's point under the stag's chin and dragged at it with both hands. A hot metallic stench filled his nostrils, the stag continued to gurgle and redoubled its efforts to free itself. Neb stabbed downwards harder and continued to drag the dagger through a white expanse of throat. The dagger's point found the animal's jugular vein; a dark waterfall cascaded onto Neb's arms. Still he dragged at the dagger, both the man and stag went into convulsions. Realising this was the animal's death throes, Neb gathered all his strength and strained his forearms against the stag's chest, while thrusting the dagger hilt-deep into its flesh. His rescuer's makeshift spear bowed and trembled under the strain, the man's face twisted in agony. Then abruptly, the horrible gurgling stopped. There was a single rattle and with one last combined effort, Neb and his rescuer heaved the stag's carcass to one side. The clearing reeked, thick with the stench of blood and sweat, and Neb choked on his own breath. Dropping to all fours, he turned his head to one side and emptied his stomach's contents into the mulch of the forest's floor. Breathing became easier, but he couldn't stop his limbs from trembling and his teeth chattered painfully. 
From far away, he heard Eric whisper, 'papa – you came for me.' 
Neb closed his eyes, allowed himself a couple of sobs, then forced himself to stop and kneel upright. Pushing himself to his feet, Neb stood and then staggered across the clearing, to face Alfred. 
 
CHAPTER TWENTY: ALFRED'S BLAME.
Holding Alfred's lantern in one hand and his bloodied sword in the other, Neb stumbled along the track. Carrying his poor broken son, Alfred followed on Neb's heels, barking out directions in between harsh breaths. 
'Left here,' he ordered. On automation, Neb wheeled from the main track and followed the wagon's ruts into a clearing. He stopped short to survey the scene. A campfire burned inside a neat stone circle. Kattin rose from her seat beside it, her face seemed even more angular than Neb remembered. His eyes travelled over her to the wagon. Cowering under a grime encrusted blanket, Samara slumped against its rear wheel, with her arms behind her back. Sensing movement, she raised her head and stared into Neb's eyes. His stomach twisted at the sudden hope filling her face, chased away immediately by despair. The knots in his stomach tightened when she managed to smile at him. Alfred pushed past Neb to place his son tenderly on the ground, close to the fire. 
'I'm sorry – so sorry,' Neb blurted. He had failed her. Something hit the back of his head: Alfred's fist. 
'You're going to be a lot sorrier,' he promised, and snatched his sword back, buried the lantern's pole into the ground and grasped Neb's arms. Kattin rushed over with some rope and bound it tightly around Neb's wrists. 
'It was your son calling for help then?' she asked Alfred, then sniggered. Neb dropped his chin to his chest. 
Alfred struck him again. 'Yes, it was my son calling for me. My son! How dare you drag him into this?!' He shouted at Neb, spraying spittle over his cheeks. 
'Where's the griffin?' he demanded suddenly, glancing up anxiously, his eyes scanning the web of tree canopies blotting out the night sky. Neb kept quiet, if only Balkind were here …
Alfred struck him again 'I asked you a question – now answer.' 
Remembering Blain's instructions, Neb tried to negotiate. He swallowed a couple of times and then spoke calmly. 
'I'll explain everything, but please stop hitting me.' 
Alfred snarled, but kept his fists clenched at his sides. 
Neb glanced at Kattin, her eyes gleamed with malice, she guessed what he had to say, and sniggered again, 'see, I told you,' she grinned triumphantly at Alfred. 'Everyone else is too concerned with Chief Luthan – the fool won't back down –' she lifted her chin and sniffed, '– I knew he wouldn't, not once I'd placed the idea into his mule-bone head.' 
Neb glanced at Alfred, from his expression he'd had no idea of the depths Kattin had stooped to. 'You! Luthan's dam is your doing?!' 
Kattin sneered, 'you don't think that idiot …' she broke off, exasperated. 'It doesn't matter. My point is only these two knaves came after us.' 
'My son is no knave – and now he's dying!' Alfred shouted. 
Kattin drew back from him, her eyes glittered dangerously.  'Then pray he makes it to the Black Robes' Cloister and pray you don't offend me!' she snapped. 
An uneasy silence ensued. It was broken by Samara. 
'Untie me,' she said quietly. 'Untie me, I have lotions and a sleeping draught in my case. I can help your son. But you must untie me and stop hitting Neb.' 
Under Kattin's glare, Alfred frogmarched Neb over to the wagon's wheel. Working swiftly, he freed Samara. She stood and stretched, then whispered 'thank you for trying.' If Alfred heard, he gave no sign; he forced Neb to take Samara's spot, and then bound him securely to the wheel. 
The wagon rocked as Alfred dragged Samara's case from it. Then they both hurried over to Eric. Raising his head, Neb saw Kattin glaring at him, with her arms akimbo. 
'You fool! Alfred thinks you're to blame for this. His lily livered son would never have dared the forest on his own.' 
Neb bit his tongue. He wanted to tell her that she was so wrong about Eric: he had the heart of a griffin; courageous and kind. 
'Blain sent me, he offers all his gold in exchange for Samara's guardianship,' he blurted. 
Kattin barked a laugh, 'Oh, I wager the fat fool would love that!' she sneered. 'A fine young nubile wife and her inheritance to boot!' 
Neb shook his head, but it was pointless to argue. Along with Blain's cloak, his written guarantee had gone up in flames. 

The night dragged towards morning. Samara continued to work on Eric's wounds while Alfred hovered anxiously. Occasionally he dragged a hand over his face, then turned to glare at Neb with narrowed eyes. The stag's blood dried on Neb's arms, his hands grew numb from lack of circulation. His eyelids drooped and his chin nodded towards his chest. Alfred was right to blame him. This was all his fault. He'd let everyone down. He had failed spectacularly. 
In his dreams, Harry's mocking face appeared before him: You can take the boy from the peasant, but you can't take the peasant from the boy. 

******** 


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE: BLACK CLOISTER.
Frost crackled crisply under the oxen's hooves and then collapsed completely under creaking wheels. Neb didn't try to avoid the resulting icy puddles. He stumbled behind the wagon with his eyes fixed on its tail gate, and his wrists bound behind his back.  He tried to ignore the constant cramp in his arms. Instead, he focussed on the rope tethering him to the wagon's tail gate, desperate to keep it slack. If he allowed the rope to tighten, the noose around his neck closed off  his windpipe. 
Earlier, Neb had heard Alfred remonstrating with Kattin. She'd sniffed, and said "So what if he trips and strangles himself? Alive or dead, it doesn't matter to me – why should you care about the whelp?" Alfred had clamped his lips shut. But claiming he wanted to lighten the oxen's load, he walked alongside the wagon and kept one eye on Neb. 

The wagon's wheels jolted out of their ruts, jolting Neb from his misery; Alfred cursed and hurried to calm the oxen. Neb glimpsed Samara's dark head. She perched on the very edge of the wagon's front bench, as far as she could from Kattin. Kattin half rose from the front bench and shook the reins in her hands. They slapped against the oxen's backs; Alfred hauled on the animals' halters and the wagon jolted forwards again – but not for long. The incline beneath Neb's feet grew steeper, the wagon creaked to a halt and then rolled backwards. Neb tingled with alarm; but before his legs could obey his mind's commands to move, Alfred acted. With a curse he dragged the paddle shaped brake against the solid wood front wheel. The oxen lowed. Kattin's whip snapped over their backs, but they still refused to start up the steep slope in front of them. Alfred prodded them forwards with the point of his sword: 'move, you mangy bags of bones!' If Neb could have spoken, he would have offered to help push the wagon. Not from a desire to be helpful, but for a chance to stretch his limbs and to be free from the noose around his neck. Without consulting Kattin, Alfred reached for Samara and dragged her from the wagon's seat. He wrapped a thick rope around her wrists as he hustled her in Neb's direction, and then Samara too was tethered behind the wagon. Neb wished he could speak to her, but a gag smothered his mouth. Kattin twisted in her seat to glare at Neb and Samara long and hard, as if this whole mess were somehow their fault. Then, still holding onto the oxen's reins, she jumped down from the wagon's seat. She shook the reins. 'Walk on,' she instructed. 
'Get up now! Get on!' Alfred bawled, and prodded the oxen into movement. With only Vander's corpse and the semi-conscious Eric's weight to pull, the wagon jolted into motion, and then tilted as it began to ascend the hill. 
Samara's face was a blur of white in a mess of dark hair. Her eyes were unseeing. She pitched forwards suddenly; Neb thrust his hip and upper body in front of her, trying to stop her fall. Samara regained her balance, but continued to lean against Neb. Although her wrists were bound, she managed to clutch at his tunic with her fingers. In this crablike manner, they stumbled uphill behind the wagon. The oxen bulked again at the hill's crest. Alfred cursed and Kattin rained her whip over the animals' backs and heads. 
Samara slumped against Neb, he longed to slump too, but allowed her to lean against him. She spoke urgently, barely moving her lips. 
'Call Balkind. As soon as the chance arises, summon your griffin.' She manoeuvred her hands behind Neb's back. Her fingers brushed against the beads she had given him. 
Neb glanced down, Samara's face tilted up at him, her eyes glittered. Despite the gag in his mouth, Neb was surprised into speech.  However, all he could manage was a wordless grunt, but Samara understood him. 
'Call with all your heart. Call, and Balkind will answer,' Samara muttered fiercely. The wagon lurched forwards and Samara's face slackened again as Alfred's shadow fell across them. Without looking at Neb, he cut Samara free. Then he ushered her to the front of the wagon and hoisted her onto the seat next to Kattin. The wagon picked up speed as it rolled downhill. The wretched oxen were no better off as Alfred dragged at the brake and Kattin wrenched on the reins in an effort to keep the wagon's pace steady. 

Neb splashed through the puddles, barely noticing them. The bracelet around his left wrist burned against his skin; his heart stuttered with excitement. Samara's words played again and again in his mind. If he called, and if Balkind answered … he stopped there, not yet daring to believe. But then he recalled what Lady Lydia had said.  Samara had called him a "griffin riding fool". Neb's mouth tightened around his gag. This was one fool who wasn't about to give up hope. 

***

The sun arched higher into the sky melting the frost. Neb's feet slithered with every step. He longed for this torment to end. Just when he thought his next slip might be his last, gravel crunched under the wagon's wheels. Before relief finished soaking through Neb, the gravel was under his feet. The wagon jolted to a halt and for the first time in eons Neb was able to raise his head and take in his surroundings. Peering to his left, through the delicate foliage of trees he saw a field: Raggedy clumps of grass littered with yellow and red dots of wild flowers stretched away and upwards to form part of the hill they'd just descended. He turned his head to the right but a bank of mottled grey stones blocked his view. Neb tipped his neck back and strained to see over the top, certain something unspeakable waited for him behind the wall. Pray heavenly and earthly spirits I have the chance to call for Balkin; surely I'll be allowed a drink, or maybe even something to eat. This thought cheered him a little, and he worked at the gag in his mouth. A rumble from his stomach mingled with a deep melodious voice drifting from the wagon's front. Neb squinted in that direction; only the dome of a shaven head was visible over the wagon's high sides. He dropped his gaze. Peering between the wagon's wheels, he glimpsed a fold of Kattin's blue travelling cloak flapping against an unfamiliar swatch of glistening material. The stranger's black robe shimmered with golden threads. Neb glanced up in time to see Kattin and her new companion rounding the wagon. They paused an arm's length from him. Neb stared at the stranger: His eyes bulged slightly over a long straight nose; his chin had a pronounced dimple and his lips were fleshy. In his youth the man had probably been handsome, but with age, his cheeks had jowled and his forehead appeared overlarge, with no defining hairline to separate his face from the shiny skin stretched over his head. His bloated belly spoke of a love of food, he leaned slightly on a carved staff of ebony wood, which was topped by a curious metal ball. It was clearly hollow, with decorative holes pierced around its orb. Neb's musings were rudely interrupted when a hand grabbed at his bound wrists and jerked his arms backwards and upwards. Neb gave a muffled cry and hunched forwards, trying to ease the pain darting through his arms. 
'On your knees! Don't dare stare at His Holiness with such insolence!' 
Fingers ensnarled themselves in his hair and then tugged downwards, forcing Neb to obey. Neb twisted his head and was stabbed in the eye by a long thin nose poking from the face of a woman swathed from head to toe in black. Her headscarf was askew, revealing that she too had a shaven skull. Neb's eyes began to water, he bent his head and blinked away tears. 
Kattin cackled. 'See, he's strong, tall for his age but very biddable.' 
The melodious voice of "His Holiness" sounded again. 'Then why do you keep him bound and gagged?' 
'Alas, Father Thomas; the poor lad's wits wander, he is easily diverted, and apt to go chasing butterflies,' Kattin replied glibly. 
Father Thomas raised his staff. 'Stand him up, Sister Catherine.' 
Fingers gripped at Neb's hair and yanked upwards, forcing Neb to stagger upright. He was careful to keep his eyes lowered and focused on the golden chain draped around Father Thomas' chest. 
He flinched when Father Thomas squeezed at his biceps and then pulled the gag from Neb's mouth to inspect his teeth. Next, the Father's hands cradled Neb's jaw, forcing his head up. Neb shivered as the bulbous eyes gazed dispassionately into his own. Father Thomas released his grip abruptly and Neb sprawled across the wagon's tail gate. He decided to remain slumped there. 
'A young strong body, yet a weak will. Perfect,' Father Thomas murmured. 
'We have a deal then?' Kattin asked eagerly. 'Perform the wedding ceremony, and you keep the boy.' 
Father Thomas nodded agreement and indicated towards Samara with his staff. 'Get the girl, her wedding will take place tonight.' There was a scrabble and Samara screamed. Neb continued to slump against the wagon. It was better to pretend disinterest, and he didn't have to feign exhaustion.  

Gates were trundled back and the oxen were prodded into movement. Neb followed, limping against the tail gate. When they halted again, Sister Catherine used a knife to slice through the tethering rope, leaving the noose around his neck. Neb looked back towards the gates. They were firmly closed and barred. Briefly he considered calling for Balkind. The stone walls would surely throw his voice back at him though, and Father Thomas' harridan already tugged impatiently at the rope around his neck. With his hands still bound Neb followed, swallowing dryly and longing for a drink to rid his mouth of the gag's foul taste. Robed figures swarmed around the wagon. They lifted Eric onto a sling. From the corner of his eye, Neb noticed Alfred take his son's hand and raise it to his lips. Four men carried Eric away, with Alfred walking alongside the makeshift stretcher. Neb thought he still held his son's hand. The rope tightened around Neb's neck again and he hurriedly faced front, then winced. A wall of coloured glass bounced a rainbow of sun's rays into his eyes. Neb blinked hard, then squinted at the glass.  It was inset into soaring arches which in turn were supported by polished stone slabs. Neb blinked again and again, wishing he could shield his eyes with his hands, but unable to stop gazing at the magnificent building. Its roofs were multi-gabled; two were conventional arches, while the third roof was flat and turreted. Neb squinted up at a tower rising from the flat roof, wondering at its purpose. He finally realised it was a bell tower and felt the  small stab of satisfaction that accompanies curiousness resolved. The next moment, he struggled to remain upright as another tug at his neck indicated he should turn right. They were headed towards a collection of low roofed buildings situated at right angles to each other, forming an quadrant. They shared the same stone as their grander neighbour, but it was unpolished. There were a few windows, but instead of glass, wooden shutters hung either side of the window frames in readiness to be closed against bad weather, or the night.  Archways connected the buildings; Neb was led through the nearest one and into an inner courtyard.  Neb glimpsed a swath of green meadow through the archway of the far building, which appeared to serve as a cattle shed. Sister Catherine marched him over to a hitching post and secured the rope with two knots. With a flap of her hand, she indicated for Neb to sit. He hunkered down, unwilling to sit on the manure strewn cobblestones. Working saliva into his mouth, he stammered 'water, please, water…' The woman's long nose quivered and her lips curled into a sneer. Clutching her robe away from the cobblestones, she turned and swept out of the courtyard. Neb tried to work his arms into an easier position and wondered how he had offended her. Then he wondered if it were possible to go mad with thirst. Finally admitting defeat, he sunk to the ground and screwed his eyes closed before any tears could escape. 

Neb fell into a fitful sleep. At regular intervals an insistent clanging woke him. The first time this had happened, he'd cowered away from the sound, his eyes darting for the source of the alarm: there was a fire raging out of control, or perhaps the cloister was under attack. To his bewilderment, instead of scurrying towards the bell tower, or safety, the grey robed men and women dropped to their knees. They raised their arms and faces towards the sky, then fell forwards to prostrate themselves against the ground. They remained on their knees, arms outstretched with their faces buried  into the dirt until the bell clanged again. Neb was too exhausted to puzzle over this strange behaviour and the third or fourth time the bell clanged, he didn't bother to open his eyes. 

********



 
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO: SUMMONING HOPE.
Something nudged at his ribs. Neb prised his eyes open. He tried to spring upwards, but his muscles wouldn't obey, apart from the ones in his neck. He tilted his head upwards, and saw Alfred looking down at him. 
'Where's Kattin?' he asked. 
Neb blinked and opened and closed his mouth a couple of times, but only a low guttural sound emerged. He settled for a grimace and a shrug. 
Alfred frowned and tugged a dagger from his belt. He stooped towards Neb with the blade angled to cut. Neb flinched, but then realised Alfred was sawing through the rope binding his wrists. 
'Where on Ella-Earth do they think you'll escape to?' he muttered. As soon as his hands were free, Neb's arms fell uselessly to his sides. Still huddled on putrid cobblestones, Neb stared at Alfred, then stared imploringly at the cattle's water trough. Thankfully, Alfred got the message; he strode over to the trough and snatched up the ladle hanging nearby. Neb watched Alfred return with his heart in his mouth, desperate to be able to swallow freely again. Alfred stooped and held the ladle to his lips. Neb sipped, feeling more grateful than he'd ever been in his entire life. When the last drop of water was drained, Neb mouthed a thank you. Before slumping his head on the cobblestones again, he imagined he saw a flicker of compassion cross Alfred's face. 
'Have you eaten?' he asked. When Neb mouthed the word "no", Alfred scowled, and marched away. Hoping Alfred intended to search out some food for him, Neb closed his eyes again. Blood rushed through his veins to un-cramp his muscles, what was now merely an unpleasant tingle would soon become agony. Neb allowed the pain to pour over him. As feeling returned, he could finally massage his aching limbs and relieve some of the tension. Just as the pain reduced to a tingle once more, Alfred returned carrying a plate and a tankard. He set both down before Neb. It was water again, but clear this time. Neb drained the tankard almost dry; then tackled the lump of cheese and crust of bread, while Alfred stood over him. Neb stole glances at the man's bloodstained tunic and weary face. 
'Thank you,' he mumbled between mouthfuls. Alfred nodded and actually smiled. 
'How is Eric?' Neb ventured. Alfred's smile faded. 'It should have been you, not him. Why did you allow him to follow you?'  
Neb shook his head, chewed and then swallowed the last mouthful of bread. 'I didn't. He was concerned about you. I didn't realise he'd followed me.' 
When Alfred didn't respond, Neb continued 'I'd only just met him, but he spoke of you all the time.' Eric had only spoken of his father once, but Neb used his imagination. 'How brave you were, how he wanted to be like you – ' 
Alfred crouched to hiss into Neb's face. 'Don't lie. My son has never been one to chitter-chatter.' 
Widening his eyes, Neb shrugged. 'Maybe because I was a stranger – he was different with me. We played kick ball, only messing around with the youngsters; then we broke bread together, and it's true that he didn't talk much. But then I asked him about life in the village. Every other word that fell from his lips was "father," spoken with such pride,' Neb paused, he could see Alfred wanted to believe him. 'I wish I had known my father,' he added softly, 'I wish it had been me the stag gored.' 
Alfred's eyes glittered, but they remained hard. 'I'm sorry for what's happened. But I can't let you go, you realise that.' 
Neb gave a brief nod. 'I understand, you have to follow orders,' he swallowed hard, and allowed his gaze to roam over Alfred's head, towards the sky. 
'There is one thing I want to do as a free man though,' he waved towards the hilltop and the skies above. 'To stretch my legs one last time, and maybe call a farewell to my griffin.' He glanced sideways at Alfred, who looked thoughtful. At last he sighed 'well, I can't see what harm it would do. Wait here,' he added, as though Neb had a choice. Watching Alfred march away, Neb prayed for a minor miracle. He prayed silently, even though there was no-one around to hear him.  
After being fed and watered, the oxen had been led through the archway behind Neb and into the cloister's pasture fields. The courtyard corner Neb slumped in seemed an oasis of peace compared to the rest of the compound. Men and women flowed through the courtyard, passing through archways and doorways without hurrying, yet in a purposeful manner. They conversed in murmurs no louder than the  swishing of their robes. Studying them covertly, Neb deduced that there were two tiers of cloister dwellers. Father Thomas and his black robes formed the elite and these grey robes were the worker bees. The trample of heavy boots broke into Neb's musings. He looked up to see Alfred marching across the courtyard with an expression of grim satisfaction on his face. Lightness flooded Neb; he let out his breath in a huge sigh and then grinned: he was about to get his chance. 

Ten minutes later the gates swung open. Alfred led Neb across the path and into the scrubby field leading to the tor. It felt good to be able to swing his arms as he walked. The noose was still around his neck but both he and Alfred were careful to keep the rope slack. The sun's rays slanted over their shoulders and backs as they climbed the hill. When they reached the peak, they turned to see the sun perched on the horizon's shelf like a ferrous orange ball. Neb couldn't remember ever seeing a sunset like this. A mist began to rise up, Alfred nudged him and pointed down to Father Thomas' community. The glass building appeared to be on fire, light streamed from its windows. The other buildings were already hidden in mist. 
'Hurry, if you're going to say goodbye to your griffin, do it now,' Alfred said, looking embarrassed to be indulging this fancy. 
Neb glanced at the rope in Alfred's hands. 
'I can't, I'm sorry, but I can't. Call farewell to your griffin,' Alfred said gruffly.
Instead Neb raised his hands to the noose around his neck. It seemed important to be truly free. 
'I promise, you have my word,' he said. He loosened the noose from around his neck saying 'after all, where would I run to?' 
Alfred looked away, so Neb tugged the noose over his head and dropped it on the grass. He touched the beads around his wrist; call with all your heart, Samara had said. He inhaled deeply, then cupped his hands around his mouth. 
'Balkind!' 
He allowed his voice to die away before calling again: 
'Balkind!' 
Before calling for the last time, Neb lowered his head and conjured up a vision of his griffin, wings outstretched and gliding more gracefully than anything that large had a right to.  
He looked towards the horizon again. The very air seemed to be listening, even  the sun paused in its descent. Keeping the image of Balkind fixed in his mind, Neb projected his voice and summoned his griffin for the third time:
'BALKIND!' 
The cry resonated around the hilltop, and soared into the skies. Neb touched the beads at his wrist again, was it his imagination, or were they vibrating with a warm glow? A hand fell on his shoulder, then Alfred dropped the noose back over his head again. 
'Thank you,' Neb said once more. Alfred gave him a strange look, and they started back down the hill. 
Neb kept his face tilted towards the setting sun and prayed Balkind would answer his summons before it was too late.  

********

 
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE: NEB'S FATE.
The gates had barely closed behind them when Kattin flew at them, her long blue cape streaming behind her. 
'What do you two play at?' she asked, her face contorted with rage. 
Alfred eyed her coldly. 'The boy wanted to stretch his legs and bid farewell to his griffin,' his eyes flickered over her shoulder and he added, 'good evening Father Thomas.' 
With a visible effort, Kattin swallowed her anger. 'Father Thomas, my man thought it might be as well to allow the youth to stretch his legs. The girl won't be ready for an hour or two.' 
Father Thomas frowned. 'The ceremony should take place after sunset, but before moonrise.' 
Kattin giggled, the rusty sound caused both Neb and Alfred to cringe. She opened her hands, and spread her fingers, implying what's a person to do? 'She's young, she's insisting on being married in her mother's wedding gown. Your women have almost finished sponging it free of blood.' 
Neb shuddered, and when Alfred led him away, back towards the courtyard, he followed willingly. Father Thomas' low hum of a voice followed them 'All is prepared in readiness, it won't do you know, to keep him waiting.' 
Before Neb could wonder about who he was, Samara hurtled towards him, wearing only her under-shift.  A trail of women followed her, keeping a few paces behind. 
'Neb!' she cried, and threw herself at him. Neb returned her hug, feeling her bony spine beneath his hands. She smelled wonderful, of freshly laundered skin and hair. Still clutching his upper arms, she pulled away slightly to stare into his eyes. 
'Did you call him?' she asked earnestly. 
Neb bared his teeth in a grin. 'Oh yes, I called for him.' 
Alfred stared at them. Samara raised her chin, and stared back defiantly. 
'Do not begrudge us this last goodbye. In two hours, I shall be married to a corpse, and he –' she jabbed a finger at Neb, 'will be forced to surrender his body to a demon's spirit.' 
Her words stunned Neb. Surely this couldn't be true? It seemed Alfred shared his disbelief. One hand flew to the hilt of his sword while the other grabbed at Samara's arm. 'What stories do you dream up now?' 
Samara shook her arm free. 'That is the bargain your dear lady has made with the good Father Thomas,' she glanced around, her eyes sweeping over the gaggle of women, to the beautiful stone building. 'How do you think all this is paid for? Why do you think the local chieftain allows this – this mumble jumble – to take place on his lands? Father Thomas' gold may be tainted, but it is still gold,' she smiled, a smile to shrivel souls. Certainly Alfred shrivelled from her contempt. Sister Catherine was made of stronger stuff. She hustled Samara away, saying 'our faith is not mumble jumble! Ready or not, you will get dressed now, and the ceremony will be completed before moonrise.'  
An uncomfortable silence settled over the outer courtyard. Neb still struggled to understand exactly what new ordeal awaited him. His expectations of Father Thomas were low, but surely Samara was exaggerating, maybe even lying? 
Finally Alfred spoke. 'You weren't saying goodbye to your griffin were you?' 
Neb glanced at him from the corner of his eye and didn't answer. Instead he asked his own question. 'Did you know about this … ' words failed him. 
With only one ambition in life; to work in Romulus' griffin sanctuary, Neb paid scant attention to the spiritual world. He respected the spirits, and like everyone, prayed when his own spirit moved him to do so. In times of hardship or triumph, communities would gather and commune with the spiritual world as a group. But this cloister demanded unadulterated worship and strict adherence to ceremony. Neb hadn't dreamed it involved summoning demons. He knew it could be done, but associated the practice with magicians, or rogue druids.  

Alfred shook his head, and gave a weary sigh. 'She … my lady Kattin and Vander … they helped hatch a plan to dam the river. Chief Luther would have a fish filled loch, and they calculated that Chief Wulfstan would panic, and gladly agree to Vander's marriage with Lillian in exchange for a loan of gold,' he paused. Neb frowned. 'Lillian?!' 
Alfred nodded and went on 'that was the original plan, but when the chief bulked, Vander quickly suggested he marry Samara instead – she had no-one to speak up for her,' he paused again, 'Samara's pretty enough, when she's not scowling. But then Lady Lydia interfered, and Vander was still pleased with the bargain, but my lady Kattin – well …' his voice trailed away. 
Neb's frown deepened. 'How much of this is Kattin's doing? Did she murder her own brother?' Alfred shuffled his feet, threw his head back to look up at a rapidly darkening sky, and then simply strode away. 
Recovering himself, Neb yelled after him 'Did she murder her own brother?!' 
His voice echoed around the courtyard and bounced back from the high grey walls: "murder her own brother". Forcing his feet to move, Neb started to follow Alfred. He was brought short by a jolt around his neck. Turning his head, he saw long nosed Sister Catherine holding the end of a rope and leering at him. She tugged at it and his neck burned again. Neb grabbed at the rope and tugged back. 'Stop that!' he said, and began to loosen the noose from his neck. He had the craziest notion that he would find Samara, and together they would simply walk away from this madman's dream. 
Suddenly, the large frame of Father Thomas loomed over him and snatched the rope from Neb's hands. From the direction of the cloisters, Kattin approached, dragging Samara behind her. Samara's crimson robe swamped her small frame, and her hands were lost in the flared flowing sleeves, although golden ribbons criss-crossed the bodice to draw it tight around her chest. Her long black hair was pushed away from her face by a narrow gold band, and then braided into a plait that hung down to the small of her back. She looked like a little girl dressed up in her mother's finery; apart from her eyes: they glittered with an ancient fury. Alfred reappeared and tied Neb's hands behind his back again, as though their brief comradeship had never been. 
Father Thomas addressed them in a cheerful manner, pretending not to notice Samara's tears of rage.  'Samara, you look stunning. Your husband will be overjoyed,' he leered at Neb. 'He grows impatient, come, the hour is upon us.' Then he crooked his elbow, and drew Sister Catherine's arm through his. 
'Come, Sister Catherine, finally, your son will wear flesh again.' 
Neb looked from Catherine's hag like features to Kattin's angular face. There was no family resemblance, they couldn't possibly be mother and daughter. Then Neb's spine melted; no matter whose spirit was about to be summoned, there was no doubt about the flesh it intended to wear: His. 

********
 
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR: A MATCH MADE IN HELL.
Neb kept his eyes fixed on the silver metal ball atop Father Thomas' staff as he led the procession into the grand building. His heart thumped in his chest as though it wanted to escape. Neb worried it might explode. Alfred kept his hand clamped around Neb's upper arm. Sandwiched between them and Father Thomas and Mother Catherine, Kattin also clamped her hand on Samara's arm. Neb felt the back of his neck prickle as he entered the building. Panels of dark wood gleamed on the walls, while metal frames clamped the coloured glass in place. Ned tilted his head back but couldn't see the ceiling. Even in daytime this place would be dank and gloomy, with no natural light allowed to enter. 
Father Thomas moved diagonally across the marble floor. Behind Neb footsteps continued to clatter, he thought it was an echo but then Father Thomas reached the far wall and turned to address his audience. 
'My children, here you must remain. Pray for us, pray for Sister Catherine, that her son's spirit shall defeat this pagan's spirit and be clothed in flesh again,' he raised a hand and laid it on Neb's head. 
A  dozen voices murmured 'we pray for you, for Sister Catherine, for her son, and the pagan.' 
Shaking off Father Thomas' sweaty hand, Neb turned to stare in amazement at the shadowy grey robes. 
Samara screeched: 'tell your crows to pray for your soul, or is it beyond redemption?' 
Father Thomas merely stared at her with his jelly like eyes. 'Keep her quiet please, Lady Kattin,' 
Then he turned, opened the door, and walked through, followed by Sister Catherine. Kattin pushed Samara in front of her, then ducked through the arch. Neb shuffled forwards and discovered a stone stairway in front of him. It curled upwards. He glimpsed a flash of blue cloth, heard Father Thomas' staff tapping up ahead, then Alfred urged him forwards. 
The stairway emerged onto a flat roof enclosed by a waist high stone wall. Two huddles of black robed figures lurked either side of the stairwell. A voice emerged from one of the hoods. 'Remove your shoes, this is sacred ground.' The roof's surface was covered in a crumbly earth. It didn't look too sacred to Neb but while Alfred obeyed instructions, removing first his own and then Neb's footwear, Neb surveyed the scene; a table about ten paces away was surrounded by candles and pitch burning torches. Their flames mingled to provide a wall of fire. Father Thomas and Sister Catherine had already taken their places, and now stood behind the table. Their black robes were nearly invisible and their faces seemed to hover mid-air, like glowing spectres. There were two chairs at either end of the table, which was chest high and long enough to seat twelve people. One empty, one occupied, but Neb couldn't see by whom. An invasive smell of burning spice tickled Neb's senses and he sneezed. Alfred joined in and Kattin sniffled and blew her nose on her sleeve. Noticing Samara was breathing through her mouth, Neb copied her. A prod at his back urged him forwards. Father Thomas began to chant as the group approached the table. Neb gasped. Vander's lanky corpse slumped in one of the high backed chairs. His skin looked waxen under the candlelight. Samara's head twisted from side to side, and her lips began to move, 'no, no, no, no, no …' she gibbered. Father Thomas chanted louder. Neb looked at Alfred. His skin too looked waxen, he kept his eyes fixed on a point over the Father's bald head. 
'Stop this!' Neb yelled, but Father Thomas chanted even louder. An echoing chant drifted up from the hall below. One of the Black Robes clamped Neb around the neck and forced him to sit in the chair opposite Vander. The Black Robes seemed to melt into the dark, apart from four of their number, who filed silently around the table and lined up to form a guard behind Father Thomas. Neb contracted his biceps and strained against the rope binding his wrists. His heart-beat stuttered when the rope slackened. Only a fraction, but there was a definite movement. He glanced towards Alfred. The man continued to stare straight ahead, but a tic showed at the side of his jaw. Neb contracted and relaxed his muscles again; stretching his tendons to breaking point, his actions hidden by the chair's high back. Father Thomas' chant gave way to a prayer. He paused at the end of each line and waited for a response to come from the hall below. Each time he paused, Sister Catherine swung a round metal container from the end of a chain in a wide semi-circle. Smoke drifted from pierced holes in the container and the air grew heavy with burning nutmeg mixed with another, more pungent, smell that Neb couldn't identify. Whatever it was it crept into his mouth and nose and stifled his thoughts. He continued to work at the rope around his wrists, but he couldn't remember why it seemed so important. He became entranced by flickering candlelight; hypnotised by the miniature flames reflected in the molten wax dimpled around the candles' wicks. Real world, imitation world, real world, imitation world, real world …his mind chanted in time to the flickering lights, while Father Thomas' voice droned on. 

A scream pierced Neb's consciousness. He glared at Samara, annoyed to be shaken from his dream-like state. The candle flames flickered towards her as she drew in a sharp breath and screamed again. Her skin tightened over her face, her eyes bulged and her lips drew back over her teeth. Her entire body convulsed as she wriggled and squirmed and tried to free herself. But Kattin's hands clamped firmly against Samara's shoulders. Neb's gaze travelled up from Kattin's white knuckled fingers, to her face. The gouges on her cheeks stood out as inflamed red stripes and her eyes too were wide, not with horror, but anticipation. Still in a state of semi-fugue,  Neb glanced towards the other end of the table. On the chair opposite him, Vander's mouth yawned open. Neb shook his head – that wasn't right – Vander was dead. Even more perplexing, a puff of vapour hung over Vander's mouth. Instead of dispersing into the night it began to spiral. Slowly at first, then faster and faster. As it spun it folded in on itself, becoming thicker and less transparent. Neb watched with fascination, until with a last twirl it disappeared inside Vander's mouth which promptly snapped shut. Vander's eyes sprung open. Reflected candlelight glistened in the black pupils; they didn't dilate, but still they saw. Vander's body straightened and his head tilted towards Father Thomas who increased the pace of his chanting. Above his voice and the crackle of burning pitch, Neb heard bones snapping. His eyes sought the candles again and he willed himself to re-enter a dream state. But then a voice spoke and Neb's flesh tried to creep away from his bones. 
The demon had answered Father Thomas' summons. 
'You have called, I am here. What do you ask of me? What payment will you  offer?' 
A rattling gurgle caused Neb to glance to his left. Alfred shook as convulsively as Samara. Neb realised suddenly that Alfred had never believed in demons or spirits of any kind. With his son laying at death's door, Alfred too was a prisoner. It must have seemed to him that he had no other choice but to play along with this madness. Neb glanced back at Vander's animated corpse, now only the whites of his eyes showed. The dead man's hands gripped the chair's arms. As Neb watched, Vander's nails elongated into talons. Neb's eyes shied away from this horrific sight and up to Father's Thomas' face. His lips worked wetly as he prepared to answer the demon. But before he could utter a word, Sister Catherine flew at him. 
'That's not my son! That's not my son! You promised me my son would return from the dead – where's my son?!' she howled, sinking to her knees and clutching at her breast. 
The demon mocked her: 'If you're so keen to be with your son again, go and meet him!' The candles blinked out and almost simultaneously re-ignited with a hiss.  Startled, Neb jolted back in his chair, then glanced at Samara. Her hands covered her mouth and her eyes were fixed in horror. Neb turned his head to follow her stare and saw Sister Catherine slumped face upwards over the table. Her headscarf was dislodged and her long hook of a nose pointed accusingly at Father Thomas.  One of the black robes stepped forwards, scraped her body from the table and carried it towards the stairs. Without Sister Catherine constantly scattering incense, the air became sharper and Neb sucked it in by the lungful. As his fear increased he felt his wits returning. He clenched and unclenched his fists; working the rope around his wrist loose, then taut, then loose again. 
The demon cackled, and repeated: 'If I do your bidding, what will you offer in return?' 
Father Thomas smiled beatifically and gestured towards Neb. 
'A fine young healthy body. Is that payment enough?' 
Vander's corpse smiled, and Neb's blood froze in his veins. 

Now a deal had been struck, Father Thomas began intoning the wedding ceremony. Samara's teeth chattered with fear. When it came for her to accept her vows her lips mouthed the word "no", but Kattin squeaked a "yes". 
Father Thomas cocked an eyebrow and turned to his cohorts behind: 'You all heard Samara accept this man Vander's offer of wedlock?' As one they chorused, 'We heard a maiden's voice say "yes".'
Neb blinked; behind the Black Robes shadows cavorted wildly. If he looked at them from the corner of his eye, they appeared as wild eyed demons, grinning with triumph. 
A stench of rotting meat caused him to gag. He looked up to see Vander's corpse standing over him. It reached out and its filth ridden fingernails scraped through Neb's hair. Pin pricks of red lights shone in Vander's eyes and the demon grinned with dead lips.
'Pretty, pretty blond hair. Pretty boy.' Vander's eyes rolled up in his head again, showing only the whites. The corpse's knees collapsed and it slumped against the table and almost tumbled forwards into Neb's lap. The demon screeched and tried to regain control of the corpse. A gruff voice emerged from one of the Black Robes: 'Patience brother, your new form will soon be prepared.' 
Neb redoubled his efforts to free his wrists. His eyes darted frantically from face to face. Father Thomas wore his usual indolent expression; Samara and Alfred were deep in shock. He knew he could expect no help from Kattin; and as for the black robed figures behind Father Thomas – their faces were in shadow – they might even be demons themselves. 
Neb gave up struggling and groaned out-loud 'Balkind, where are you?' but a voice inside his mind whispered, don't lose hope, hope is all that's left. 
The demon twisted Vander's head again to stare at Father Thomas. This time there was no snapping of bones, just the slurp of broken blood vessels. 
'What does the boy speak of, who is Balkind?' 
Neb wondered at the tension in the demon's voice. 
Father Thomas shrugged and gave a bewildered shake of his head. Kattin answered 'Balkind is no-one, it's the name of his griffin.' Because she couldn't resist showing off, she added: 'it isn't even yet a griffin – it's still only a gryffant.' 
Vander's corpse jitterbugged as the demon struggled to manoeuvre Vander's head around. Kattin's dead brother's eyes stared into hers: 'Griffin? There's a griffin here?!' The tension had changed to panic. 

A half remembered lesson rose in Neb's mind: Chantress Anderra smiled as she recalled an old legend and explained why baby griffins were called cherubs. The very first griffins on Ella-Earth had been heaven sent to be the guardians of ley lines, unseen paths of unseen spiritual energy. Apparently, Samara had also heard these legends; she raised her chin and her eyes met Neb's. The malicious smile he'd come to know so well played around Samara's lips and she quoted: 
'…And the spirits of all living things danced along the ley-lines of Ella-Earth, making a joyful noise unto the heavens. And though demons spat with hatred to see such rejoicing, they dare not approach … ' 
Through Vander's eyes the demon glared at Samara: 'Be silent! Be still!' 
Evading Kattin's grasp, Samara took a step closer to the bloodless face of Vander. Robed in her mother's finery, she suddenly appeared taller, all traces of the girl had vanished revealing a bewitching woman dressed in red. Through bared teeth she finished the quotation: 
'… for with the courage of a lion and glorious flight of an eagle, the mighty griffins patrolled the ley-lines … and they feasted on the demons' souls.' 
Behind Father Thomas, the Black Robes chuckled. Reduced to just a girl again, Samara's face crumpled into bewilderment. She didn't resist when Kattin grabbed at her and thrust her towards Alfred. Two of the Black Robes stepped forwards to flank Father Thomas. One spoke in a rough growl: 
'The boy has summoned his griffin. Make certain when it arrives that our brother is wearing the boy's flesh.' 

********
 
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE: DEMON'S DELIGHT.
Outrage overcame Neb's paralysis and he shouted: 'Balkind won't be fooled – he's the cleverest griffin – ' 
Kattin struck his mouth and his head slammed against the chair's backrest.  
'It's a gryffant, not a griffin, and one that's barely controllable too,' she spat and stooped to pick up the incense burner. 'There is nought to worry over, yet we should make haste.' 
The demon/Vander's head twisted to Father Thomas. 'Yes – make haste. You promised me the boy's body. Fail, and I shall claim take your soul in forfeit.' 

With jerky movements, the demon/Vander's hands rose and its fingers gripped Neb's shoulders hard. A little too hard. With a cluster of snaps, the dead man's finger bones broke. But then the Black Robes pounced on Neb, lifted him forcibly from the chair and threw him down on the table. Neb caught a whiff of decay, then once again a mind stupefying incense filled his senses. 
A black robed "brother" plumped down on Neb's chest, puffing the air from his lungs, another sat on his knees. Winded, Neb stared upwards; into Father Thomas' florid face and watched his fleshy lips moving as he intoned the ritual. 
Pressed against the small of his back, his hands began to lose sensation. Unwillingly, he became hypnotised by the to and fro movement of the silver incense ball; embers glowed between the pierced metal. Father Thomas' voice droned on and on, fingers clutched at Neb's shoulders, the rope around his wrists burned. With a lead weight on his chest, he could take only shallow breaths and his mind drifted away. It floated up out of his body and Neb embraced the lightness. He hovered above everyone. He gazed down at his own body; it looked like a life-sized child's doll. Its dark brown limbs were well proportioned and seemed well made, but having never seen himself in a mirror, he was fascinated by the smaller details. He'd been told his eyes were blue, but he hadn't realised they were the deepest blue imaginable. A good body, he should have been prouder of it and certainly he should have taken better care of it. Now it was too late. Vander's corpse slumped to the floor, his mouth hung open, and a small cloud of vapour spiralled upwards: towards Neb's body. 
In a flurry of red fury Samara darted forwards, snatched up a candle with both hands, upended it and poured molten wax over Neb's bare feet. A small remnant of Neb remained; enough to gasp and instinctively knife-jack his feet away from the source of pain. His knees jerked up to his chest and he sat up. With surprised yelps, the two Black Robes lost their balance and tumbled to the floor. Neb's wonderful feeling of lightness vanished. He glared at Samara and tensed his muscles. The ropes around his wrists slid over the heels of his hands, and he was free. Neb sat on the table with his legs dangling over the edge, rubbed at his wrists and frowned at Alfred who appeared to be embracing Kattin. With his arms literally full, the older man shrugged as though apologising for both his and Kattin's behaviour. Swaying gently, Neb stared at Samara, wondering whether to kiss her or curse her. Samara scowled and shouted: 'Look-out!' 
Neb's arms were grabbed and twisted outwards and upwards. He screamed; the Black Robes held him in a bone-breaking arm lock. A thousand red hot needles pierced his scalp, forcing his head up and backwards. Father Thomas' hands grasped fistfuls of his hair and he leaned forwards to spit into Neb's face. 
'It's almost moon rise! Too late to start the ceremony again – you've condemned my soul to a demon's care!' he screeched. He released his grip and Neb's head slumped forwards. He caught a glimpse of Samara's red dress engulfed amongst the folds of a Black Robe and heard her wail of despair.
'Hold him there, hold him!' Father Thomas bawled and then the red hot needles were back, as Father Thomas yanked at his hair again with one hand. The other wielded a dagger towards Neb's exposed throat. Holding the dagger against Neb's throat, Father Thomas paused to whisper 'The demon will take my soul, but I will take your life's blood!' 
Pain seared through Neb's scalp, but he managed to jerk his head away; only to be instantly recaptured by Father Thomas. He wielded the dagger again. Nearby the demon cackled with glee – it would gain two souls tonight. Then it howled with rage. Neb sensed it scrabbling to reanimate Vander's corpse, desperate for concealment. Bewildered stutters came from Father Thomas and the black robed figures behind him; but gradually all movement stilled and a deathly silence surrounded the rooftop. 
Then a bellow filled the night sky. A thousand thunder claps one immediately after the other created a wind that rocked the bell tower. Another bellow sounded, deep and filled with threat. Hope began to rise in Neb's chest, he strained to see into the darkness. Sheets of lightning flashed through the night sky. A third bellow almost deafened him. Behind him, the moon rose at last. Its beams revealed the lightning to be a beast; a giant beast with eyes of emerald green and lips snarled back over long sharp teeth. Its forelegs stretched and its talons gleamed like pearl handled daggers. It glided towards the rooftop on silver wings. 
Joy exploded through Neb and he shouted his griffin's name: 'BALKIND!' 

At Neb's feet, Vander's corpse tried to scrabble under the table. Jerking free from her captors, Samara placed a small grimy foot on its chest, which immediately caved in. Samara stamped down harder and when the demon whimpered, she smiled. 
Balkind landed on the rooftop and without pausing to fold his wings, gambolled over to Vander's corpse. His nostrils flared as he inhaled the demon's putrid scent. Balkind's eyes glinted. Time ground to a halt, Balkind stood menacing and still as an un-earthly light poured from his body. Neb watched in wonder as the light became an entity, independent yet attached to Balkind. Somehow Neb knew it was Balkind's spirit, and it dwarfed the griffin's physical form. 
The demon's exposed soul appeared pitiful; a barely-there smudge of evil vapour, certainly no match for behemoth Balkind. In an instant, yet one that seemed to last forever, the griffin's spirit entombed the demon's and consumed it wholly. Triumph swelled through Neb's chest; the legends were true!  
But Balkind wasn't finished. His head snaked out, his teeth clamped either side of Vander's skull and chomped down with a sideways tearing motion. The griffin had destroyed the demon, body and soul. When the griffin spat out Vander's head, a long thin wail emerged from its mouth as it lolled towards Kattin's feet. 
Balkind cocked his head on one side, flared his nostrils and inhaled deeply, searching for more demons. The vices clamped on Neb's arms vanished. From his almost upside view, Neb watched the Black Robes slouch backwards and then shrivel into rapidly decaying corpses swathed in bundles of rags. Having witnessed Balkind's awesome display of power, the elder demons simply vanished, taking their pair bonded Black Robes' immortality with them. 
The pain peppering Neb's scalp lessened and the dagger dropped harmlessly to the floor from Father Thomas' nerveless hand. Balkind bellowed again, reared up, and bared his teeth at Father Thomas, who gibbered and then plunged beneath the table.  
'Call him off, call him off!' He shouted. Balkind flapped his wings, sending the remaining Black Robes scurrying for the stairs. The griffin lowered his head and overturned the table with his horns. Then he ducked his head again to snarl into Father Thomas' face. Folds of flesh quivered as Father Thomas stared into the griffin's eyes and begged again. 
'Call him off, please call him off, please I beg of you, spare me, save me from the griffin.'  
Neb glanced around. Alfred was covering Vander's body with a blue cloak. Kattin cowered at Samara's feet. Neb's eyes flickered up to Samara's face. She watched Father Thomas begging for his life with a malicious smile. Neb shuddered. This wouldn't do at all. Father Thomas didn't deserve to live, but his griffin didn't deserve to be his executioner. Neb couldn't allow Father Thomas' death to stain Balkind's soul. 
'Enough Balkind, enough,' he said. Still snarling, Balkind lifted his head and before Neb could stop him, darted his teeth into Father Thomas' fleshy upper arm and shook him like a rag doll. 
'Balkind, drop!' Neb shouted. Balkind tossed Father Thomas into the air. Then he shuffled over to Neb and began snuffling Neb's hair. 
'Good griffin, good Balkind, good, good griffin,' Neb said with a catch in his voice, petting Balkind's neck. He felt Samara's fingers entwine around his other hand and clasped her hand in his. Then he ducked his head to swipe his eyes on his sleeve. 
'Good griffin, clever griffin,' Samara said in an unsteady voice, standing on tip-toes, so she too could pet at Balkind's neck feathers. Alfred swayed on Balkind's other side, a slow smile spreading over his face as he gazed in wonder at the griffin. 
Balkind hooted with happiness. He snuffled at Neb's hair then nibbled at his ear. Then he started chewing at Neb's tunic, hoping to find a pocket with a few forgotten sweet-berries. Neb pushed Balkind's snout away with a firm 'no' and a conciliatory pat. 'When we get home, you'll have the biggest breakfast of sweet-berries ever,' he promised. Samara laughed and Alfred's smile grew even wider. 

A scream pierced their jubilation. 
Neb spun around, terror clutching at his heart, certain the demon had somehow returned. Alfred also froze, then sprung into action. He hurtled across the table and caught at Kattin's arm. With the strength of a madwoman, she wrestled away from him, and pounced on the ceremonial staff and whirled it around her head. Father Thomas crawled from behind the table. Keeping his eyes fixed on Kattin, he managed to raise an imploring hand. Neb heard a sickening whumph and Father Thomas' head exploded like a rotten marrow. White matter and blood splurged upwards, splattering everything in its path with a strawberry coloured pulp. Kattin's teeth glistened whitely in a bloody mask and she swung the wooden staff up and over her shoulder, preparing to bash at Father Thomas' brains again. Alfred's hands snatched the staff at the top of its swing and yanked it backwards. Caught off balance, Kattin performed an untidy backwards flip and crashed to the ground. Balkind clucked with excitement, but he didn't move. Samara's face was buried in his neck feathers, and her arms clasped the griffin's upper foreleg. 
Finally, Neb's legs obeyed his commands to move. Snatching up the discarded rope from the floor, gingerly skirting the bloody mess that was once Father Thomas, he went to help Alfred subdue the madwoman.  


********



 
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX. AFTERMATH.
Face down in the "sacred" earth of the rooftop, Kattin sobbed and giggled uncontrollably. Neb and Alfred ignored her hysterics and bound her arms, wrists, knees and ankles. When they'd finished Neb glanced up. In one corner of the roof top, Samara still snuggled up to Balkind. They appeared to be half asleep and a sudden weariness flooded through Neb. But then he glanced across to the stairwell and his senses were on full alert again. In the pre-dawn light, he saw a bunch of white faces peering from grey shadows. One of the shadows detached itself and with a bowed head, crept towards Neb and Alfred. Halting an arm's length away, the man spoke: 'Excuse me … sir, but it's almost time to ring "first bell".' His voice quavered and his eyes flickered from Vander's decapitated corpse, to Father Thomas' body.  
Swiping his hair back from his forehead, Alfred stood and he too glanced around the rooftop. He seemed to feel some explanation was called for. Pointing at Kattin he raised his voice and said: 'This woman has lost her wits. Take her to the infirmary. Make certain she's not allowed to escape.' Other grey robed figures crept forwards, their faces pale and frightened. They kept their heads bowed, both in deference and in an effort not to look around them. Neb felt an overwhelming sorrow for the bewildered men and women. It seemed Alfred shared his compassion. 
'Father Thomas and Sister Catherine dabbled in matters they didn't fully understand. From now on, things will be different. We will clean up this mess and start anew.' 
One of the grey robes dared to lift his head, 'but … the morning bell … Sir. Shall I ring it?' 
Alfred shook his head. 'No,' he said gently, 'there will be no more bell ringing and no more compulsory worship. If your spirit moves you to prayer, then pray, my friend.'
A collective sigh of relief swept around the rooftop. The figures inside the grey robes seemed to straighten, their faces cleared and they began to do Alfred's bidding. One even started to whistle and when no reprimand came, the others joined in. Neb leaned against the table and watched as they manhandled bodies almost cheerfully; there were no tears over Father Thomas' death. When the last of the grey robes and their burdens disappear down the staircase, Alfred slumped onto the table beside Neb. He puffed with relief and then his brow wrinkled in thought. As if trying to convince himself, Alfred said 'I can't leave here until Eric recovers from his leg wound. I may as well guide these poor folk, at least until they can stand on their own feet and learn to act for themselves.' 
Neb grinned, punched Alfred's arm and made a rare jest: 'Your first chore should be for all their robes to be dyed: red, green, yellow – all the colours imaginable – except black!' 
Then he walked over to Balkind and Samara, and began shaking them awake. 

********

 
 
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN: AN OASIS.
Neb perched on one of the dune banks scattered along the River Cole's estuary, absently snatching handfuls of sand then allowing the grains to trickle from his fist again. Seagulls circled the cliff-tops behind him, piercing his ears with their angry squalls. Balkind cruised among them like a wolf among sheep. Neb shuddered.  Despite the hollowness of his stomach, he'd have to be starving before even considering eating raw meat. At Neb's feet a fire spluttered and consumed the last of its fuel. Neb sighed and rose to scout for driftwood. He longed to shout at Samara to hurry up; since their arrival here, she'd repeatedly submerged herself in a rock pool of briny water. Surely she must be clean by now. Instead he saved his breath and didn't even glance in her direction as he began wandering along the high tide mark. He stooped occasionally to pick up shards of wood; one or two reminded him of bones, and perhaps they were the bleached remains of shipwrecked sailors finally washed ashore after years of drifting. 'Enough!' he said out-loud, 'enough thinking and enough driftwood.' In any case, inlets of water swelled and conjoined with others as the tide swept back in. Neb turned and retraced his steps. 
'About time,' he muttered; Samara huddled next to the fire, wrapped in a blue plaid blanket. Neb had taken it from the cloister's infirmary after biding farewell to his friend, Eric. 

Samara suddenly stood and hurled something into the fire, instantly re-energising its flames. With a shout, Neb sprinted forwards. But he was too late. Only charred scraps of red remained of Samara's gown. Now she had only her petticoat to wear; a white sheath like under-gown that flared slightly from her hips to flutter against her ankles. Hands on hips, she glared at him, daring him to protest. Neb wanted to shout at her, remind her that they'd stopped here at her insistence and demand some gratitude from her. Instead he crouched to tease driftwood into the fire, shaking his head and thinking he would never understand women. He concentrated on coaxing the fire into life again, strangely, his mood grew calmer as the flames blazed: At least something behaved as he expected. Satisfied he had the fire under control, he straightened and faced Samara.
'Why did you do that?' 
Samara's eyes glittered. 'Do you really imagine I'd ever wear it again? It was my mother's wedding gown. I … I wanted to wear it at my …' her voice broke and her face crumpled. Clumsily, Neb put his arms around her, cursing his stupidity. When she turned to cry into his chest, he wanted to slap at his own brains. 
Finally, he thought he understood. Before they'd left the cloister, Neb had willingly accepted Alfred's hand in apology. The man had suffered enough;  in Neb's view, he'd more than made up for his original treachery. But even when Alfred knelt before Samara and begged for her forgiveness, she'd refused to look at him. Neb had tingled with embarrassment and as they flew away from the cloister, he'd made a silent oath: The next time Samara needed rescuing, he would leave the thankless task to some other griffin riding fool. 

Now, feeling her tremble beneath the tartan blanket, he realised Samara hadn't been gloating over Alfred's humiliation. She'd needed every ounce of self control just to remain upright. Neb patted her on the back awkwardly, racking his brain for consoling words.
'Don't' she muttered, and her shoulders stiffened as her fingers clenched at the blanket's edge. Neb ducked his head to hers, partly confused, partly worried she was about to start fitting. He rubbed at her shoulders, hoping to ease out the tension. Samara shrugged him off, stepped back and repeated, 'Don't. Don't you dare say it,' her eyes were those of a hunted animal, about to turn and rip out the throat of its hunter. Raising her chin, she shouted: 'Don't dare tell me "everything's going to be all right" because it isn't! Fingers will point and tongues will wag behind hands – and maybe to my face –'
'Samara stop this – you sound crazed.' 
'I am crazed – don't you see – don't you get it?' Her fist beat at her chest 'I'm a demon's widow – how crazy is that?! How many proposals do you think I've got in my future?' she blazed. Any moment now there would be two Samaras, one formed purely from anger.
'We don't have to tell anyone,' Neb said quietly. 
Startled, Samara glanced at him, then she sneered: 'Oh don't pretend. Of course you will. You'll tell your precious Griffin Master how brave you were, and what a hero you've been.' 
Neb scoffed, 'Balkind was the hero. I'm just a fool.' 
Samara's lips twitched, so he hurried on 'My future isn't looking too bright either. Romulus offered me the chance of a lifetime and I threw it in his face.' He risked a jest. 'If I wasn't a man, I'd join you in hysterics.' Except he wasn't a man, not yet, and now he wasn't even a griffin's lad. 
Samara sniffed and swiped a corner of the blanket over her face. 'I wasn't having hysterics.'
Neb widened his eyes and clamped his lips, grinning triumphantly when Samara choked back a laugh at his mugging. She swiped the blanket over her face again and then stepped towards him. She stopped inches from him to stare up into his face. 
'You'd do that for me? You'd give up your dream?' 
Neb shrugged and nodded and suddenly she was in his arms again. Her lips brushed against his. Startled, Neb took a step backwards and stroked his fingers to his mouth. Samara smiled at his confusion and it was like the sun coming out. Stepping closer, she kissed his lips again. After a heartbeat of hesitation, Neb embraced her; her arms snaked around his neck, the blanket dropped unheeded to the ground. Their kiss seemed to last for an eternity. In his arms, Samara felt so frail, so fragile. Yet she had an inner resolve of steel. She tasted of the Atlantic Ocean which swirled into the river's mouth; wild and free, fascinating and dangerous. After an age of kissing and savouring Samara's closeness, Neb became aware of a clucking noise. Still embracing Samara, he turned around: Balkind crouched a few paces behind him. The griffin's neck feathers bristled with impatience. His head was cocked to the left, one eye trained on Neb and Samara, the other on waves crashing ever closer. Disapproval gleamed from both eyes. 
Suddenly uncomfortable, Neb pushed Samara away from him. He indicated Balkind, 'We'd better go,' he said. 
Samara frowned, narrowed her eyes, drew back her hand and slapped his face. 
Neb clutched his cheek and stared at her, 'Wha?!' 
Stooping, Samara swiped up the blanket and gripped it around her shoulders with clenched fists. 
'What was that for? For being a self-righteous stuck-up prig!' she shouted. Balkind clucked anxiously. Samara whirled on him 'and you can shut up too!' She spun back to Neb: 'you think griffin, talk griffin, and for all I know, dream about the blessed animals!' her eyes glittered dangerously. Neb shifted his weight a couple of times, opened and closed his mouth, then turned to walk away. Balkind crouched at his approach. Before vaulting onto his back, Neb paused and scratched the griffin's sweet spot, between his horns. 
Griffins were uncomplicated and weren't kissing your lips one second, only to slap your face for no reason whatsoever the next. 
Astride Balkind, he stroked at the griffin's main flight veins, feeling confidence flow through him again. He grinned briefly, glanced over to Samara and called, 'Hurry, else you'll be walking home!' 

***
They flew away from the estuary, heading up river. The sandy shores gave way to mud while a delicate scent of grass crept into the ozone soaked air. As the ocean's tides lost their influence, the river became more tranquil. Neb was idly admiring the Balkind shaped reflection rippling through the waters below them when Samara gasped. 
'They've done it! They've busted the dam!' 
Neb wished Samara wouldn't grab at his shoulders to get his attention and then realised the cause of her excitement.
'We've reached Darkling?' He signalled Balkind to dip slightly to the left and peered over the griffin's wing for a better view. 
Instead of a torrent rushing through a narrow chasm, the River Cole's gleaming waters flooded the meadows once more. 
'I'm home, Neb! I'm home.' Samara slumped against him and from her movements behind his back, Neb guessed she was fussing with her hair and clothes. 
Hearing pipes swirl and a faint rhythmic beat, Neb signalled Balkind to wheel to the right and almost immediately they were flying over Darkling. Clusters of people crowded around tables, musicians, and the main barn. They reminded Neb of insects about to swarm and anxiety gripped him: If he didn't judge Balkind's landing with care, there would be sore heads today as well as tomorrow. The griffin was already lowering his forelegs; Neb peered over Balkind's right flank and saw the barn's roof rolling beneath him with only a wing's breadth to spare. He had seconds to decide – signal Balkind to circle – or suck it up and hope for the best?  
Taking a deep breath, he screwed his eyes half closed and guided Balkind towards the barn's rear yard. The griffin pecked on landing, Neb slid forwards and clutched at Balkind's neck feathers. Balkind scrabbled to regain his balance, careering towards a bench lined with villagers. They rapidly shuffled away from the griffin's path, revealing a row of tables laden with platters of meat and bread and steaming saucepots. 
Oh my life and hereafter, don't let me slid over his head and onto the table. Taking a deep breath and tensing all his muscles, Neb thrust his hips forwards; pulled his shoulders back and in spite of Samara slamming against him, managed to regain his seat just as Balkind skidded to a halt with a triumphant two-toned hoot. 

 The music stopped mid beat; spoons halted halfway to mouths, heads swivelled and every eye fixed on him. Neb turned his head slightly to see Romulus seated at the head table, his face slack and his mouth hanging open. Catching Neb's eye, he clamped his mouth shut and bounded from his seat. Heads craned to watch the Griffin Master as he stomped past them to bear down on Neb. One or two even stood: all wore varying expressions of delighted horror on their faces; Romulus' temper was legendary.  Neb gulped, dismounted with as much dignity as his shaking limbs would allow, then turned to help Samara dismount. He sensed the Griffin Master breathing down his neck and swiftly grabbed at Balkind's snout and twisted the griffin's sensitive nostril. Don't you dare! 
Samara jumped lightly to the floor, shook back her curls, and worked a charm on Romulus. There was no other explanation. Almost blinded by her smile, Neb took a step backwards. He barely noticed when Balkind pecked at him, annoyed at being prevented from slobbering over the Griffin Master. Samara placed a hand on Romulus' arm, and smiled again, this time at villagers and Lord Massant's men. Neb blinked. How had this happened? In her long white petticoat and wearing the tartan blanket as a sash, Samara was Boudica re-incarnated. Apart from the tumble of dark curls falling to her waist. He watched as Romulus escorted Samara to the top table. He heard her say:  'I'm in your debt, thank you for sending one of your griffins to rescue me.' 
Neb frowned. That wasn't right – surely she meant "griffin riders" … not that he was a griffin rider of course… he shook his head to clear it. Alexis and Harry bounded up to slap at Neb's back and arms, all animosity  forgotten. 
'So that's the maiden you went to rescue,' Alexis said. He looked longingly towards the top table, waggling his fingers to say hello and grinning when Samara dimpled at him. 
'My friend, you made the right choice – the craven chief upriver begged for mercy – we saw no action at all,' Harry eyed Neb enviously, 'but from the looks of you, you've had a wild adventure, rescuing distressed damsels.' 
Neb smiled wryly. 'You could say that,' he admitted. Harry scowled, then brightened: 'Come, there's roast pig and barrels of ale, you can tell us all.' 
Before Neb could respond, Lord Massant and Chief Wulfstan pushed their way to Neb's side. Placing a hand on Neb's arm, Lord Massant shook his head at his son. 'First, our young friend will tell us all.' He indicated Balkind, now surrounded by a tribe of children offering tid-bits and pointedly ignoring Neb. 'You and Alexis can take care of the griffin.' 
Glancing at Chief Wulfstan's and Lord Massant's stern expressions, Neb's heart beat faster. He snuck a glance towards the Griffin Master – Samara couldn't charm him forever – could she? The sounds of merry making faded, drowned out by the blood thundering in Neb's ears. 
Lady Lydia saved him. Glaring at her husband and cousin, she hustled Neb away, calling back over her shoulder: 'Your interrogation can wait. The lad needs a good hot bath and some good hot food inside of him.'  
When Neb protested, she turned on him. 'The interrogation can wait,' she repeated firmly. 

Lady Lydia marched him towards the communal bake-house, then veered towards an adjoining hut. Three round wooden tubs filled most of the windowless hut's interior. Helda supervised a team of younger women as they poured vats of water into one of the waist high tubs. The steam added to Neb's light-headedness, but he managed to smile and nod as Lady Lydia updated him with events. It seemed Blain had fulfilled Neb's expectations and was now Chief Blain of Penwyn Village.  Finally, the women departed. With a sigh of relief, Neb tore off his clothes, clambered onto a footstool and swung himself into the tub. Chantress Anderra was fanatical about personal hygiene. All her students were expected to have strip down washes twice daily, using a basin of water, a square of cloth, and a sliver of lather-less soap. To have hot water engulf his skin felt luxurious. Neb languished in the bath until his finger tips turned pale and wrinkly. 

When he finally emerged from the bath hut, he found Chief Wulfstan waiting. The Chieftain wore his finest clothes; a richly embroidered shirt, black trousers tucked into leather boots and a black cape. Neb felt strangely shy, until the Chief gave his familiar gap toothed smile and said: 'Don't look so worried lad, Samara's explained how you felt duty bound to save her.' Placing an arm around Neb's shoulders, he led him over to the main square. 
Villagers lined the benches on either side of tables pushed together. Children and women wore garlands of greenery or flowers in their hair.  Men wore their ordinary work day tunics with their bare legs and feet dangling from wide bottomed calf length trousers, or trews. If they weren't cramming bread and roasted pig meat into their mouths, they were chugging at tankards of ale, or talking animatedly. Samara, now squeezed between Lord Massant and Romulus, presided over the top table. Neb blinked at the vision, the transformation still seemed magical. Reading his mind Chief Wulfstan murmured 'Samara can bewitch when she wants. She's already charmed the boots off the Griffin Master, and I think Lord Massant is ready to fight a duel with his son over her.' 
Grinning, Chief Wulfstan steered Neb towards the top table. A couple of villagers shuffled down the bench to make room for them, but otherwise their arrival was barely acknowledged. Absentees Harry and Alexis were presumably "taking care of the griffin," but right now, Neb failed to appreciate the irony. 
 An inquisition would surely follow, so Neb decided to enjoy the feast before him as though it was his last meal. 

********

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT: INTERROGATION.
Chief Wulfstan slid onto the bench's end, ladled vegetable stew over a plate piled with pig-meat, added a heel of bread, and thrust it in front of Neb. 
'There you go lad,' he said, as he reached for a pitcher and poured a pale golden ale into a tankard, handed it to Neb, then reached again to pour a tankard for himself. Neb slurped his drink and then sipped. It tasted of liquid sunshine. Since his fellow diners conversed loudly with their mouths full, he tore into the food before him. The pig-meat juices ran down his chin and mellow turnip chunks mingled with fresh spring green vegetables. In between shovelling spoonfuls into his mouth, chewing and swallowing ravenously, Neb scowled at Samara, but she ignored him. She appeared engrossed in Romulus' long drawn out tale of griffins he had known. On Samara's other side, Lord Massant waited impatiently to get a word in sideways. I'll wager she won't call him a griffin riding fool, Neb thought, and glowered into his tankard.

The evening wore on, the beat of drums slowed and villagers began drifting back to their huts. Gradually, the benches lining the tables emptied. Neb became aware that the end table was silent; Samara smiled at him, while Romulus puffed with impatience. 
'The maid insists that you're the best person to explain exactly what happened,' Lord Massant drawled. Samara bestowed another sweet smile on her audience, and then excused herself from the table. Chief Wulfstan rose to take a seat next to Lord Massant, who was flanked on his other side by Romulus. All three men folded their arms, placed their elbows on the table and lowered their brows in his direction. Wishing it was water instead, Neb gulped down the last of his ale, gathered his thoughts, and began. 

He emphasised that Alfred was Kattin's unwilling assistant and speculated that he'd deliberately allowed Lillian to escape. He skipped over his own desertion, saying only that Eric had secretly followed him and had been gored by a rogue stag. Next he described the Black Robes' Cloister and how Father Thomas ruled with a rod of iron. Neb implied it was Alfred's suggestion that they walk over the hills and that he'd called to Balkind on a whim. He began to describe the dark ceremony and his throat dried up. Chief Wulfstan slid a tankard of water across the table to him. 
'Take your time lad, don't be afraid, but make certain you tell us everything that happened,' he advised gently. Neb drank deeply and then nodded his thanks and continued. Despite Chief Wulfstan's advice, he skipped over Samara's marriage made in hell. Instead, in a hollow voice, he related the demon's demands: That Father Thomas expel Neb's spirit, leaving his body free to be possessed. Had they noticed the gap in his story? Chief Wulfstan shifted in his seat, Lord Massant's wry smile returned but this time didn't reach his eyes. A vein under Neb's jaw pulsed uncomfortably; he glanced at Romulus and then wished he hadn't. The Griffin Master's expression would have turned Medusa to stone. Neb gulped and massaged his throat. He hadn't lied, but neither had he been completely truthful. 
I promised Samara, and it's too late now, he told himself, and hurried on.
Chief Wulfstan interrupted him. 'You disobeyed orders. That can be overlooked, we're all aware of what can happen when orders are followed blindly.' The Chief's next words electrified Neb. 'But when given the chance to explain yourself, you deliberately withheld information. In doing so, you lied to us.' The ground beneath Neb's feet tilted and he gripped the bench beneath him for balance. How did Chief Wulfstan know? Then he thought Lillian! Of course Lillian would have told her parents about Kattin's evil plan. He glanced across the table towards his three judges and his heart sank. The expressions of Romulus and Lord Massant were grim, Wulfstan's sorrowful. Feeling like a small child caught with his hand in the honey comb, Neb wanted to flee from the condemnation on his judges faces.  Instead he swallowed hard a couple of times, lifted his chin and answered Chief Wulfstan. 
'Sir, the matter of which you speak concerns a maiden's honour.' His throat tightened and he could say no more. Chief Wulfstan's stern expression softened and he nudged his cousin in law. Lord Massant shook his head, looked down at the table, and smiled.
'Right answer, wrong timing!' Romulus boomed. 
Lord Massant spoke quietly. 'That was all you had to say, we are not ogres, and we too respect a maiden's honour. Now continue but mark my words well: only the truth entire will excuse you.' 
Neb felt giddy with relief and thirstier than ever. He tried not to look at the silver tankards in front of his judges. He wanted to lick his lips, but what good would that do? His tongue was just as dry, although his palms were greasy with sweat. 

But he no longer felt he was on trial and so with halting words, Neb continued. He described his out of body experience and how Samara had dashed hot wax over his feet to bring him to his senses. His listeners grimaced in sympathy. They scowled when the Black Robes held Neb in an arm lock for Father Thomas to slice open his throat. By the time Neb got to Balkind's appearance, they were leaning forwards and breathing heavily, completely enthralled. Romulus smiled grimly on hearing how Balkind had disposed of the demon. Chief Wulfstan cheered when Father Thomas was shaken by the griffin. They all frowned at Kattin's murderous actions. Finally Neb's voice trailed away. He gazed longingly at the tankard again. 
The three men huddled their heads together and debated Neb's fate. But all Neb could think of was taking another swallow of water. 

Finally it appeared they'd reached agreement. All three sat ramrod straight, clapped their elbows on the table and folded their arms again. Neb wondered if he should stand, then decided to remain seated. He didn't trust his legs. 
Lord Massant spoke. 'Young man, you acted rashly. You disobeyed Griffin Master Romulus, Chief Wulfstan, and even my orders. It's only because of your griffin's devotion – '
'– disobedience' Romulus growled. 
Lord Massant sucked in a breath and continued 'it's because of your griffin's actions that you survived.' He glanced towards Romulus, who scowled down at the table. Chief Wulfstan spoke next: 'The boy acted foolishly. Alfred and Kattin acted badly. Kattin has paid with her sanity; it seems Alfred has repaid his debts and chosen a voluntary exile,' he paused, and Neb nodded his agreement. 
Neb waited for Romulus to speak. He forgot about his terrible thirst although the silence dragged on for eons. 
Finally Lord Massant prompted: 'Griffin Master Romulus, may we hear your words?' 
Neb clutched his hands between his legs and then sat on them in a bid to hide his tremors. He stared again at the silver tankard with unseeing eyes. 
Chief Wulfstan tried: 'What say you, Griffin Master Romulus? Does the boy still have a place in your sanctuary as a griffin lad? 
Romulus swivelled his head and fixed Chief Wulfstan with a stare of disbelief. He slapped his hand against the table; the tankards jolted and one overturned. Neb gazed at the spilled water as it trickled over the table's edge. 
'Why would he want to be a griffin's lad, when he obviously thinks he knows better than me; the Griffin Master?!' Romulus growled and swivelled his head again to glare at Neb. 
Although he'd been expecting this response, Neb's world crashed. He wanted to sink to the floor in a heap but he forced himself to stand and face the Griffin Master, thinking: 
It doesn't matter about me, I knew I'd be punished, but Romulus has to forgive Balkind. Curling his hands into fists, he dug his fingernails into his palms and willed the words to come out in the right order. But his lungs couldn't suck in enough air to breathe properly, let alone allow him to speak. Then miraculously, an ozone laden breeze wafted over him and Samara stood at his side. Astonishingly, no-one objected to her presence. In fact, Romulus pointed at her: 'that lass there has more sense than you and your fool griffin put together!' 
Neb shot Samara a sideways glance. A smile curled her lips and her eyes encouraged him to speak. Taking a deep breath, Neb blurted: 'Griffin Master Romulus, I accept your decision. But what of Balkind? Balkind –'
'– deserves his chance,' Romulus finished for him. 'You're like a dog with a bone. You're stubborn, disobedient and think you and your griffin can out-fly everyone and everything – including the sun!'
Neb frowned, thinking: I'm not, and I don't, but Balkind is special. Romulus jabbed a finger at him: 'I know exactly what you're thinking! But you're wrong – what's more Balkind is just as stubborn and disobedient as you – and if you think for one moment that I'd ever allow any of my noble young recruits to even sit on that brute's back – think again!' 
Neb clutched at Samara's hand like a man going underwater for the third time. He wanted to shout This isn't fair – Balkind is blameless, but the words threatened to  strangle him. 
In any case, Romulus hadn't finished. 'The griffin has one last chance – on one condition.' 
Neb opened and shut his mouth, but no sounds emerged so he nodded his head furiously: Name it. 
'Balkind can stay, but only with you as his rider.' 
Romulus watched his words sink in. It took a moment. Then Neb's blood tingled under his skin and urged him to dance. He stared at the Griffin Master's wolf like grin, waiting for Romulus to vanish in a puff of smoke or turn into a flying elephant or something equally impossible.

Lord Massant chuckled. 'You've got problems Rommey. Two of 'em.' Samara's hand clutched at Neb's. She exchanged amused glances with Chief Wulfstan who said 'Take my advice Rommey, recruit the girl instead.' 
Romulus' face softened and lowering his voice to a gentle growl he said 'thank you for saving this young fool's life.' 
Samara's dimples showed, 'I merely brought him to his senses.' 
Romulus retorted: 'By pouring hot wax over him? Maybe I should try that with my recruits, heavens know they're a senseless bunch.' 
Neb's own senses reeled – the Griffin Master had made a jest – hadn't he? Chief Wulfstan nodded towards Blain's hut. 'Off you go – get a good night's sleep. We have other matters to discuss.' 
Lord Massant grimaced. 'Ah yes … we'll have to arrange a visit very soon to your man Alfred and this … Cloister.' 
Samara's hand squeezed his, and Neb allowed her to lead him away. When he glanced down at her, he noticed that Samara had changed into trews and a tunic, and she was just a girl again. Outside Blain's old hut, he paused and took both her hands in his. Tilting back her head, Samara looked up at him with mocking eyes. 
'What did Romulus say? "stubborn, disobedient and think you and your griffin can out-fly everyone." All the qualities of a Griffin Rider,' she teased.
Neb's blood ran hot and then cold – he hadn't even managed to thank the Griffin Master – his mind certainly couldn't find a retort for Samara. Instead he lowered his face to hers and kissed her. 

When he finally entered Blain's hut, Neb peered through the gloom and saw that  Harry had claimed the bed while Alexis sprawled across the easy chair. At least they'd thoughtfully arranged cushions and a blanket by the fire's hearth. After laying down and discovering the blanket would only reach to his chest, Neb fell into a deep dreamless sleep. 

********

 
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE: THE GRIFFIN RIDER.
The next morning, Neb emerged from Blain's hut. Before he could blink his eyes open properly, Harry and Alexis mobbed him.  
Lord Massant finished saying goodbye to his cousin and called over to his son and Alexis to make haste. 
They mounted up and clip-clopped out of the courtyard. Neb heard Harry complaining to his father about the recent lack of action. Lord Massant tipped his head back to glance at the sun, just visible over the tree tops. 'If you like, we'll ride on over to Berock's siege. If we hurry, we might be in time to join the skirmish.' 
Luke chased after them with his friends, all riding imaginary horses. Suddenly Lady Lydia stood before Neb, with a red cloak in her hands. 
'This belonged to my brother, but I'm sure he'd approve,' she said, adjusting the cloak around his shoulders and fastening it as she spoke. She smoothed out the material's creases, so the scarlet cloak swirled around his knees. 
'There!' she said, 'don't you look handsome!' 
Neb felt his cheeks flush and stuttered, 'thank you.' 
Lydia shook her head. 'We're still in your debt, there's a place here for you anytime.' She bit her lip, and before he could thank her again, hurried over to join the villagers saying goodbye to Balkind and Fletcher. They did look magnificent; beasts of silver and gold. Neb stroked the material of his new cloak, wondering how they'd managed to spin wool so fine. A clear voice behind him said 'There! Don't you look handsome!' 
Neb turned. Samara laughed up at him, and when she stood on tip-toe to kiss him, he hugged her and briefly buried his face in her hair. It still smelled of the ocean. When he raised his head, he caught sight of Lillian, looking disgusted; then worse still, Romulus watching impassively, and he groaned. But it seemed Romulus had purposely sought out Samara. His calloused hand engulfed Samara's and he growled: 'Goodbye maid – and my gratitude again for saving this young fool's life.'  
Samara grinned cheekily 'please, think nothing of it!'
'Maybe you should recruit girls to be Griffin Riders,' Lillian butted in. Neb held his breath. But it seemed nothing could spoil Romulus' good mood. 'Study hard at Cherub Conventus young maid, do well, and who knows?' 
A pink spot bloomed on both of Lillian's cheeks. She gasped with happiness, her eyes flickered from Neb to Samara. 'I will!' she gushed, then ran off to find her father. Neb suspected she'd give him no rest until he arranged for her and Samara to travel to the Cherub Cliffs again. 
Romulus shook hands with Samara. He gave Neb's new finery a look of approval, then clapped him on the shoulder. 'Time to mount up, Balkind's Rider.' 
Neb felt his backbone stiffen with pride. 
'Thank you sir, I won't let you down,' he promised. Romulus stared at him unblinkingly. Finally he growled, 'I know you won't,' and stomped away. Neb glanced at Samara. Her eyes glittered – with laughter – or tears? Before he could look closer, she waved him away with an impatient gesture: 'Go, quickly – your precious griffin is waiting for you.' 

Neb hurried to catch up with the Griffin Master. Both Fletcher and Balkind crouched at Romulus' approach. Neb clambered aboard Balkind, noting that despite his age, Romulus vaulted onto Fletcher. 
Villagers stood back when the griffins shook their wings out, then with a ground shaking thunder, gambolled forwards and soared upwards. Fletcher curled around in a semi-circle with Balkind in his slip stream. Balkind seemed as bone tired as his rider, content to follow the great golden griffin to their new home. 
Neb imagined Balkind's pleasure at being reunited with his sanctuary mates. Then he grimaced – Neb's fellow students would greet his arrival with dismayed shock. He'd have to watch his back, especially when they learned Neb, a nameless nobody, had been selected to join Romulus' elite Griffin Riders. 
As though reading his mind, Balkind bellowed. Fletcher gave an answering bellow, and Neb realised they must be nearing the camp. 
Dismissing his fears, Neb stroked at his griffin's silvery grey wing feathers and grinned triumphantly. 
The other new recruits had better watch out for him – Balkind's Rider. 

The end. 

********

Grateful thanks to all my readers: Bubba, Charlie, Dan, Dody, Jenny, Laura, Randall, Sean, Stephen, Jenny, Val, and especially you. The Griffin's Boy cover is adapted by LLPix.com from an engraving by the artist Gustave Dore: Ludovico Ariosto’s “Orlando Furioso”. (public domain licence). 

Especial thanks to Joe L, for allowing his griffin "Kelednak" (Cornish for brave), and Linda B, for allowing her griffin "Rafe" to appear in "The Griffin's Boy". 

An invitation from Julia: 
I'm delighted you took a chance and downloaded one of my random stories. If you enjoyed this, there's more titles to choose from. 
Personally, I'll read anything that catches my interest – my books reflect this eclectic taste: Treasure hunting, Paranormal time travel romance, London criminals and fat old detectives; I even created an alternate universe where mythical beasts exist: The Griffin Riders' Chronicles: The Griffin's Boy, The Griffin Cryer and coming soon The Midnight Griffin. See author's website for details and to sign up for free newsletters - never miss a new release or special offer. 

I'm also on Facebook and Twitter if you want to shoot the breeze anytime – hope you'll get in touch soon! 

Julia Hughes 





 







