
Elemental Touch

By
Jonathan Nichols
With editing and creative assistance from Anna Nichols

This book is dedicated to my loving and beautiful wife Anna, who believed in me and this project even when I didn’t. Without her care and support this book would not be a reality and I cannot thank her enough for helping make my dreams come true.

A very special thanks goes out to the crew of the General Surgery Clinic of Wright-Patterson Medical Center from 2010 to 2011 who let me work on this book during my down time.
Createspace Edition                                                                                                                 Copyright 2014 Jonathan Nichols

Chapter 1
David

David watched as the last of his boxes were carried out to the street from his second-story apartment. The rain poured down in sheets soaking all of his worldly belongings. The eviction notice was served over two weeks ago, but with no job and nowhere to go, David conveniently lost the notice and claimed to have forgotten about it. However, he wasn’t stupid- he knew this day was coming; he was just in a little bit of denial. “This is bullshit! I just told you the check’s in the mail!” He pleaded with the movers.
“Yeah sure, buddy.” The mover shrugged as he set the last box down. “Just get your stuff outta here or the city’s gonna dump it.”
“Fuck you, man! You move it!” David yelled as the movers just chuckled and nonchalantly got back into their truck. 
“Have a good night, tough guy.” The driver laughed as they drove off.
David quickly threw on his brown hoodie and grabbed his backpack. He loaded it with some clothes and other essentials, all of which were soaked by this point, and began walking down the street. In spite of it being eleven o’clock at night the streets were still teaming with life, or at least something close to it.  Scantily clad women huddled together under awnings near their respective street corners  -afraid to abandon their post for fear of being beaten by their managers. Pushers sat in cars by their corners so their product didn’t get ruined in the rain. No decent person had any business on the streets in these conditions, which left David pondering a question: was he a decent person who was stuck in a bad situation, or was he just another inhabitant of the night who simply hadn’t yet found his niche?
At just twenty-three years of age, David had already been on his own for five years. He ran from his overly religious family in the middle of his senior year without so much as a letter or a phone call. He hadn’t spoken to anyone in his family since. He often wondered what might have happened if he had stayed. Maybe college? A career? A chance to be a productive citizen? Sure, he would have had all those things, but in David’s eyes he would have had no life. To live on the edge of society, to never know what was coming next, to David this was truly living. However, nights like tonight were the unfortunate price he paid for the privilege of living such a life.
As David walked through the Red Light District of town the neon lights cast an eerie red and green glow over the glistening streets. He didn’t bother to try and outrun the rain. He figured the slower he walked the crazier he’d appear, the more likely his chances were of being left alone. David passed by a small electronics store that still had their TVs on and found himself compelled to stop. He cared nothing about news or current events but he was drawn to the light of the screens as if they would somehow transport him away from the cold and wet environment he was currently in, even if just for a moment.
… and in political news, Ohio Governor Tom Johnson dropped a bombshell this past week when he announced that if he wins the Democratic Presidential Candidacy his primary goal in his presidency will be to restrict firearm sales to civilians by 75% by the end of his first term as well as putting an end to independent sellers such as gun shows. While naturally, pro-gun organizations such as the NRA have voiced their protest against such a policy being adopted into law, with a steady increase of shootings and seemingly random acts of violence in virtually every major city, Governor Johnson has a surprising amount of support with recent polls showing 45% of voters giving positive feedback.
 “Why am I watching this?” David said to himself as he turned and started trekking down the street again. Eventually David came to a small building with a neon cross hanging above it. Now church was the last place he wanted to be at this point, but he knew he wouldn’t survive out there alone all night. He needed to go somewhere.
He approached the door and tried to turn the knob but it wouldn’t budge. With a swift kick, the door flung wide open. He walked in and tried to shake off the cold, but it followed him. The church was surprisingly big on the inside with cathedral-style ceilings and even a few statues of saints with candles lit all around them. “Catholics. Should’ve known.” David shrugged as he walked further in the building. After a moment he found the restroom and went in to dry himself off and clean up a bit. As he walked out of the bathroom he felt a hard impact on the back of his head and  everything went black... 
******
David awoke groggily. It took him a moment to regain his bearings but when he did, it was apparent that he was lying on the floor of the church just outside the bathroom- the last place he remembered being. He groaned as he sat up, then quickly shut himself up when he heard footsteps quickly approaching. A woman stormed into the room sporting standard-issue penguin garb and planted herself directly in front of his face.
“What are you doing here?” She demanded. “Are you a thief?”
“What? Are you telling me I got cold-cocked by a nun?” David asked with disbelief.
The nun knelt down in front of him and grabbed his shirt. “That’s right! And Jesus said to turn the other cheek which means next time I’m gonna hit you in the face! Now what are you doing here?” 
At that moment David noticed how young and surprisingly attractive the girl was, in spite of her threats and the ridiculous outfit. 
“Look, I was just evicted from my apartment, ok? I was just trying to get warm.”
“Well do it somewhere else. We don’t need your kind in here.” She said as she started to shove him towards the door.
“Mary Elizabeth!” A stern female voice reverberated off the stone walls from the other room. 
Upon hearing the voice the young nun jumped slightly, stood up erectly and bowed her head.
 A tall older woman walked into the room in a robe and night-cap. “What’s the meaning of this?”
“Mother-Superior, I caught this man breaking in. He kicked in the door.”
The older woman took a hard look at David. “Is this true?”
Standing up slowly, David replied. “Yes, ma’am. The door was locked. I was desperate to get inside some place safe.”
“Are you in some kind of trouble?”
“Not exactly. Not yet, anyway.”
“Mary Elizabeth, I want you to prepare a cot for our young guest.”
“What?!” She exclaimed. 
Mother-Superior replied with a simple look. 
“I mean, yes Mother-Superior.”
“Very good. Also, I want you to get him something to eat and tend to his wounds, if he has any.” She turned her focus back to David. “As for you, we’ll talk more in the morning.”
“I look forward to it.” David said with a slight air of sarcasm.
“Come with me and I’ll show you to your room.” Mary Elizabeth said reluctantly.
David followed her down the hallway. He couldn’t help but look her up and down as he followed. The mysteries that lay beneath that black robe were mind-boggling to him. “So what’s your name?”
“Mary Elizabeth.” She responded sharply.
“I know that.” David said with a slight laugh. “I meant your real name.”
“That is my real name. It was the name I was given when I was born again into Christ.” She said as she stopped in front of a door and unlocked it. “This is your room. There’s the cot and there’s blankets in the closet.”
David walked past her into the room. He took a quick look around; he’d seen holding cells with more color. 
“I trust you’ll find you have everything you need. Good night, sir.” She said as she turned to walk away.
“Now sister, wait a second. Didn’t Mother-Superior say you were to tend to my wounds?” David said with a smirk.
“You look fine to me. Now, if that’ll be all, good-night.”   

Chapter 2
Sara and Kara
“You’re flushing your life down the toilet!” Her father yelled. “We know you’ve been cutting school to see that loser, Ricky. Let me tell you something about him. He’s a drop-out, and you may think he’s ‘cool’ but he’s going no-where fast and he’s trying to take you with him.”
“I wish he would!” Kara shouted. “At least he understands me!”
“Honey, how can we understand when you won’t tell us what’s going on?” Her mother asked in a pleading tone.
“Don’t coddle her, Nancy!” her father yelled. “That’s what’s wrong with her! You try to get all psychological with her when what she really needs is a good kick in the ass!”
Kara stood up and took a step toward her father and put her mouth next to his ear. “You lay one finger on me, and I’ll have you arrested.” She whispered.
He began to turn red with rage. “You… -you….” He stammered.
“You… you… what?” Kara said mockingly as she paused to wait for a response that never came. “That’s what I thought. Hey Mom, maybe you should get Dad’s balls out of the freezer and let them thaw, just in case he ever decides to use them.” She said as she turned and walked up the stairs toward her room.
“You’re grounded for three months, and… -and I want your cell phone!” he yelled as his voice cracked slightly. He was still in shock from the horrible words his daughter had just said, and now everyone knew it.
Kara turned slowly. “My cell phone? That’s the best you can do?” She said as she fished the small device out of her pocket. “Take the damn thing.” Kara tossed the phone to her dad and continued up the stairs.
Sara could hear everything as she lay back in her bed staring at the ceiling. She always could. She couldn’t figure out where things went wrong. As young girls, she and her twin sister Kara were inseparable. They played together. They helped each other with homework. They held each other when they were scared. Charles and Nancy adopted them when they were nine, and at first the twins embraced them as the couple that was destined to be their loving parents all along, however, when Sara and Kara hit their teenage years, that closeness seemed to disappear. 
Sara began taking advanced classes as early as 8th grade and eventually became an honor student, while Kara fell in with a crowd of local wannabe thugs who thought a good time was petty larceny and vandalism. And while Sara constantly explored the library for new ways to expand her thinking, Kara explored tattoo parlors for new ways to pierce and mutilate her body for attention. Many times Sara found herself sitting in her bed across from her sister in their “yin-yang” of a bedroom in total deafening silence.
Kara walked through the door and immediately went to her bed and -with her ear-buds in place -began writing angrily in her journal. Sara, gathering all the courage she could find, slowly walked across the room to engage her sister. As she approached the bed, the air in the room was thick with tension; she might as well have been waking a bear out of hibernation. 
“Kara?” She said as she tapped her sister on the shoulder. 
Kara’s only response was to pull out one ear-bud and glare at her sister with a look that seemed to shoot through her like a hot laser. 
“Hi. Um, I was wondering if we could talk for a while, cause you know I just feel….” Sara didn’t even get her sentence out before Kara put her ear-bud back in and went back to writing. 
“Now come on, Kara! I know you can hear me. The music can’t be that loud. I wanna talk. I’m really worried about you.”
“Oh, JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!” She yelled as she pulled her ear-buds out, threw her journal against the wall and quickly got up. “You know, if I hear one more person tell me about how I should run my life I’m gonna go insane!”
“Kara, I’m not trying to tell you how to run your life. What happened to us? We used to be close. We used to trust each other.”
“Yeah, well that was before.” Kara said as she began to pace with frustration.
“Before what? Are you saying that I did something to you?” Sara said legitimately confused.
“Oh, like you don’t know!”
“I really don’t know.” Sara replied. “Please tell me.”
“You abandoned me!” Kara yelled with tears pooling in her eyes. “Everyone expected us to be totally identical, but we’re not. You were always smarter than me, and when you started getting all the attention and going to all the smart classes at school with all your little smart friends you just left me behind. Suddenly I wasn’t good enough to be your sister.” She plopped down on the bed and buried her face in her hands.
“You know that’s not true.” Sara said as she put her arms around her sister. “I love you and I always will.”
“Sure, behind closed doors.” Kara retorted and laughed sarcastically as she wiped away her tears. “You won’t even be seen with me in public. We never go out together. We never do anything.”
“I always invite you out with my friends.”
“Somehow the Book of the Month club at the library doesn’t seem too appealing to me and my friends.”
“Well what do you want me to do? I might be willing to meet you half-way.” Sara said with some hesitation.
“Oh, really?” Kara said with a smirk. “Well I’ll tell you what, come out with me tonight.” 
“But it’s Wednesday. We have school tomorrow.”
“Oh it’s Wednesday! We have school tomorrow. OH, NO!” Kara said mockingly. “Sara, this is what I’m talking about. You’re seventeen but you’re talking like you’re seventy.”
“Well… what did you have in mind?”
*********
That night Sara was roused by her sister just after eleven o’clock- not that Sara was really sleeping anyway. Kara had somehow gotten her to agree to sneak out that night so that she could meet her boyfriend and some of his friends at a nightclub. Borrowing one of Kara’s many late-night outfits that her parents didn’t even know about, Sara got ready and she and her sister quietly snuck out through the window and down the balcony to Sara’s car.
“Are we sure we want to do this? I mean it’s pouring down rain. Maybe we should go another night?” Sara said as they climbed down. 
“No, no, it’s too late to back out now. I’ll drive.” Kara whispered as they approached the vehicle.
“You usually do.” Sara said.
“Yeah but this is a little different. This time you know about it.” She replied with a laugh.
“Not funny, Kara.” She said as she got in.
After a short drive they arrived at Kara’s favorite hangout, The Magic Hour, which on the outside looked more like the county jail than a nightclub. The grey cinderblock walls and lack of windows did not seem the least bit inviting to Sara.
“Are you sure this is the right place?” Sara questioned as her nervousness increased.
“Of course I am. I’ve been here a hundred times.” Kara replied with a big smile.
Muffled beats from the music permeated through the parking lot as they walked around to the front to meet her boyfriend, Ricky. As they turned the corner Kara was bumped hard by a guy who, for some reason, was staring at the ground as he walked.
“Watch where you’re going, creep.” She said as she fixed herself. He was young with short black hair that was matted to his head because of the rain. He had on a brown hoodie and a backpack and when he looked up they were both shocked by his piercing blue eyes which had a strange sadness about them.
“Sorry.” He muttered as he turned and walked away.
“That’s the one thing I hate about coming down here, all the damn bums wandering around. Come on Sara, let’s find Ricky before our make-up starts to run.”
“He didn’t look like a bum to me.” Sara said under her breath.
 Sara recognized Kara’s boyfriend immediately. His head was shaved completely clean with snakebite piercings below his bottom lip and a silver septum spike going through the middle of his nose as well as an assortment of ear piercings and a black tribal tattoo going down the left side of his neck, which Kara always talked about as being “so hot,” but to Sara he looked more like a human fish hook. As soon as she was close enough Kara leaped into Ricky’s arms and began kissing him as though they had not seen each other in years.
“Oh sis, I think you know Ricky. Ricky, this is my sister Sara.” She said as soon as her lips were free.
“Yeah, I think I know you.” Sara said uncomfortably.
“You may know me by reputation. I’m sure your parents talk about me enough, but we haven’t met in person yet.” Ricky said with surprising eloquence as he extended his hand to greet her.
“Hi, nice to meet you.” Sara said as she took his hand, still somewhat shocked that he could even put together a sentence.
“It’s great you came out tonight. I’ve really been wanting to meet you. Kara talks about you constantly.” He said with a smile as Kara playfully hit him. “What do you say we go inside?”
“Wait, how are we even going to get in? I doubt they let in kids our age. We’re not going to break in, are we?” Sara said with wide-eyed concern.  
Ricky burst out laughing. “Hang on to your sister and watch and learn.” He said as he took Kara’s hand and started toward the doorman. When Ricky got there he shook the guy’s hand and leaned in close to whisper something to him. The doorman nodded his head and lifted the rope to let them all through.
“How did he do that?” Sara whispered to her sister as they entered.
“It’s called a bribe, sis- usually fifty bucks is enough to get anyone in.” She laughed.
On the inside of the club, Sara’s heart began to pound in her chest. She was a minor in a nightclub on a school night. Her adrenaline was pumping in her veins. She couldn’t tell if it was fear or excitement yet, but she assumed it was a little of both. Techno music shook every corner of the structure and neon strobe lights pulsed over every surface.
“What do you think?” Kara yelled to her sister.
“The lights give me a headache.” Sara called back.
“Don’t worry. That’ll pass.” She said as the waitress came over. “What do you want to drink?”
“Nothing!” She said with prudish shock.
“That’s what I thought.” Kara said as she turned to the waitress. “She’ll have a Cosmo and a pitcher of Bud Light for the rest of the table.”
As the waitress walked off Sara tried to reason with her sister. “Kara this is going too far. I’m not going to drink and you shouldn’t either.”
“Sara, you can’t tell your sister what to do.” Ricky interjected playfully
“Hey butt out! You’re not in this conversation.” Sara snapped.
“Well I think I am. Sara, look around you. Everyone here is laughing and having a good time. You’re the only one who’s pissed off about being here. Why is that?” Ricky said as he leaned back with his hands together and crossed his legs making Sara look as though she were in a shrink’s office.
Sara was somewhat stunned by the question and his approach to asking it. “I-I don’t know.” She stammered. “Because I don’t belong here.”
“Then why are you here?” He asked.
“To show my sister how much she means to me.”
“Then why don’t you do that and loosen up a little bit while you’re at it?”
Sara was speechless. She couldn’t believe she had been out debated by ‘Ricky the Grease Monkey,’ as she called him. 
“Sara, if you really want to go, you can. I’m not going to force you to stay.” Kara said.
“No, I want to stay. You’re my sister and I love you, no matter how crazy you are.” She said with a combination of laughs and tears as they both hugged. 
After about an hour of surprisingly stimulating conversation with Ricky, Sara learned a few things. He did drop out of school, but it was just because he wanted to work at his dad’s auto garage full-time where he makes over $20 an hour as a mechanic. He already has his own apartment. He encourages Kara to stay in school despite her frustrations and even wants to help her pay for college. Sara also learned that while Cosmopolitans may taste like fruit juice there’s obviously a lot more in them than that. After her fourth Sara began to feel a little woozy. 
“Hey, you’re not gonna pass out on me, are you?” Kara called across the table.
“I am fine. I have no idea what you are talking about.” Sara slurred as she burst out laughing.
“Come on, we need to dance. It’ll wake you up.” Kara said as she got up and took her sister’s hand.
“I can’t dance. You know that.” 
“Every drunk teen-age girl knows how to dance. Now get up.” She said as she tugged Sara out of her seat.
“I’m not drunk! This floor’s not level. They should fix that.” She slurred as Kara pushed her onto the floor just to watch her trip and fall laughing the whole time.
“I think you’ve had enough fun for one night.” Kara said somewhat proud of how trashed her sister was. She kissed her boyfriend goodbye and helped Sara back to the car. 
“You shouldn’t be driving.” Sara mumbled as Kara started the car.
Kara burst out laughing. “Look at yourself! I’m getting a lecture from the poster-child of sobriety!” she exclaimed sarcastically.  
Kara had driven buzzed enough times to know to be more cautious about everything on the road. Still her sister was always furious every time she came home late after having a few too many. She called it playing Russian Roulette with the road.  The rain had subsided but the streets still glistened and shimmered like a black mirror. Colors blurred and ran together as Kara found herself fighting to stay awake, a battle that Sara had lost after being on the road for about two blocks. 
Kara couldn’t be sure how long it was since she accidentally dozed off, but she was awoken by the jolt of her car crossing into the median. She jerked the wheel in panic to try and regain control but before she knew what was happening, the car dug into the ground and began to flip. Gravity seemed to be temporarily suspended as she and her sister were lifted out of their seats and slammed against the interior of the vehicle like they were in a tumble-dryer from hell. 
Eventually, the car came to a stop. Kara looked up through her mask of crimson to try to regain her orientation. She saw her sister crumpled against the door with cuts and scrapes all over her. Kara felt the sting of glass in her palms as she tried to crawl closer to her.
“Sara?” She said weakly as she attempted to rouse her sibling to consciousness. 
As she tried to wake her up she heard something- loud honks which kept repeating and then fading away. Then she noticed the bright lights flashing outside the window.
“Oh my God!” She choked out. “We’re still on the road!”
Finding strength she never knew she had, Kara quickly started kicking the windshield until it finally gave way. She crawled through and ran to the passenger side door to free her sister before disaster struck. Cars flew by in the darkness narrowly missing them by inches. She grabbed the mangled door and began to pull. She could feel the jagged metal cutting into her hands but the door wouldn’t budge. Kara looked over her shoulder when she heard a loud horn. To her horror she saw an eighteen-wheeler speeding toward her. She knew at that speed he wouldn’t be able to stop. 
“SARA!! SARA WAKE UP!!” She screamed. 
The horn became deafening as the massive truck closed in on them. 
“NOOOO!!!!” She screamed and threw her hand toward the truck.
 When she did the front end of the truck instantly caved in as though it were hit by a boulder. The trailer swung around the side from the momentum as the truck skidded to a dead stop. Shards of glass and metal bounced all around Kara as other cars crashed into the trailer or ran off road in a horrible chain reaction. Kara just stood with her arm still outstretched in utter shock at what just happened. After a moment she heard a stirring from inside the car.
“Wh-what happened?” Sara groaned.
“I think we’re in big trouble.” Kara replied after a moment of silence.

Chapter 3
Tatsuo
Tatsuo stood on the roof of the hotel overlooking a fifteen story drop. He had trained for this moment all his life, his first high-profile mission. He memorized the target’s face and knew every inch of the building. Tonight he would embody the spirit of darkness in all its glory. He took a deep breath as he readied himself. He focused on the black sky, the dark clouds, the substance of the shadows all around him. He leaned forward and dived head-first off the edge. He watched floor by floor fly past his face as he calmly searched for the darkest room he could find. As soon as he saw a pitch black window go by he focused on it. He envisioned himself as part of the shadows in that room, and could feel the silence and still of the darkness it contained. In an instant he felt solid ground beneath him and he was in that room crouched amongst the shadows. He had been transporting himself through shadow since he was a small boy but it still made him smile every time he pulled it off. 
He had missed the floor his target was on but he didn’t dare walk through the lit hallways. Being seen was not an option. He noticed the air vent in the ceiling covered by a metal grate. Tatsuo had never attempted a shadow fusion quite like this but he felt he could do it. He sat in the darkness and let the shadows envelope him and penetrate him. After a few moments he felt himself become lighter and lighter until he seemed to float off the ground almost as an astral spirit. He became totally relaxed as the air currents carried him through the vents and into the air duct. Once he was above his target’s room he allowed himself to materialize. Suddenly the air duct seemed very cramped. There were men in the room talking and he decided to wait and listen before he struck. 
“Damn it Johnson, you can’t do this!” A man yelled. “You’re running a campaign that’s promising to ban the sale of all firearms to the public. The pro-gun lobbyists are going to crucify you!”
“It’s time that a presidential candidate made a bold stance on crime. Look at these statistics, Mike. Gun-related crimes up 30% in New York City, 50% in Los Angeles, and I don’t even want to talk about Detroit!  We have to get these guns off the streets for good.” Governor Johnson replied.
“Look, you hired me to help you win an election and I’m telling you that it can’t be done with this kind of angle. You’ll be lucky if you make it out alive.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll take the heat if the public doesn’t agree, but I won’t compromise my values or my ideas.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of, Tom. That’s what I’m afraid of.” He said with a solemn tone as he left the room.
Governor Tom Johnson had been making a lot of enemies with his bold campaign on crime and gun control. Unfortunately for him he made one with Morgan Industries, one of North America’s largest defense contractors. The mission came down and Tatsuo took it on with pride. And even if Tatsuo wasn’t getting paid he still would have taken it for the honor of the assignment.
He watched from above as Johnson walked over to his desk and poured himself a drink. As soon as he was sure Johnson was relaxed he kicked out the grate below him. He heard the Governor exclaim as he leaned out of the duct and destroyed the overhead light fixture with a lethally precise throwing star. The small chandelier crashed to the floor as darkness blanketed the room.
“Help me! There’s someone in the room!” The terrified Governor yelled as security guards almost instantly barreled into the room. As they began scanning the area for intruders Tatsuo closed the door behind them trapping them in the shadows. He fused with the darkness once again and began to silently float about them like a ghost in a graveyard. He quickly materialized behind a guard and silently slashed his throat with his dagger. He impaled another through the lung with his sword. And one by one he picked off the rest until it was just him and the target. Johnson picked up one of the fallen guard’s guns and began firing in all directions. Tatsuo actually felt bullets pass through him in the darkness as gently as a summer breeze.
Tatsuo’s soft laugh echoed through the room. “For someone so adamant about gun control, you reached for that pistol awfully fast.”
“Who are you??” Johnson cried out as Tatsuo materialized directly behind him.
“I’m the man who just killed you.” He quietly said as he thrust his sword directly through his heart. He covered his mouth to muffle his last pitiful cries for help as he slowly lowered the lifeless Governor to the ground. 

Chapter 4
David and Mary Elizabeth
David sat in front of his toast and scrambled eggs in the company of nearly fifty nuns in their dining hall and felt about as uncomfortable as any one person ever has. “Mom always said God would get back at me someday. That day may finally be here” he muttered to himself. 
As he pondered his current situation Mary Elizabeth walked swiftly to his table and sat across from him with her arms folded trying to look intimidating. 
David couldn’t help but smile. “Well, well good morning Sister. It’s good to see you again. I hope you didn’t stay up all night dreaming about me.” 
“The only thing that kept me up last night was the thought of having a good-for-nothing criminal taking up one of our beds.”
“A little quick to judge there, aren’t we, Sister? Isn’t there something in your manual about ‘Judge not lest ye be judged’?” He said with a smirk as he took a bite of breakfast.
“It’s in the Book of Matthew, but Jesus never met you, did he? If I had my way you’d be in handcuffs right now.”
“Don’t worry. After breakfast I’m gonna gather my things and I’ll be out of your hair for good.”
“Oh no you won’t!” Mary Elizabeth replied matter-of-factly. 
“Oh really? And why is that?”
“Mother-Superior gave me explicit instructions that you are to stay here doing repairs and manual labor in our church under my supervision until such time that she is satisfied you’ve repaid your debt to us.”
“I hate to break this to you, but Mother Superior doesn’t control me like she does you.”
Mary Elizabeth began to get defensive. “She doesn’t control me. She leads me.”
David laughed again. “I saw the way you jumped when she walked in the room last night. You may as well have been a five-year-old with her hand in the cookie jar.” He said as took another bite. “You see, no one controls me. No one has any power over me. You can see that and it makes you jealous.”
“Jealous?” She scoffed.
“Yeah, jealous. I can do what I want, say what I want and go wherever I want and you wish you had that.”  
“We have surveillance cameras on our front door.” She suddenly blurted out.
David’s face suddenly lost its cocky smirk.
“I’m sure you’d hate for us to call the police and show them the footage.” 
David cleared his throat as he leaned over his plate to get closer to her. “You know in the outside world some people call this blackmail.”
“In here we call it ‘charity and good will.’ Start on the gutters after breakfast and come find me when you’re done.” She said as she stood up and gave him a friendly, yet somewhat victorious pat on the shoulder.  
 Mary Elizabeth walked away from the table very happy with herself for how she handled that hoodlum. She had only been living in the convent for a couple of years but she had dealt with his kind plenty of times. They just take whatever they want and don’t care who they walk over to get it. She decided the second she saw him break down the door that this time would be different. She had to show these people that there are consequences for a lawless lifestyle. She walked back to Mother Superior’s office to give her a full report.
“Mary Elizabeth.” She was greeted as she walked into the office. “Did you talk to the young man?”
“Yes Ma’am, I did.” She replied.
“You told him that he was free to go and we wouldn’t press charges, correct?”
“Yes Ma’am, but he felt so bad about the damage that he insisted on staying to help with repairs to the church, to repay his debt.” The lie burned her lips as she said it but she knew it was wrong to just let this man go, at least right now.
“Really?” She said with some surprise. “How Christ-like of him. Who knows? If even one lost soul in this neighborhood can be redeemed then maybe there’s hope for the rest.”
“Maybe so. I’ll keep an eye on him, personally.”
“Good work. Keep me informed, Mary Elizabeth. Go with Christ.” She said as she excused her.
“Thank you, Ma’am.” She said as she bowed her head and left the office. As she walked down the hallway her gut wrenched and her conscience swayed back and forth like a tree in a storm. She was holding a man under false pretenses and just lied to the woman who, for all intents and purposes, saved her life by bringing her here and showing her a path. Everything she had been taught told her that she was doing something irreparably wrong, but something inside her, something that she didn’t understand, told her she was doing the right thing. She only hoped it was the Holy Spirit talking to her and not something else. 

Chapter 5
Kara
Kara sat in the virtually empty interrogation room staring at the huge mirror. She was starving and her head hadn’t stopped pounding since the accident. The police allowed the medics to examine her and her sister but as soon as they were cleared the handcuffs went on faster than on a groom at a kinky bachelor party. The second they got to the station they were separated. Kara hadn’t seen her sister all night and by now all she could think of was how this whole mess was her fault. Sara didn’t even want to go out. I made her. She thought to herself. What if I just ruined her life? All her hard work would be for nothing. Tears welled up in her eyes as the door opened. Detective Mitchell walked in looking almost as exhausted as she felt. He and Kara had been going back and forth all night and it looked like he was up for another round. 
The detective walked over to the table and paused a moment as he took a drink of his coffee. “To be honest, I’ve been racking my brain over this one for hours, ever since they put the report in my hand. I can’t figure out any way you could have destroyed that truck but the bottom line is someone, or something, has to be responsible and you were right there so logic would tell us that, if it wasn’t you then you know who it was. So, who are you protecting?” 
“Nobody.” Kara sighed as she buried her face in her hands. “I just wanna go home.” 
“Unfortunately we can’t let you go yet. You’re facing a lot of charges. Underage drinking, DUI, reckless endangerment and possibly nine counts of criminally negligent homicide if it’s determined that you’re responsible for the deaths in this accident. If you get tried as an adult you could be looking at a life sentence. That is, unless you want to help us out and tell us the truth about what really happened?”
“I told you. I don’t know anything.” Kara pleaded
Detective Mitchell sighed with frustration as he brushed his hair from his eyes. “Look, this is getting us nowhere.”
“That’s the most intelligent thing any of you assholes have said all night.” She said with a combination of tears and laughter.
“Hey, I don’t need your smartass remarks! I’m trying to help you and you’re in enough trouble already.” He threw a light brown folder down hard in front of her and pictures of the accident scene scattered across the table. “You see this?” He said loudly as he held up a picture of the demolished truck. “Look at it! This man had a wife and family who were waiting for him to come home. I guess they’ll be waiting forever, won’t they?” He said as he tossed the picture at her.
Emotion began to overtake her as tears flowed from her eyes. “I don’t know what you want from me.” She choked out as she put her head down on the desk and covered her face.
A knocking sound came from behind the mirrored wall that made Mitchell look up. He clinched his fist as he leaned over the table at Kara. “We’re not done yet.” He said sternly as he stood up and walked out of the room. 
As soon as he entered the hall another door opened and a tall older man with a thick brown mustache and a graying Marine-style buzz cut walked toward Mitchell with a sense of purpose. 
“Just what the hell do you think you’re doing, Mitchell?”
“Well, Captain Beck, I was questioning a suspect.”
“Yeah, you’re supposed to be questioning the suspect, not interrogating!” He quietly yelled as he pointed a judgmental finger at Mitchell’s chest. “Jesus Christ, Mitchell! She’s seventeen years old! If the DA hears about this, the whole case will be out the window.” 
Swallowing his pride, Mitchell slightly nodded his head. “Alright Captain, I can tone it down. I’m still in control in there. I will find out what really happened on that road.”
“We’re past that, Mitchell. You’re done. I’m taking over the questioning.”
A look of confusion came over Mitchell’s face. “Captain, I really don’t feel that’s necessary.”
“I don’t care what you think.” Beck said as he put his face close to Mitchell’s. “Walk away, now.” He said in a low, but serious tone. 
Mitchell narrowed his eyes at Captain Beck. “You know what, if you want to deal with her bullshit then be my guest.” Mitchell said as he turned and walked toward his office.
Beck grinned slightly as he watched Mitchell walk away and then strolled confidently into the room where Kara was still sitting.
Kara looked up as Beck entered. “So who the hell are you supposed to be?” She asked.
“My, that’s quite an attitude you have there.” He said as unbuttoned his suit coat and sat down at the table across from her.
“Yeah, well I’ve had kind of a bad night!”
“I know.” He said as he casually began looking through the photos that were scattered on the table. “You’ve said several times that you don’t know what caused the incident, so what do you remember about what happened?”
Kara sighed heavily. “I’ve already told you, I don’t remember the accident. One minute I’m driving and the next minute I’m upside down.”
“That doesn’t interest me as much as what happened next. Do you remember anything about that?”
Kara’s hair dripped with sweat from the heat in the room and the stress she was enduring. “I don’t know. It’s all a blur. There was a truck coming and I was trying to get Sara out of the car. I never saw what hit the truck.”
“What if I told you that you hit it?”
“I’m not some kind of goddamned terrorist! I’m a teenage girl! What could I have hit that truck with that could do that damage? WHAT? Do you think I have a bazooka hidden in my pants pocket, or something?” She yelled as she slammed her fists against the table.
Beck sat there in an unflinching state of coolness as she vented her anger toward him. “No, I believe you’re hiding something far more dangerous than that.”
Kara clinched her teeth and pulled her hair in frustration. Finally she let out a piercing scream that filled the room and suddenly the giant mirror on the wall exploded sending pieces of silvery glass flying in every direction. 
As the last pieces of mirror fell to the ground revealing a small room of officers wide-eyed with looks of complete shock on their faces, and leaving a silence in the room that was so palpable Kara could hear her own heartbeat, Beck simply smiled and stood up. “I think I’ve seen all I needed to see.” He said as he casually buttoned his coat. “Take her back to her cell.” He ordered as he walked out of the room.

Chapter 6
Tatsuo
Sweat dripped from every edge of his body as he pounded the heavy bag. Every impact sounded like a gunshot as it bounced off the walls of the otherwise silent executive gym. With blurring speed he kicked and punched the leather dummy with the ferocity of a caged animal that was suddenly set free to attack its captors. Tatsuo’s mission the night before had been a complete success. He had sent a message that Tom Johnson’s people would not soon forget, but he couldn’t relax and enjoy it. He could never allow himself to drop his guard… ever. He heard the echo of his childhood master in his mind… “Tatsuo, life is constant battle, and if you are not attacking then you must be constantly on guard, for our enemies are all around us at all times and you must never allow them to find you resting.”
“Yes, Master.” Tatsuo quietly whispered to himself. Outside the door of the training area he could already hear someone approaching. ”What do you want?” He called out with frustration at being interrupted.
“I’m sorry to disturb you, sir. Mr. Morgan requests your presence in his office.” The young man hesitantly said. “He says he has another assignment for you.”
Tatsuo, who never turned away from his training dummy, halted his exercises and stood there for a moment, just breathing deeply. His heart was racing and his body was glistening with sweat. “Tell him I’ll be there right away.”  
The man left as Tatsuo casually threw his towel over his shoulder and headed out the door to the elevator. It has been said that the best place to hide something is in plain sight, so it stands to reason that an alliance of magic users would find their home under the guise of a multi-billion dollar defense contractor housed in an enormous skyscraper in the center of the city. This is where Tatsuo, and many others like him, have lived and trained for years. Children with a potential connection to the elements of nature are brought here from all around the world. This is the place where they learn about their gifts and how to use them to their fullest and most profitable potential.
He took the elevator up to the fortieth floor and headed toward Mr. Morgan’s corner office. He walked up to the young receptionist who seemed a little startled by him. “I’m here to see Mr. Morgan.” He said confidently.
“Oh my, well is he expecting you?” she said as she pushed her glasses back on her face. 
“Yes. He sent for me.” 
“Um, your name please?”
“Tatsuo.”
“My, that’s an interesting name.” She paged Mr. Morgan to inform him of his visitor and was immediately told to let him in and hold his phone calls for the next ten minutes. “You can go right in.”
“Thank you.” He said in a low tone as he walked past the desk.
“Tatsuo! My boy, how are you doing?” He said as he got up from the desk. He invited Tatsuo in and closed the door. “So I understand you had an eventful night last night?”
“Yes sir.” He said proudly. “The mission was accomplished and a message was sent that-” Tatsuo didn’t get to finish his sentence before a stiff back-hand from Mr. Morgan slammed his head to the side.
“The Message was sent in a manner that made the front page of every newspaper in the whole damn country!” He screamed. Like many high ranking executives, Mr. Morgan learned the value of a sound-proof office a long time ago. “You were told to scare him into changing his policies, and you turned it into a fucking bloodbath! Now he’s a martyr for his cause and he’s got more support than ever.”
Tatsuo straightened his head, and stared at Mr. Morgan with cold steely eyes. “I think the situation called for a more permanent solution”
Mr. Morgan was outraged by Tatsuo’s response. “You thought? You’re not paid to think! 
 You do your job the way I tell you to or the next time you disappear, it’ll be permanent! Understand?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Good. Now we have another job for you.”
“Who is the target?” Tatsuo said as he looked up almost with excitement in his eyes.
 “No killing! It’s just a simple retrieval. There are two teenage girls, under arrest in a precinct upstate. All the info’s right there.” Mr. Morgan said as he tossed a manila envelope to him. “You are to pose as a government agent, take possession of the girls and bring them back here.”
“Are they users?”
“Why we want them here is not important to you. Do your job, and do it right. Maybe you’ll find some redemption for last night’s fiasco. Now get out.” He said as he sat back down at his desk and picked up the phone.

Chapter 7
David…Later that Night
David lay awake in his bed dabbing the blisters on his hands with a wet cloth. Today had been one of his worst days in a long time. That sadistic dominatrix that called herself a woman of God had been riding his ass all day. He cleaned gutters, scrubbed floors, moved furniture and did everything and anything else that was asked of him, and all to simply avoid jail. At least in jail there’s breaks. He thought to himself. He decided that he’d rather take his chances on the street than spend another day of servitude in here, so he quietly gathered his things and snuck out of the room. He felt silly sneaking out of a church late at night, but on the chance that the nun from hell wasn’t bluffing about the cops he thought a subtle exit was appropriate. Before he knew it he was out the door and in the clear. “Serves me right for going to a church. Never again!” He muttered with a feeling of relief. However, David now had new problems. He still had no money, no work and no idea where he was going, but at least tonight it wasn’t raining. He walked around the neighborhood hoping to find a shelter or maybe even a bridge to crawl under for the night. He avoided eye contact with everyone on the street. He figured the less he was noticed the better off he was. 
After about twenty minutes of wandering he found himself outside The Magic Hour nightclub that he had passed the night before. Tonight however there was a big sign up that read “AMATEUR FIGHT NIGHT! $1000 DOLLAR 1ST PRIZE!!” David had done his share of scrapping and reasoned that he’d either win the money or get beat so badly that he’d get a free trip to the hospital. Either way he’d get a place to sleep tonight, so he walked in. As he entered he heard loud metal music and saw a crowd gathered around a ring with a steel cage around it. “This doesn’t look like boxing.” He said as he looked around. After a few minutes he found the sign up table for the fighters and walked up to it. The lady sitting behind it looked like a barfly with bad makeup. She had a cigarette hanging out of her mouth with about an inch of ash hanging of its end, in spite of the statewide no smoking policy. 
“Hey, is it too late to sign up to fight?” He yelled to her over the music.
“You’re in luck sweetie. We just had a guy chicken out at the last minute. You can have his spot.” She called back in her gravelly voice as she asked for his information.
“Uh, do you provide safety equipment?” David asked after filling out the entry forms.
“This is full contact freestyle MMA fighting. Everything is legal except groin and throat strikes, and no safety gear except gloves and a cup.”  
“Great.” David said sarcastically as he was ushered to the changing area in the back. On the way he couldn’t help but notice what was going on in the ring. A very big man, who was apparently named “Crusher,” according to the crowd chants, had an opponent pinned against the cage wall and was pounding his fists into him like a punching bag. The pinned man tried to cover himself but “Crusher’s” fists seemed to find him at every turn. Finally with one final right hook to the jaw the man crumbled to the ground like a house of cards. The crowd cheered as David felt something wet hit his face. He wiped it off and looked at his hand that was now stained red with blood. “What have I gotten myself into this time?” He said as he wiped the loser’s blood on his jeans and made his way to the locker room.
He changed into a pair of plaid boxer shorts and had an “official” tape up his hands before he strapped on his gloves so his fingers wouldn’t break. It was moments before his first fight; hopefully it wouldn’t be his last. It was a tournament style event with five victories winning him the grand prize of the night. Five three round fights with a thirty minute break between each fight was all that stood between him and enough money to survive for a few more weeks, or between him and an untimely death, depending. They called his name and he exited the locker room to the jeers of the crowd. Apparently he was up against a local favorite. His opponent, named Mack “The Smack” McDugan, was a mountain compared to David. “I guess they don’t bother with weight classing here.” David muttered as he stared across the octagon that seemed to get smaller with each passing second.
“You’re dead, little man!” McDugan yelled from across the ring as the crowd cheered even louder at the promise of David’s public execution.
David turned to one of the men in his corner. “Any advice on what to do?” 
“Yeah. Forfeit now and save yourself the pain!” He said with a laugh.
“Thanks.” David said as he slowly walked to the center of the ring to meet the ref and his would-be murderer. 
McDugan got even bigger as David approached him. This man was 6’4” if he was an inch and he weighed at least 300lbs. Compare that to David’s 5’11” frame and 165lbs, and it spelled certain doom.
“Are you ready?” The ref said as he pointed to McDugan.
“Hell yeah!”
“Are you ready?” He asked David.
“As ready as I’ll ever be.” He shrugged.
“Let’s fight!” He said as he signaled the start of the fight.
From the first second McDugan came at David like a freight train. He brought his right hand overhead to try to end the fight early but David, using the only advantage he had, got out of the way quickly and sent his larger opponent stumbling into the cage. Seeing an opening, David rushed in and wrapped his arms around his waist and shoved him into the cage in an attempt to hold him there. However, before David even had a good grip he was on the floor having taken a left elbow to the head. He was stunned by the blow but he knew he had to keep moving. He began crawling slowly across the ring in search of safety. His head was spinning and felt heavy. He felt a large hand on his shoulder flip him on his back with one smooth motion. The ceiling lights were so bright that they nearly blinded him adding to his disorientation. The tremendous shadow of McDugan lowered over his body as David felt his abdomen painfully compress as he sat on his chest. It was difficult to breathe as David listened to McDugan laugh sadistically at his pain. He suddenly felt an impact on his left temple that whipped his head to the side only to receive another equally heavy strike from the other direction. David could feel his body going limp and he knew it was over, but with one last desperate effort he got his hand up to try to catch the next punch and was puzzled to feel the massive fist slow down as it softly entered his grasp. David focused enough to see the confused look on McDugan’s face at the ineffectiveness of his attack. With a sudden burst of energy, David seized the opportunity to strike and that’s when he threw his fist directly into the chin of his massive opponent and was amazed to see him fly backward off of him as if an invisible wrecking ball had just swung down and knocked McDugan clear across the ring. David lifted his head with wide-eyed confusion as he looked at the huge man lying on the mat, unconscious. In David’s state of shock the explosion of cheers from the crowd sounded more like a faint echo from a deep cave. The referee helped David to his feet and raised his hands in victory. An announcer’s voice suddenly came through the sound system…
“In a stunning upset, here is your winner by knock-out, David ‘One-Punch’ Garrett!”  

Chapter 8
Mary Elizabeth
She laid in bed with tears in her eyes thinking about the day’s events. “What am I becoming?” She cried. Mary Elizabeth had done nothing but order David around the entire day. Nothing he did was good enough for her and she expressed that by belittling and tormenting him virtually non-stop, and the worst part about it was the fact that she enjoyed it. She actually enjoyed making David pay, not just for what he had done to their building, but for the Godless life that he had been living for years. She rolled over into a fetal position as her stomach began to literally cramp with guilt. She wrestled with her conscious trying to justify her actions, but that only made her pain worse. After a couple of hours of restless torment she decided that she had to apologize to him. As much as his defiant sinful life infuriated her, she had to admit that it wasn’t her place to punish or judge him.
She put on her slippers and quietly crept out of her bedroom. She turned the corner just in time to see David sneaking out of his room with his bags. She quickly hid herself behind the corner and peeked around to watch him. “Running again, eh? I was right about you.” She whispered to herself as she watched him sneak toward the door. She quickly, but quietly, walked back to her room to put on her outdoor clothes. She couldn’t count how many rules she was breaking by leaving in the middle of the night alone to follow him, but she couldn’t help herself. She didn’t know why, but she had to know where he was going. 
On the street she looked about as out of place as anyone could in her polo shirt, khaki shorts and tennis shoes with calf-high socks, but that was all she had. She stayed about half a block behind David and watched him walking with his head toward the ground. “He looks so sad and lost.” She said to herself as she almost began to feel sorry for him.
She followed him for what seemed like forever until he finally stopped near a nightclub called The Magic Hour. She scoffed as he went inside. “It figures. Dozens of shelters in the area and his first thought is about getting drunk.” She said to herself as she went toward the building, but was halted by the doorman as she approached. 
“Whoa, where do think you’re going?” He said as he blocked the doorway.
“I’m going inside and I’ll thank you to get out of my way.”
“This is a nightclub, not a picnic area.” He said with a laugh. “You’re not getting in here dressed like that.”
“I have just as much right to enter this club as anyone and if you do not step aside I will file a complaint and sue your manager for everything he has and have you fired!” She said fearlessly as she got face to chest with the large doorman.
“Alright lady, whatever you say. Jesus!” He said laughing even harder. “There you go. Enjoy.” He said as he opened the door for her.
“Thank you very much, and don’t blaspheme around me!” She said as she pointed one final finger at him on her way inside. 
Once inside she was both shocked and excited at the same time. There was a strange energy in the air that she could plainly feel but couldn’t describe. There was some kind of fight event happening and she couldn’t help but watch as two barbarians in the ring pummeled each other to the delight of the blood-thirsty crowd. She scanned the audience but didn’t see David anywhere so she decided to sit at the bar and wait for him to reappear. She tried to act natural at the bar but everything she did just made her look even more nervous.  
“What’ll you have, lady?” The bartender asked.
“Who, me?” She asked with slight surprise as she turned around.
“Yeah, you. Come on lady, I ain’t got all night.”
“Ice water, I guess.”
The bartender rolled his eyes. “Look there’s a two drink minimum. You gotta order something.”
“Alright, just get me a coke then.”
“That’ll be two bucks.” He said as he poured the drink from the fountain hose and handed it over. She paid him the money, took the obviously watered down drink and went back to looking for David. After a few minutes she saw some commotion in the crowd as a very large man with a thick red beard began walking toward the ring. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, for your next fight of the evening making his way to the ring, Mack ‘The Smack’ McDugan!” The announcer called as the crowd cheered loudly. “Now, his opponent, making his fight debut, David Garrett!”
“What?” She cried out in surprise, but the jeers from the crowd drowned her out. “That idiot’s going to get himself killed.”
“Yeah I know! This is gonna be AWESOME!” A drunk guy next to her responded.
She stood up on a chair so she could get a better view over the standing crowd. “Well, if I wanted to see him punished I guess I got my wish.” She said to herself. Within seconds of the start of the fight David was on the ground getting pounded by this hairy monster of a man. She couldn’t explain her feelings at that moment. She barely knew David and what she did know she hated, but somehow she still didn’t want him to get hurt. Her eyes began to glisten with tears. “Stop the fight! He’s helpless!” She cried as she put her face in her hands a moment, but just then a millisecond of blinding light came from inside the ring and when she wiped her eyes clear she saw the big man, McDugan, flat on his back and David being stood up by the officials. “What just happened?” She asked another fan in the crowd.
“Big dude just got knocked the fuck out! That’s what happened!” He said as he cheered.
“That’s impossible.” She said under her breath. 

Chapter 9
Sara
Sara paced back and forth in her holding cell. She had endured hours of interrogation that day and was completely exhausted but she was far too terrified to sleep. Her parents couldn’t afford to bail them both out so they decided that she and her sister should stay in jail together as punishment. Sara had cried herself nearly to dehydration and every noise that echoed down the dark concrete hallway made her jump. If there was a hell, she couldn’t imagine it being much worse than this. 
“Why? Why did I go?” She hysterically asked herself as a combination of saliva and tears ran down her chin. “I should have just stayed home and read my books. I wanna go home. I just wanna go home.” She whimpered as she slowly slid down the wall to the floor.  After a few minutes her head snapped up quickly when she heard the guard door open. In the silence of night the door shutting sounded like an explosion as it echoed down the hall and back again. She heard voices muttering and softly laughing as they approached. She stood up to see who was coming and saw that it was two young male guards. The young men stood outside the bars and looked at Sara a moment till one of them, who was chewing on a toothpick, finally spoke.
“What did I tell you?” He said with a slight laugh as he motioned to her.
“Oh yeah, you were definitely right.” The other guard said as he put the key in and opened the cell door.
“What’s going on? Am I being released?” She said as they entered the cell and quietly shut the door behind them.
“Not quite.” One said as he circled around her looking her up and down as if she were a show horse. “You see, you’re a bad girl and it’s our job to make sure that bad girls get punished.” He said as he stopped in front of her. Unbeknownst to Sara, the other guard had already positioned himself behind her.
This was making Sara extremely nervous and confused. “What are you talking abou…” She started to ask but was interrupted as two strong hands grabbed her arms from behind and pulled her back until she was on the ground.
“Stop! What are you doing?” She screamed as the guard in front quickly knelt down and slapped her across the face harder than she ever thought someone could. Her cheek burned and her ears rang from the impact. He put his gloved hand across her mouth as he pointed her head to face him. He got down close to her and looked her in the eyes.
“You’re not listening to me. You’ve been very bad, haven’t you?” He whispered as he gently shook her head up and down to look like nodding. “You deserve this, don’t you?” Sara tried desperately to scream “no” and shake her head but he forced her into a nod again. “Good. I’m glad we agree.” He said as he gently slipped his free hand into her dress to cup her breast.
Sara closed her eyes and tried to wake herself up from this nightmare, but she couldn’t. Every touch and caress from his hands made her stomach turn. He slid his hand from her chest down her silky dress to her thighs, and what was gentle at first suddenly became forceful as he threw her legs open. Her mind struggled to grasp what was happening. She tried to scream but all that came out were muffled cries that may as well have been a million miles away from anyone who could help.
“Don’t worry. I know this is your first time, so I’ll be gentle.” He whispered to her as he propped himself up on his knees to undo his pants. Sara thrashed her head side to side trying desperately to tell him to stop. “Oh, you don’t want me to be gentle? You like it rough? Well, I can do that too.” Sara clamped her mouth down on his hand and he yelled in pain as he snatched it away from her mouth.
“KARA! KARA!” She screamed for help.
“You BITCH!” He yelled as he reared back his arm and punched her in the face. Sara heard the crunch as her nose broke and her mouth immediately filled with blood. The copper taste made her want to gag as she struggled to keep from swallowing.
He grabbed her by the chin and forced her to look at him. Thick dark red blood ran from her mouth and down his hand as it pooled on the floor by her neck. “Just for that, I’m gonna make sure this is the most memorable experience of your life, cause it’s gonna be your last.” 

Chapter 10
Kara
Kara awoke in a cold sweat. Flashes from a horrible nightmare haunted her as she laid in the darkness. In her dream, she was hanging onto the side of a cliff by one hand and holding onto her sister with the other hand. She watched as Sara dangled and thrashed on her arm trying to pull herself up. Sara begged her sister for help. “Kara! Kara!” She called out. Kara wanted to save her sister, but she could feel herself losing grip. “Please save me! I don’t wanna die!” No matter how hard Kara pulled she felt her sister slip away inch by inch. She looked her sister in the eye as her hand slipped away and said, “I’m sorry” as she watched her plummet down the cliff hundreds of feet to a certain and gruesome death before making the sudden trip back to reality, where, for some reason, she still felt like Sara was in danger. 
She rolled out of bed and tried to stand up, but stomach cramps made her double over in pain. She slowly slid herself across the floor as she fought the waves of nausea that swept over her. “Guard! Guard!” She called out. After a couple of minutes of yelling a guard stormed in through the door.
“Shut the hell up! There’s no talking after lights out.” He exclaimed as he marched up to the bars with his nightstick in hand.
“You’ve got to help.” She pleaded. “I think my sister’s in trouble.”
“Of course she is. You both are. That’s why you’re in jail, genius.” He said mockingly.
“No, you don’t understand.”
“No, you don’t understand! Get back to your bed and shut up or you’ll be in even more trouble.” He said as Kara pulled herself up to her feet.
“Just check on her, please!”
“I’m gonna count to five. One!”
“If you’d just listen to me…”
“Two!”
“There’s something really wrong here.”
“Three!”
Kara felt fury swell within her as she gripped the bars to the point that her knuckles became white and her hands nearly cramped from the strain.
“FOUR!”
Kara stepped back with tension running through her entire body. Anger pulsed through her every blood vessel as she struggled to convey something to the guard that she didn’t even understand herself.
“Good girl. Now get back to bed.” He said as he turned to walk away.
Kara felt like she was about to literally explode with anger. She took a deep breath as she prepared to release her frustration the only way she could at that moment…with a scream. “GOD DAMNIT!!!!!!” She shrieked with all the force her body had to offer. As soon as the words left her mouth the cell walls to either side of her began to splinter and crack and instantly the cell door exploded in front of her knocking the guard against the wall pinning him under the enormous weight of the debris. Pieces of steel and concrete flew in every direction as a cloud of gray dust filled the hallway. Kara instinctively shielded herself from injury and as the dust settled she slowly walked out of the dilapidated cell to survey the damage.
“What the HELL?” She said as she looked at the pile of rubble that now lay on top of the guard. “How did I do that?” She asked herself as she ran down the hall to look for her sister.   

Chapter 11
Tatsuo
He pulled up in front of the police station where his two targets were being held. He read their files several times and knew every detail about them. Sara Kristine Sangria and Kara Serenity Sangria, identical twins, both seniors in high school, both highly intelligent, but that’s where the similarities seem to end. Sara Sangria, 4.0 GPA, early admission to Brown University where she plans to major in Pre-Law. Introverted personality, Sara Sangria has few friends and focuses the majority of her time on academics and extra-curricular activities which include leading the local book-of-the-month club, chess club, and science club. Kara Sangria, maintained a 3.8 GPA till this school year when it dropped to a 2.5 and shows no sign of improving. Withdrawn and slightly unstable personality, Kara Sangria is prone to fits of anger and shows classic signs of depression with possible substance abuse issues. Recommend full psychological evaluation by licensed professional.  
Tatsuo put the files back in the envelope and stepped out of the car. He wore a dark blue suit and dark glasses to make himself look more “official.” He had rehearsed his speech a hundred times that night. He was going to go inside, flash his badge and fake credentials, and be out the door with the prisoners before those nightshift morons even knew what happened. He was ready. He took two steps toward the building and saw a bright flash of red light come from a cell window followed immediately by a cloud of dust and the unmistakable sound of a huge explosion. He stopped and sighed. “Ahh, shit.” He said. “So much for being subtle.” 
He ran to the side of the building where he saw the flash. The window was about twenty feet from the ground and the wall was completely smooth with no handgrips. He threw off his coat and took a few steps back. He ran full speed at the wall and planted his feet on it and leaped toward the wall of the adjacent building and jumped off it to the high shadow near the window. He sailed through the air and the darkness welcomed him as a friend and let him pass through the cell wall as if it were a cloud. Once inside, he rolled to a stop and quickly got his bearings. The damage to the room was awe inspiring. He couldn’t believe that a raw user could do this much damage by accident. He walked out of the room and saw Kara running down the hallway. “Kara Sangria!” He called to her.
She turned around and saw him. “Oh shit!” She said. “Look, I’m innocent. You have to believe me.”
“Did you do this?” He asked as he motioned to the pile of rubble.
“I didn’t do anything!” She yelled. “It just… it just…”
“It just happened.” He said softly as he approached her.
“Who are you?” She asked as her face slightly crinkled with confusion.
Tatsuo continued to approach her slowly. “Who I am is not nearly as important as what you are.”
“What are you talking about?”
“In a few seconds, police are going to come storming through that door and they’ll take you back into custody and you’ll never know the truth of how or why this is happening to you. Your only chance is to trust me.” He said as he extended his hand.
Kara looked at his hand and considered his strange offer. “My sister’s here too. You have to help me find her.”
“I will. I promise.”
Kara slowly reached out her hand to take his. Tatsuo gripped it tightly and closed his eyes to focus. “Hold on.” He told her as he focused on the darkness that surrounded them in the hallway. 
“What are you doing?” Kara whispered as she began to regret trusting this stranger.
“Shhh! Just be quiet and let me concentrate.” After a moment Kara began to feel strange as the dark hallway steadily got brighter with an eerie bluish light.  She gasped as the police broke through the door to investigate the commotion just a couple of minutes prior. Tatsuo quickly covered her mouth to silence her. “Stay quiet.” He whispered. “They can’t see us.”
“Officer down! Officer down! We need an ambulance here ASAP!” One policeman shouted into his radio. 
“Jesus Christ! She must have used some kind of make-shift bomb, or something.” Another cop said as he looked in the cell. “She’s gone! She must be trying to escape.”
Kara watched as the police scoured the hallway for clues to where she was and began to see the humor in this incredibly unbelievable situation. She had no idea how this was happening but she had to admit that this stranger was right. They were invisible! She leaned in close to him. “How are you doing this?” She whispered.
“There’s a lot in this world that you don’t know, but all your questions will be answered. However, right now there’s no time.” Tatsuo looked around for a way out. The door was not an option because all the lights were on outside. They’d be spotted in a second. He noticed the empty dark cell across from them which he knew would have a sink, and more importantly, a drain. “Are you claustrophobic?” He asked.
“No, I don’t think so. Why?” She answered hesitantly. 
“Good. You’re going to feel very cramped but I need you to remember to breathe.”
“Remember to breathe?” She barely got out her sentence before she felt herself being pulled across the hallway and through the bars. She felt her heart racing. Suddenly it was as if she had no form or shape. With her hand around Tatsuo’s like a vice-grip, she allowed herself to float through the air and toward the sink. She saw him disappear into the drain as easily as water. “You’ve got to be kidding me.” She felt herself contract and stretch as she entered the drain and she expected pain but never felt any. In a strange way it almost had a calming effect on her. She imagined that this must be how it feels to fly. After a few moments she heard muffled cries of pain. “Mister, where are we going?”
“You said you wanted to find your sister. Unfortunately, I think we just found her.” He said as they came back up through the drain in another cell. The first few seconds out were very disorienting, but after that Kara realized that she was looking at her sister being beaten and raped by two guards. She immediately tried to pull away to help her but Tatsuo stopped her.
“What are you doing?” She whispered. “Let me go!”
He shook his head. “Allow me.” He said as he let go of her hand. She immediately noticed a change in her environment. Suddenly everything was brighter and louder to the point that it was almost painful. She couldn’t see the man anymore, just the shadows that accompanied her in the corner. Tears instantly formed in her eyes at the sight of her sister struggling to survive. In a bright flash, almost like lightning, she saw a dagger that seemed to come right out of the shadows and slit the throat of the guard that was holding Sara down by her arms. Bright red blood sprayed across the room as he fell over.
As soon as her arms were free, Sara started hitting him and thrashing her arms. “What the hell? I said hold her down!” He said as he looked up to see his accomplice bleeding out. “What the fuck?” As soon as he was done with his sentence he felt a sharp impact in his back and saw a blood-covered blade protrude from his chest. He tried to yell for help, but all that came out was a whimper. The blade disappeared and then painfully reappeared on the other side of his chest, and then again in the middle. Overpowering the weak had always made him feel powerful, but, in his last moments, he knew what it was to be helpless.
Kara ran over to her sister and shoved the body off of her. “Sara!” She yelled as she threw her arms around her sister. 
“Kara!” She called out as she sobbed uncontrollably on Kara’s shoulder.
“Shhh, it’s alright. It’s over now. I’m here. You’re ok.” They just sat there and held each other for, what seemed like, ages until a dark figure walked out of the shadows into the light. Sara screamed and tried to get away. “No, it’s ok. He’s here to help.”
“We have to go. Time is running out.” Tatsuo said as he wiped the blood off his dagger and put it away.
“Who are you?” Sara managed to choke out between breaths.
He extended his hand to them. “I’m the only person you can trust right now.”

Chapter 12
David and Mary Elizabeth
It had been a rough night, but David had managed to squeak out victories in his last three fights of the evening, nothing as dramatic as his first win, but victories nonetheless. He was sore and bruised but he was ready for his last fight of the night and his opponent was the undefeated mammoth simply known as “Crusher.” David had no idea how he was going to win this fight, but the crowd was on his side and maybe, just maybe, the same miracle that won him the fight against McDugan would repeat itself. David had replayed that moment in his head a hundred times since it happened and he still didn’t understand it. As hard as McDugan was swinging, the punch that he caught should have broken his hand, but it didn’t. Then there was the punch that David returned. Considering that he was almost out cold at the time, there really wasn’t much on that punch and it should have just bounced off McDugan’s face doing practically no damage at all, but instead it was a knock-out. He simply had no way to explain it. 
David entered the ring with confidence that the “powers that be” had destined him to be the champion that night. He played up to the crowd a little and tried not to show how much pain he was truly in. When the ref called for the fight to start, David expected a bull-rush from his huge opponent, but was surprised to see him calmly get in his fight stance and work his way across the floor of the cage. David began by popping out a couple of left jabs to try to feel him out. Both punches bounced of “Crusher’s” chin like tennis balls off a brick wall. “Crusher” sent over a few light punches of his own which David managed to block, but even through his defenses he could feel the immense strength of his strikes. David felt himself getting bold as the first round was coming to a close, so he weaved from left to right and brought a huge leaping overhand right punch which, for a moment, he thought would actually get through “Crusher’s” guard. Unfortunately, David felt his arm stop and then painfully twist in his giant hand. He tried to free his arm, but David felt an enormous fist sink deep into his rib cage as though it were a couch cushion. He felt all the air in his lungs leave in one giant forced exhale. He gasped desperately trying to recover from the blow, but a huge impact from a hard right hook to the chin spun him around. The camera flashes in the crowd blurred together and looked like a sky full of shooting stars. David felt his knees buckle and within seconds he was face down on the floor of the blood-stained ring.
Mary Elizabeth yelled in horror as she saw David fall. She had been watching him all night and praying for his safety. Obviously God had some sort of special plan for him, otherwise He wouldn’t have inspired her to follow him there against her better judgment, and wouldn’t have intervened in the first fight to help him win. She stood up to get a better view of the activity in the ring. “Crusher” had already been declared the winner, but the referee was still down on the floor with David. The official looked up and yelled for an ambulance. She immediately got up and ran for the cage door, but security stopped her.
“Ma’am, I need you to return to your seat. Help is on the way.”
“You don’t understand!” She yelled frantically. “I can help him! I can heal him!”
“Sure you can, lady. Just get back to your seat. The EMTs are on the way.”
“Don’t patronize me! I’m not crazy! I’m a faith healer!”
 “Look lady, if you don’t get back to your seat there’s gonna be trouble.” The guard said as he began to get more frustrated with her.
The idea of somebody coming between her and her holy duty made her insane with fury. “Get out of my way, ASSHOLE!!!” She screamed as she grabbed a nearby beer bottle off a table and broke it over the guards head with one motion before he even had an opportunity to react. “I’m so sorry.” She quickly said as she unlocked the cage door and ran inside.
“You’re not supposed to be in here.” The referee said as Mary Elizabeth pushed him out of the way and knelt down by David. He was barely conscious and gasping for breath. She knew his injuries had to be severe and no ordinary doctor could save him now. 
She placed her hands on his chest and began to pray. “Oh Lord God, please bless the hands of your servant that they may act as a conduit to transfer your loving, healing power to this man who may seem undeserving, but is a child of yours regardless of his sins.” She prayed and focused all of her thought on his injuries reversing themselves and after a few moments she began to feel his body move. His chest slowly expanded and David winced and writhed in pain as his ribs steadily popped back into place. 
“Lord Jesus, it’s working!” The referee said with amazement.
“What happened?” David said weakly as he began to regain consciousness. He looked up and saw Mary Elizabeth. “You? Oh shit, did I die and go to Hell?”
In spite of his insulting question, she laughed gleefully at the fact that he was better. “Not at all. You were saved by the power of Christ!” She exclaimed.
“Jesus, I am in Hell.” He groaned as he sat up. 
“Hey, you should take it easy, son.” The referee said as he came back over to them. “Miss, how on earth did you do that?” He asked.
“Well sir, with faith in Jesus, all things are possible.” She said with a smile that seemed to never end.
“What a crock. I couldn’t have been hurt that bad.” David scoffed as he stood up. As soon as he was on his feet he heard the people in the crowd gasp as if they had just seen a ghost. He heard mutterings that steadily grew louder.
“It’s a miracle! It must be!” The people said. 
David rolled his eyes in distaste. “I know I lost so just get me out of this place before this Jesus shit makes me puke.” He said as he walked toward the door of the cage, but as he did, the crowd got out of their seats and surrounded the ring like a fierce mob. They shook the cage and begged for him to touch them. David backed up slowly as though he were suddenly face to face with a vicious dog. “What the fuck did you start now?” He angrily asked Mary Elizabeth.
“Nothing! I was just trying to help you.” She pleaded.
“Well, thanks a lot! You cost me a thousand dollars and we’re about to get torn apart by a mob of insane Jesus freaks, so next time you want to help why don’t you just do the merciful thing and shoot me in the FUCKING HEAD!!” David watched as the crowd continued to shake the surprisingly frail cage. The guards tried to maintain control but were easily overwhelmed by the mob’s collective strength. Just when it looked like the door would give way a loud static-filled horn blared through the speakers on the walls bringing everything and everyone in the room to a complete stop. Soon a voice sounded.
“This club is closed for the night. Settle your tabs and get out right now and police will not be called.” As if sanity had somehow been injected back into the room, the people slowly gathered their things and calmly walked toward the door. David and Mary Elizabeth started to walk out as well, but the man who had been on the sound-system stopped them. “I need you two to come with me. We need to talk.” He said as he motioned for security to escort them to an office behind the bar. The man followed closely behind them. He was older with a full salt-and-pepper beard and a long pony tail that was pulled back behind a receding hairline which gave him a classic “hippie” look. They entered the office which looked terribly out of place in a nightclub with tall bookshelves full of reading materials, a nice mahogany desk and leather chairs. David decided to take the initiative to try to talk his way out of the situation before it developed further.
“Look, I know there’s been some damage to your property tonight, but I’m sure we can…”
“Sit down.” The man said assertively as he pointed to the chairs. David and Mary Elizabeth complied as he motioned for the guards to exit the room. After a few moments of uncomfortable silence he spoke again. “So, this has been an unusual night for both of you, hasn’t it?”
“Yeah, I guess.” David said with hesitation.
“So, let’s just cut to the chase. How long have you known?” He said as he leaned forward across his desk.
David’s faced wrinkled with confusion. “Known what?”
“How long have you known that you were different?” 
“What are you talking about? Look, I just want to pay whatever damage fines you want me to pay and get out of here.”
The man chuckled softly and shook his head in disbelief. “You really have no idea, do you? And what about you?” He asked as he turned to Mary Elizabeth. “Did you know of your ability before tonight?”
“Well if you mean my spiritual gift to heal through my faith in Christ, then yes. I’ve known I was a faith healer for some time.” She said proudly.
“That’s bullshit.” David said as he sat back in his chair. “She didn’t heal me. She’s just delusional.”
“You say that about anything spiritual, David!” She yelled. “Miracles happen and I proved that tonight with you!”
David stood up and faced her to show his frustration. “You didn’t prove shit tonight except that you’re a crazy bitch that prefers hiding behind a cross than actually living your life!”
“How dare you!” She yelled as she stood up with him.
The man looked at them with increasing disgust as they bickered back and forth. “Are you two done yet?” He exclaimed as they immediately quieted their argument. “I swear, you both are the most pathetic, immature excuses for human beings I’ve ever laid eyes on! Why people like you get chosen, I’ll never understand.”
“Chosen?” David replied.
The man turned to a monitor behind him. “We record our fights and send the better ones to scouts sometimes who look for new talent, but every now and then we catch something even more interesting.” They watched as he began to playback David’s first fight of the night. “You took a serious beating in this fight, but you managed to pull it out.”
“Yeah. I got in a lucky punch. So what?”
“Luck had nothing to do with this.” He said as he continued the tape. At the moment when David threw the fateful punch that finished the match he paused the tape revealing a blinding white flash coming from David’s fist at the point of impact. “There! Did you see that?”
“What is that?” Mary Elizabeth said as she leaned in closer.
“That light is your signature, David. Every user has one, and only other users can see it.”
“User? What are we in Tron now?”
“I’m not kidding. This may be hard for you to grasp, but it wasn’t the punch that knocked McDugan out. It was the energy that your punch transmitted.” David turned around and walked out of the office forcing the man to follow. “Now, where that energy came from I’m not certain yet, but if you let me help you, we can discover the secret and help you control it.”
“Leave me alone! I don’t know what you’re selling, but I don’t want any.” 
“Listen to me!” He pleaded. “If I discovered your ability by accident, others can too. You both could be in danger!”
David entered the locker room to gather his things. “Danger? You want to talk about danger then try sleeping on the street, or in a homeless shelter, or jail, or in any number of undesirable locations that I have to choose from tonight. That’s danger! This little light… whatever on your tape, that’s not dangerous.”
“It sounds incredible. I know cause I thought the same thing 40 years ago when someone noticed me, but what you’ve both stumbled onto here tonight is potentially more dangerous than anything you can imagine if you fall into the wrong hands.”
David laughed as he threw his backpack over his shoulder. “Listen to yourself. This isn’t some comic book. This is the real world, and in the real world special abilities or super powers don’t exist. I’m just a normal person who’s trying to survive.” He said as he pushed past the man and started out the door followed closely by Mary Elizabeth.
“I never said you had super powers!” He called after them as he watched them walk across the parking lot and start down the street. “Good luck… to both of you.” He said with a sigh of disappointment as he closed the door and went back inside.
“David, where are you going?” Mary Elizabeth asked as she followed.
“Why do you care? Do you need your drive-way refinished?” David asked sarcastically as he walked.
“David, stop. He said we were chosen for something. God blessed me with a gift, maybe he blessed you too. You could have a real purpose in life.” 
David turned around sharply and pointed his finger to her chest. “I have a purpose in life, and right now that’s to get the hell away from you! STOP FOLLOWING ME!” David paused for a moment waiting for her reply, but her silence was enough. He turned and walked down the dark alley toward his uncertain future.
“You’re gonna die out here.” She called to him.
“I’d rather die on my own terms than live on someone else’s.” He called back without looking.

Chapter 13
The Woman
Elsewhere in the city a middle-aged businesswoman sat behind her desk looking exhausted. She was struggling to keep her eyes open as she input information into a spread sheet on her computer. The phone rang startling her back to full awareness. She sighed as she reached for the phone. “Yes.” She said wearily. 
After a few moments her expression began to change. A small smile began to spread across her face. “Are you sure?” She asked with a sense of excitement in her voice.
Her smile grew as she continued to listen. “Excellent. Find him, immediately.” She said as she hung up the phone.

Chapter 14
Tatsuo
It had been a long drive. The sun’s rays had begun to peek over the horizon and casted a burning orange glow over his two passengers in the back seat. The twins clung to each other in slumber as if one would disappear if the other let go. They both looked like they had been dragged through the deepest, darkest pit of the underworld only to be rejected and violently thrown back to the surface of Earth. Even through his hard, emotionless exterior, it was difficult for him to look at Sara, and what those monsters had done to her. Her once lovely face was now swollen and bruised beyond recognition. Her dress was torn and her nose and mouth were caked in dry blood. A small tear came to his eye as he tried desperately to focus on completing his mission of delivering them safely. Soon he heard a stirring and saw that Kara was waking up. She winced with pain as she sat up and gently laid her sister’s head back down so she didn’t disturb her.
“Good morning.” He said to her, softly.
Kara held on to her head to try to stave off the pain. “Yeah, I guess.” She finally said. “Where are we going?”
“Some place safe. A place that’s friendly to people like us.”
“People like who? Who are you?” She asked.
“I’m really not at liberty to talk about this with you.” He said hesitantly. “You should really wait till we arrive.”
“Now wait a minute.” She said as she climbed into the passenger seat next to him. “You said I would have my questions answered. Now I want to know who you are and what’s really going on.” She insisted.
As Tatsuo contemplated how much he should tell her he noticed a suspicious car behind them. “Explanations may have to wait. I think we’re being followed.”
“Followed? You can’t be serious.” She replied. 
Tatsuo turned his head and locked eyes with Kara. “I’m always serious. Buckle your seatbelt and hang on.” He said as he jerked the wheel hard to the right and exited the freeway. He glanced in his mirror and saw the car still in pursuit. “I knew it. I need to lose this guy.”
“Lose him? Are you crazy?”
“Not according to my last psyche eval.” He said as he quickly jerked the emergency brake and fish-tailed around a corner barely missing several cars at the intersection as he accelerated. The other car honked its horn loudly as it ran a red light and sped to catch up. 
Tatsuo weaved in and out of several lanes of traffic at increasingly high speed narrowly missing several catastrophes as Kara began screaming to let her and her sister out of the car. 
“I need you to be quiet so that I can focus.” He said as he stared intensely at Kara for a quick moment.
Kara looked ahead and saw that they were heading toward a parking garage at full speed. “Oh shit!” She yelled. As she reached out and grabbed her sister’s hand everything seemed to slow down to a crawl. She saw the car plow through the thin wooden gate as though it were made of paper. She expected the driver to make the sharp turn up the ramp, but the vehicle stayed straight heading full speed toward a line of parked cars and a solid concrete wall behind them. She braced herself for impact as she held her breath. Finally their car made contact, but instead of colliding, the car seemed to go through the parked cars. She continued holding her breath as she saw parts of the car and garage wall go past her as if they were nothing more than a hologram. And after a second they were through the wall and on the other side in an ally. She saw the driver slam on his brakes and skid to a stop. Her heart was pounding in her throat and she felt as though she could throw up at any moment, but then she looked at the driver and was amazed to see that he was as calm and unfettered as though he were out for a Sunday drive. “Who the hell are you?” She finally asked.  
“My name is Tatsuo, and I am a shadow-user.” 

Chapter 15
David
He opened his eyes as the gentle rays of sunshine slowly snuck around the corner and quietly woke him up. As they focused he saw the red brick of the building in front of him, the gray of the pavement beneath him and the black of the garbage bag under his head. All the beautiful colors of morning. He wasn’t sure when he passed out last night. All he remembered was walking away from the crazy nun. David sat up and nearly screamed from the pain. Every muscle in his body hurt and every movement was torture. He would have liked nothing better than to just stay there forever, but he was also starving. His stomach rumbled louder than the dump trucks that were going by on the street. He forced himself to stand up. Rotten pieces of lettuce and bits of old wet paper clung to his clothes. He tried to brush them off but it hurt too much to bend over. He started painfully walking down the alleyway. When he emerged on the street his pain ceased being only physical. He watched all the “normal” people as they were going about their daily routines. They were going to work, or maybe to the store in their nice clothes and their nice cars. All the people who conformed and did what the establishment told them to do and their reward is that they get what they want, and people like David who actually try to live their life and do something different just get tossed aside with the trash. 
David was about to begin the painful act of walking again when he was halted by the sight of flashing red and blue lights out of the corner of his eye. He turned his head to see a patrol car pulling up with a couple of uniformed “doughnut-eaters” inside.
“Is there some kind of problem, son?” The policeman behind the wheel asked.
David pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration. “Jesus, you gotta be fucking kidding me.” He mumbled.
“What was that?” The cop said showing signs of agitation.
“Nothing, officer.” He said as he looked back up and put on the best fake smile he could manage. “There’s no problem.”
“You don’t look so good. You been drinking today?”
“No sir, not yet anyway.” He said in an unconsciously smartass fashion. 
“Not yet, huh? Well, why don’t you just step over to that building and let’s talk about it a minute?” He said as he and his partner got out of the car. David stepped over to the wall of the building and made sure to keep his hands in sight. He had been through this routine enough times that it was almost second nature, unfortunately. “So where you headed this morning?”
“Just heading home. Had kind of a rough night.”
“I can see that. You look all banged up. You get in a fight?” The cop said as he did his best John Wayne stance with his left hand propped on his walkie-talkie.
“I was prize-fighting, at a club. That’s legal.” David emphasized.
“Yes sir, that is legal. You say you’re headed home, now where might that be?”
“Uh, it’s just down the road. I’m on foot cause my car’s in the shop.” He bluffed.
“Well, if you give us the address, we’d be happy to give you a lift.”
“It’s not far. Really, I’m fine walking.”
“Is that right?” He said as he slowly looked to the ground and back up at David. “You know, it’s not smart to lie to an officer of the law. You don’t have any home to go to, do you?”
“Sir, I know my rights and you can’t harass me like this. I’ve done nothing wrong. So, if we’re done, I’ll be going now.”
“Now just hold on a minute. Last time I checked vagrancy and disturbing-the-peace were still illegal.”
He had heard cops throw around that bullshit charge a hundred times. “Disturbing-the-peace? Are you out of your mind?”
“No but you’re under arrest.” He said with a slight laugh as he directed David to turn around to be frisked and cuffed while he recited his Miranda rights. 

Chapter 16
Mary Elizabeth
She didn’t open her eyes because she didn’t have to. They were already open. Mary Elizabeth had barely slept at all last night and when she did sleep she was haunted by images of David. Was he hurt? Was he cold or hungry? “Why do I care?” She asked herself. “He’s horrible. He’s dirty. He has no respect for anyone. So why can’t I stop thinking about him?” In spite of the intense praying she had done concerning these questions, no answers had come to her. She decided that she needed to seek her answers elsewhere. “The man at the club, he seemed to know something about David. Maybe he has answers for me too.” She got dressed and snuck out of the church while the other sisters made breakfast. Dawn was just peeking over the horizon as the hookers and dealers on the street retired back to their nests while the decent and honest people vacated their homes in search of another good day.  
She jogged up to the club entrance. People were filing out like a herd of cattle. She forced her way against the current and made it through the door.
“Hey, we’re closed. You have to leave.” The doorman said.
“Wait, I was here last night. I just need to talk with the manager again.”
“I know you were here last night. You almost caused a riot and you’re lucky I don’t call the police right now. Now get out.” He said assertively. 
“That wasn’t my fault. I saved his life.” She stated.
The man laughed loudly. “How did you save his life?”
She paused for a moment in deep thought at that question. “I honestly don’t know.” She said solemnly. “I thought I knew, but now I’m not so sure. I’m very confused right now and I need to know the truth. I feel like he can provide me with that.”
The demeanor of the hard-faced doorman changed at that point. “Alright. Come with me” He finally said. She followed him back to the office where she had been the night before. “Hey boss,” he said as he knocked, “you’ve got someone here to see you.” The man with the pony-tail answered the door and saw Mary Elizabeth.
“I was hoping at least one of you would come back.” He said. “Come in.” He opened the door wider for her and nodded to his employee to leave them alone. “I know we didn’t get a proper introduction last night and I apologize for that. My name is Matthew Cale. What’s your name?”
“Mary Elizabeth.” She answered with hesitation.
“Is that right?” He replied as he opened a folder on his desk and looked in it. “Don’t you mean Elizabeth Denise Stine?” Her eyes widened with shock at his words. “After an incident at the age of seventeen where you allegedly healed your younger brother after a near-fatal motocross accident in front of a capacity crowd of about 2500 people, you were labeled a miracle worker by the local media and you quit school to join a convent to get away from the publicity.”
“You couldn’t possibly know that. Have you been spying on me?”
“Please, don’t flatter yourself.” He said as he closed the folder. “It made all the local papers and you’d be amazed what a simple Google search can turn up. So the real question is why did you come back here?” He asked as he leaned back in his chair.
She brushed her wavy hair away from her face as she tried to think. “I don’t know. I was fine until I met David, and now everything just feels different. I think about him. I worry about him. Yet just being around him angers me. I’m sorry, I know none of this makes any sense.”
“Actually, it makes more sense than you think. Users tend to be drawn to one another without even realizing it. That’s probably what led him to you and what eventually led you both here.”
“You mentioned users last night. What do you mean by that?”
“That is the common term used today for users of natural magic. I’ve been researching this for the majority of my life and throughout history we’ve been called everything from gods to witches, but the bottom line is that we’ve always existed in some form. Even in the Bible there’s evidence of us. Moses, for example, obviously had a connection with water. He struck the Red Sea and it parted before him and his people. He turned the Nile into blood and forced water out of a rock. He believed God was working through him to save his people, but in reality he was doing those things to save his people.”
“So, it’s magic but it comes from God?”
“What I can tell you is that both you and David have gifts. Where exactly those gifts come from, I don’t know. Among our circles there’s a lot of division on the subject. Some say our abilities come from God, others say the Devil. Then there are those that believe we’re some kind of abomination of nature.”
“So, what does that mean? I’m not human?” She said with a slightly offended tone.
“On the contrary, we’re more human than most people. However it happened, we have a connection with nature that most will never experience, let alone understand. Over the years, I’ve seen people do amazing things with their gifts. I’ve seen users stop tsunamis dead in their tracks moments before they would have devastated a coastal city. I’ve seen hurricanes and tornadoes calmed at the peak of their strength. Hundreds of disasters are averted every year thanks to people like us.”
“That’s ridiculous! How do I know any of this is true?” She asked.
“Look it up for yourself. How many times have you heard of storms that all the experts were certain would be devastating suddenly lose power and downgrade just before they hit land? Or what about people who miraculously walk away from plane crashes or car accidents that should have killed them? I can guarantee that in at least 90% of those cases there’s a user somewhere close by that should be thanked.”
“Those people miraculously walk away from those accidents because of miracles!”
“Exactly, but who says what form those miracles truly take? In today’s society anything that we can’t explain is written off as a miracle. I’m telling you that there is a much more incredible explanation to the unexplainable than that.” 
Mary Elizabeth put her hands to her temples as if to keep her head from exploding. “I can’t accept this. You’re basically telling me that everything I have to come to believe about the world is false.”
“Not exactly false, just incomplete. Our people have been in hiding for a long time…”
“Stop including me in your crazy delusions! I’m not one of you! Wait, what am I talking about? You’re not even one of you! You’re nuts! I don’t even know why I’m here!” She yelled as she stood up to leave.
“You know, it’s really easy to say that I’m crazy and storm out. That’s what David did, remember?” Mary Elizabeth stopped and turned back around to look at him. “I’ve seen countless young people with similar gifts do exactly the same thing. It’s human nature to shun and disregard what we don’t understand as being insane, or even being heresy. However, as they say seeing is believing. Give me twenty-four hours to prove what I’m telling you is true, and if you’re still not convinced after that then I’ll leave you to believe whatever you want to believe about what’s happening to you.”
“Why should I?” She said trying her best to hold her spiritual ground.
“Because you can’t stand to walk out that door if there’s even a chance I could be right.”

Chapter 17
Sara
Sara awoke with a start. She struggled as strange hands tried to grasp her. She could still hear his voice and feel his hot stinking breath on her face. She kicked and thrashed until she broke free and curled into a ball in the nearest corner. It took her a few moments to realize that the hands trying to grab her were her sister’s and that they were still in the car. “What’s going on?” Sara finally said.
“It’s ok, Sara. We’re here.” Kara said.
“Where’s here?”
“A safe place.” Tatsuo said. “We have doctors here that will treat your injuries and we’ll provide you with food, clean clothes and a place to sleep.”
“I don’t get it.” Sara said still drawing her limbs into a defensive posture. “Is this some kind of shelter?”
“In a manner of speaking, yes.”
“I don’t want to go to a shelter. I wanna go home.” She cried as tears began to flow. “Kara, please just tell me we can go home.” Kara wrapped her arms around her distraught sister.
“Sara, listen to me.” She whispered. “I know you want to go home. I do too, but we can’t right now. They’re going to be looking for us there. Now, this is Tatsuo. He and I talked while you were asleep and he’s a good guy. He’s going to help us.”
“I don’t want his help!!” She screamed. “I just want to go home! They’re going to make me tell what happened. Please don’t make me go inside.” She whimpered as she buried her face in her sister’s shoulder. “Please just take me home.” 
Kara was beyond heart-broken at seeing her sister’s condition. She clung to her as tightly as she could and looked to her escort. “Please is there anything else we can do?” Kara asked. 
“I’m sorry but she’s badly hurt. She needs medical attention right away and any hospital you go to will be obligated to report this to the authorities. You’ll be back in custody before you know it.”  
Kara painfully nodded in understanding.
“Sara, we’re going to get out of the car and go inside but I promise you I will never leave your side. Do you understand?” Sara, in an almost child-like manner, nodded her head against her sister’s chest refusing to look up. Kara slowly pulled away and helped her gently wipe the tears from her eyes. She nodded to Tatsuo signaling that she was ready to move. He pulled out his cell phone and quickly dialed.
“Yeah, it’s me. We’re coming in. Have the infirmary ready for her.” He stated in a tone that said he was all business. “Yes sir, I understand.” He said as he hung up the phone and tucked it in his jacket pocket. “They’re ready for us.”
“Ok.” Kara said. “Sara, we need to get out of the car now.” Tatsuo got out and opened the door for them. Kara had to slide across the seat to Sara’s side to get out because she refused to let go. 
“Follow me.” Tatsuo said as he motioned toward the side of the building. The skyscraper was huge. Kara craned her neck to look at it and figured that it had to be at least sixty or seventy stories with sheer glass sides that had an almost mirror finish to them that made the building glow in the sunrise.
“Where are you taking us?” She asked as she held on to her sister to maintain her balance.
“There’s a service elevator around the back. No-one will see us there.” He explained. 
“You’re all about staying in the shadows, huh?” She replied.
He couldn’t help but crack a smile that momentarily broke his hard exterior. “Always.” 
Sara probably would have panicked getting into the dirty freight elevator if she had opened her eyes long enough to notice. She had been shielding her face from sight ever since they left the car. The ride up seemed to take forever. They all stood in silence waiting for their floor to arrive. As the doors opened they were greeted by a young man in light-blue scrubs standing behind a wheelchair. Kara could see his eyes go wide with surprise upon seeing Sara’s condition. “Miss, can you hear me?” He said as he entered the elevator and put his hand on her shoulder. Kara felt her suddenly flinch and pull away from him. “Miss, my name is Gary Walker. I’m a medical assistant and I just want to help you into this wheelchair so I can take you to get checked out by our doctors.” Sara clung to her sister like an abused child. Kara held her close and tried to comfort her.
“I’m really sorry but the last twenty-four hours have been really traumatic for her.” Kara said to the assistant as she tried to ease Sara out of the elevator. “I’m going to sit you down in this chair, but it’s ok. I’m right here.” She explained to her fragile sibling as she eased her down to the wheelchair, but held onto her hand as they moved down the hall. Eventually they came to a “T” intersection where the assistant stopped the wheelchair and explained that family was not allowed past this point until after the examination was complete. 
Sara could feel her sister’s hand trying to release but she tried desperately to hang on until she felt her fingers slip away and felt the chilled air against her face as the chair hurried down the hall and away from her. Tears flowed from her swollen eyes as she tried to cope with being alone again. 
She was escorted to a room with an examination table and a small changing screen. He explained that he needed her to get completely undressed and changed into a hospital gown and that the doctor would be in to see her soon. “Ok.” She said weakly. She stepped behind the screen and slowly slipped off her torn dress revealing her bruised body. She felt the tenderness of her black marks that checkered her torso and legs. She sobbed as she removed her bra and panties which left her completely exposed. She shivered with cold and shame as she put on the gown and sat on the bed with her arms wrapped around herself. This was the first moment she had to herself since the tragic events of the night before. She was surprised that of all the words she thought would enter her mind at this moment, words like revenge, or payback or even murder only one word crossed her mind at all… why. Why did they do it? Why did they pick me? And why couldn’t I stop it? She sat there for what felt like an eternity alone with her thoughts until the door opened and a small group of people in white coats entered the room like a tidal wave. The jabbering of medical jargon sounded like a foreign language.
“We’ll need an EKG, CBC, full GYN exam with a rape kit…” The older of the pack rattled off orders to his subordinates faster than she could comprehend. Before she knew what was happening another young man in scrubs was asking her to lie back on the bed. She tried to resist but he gently pushed her down. In the cloud of noise she made out the phrase, “You’re going to feel a slight stick…,” as she saw a large needle raised before her eyes. She jerked her arm back but the assistant called for help and attempted to hold her down.
“Don’t touch me.” She said with her teeth clinched, but the workers wouldn’t stop and eventually overpowered her. “Don’t touch me! DON’T TOUCH ME!!!!” She screamed as she felt the needle penetrate her skin. 

Chapter 18
Kara
Kara painfully let go of her sister’s hand. She watched her sister until she finally disappeared through the double-doors at the end of the hall. “Are you sure she’s going to be ok?”
“Don’t worry. She’s in good hands. I have to go talk to someone; it’s very important that you stay here. I’ll be back in a few minutes” He said as he walked back into the elevator. 
“What exactly is this place?” She asked but by the time she had the words out the door was shut and she was in the corridor alone. She stood for a few moments until she heard strange noises coming from down the hall. She walked down a long labyrinth of hallways checkered with doors that read “Warning”, “Danger” or “Caution.” 
As she was passing a particular room with a water symbol on the door, an inconspicuous green light above the doorway went on. Kara slowly turned the door handle and walked in and saw a huge Olympic-sized swimming pool with strange Plexiglas huts set far back away from the water. 
“I don’t get it.” She said in a puzzled tone. “There’s no one here.”
She slowly approached the pool. The only motion in the water was the slight ripples that the exhaust jets produced. After a few moments the green lights near the doorways turned red along with the sound of a gymnasium style horn. A large red target suddenly raised on one side of the pool and instantly a swell grew in the water. The water swirled and churned itself into a small whirlwind which then struck the target with the ferocity of a tidal wave knocking the target off its base. She called out in surprise as water from the impact knocked her off her feet. She quickly crawled behind one of the Plexiglas shelters as three other targets rose at different intervals on the other sides and each one was met with a similar, if not more powerful, tidal strike. When the water settled, the horn sounded once more and the light changed back to green. Kara’s heart was pounding in her chest as she struggled to slow down her breathing.
“What the hell was that?” She exclaimed with shock.
As she hugged the floor the water began to churn again and Kara felt herself slowly retreating in fear of what might happen next. The churning came closer and closer to the edge of the pool until it began spilling into the shelter. Just when she was certain she was about to be obliterated by a column of water a young man seemed to almost ooze out of the pool and pull himself up the ladder. She couldn’t help but be pleasantly surprised by what she saw. The young man was about 6’2” with light brown hair that was cut just below his ears and a long athletic body that was well displayed by his small swimsuit.
The young man leaned down toward the glass. “Are you ok?” He asked with a smirk.
Kara looked for words but all that seemed to come out was incoherent muttering.
He chuckled a bit at her response. “Are you new here?”
With her mouth still hanging partially open she found herself slightly nodding.
“That’s what I thought.” He said as he stood up and grabbed a towel and began to dry himself off. “Well, if you feel like coming out I’ll be happy to introduce myself.”
Kara gently shook her head back and forth.
“Oh come on.” He said as he leaned back down to her. “I don’t bite.”
Kara felt herself swallow hard with nervousness. “Ok.” She said softly as she nodded her head again. She slowly got off the floor never taking her eyes off of him. As she stood up she realized that her clothes were soaking wet and she shivered from the cold as air from the vents in the room hit her.
“You’re soaking wet.” He said as he grabbed a couple of more towels and wrapped them around her shoulders. “My name’s Will.”
“I’m Kara.” She said softly as she pulled the towels tighter around herself. “How did you do that?” She finally managed to ask.
Will laughed. “You really are new, aren’t you? Well, it’s difficult to explain but if you’re here then I’m sure you will be doing some incredible things yourself before you know it. Would you like me to show you around?” He asked with boyish charm.
“I want to see my sister.” She replied.
“Ok, no problem. We’ll find your sister.” He said as he put on a pair of athletic pants and escorted Kara out the door.

Chapter 19
David
David sat on his hands in the back of the squad car as he stared through the metal grate as houses steadily went by. His face was expressionless as he thought about his life and how different things might have been had he made other choices. Through his fog of depression he heard the two redneck cops in the front seat cackle back and forth about him and other losers they had picked up like him. David began to notice that the houses they passed were getting more and more run-down. Bars began to appear on store windows and random graffiti art was displayed on nearly every sign and building. “Hey guys, are we lost?”
“Shut up!” The driver shouted.
David could feel himself beginning to sweat, in spite of the relatively cool temperature. He had been to the police station in this area more times than he’d like to admit, and this neighborhood was not even close to it. If we’re not going to the station, then where are we going? He thought to himself. 
Eventually, the car pulled to a stop in front of a house that looked to be abandoned. All the windows were broken out and replaced with plywood boards. The once white paint was severely chipped and faded to the point that it could easily pass for a haunted house. However, David noticed one thing about the house that looked out of place… the front door. The front door was very heavy and solid and looked new compared to the rest of the building with a heavy chain and padlock. The cops got out of the car and moved around to the door closest to him. As the pieces of the situation began to fall into place David whispered under his breath, “Oh my God.” 
The policemen opened the door and quickly grabbed David by the arms and pulled him out of the car. One man held David by interlocking his arms around his while the other pulled out a leather belt and looped it around his head to form a gag. David struggled and thrashed. In spite of his sore muscles, he managed to lean back and kick the cop who was trying to gag him. Once he was on the ground he tried to crawl away but he was stopped cold by a hard nightstick blow to the knee. He screamed in pain. He felt several more blows across his legs and back. He felt the bitter taste of leather enter his mouth as they finally gagged him.
 “We got ourselves a feisty one!” One of the cops said as they stood him back up. All David could do was weakly moan through his bit as they dragged him into the house. His vision was blurry but he managed to make out a heavy gray security door inside the house which seemed to be his ultimate destination. They opened the door and threw David inside the room. With his hands still secured behind his back, David took a hard fall on his face. As he rolled over he tried to make a quick note of his surroundings. The room was completely bare, with only one boarded-up window and a single dog-bowl of water on the floor. 
“Welcome home.” One of the cops said as he leaned down to David’s face and began to whisper. “After we’re done with our shift, we’re going to come back and have a little chat with you. I hope you’re rested up by then cause you’ll need your strength.”
David looked up at his captors with pain and confusion in his eyes. “I don’t get it. What do you want with me?” He mumbled through his gag.
“If you have to ask that, then you’re dumber than I thought, freak.” He said as he stood up and left the room. 
David’s mouth went dry as he heard the lock clang into place and the room went dark. There was only one thought that continually repeated in David’s mind as he lay there on the cold bare floor with time as his only asset, Why is this happening to me? 
Chapter 20
Mary Elizabeth
Mary Elizabeth had been riding with Matthew for about two hours and hadn’t seen anything even remotely magical. The sun was strong in the sky and she found herself worrying about David again. “I wonder what sort of trouble he’s gotten into now.” She thought to herself. Her benevolent host was droning on about the “magic,” trying to explain how it worked. It sounded like a lot of Pagan/Wiccan dribble to her. He was saying something about how it’s not a magical “power”; it’s more like a magical “partnership” between the user and certain elements in nature. The more she listened to him, the more she regretted ever going back to that club. She began to wonder if the real reason she went back was that she secretly hoped that David would be there. 
All the buildings had disappeared nearly an hour prior and were replaced by sporadic farmhouses and seemingly endless acres of fields and woods. The sloping landscapes of corn, wheat and pine trees were beautiful but also filled Mary Elizabeth with a strong sense of unease. At this point, they were a good 50 miles away from anyone who knew her, and she snuck out that morning without telling anybody where she was going. She suddenly realized that, if she disappeared, no one would find her. “Where exactly are we going?” She asked as she tried her best to hide the nervous tone in her voice. 
“There’s a special place not far from here. It’s a place I like to come to when I want to re-establish my connection with nature. In fact, it’s the place where I first discovered my connection.” He said with a smile.
“Really?” She said with an obvious condescending tone. “And how did that happen?”
“Well, it was about 40 years ago. I was just a kid at the time, not more than 7 or 8. My parents and I were on a camping trip…”
Matthew loved camping! He loved the woods. He loved the smell of flowers and trees. Most of all, he loved the feeling of a fresh breeze on his face. He watched the fields and farms go by through the window as he got more and more excited. He knew his parent’s cabin wasn’t far away because they take trips up there at least two or three times a year. However, this trip was special cause it was Matthew’s birthday weekend and his dad promised to finally teach him how to deer hunt. Matthew looked at the dark clouds that hung low on the horizon and began to worry. “Mom, do you think it’ll rain tonight?” He asked.
His mother turned around from the passenger seat. “The news said there’s supposed to be bad storms tonight, so we’ll probably stay in just to be safe and get an early start tomorrow.”
“Ok.” He shrugged with disappointment. Upon arrival, he helped his parents put away their groceries, set up the beds and get settled in for the night. As his mother tucked him into bed he could already hear the thunder and rain outside.”
“Don’t worry, sweetie.” She said. “The storm can’t hurt you. Just get some rest. And I’ll see you in the morning.” She said as she kissed him goodnight.
For Matthew, sleep was not an option. He was not at all afraid of the storm. He was fascinated by it. He crept over to the window to peek through the curtains at the bending trees and sky-splitting lightning. Eventually, the sounds of the storm did lull him to sleep, although it was short-lived. 
Matthew was roused by the frantic cries of his mother telling him that he had to get up right away and follow her. He tried to ask what was happening but she just kept repeating that they had to go right away. She pulled him out the front door holding onto his hand as though her life depended on it. Matthew saw his father struggling to open the storm cellar door.
“Come on!” He yelled. “Hurry up! It’ll be here any minute!”
Tree branches and debris littered the property. There were objects in front of their house that had to have been from two or three miles away. Matthew felt the strength of the wind. It was like nothing he had ever imagined. He felt as if any moment it would simply lift him off the ground. In her panic, his mother ran so fast that it was all Matthew could do just to keep up, even with her holding onto him. When they finally got to the cellar, the door still wasn’t open.
“What’s wrong? Why isn’t the door open?” She yelled.
“I don’t know. I think maybe the hinge is rusted.” He frantically replied. 
Matthew could feel the wind getting stronger and stronger as his parents desperately pried at the door to open it. Unnoticed by his parents, Matthew turned around to face the storm. He walked calmly toward it for about ten steps. At the last moment he heard the sounds of his mother calling for him, but she sounded very far away, so he didn’t try to reply. Instead, he focused on the storm, and specifically, the wind. He raised a single hand in front of him, as if he were warding off a bully. 
“You’re scaring my mommy!” He called out. “Go away!” 
The storm, the rain and even the thunder and lightning were not at all affected, but at that precise moment, the wind ceased and the air became deathly still. Matthew calmly put his hand down and walked back to his mother who was standing in the rain like a stone statue. He took his mother’s hand and looked up at her. “It’s ok, Mommy. I stopped it.” He said. “We can go back to bed now.”
“My mother must have told me that story a thousand times when I was growing up.” Matthew said with a laugh. 
“Wow. That’s quite a story.” She said with a fake smile.
“You don’t believe a word of it, do you?” He said with a clever smirk.
“I think there’s a cluster of truth to it, but I don’t believe that just because the storm died down at that moment that means you caused it to happen.”
“I knew you’d say that, everybody does, but you’ll believe. Trust me, you’ll believe.”

Chapter 21
Tatsuo
Tatsuo left Kara in the hallway and entered the elevator. As he made his way back up to the fortieth floor he replayed the encounter with the strange car in his head. He hadn’t noticed any markings but whoever was driving clearly knew what they were doing. Tatsuo needed answers, and he knew exactly where to get them.
He got off the elevator and moved toward Mr. Morgan’s office with a sense of purpose. He flung open the glass door leading to the foyer and pushed passed the receptionist without so much as looking at her. She tried to get in front of him but he kicked in Morgan’s heavy office door which caused the wood around the handle to splinter as it flew open. 
She quickly got on the phone and started to call security but Mr. Morgan calmly put up his hand to halt her from behind his desk. 
Tatsuo glared in his direction with his heart pounding and his breath heavy.
Morgan slowly stood up and motioned to the chair in front of him. “Won’t you sit down?”
Tatsuo could feel his muscles tense up with agitation toward the man but he forced himself to have a seat, never taking his eyes off him.
Morgan sat down and leaned back in his chair. “So it looks like you have something you want to talk with me about.”
“Someone knew I was there! They followed me and I almost crashed the car trying to lose them!” 
“Well, I’m sorry to hear that. Maybe you’re losing your touch.”
Tatsuo slammed his fist against the desk as he leaned forward. “Let me tell you something. I think you know exactly who was in the car and I think you told them I was coming. I swear if I find out you’re trying to set me up you’ll wake up one night with a blade through your heart.”
The phone rang as Tatsuo was finishing his sentence. “Excuse me one moment, please.” He said as he picked up the phone. After a brief conversation he hung up and turned his attention back to Tatsuo who looked as though fire might spit from his mouth at any moment. “Well, if you’re finished here I just got a notification that there is a problem with one of our new guests in the infirmary. I suggest you go check on that.”
Tatsuo gritted his teeth with frustration and turned and walked out of the office without saying a word. When he got to the hallway, out of earshot, he got out his phone and quickly dialed a number. It rang and after a moment went to voicemail. “It’s me. Listen, we need to talk. Something’s not right here. Call me back right away.” 
Tatsuo hurried downstairs toward the infirmary. As he briskly walked, so as not to attract too much attention, he really couldn’t say he was surprised. Many newcomers have trouble adjusting at first, and that can lead to property damage or even injuries, but that really just comes with the territory.
Tatsuo slowed his pace as he neared the final set of doors to the main clinic area and was startled to see them fly open as the body of a security guard was propelled through them as though he were shot out of a cannon. He knelt down to examine the fallen officer and immediately noticed a wide, circular hole burned into his torso. “Dear god!” Tatsuo exclaimed as he ran inside to further investigate the situation. He saw a large group of security and medical staff huddled near a corner which led to one of the exam rooms. 
Down the hall a female voice shrieked as yellow blasts of energy shot mercilessly in their direction. “LEAVE ME ALONE!” The voice screamed repeatedly. 
Tatsuo grabbed the nearest security guard and asked what was happening. He explained that the medics were just trying to start an I.V. and the patient went nuts. Apparently she managed to kill three of the medical staff before they could clear the room and had injured another two security guards since then. Tatsuo peeked around the corner and saw something that he could not believe. Sara, who just a short while ago had seemed so fragile and scared, was burning with an intense gold energy that completely engulfed her. Rays of light swirled around her from every source in the room as she caught them with her hands and projected them forward with a force easily a hundred times that of any bullet. “Jesus Christ, a light user.” Tatsuo muttered as he rested his head on the wall in disbelief.
“What was that?” A guard asked.
“Nothing.” Tatsuo answered. “I need the lights in this hallway turned off right away.”
“What?” The same guard cried.
“Do what he says!” The head guard ordered and in a matter of moments the rows of light in the hallway began to click off leaving them shrouded in the shadows that most men feared but were a safe haven to Tatsuo. The rays of energy coming off Sara looked even more brilliant in the dark. Searing yellow beams shot past his head over and over again as he cautiously examined Sara’s room for an entry point. Intensified light basked over nearly every surface, but after a few moments he noticed the screen in the back corner, the changing area. 
“That’s it.” He stated to himself. He closed his eyes and focused on the shadows around him and envisioned he was crouched low in that back corner. He could hear the screams of Sara and the frightened chatter of the guards grow more and more faint every second. When he reopened his eyes he could see Sara’s brilliant aura through the cloth screen. Her relentless attacks hadn’t lost a bit of steam since he had arrived. He quietly crept out of the shadows and reached for his dagger. The entire room was bathed in gold and yellow light so there was literally no place for him to hide. He’d have to do this as quickly as possible. He crouched low and suddenly sprung like a tiger toward the first overhead light slicing through it with ease. Sparks flew as the light fixtures exploded with a beautiful mix of glass and stray electricity.
Sara turned to face her invader. “Go away!” She bellowed like a demon from the underworld as she focused another light beam in Tatsuo’s direction. He quickly back flipped to avoid the attack. She shot two more beams from either hand. Utilizing his highly tuned reflexes, he quickly leaped and twisted his body around the first beam and brought up the blade of his dagger to redirect the second burning a hole in the wall behind her. 
“Sara, calm down! I’m trying to help you!” He pleaded.
“You said I could trust you! YOU’RE A LIAR!” She screamed as she fired again. 
Tatsuo weaved through a few more of her blasts but felt the intense burn in his right shoulder as one of her rays finally caught him. The impact was far greater than he anticipated. It threw him back against the wall and the impact on his head left him stunned and dizzy as he slid to the floor. Through his unfocused eyes Sara looked like a mythological goddess as she approached him. “Sara, please…” He weakly said.
Sara walked toward him and Tatsuo could see all the pain and anger in her bruised face. “I will never be a victim again.” She stated as she raised her hand to gather her energy for the killing blow. Just when Tatsuo thought he was finished, another familiar voice echoed from down the hall.
“Sara! Sara!” The voice called. Sara looked over her shoulder and almost immediately her aura dissipated along with streams of light energy surrounding her. Tatsuo recognized Kara right away as she entered the room. “Sara, what are you doing?”
“Kara…” She began as the tears began to flow once again. “I don’t know. What’s happening to me?” She cried as she hugged her sister. Tatsuo saw his opportunity and quickly turned off the remaining lights in the room. As soon as that was done, security rushed in and separated the twins. Both Sara and Kara screamed and struggled. Guards swarmed around Sara and had her shackled almost instantly. Kara shouted obscenities in droves at the guards in an attempt to intimidate them.
“What should we do with her?” The guards asked.
Tatsuo nursed his shoulder as he calmly walked in the middle of the steadily calming fray. “Take her to a holding cell. Keep it dark, emergency lighting only.” He ordered as the men carried out his commands.
“What the hell is going on?” Kara demanded.
“I’m sorry, but this is for her own safety. Right now she’s a danger to herself and everyone around her.”
“You’re full of shit! I want my sister released and I want out of here right now!”
“I’m afraid I can’t allow that, Kara. You both would be in great danger out there on your own.”
“We’ll take our chances. Let us go!”
“You don’t understand, Kara.” He said as the remaining guards closed in on her. “I can’t allow you to leave. I’m under orders” The guards grabbed her and lifted her up to their chest as though she were a large sack of potatoes. “Take her to the holding floor as well, sound proof.”
“You bastard!” she yelled as they began to carry her away. “You promised we’d be safe! YOU PROMISED WE’D BE SAFE!!!” Tatsuo listened as her desperate cries grew fainter and eventually dissipated into a soft echo. 

Chapter 22
David
David had no idea how long he had been lying there, but it felt like days. His room was completely sealed so that not even a shred of light could penetrate its barriers. At first David contemplated escape, but that notion didn’t last long. He was tightly bound at his hands and feet and was barely even able to roll over, let alone stand up. Whoever his captors were, they knew what they were doing. The pressure of the cold, hard floor burned against his numb limbs. Tiny pins and needles pricked his skin in a million different places. His dry, course tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth as if it were filled with peanut butter. David was experiencing a level of pain far beyond anything he had ever dreamed, and the worst part was that he felt the worst was yet to come.
David tried to close his eyes and sleep with no success. Eventually the eerie silence was broken by the sound of a car outside. With his other senses rendered useless, David found that his hearing was frighteningly amplified. He heard the car pull up in front of the house and stop. There was indistinct chattering as car doors opened and shut. He recognized the voices of his two kidnappers, but there was a third voice. This voice was very different. The voice was undoubtedly female and had an air of superior intelligence about it. The chattering became clearer as the group entered the house.
“Are you sure?” She said. “You saw it for yourself?”
“We sure did!” A male voice confirmed. “It was the damndest thing I ever saw! He’s gotta be one of ‘em!” The voices continued to talk back and forth as noises that sounded like furniture being moved got increasingly louder to the point that David could no longer understand their conversation. 
After a few minutes the door swung open suddenly as the group rushed in and grabbed David by his shoulders to pick him up off the floor. David’s eyes tried to adjust, but everything seemed to be moving so fast that it all appeared as one large blur of activity. He felt the warm and painful rush of blood returning to his limbs as they stood him up. He felt the hard impact as he was thrown into a heavy wooden chair. His hands were untied and then secured to the sturdy arms of the chair and his feet were quickly lashed to the legs by one of the cops. Suddenly David was blinded once again when a painfully bright lamp was placed in front of him and shined directly in his face like something out of an old gangster movie. David tried to scream, but his mouth was so dry all that escaped were low rasps. Once he was secured in place the activity ceased and the two men stepped aside. From beyond the blinding light, the female voice spoke again. 
“This is it? He doesn’t look like much to me.” She said.
“I’m telling you! This skinny motherfucker knocked a guy out cold that was three times his size with one punch! No normal human could do that.” The other cop explained. 
“We’ll see, won’t we?” She said as she slowly walked closer to David. “Remove his gag and give him some water. My questions are useless if he can’t speak loud enough to answer.”
The goons roughly snatched the wet leather from David’s mouth and put a full cup of lukewarm water to his lips and began to pour. The water tasted metallic and stale like water straight from a garden hose but his mouth sucked it down as if it were the finest wine in the world. After coughing up the few drops that tried to go into his lungs, David finally managed to get out a sentence.
“Who are you people?” David said as his eyes started to come into focus enough to see at least certain details of his surroundings. He could see the two cops standing in the corner to his right with their arms crossed, as if awaiting orders. The tall lamp obscured almost everything in front of him, however he could see a silhouette of the mysterious woman that accompanied the policemen. She was somewhat tall, or at least she appeared that way from his chair and she had her hair pulled back in a tight bun. In a strange way, she reminded David of his high school librarian that always hated him, but he had a feeling that her questions would have nothing to do with overdue books.
“Who we are is of no consequence to you at this time.” She said coldly as she examined some sort of instrument in front of her.
“You can’t just keep me here. I have rights.” David stated as strongly as he could, under the circumstances.
The woman laughed in a smug manner that didn’t really surprise David, but somehow made him very nervous. She turned toward him and slowly walked in his direction revealing her face. She was obviously a professional, of what David was afraid to ask at this point. Her body was long and slender and she wore a grey business suit with a matching skirt cut below the knee. Her thin, rectangular black frame glasses put the finishing touches on her deceptively ordinary façade, but there was something about her, something not quite right. “Your rights don’t exist in this room, Mr. Garrett.”
David was dumbfounded by her response. “What are you talking about?” David yelled as his eyes finally focused enough to recognize what she had been tinkering with this whole time. In her hands was one end of a set of old jumper cables which ran back to a stack of car batteries strapped to a dolly that appeared to be daisy-chained together. He felt a single bead of sweat form at his temple and roll down the side of his face.
“Well we have reason to believe you have information that we need” She said calmly.
David felt a huge lump form in his throat. “Look, there’s obviously been some kind of mistake. I’m nobody. I’m nothing. I- I don’t even have a place to live right now!” He pleaded.
“While I do sympathize, I honestly don’t think you’ll have to worry about that after today.” She said as she motioned for one of the cops to bring the dolly with the batteries closer and clamped one of the cable ends to David’s right hand. David began to breathe heavily as his heart started to race. “Now, we’re going to ask you a series of questions. If you’re honest, then this process will be much quicker and much easier on you. If you lie, then there will be consequences, and you won’t like them.” She turned and nodded to the other officer who quickly got down and snatched David’s shoes off his feet and then dumped a large bucket of water in the floor beneath him. 
“Jesus Christ!” David cried as the cold water hit him.
“I hope you’re not counting on him to save you. First question: how many users are you working with?”
“What? I don’t know what you’re talking about!” He pleaded.
“Incorrect.” She said as she clamped the other end to David’s left hand. David felt his whole body tense at once, like a giant muscle spasm. Pain shot through his body. His teeth chattered as his jaw shook uncontrollably. After a few moments, which seemed like an eternity, she removed the clamp and David felt his body suddenly relax. 
“Stop! Stop! What do you want from me?”
“I already told you, David. I just want a few honest answers. Now, let’s try this again. How many users are you working with?”
“I don’t know what you’re…” As David spoke, he saw her bring the clamp toward his hand once again. “No! NO!!!!” He yelled as he felt the electrified metal touch his hand again. 
Chapter 23
Mary Elizabeth
After spending nearly the whole day with Matthew, and having her opinion of his level of sanity go back and forth several times, they seemed to finally reach their destination, an old farm house in the middle of the country. In spite of her frustration with the whole situation she had to admit that the house was beautiful. It was an old rustic-looking log cabin that looked like something out of Little House On The Prairie.  
“So, why exactly are we here?” She asked as they pulled into the long driveway. 
“This is the place I told you about where I first discovered my connection. Hopefully you’ll realize yours here too.”
Mary Elizabeth rolled her eyes in annoyance. “Ok, so what do we do now? Stand in a circle and chant to the Earth Mother?” She asked sarcastically. 
Matthew couldn’t help but laugh as he got out of the car. “Hardly. First thing on the agenda is to have a nice dinner and settle in for the night and we’ll get an early start in the morning.” He said with a smile.
“OH HELL NO!” She exclaimed in her best street accent. You’ve dragged me around all day talking my ear off about this stupid magic of yours promising that I’ll see something amazing that will make me believe. Well, you’re right I do believe. I believe you’re insane! And I believe I’m about two seconds away from calling the cops and reporting myself kidnapped if you don’t give me a reason not to!” 
“Ok, ok, just calm down. I was really hoping to build up my strength first, but if you insist. Follow me.” He said as he motioned for her to follow him as he began walking across his field.”
“Where are we going now?”
“About a mile across this field is a small chasm with a river running through it. It’s no grand canyon, but it’ll make for a suitable demonstration.”
“A demonstration of what?” She cried out.
Matthew looked over his shoulder. “I could tell you, but you wouldn’t believe me anyway. You have to see for yourself.”
“I am getting really tired of your cryptic bullshit.” She said as she grudgingly followed.
“Do you pray with that mouth, Sister?”
“Fuck you.”

Chapter 24
Kara
Kara pounded her fists against her cell door as she screamed to be released. Locked up twice in two days. Even for me, that’s a record! She thought to herself. 
She tried to calm herself down and take an inventory of her surroundings. The room was bare and white and looked a lot like the typical “padded rooms” she had seen in movies. She had a bed with no sheets, a sink and a toilet. She couldn’t find a single thing that could help her escape. I have to get to Sara. We have to get out of here! She thought repeatedly. She sat down on the bed. She thought back to the night before in her last cell. She thought back to the moment her cell door exploded to try and figure out what happened. It was all so confusing to her. In her mind the events ran together like a crazy dream. “How did it happen? What did I do?” She asked herself. 
“I was scared. I knew Sara was in trouble and I had to help her, but the guard wouldn’t listen. I knew I had to get out of the cell. I was so mad. I-I… screamed. I screamed and then it happened. Maybe that was it.” She said to herself as she stood up and faced her cell door. She found it to be a very strange feeling to suddenly be afraid of her own voice. She braced herself. 
“Let me out!” She yelled, as nothing happened. 
She took a deep breath for another try. “LET ME OUT!” Still nothing. 
She popped her knuckles and loosened herself up for a third try. “LET ME OOOUUUTTTT!!!” She screamed with everything she had. As she held it she saw the door begin to vibrate until she finally fell to her knees exhausted and out of breath. She looked at the completely unscathed door. 
“This is going to be a long day.” She sighed.

Chapter 25
Tatsuo
Tatsuo was exhausted. He had been up all night and was in more pain than he had felt in a long while. As he nursed his burned shoulder he slowly slinked off to his room. In spite of the pain, he felt a sense of pride in his performance that day. He almost let his sympathy for the girls get the best of him, but he overcame it and did what he had to do. Now they were locked up safely and, as soon as they calmed down enough, they would begin their training.
 He carefully took off his shirt and fell back into his bed. As he stared at the ceiling he let the events of the morning replay in his head. I can’t believe she’s a light user. He thought to himself. There have been recorded users for almost every element in nature, but light was by far the rarest, and most powerful. “She could have blown a hole in the building if I hadn’t stopped her. I saved everyone in The Alliance today.” He said proudly to himself. As he drifted off to sleep he just couldn’t help thinking that there was more to this situation involving the strange car and the fact that both sisters have such immense powers. 
“There’s something Morgan’s not telling me.”   

Chapter 26
David
During torture, or as his esteemed hosts called it “interrogation,” people seem to lose all sense of time. Seconds feel like minutes and minutes feel like hours. So, between being left on the floor all day and this, David wasn’t even certain what day it was anymore. Although, he did know that his captors had been with him for a pretty good while because he had already graduated from shock treatment to full on bludgeoning. David had heard stories about torture victims, or POWs eventually sustaining so much trauma that their pain receptors essentially shut down in order to spare the mind any further shock. As he watched the large fist of his male captor descend rapidly toward his face once again, he couldn’t help but wonder when that would be.
 David grunted as he felt the impact hard across his left eye and then again on his right cheek. During this process the woman stood off to the side as her assistants took turns working David’s face and mid-section. 
“Enough.”  David heard the woman finally say. 
The woman approached slowly and gently put her hand to David’s chin to lift up his face. David could feel his eyes beginning to swell already. “So Mr. Garrett, are you ready to answer my questions now?”
“Why don’t you just kill me already?” David groaned.
“Because I want to know who you are trying to protect. I want to know who they are, where they are and most importantly, I want to know what they are planning.”
David cracked a smile and began to laugh in the woman’s face.
“Is there something funny?”
“Of all the bad shit I’ve done over the years, I’m going to die because of some librarian’s paranoid delusions that have nothing to do with me!” He cackled. She slapped him hard across the face which made him laugh even harder.
“Get out of here!” She yelled at the men as her cool exterior began to fall away. She rushed them out the fortified door and quickly locked it behind them. She turned and approached David with a sense of urgency about her.
“Finally decided to do all the dirty work yourself?” He chuckled through his bloody lips.
Completely ignoring his question she slowly leaned toward him and lowered her eyes to meet his. “Listen to me very carefully.” She said as she gently put her hands on his hands. “There’s no reason for you to endure this. You can drop the act. I know who you really are.”
“What?”
“I wasn’t sure at first, but now I know for sure.” She said as she rested her hand on David’s leg. “I always knew I’d find you again, someday.”
“Look lady, I don’t know who you think I am, but you’ve got the wrong guy. I’ve never seen you before in my life.”
“That’s true. Not in this life.” She said with a slight smile
David cracked a smile and started laughing slightly which caused the woman to laugh softly as well. “Bitch, you are crazier than a bag full of cats!”
The woman’s expression immediately changed and she quickly slapped David hard across the face. 
The slap was much harder than what he was expecting. Everything in the room became hazy and for a moment the walls seemed to disappear and be replaced by grassy fields. A second harder slap from the other direction knocked his head to the side. He saw a flash of horses and men wearing armor. Nothing he saw made any sense.
After a moment he felt her grab his shirt and jolt him back to reality.
“I’m sure you think you’re helping these people but I don’t think you fully understand what you’re involved in. This is bigger than you, or me or anybody. A lot of lives may be at risk. We need to know what these users are planning and we know you have information that can help us. All you have to do is tell us what you know and we’ll release you.”
“Users? You mean that hippie asshole from the club?”
“Yes!” She replied as her eyes got wide with excitement. “You met with him? What did he tell you?”
David paused for a moment thinking about her offer, and then eventually nodded his head. “Come closer and I’ll tell you everything I know.” He whispered hoarsely. She leaned in closer and put her ear close to his lips. “Ok listen, he’s looking for something.” He started. 
“Yes, go on.” She encouraged. 
“There’s a sword, of Omens; it’s in the Castle Grayskull, but to get it you have to go through the broomcloset to the land of Narnia…” David was cut off when he felt a surprisingly stiff blow to his gut expel the air from his lungs.
“DO YOU THINK I’M JOKING WITH YOU?” She yelled as she grabbed his throat.
“Lady, I think this whole thing is a joke.” He choked out as he struggled for breath.
“TELL ME WHAT I WANT TO KNOW!” She screamed in his face as she tightened her grip.
David tensed his throat muscles drawing up the blood mixed mucus that was settling there and quickly spit it directly in her face. However, as he watched her reaction his smug, defiant smile began to vanish and was soon replaced by a look of honest terror. He suddenly felt her grip tighten even further to the point that he thought his windpipe would be crushed. He stared at her eyes as the pupils and irises disappeared leaving her eyes completely white and inhuman. 
“You fool!” Her voice echoed as if it were coming from the belly of a large beast of ancient folklore. “How dare you disrespect me!” She yelled as she released her grip and took a couple of steps away from his chair.
David coughed as he tried to regain his breath and saw the woman take something out of her pocket. She lifted her hand and flipped open a metal lighter and sparked it to life. 
 With a slight grin she blew into the fire as if she were blowing a kiss which, to David’s horror and amazement, caused the small fire to spread into an enormous plume which engulfed him. 
The immense heat and force of the fire column suddenly sent both him and his chair hurtling toward the back wall of the room. David felt the impact as his chair shattered and he was propelled straight through the wall. David tumbled into the grass and finally came to a stop as the flames extinguished. His head was spinning and he was completely disoriented. He managed to look up and saw that the two men had stormed back into the room after they heard the ruckus and were now coming to retrieve him. David forced himself to spring to his feet and try to run. He got a few steps and then tumbled to the ground again because of dizziness, but kept himself moving. 
“Hey stop!” He heard the men call from behind him. 
He finally got himself back up again and managed to get himself into a sprint. His vision was still somewhat blurry because of the swelling but at this point the last thing he was concerned with was what direction he was headed or who or what he ran into during his escape.
Before he knew it he felt the ground turn to asphalt beneath his feet and heard loud honking and screeching of brakes as he ran through the road. David’s adrenaline was pumping so high that all his injuries counted for nothing, at least for the moment. He pumped his legs as hard as he could and could feel the wind blowing in his face as he ran full speed down the street. Through the street noises he could still hear the two men yelling for him to stop and apparently were back to identifying themselves as police. David glanced back and saw that they were beginning to close in on him. He could feel his adrenaline starting to dissipate. Slowly the pain began to come back to his feet and legs as he felt himself slowing down. 
He knew he couldn’t run much longer so he began to look for another way out. There’s got to be something! He thought frantically. He suddenly heard a loud whistle and in a moment he recognized it. “A train!” He exclaimed. He looked ahead and saw the train tracks about a block ahead. He pushed himself to run as fast as he could toward the tracks and after a moment saw the train begin to cross the intersection. “I can make it! I can make it!” He kept saying to himself. He reached the train and began to run alongside of it to try to grab one of the cars, but the train seemed to be increasing speed. He kept pushing and pushing to try to catch it but kept falling further and further behind. He glanced over his shoulder and saw that, not only were the two “cops” closing in on him, but the end of the train was closing in as well. 
He reached out his hand to make one last desperate grab for anything attached to the train and noticed a strange white spark come from the car he was reaching for. As he continued to stretch that one spark soon became many sparks that seemed to almost link together and reach for his hand. David felt the warmth of the white light as it surrounded his hand and then suddenly pulled him off his feet and dragged him through the air beside the train. At first he struggled to release himself but then looked over his shoulder to see that the men were quickly disappearing in the distance and he realized that whatever this was, it obviously meant him no harm. With his heart pounding in his chest he did his best to relax and focus his attention on the strange light that still held his hand as if a parent were leading him to safety. He soon saw the light spread further down his arm and eventually begin to surround him entirely. As the warmth spread over his body David began to feel strange, as if he were a part of the train. He could feel the vibration in the wheels and the speed and power of the vehicle coursing through him. He couldn’t at all explain how this was happening but he couldn’t deny the fact that he was flying! 
David felt himself increase in speed and began swaying from side to side. As he tried to regain control he felt the hard impact as he collided with the side of the train and began to fall toward the speeding ground. In the few seconds he had, all David could do was wildly flail his arms to try keep himself airborne but was almost immediately greeted by the harsh gravel of the road. He rolled and tumbled uncontrollably until he finally came to a stop by smacking his head against a railroad crossing sign, then everything went black…

Chapter 27
Mary Elizabeth
Mary Elizabeth had walked across the dusty plain for nearly half an hour. The sun had almost completely set and she could see the last few rays of daylight were streaming their way across the fields lighting them as though they were on fire.  Shortly approaching she could see a wide gorge in the earth. She walked up to the edge and looked down. The crevice was relatively narrow but about 150 to 200 feet down with a ribbon of white water running across the bottom. She looked around and finally settled her eyes on Matthew who was checking a notification on his cell phone. 
“Well, I’m waiting.” She said impatiently.
Matthew laughed softly under his breath as he shook his head and put his phone away. “A beautiful sight like this and you can’t even take a moment to appreciate it, can you?”
Mary Elizabeth walked toward him in a deliberate fashion. “Look, I’m not here for the scenery! I let you drag me all the way out here because I’m looking for answers. You tell me that there’s something in this world. Something bigger than any individual. Something that we don’t even understand, but that you can prove it to me.”
“I can prove it to you.” He emphasized.
“Then do it! Right now!” She yelled. Matthew sighed as he turned away from the gorge and began to walk. “You’re leaving? Ha! I knew you were fake!” She exclaimed almost with a sense of joy.
“I’m not leaving.” He said as he turned around. “I just need a running start. I’m not as young as I used to be.”
“A running start for what?” She asked as her smile began to fade.
Matthew took a deep breath as he focused on the gentle breeze and the soft caress of the wind against his moistened face. “For this.” As Matthew finished his words he took off running toward the gorge at full speed.
Mary Elizabeth’s eyes grew wide as she realized what he was doing. “No! Stop! I believe you! I BELIEVE YOU!” She yelled. 
Matthew kept running and as he reached the edge he pushed off with all the momentum he had gathered. Mary Elizabeth’s heart stopped at that moment. All time seemed to freeze, yet at the same time events began to happen too fast for her to comprehend. 
She saw Matthew dive off the edge and spread out his arms as though he were a bird. She ran to the edge not knowing what she could do, if anything. In nearly that same moment, as Matthew promised, she saw something that she instantly knew would change her life forever. As Matthew held out his arms she saw him disappear into a cloud of violet color that seemed to soar with the wind. The wisps of color quickly made their way across the crevice until they finally converged on the other side to form back into Matthew. She could feel her mouth hanging wide open as she looked into his eyes. He was breathing heavily as if he had just run a marathon. Even from far away she could see a smile begin to come over his face.
 He put his hand to his mouth and called out, “So, do you believe me now?”  

Chapter 28
Ricky
Ricky climbed out from underneath the hot engine, his hands and face soiled with dirt and grease and his shirt soaked with sweat. He had been off work for two hours already, but he found that working on engines helped calm his nerves when he was worried, and right now he couldn’t remember a time when he had been this worried. He leaned over the edge of the exposed motor, and stared far off into space in deep thought. “I just don’t get it.” He said to himself. “Why was she arrested? There’s no way she could have caused that accident. She hadn’t even drank that much.” He slowly walked over to the drawers and began putting his tools away. “Then to kill a guard with a bomb and escape? This doesn’t make any sense!” He yelled as he threw his wrench against the wall.
After a moment he began to regain his composure. As he grabbed a rag and started to clean up, he heard his cell phone ring. He looked at his caller ID and it was an unknown number. He started to ignore it but something told him he should answer this. He hit the answer button and put the phone to his ear. “Hello” He said. Immediately he heard a frantic voice on the other end…
“Baby, it’s me! I’m in trouble!” She cried out.
“Oh my God, Kara is that you?”
“Just listen to me! I’m in trouble! You have to help me!”
“Just slow down, honey.” He tried to reason.
“I DON’T HAVE TIME TO SLOW DOWN! They’re coming for me!”
“Who’s coming? Where are you?
“I don’t know! They’ve kidnapped us! They’re holding us hostage!”
“Kara, you need to call the police. Where are you?” He insisted.
“They won’t help! You don’t understand!” As Ricky listened to her frantic cries for help he heard a commotion in the background that sounded like a loud impact and sounds of a struggle.
“Kara! Kara, are you there?” He called into the phone.
“Let me go, you bastard! Help! HELP US, PLEASE!!!” He heard her scream as the line went dead. He frantically tried to dial back the number but all he got was a recording saying his call could not be completed. He stared at the phone with his mouth hanging open in shock.
“What the fuck is going on here?” He asked himself.

Chapter 29
Kara
Kara had tried to blow down the door by screaming at it for over an hour till her voice was almost completely gone. Completely exhausted, and feeling like an idiot, she plopped down on the bed and stared at the ceiling trying to think of another way out. She felt herself trying to go to sleep but slapped herself hard across the face in effort to prevent it. “Wake up!” She yelled at herself in her hoarse voice. “Come on! Come on! THINK!” 
Kara racked her brain for the next few minutes desperately trying to find a solution to this seemingly impossible problem. “God, I need a cigarette so bad!” She cried into her pillow and then stopped. As if the proverbial light bulb had just went on she quickly reached down to her right foot and started digging in her sock. Eventually her hand emerged with a small disposable Bic. “Yes! My spare lighter!” She exclaimed. She looked up at the ceiling and saw a single sprinkler head. “A sprinkler means a fire alarm.” She said with a somewhat mischievous grin.
She quickly pulled the foam mattress off the bedframe and began tearing into the center of it. She pulled out the foam and created a kind of nest in the middle of the pad. Then she stood on the frame and firmly tied the bed sheet around the sprinkler head to keep it from actually spraying water. “This should work” She said as she got down. She got in a corner behind the door and held up a single piece of foam in front of her face. “This is a bad idea.” She said to herself as she lit the piece on fire and tossed it into the make-shift nest. The foam quickly caught and began to blaze. Before she knew it black smoke was rising to the ceiling as the temperature in the room began to rise. Her eyes and throat began to burn and she tried to cover her mouth but it didn’t help much. As the smoke filled the room she finally heard the piercing sound of the fire alarm and the sprinkler groaned and dripped as it struggled against the binding. 
Kara already began regretting this course of action as the smoke got thicker and thicker. She pinched her nose and put her face as close to the floor as she could to try to stay conscious. She stayed down there coughing for an eternity until the door finally swung open. 
She saw two guards with fire extinguishers rush in and begin spraying the mattress. Kara forced herself to her feet and held her breath to keep from giving her position away. She quickly grabbed the fire extinguisher from the first guard and buried it in his mid-section as hard she could. The unsuspecting man doubled over in pain and before the second could react she turned the spray on his face and tackled him out the door. 
The sprinklers were going full force in the hallway and water made the floor extremely slick. The guard slid to the wall and hit his head hard and Kara slipped and fell forward in the other direction. She coughed and coughed as she struggled to get up and catch her breath. The combination of the sound of the alarm and the driving force of the sprinklers was deafening. She quickly took the unconscious guard’s pistol and radio and jogged down the hallway. She had to move quickly but she also had to be careful. The alarm was still going off so there would still be a lot of activity, plus she had seen what Tatsuo was capable of. He could literally appear around any dark corner.
As she was moving down the flooded hallway she heard static from her radio as it came to life… “It was a false alarm.” A voice groaned out painfully. “It… was the girl. She was too fast for us. She got… away. We need help on the containment floor.” 
“Copy that.” Another voice responded. 
“Damn it! I’ve got to find Sara.” She said to herself. She tried to see who was in the other containment cells but they were completely sealed. She finally saw a set of elevators at the end of one of the halls. “If I can just get to a lower floor someone will help us. They can’t control the whole building, can they?” She asked herself as she ran toward them. She was almost there when she saw the elevators suddenly open to reveal a group of armed men. She tried to stop but the wet floor made her slide toward the elevator door. She immediately turned and began to run in the other direction as fast as she could. Over the water and alarms she heard one of the men command them to “Get her!” 
Her temples pounded with adrenaline as she turned the corner desperately looking for a way out only to come to another dead end. She ran into an office and quickly barricaded the door. “There’s got to be a way out!” She quickly looked around and found a phone on the desk. She immediately dialed the only number she could think of, her boyfriend Ricky. It was a frantic conversation and she tried desperately to make him understand, but before she knew it the guards had broken the door and had hold of her. She thrashed and kicked and finally managed to get free but they already had her cornered.
The guards approached her holding their weapons split evenly between Taser guns and pistols. The guards shouted for her to drop what she was holding and put her hands where they could see them. Kara stood there, once again feeling defeated. The guards repeated their commands as the sprinkler’s powerful spray turned into a slow dribble. 
Kara dropped the radio and her gun. The guard’s voices seemed to get far off as they continued to shout. She clinched her eyes shut wishing for a way out. “This is your last warning!” The lead guard shouted. She continued to hold her eyes closed.
 “Please.” She said to herself. “Please. I know you’re in there.” A single tear rolled down her cheek as she opened her eyes. After a moment her eyes refocused and she saw something amazing. All around her were these red circles of energy coming from the alarm speakers. With every piercing howl of the alarm came a new brilliant red blast of light, but the guards just stood their ground as if they didn’t even notice them. “Oh my God.” She softly spoke. “It’s sound. It’s so beautiful.” She slowly reached out her hand to touch the energy and found that it rolled across her hand like liquid.
The guards began looking at each other confused. “This bitch is crazy.” One of them said. “Take her down!” Another commanded.
Kara glared at them with a new confidence unlike any she had ever felt. “No!” With that she took the “sound” in her hand and threw it at the guard and gasped as she saw him fly backward like a bowling pin. Another guard moved in with his weapon but she grabbed it and twisted his arm away from her and blasted him in the chest throwing him violently against the wall. The others quickly turned and retreated toward the elevator calling into their radios for back-up.
Kara was breathing heavily, half with fear and half with excitement. “Why are you running?” She called after them. “After all… I’m just a little girl.” 

Chapter 30
Will
Will lifted his head out of the pool and rested his arms on the cool tile edge. He couldn’t sleep and he always found that being in the water relaxed him, except tonight. He didn’t think it was right what happened to the twins. They should have been allowed to leave if they wanted. Will has been living and working with The Alliance for nearly ten years; he was just a small boy when they found him. At the time, he didn’t have anything or anybody and it made him wonder if he could have refused their “kindness.” His unique ability to fuse with water made him a star amongst the other newcomers almost instantly. Almost every structure in the world has some kind of water pipe going to it which makes him perfect for infiltration. Even though he can’t “disappear” like his counterpart, Tatsuo, all he needs is a bathroom or a water fountain and he can be gone in a split second. 
Working together, he and Tatsuo became an unstoppable combination over the last few years breaking into seemingly impenetrable structures without even being noticed. Early on they swore to each other they would never cross the line. Infiltration and stealing secrets was one thing, but being paid to end someone’s life was something else entirely. They both said that the moment that was brought up they’d get out together, but over the past months he noticed a change. More and more they started taking Tatsuo aside for private “training” sessions and he would never talk about what went on in them, but he slowly became more distant, more unattached. 
Will tried to pretend like nothing had changed, but after the murder of Governor Johnson, and basically kidnapping two innocent girls and holding them against their will, he couldn’t ignore it any longer. He decided he had to do something. He pulled himself out of the pool and got dressed. As he walked toward Tatsuo’s room he began to play out the confrontation in his mind. As the scenarios played out one after another Will had an unsettling revelation, he was scared. Tatsuo was his best friend but Will had to admit to himself that he could no longer predict what he would do when confronted. “If he’s as far gone as I think, he could slit my throat just as easily as saying ‘hello’.” He said to himself.
However, as he was nearing his room he heard an alarm sound… “FIRE! FIRE! Containment level!”
 “Oh God, what now?” He exclaimed as he ran to the stairs. He was about four floors down but he could get there quickly, even without his abilities. After about two floors he heard the intercom again, but this time the announcement was different… “BREACH! Breach on containment level! Cancel fire alarm! All security to containment level immediately!”
Will stormed through the door just in time to see armed security guards running for the elevator down the hall yelling into their radios. He jumped back as he saw one guard thrown against the wall by a pulse of red energy. He looked down the hall and saw a young bruised up girl walking calmly in his direction. For a moment he thought that Sara had somehow escaped her cell, but as he looked more closely at her… “Kara?” He said with awe. “Kara, it’s me… Will.” He said as she threw her hand in his direction and Will felt a forceful slam against his chest which knocked him off his feet. “Kara, listen to me. You don’t know what you’re doing. We aren’t the bad guys here.” 
She threw her hand and once again he was thrown back even more forcefully.
 He heard the guards behind him preparing to open fire but he signaled them to stand down. He slowly picked himself up. “Now Kara, I don’t want to hurt you, but if you don’t stop you’re going to force me to defend myself.” 
When Kara heard that she stopped in her tracks. She lowered her eyes to him. “Bring it on, Aquaman.”
“Hmph, Aquaman. Now that’s one I’ve never heard before.” He said sarcastically. “I didn’t want to do this, but you leave me no choice.” Will closed his eyes and focused on the moisture all around him. He could feel the humidity in the air, the cold and hot water rushing through the pipes in the walls. 
Kara heard a groaning sound coming from the wall to her right. She could see Will becoming more and more tense as the groaning became louder. Soon tiny cracks formed along the wall. Suddenly a pipe burst through the drywall and hit her with a gush of water like a fire hose. The water stung her skin like a thousand bees as she struggled to maintain her footing. 
“You son of a bitch!” She yelled as she shielded her face. 
When she looked back down the hall she saw Will running at her full speed. He suddenly jumped and began to spread out and as he did his color washed out and he became translucent. Kara’s eyes got wide as she suddenly realized what was about to happen, but not with enough time to react. 
As soon as Will hit the spray of water coming from the pipe he formed himself into a swell that quickly engulfed the entire hallway. Kara felt the cold water sweep her off her feet. All sound and light became muffled as she became completely submerged. Suddenly she was disoriented and began to panic. She struggled against the water to find a way out. Just when she thought she was out of breath something caught her eye. She saw a strange glint of light in the water. She became scared as the light seemed to take shape and come closer to her. Eventually her eyes focused and she realized that the outline in the water was Will. She backed herself against the wall to get away but he came closer and held out his hand. She still didn’t trust him but she was about to die if she didn’t have help, so she reached out and grabbed it. Suddenly she felt a rush of oxygen to her lungs and after a moment she found that she was breathing normally under the water. She smiled nervously and Will smiled back.
“Can you hear me?” She heard him say without moving his lips.
“Yes, I can!” She said back without moving hers. “How are you doing this?”
Will laughed and she saw the air bubbles float from his mouth. “There’s so much we can teach you if you just give us a chance… if you just give me a chance.” He said as he took her other hand. “Please stay.”

Chapter 31
Mary Elizabeth
She and Matt walked back to the farmhouse in silence. She was still in complete shock. What she had just witnessed was completely impossible according to everything she was raised to believe, but it was real. She just saw a human being fly across a canyon on the breeze. This was no show or magic trick. He just did it, as naturally as breathing. As they neared the house a middle aged woman with short red hair came out and greeted them.
“Matt! I’m glad you’re finally here.” She said as she hugged him. “Is this the girl?” She said as she looked in Mary Elizabeth’s direction.
“Yeah this is her.” He said with a smile.
“Thank you so much for coming.” She said as she took Mary Elizabeth’s hand and shook it. “You know we can always use another life-user around.”
“Life-user?” She said as she turned to Matt with a confused look.
“I’ll explain that later but right now let’s get something to eat.” He said as he motioned her toward the door of the house.
“Oh yes, right this way. By the way, my name is Karen.” She said as she led Mary Elizabeth to the kitchen where many people in the house were making plates and setting up a long table for the meal. “We’re making tossed salad. Would you like some fresh tomato to go with it? We grow them ourselves.” 
“Um, yeah I guess.” Mary Elizabeth said as she struggled to maintain her composure. Karen thrust of small pot of dirt in her hands.
“Now just pick the one you want.” She said as she smiled.
Mary Elizabeth looked even more confused. “But there’s nothing there.”
Karen laughed. “Of course not. Not yet.” She said as she closed her eyes and slowly raised her hands around the pot of dirt. 
After a moment, Mary Elizabeth saw a small vine begin to poke out of the surface of the soil and then suddenly spring up like a magic beanstalk. The vine grew and wove around itself and soon small red buds formed on the ends of its stalks. The buds quickly grew and took the shape of firm, luscious red tomatoes as beautiful as any she had ever seen.
Karen opened her eyes and quickly plucked a ripe tomato off the plant and bit into it. “I like to eat them right off the vine.” She said as she laughed.
Mary Elizabeth looked at the plant and suddenly got very dizzy and began to feel as though she were floating to the ceiling. Soon she opened her eyes and found herself on the floor with Karen dabbing a warm rag on her forehead. For a moment she thought that the whole thing had been a dream but that notion quickly dissipated. She gasped in a moment of panic and quickly scooted herself toward the wall as Karen, Matt and several others tried to calm her.
“It’s ok. You just fainted.” Matt said as he reached out to her.
Mary Elizabeth slapped his hand away. “What the hell have you done to me?” She yelled.
“Nothing. You came to me looking for answers, remember?”
“I know, but I didn’t expect all this!” She began to cry into her hands. 
He put his hand on her shoulder to console her. “Come with me, Mary Elizabeth. There’s something I want to show you.” He said as he helped her up.
“I don’t think I can take any more surprises today.” She said as she followed him to a room in the back of the house. The room looked similar to his office in the club. It had a nice wooden desk and shelves of books but it also had a board with strange diagrams and drawings on it that she couldn’t make sense of. 
“Have a seat.” He said as he motioned to the chair in front of the desk. “Now I don’t have all the answers. No one does, but I’ll tell you what I do know.” He said as he removed a few books from his shelf and placed them on the desk in front of her.
“What’s this?”
“Are you familiar with Sumerian mythology?”
“Of course I am. It’s a required course at the convent.” She said as she rolled her eyes at him.
“Ok I’ll take that as a ‘no’.” He said as he opened the books. “Sumerian text is the oldest writings currently known to man and it contains incredible, albeit incomplete stories. Some of the stories speak of a race of people that came from the clouds known as Annunaki, or ‘sky people.’ Now, most people who study this mythology consider these to be just stories of invented gods, or maybe evidence of alien visitation in history, but through my own research I’ve uncovered much more than that.” He said as he flipped the pages.
“You see, this talks about humanity being at peace with each other and our planet before the ‘sky people’ came and their arrival led to a war.” Matt pointed to a picture of a man being embraced by a strange creature. “Most people look at this image and think that they were helping us but this actually depicts them joining with certain humans, like a parasite but instead of making them weaker it made them stronger.” 
“I don’t understand. What does any of this have to do with this magic you talk about?”
“Most historians believe that the Annunaki were after the gold our planet contained but that’s a mistranslation. They were after our ‘purity’ as they called it. It was our connection to the planet that they wanted, and that’s what the magic is. It is our connection to nature that everyone on earth is born with, but somehow everyone has just forgotten.”
“Before you mentioned people being chosen?”
“Everyone looks at this differently, but I believe that some people are destined to unlock the knowledge of this magic from within themselves, and others aren’t. Those that do I call ‘the chosen’.”
“Ok, so what happened next?”
“Well, that’s where things get hazy.” He said as he closed the book. “Unfortunately a lot of the tablets that have been found are broken and faded so we don’t have the whole story, and we may never have it, but I feel that those of us who unlock this connection have a responsibility to use it for the good of humanity, just like you do.”
She looked up when he said that.
“So you see, it doesn’t matter where you believe your ability to heal came from, as long as you use it to help people.”

Chapter 32
David
David opened his eyes expecting to see the familiar sights of the train tracks and the run-down buildings that he flew past just before he crashed and knocked himself out, but what he did see was far more unsettling. There was complete chaos everywhere. The inner city houses and buildings were somehow replaced by rolling green hills, tall trees and rocks. It would have been beautiful if not for the couple of hundred armored soldiers slaughtering each other in every direction. The armor looked like something out of middle-age Europe, or a King Arthur movie. Weapons were mostly large swords but he also spotted a few using spears, staffs, clubs and other archaic weaponry. 
David looked down and saw that he too was wearing a full set of battle armor and it was already splattered with dark red blood and an equally bloody broadsword laid off to the side of him. He tried to collect himself but suddenly he heard a horrible battle cry coming closer and closer. He looked up just in time to see a tall warrior swing a sword directly at his head. “Oh shit!” He yelled as he reacted. His armor was heavier than it looked but he still managed to roll out of the way.  As he rolled over his sword he grabbed it and put it up to block the next strike as he braced his back leg behind him. He jumped up to both feet and swung the sword overhead which his enemy blocked and that led to a fast exchange of blows which became more and more intense. In the heat of the battle David couldn’t help but notice how sharp his skills were. He had no idea where he was or what was going on, but somehow this all felt familiar, like he had done it all before. 
During the fight, David could feel himself being steadily backed up. The strength of his opponent was immense. When he stepped back again he felt his heel slip and quickly looked over his shoulder to see a tall cliff overlooking at least a 200ft drop. His sword locked with his enemy’s and they both looked over the edge. The warrior laughed. “This is the end of you.” She said as she reeled back for the finishing blow. David hesitated. He felt the impact of the weapon as it slammed into his chest armor and knocked him over the edge. He could hear the woman laughing as he fell. David positioned himself so that he was going headlong into his fall and straightened his body out like a dart. He closed his eyes and focused on the energy and speed being created by his fall. As he opened his eyes, about 50ft from the bottom, he could see a white trail of energy coming off his own body. He channeled the energy behind him and instantly picked up speed and leaned back and found himself gaining altitude. 
In seconds he shot back up out of the canyon toward the sky. He looked toward the ground and saw his opponent looking at him angrily. David locked the woman in his sight and accelerated as fast as he could. He saw the warrior brace herself and raise her sword as if she were playing baseball. David put his sword out in front of him and held it tight with both hands. At the last moment he ducked his head and tensed his body as much as he could for the ram attack. On impact his sword shattered and knocked the warrior back as least 20 or 30ft rolling end over end and he shot his energy forward with his hands to slow himself down.  
He stood up and watched his enemy roll to a stop and get up slowly. He started walking calmly toward her intent on finishing the fight. The woman glared at David and screamed with rage as she threw her helmet off and it wasn’t until this moment that David noticed that she looked just like the woman who had been torturing him. She looked off to the center of the battle and saw a small hut blazing with fire. David stopped as he saw her reach her arm toward the fire and began pulling the flames to herself as if she were their master. The flames encircled her faster and faster and soon the swell of fire grew to tremendous height. David looked up as the unnatural column of flame overshadowed him and his stomach sank as he saw the column begin to stretch out in four directions. The smaller columns of flame soon formed arms and legs and a monstrous head of fire emerged from the torso. The fire monster roared to the sky and stared down at David. 
“Fuck me.” David said under his breath in disbelief at what he was looking at. The monster opened its huge gaping jaws and spit a plume of fire in David’s direction. David was frozen as he saw the flames coming toward him…

“Mister, are you ok?” 
David awoke with a hard start. 
“Whoa! How did you do that?” A small voice asked.
David looked up and saw a small boy hovering over him. He was about 9 or 10 years old and had short dirty-blonde hair and a look on his face of total astonishment. “Do what?”
“You were flying!”
“Leave me alone, kid.” David said as he slowly got up. David had thought he was in pain the previous morning but that was nothing compared to the agony he was currently experiencing. 
“Are you a super-hero?” He asked as he walked next to David.
“Do I look like a fucking super-hero?” He replied. 
“Well, maybe you’re in disguise. If you are, it’s a really good disguise! I’d never think a hero would smell this bad!” 
David gave him a disgusted look and tried to walk faster to get away from him but couldn’t find the energy. 
“So what’s your hero name? My name’s Danny. Maybe I can be your sidekick.” 
David quickly whipped around to face him. “Look! I’m NOT a hero! I DON’T want a sidekick and I’m NOT looking for friends right now! So why don’t you just run home to your mommy?”
When David said that, Danny got really sad and looked toward the ground. “I don’t have a mommy.” He said.
“Then your daddy, or … whatever.”
Danny shook his head softly. “No daddy either.”
David got down on one knee in front of the boy. “Well, goddamn kid, who takes care of you?”
Danny shrugged his shoulders. “My sister usually gets me breakfast in the morning.”
“Ok, your sister then, where is she?”
“I went to see her this morning, but she wasn’t there.” He said as a tear rolled down his cheek. 
David felt himself getting very uncomfortable. Responsibility wasn’t exactly David’s strong suit and he didn’t like the idea of this kid falling into his lap. “You know, right now I’m lost too, so why don’t I keep you company till we find her?”
“Really?” Danny said as he looked up.
“Yeah, my name’s David.” He said as he held out his hand to the young boy.

Chapter 33
Detective Mitchell
Mitchell poured over files and reports on his desk as he looked at security cam footage of the time when the girls made their escape. The camera in Kara’s cell was knocked out in the explosion and coincidentally the one in Sara’s cell malfunctioned just before the escape took place. “This had to have been an inside job.” He said to himself as he made some notes. “But why? Why are these two punks so important?” 
He grabbed a stack of papers and walked down to Captain Beck’s office. “Evening, sir. I’ve got those reports you wanted.” He said as he handed the file folders over.
“Mitchell, I’m glad you came in. I wanted to talk with you.”
“Oh, about what, sir?”
“I want you off the Sangria case.” He said nonchalantly as he thumbed through the reports.
“What? I don’t understand. This is my case.” Mitchell argued.
“It was your case. I’ll be handling it personally from this point on.”
“Three policemen died in that escape! I will bring these girls in and see to it that they get prosecuted to the fullest extent!” 
“No, you will turn over all reports and evidence to me and I will handle it, Detective.” He said as he stood up to face him.
“Fine. Take it!” He yelled as he swept the papers off the Captain’s desk onto the floor and walked out.
This whole thing stinks of a cover up. I have to find those girls before someone else does, or I’ll never know what’s really going on. He thought as he got his phone and dialed Kara’s boyfriend. 
“This is Detective Mitchell. Is this Rick Englund?”
“Yeah, this is Ricky. I thought I answered all your questions. I told you I left her before the accident ever happened so I wasn’t even there.”
“Yes, I know but I was wondering if she has tried to contact you since her escape. Maybe she told you of some place she would go if she were ever in trouble?”
Ricky hesitated. “No, I haven’t heard from her.”
“Listen to me. She is a fugitive wanted in the connection of the deaths of three cops just during the escape alone. I need to find her, for her own safety.”
“What do you mean?” Ricky asked.
“Look, there’s something strange going on here. I think she may be in more trouble than you realize.”
Ricky sighed as he debated with himself. “Ok, she did call me, but I don’t know where she is. She was in a panic, and she said something about being kidnapped.”
“Kidnapped?”
“That’s what she said. Detective, I don’t think she left that jail willingly.”
“Ok, we can’t talk any more about this over the phone. Would you be willing to meet me?”
“Only if you promise me that you won’t harm her when you find her.”
“I promise I will do nothing to hurt her. I just want her brought to justice.” 

Chapter 34
Mary Elizabeth
It was dark by the time they drove up in front of her inner city church. However the long drive seemed to take no time at all because Mary Elizabeth spent the entire trip in extremely deep thought. Matt had managed to blow apart her entire world the day before. Everything she held to be true, all her assumptions about the world, spirituality and sheer reality had been flipped upside-down. Matt parked in front of the church and turned off the car. 
“Well, here we are.” He said. Mary Elizabeth looked solemnly on the building and felt as though she was looking into the eyes of her lover knowing she had been unfaithful. “Are you going to be ok?”
She laughed nervously. “Ok? I don’t even think I know what that is anymore. I knew yesterday, but now… now everything is different.” She cried as she put her face in her hands.
Matt gently put his hand on her shoulder. “I want you to remember something. You are the same person you were yesterday. All I did was open your eyes to some new information that I’m sure you already knew anyway, you just chose not to see it. Now that your eyes have been opened, what you choose to do from here is entirely your choice.”
Mary Elizabeth sobbed through her hands for a few moments and then took them away as she tried to regain her composure. “My choice.” She said as she nodded in understanding. “Thank you… for everything.” She said as she got out of the car. 
She stood in front of the church and hesitated. For a moment she felt as though she were not worthy to enter anymore, like she was a part of the sinful scum she had despised so much. She slowly crept inside and almost laughed when she realized that this was much the same way that David entered the church just a couple of days prior.
Mary Elizabeth went to her room and saw her Bible and Rosary lying on her pillow, exactly where she had left them. She picked them up and immediately fell to her knees and began to pray. “Please God, I’m so confused. Please show me the path I should follow. Please.”

Chapter 35
Will and Kara
Will stepped out of the shower and began to towel himself off in front of the bathroom mirror. He hardly slept at all last night between worrying about his friend Tatsuo and the confrontation with Kara that nearly got him killed. Thankfully no one was seriously hurt in the scuffle, but he knew he would be a dead man anyway when the upper managers saw the damage report. He got dressed in his button-up shirt and khaki pants and walked out of his bathroom and looked to his bed with the bruised angel that was Kara fast asleep in it. He couldn’t bear to send her back to the cells as scared as she was so he let her stay in his room, and of course he slept on the floor. He had to admit that she was gorgeous but he wouldn’t dream of being anything less than a perfect gentleman to her. He sat down on the bed next to her and she stirred slightly. He smiled and gently shook her shoulder. “Kara. Kara it’s morning.”
She woke up with a start but he immediately reassured her where she was and that everything was alright. “Oh god, I must have just passed out last night.” She groaned as she laid her head back down on the pillow.
Will laughed slightly. “Yeah, pretty much. I’ve got clothes for you to change into. We have a busy day ahead of us.”
“My sister. What about Sara?”
“She stayed in the holding cell last night without incident. I’m really sorry about that but that was quite a display of power she demonstrated from what I saw so that was for her safety and ours.”
“I don’t understand. Sara would never even hurt a fly. It’s just not like her.” Kara said as she sat up.
“Well I don’t know all the details about what happened to you both but I do know that it must have been very traumatic and that can change a person, sometimes overnight. Hopefully she’s calmed down by now so we’re going to go get her as soon as you’re ready.”
As soon as Kara heard that she jumped out of bed and changed her clothes. They took the elevator back up to the holding floor. When they got out they saw a cleaning crew trying to mop up all the water and repair the damage that Will caused with his tidal wave. Soon they came to Sara’s room, which was only a couple of halls down from where Kara had been.
“Damn, I was closer to finding her than I thought.” She said.
Will didn’t respond to her but instead opened a small sliding hatch on Sara’s cell door that revealed a kind of speaker. Will leaned in toward it. “Sara? Are you ok?”
Will heard no response and the only sound was a slight whimper coming from the back of the room. He slid the hatch closed and looked at Kara. “Something’s wrong here.” He said.
“She doesn’t know who to trust right now. Let me open the door. I should be the first person she sees so she knows she’s safe.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.” He said as he handed her the key.
Kara took the key and slid the key card through the slot and moments later heard the click of the door lock. As she opened the door the light from the hallway began to creep into the cell.
Will watched as the sliver of light became almost like liquid and seemed to get pulled into the door by an unseen force. His eyes grew wide as he suddenly realized what was happening. “Look out!” He yelled as he pushed Kara out from in front of the door just as a huge explosion of light blew the heavy door clear off its hinges and with it threw Will hard into the adjacent wall. 
Will looked up in time to see Sara walking slowly out of the cell. As she walked, beams of light from every fixture in the hall streamed toward her like comets encircling a star. The energy coursing through her body was so high that it made her hair stand on end, but the most incredible thing was her eyes… which were solid white. After years of being surrounded by people who could manipulate nearly everything in nature from rock to fire and everything in between, he thought nothing could surprise him anymore, let alone scare him, but right now he was more terrified than words could express. 
He saw her narrow her eyes at him and shoot her slender hand in his direction sending with it a laser-like projectile of light that exploded on impact near him like a small grenade. He hurried to Kara and grabbed her arm. “Get up! We have to hurry!”
Sara’s face curled in fury upon seeing him touch her. “Get your hands off my sister!” She bellowed as she put her hands out in front of her as though she were holding an invisible ball which quickly filled with glowing gold energy. The ball of light quickly left her hands and impacted near Will and Kara with tremendous force. 
Will quickly shielded Kara and pushed her out of harm’s way again. Kara struggled to get loose. Will tried to hold her but she elbowed him in the stomach and ran to Sara. Kara stood in front of her and awed at her spectral-like appearance.
“Sara, what’s happened to you?” She said with disbelief.
Sara paused and gently tilted her head to the side as she looked at her twin sister. When she finally spoke, her voice echoed eerily through the hall. “I’ve been freed, Kara. This is who I am now. This is who I was always meant to be.” She extended her hand to Kara. “Come with me and we’ll go home. No one will ever hurt us again.”
Kara looked at her hand uncomfortably as if she were being faced with the Devil trying to strike a deal. “Sara, look….” As she began speaking, Sara’s smile began to fade. “There’s something wrong. You need help. Let me help you, please.” She pleaded.
Sara’s lips curled with anger. “You’re with them.” She growled.
“No I’m not!” She exclaimed. “I’m with you, but you need help! Please. I love you and I’m here for you.” She said as she tried to move closer to Sara, but Sara shied away like an abused dog.
“No.” She said as she gritted her teeth with anger. “You want to control me.”
“Control you? No, I want you to control yourself.”
“You want the control, you can’t HAVE IT!!” She said as she threw her arms out to her sides sending a huge explosion of light energy in every direction which slammed into Kara and Will and sent them tumbling down the hallway then bouncing off the wall like they were rag dolls.
“Well, I think it’s safe to say she hasn’t calmed down yet.” Will groaned as he lifted his head off the floor. 
“No shit.” Kara muttered painfully. She was severely stunned and the room looked as though it were spinning. Her eyes finally focused on Sara who was slowly approaching them drawing more and more light to her body. Kara saw something near her on the ground. It took her a moment to realize that it was her iPod. Her eyes went wide as she realized what she was really looking at… a source of power.
She quickly snatched the player and slowly stood up, never taking her eyes off her sister. She slowly unraveled the earbuds and turned the power on. She looked up and saw that her sister had stopped walking. They both narrowed their eyes at each other with a devilish smirk on their faces. They both knew what was about to happen.
“Kara what are you doing?” Will called out. “We need to get out of here!” 
Kara casually looked over her shoulder as she put the earbuds in place and set the song to Down with the Sickness by Disturbed. “I’m about to kick my sister’s ass. You might wanna back up.” She locked eyes with her sister and slowly pressed play. As soon as she heard the rhythmic pounding of the drums she could feel the energy begin to vibrate through her entire body. She closed her eyes for a moment and focused on the sound of the music as it swelled louder and louder.
Wakakakaka!
Kara opened her eyes and saw the pulsing red energy surrounding her with every beat of the music. She took a running start at Sara and swung her fist as hard as she could. With a bright flash Sara disappeared into a light fixture above Kara and then was suddenly behind her. 
Drowning deep in my sea of loathing
Broken your servant I kneel
Will you give into me?
Sara swung her fist hard but Kara quickly ducked forcing her to miss. In the split second that Sara was off balance, Kara shoved her but found that the energy she was emitting made her push much stronger than she expected and Sara slid about six feet across the floor before she finally stopped. 
It seems what's left of my human side
Is slowly changing in me
Will you give into me?
Sara looked up from the floor with pure hate in her eyes at her sister. Suddenly she jumped up and with a flash vanished into the fluorescent light fixture again and with a rain of sparks reappeared and kicked Kara hard in the chest. Kara fell back to the floor as the heavy blow knocked the breath out of her.
Looking at my own reflection
When suddenly it changes
Violently it changes
As Kara laid on the floor struggling to breathe she saw Sara slowly approaching and in that moment she suddenly realized the true gravity of this situation. Sara wasn’t just upset; she was out of her mind. And Sara wasn’t fighting her; she was trying to kill her!
There is no turning back now
You've woken up the demon in me
Sara stood like a statue. Her hair flailing in every direction from the immense energy coursing through her body and her eyes still glowing white like stars. She raised her hand and began drawing streams of light to it which encircled her hand and quickly came together to form a larger ball of glowing energy that pulsed with explosive potential. 
Kara couldn’t believe what she was seeing and she had never been more terrified of anyone, let alone her own sister. “Sara, listen to me.” She said as she tried to back away, still on the floor. “You don’t want to do this.”
“This is the end, sister.” She replied in the calmest of voices. “I love you.” With that she threw her hand releasing the energy in Kara’s direction.
Kara instinctively threw her right hand up which resulted in a blinding flash of light that stunned them both. For a moment all Kara could see was a giant spot where the flash was but as she struggled to clear her vision she saw that Sara’s eyes were still covered. Kara saw her chance to end this and quickly got to her feet. She knelt down and tried to focus all the energy she could into her arms. She felt the power building until she finally released it and the energy from the sound waves carried her forward with a sudden burst of speed that drove both her fists deep into her sister’s chest throwing her hard against the wall. Sara’s head bounced off the flat surface leaving a crescent-like crack as she slumped to the floor, motionless.
Kara’s hands shook from the overload of adrenaline. Her heart felt as though it would explode at any moment and her lungs filled and expelled with every breath. After a few moments Sara still wasn’t moving. Kara knelt down next to her and touched her shoulder. “Sara. Sara!” She said as she tried to rouse her.
Will had been watching the entire time. He had never seen anything like that before, especially out of users who hadn’t even been trained yet. All of a sudden he had a tremendous respect for the power he was looking at. Either of them apart would be a tremendous challenge for him or any of his peers to put down, but together… together they could be unstoppable. “Kara.” He said as he slowly approached.
Kara instinctively threw her hand in Will’s direction. Her fingertips glowed red ready to defend against danger.
Will quickly put his hands up. “Whoa! It’s me!” 
Kara relaxed her hand and pulled her earbuds out as the energy surrounding her finally dissipated. “I think she’s hurt, Will.”
Will knelt down next to her and felt Sara’s neck. “She has a good pulse. I think she’s just knocked out.”
“What the hell happened to her?” 
“I’m not sure. I’ve never seen anything quite like this. Most u sers take years to wield the kind of power that she was. I’m actually amazed she didn’t kill herself.” He responded.
“What are we going to do? You have to help her!”
Will tried to think. “I think I know someone who can help.” He said as he grabbed Sara and put her over his shoulder.

Chapter 36
David
“You gotta be shitting me.” David said as he stood in front of St. Mary’s Inner City Church of the Blessed Sacrament… a church that just a couple of days ago was burned deeply into David’s memory. He looked at the plywood that covered the broken part of the right side of the double doors and then back at the boy. “Danny, I thought you said we were going to your sister’s house?”
“Yeah, this is where she lives.” He said happily.
“What’s your sister’s name?” David asked hesitantly.
“Sister Mary Elizabeth.” He replied with a smile.
 David cringed and pinched the bridge of his nose in disbelief. “I know God hates me but this is getting ridiculous.” He muttered under his breath.
“Are you mad about something?” Danny asked with concern.
“Not at all, dude. Not at all.” David said as he straightened himself up. He knocked hard on the door three times and waited for a reply. After a few moments the doors opened and he saw a familiar face in the doorway. This was the face of the woman that had beaten him, demeaned him and then possibly saved his life. This was also the face that, whether he wanted to admit it or not, had been the only face he could picture while he was trapped in that torture cell. 
Mary Elizabeth looked at the broken, humiliated man that stood before her and tears came to her eyes. “David?”
“I know you don’t want to see me but I found this kid…” Before David could finish his sentence Mary Elizabeth had thrown her arms around his shoulders and began to cry. David grimaced with pain as she squeezed and started to pull away but instead found his arm floating upward to rest on her back. 
“I knew you were in trouble.” She cried. “I could feel it. What happened to you?” She asked as she finally pulled back to face him.
“It’s a long story.” He said with a nervous laugh.
“Mary Elizabeth, you know David?” Danny said excitedly.
“Uh, yes… sort of.” She said as she knelt down to face the boy. “I missed you this morning. I’m so sorry I wasn’t here.”
“That’s ok. Psst, I have a secret.” Danny whispered as he motioned for Mary Elizabeth to come closer acting as if no one could see him. “Did you know David’s a super-hero?”
“Really? A super-hero?” She said as she glanced at David with disbelief.
“Like I said, it’s a long story.” 
She took them both to the kitchen to get them some much needed food and David recounted the whole story of what he had been through. David could barely believe it himself as he told it. All his life he had gotten used to only believing in what he could see or physically touch and now, for the first time, his life was being affected by something that he couldn’t see feel or understand. Mary Elizabeth also shared her incredible experience with seeing Matt float across the chasm with the wind and the others at the farmhouse. For once, they were able to have a civil conversation without taking jabs at each other every two seconds. After eating, she showed Danny to his room so he could get some sleep. 
As they stood in the hallway outside Danny’s room a sudden awkwardness came over them. David felt very uncomfortable being there and felt the sudden urge to leave, in spite of having nowhere to go. 
“Well, I guess I need to be going.” He said as he began to turn around.
“Wait, why?” She asked as she put her hand on his shoulder.
“I’m going. You don’t need me here.” David replied.
“What do you mean?”
“I’m no good for you. I’m no good for anyone. You’re a lot better off if I leave.”
“So, I don’t get a say in this at all?” She asked.
“Well, what do you want to say?”
All she wanted to say at that moment was “Please, don’t go.” She wanted to tell him how much she had been thinking about him and how much she missed him. She wanted to tell him how she felt about him… but that’s not what happened. “I guess… nothing.” She finally said softly. 
“There you go.” David shrugged as he turned for the front door. As he reached for the door handle he slowly turned and looked back over his shoulder. “Tell Danny I’ll miss him.”
Mary Elizabeth could feel herself beginning to choke up. “I will. Is there… anyone else that you’ll miss?” She said as she tried to keep her composure.
David paused. He looked down at the floor, deeply thinking about his answer. He looked back up with eyes that seemed to scream at her. A single tear rolled down his cheek. “No.” He finally said as he walked through the door and quietly closed it behind him.
Mary Elizabeth buried her face in her hands and began to weep as she quickly made her way back to her bedroom. 

Chapter 37
Sara and Kara
Will and Kara hurried up the stairs. He still had Sara flung over his shoulder as if she were a bag of dog food.
“Where are we going?” Kara asked as they exited the stairs.
“I’ll explain when we get there.” He replied as he quickly approached a door and knocked. After a few moments a young woman opened the door. She was wearing a silk oriental robe and she had short black hair that curved around the sides of her face and milky white skin that made her hair look even darker than it truly was.
”Will, what a pleasant surprise. What can I do for you?” She asked in a surprisingly sensual tone of voice.
“We need your help. She’s hurt.” He said motioning to Sara.
Her eyes expanded with intrigue. “Is that her? The light user?”
“Yes, and this is her sister.”
“Hi.” Kara said as she awkwardly waved her hand in greeting.
“Excellent. Please, come in.” She said as she opened the door wider for them to enter.
 Kara looked around the room as she went through the door with curiosity and a touch of confusion. Her room looked like something out of an episode of Kung Fu, with candles providing the only light in the room and incense smoke filling the space with various sweet, yet pungent scents. Will moved to the center of the room and gently set Sara down on the floor. The woman knelt down next to Sara and began moving her hands from the top of Sara’s head down her neck and toward her chest in a strange and almost mystical fashion.
“Don’t put your hands on her!” Kara said sharply. “What the hell is this, Will? I thought you said we were going to get help for Sara?”
“If my services are not welcome you can feel free to leave.” The woman said.
Will spoke quickly to try to disarm the situation before things got out of hand. “They are, I assure you. Mirium is a good friend of mine. I’ve known her for years and she can help. Trust me.” 
Reluctantly, Kara nodded her head. “Ok.”
Mirium leaned over Sara and placed her hands gently on either side of Sara’s neck. She closed her eyes and began to focus. Sara’s face began to twist and flinch in spite of still being unconsious. “There is… so much… pain.” Mirium said as she held on to Sara. “So much… fear.” Mirium flinched as Sara suddenly grabbed her hand and held on hard. She wasn’t sure if it was out of reflex or if Sara was actually coming to. “I know it hurts, but just hold on to me.” She whispered. 
Kara felt a strange sort of static-like energy fill the room. She watched as strands of Sara’s hair began to lift toward the ceiling just as they had in the hallway. She started to move forward but felt Will’s hand on her arm. 
“Let her finish.” He said. 
Kara could plainly see the pain on her sister’s face. She wanted so bad to grab her and run again, but something inside her told her to trust in this, even though she had no idea what was happening. 
Mirium could feel the strain of the energy she was releasing taking a toll on her body. Sara began to struggle to get up, but Mirium held her tight. 
Kara felt a tear come to her eyes as she watched in total confusion. Soon she saw the candle lights begin to flicker about the room. Small streams of light began to dart toward Sara from the flames. “What’s happening, Will?” Kara said with obvious concern for her sister.
“I’m not sure.” Suddenly, Sara’s eyes opened wide and were glowing with a fiery orange light. “Oh my god.” He gasped as he stepped forward. “Sara! Control it! Listen to me, Sara! You have to control it!” 
Will watched as Sara clinched her eyes shut. Her whole body trembled as if she were about to explode, but soon she began to calm down. Her eyes relaxed and her face straightened out. Soon, Mirium relaxed her grip and they both opened their eyes. Sara’s eyes had returned to normal and the strange energy in the room had begun to dissipate. 
Kara stood there in silent shock, still not sure of what she had just witnessed. 
Sara broke the stillness in the room when she threw her arms around Mirium. “Thank you.” She repeated with tears in her eyes.
Mirium put her hands on Sara’s face and looked deeply into her eyes. “You have great power within you, but you must harness it before it destroys you.” Sara nodded gently in understanding. 
“What the hell just happened here, Will?” Kara finally asked with frustration.
“Mirium just used her connection with life energy to heal your sister.” Will said with a smile.
“Heal? She just healed her?” 
“It’s true, Kara.” Sara said as she came closer to her twin. “It’s true. It hurt so bad and I was so scared before, but she took the pain away.” She took her sister’s hand. “These are good people.”
“It would seem so.” Kara said with a slight air of caution. “Are you saying you want to stay here?”
“We’re special, Kara. We can do things that most people can only imagine and here we can learn to use it. Out there people lie to us and hurt us and hold us back. Here we can do what we want! We can be what we want!”
“Sara, listen to yourself. This isn’t Peter Pan and we’re not the lost boys. We were kidnapped and taken from everything that we know and brought here, and yes we have seen a lot of strange things and learned a lot of strange things in the past two days, but we have family. We have a life that we need to get back to.”
“I… feel safe here.” She said hesitantly. “Please tell me we can stay.” She pleaded.
Kara hugged her sister tightly and sighed as she looked over at Will. “I guess we’re in.” She finally said. “So, what happens now?”
“Now we start your training.”
“Training? Training for what?”
“If you’re going to stay here, you need to earn your keep.”

Chapter 38
Mary Elizabeth
Mary Elizabeth had not truly cried herself to sleep in quite some time, but this night that’s exactly what she did. She didn’t want to let him go again, but she knew that’s what she had to do. If he was determined to leave, that’s exactly what he would do, and nothing she could have done would prevent that. 
She slowly drifted off to sleep trying to have pleasant dreams about life and love, until she was suddenly awoken by a loud noise. “What was that?” Mary Elizabeth asked herself. She was still waking up but heard a strange, unfamiliar voice yelling down the hall.
“Where is he? We know he’s here!” The loud voice screamed as she heard doors being kicked in one after another. 
“What’s the hell’s going on?” She said quietly as she peeked out the door. She saw a group of large men dragging all the other Sisters out of their rooms and carrying them away toward the chapel. “Oh dear God!” She quietly exclaimed. She quickly wedged a chair against the door and got on the phone and dialed the first number that came to her mind, Matt’s. Just as he answered she heard loud banging at her bedroom door.
“Open the fucking door, bitch!” The man screamed as the door shook violently with each bang. Finally the door broke and the large man came into the room. He had a hard, unshaven face with a flat nose that looked as though it had been broken several times. He reached under his jacket and pulled a gun out of a holster and pointed it directly at her face. Mary Elizabeth was frozen with terror. He reached over and gently took the phone out of her hand and jerked the cord from the wall with one smooth motion. Mary Elizabeth flinched and instinctively put her hands up. A strange twisted grin came over the man’s face. “We been looking for you.” He said as he motioned with the gun for her to come with him.
As she was escorted into the chapel she saw several other armed men arranging the Sisters in rows around the room. The background noise consisted of a lot of crying and pleading along with a lot of orders to “Shut up!” or “Keep quiet! In the midst of it all, one individual caught Mary Elizabeth’s eye. She looked like a businesswoman of some kind and seemed totally out of place in this situation. Soon she realized that her escort was bringing her closer to this woman. 
“This is her! I found her!” The man proudly proclaimed as he positioned a wooden chair in the center of the room. “We saw her with him that night!” Mary Elizabeth felt herself pushed down hard into the chair. 
“Are you certain? I don’t think I could tolerate any more failures from any of you.” She calmly said as she slowly turned and looked at Mary Elizabeth with a cold, steely glare that sent a shiver up her spine. She walked in a very calm and deliberate fashion toward her and leaned in, as if she was inspecting a caged animal. 
“Who are you people?” Mary Elizabeth demanded.
“How often I get asked that question.” She said as she straightened her posture. “I’m afraid the time for introductions has come and gone. You see, I’m not interested in you, but you have a connection to someone with whom I am very interested.”
“What are you talking about?”
The woman began to circle Mary Elizabeth’s chair as she spoke. “I believe you know exactly what I am talking about, Sister. A young man, with a very unique ability. A young man, with whom you were seen just two nights ago. A young man… named David.” She said as she concluded her walk in front of the chair.
“I- I don’t know any David!” She stammered.
The woman laughed softly and sighed. “Why do they always lie?” The woman turned and did a gentle stroll in a circle around the chapel as though she were walking through a park in the summertime. She made a quick hand gesture to her men and they grabbed red canisters off the ground and began to pour clear liquid over the pews and finally the other nuns in the room. Mary Elizabeth watched as the women whom she had called family over the past two years cried and begged for mercy as the sweet, pungent smell of gasoline filled the room. One of the men approached Mary Elizabeth and popped the cap off his red can and began to pour it over her head. She cried for them to stop but they emptied the entire contents of the can. The fuel stung her eyes severely and partially blinded her. 
The woman turned around and began to stroll back in her direction. “You see, I love my work, and I have many ways of getting the information I need out of people. However, you are unfortunate in that your friend David already wore down my patience to the breaking point.” 
Yeah he has a tendency to do that. She couldn’t help but think.
As she finished her sentence she pulled a small Zippo lighter out of her pocket and sparked it to life causing all the sisters in the room to gasp. The woman slowly ran her palm across the fire, never flinching and then suddenly drew it to her hand and began to play with it as though it were a piece of clay.
“Demon!” One of the sisters yelled only to get slapped by one of the armed men.
The woman laughed softly. “Demon. How original.” She turned her attention back to Mary Elizabeth. “So, I’m going to give you sixty seconds to tell me where I can find your friend David before I start a nice little bonfire. 60… 59… 58…”
“You can’t be serious!” She yelled in panic, to which the woman, never changing her expression or the tone in her voice, continued to slowly count. 
“57…56…”

Chapter 39
David
David stepped out of the doorway and saw a sight that had become all too familiar too him… a cold, empty street. David began to walk aimlessly down the street as his mind wandered. He thought about his life, or lack thereof and, for the first time, began to truly question himself. What am I doing? He thought to himself. Is this what I want? Is this the freedom that I longed for when I left home all those years ago? David was cold; he was hurting and he had no idea where he was going or even where his next meal was coming from, and he just left a beautiful woman with the promise of food and shelter simply because of an insistent need to be completely independent of anyone and anything that could tie him down.
David eventually looked up from the ground and was amused, if not slightly frustrated, to find that he was back in front of the church. “I guess you can’t escape your fate.” He said to himself with a slight smile. “But I can damn sure put it off until morning.” He walked toward the ally that sat directly across from the church and took a seat next to a large dumpster. As he rested his head against the hard brick wall of the adjacent building, he felt himself begin to drift off to sleep. 
******
He wasn’t sure how long he had been asleep, but he suddenly awoke to a slightly high-pitched voice screaming “HELP! HELP! SOMEBODY, PLEASE!” It took David’s eyes a few moments to adjust to the low light in the ally but soon he realized that the screams were coming from Danny and he was running up and down the street as if he’d gone crazy. David got off the ground as quickly as he could and hurried over to him. He finally caught up with the boy and grabbed his shoulders to reel him in. Danny struggled at first and yelled to be let go but David was able to calm him down after a few moments.
“Danny, what’s wrong? What happened?”
“They have her!” He screamed with tears and mucus streaming down his face.
“Who? They have who, Danny?”
“My sister!”
David’s eyes went wide as he suddenly realized the potential gravity of this situation.
“Danny, I need you to calm down and speak very clearly. Do you understand?”
“Yeah.” He said as he tried to catch his breath.
“Who has your sister?”
“I don’t know.” He said as he sniffled every few seconds. “There was a lot of yelling and a lot of swear words. I peeked out my door and I saw them dragging her down the hall. I think he had a gun.” He cried as the tears began to flow again.
“Oh shit. Danny, are they still in the church?”
Danny nodded. “I snuck out before they saw me.”
“Danny, you did really good but now I need you to do something for me. Stay right here and don’t go anywhere with anyone. Not even a policeman, got it?”
 Danny nodded again. David stood up and began to quietly walk to the front door. 
“David?” Danny called.
“Yeah.”
“Are you going to save the day?”
David looked at the boy who had such sincerity in his eyes as he asked that question. A sincerity the likes of which David had never personally encountered before. David took a deep breath. “I’m gonna try.” He responded. 
David crept quietly through the front door. As soon as he entered he could hear voices echoing through the halls. A mixture of pleas and commands rang out like spectral voices from the distant past. David followed the voices as they became louder and louder, but soon he heard a voice that was not loud at all. He heard a calm, female voice that was so distinctive to him that it would be forever burned in his memory. Just the sound of it made his stomach violently turn. It can’t be. He thought to himself as he drew closer to the chapel door. 
He got as low as he could and peered around the corner. He found himself almost gagging from the smell of gasoline in the air, though he was not sure where it was coming from. Much to his dismay, he saw the strange woman who had tortured him the day before and, to make things worse, it appeared that Mary Elizabeth was now in the spotlight. The woman was counting and David could see she had something burning in her hand. David gasped as he realized he only had seconds to decide on a plan of action.
David’s natural instincts screamed for him to get out and save himself. There’s nothing I can do. There’s too many of them. He thought. But there was another part of him, a part that he didn’t recognize that urged him forward. I can do this. I can save them all. This strange inner voice told him.  Suddenly, as if it were coming from another source, he heard himself call out “Stop!” Just as he commanded, everything did. All noise, all crying, movement and even time itself seemed to stand still and breathless. He stood straight and tall and calmly stepped out of the shadows and into the light.   
Until this moment, David had never taken a moment to appreciate the true beauty of a cathedral. He looked around at the stained glass windows with moonlight shining through lighting up the biblical images on the walls and casting a colored aura on the floor. The woman looked up at him, and a slight smirk slowly moved across her face as she took her attention off of Mary Elizabeth and moved toward him.
“You wanted me? Here I am.” David said as strongly as he could.
“You gave us the slip earlier. I suppose, I underestimated you.” She said as she clinched her fist, extinguishing the flame. 
“Do whatever you want to me, just let these people go.”
The woman laughed in her condescending way as she nonchalantly walked toward David and put her lips close to his ear. “You have no idea what I want to do with you.”
David’s face crinkled as the mood of the moment went from tense to uncomfortable in a matter of seconds. “Ok, do you want to kill me or fuck me? Cause right now I’m a little confused.
The woman laughed again. “Always so arrogant. You never change.”
“What the fuck do you want with me?” David yelled.
“You still don’t get it, do you? We are a well-funded organization that provides a valuable service to the world.”
“Yeah, I’m sure there’s a lot of Craiglist ads for people looking to be kidnapped and tortured.” 
“Simply a means to an end. You see, at first I only looked at you as another source of profit. A lot of countries would pay handsomely to get their hands on someone who can do what you can do, but then I saw your true light. Once I discovered who you truly were, then I knew that we were destined to be together. Join me, and we can set the world back in order. We can bring peace and harmony to the world as its rulers.” She said with unbridled enthusiasm.  
David’s mouth was slightly hanging open with disbelief in what he was hearing. “Uh… yeah, that would be a ‘no,’ but thanks for the offer. Can we go now?”
“No? You just said ‘no’ to me!” She turned sharply and walked toward Mary Elizabeth who was still sitting in the chair under close watch. “No one rejects me!” She said as she reached into her coat and pulled out a pistol and put it to Mary Elizabeth’s chest and pulled the trigger in one fluid motion so casually that David’s mind had a difficult time interpreting the sound of the gunshot. The young woman gasped hard as the force of the bullet knocked her chair backward.
“NOOOO!” He yelled as he saw her fall. A couple of nuns started to run to her side but were met with guns in their faces as well. David looked at her. She was alive, but her breathing was extremely rapid and shallow. He knew she didn’t have long left.
The woman began walking toward him, gun still in her hand. “Such a paradox. You  possess such strength and yet, you’re still so frail.” She said as she motioned to Mary Elizabeth over her shoulder. “I offered you the world… and you spat in my face!”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He replied in a voice that said he was broken.
“Maybe, in the next life, you will.” She said as she cocked the hammer on her gun and pointed it directly at his heart.   
David felt his heart pounding in his chest and he knew this was truly the end. He closed his eyes and found himself doing something he swore years ago he would never do again. Please. I don’t care what happens to me, but please let me save her. He prayed. He opened his eyes just in time to see the trigger being squeezed. Instinctively, his hand darted to the level of the gun barrel just as the shot fired. The piercing blast rang through the building. Everything in the room seemed to slow down to a snail’s speed. He could feel every movement in the room, every breath, every heartbeat, and even the movement of the bullet from the chamber.  
David held his breath. He looked down at his chest and saw that it was intact. At first, he thought she had somehow missed until he looked at his balled-up fist which was still extended in front of him and noticed a thin red trickle of blood escape his fingers. He slowly opened his hand and saw the bullet resting in a small wound in his palm. 
The woman narrowed her eyes at David and he looked from his hand to her and nervously laughed. He saw her finger tense around the trigger and, without thinking, David threw his left hand in her direction and released a bright white blast of energy that contained all the force that bullet would have dealt to him, and more. He saw her fly backward as the gun flew out of her hand. David’s heart felt as though it was about to jump out of his chest as he looked at his hands. 
David looked up and was astonished to see that everything in the room looked different. Every object seemed to have a strange white halo surrounding it. The white energy pulsed with even the slightest movement. He took a deep breath and stepped forward. The men immediately trained their guns on him. “Stop right there!” One of them yelled.
“I’m warning you. Leave now and no one else will get hurt.” David said sternly
The men began to mutter amongst themselves. “He’s bluffing!” The woman called out as she picked herself up. “Fire! That’s an order! FIRE!” 
The men readied their guns and took aim. David put his hands up as he slowly advanced on them. Suddenly shots rang out and David, never flinching, saw nothing but streams of white light leave the guns as the bullets arced downward and bounced harmlessly off the ground. David felt an uncontrollable smile come across his face. “I warned you.” He said as he threw his hand toward one of the men and saw a blinding flash of white light emitted that threw the man several feet as if he were just blasted with a cannon. He then turned and raised his fist high in the air. He could see the energy being drawn to it until his fist appeared as an orb of light. David slammed his fist against the ground and saw another powerful blast of energy explode sending splinters of wood from the shattered pews in all directions. Some men ran for cover but others stood their ground. 
“Keep shooting!” The woman ordered. The men opened fire again but David continued to advance as though he had an invisible shield around him diverting all the bullets toward the ground.
 David was feeling a power and freedom unlike any he had ever felt before. Soon he saw the woman approaching him menacingly. “If you want something done right you just have to do it yourself!” She said as she threw her fist into David’s chest which, to David’s amazement, sent him tumbling backward.
“David.” Mary Elizabeth called out weakly.
“Just hang on!” He yelled as he held his chest in pain. He took a hard swing at the woman but only found air and before he knew it she had punched him in the gut and then again in the back. Every impact felt as hard and strong as a sledgehammer. David hit his knees gasping for breath.  
She put her hand on David’s chin and lifted his face up. “Why are you fighting so hard? You can’t defeat me. You never could!” She said as she got out the lighter again and lit it in front of his eyes. 
David looked over and saw Mary Elizabeth still on the floor, possibly breathing her last breaths and felt an overwhelming sense of failure. He stared into the glow of the flame.
“This is the end of your story.” She said as she started to blow him another fiery kiss. 
David quickly grabbed the hand with the lighter. She struggled to release his grip but she lost her balance which sent them both toppling to the floor. As they impacted David saw the lighter bounce from her hand. He watched in horror as it tumbled and bounced until it finally rested on the edge of the gasoline puddle quickly igniting it. 
“Mary Elizabeth!” He called out.
The woman laughed. “This is what you get for denying your fate.”
David’s face twisted in fury as he lifted his fist and punched her in the face harder than he ever punched anyone in life. “I make my own fate, bitch.” The men started running out of the building as soon as the fire began to spread. David darted for the fire extinguisher on the wall and tried to put out the fire but it was spreading too fast. He quickly grabbed Mary Elizabeth and ran toward one of the stain-glass windows. The heat of the fire was tremendous. David could feel his lungs burning from the smoke as he ran. The window was about three feet off the floor and David knew he couldn’t clear it on his own. He focused on the speed of his run and found himself increasing faster and faster. Finally he jumped and found himself soaring through air clearing the bottom of the window with ease. He closed his eyes and braced himself for the impact as the colored glass shattered all around him.
He tumbled to a stop outside the church. Red and blue lights flashed all over the road from the emergency vehicles that were already on scene.   
David looked up and brushed the glass of Mary Elizabeth. There was so much blood pouring out of the hole in her chest, he couldn’t believe it. “Mary! Mary!” He called to her.
She slowly opened her eyes and looked at him, and smiled. “David.” She said softly. “Did you win?”
David couldn’t help but laugh slightly at the question. “Yeah. I won.”
“That’s good. She was a real bitch.” She said with a cough. 
“Hey, stay with me, Mary!” He said as he tried to keep from choking up. “You’re going to be ok. The ambulance is on its way.”
She gently shook her head. “No. I think this is it.”
“No! No it’s not!” David said as he grabbed her hands and held them over her wound. “Listen to me. This is what’s going to happen. You’re going to heal yourself.” She shook her head again. “Yes! You’re going to heal yourself! Now focus! Come on!”
“You don’t believe in that.”
David found himself hesitating a moment. She was right. He never believed in anything in his life. “I believe in you. You can do this.” He emphasized to her. 
She slowly lifted one of her blood-stained hands off her chest and softly touched his face. He felt the warm wet blood smear on his cheek. “David.” She said as she looked into his eyes, then her hand suddenly fell back down as her eyes closed.
“Mary Elizabeth! MARY ELIZABETH!” He yelled as he shook her limp body trying to rouse her. He saw police and firemen out of the corner of his eye approaching, trying to get him to back up. “Just stay the fuck away from us! She’s not dead!” He positioned her hands back over the wound and held on as tightly as he could. “Come on. Wake up. Wake up!” He repeated. 
He held her hands until his fingers were white, but she didn’t move. He felt warm water trickling down his cheeks. He couldn’t remember the last time he had cried. He had actually forgotten what it felt like to care that much about someone else. “Damn you. DAMN YOU! YOU HEALED ME, NOW HEAL YOURSELF, GODDAMN IT!” He screamed in emotional agony as he pressed his face to her body. Suddenly he saw a strange blue light start to pulse from his hands. The light spread from his hands to hers and then seemed to steadily flow through her body. He saw her eyes flutter, and then she gasped as she opened her eyes. Her eyes were as wide as saucers as she looked around the street where everyone in the area had starting praying and crossing their chest. Her eyes finally fell on David.
“How did you do that?” She finally asked.
David laughed as the tears continued to flow. “I have no idea, but it’s wonderful.” He nervously lifted his hands and saw that the wound had closed and now only left a round scar. He put his hands on her face and leaned in to kiss her, which she gladly returned. As they pulled apart he touched his forehead to hers. “Thank you for coming back.”
“Thank you for bringing me back.” She said as they embraced tightly.

Chapter 40
Tatsuo
Tatsuo stood in the bedroom of his employer, Mr. Joshua Morgan; he had been there all night. Morgan’s whimpers of pain were muffled by the bloody duct tape that covered his mouth. His wrists and ankles were raw from struggling against the ropes for the past few hours. 
“I understand you not wanting to answer my questions…” Tatsuo started. “… but soon my associate will get here, and he is not quite as patient as I am. So I am going to give you one last opportunity to tell me why The Alliance is so interested in these two girls, and who else knows about them?”
“Fuck you!” He mumbled through the tape. 
“That’s fine. As I said, he should be here any moment.” Soon a strong breeze entered through the window and a violet spectral-like mist entered the room. The mist swirled around their heads until it finally came to rest in the form of a middle-aged man with a long pony-tail. “It’s good to see you, Matt.” Tatsuo said with a smile.
“Sorry, it took me so long to get here. I was a little busy.” He said as he walked over to Morgan who looked even more worried now. He knelt down next to the bound man and pulled out a sharp pocket-knife and quickly opened it with a flick of his wrist. “So, I’ve got a few questions for you about this light user you found.”
I hope you enjoyed Elemental Touch and I’m excited to hear your thoughts! You can review it at www.smashwords.com or any site this book is available! For more information on this book and upcoming projects email me at elementaltouchbookseries@gmail.com and follow me on Twitter @Drenmaster19
