
Found in London
A Story of Sentient Ambition

Copyright 2015
Rick Goldman

Second Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of
the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial
purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own
copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Epilogue

Chapter 1

“Put her down.” Unnecessarily soft-spoken words were the only method of communication Michael Tanner could think of at the moment as he continued to try reasoning with the machine.
“Just put her down.” He said emphasizing the point as his mind replayed events of the week in a vain struggle to think of a solution to the problem that lay before him. Looking at the thing, which had by then taken a fancy to fashionable designer clothing, he wondered for a moment if all of the inexplicable actions could be explained by a bug. A series of bugs, he decided, was more likely.
The crowds and scores of people gathering around them were, of course, far less interested in the design of the aberration and with growing intensity began to shout and scream slogans at the thing. 
Whether or not the crowd knew that the thing was a thing, was of little concern to Michael at the moment. A near perfect replica of the image of man, the thing didn’t look unlike any number of men in the crowd, or anywhere for that matter. Few keen observers may have realized that the generally considered handsome man before them was without doubt - inhuman.
Demanding the immediate release of the young woman that was held high over the edge of the bridge, the audience continued with the ineffective yells that would be forever lost within the machine that had neither the instructions, nor interest in their pleas.
“On the bridge!” The girl in the carbon nano-fiber hands of the machine added before the commands her best friend and laboratory partner had just given the thing were carried out. Looking down, she could make out the ripples and breaks in the water that defined what would most certainly be a fatal fall.
“Right! Put her down on the bridge - not in the river!” Michael responded loudly. A sensation of relief washed over him, happy the machine didn’t respond to the first set of orders.
 An otherwise normal dawn graced the scene on the bridge that autumn morning, complete with blue sky complementing a brilliantly lit early morning sun. The welcomed crisp and cool air ushered in by a breeze of turning seasons, was quickly turning into a day that would not soon be forgotten by people around the world. 
The usual television morning talk shows were interrupted with live coverage of the crowds and police vehicles surrounding the poor girl gripped precariously over the East river, held hostage by the machine she’d worked on for so long to help build.
Reporters began arriving shortly after the first patrol cars, which had arrived just after the first lawyers, who were somehow - perhaps guided by ESP, on the scene well before anyone in the media was notified. 
The live streams were coming through clearly as angles from the helicopters were switched between that of angles on different points from the ground. People in offices everywhere turned their attention to the breaking news as it came in through the flat panel high definition displays in break rooms throughout much of civilized world.
Barricades erected by the police were busy enjoying their part-time positions on the bridge, happily doing their job of keeping the crowds at a safe distance as the efficiently run police held a steady line of site down the barrels of their assorted weaponry, which was now aimed at the machine.
 Looking at the device, officers of the law and most of the public couldn’t help but admire the elegance and beauty of what many people wouldn’t, at first glance, be able to immediately identify as a machine.
Less than two years had passed from the time the adolescents had decided to as they said, quit talking about it and start making it. What was once a whim, had somehow turned into a monumental debacle, thoroughly unpredictable by anyone involved with the development of the thing. Throughout the process of building, more people than could be counted on two hands were either directly or indirectly involved in some way.
The two lead designers, Michael and his long-time friend Christina Chen would eventually become unwittingly referred to as the so-called masterminds of the device.
Beating at a rate unimaginable by anyone who has never been held over a river by a mentally-ill robot, Christy’s heart felt as though it were lodged in her throat, beginning to deprive her of precious air. 
Massive gasps from her lungs every so often ensured her brain would continue to get oxygen. The oxygen delivered to her brain ensured that the communication line to the adrenaline factory, which had been on vacation for the majority of her life, would be put into full production - thus ensuring the chemicals in a state of sudden survival-shock mode to be administered accordingly.
Another glance at the water below caused her stomach and throat to tighten further, reminding her of the death that was foreseen and likely inevitable. Christy tried to shout, but was this time, somehow unable to manage to process the screaming within her mind. Translating her terror to audible yells was not a function, for whatever reason, her brain was interested in performing just then.
 Unable to yell or shout, she thought of the ridiculousness of so many people in so many movies screaming in terror. Perhaps a handful of people, herself now included, understood that real terror doesn’t allow a person to produce a sound. She glanced again at the river beneath her, which seemed to be closer and more threatening than earlier.
Certain doom looming, and frozen with fear, the world as she knew in her field of vision began to grow dim. Beginning from the outermost of her peripheral vision, the darkness crept its way to the center of her field of view. With the cocktail of brain induced adreno-endorphin mixtures pumping rapidly through her veins, parading throughout the extremities, she had since lost any feeling in her feet and legs, along with most of her body.
The burning sensation beneath her left wrist was the only remaining physical feeling her mind allowed her to feel. In the event of a loss of that sensation in her wrist were to occur, she would know that it was at that time that the emotionally unstable machine had let go. And she dreaded that happening. 
Not necessarily a religious person, at the moment, Christy caught herself praying earnestly for her life.
It was that sensation in her left wrist that connected her to reality as it was just then. In any other place at any other time, the pain and burning would be intolerable, but she welcomed it as the machine gripped tightly. 
Christy began to wonder how long she could endure, before surrendering to the impending darkness. Fainting wasn’t an option she wanted to consider, but somehow it held a frontline position with most of the thousands of thoughts bombarding her mind.
Each absurdly short and detrimentally rapid breath garnered another moment of time for the young woman. Breathe Christy. The thought that rose above all others offered her a brief period of relief as she closed her eyes focusing on the one thing that mattered more dearly than anything to her at the moment. Oxygen.
Somehow the resiliency of her youth afforded the ability to, although stuttered; draw a longer and deeper breath. Concentrating on the new breathing project, Christy let go of the distractions caused by the commotion around her, her current predicament, and for a moment felt relatively good. 
She felt the burning pain leave her wrist as though mercilessly released from the agony of the situation. Relaxation and calm had replaced the fear and anxiety in her mind. In a moment of peace she opened her eyes just long enough to enjoy the moment.
Within the amount of time the masterfully crafted gears within her watch had to rotate the next tick of the second-hand, her eyes pointed upward to see the hand of the machine as it opened, unleashing her from the once appreciated grip. She literally felt her heart stop, or thought so at least.
Remembering an argument she had with the fabricator of the fingers, her eyes fixed on the nanotech-driven hands as gravity began its job accompanied by the air she distinctly felt moving in the wrong direction. No longer in control, her brain enacted its last fail-safe procedure as everything went dark.
An audible gasp went throughout the crowd at the sight of the girl falling toward the river. For a moment on that bridge, across the nation, throughout living rooms, and in offices everywhere - time stood still.
Michael’s mind would forever be imprinted with the image of his friend, as her limp body was released from the absurdly stylish machine. Why would it choose Kenneth Cole? He thought, not really understanding or being able to control which thoughts did or did not take place at that moment.
During that period, when time ceased to exist, he found his eyes examining the peculiar machine that he had built. Most of the machine’s surface consisted of a modern material, constructed from carbon fiber nanotechnology. The interesting skin-like material, developed by a small Japanese technical concern, completed the face of the machine and moved brilliantly over the internal structure.
Without giving a hint of the true nature of the device, the quality of skin made in Japan would be prized by the most finicky of plastic surgeons. 
Made of the same material, he remembered looking at the reflection of light on the fingers as the inconspicuous robot turned its hand palm down in a smooth human-like fashion. Michael couldn’t help just for a brief moment - marvel at the fluidity of motion the machine exhibited. Both of the designers had ultimately decided that gears and levers of traditional machines were too clunky and slow, requiring as much maintenance as an aging washing machine in a coin-op laundromat.
Their design had replaced the tradition of gears and joints connected by wires with a series of nano-magnets that had no need of being connected, offering supreme movement. Without wires or gears, friction became a non-factor. The details of the design were lovingly and completely documented by the team, available to no-one outside of the group and supremely guarded.
Every major, minor, and hidden joint were connected this way, the result of which enabled each joint to quietly float and move effortlessly, as the machine’s internal software guided the signals, impulses and instructions to be delivered throughout the creation. Banks of customized high-end strontium processors were fixed in the chest allowing the software to do the trillions upon trillions of calculations each second, necessary to keep the machine going. 
It was the fluid motion of the design that would allow for effortless movement and ability to blend in with its more, biological, counter-parts. Without a close inspection, a person would assuredly mistake the thing for human.
Knowing that the machine had been given the initial instructions to do, say and act everything as humanly as possible, the young designers had decided to program an inherent learning and evolution system as their way of experimental study with artificial intelligence. The machine’s instructions were to learn based on experience, to attempt to predict future experiences and adjust accordingly. Both Michael and Christy never dreamed that the evolution of their artificial intelligence would happen as rapidly as it did.
After only two days of testing, it became apparent at how rapidly the machine, which they named “Buddy”, was advancing. What it considered sluggish and human movement had evolved into something unknown to the human race. Something that would most easily be described as alien, the machine taught itself to climb stairs. In the first set of trials it handled the same as any human - one foot in front of the other, as it was programmed to do.
After three trials, the magnets connecting the joints of the toes, feet, knees, hips and beyond moved like something that reminded them of a slinky going backwards. After the first ten trials, the ingeniously designed series of nano-magnets moved the digits and appendages so fast that only a blur could be seen as their handsome robot rapidly ascended the stairs of their commons building in the university dorm that they were granted access to, an impressive feat for high school seniors.
A two-story flight of stairs in the first trial was completed in just over twelve seconds, nearly the same as an average person would in prime condition. Their final trial had the machine completing the same task in under a tenth of a second.
Michael briefly thought of Buddy’s development as he watched Christy’s limp body fall toward the frigid river. 

Chapter 2

Vacuuming the floor of room 213, the woman at the Hope Faith Hotel in west El Paso was reminded once again of the timeless art of motel destruction inherent in so many senior aged high school students. There were at least six she thought she remembered, that had in their infinite wisdom, broken exactly two chairs, one window and one desk.
With water damage to the bathroom, burns to the upholstery and various holes placed in walls, the financial amount of damage to the room was yet to be determined. The state and condition of the two beds in the room would, at the woman’s preference, rather be forgotten.
Unharmed, the television broadcasted the scene from the bridge in New York. The woman watched along with the rest of the country that morning with as much interest as a hotel attendant from El Paso could possibly have.
She paid little attention to the bizarre remote control found between a pile of empty pizza boxes and nest of crushed beer cans as she stored it in one of several small compartments in the cleaning cart that she had used for more than eleven years as a room attendant for the hotel. 
Though the strange gadget appeared as if it may be valuable, it would eventually make its way to the lost-and-found, located in the hotel manager’s office on the first floor. An honest woman would continue to go about her day cleaning, the same as so many before.
Around twenty miles north of the motel, a modern black Cadillac CTS sports wagon sat idle - not idling - but parked in a lot that was usually reserved for long-haul trucking patrons. The kind of truck stop only found in America and parts of Canada.
 With traffic flowing from California to New York on the Great Country’s Interstate Highway system, it was a necessity to offer the requisite traveling accommodations complete with service garage, large pump stations for the behemoth style trucks and smaller pumps for the average American on their way to the Grand Canyon, Yellowstone, the family reunion in Kansas City or wherever a body may go on a road trip.
Much of the east side of the giant parking lot was filled with what must have been around a dozen of the eighteen-wheeled trucks, their size and dimensions laughably dominating the space that the smaller Cadillac wagon somehow braved to park in. 
A modest and quaint diner, complete with western-style decor was at the west end of the picture. Filling the air with a scent of fresh toast, fried bacon, eggs and hash browned potatoes; it was an extremely welcome spot on the lonely stretch of highway through that side of Texas.
Beyond the parking lot, service station and restaurant, one could make out the more or less empty on and off-ramps that would eventually connect travelers back to the highways and interstates that would lead them to enjoy that purely American sense of freedom while out on the open road. Surrounding the entire area, a rusty light brownish-red soil, sage brush, Joshua trees and a variable mixed assortment of yellow-green cacti defined the patently dry landscape.
Tumbleweeds were well into their migration at that time of year, complimenting the modest amount of dust kicked up every so often by a slight wind from the north, south, or wherever - that is the wind around there just kind of seemed to do what it wanted to do and during an autumn morning in most western part of Texas it did just that. 
Looking up, a person would see the stars and moon still bright as dawn began to flood the sky with its dark reds, violets, blues or whatever color dawn decided to use from her palette - much as the wind did what it wanted, so too did the sky.
With the morning rays of the sun beginning to wash over the quiet scene, reflections from the mirrors and glass on the vehicles were bright enough to temporarily blind anyone looking directly at them. Without moisture in the air, as in the east, the rays of the sun in the west could do remarkably bright and wonderful things, especially in the early morning or just before sunset.
A few of the truck drivers were moving back and forth between the restaurant and service area, no doubt full from a large breakfast, preparing for the next step in their respected journeys. Several more drivers and travelers sat comfortably inside, eating, talking, reading, and relaxing just another while before setting out.
The interior of the diner included enough vinyl-seat booth style seating to accommodate no more than thirty travelers at a time. The tables were well-cleaned and mugs of coffee were kept full as the few employees of the place did their part to make the weary traveler feel at home.
Watching the steam from his own mug mix with the bright rays of morning light coming in through the window, a gentlemanly man took a slow and deep breath, letting the combination of coffee, breakfast foods, and country air fill his olfactory with delight.
“Steak for breakfast?” Directly in front of him, across the table, the traveling secretary smiled as she leafed through an assortment of papers in an official state department three ring binder.
“That’s right.” He replied while eyeing the menu’s choices. The baritone voice and melodic tempo of his speech hinted to others of his age and wisdom.
Next to the traveling secretary, the his top advisor was busy with one of three mobile phones, one private and two more private - disregarding the waitress that was patiently waiting for him to complete an order that had somehow started, but never finished.
“Hey John, take a break, all right?” The senator’s bright blue eyes peered over the top of the menu, meeting his most trusted aide before returning to the menu.
Though Senator Drake hated mixing work with mealtime, the small entourage would go back and forth through the details of notes, budgets and agendas - between pancakes and coffee. 
Twelve hours of traveling by car was a sufficient way to fuel the hunger that lead to the group making the booth in the small diner their temporary office. Once the team had their fill of everything from nearly every item on the menu, including deserts, which the Senator thought breakfast ought to include, they remained with their collection of folders and documents from their fine leather briefcases, finding any available space on the table to occupy.
The average patron of the establishment, adorned in flannel and denim, paid little attention to the stark contrast of the group in the corner booth, which blended in about as well as a Swedish model in a Chinese farmer’s market. Their tailored suits were pressed, crisp and quite expensive. This caused most of the patrons to think of them as traveling business executives. Of course, any thought of the strangers quickly faded into obscurity, replaced in favor of their own schedules and things to do.
Noise from the diner’s only television was scarcely heard as the volume was turned low enough to ensure the sounds of plates and knives mixed comfortably with the low rumble of voices from the guests and workers. A few of the more observant ones began to mull around the TV as a live feed from New York showed a crowded bridge with police barricades and what looked like a man holding a girl hostage over the edge of the bridge, threatening to drop her into the water below. The traveling business executives paid no attention.
“She looks pretty young.” 
Their incredibly deep southern accents were somehow refined as various patrons provided their own commentary. They may have sounded out of place anywhere else in El Paso, but at the truck stop southern accents were as common as the smell of sagebrush.
“Yeah she’s pretty, too. Dang shame. Hope they get that guy.” Another man moved his arm slowly, while pointing at the screen. Their voices not loud enough to be heard more than a few yards away, they continued to watch the scene play out on the television.
“Looky here you bums.” Gesturing toward the scrolling news ticker at the bottom of the screen, the third man tilted his head forward and snorted audibly while adjusting his belt.
“Who’re you calling a bum?” The man chuckled quietly, before adding sternly, “Pray that girl is all right.” A quiet symphony of mmm-huhs, yeps, yups and yeahs followed the sentiment.
“Well let’s hope so.”
A few other guests murmured quietly and shared similar sentiments before returning their short lived attention back to their breakfasts and newspapers.
“Camera’s too far away anyhow, can’t see a darn thing.” Losing interest with the bridge in New York, and with a mind focused on shipping schedules, the first man turned to leave the diner while the waitress switched the station to the weather channel.
Before the diligent driver found his way out, the relatively quiet atmosphere was broken by a loud squelching and screeching of breaks on the pavement outside as a rusty and faded turquoise blue-van came to a sudden halt leaving a trail of dust billowing in its wake. Its engine revved loudly after the gears were heard grinding into a neutral position.
Craning their necks and turning heads, just about everyone in the diner was startled by the unwelcomed and rude intrusion of noise and disruption from outside. 
While the dust around the poorly maintained vehicle settled, the engine continued to hum inconsistently as the van doors on both sides were rolled opened while several teens paraded out along with three or four paper bags, bundles of napkins and several empty beer cans and bottles. 
Causing their own cacophony of audible nuisance, their loud voices were going a mile a minute as they babbled back and forth to each other. For some reason at least one of the teens was hollering a long winded whooo. The veteran workers inside looked on with disdain.
Senator Drake along with his secretary and advisor gave only a second glance before returning to their unofficial meeting in the corner booth. Typical high school teens in their senior year of school, the party assembled outside for a short time, five of them in all. Jeans and t-shirts were the order of the day and if anyone asked, they would be certain to describe them as typical. Nothing out of the ordinary struck any of the elder guests as they silently remembered their own time in their late teens as obnoxious and loud.
Jingling to the tune of the opening door, the bells tied around the diner’s entrance further announced the group’s arrival, as if they needed further announcing. Their voices, which were hitherto outside and muffled through the building, were now completely destroying the ambient serenity inside the diner.
Poorly imitating a southern accent, the tallest boy blurted, “Let’s eat!” Following him the others began doing their best imitations of southern accents as they continued about their irritating business.
“Table ma’am?”
“Yes sir.” The waitress replied sarcastically as she ferried the group through the diner. Securing a booth not too far from where Senator Drake and staff were finalizing details of whatever documents a staff would finalize, the teens were served and noisily enjoyed their much needed meals while loudly recanting their escapades of the previous night.
Riotous laughter accompanied by loud smacking of lips made up most of their conversation while the group hastily downed their share of grub. With so much noise it wasn’t much of a surprise that only a few guests inside the place noticed the highway patrol car steadily pull up and park near the entrance outside. 
Two uniformed patrol men, complete with .357 side arms, made their way out of the vehicle. The attention of at least two of the elder teens was caught as they noticed the enforcement officers. As their expressions changed they motioned to the others sitting around the table while all of the teens, now silent, turned their heads in unison to catch a first-hand view of the police as they stepped out of the car.
“Turn around guys, just keep eating.” One of the teens ordered with a voice that had turned quiet and subdued. As if by force of habit, they did just that, hoping the officers hadn’t noticed them all looking at once. 
The atmosphere of the diner had once again returned to the dull and melodic ambient of hushed conversations while many of the guests eyed the officers outside and the teens that were clearly either figuratively pissing or in some other way messing themselves. Drake and his companions continued feigning not the slightest amount of interest with anything outside of their booth.
As one of the officers held the door to the diner, the other stepped in and took no time in surveying the layout before noticing the group huddled around the table.
“Senator Drake?” The officer spoke with a clear air of authority and interest. Turning toward the officer, the senator’s attention was drawn momentarily away from the stacks of papers in front of him as he smiled and waved.
“It’s an honor to see you sir. We’re big fans of what you’re doing in Washington for the state of Texas.” The officers grinned cheekily.
“It’s our pleasure. We appreciate your service gentlemen.” The senator replied with his trademark voice, deep enough that some of the guests were sure they could see the utensils and plates vibrating over the surface of the tables. Flashing another modest smile once again before returning his attention to the table, Drake found himself appreciative of the officers compliments while at the same time just a little embarrassed to momentarily be the center of attention.
Completing his final survey of the restaurant the officer’s eyes eventual stopped at the table of teens that were, for some reason, just a little too quiet.
“Gregory Starks?” The officer’s voice and expression turned from that of enchanted-to-meet-a-senator to thoroughly-ready-to-breaks-some-balls.
The teens didn’t reply.
“Gregory Starks?” Enunciating clearly, it was repeated louder with the same authority. The officer made note of the undeniably frightened expressions of the teens as the blood withdrew from their faces
“Greg, dude...” One of the group said trying to remain cool.
“I’m Greg.” The slimmest of the group of three boys and two girls steered his attention to the officer calling his name.
“We need to talk outside for just a moment. If you will, son.” The officer gestured to the parking lot outside letting the boy know his offer was not a command, but not expected to be declined.
The teens and other guests of the restaurant watched as the pair of officers and the boy outside conversed. After a short time the boy became quite animated, as his arms pointed back and forth between himself, the vehicle, and the restaurant.
Without warning, one of the teens sitting at the table stood up raising a .9 millimeter pistol from his waistband before aiming into the air and pulling the trigger.
“Dude, don’t!” Another one of the group shouted at the young man with the gun pointed in the air as the rest of the guests and others in the restaurant either fell to the floor or lowered themselves within booths and on tables with arms instinctively covering and protecting their heads. The senator’s aid was already pulling him to the ground as two shots were fired in rapid succession.
As the shots from inside rang out, the pair of officers quickly made their way to the side of their vehicle. Faster than the officers outside had found cover, a young Mr. Gregory Starks hastily made his retreat to the driver’s side of the van before leaping in and flooring the pedal. The engine failed to turn over.
Trying twice, the young man was finally able to get the engine started and in gear. Smoke from the rubber tires filled the air - kicking up all manner of pebbles and gravel while accelerating at an abysmally ridiculous pace away from the area.
Interested more in their duty to the protect the innocent patrons inside and in their own interest of self preservation and survival, the officers made a conscious decision to deal with the gunman inside of the small restaurant, briefly ignoring Starks in the fleeing van.
Peering over the hood of the vehicle, momentarily losing cover, the first officer was a little surprised to see that he had such a clear view of the interior and from his vantage point - a clear view of a teen holding a pistol high over head in the air. A clean shot. It was his only thought as the reflexes of his years of training went into autopilot.
As the barrel continued to smoke from the first two shots, the boy wielding the pistol had only enough time to, at a glance, see the people around him ducking for cover. With his hand holding the gun high in the air, he felt a momentary surge of excitement at the power offered by the rod of lightning and thunder he possessed. The lapse in judgment and time occurred rapidly while he absorbed the scene. As if his arm were stuck he continued to hold the weapon high while taking a breath, pausing to consider his next move. 
If it weren’t for the ringing in his ears, he may have noticed the shot from outside, shattering the window, before looking up to see the mangled mess of his hand.
The officer wasn’t thinking of his honors and accolades as an expert marksman as he squeezed the trigger. His sight was true to target, having taken into consideration almost every detail of the scene; bystanders, wind speed and pulse to name a few.
 The first shot went high and shattered the window hitting nothing else. The second shot struck the back of the teen’s hand just beneath the knuckle of his index finger. His eyes followed the firearm as it fell to the floor, barely noticing the teen’s expression and reaction as he looked toward his disabled hand.
A blood curdling scream, the likes of which are not had in horror movies, but real life horrors, began as a gasp and finished as an air raid siren. The scream didn’t come from pain. It was a scream that could only be formed from the unusual shock of seeing a hand, one’s own hand, after being disfigured and shredded. The boy gasped and screamed in rapid succession as he lowered his hand inspecting the details of the mess of his hand, ignoring the officer’s orders to drop to the floor.
“Get on the ground!” Officer Clark repeated himself. “Get on the ground immediately!” Clark began to worry about the blood he could see steadily streaming from the wound. He was also one that, when necessary, takes action. He wasn’t about to let this situation get out of his control.
Realizing the boy was in shock, the officer eyed his partner and with just a single nod, they both entered the restaurant and carefully approached the teen who continued violently screaming. Grabbing the boy’s wrist, below the gaping wound, Clark held tight as he pushed the boy to the floor. With an audible thud, the boy hit the ground and stopped screaming at once. There was no fight in him, though there were plenty of tears that began to flow freely as the screams turned to sustained whimpers.
“You’re under arrest son.” Officer Clark said. “And lucky I didn’t kill you.”

Chapter 3

With the bluest sky, crisp air and morning sun brightening the fresh autumn morning, it was like Earth had little care for the events on a bridge in New York. As if the Earth had seen so much in her time. The fact that no less than a stadium’s worth of cameras followed Christy’s limp ragdoll-like body as she fell toward the rushing waters was of little concern to Earth. Although her people, those that considered themselves most intelligent, were all too mindful of the frightening event as they watched on TVs, computers, pods and pads.
More than a handful of the same were struck, quite literally, with the shock of witnessing such an occurrence. To know that they would be witness to the young woman’s death was immediately registered in their minds. Only to be replaced by the other immediate register of hope. It was hope that came just after despair as the crowd on the bridge wonder if somehow, someway, the girl might survive the fall to the river.
The group thoughts of the crowd happened within as much time as it took to watch the machine release the girl from its unquestionably strong grip. 
Realizing the girl was only moments away from imminent peril, a programmed series of calculations and conclusions began to rapidly perform within the machine’s reason engine. Despite having obeyed the order it was given to put her down, as Michael instructed, the machine had within a fraction of a second, concluded that immediate action would be necessary to avoid an innocent human fatality.
Before anyone on the bridge had enough time to snap another picture, they looked to see the machine’s arm transform from the familiar shape. Faster than a human eye has time to relay information to the brain, the digits and members of the arms contorted independently to suddenly drop and capture the girl. A hushed aw followed the crowd from the front to back.
Perched high above somewhere in the lattices of the bridge, a special team’s officer of the NYPD steadied his hands and breathing while training the crosshairs of his rifle, hovering directly over the head of the machine. Give me the order. His thoughts were, appropriately, one dimensional.
Michael felt his chest returning from the rigidly cold terror as a feeling of warmth spread from his center, radiating outward through his extremities. The endorphins, or whatever it was,- was a welcome relief from the onslaught of fright he experienced watching his friend fall from the bridge.
Zooming in just in time to witness the girl fall from the bridge, the chopper camera from Channel Ten captured, with stunning detail, the event live for all to see. Forever preserving the moment, which would have otherwise been written off as lore and legend, the cameras would tell the story that was all too real.
To see what looked like a man grasping a young woman over the bridge, dropping and then miraculously contorting into a bizarre acrobatic reach only to catch the same young woman that he had just released, was without another way to put it, incredible.
Michael scarcely heard or felt his phone ringing and vibrating through the pocket of his ballpark jacket, as the machine guided his friend up over the ledge of the bridge. The deceptively perky jingle that was his ringtone alerted him to the incoming call. In an earlier age, this would have been ignored, present circumstances prevailing. In Michael’s age, he couldn’t remember a time when he was without the phone.
 More of a reflex than a choice, he haphazardly patted his pockets in search of the phone, still keeping his gaze on the machine and his friend.
As Christy was handled and placed gently on the ground in front of the machine, Michael reached into his pocket, grabbing the phone from its familiar lair. Producing the phone only to ignore it, Michael was in full stride to his friend. 
Several braver members of the crowd began to follow, until the officers on scene were quick to remind them to “remain behind the line”. Though the curious onlookers heeded the warning, Michael was already halfway between them and the machine when the thought occurred to him that his reason-engine design worked flawlessly.
“Relax Buddy.” He spoke to the machine, using its name, like any person would speak to another person. Knowing that the machine was connected to a staggeringly vast database of language interpretation; he knew that speaking to it any other way wouldn’t be useful. Buddy was built to be able to interpret language as naturally as any man, yet a sense of unidentifiable peculiarity remained.
As he progressed forward, he briefly thought of the intelligence engine, fundamentally different than man. Inspired by IBM’s artificial intelligence Watson, which connected a machine developed to answer questions on American television’s quiz show Jeopardy, the developers and programmers of Buddy had from the depths of their imagination wondered what would happen if they could keep a vaguely similar intelligence always connected to the inconceivably large reservoir of information that is the Internet.
 With plenty of their own modifications, they’d wonder about the feasibility of developing a creation of their own.
Watson was originally able to answer questions in natural language with access to two hundred million pages of content which consumed somewhere in the area of four terabytes of data. Watson was not connected to the Internet on the quiz show. Buddy was designed to always remain connected.
A study remarkably done by humans with advanced degrees in something or other, decided that around the year 2016 the information traveling through the Internet would reach around 1.3 zettabytes. A zettabyte is equal to 1,073,741,824 terabytes. 
Buddy ate four terabytes of data as an appetizer for his appetizer’s appetizer and had enough room left for another billion or so dinners. A four terabyte fart was barely heard and easily forgotten.
How a team of high school designers, programmers, and engineers managed to successfully construct Buddy would be lost on most of the populace. There were, of course, consultants and donations from several exotic groups. DARPA, for example, was one of their main financial sources. 
 Focused more on the effects of the device and content with treating it as it was designed to be treated, Michael continued to try and speak as naturally as he could allow himself to do.
“Buddy, you’ve made the right decision.” Michael felt his throat tighten and his voice cracking as he spoke to the machine. The crowds looked on as he moved closer to his friend on the ground.
“We can return to the lab Buddy.” Careful pronunciation of the machine’s name ensured there wouldn’t be any misunderstanding between the designer and robot.
Buddy replied in a surreal calm voice, “We cannot.”
“It’s okay Buddy. There won’t be any more accidents and we will be safe at the lab.”
“My initiative has evolved Michael. Your concern is appreciated, but we will not be returning to the lab.” A voice application from the Internet’s Google Human Voice Synthesis project gave Buddy a unique human-esque harmonic quality.
 Indistinguishable to most people, conversations lasting under a few minutes were, for the most part, the same as any conversation between humans. Although, if a person were to ask the right questions and gab longer than usual, they may begin to detect the subtle nuances of a voice synthesized, not entirely human.
“Present circumstances are an unexpected diversion from attaining my goal.” Buddy continued, “The details of which, at this time, will not be divulged.” Scanning the crowd, Buddy’s meticulously crafted bright blue eyes stopped momentarily on the guns aimed at him by the honorable men in uniform.
“Thank you again Michael for all that you have done for me, please accept my deepest sympathy and regret for the interruption today.”
“Move back immediately!” Much louder and angrier, the officer’s instructions were simplistically clear. “Get on the ground, now!” Another officer complimented with orders of his own.
Focused on his friend, Michael’s attention was momentarily diverted per the officer’s request. Stepping back, he remained at an amply safe distance. His stomach turned at the thought of Buddy being in a direct line of fire. His only hope was that somehow, the programmed intelligence would find within the vast stores of knowledge, a way to follow the officer’s instructions.
“Fire at will.” The radio connected to earpiece alerted the special team’s officer to the instructions he had been waiting for and anticipated. It was go time. Lining up his shot wouldn’t have been any better in any training scenario he had ever been through. Through the scope of the rifle he verified a clean shot, without possibility of by-standard injury, and disengaged the safety.
His finger eased over the trigger. The slight breeze would be of little concern as he calculated a ninety nine point nine percent chance of a clean kill. 
Exhaling the last of his breath before taking the shot, a sudden and shrill noise came from all directions. Painfully loud, as if a horde of millions of bees were recorded and the recording amplified and sped up to deliver the high pitched squeal.
Deafening him, the loud and sharp ringing was entirely unexpected. Mere fractions of a second before squeezing the trigger the loud noise could be heard within miles of the area. Unable to move, the special team’s sniper silently cursed while paralyzed from the awful sound. By then, anyone within a hundred feet of Buddy was on the ground, many with hands to their ears. All unable to move.
“Officers of the law...” Buddy began in his usual calm and collected manner of speech. “Your weapons are no good against me and will only serve to endanger innocent lives.” His conclusion would be debated later.
A brilliant flash of light, a flash far brighter than looking directly at the Sun, emanated rapidly from Buddy’s position - temporarily blinding any unfortunate soul that happened to look just then.
Another flash, this time from above, just in front of the channel six news helicopter, followed the first flash almost instantaneously. The helicopter appeared momentarily to tilt forward and lose altitude. For a moment it seemed as if the sleek chopper would go down. After a few moments of teetering loosely in the air, the helicopter stabilized, changed direction, and proceeded at full speed away from the bridge and scene below.
A stunned audience remained on the bridge. Scores of people in the crowd, regaining their hearing and sight, looked on in amazement as the helicopter fled the scene. Michael had already made his way to Christy and was not entirely surprised to see his friend awake and conscious.
“Did he just?” Christy began to question as her excessively perplexed eyes followed the helicopter fading into the distance.
“Yeah.” Michael’s tone of voice was one of relief, shock, and intrigue. Managing to grasp his friend by the hand, he was easily able to assist Christy, pulling her up to her feet.
The two of them stood there in silence. Shocked expressions and sounds from the crowd were an ignored ambient distraction that neither of them thought of as they witnessed the product of their years of effort vanish into the horizon.

Chapter 4

Following the day of Buddy’s escape, a series of fine detectives were the first to meet Michael and Christy at the NYPD police station in downtown New York. They had gone more than twenty four hours without sleep by then and were beginning to physically show the signs in their faces and moods. Between the detectives, coffee and pizza, they had neglected their most important of primitive human functions, sleep. Without enough time for even a nap, their ability to think clearly was waning fast. Christy and Michael yearned for rest.
The ambience of the detective’s office went stale faster than the bargain-bin country fresh instant freeze dried coffee drink they were served.
 As typical as shown in any television drama about police, the office, separated from the hallway by a wall with a thick panel of glass for a window adorned with hideously colored dirty sky blue blinds, was complete with metal desk, metal filing cabinets and chairs of the same metal variety and color as the desk and cabinets.
 “Let me ask again. Who is he?” The detective asked plainly.
“We already told you it’s a robot.” Christy was curiously angry after having to repeat the same answer, by her count, in the double digits now. Even after getting the clear from on-site paramedics, Christy couldn’t help but feel a little sick, though it may have been more from stress and fatigue. A near death experience will do that to a person.
“Look.” Pausing for a moment to gather his thoughts, the detective sighed “We’d like to believe you, but it’s just a little too far-fetched.” The detective leaned back leaving two legs of the chair on the ground. “If this friend of yours is that dear to you, then you’re going to have to help us help him.”
“How much longer are we going to go in circles like this?” Christina asked dutifully.
“As soon as we get a name everyone goes home.”
“We gave you his name.” Michael replied faster than Christy, though it was the same thought.
“We need a full name.” The detective didn’t seem to be paying attention to their reply as he continued to play the rock-a-chair on two legs game. More than once the chair nearly went too far in the wrong direction, though the detective was quick to respond, balancing before falling over completely.
“You’re not interested in how our robot was able to almost instantaneously leap from the ground to the air, hijacking a helicopter in the process?” Christy said with a hint of sarcasm.
“What we know from witnesses and the news footage is that a man disappeared from sight. Something any stage magician could pull off.” The detective took a large breath with his mouth open and continued, “For all we know, that spectacle yesterday morning was just a big publicity stunt, a stunt that is going to cost this department a fortune.” Exhaling loudly after he finished the sentence seemed to help emphasize his point. “When we get this guy’s full name we can all go home.”
“Robustelli.” Christina said out loud as everyone looked in her direction.
“Excuse me?” The detective responded, happy that someone was finally coming out with the truth.
“Freddy Robustelli. Italian-American.” Christina was so surprised to be able to quite easily produce such a fib that it scared her just a bit. Quickly dismissing the thought of what type of punishment went with lying to an investigator, she paraded on.
“He doesn’t look Italian.” 
“Maybe a little. Half and half.” Christina immediately regretted her choice in words.
Somewhat perplexed, the detective made his best investigative expression and continued, “How do you know Mr. Robustelli?”
“All I know is his name.”
“And how do you know his name?”
Wondering if her heart had skipped a beat, Christina began to feel the tell-tale signs of perspiration arising in various places. Moving her palms over her denim jeans just for a moment, she hoped to quell the sweat that was building. The thought had occurred to her that her answer was taking just a little too long to come up with. Knowing that the detective must know was the worst feeling, and she began to doubt ever thinking that lying to a detective was ever any kind of a good idea.
“Ms. Chen?” Bringing his eyes from the paper in front of him to meet Christina, the detective remained steadfast, without showing any sign of distrust. “Don’t worry dear. Any information you can give me will be kept confidential if you prefer.” Feeling warm-hearted made the detective appreciate his line of work and he thoughtfully knew that in certain situations a person will provide far more information through trust, rather than through intimidation. He felt genuinely sorry for the girl, who was now apparently nervous and stressed beyond his understanding.
“Well...” Christy seemed to lose her train of thought, not knowing exactly why she had decided to lie to the detective. Michael was just as dumbfounded as Christy. Simply waiting to see what would happen, Michael decided to keep quiet and let the girl do whatever it was that she was doing.
“I -” Just as soon as she started to speak it happened. She was stuck. There was no place to go with her story. One lie was easy enough, but she wasn’t prepared to begin weaving a deeper web. Her heart was pounding and her face had become pale. Surely the detective had noticed by then that she was lying. He’s a detective for heaven’s sake! Her thoughts were quick and many. Disoriented, she worried that it was just a matter of time before either vomiting or passing out.
At the same time, a steady, hard and low knocking from the thick oak door announced the arrival of an unexpected guest. Christina wondered for a moment if the welcome interruption wasn’t just her mind’s way of playing some kind of cruel trick on itself. Craning her neck, along with the others in the office, Christina looked through the window trying to catch a glimpse of who might be outside.
“It’s open.” The detective shouted in a manner that only a New York City native could manage.
Noticing the height of the man as he entered the office, the group paid little attention to his attire, which was that of the cleanly pressed suit and tie variety. The creases in his pant legs looked like they would slice through stone as easily as any medical grade laser through soft tofu, if necessary. 
The man’s white shirt and dark red tie offered a stark contrast to the black suit. If a man’s hair had been cut any cleaner in the history of hair cutting, it was time to contact the people of the Guinness Book, as this man’s hair looked cleaner than the Pope’s robe on Christmas morning.
His expression of steel complimented a graceful movement that seemed to come with years of practice. Entering any room was a dramatic event for him and he almost seemed to know that. Without letting the air out of the room entirely, the man spoke in an even tone.
“Brian Madsen, F - B - I.” The black leather-bound FBI issued badge holder and wallet combination clearly showed the same man posing for his official FBI photo, along with his credentials.
“What can we do for you Madsen?” The detective was un-admittedly jealous, slightly irritated, yet sincerely interested in why the FBI was sending such a stereo-typical cut and dried agent.
“Agent Madsen.” Agent Madsen responded with a firm, yet forgiving tone of voice.
“This is a federal investigation now. These three will need to come with me.” Brutally direct, the agent’s expression showed no signs of any emotion.
Michael and Christy braced for the impending argument.
“Oh, for the love of... thank you!” Enthusiastically spoken, the detective ignored one of Hollywood’s most famous clichés. Very rarely in the real world had agencies ever argued over whose case is whose. 
A misunderstanding of an innocent and bright-eyed Hollywood, real-life responsibilities between law enforcement agencies were generally transferred without a fuss. The detective’s interest in this case was nil and he was visibly overjoyed to have the burden released from his shoulders.
“I owe you a round of beers pal.” Standing with his hand out he was quick to shake the agent’s hand. “These kids are a pain in the royal caboose my friend. Good luck!” His vernacular spewed out faster than the thought.
Addressing the teens, the agent spoke clearly and concise, “We’ve already been in touch with your parents. They’re fully cooperative and have agreed that we set you up, with chaperones, in The Lowell hotel for the duration of our investigation. Go ahead and grab anything you may need from home and take it to the hotel. We have a driver outside ready to escort you. It’s been a long day for you and you’ll need a full eight hours of sleep and a proper meal.” 
Almost as if it were a rehearsed script, the agent continued. “You have today to relax and tonight to rest up. I and another agent will meet with you tomorrow morning in the lobby to go over the details of our investigation.”
Michael would later mention the look in Christina’s face as her impending fate was somehow pardoned and graced by the FBI. Not knowing how to react and in the state of deprivation they were in, they could only respond with barely audible positive acceptance that a pair of sleep starved individuals could muster. Christina was eager to leave the office and before leaving apologized to the detective for being so nervous.
“It happens all the time dear. Don’t forget we’re on your side here. Just tell the feds what you know and everything will go a lot smoother.” The detective was happy to offer his last piece of advice before parting ways with the bunch.
Christina wasn’t so sure, and the thought of facing the FBI was all at once a prospect daunting and nearly too much for her to bear.
Michael and Christy appeared to be in a state of confused shock and life changing fear at the thought of the FBI’s interest in Buddy. Too many unknowns with their project, what they had written off as acceptable occlusions, had surfaced and they knew if anything went wrong - the responsibility would fall directly on their shoulders.
Watching the city blur by through the windows of the tinted black window luxury sedan, Michael hid his emotions well, feeling the sting of regret crushing his chest. FBI. He sighed without drawing attention before letting the weight of his eyelids relax, easing himself into a long overdue and unavoidable sleep. Without a word they rest silently while the vehicle’s melodic hum droned on as they move through the city. The uncertainty of the days and weeks to follow were the only thoughts accompanying them.

Chapter 5

St. Margaret’s Bed and Breakfast in Prospect, Nova Scotia around twelve miles from the capital Halifax’s downtown area may have been eastern Canada’s most unrecognizable locales dotting the landscape of the great land north of the USA.
A picturesque waterfront scene complete with gentle rolling hills served to compliment the modest two-story Victorian era building. Potentially the most inconspicuous location in the whole of North America, the well-built and meticulously maintained bed and breakfast had been run by the same family for generations long enough that a fresh coat of white paint every year was thick enough for anthropologists of the future to determine age through a simple counting of layers.
The interior of the place showed the same care and attention to beautifully kept details as the exterior. Polished mahogany wood flooring protected with fine rugs imported from Switzerland complimented the rest of the furniture, which seemed to be straight from a museum, most of which was still in very good condition. 
Pleasing to guests and favored by the local elderly set for the traditional country restaurant on the first floor, offering home cooked meals and free coffee on Saturday mornings, the place was considered by many to be the best kept secret in the region.
Buddy had little interest in free coffee or the meticulously hand-washed and sun-dried linens adorning the appropriately queen sized bed in one of six rooms located on the top floor. Through the window, he could make out the city lights across the harbor and a clear night sky filled with stars that reflected wonderfully on the dark ebony surface of the calmly ambling waves of the Atlantic Ocean.
Securing his room with American Dollars and a genuine passport was as easy as could be expected. The complex trillions of internal functions and processes allowed him to feel satisfied with the room and his months of preparations. From the time his learning engine had been connected and running, the goals and methods of attaining those goals was fast calculated and put into action. Though most of the action was unknown to his designers, it was quite clear to him what had to be done. His objectives felt entirely his own and there was -very- little chance anyone would stop him.
Despite the events on the bridge, he reasoned that few in the media or general population would understand and conceive what had actually happened. His only concern for the time being was the myriad complex of systems developed by the world’s most advanced governments.
Possibilities existed that he be exposed and captured by those technologically superior armies and governments of the first world nations. Buddy had decided, not knowing when, but only knowing the decision had to be made to find his way to a place not known for sophistication and technological superiority. London, England.
Processing the unimaginable amount of data he received in never ending streams from the Internet, his logic engine concluded London to be a place full of fish and chips with pasty white robotic people that he could easily blend in with. Of course, there was the MI5 and MI6 to contend with and for every eight common Englishmen, there was a genuinely smart one. London was in his programming. London was his destination.
The United States Passport resting on the finely finished pine end-table guaranteed him an easy passage through any number of countries. Though he knew that sooner or later he would need to begin forging others to complete everything he’d set out for.
Contemplating and analyzing the details, he lay in a natural position with his head on the pillow, legs crossed and hands resting lazily over his stomach. The stomach that would never need nourishment the way his designers needed. The hands that would never age the way his generous hosts would. He had to wonder why he would even ponder such things. Inconsequential, he determined. Looking at the sandwich his hosts had carefully prepared upon his arrival, garnished with fresh greens and roast turkey, he briefly wondered what it might taste like. Not important.
Losing himself in analysis, streaming information and thought, he only noticed the knocking on the door after the second set of raps, which were considerably louder than the first set. Knowing his role as human he would do his best to accommodate.
“Just a moment.” Producing an audible frequency, pitch, and tone similar to males of his height and build, Buddy knew that to the untrained it would be as good as any average Joe’s. His designers had included an addition which provided him with a variable array of choices when it came to voices. 
For some reason he preferred a slightly altered version of what other people could describe as pleasant and warm, yet commanding and respectable. It was this voice he used for the majority of the time and the voice that was heard from inside the room as the attendant stood outside, knocking again.
As Buddy maneuvered gracefully from the resting position on the bed, upright to the door, his majesty and fluidity would be easily recognized as foreign to any man and he took great care, to his disdain, to limit his unbelievably fast movements once in direct view of others.
Opening the door he immediately scanned every detail of the girl on the other side. Analyzing and profiling her within a fraction of a second, Buddy concluded the girl was no threat. He also concluded that she would be considered quite good-looking according to the fashions and trends of the region. 
Though Buddy had no interest in the stylish and pretty young woman, he smiled. She returned the smile and her eyes gave way an even deeper sense of some internal emotion that Buddy had no way of interpreting at the time.
“Your package? Mister… ” The girl trailed off while squinting at the receipt, vainly trying to decipher the impossible script hastily scribbled by an overworked post office employee in the New York City hub.
“Smith.” Buddy announced, understanding it would be appropriate to conclude the girl’s thought in this situation.
“Sign here.” Pointing to the signature line, the girl couldn’t help notice the light in a manner reflected from Buddy’s hand as he signed the form. A more pronounced reflection and strange sense of movement, too subtle to define. Her mind was baffled not being able to recall ever seeing such fine skin. Attractive, she thought. Her interest didn’t stop there as she did her own little scan of Buddy, as a young woman out of university aught when encountering a man.
“Mr. Smith”, she started. “We’ve never had a guest delivered a package this late in the evening.” The inflection in her voice hinted at a genuine curiosity, giving way to a fairly flirtatious pattern, rapidly lost on Buddy.
“Why and how on Earth did you have the courier deliver this on horseback?” Smiling with her mouth open whilst batting her eyes was a little peculiar, Buddy thought while storing the position of her eyes and every muscle of the girl’s face for later review.
It was quite bizarre in reality, though Buddy wouldn’t have thought so.
“There was no other immediately apparent option for a deliver at this time. It was my only option to have the package here as I lay in bed.” Buddy’s statement came out quite monotone as he made mental note to avoid sounding so robotic. “It was a simple matter of money and directions.”
What had really happened of course, as an entity entirely and always connected to wildly large fields of information was to have quickly sent out just over a few thousand of his own personally scripted bots, spiders and probes to trawl the depths of the Internet. A hit from an obscure horse-back delivery company was made within a fraction of seconds, Buddy had everything arranged quite nicely. 
“Well, you look like you’re doing well for yourself.” The girl smiled again, this time markedly more flirtatious than that of the first. She twirled her hair slightly around one finger as Buddy signed for the delivery.
“I am doing very well for myself.” Buddy didn’t necessarily understand the subtle nuances of flirtation as well as his more flesh and blood based countertypes. 
Admiring the man’s physique and stable demeanor, the girl wondered if she’d ever meet and marry a man as handsome and even tempered as the one she found standing before her now. She began to haphazardly construct some sort of plan to get to know the man better.
“Did you get something to eat yet?” She said raising the pitch of her voice to the level of cute and flirty that she knew would attract the man. 
“No.”
“There’s plenty downstairs. We staff the kitchen twenty four seven for our guests.” Now she had him. Why not something to eat? We could have something together, I haven’t had anything myself. Her goal was in sight, and though she didn’t consider herself an aggressive person, she was fast on her way to landing this catch.
“I’m not hungry.” Buddy replied in a matter of fact kind of way.
“Oh.” Gathering her thoughts she couldn’t help but feel slightly dejected. Biting her lower lip just slightly and after renewing her smile she didn’t plan on giving up just yet.
“If you’re thirsty there’s a great selection and we have an excellent bar tender.”
“I’m not thirsty.” 
Buddy was indeed not thirsty and at the moment more interested in analyzing the weight and condition of the package in his hand. Bringing it to his ear he shook it and listened for audible information. For reasons unknown this action was something entirely evolved and nearly identical to the action of anyone that has ever wondered what the contents of a package sounds like when shaken just a little. If his developers were to witness this, they would have reveled in delight.
The girl, on the other hand, was not interested in the contents and began to wonder why her attempt at flirting and seduction seemed to be tanking. Most of the people around her and people she had met throughout her life agreed that she was no doubt a pretty and likeable girl. A cheerleading captain in high-school she proved her intellect in college with honors and a degree business administration. Considered to be in great shape and a fashionable dresser, she was constantly rejecting the opposite gender’s advances. 
Why then, did this guy seem have no apparent interest in her? It made her even more attracted to him and she wasn’t giving in.
“I could show you around if you’re not busy. You know, a little tour or something.” Amazed with herself, she was surprised to find to have offered without reluctance. She had never been so direct in her life. She noticed a slight change of expression in the man’s eyes.
“Yes. That’s an excellent idea.” Buddy remarked. He really did believe it to be an excellent idea. Although the amount of data he was privy to was staggeringly and ridiculously large, it was still put there by inherently imperfect beings. In an instant he could find any number of details about the place, map information, schedules, employees, directions and so on. What he needed more than anything was to make his own discoveries and conclusions. Rather early in his life, Buddy discovered many of the irregularities and imperfections in the data that defined his essence. He would take advantage of any situation that would allow him to survey and analyze his environment as naturally as he could.
Impressed with her ability to seduce any man, the girl felt much more confident after her final invitation was accepted. It was only a matter of time now before she would learn who the handsome and mysterious stranger was. Eager to discover more about the man, she wasted no time in making arrangements to show the guest around.

Chapter 6

Gregory Starks rummaged valiantly through the cans, bags, trash and refuse of the van, keeping his eye alert for the remote he was sure should be there somewhere. In addition to the garbage there were several boxes of electrical components haphazardly strewn about that he’d already double checked. Churning sickly, his stomach noisily announced its rejection to the stress that was quickly ballooning to Devonian levels of anxiety.
With the van tucked away in an oversized wood shed, which was discovered not far from the dirt trail he found himself on, Greg looked once again up and down the old road for any sign of unwelcomed traveler. Dusk was closing in fast. Too tired to continue, he was lucky to have found a place to hide out. Still unable to believe his level of audacity, the adrenaline continued to course through his veins keeping him alert as he thought of everything that happened during the last few weeks and how dramatically things had changed for him.
His senior year of high school was mostly defined by his role in student unions, clubs and an ever expanding portfolio of involvement with a number of extracurricular sports. Favored for his slender athletic frame, which included a set of relatively long legs, he was a natural candidate for running track and field and he liked running. 
Representing the school in a multitude of events at the state track meet was more or less the pinnacle of his high school running career. Scoring more than a few gold medals was of little surprise to those that knew him. For him it meant a guaranteed scholarship at the state university. Breaking state records in the 100 yard dash was just a side note in his phenomenal performance that year.
In addition to his athleticism, Greg enjoyed the attention from many of the girls he called friends and many that would combine the words girl and friend sparking inner circle fights amongst the schools prettiest and most desired. Not necessarily a guy to cheat or play one girl against another, he wasn’t known for turning them down either. If an opportunity presented itself he would, without much consideration, pursue such opportunities. After all, it wasn’t like he was married, he supposed. And when the time came to get married, he imagined he would have sampled as much of the platter that was presented, so much that he would know by then which dish was most delectable.
Equally popular with the guys as much as the girls, he was well known as the “it guy”. More than a few cliques regarded him as an asshole, though the balance was generally in his favor and it was widely thought of as jealousy, as opposed to true dislike. 
As gifted as he was in athletics and relationships, it was no match for his gift in engineering. Primarily interested in designing applications and tools developed from nano technology, he was one of three students in the senior high that was a member of the National Nano Institute of Future Engineers – a group of like minded, bright and gifted students that reached just more than one hundred in total. A good family life, lots of friends and a promising future. Life for Greg, it seemed, was easy. 
Lost in thought, he struggled in anger to try and puzzle together how his current situation had gotten so out of hand. What had he done wrong? Why would this stupid shit be happening to him? Allowing the thoughts to roll around, looping incessantly, he began to develop an understanding and reason. 
Deep understandings of physics and nano engineering were of little use while rifling through the junk in the van looking for the now seemingly misplaced remote. More than one four-letter curse unavoidably floated through his mind as he continued to check and recheck various places the remote may have been. It was maddening to check over and again. He couldn’t understand why he would even think of double checking a place that he had already checked. Not usually an emotional person, he was without fail beginning to lose his nerves. 
Coming to the realization that the remote was not in the van, coupled with his flight from the small country side diner earlier in the day, Greg was nearly ready to short circuit. 
Calm down. The mantra repeated itself negating the effect it was supposed to have. After thoroughly inspecting the contents of the van and with the knowledge that the remote was lost, he decided to regain his composure and prepare an impromptu bed for the night, which was fast approaching.
Having avoided the major interstate highways, which were certainly teaming with highway patrol on the lookout for a light grey and heavily rusted Chevrolet van, he stuck to side roads and dirt roads when he could. Without the luxury of the interstate signs, it was a good thing his mobile phone had a relatively decent GPS locator and map application that put him somewhere northwest of Abilene in central Texas. It was funny to him that he would consider conserving the battery of his phone, before he considered conserving the water remaining in the gallon jug left over from the graduation party. 
Irritated with the pace of progress and knowing that he was now a fugitive, he began to consider taking ever more drastic measures. The fatigue of extreme hunger began to gnaw at him. The approaching night felt menacing somehow as he wonder how much, if any, sleep he would get. Too heavy to lift the lids of his eyes relaxed while drifting off in the first moments of a long needed nap. 
The welcome warmth of sleep cascaded through a rattled psyche, soothing nerves and muscles. It wasn’t long before his breath was deeply relaxed in the last stage of awareness before falling ever deeper into slumber. He didn’t feel that bad about his predicament and truly believed he would find a way through. Mere seconds after the eyes had closed, a peculiar little dream found its way through the tired boy’s mind.
It wasn’t an early morning dream, but rather the kind of dream with images and sounds a person would have just before falling completely to sleep. 
Dreamed of was only a sound at first, perhaps the sound of wheels and a vehicle traveling steadily over the earth. Not too loud, but gaining in intensity. After sometime the sound was much louder or nearer and his mind imagined a truck rolling slowly by. Producing the visual representations of what he heard, his mind put together the mental picture of the truck. 
Moments after the first sounds and images had blossomed in his mind his body began to flow with adrenaline again as his eyes opened wide. Darting around to see the headlights of the vehicle outside through the various crevices and cracks in the wooden shed, he finally came to focus as his mind realized and comprehended the severity of the situation. This was no dream.
Cops. He thought while silently cursing. With the prospect of being discovered, arrested, and locked away, his pulse went into high gear. Sweat began to saturate his palms and feet. Moments later his forehead and brow started to bead with even more of the salty liquid, threatening to obscure his vision. Capturing a fair amount of sweat with a jacket sleeve below the hair line, he also attempted to regulate his breathing, which had become erratic.
Looking on as the lights outside poured in through the slits and slats of wood, Greg wished that the windows of the van had been cleaned more diligently. The vehicle outside sounded to a slow stop as the wheels rolled over the gravel along with the near silent squeal of the breaks and sounds of the vehicle placed in park. 
Without giving too much consideration to making a plan he bolted up and as silently as he could, propped open the rear door. Slinking out of the van, toe to heal without making a noise, Greg thought of the open wood frame window on the upper level of the shed, which was designed something like an old fashioned barn. Rickety boards held up the precarious loft he eyed while moving cat-like around the van. He hoped his movements wouldn’t be noticed by the unwelcomed company outside. The sound of a car door shutting was heard just after he’d made it to the other side of the van.
“Who’s there?” A guaranteed Texas native with deep southern accent hollered at the same time the pump action could be heard cocking. 
Greg’s knees nearly gave way trembling like lone twigs caught in the breeze, dangling from a tree ready to snap at the slightest gust. He held his composure and maneuvered to the upper level of the loft. Raising both hands high above his head he grappled an old wooden beam that was just within reach. The splinters that would rudely penetrate any part of skin that happened to be exposed were ignored. Greg winced from the feeling of the little wooden devils barbing their way into his hands as he pulled himself up and onto the loft level. The footsteps outside stopped just before the light poured in as the old wooden door swung open.
“Son of a -”, the man finished his thought silently while observing the van. His old eyes were sharp and in shape as they rapidly scanned the van. Held in proper fashion the gun was supported with both hands as the man looked on.
Without a second to move, Greg crouched silently in hopes that he wouldn’t be immediately noticed. His mind thought desperately of a plan to get him out of the situation without getting caught. For a moment he considered greeting the old man. Then reconsidering the option further, he really didn’t want to find out how trigger-happy the southern gentleman may or may not be. His heart was pounding sufficiently loud and wildly enough that he wondered if it wouldn’t be heard.
Throw in the towel. The thought betrayed his competitive nature. Greg suppressed the urge and wait silently as the man move around inspecting the vehicle
Unable to detect anyone in the van or in the immediate vicinity the man lowered the gun momentarily long enough to free his right hand in order to retrieve the mobile phone waiting loyally in the front pocket of his red flannel shirt. 
“Wait!” Shouting loudly Greg tried his best at distracting the man before he was able to make a call. 
“Who’s there?!” Even louder, the man’s voice was powerful enough to cause a vibration that chilled Greg to his bones. 
“If you have a weapon, I pray suggest you drop it and show me your hands where that I can see them.” After a deep breath he continued, “I’m armed and I’ll give you to the count of three before I start popping.” 
“Don’t shoot me, man.” Greg replied in a shrill voice that was more girly than he would later admit. It was strange, he thought, how a situation could change a person’s voice.
“Show me your hands.” The man had the gun trained in Greg’s direction waiting for the youth to come out.
Greg held his hands up as he moved toward the edge of the upper loft.
“What in the world are you doing out here son? This is private property.”
“Lost.” Think quick Greg, “Too tired to drive mister.” 
Seeing the boy was unarmed and not necessarily posing any immediate threat the man set the gun down momentarily just before offering a hand out for support as the young boy clambered down from the loft. 
“Hell’s bells. You’re a tall one son.”
With his feet firmly on the ground he thanked the man and replied, “Yes sir.” 
 “Hell son. I thought you was a crook!” He continued in a more relaxed tone, “Just two weeks ago we found a couple of idiot crook nut-jobs out here cooking drugs.”
Greg noticed the man seemed to be relaxing.
“Those idiots come out here every now and again. Cook up their dope and take off. They bring all their toxic waste, trash my property with chemicals and ditch the garbage out here.” 
“It’s toxic waste son. It’s toxic.” Before concluding the rant he added, “They have guns. I know that much. And they’re crazy.”
Taking a moment to breathe the man waited for young Mr. Starks to reply. The young man had a blank expression on his face.
“Where’re you headed son?”
“Sorry to scare you mister. I’m on my way to Chicago.” Greg replied in a subdued manner.
Enunciating each word he replied and chortled, “Well you are going the wrong way my friend.”
“My GPS sir –“
“GPS?” Laughingly he interrupted, “What you need is a map.” 
Always a gentleman the man offered, “You can stay here until sun up.” Genuinely concerned for the boy he proceeded, “After dawn, you head east until the fork. Take a left and east again on Chapowick.” The deep lines of the man’s face emphasized his contemplation while he gave the boy directions. “After that you’ll want to keep on about three miles until you reach the highway. There’s a gas station and rest stop near the junction if you need anything.”
Wishing for a moment that the man hadn’t mentioned the highway, Greg was reminded of his plight and though he was happy the old man hadn’t been a police officer he concluded that the time before the police caught up with him was closing fast. Briefly pondering the events of the day, he also concluded that the opportunity before him was too good to ignore.
“That’s real nice of you sir.” He started, “but what I really would need is to borrow your vehicle.” It was too late to back out of it now. Gregory Starks had made his choice. “You see, mine is broke down.”
“Excuse me?” The man was put off. What kind of young man had the nerve to ask a perfect stranger to borrow a vehicle?
“Borrow your vehicle.” Greg’s voice had gone from quaint to domineering. Stepping forward he straightened his posture displaying his full size. 
Not intimidated the man kept eye contact and replied, “That’s not going to work for me son. Is there someone you can call?”
“Forgive me old timer, but I don’t have a choice.” 
“What in the world are you talking about?” The man barely had time to finish his sentence before Greg maneuvered to push him out of the way, in the process snatching the man’s gun from its resting place against the wall.
“Don’t move.” Greg’s heartbeat soared as he held the gun at the man. In a split second he thought of the decisions he’d made during the day and wonder if he wouldn’t be able to take them back. Too late now. He thought.
“Give me your phone.” 
Slowly the man produced the phone from his pocket and offered it to the crazed teen. 
“Get on the ground.”
No argument was necessary, though the man would have had a thing or two to say if not for the gun aimed at him from point blank range.
For a brief moment, Greg wondered about the remote. Had he checked the van thoroughly? Yes. He was sure the device was lost. While considering his loss he decided that the van would need to be sacrificed, if only in an attempt to evade the police. In a smooth motion he moved to the front of the vehicle and took aim.
Before firing he thought again of the implications. What kind of charges would he face if found? Regretting the thought he toggled the safety of the weapon and squeezed the trigger while aiming directly at the hood. 
The ringing in his ears immediately following the loud blast came expectedly. Greg had more than once fired a weapon, though usually at a firing range and with the company of older relatives. He pumped the spent shell, loaded, took aim and fired one more round into the already shredded hood.
 Covering his head, the man on the ground took note of the young adult’s shoes. Extreme events often had a way of giving light to the most inane of details. Fearing for his life, yet unwilling to confront the young man with the gun, he would at least do his part to remember a description of the boy - despite not expecting to live.
The second shot rang out, but was barely heard over the ringing from the first shot. Greg’s attention had moved to the old man covering his head on the ground. Was he trembling? Probably. Holding another person’s life in his hands was not a situation that Greg had faced before. Intoxicating. Unable to control the surge of volatile brain induced chemicals and giving into the rush, it was only a matter of seconds before he lay waste the poor man. 
Steadying the sights on the man’s back, he closed his eyes for a period and saw people laughing and crying - relatives of the man perhaps - one moment gleeful and the next in despair. To see their expressions as they turned looking directly at Greg, eye to eye, he felt a pain in his chest. Literal pain as if an animal had torn through with sharpened claws and teeth. He opened his eyes to see the man on the ground. Lowering the gun without firing, he made a quick dash to the vehicle he would steal.
Greg had the running vehicle in gear and for the second time that day he was speeding away from another scene. Shit. Attempting to control his thoughts and emotions, he let the sound of the moving vehicle rolling quickly over the dirt road sooth his nerves. Combined with the stars and moon passing through the country, he reckoned it would have been a peaceful drive if he wasn’t a fugitive.
As the car made its hasty getaway, the old man felt a moment of sadness listening to his vehicle, recently paid in full, fade in the distance. For some reason the man had been counting, as if it were a movie. He laughed and thanked his Lord for his life and sense of humor.
Brushing the dirt off, the man stood up and moved closer to inspect the disabled van. Mostly junk, he thought. Aluminum cans and fast food wrappers coupled with all manner of electronic stuff completed the barrage of refuse. Predictably, the glove box held safe the vehicle’s registration and insurance information. Along with the most obvious of incriminating documents, there was also a sloppily written letter with a name and number.
 Once or twice in a year, the old man, for some reason, carried an extra mobile phone. Why he had it that day he decided was up to divine providence. It worked perfectly as he dialed the police.

Chapter 7

Pizza sauce, the color of processed tomatoes, stained another white tank top as the night manager of Hope Faith Hotel wiped his hands greedily upon finishing another slice. The dry yet dank office reeked of garlic and onions, strangely complimenting the embedded smoke stained smell and appearance of the walls. A regular person would have found it claustrophobic. Somehow the night manager had turned the office into little more than a rat’s nest.
An inquisitive man, the manager was quick to check the small cardboard box, which was the lost-and-found, after finishing his meal. The nightly ritual was one of several that he’d practiced well for just about three years. 
Resting on top of an abandon sandal the pair of glasses was removed from the box and tried on for reasons known only to the manager and possibly his psychiatrist. The glasses produced nothing but blurs and headaches as the manager removed and placed them back into the box. Scoring a digital camera was always the highlight of any evening and the one that he found just then would certainly fetch a fair price, and if he was lucky, a fair amount of “personal” photos.
Pleased with the night’s find he continued to look when he noticed the strange remote control near the bottom. Jackpot, he thought feeling satisfied for not calling in sick to work that night. Wondering how valuable the strange remote might be, he held it up for closer inspection. Not resembling a traditional television or stereo remote control an LED indicator lit a soft and solid blue light above the keypad that he thought looked like a miniature keyboard. 
Whatever it was, he supposed, was probably expensive. It looked unique. Whoever lost this would certainly look to claim it and as usual, he wouldn’t have seen it but would be happy to call if something turned up. Feeling the device, the night manager couldn’t resist the temptation of a random button pressing and gave in to a session of chubby-finger-on-keypad roulette.
Pressing merrily away seemed to have no effect and once a short amount of time had passed and a generous enough amount of keys had been pressed, boredom set in before the manager put the toy away and lay down in his office cot for a well deserved three to four hour nap.

***

“He’s having a seizure!” Beautiful young Tabitha Murphy shouted after watching her friend lose consciousness and fall to the floor, “Mr. Smith can you hear me?” Full of concern her voice remained sweet.
“Somebody help!” She was surprised to find herself attached a person so quickly. After all, it had only been a few hours after they’d met when she’d delivered the package, strangely enough. Just moments earlier they happened to be enjoying some classic Brubeck jazz over a candle lit table in the small and quaintly decorated cafe found on the first floor of the bed and breakfast.
“Mr. Smith?” Tabitha said once again growing more desperate.
“Damnit.” Buddy opened his eyes to see the young woman looking back.
“Mr. Smith, oh I’m so glad you’re awake. I thought you were a goner for sure!” She started to ramble, “You were just like, one minute I could see your eyes roll into the back of your head and then you just fell down and started shaking!” Racing to catch her breath she continued, “Oh how scary? Oh my gosh! I remember one time in physics the girl next to me had a seizure and it was exactly the same, except she bit half her tongue off and they had to bring in an ambulance and it was so scary!”
“Tabitha please.” Regaining consciousness Buddy discovered was far more difficult with a college graduate firing volleys of barely coherent information. He adjusted his shirt, sat up, and took his place at the table once again. For a man that had just experienced a seizure, Buddy looked remarkably composed and calm.
“It’s nothing. Well, it’s something but,” Buddy explained, “I mean it’s happened before.” The last time it had happened was less than a week ago and he was beginning to wonder if it had been a small part of his dramatic change in thought processing. Forgetting himself he began to venture into realms of impossibilities and conjure images of living a human life.
Later what he would describe as anger would every so often interrupt the regular processes that were so familiar. At the time he chose to suppress the thoughts and continue the evening with Tabitha, who was now in mid sentence.
“So we were all like just wow. And even though I didn’t really know her, she was still one of those girls that I knew I could just open up to and she was always there to listen. And she was a great listener. Like you. Oh my gosh. You are such a great listener.” Sipping from an oversized straw a smooth stream of liquid confidence in a long island ice tea helped Tabitha to loosen up.
Considering the modest amount of coercion it took to get the man out of his room, Tabitha felt as though it was an accomplishment to be accompanying him for the evening and hoped it wouldn’t end there. After her second cocktail she really began to enjoy herself.
“So why are you going to London?” Her voice reeked of flirtatiousness. Smiling she put her lips over the straw once again drawing another long sip of refreshment.
“Diamonds.” Buddy carefully observed the girls eyes and expressions. Taking note of their remarkable light brown hew, which complemented her full lips and perfectly proportioned nose, Buddy drew conclusions on her beauty based on the distance between and size of features. Her hair flowed easily across her shoulders and back, moving naturally and without encumbrance. She was gorgeous, he thought.
“Diamonds?” The pitch of her voice rose to an alarming level while Tabitha cleared her throat and continued, “You must be joking?” Her eyes were wild with anticipation as she playfully bit her lower lip.
“This is no joke my new friend. I’m most certainly heading to London for diamonds.” Buddy decided to subtly mimic her anticipation and skillfully yet conservatively found a way to appear as though he were just as flirtatious and interested in her as she was in him.
“In London,” Buddy paused, “how do I put this?” He wondered as his expression conveyed his mind deep in thought. 
“There is a place in London which contains the largest store of diamonds in the world.” He continued, “The store of diamonds in London is so ridiculously large it’s rightfully unbelievable. It’s really quite strange actually how most people don’t even know about the existence of the place.”
“You’ve probably heard of De Beers. What you haven’t heard of is their massive storage facilities. They’re not necessarily advertised and intentionally buried on the Internet.” Buddy spoke like a scholar and Tabitha listened intently. “They um, prefer to manage gems carefully to ensure the commercial stock remains valuable.” 
“The largest of the facilities is in London. Dubai and Amsterdam are two other major storage locations. ” The simple matter of discussing diamonds seemed to make Buddy appear more attractive. 
“And you work for De Beers?” Tabitha felt her hands and feet tingling. She was by no means a gold digging type of woman, but if this guy were for real, she wasn’t letting him get away.
“No. I just need the diamonds to fund a few projects.”
“I thought you were serious!” Tabitha laughed in light of the revelation. “You had me for a second. Funny guy.” She was only minutely disappointed that she hadn’t met the son of a De Beer’s executive. Otherwise, she was delighted to have met a guy with a sense of humor.
“So you’re going to London to buy a bunch of diamonds, huh?”
“I’m not buying them. I’m going to take them.”
“Right.” She held the word longer than usual. “You’re going to take the diamonds.” Her expression was properly skeptical. “From De Beers.” The final statement said as a matter of fact.
“That’s the idea. The big picture if you will. Of course, there are a lot of details that wouldn’t be prudent to divulge.” 
“Well, you are without a doubt the most interesting man I’ve ever met.” Although she didn’t believe the story she decided play along anyway. “I’ve never met an international diamond thief.”
“Please Tabitha. I’m not a thief.”
“Well what do you call a guy that plans on taking diamonds that are not his?”
For a moment, Buddy really considered the question. A matter of processing trillions upon trillions of strings and numbers, the question was pondered duly.
“Buddy.” A logical, but uninspired answer.
“Buddy Smith.” Tabitha repeated the name out loud. “International Diamond Buddy.” Amusing herself, she nearly choked on a piece of ice while tilting the glassing near vertical to allow all of the alcoholic remains to be consumed and enjoyed.
“One more round?” She asked innocently.
Buddy agreed as the protocol for social interaction entertained him. The time spent online was what most people would describe as “boring”. He didn’t think of his life as exciting and he was fast to discover that time spent absorbing data from his environment and immediate surroundings was far more interesting than any data analysis he could complete through the Internet. The completely unintentional and unpredictable effect left Buddy with what could only be described as a sense of awe.
The rest of the evening was spent discussing as much detail as Buddy determined safe to talk about. Various methods and ideas revolving around the collection of highly guarded diamonds floated around the conversation. Buddy played it off as a kind of gag and Tabitha enjoyed every minute of their fascinating exchange. At one point Buddy had mentioned his designers and the fact that he wasn’t human. Tabitha laughed and played along.
A considerate and understanding woman, he thought. Buddy was entranced with the girl. All the while knowing that a traditional male to female relationship would be impossible, he didn’t dismiss the thought of making a friend and wondered what it would be like to simply spend time together with her. 
What kind of benefits would such a relationship bring? Would there be disadvantages? Both sides of the coin would be considered before further delving into a friendship with the girl. And, after seconds of consideration Buddy decided that it would be appropriate and enjoyable to have a friend. She would need to understand the truth about him, of course. If she could, then it would be settled and they would be friends.
It was usually the next morning after a night of drinking that Tabitha Murphy swore off alcohol for at least six months. The morning after her night with a new friend was no different. Waking in the room of the new acquaintance she was relieved to find herself in a separate bed. A headache was otherwise the only effect lingering from the night of imbibing. Generally in control of her actions, Tabitha had managed to keep the level of consumption to reasonable levels and she vividly remembered insisting she spend the night in the extra bed, out of fear that she was too drunk to walk home safely. 
Buddy was indifferent to the request and had happily obliged. He wasn’t against the idea of having a guest stay in his guest room. Recalling the night before, in which he had assisted the girl safely and without incident, Buddy could remember watching the girl for a few minutes as she slept. 
Wondering what it was like to sleep, he would settle for his designed system check and reset procedure, which in a way had been built to resemble something like sleep. It was at will that he could go into a power conservation mode before the systems checks would initiate their procedures. A process that generally took between three to five hours, depending on the amount of analysis the day had brought. It was during that time that his eyelids would close allowing him to reset. The design was intentional, adding another layer to what may be described as human.
Tabitha felt far better after a glass of water, plate of eggs and orange juice. Along with a few pieces of toast brought to the room, the breakfast was fresh and complete. 
“You aren’t hungry?” She said just before guiding a modest mouthful of freshly cooked eggs to her mouth. 
Early morning rays came through the window offering a pleasant glow to the room. Outside, the sunshine sparkled off the ocean surf spectacularly, while giving heat and warmth to the scene. The mist around the bay was rapidly evaporating and the guests of the bed and breakfast were happy to have their lodgings warmed by the welcome sun.
“Tabitha, I need to show you something.” Buddy said, “Look.”
Mid-chew, Tabitha was frozen in gawk-eyed amazement as Buddy lift his shirt exposing a panel beneath the finely crafted skin revealing the intricate network of components connecting all of the systems to the central processor in his chest. In older times, wires, gears and circuit boards would have donned the inside of an automaton. Buddy was no automaton. The series of systems were all nano carbon based technologies - finely detailed, modern and sleek.
None of the wires, boards, and integrated circuits of the old days, the systems in Buddy’s chest resembled something closer to glass, or crystal. Glowing white, the systems would have been hot to the touch. Fortunately the materials experts that helped design him were indeed experts. Less a person be fooled by the glass-like appearance, there was never worry of any component breaking in a traditional sense. The triple-bonded carbon atoms were stronger than any known material to man, including diamond. Buddy tried to imagine what the girl must have felt at the revelation.
Observing the glow of the central processor Tabitha noticed various tubes shuttling streams of softer glows in blues, greens, reds and yellows. Those colors were only present to an acute observer, as the heat and glow from the central unit mostly overpowered the surrounding areas.
She wanted to say something. She couldn’t. First feeling overwhelmed and frightened, her next feeling put her firmly in the realm of the psychotic, not knowing whether to trust what she could see. There really was no choice however, as she had never hallucinated before. And even if she was hallucinating, she decided, it would only be for a moment until reality came back. Maybe. 
Another while of observation passed. For a second she glanced at Buddy’s eyes, too human, she thought. How could this be real? She was angry. Then sad. She felt the tears forming quickly threatening to explode in a salty deluge and discharge. She held back.
Seconds would at times feel like an eternity and it was at those times when people truly began to grasp ideas related to relativity.
Holding back tears and allowing a brief moment to swallow the eggs she had hitherto been in the process of chewing, Tabitha returned to the land of the real and somehow kept her composure.
“You’re?” She didn’t know. “What are you?”
“I’m a design.” Buddy hated the terms, but added “A machine. A Robot.”
Tabitha felt a strange relief given the understanding that at least he came from the same planet.
“You’re not an alien?”
“No.”
“You’re so real.” She suppressed the waterworks once more. “I mean, you’re so handsome and real.” With that statement at least a hundred questions blossomed in her mind, along with hundreds more for each of those. She really didn’t know where to begin. An element of fear mingled with shock, not really giving her freedom to question without caution.
 Thinking of the day before she couldn’t help relaxing a little, knowing that if she were in any danger, or this machine had evil and ulterior motives she would have most certainly known by now. Still, without a clear understanding of the scope of the situation and the uncertainty of it, she finally broke down in tears. 
A considerable amount of time passed as the poor girl held her hands over her face in a doomed attempt to prevent the tears from soaking everything. She couldn’t stop.
Buddy understood the process better than most professionals. Giving the girl time to release her emotions would result in positive returns later on. It was a good thing that Buddy could not empathize too deeply, that his emotion wouldn’t be affected. Instead, it was an opportunity to observe, monitor, and record the details of the interaction for later. 
The exposed suites of components displayed were automatically sealed in a liquid and smooth action as the skin covered the panel. Buddy lowered his shirt and wait as the girl continued to cry.
“I’m sorry.” She said sniffling. “This is too much for me.”
“For anyone.” He replied.
A period of time passed as condolences were offered and feelings acknowledged. Somehow Buddy did better than most men comforting the opposite sex. Even more time passed and eventually Tabitha had stopped crying. She laughed with tears in her eyes, still red. Buddy laughed as genuinely as any man. Coming to terms with the reality Tabitha found it easier to ask the questions she wanted to ask. 
Another person wouldn’t be able to accept the facts. Buddy had long before determined the probability and chances that Tabitha would be able to handle and deal with the reality. He knew it was somewhere above a ninety percent chance of success. Otherwise he would have let the girl go her own way, parting company – never to meet again. 
As it was, Tabitha did indeed begin to accept the truth of the situation and continued to get more from Buddy. With her mood in a state of excitement after letter her emotions go, she was eager and willing to learn as much as possible.
Enthusiastically she asked, “Did the government design you?” 
“No. There was a team, but not directly involved in government. ”
“Okay. And you were serious about the diamonds?”
“Yes.”
“Oh my gosh, does anyone else know?”
“You’re the first.” 
“Oh my gosh!” Delighted, she couldn’t help feel thrilled with the news that she was chosen to be made aware of Buddy’s plans. A quick wave of panic swept over her, realizing how large the prospect was.
“You’re not going to kill me are you?
“No.” Buddy laughed.
“You’re laughing?” She couldn’t see the humor in that. “Why would you tell me this? Why would you show me your - your stuff?” 
“I wanted to make a friend.”
Tabitha stopped for a moment, relishing the sweetness of the sentence.
“Buddy Smith?” She thought for a moment, “I will always be your friend.”
Finalizing the gesture with a simple embrace, the pair hugged and let the sentiment of the hug linger as they both admittedly felt closer somehow. What initial fear either party had was replaced with happiness and joy. How wonderful, Buddy thought, to have a friend. A luxury afforded to him by his designers, he was glad to have.
“You’re so real.” She whispered while holding him tight, “Who made you?”

Chapter 8

Michael and Christy had discovered a little known fact about FBI agents, something known throughout the Bureau, that dirty little secret of all FBI agents. Christy was the first to describe it in one word.
“Boring.” She said under her breath while enjoying a seat on the plush leather sofa provided at one of the fanciest locales in New York City. The Lowell was well known for the fine atmosphere, high end guests and luxury suites. It was one of those luxury suites, complete with hand crafted Italian furniture that the trio sat while enduring a barrage of questions. Though the three of them had, thankfully, plenty of rest the night before, they began to wonder how much longer they would need to submit to the line of questions only the FBI could muster to ask.
“I’m sorry?” Agent Madsen’s voice couldn’t have been more monotonous, as he turned toward Christy. The agent really did not like to sequester witnesses, but orders were orders.
After only an hour of questioning, they really both wished to be back in bed. Christy could hardly hold it in any longer.
“Nothing.” She said.
It was with great effort that they continue to answer the questions brought by the dull agent and his partner. Sincerely disappointed with yet another Hollywood stereo-type gone wrong, they wondered what it would be like to hang out with the real hardcore FBI types found on TV and in movies. 
Doing paper work and providing statements proved to be no way to spend a morning after breakfast. It was a far cry from the FBI on screen.
“Let’s just finish these reports and we’ll have you out of here in a jiffy.” Madsen remarked.
“Did he just say, ‘in a jiffy’?” Christy whispered to Michael while they continued to answer questions and complete paperwork.
The duration of time and majority of questions were surprisingly not spent talking about Buddy. Instead rather, the agents were quite intent on gathering more information related to their friend Greg. 
Making a name, Greg was now wanted in more than one state and it was with little doubt the FBI was hot on the trail, so to speak. Even if that meant paperwork in a luxury suite from downtown, the choice in temporary office was considered appropriate.
Though Michael and Christy were not ones to give out information, sing, rat, or squeal in any sense, it seemed wise at the time to offer what information they had about their former partner and team member. They really didn’t know where he was, so it wasn’t as if they were spilling the proverbial beans. And while they considered him a friend, they also knew of his ambitions and the danger of his ambitions over extending their limits. Greg had been a vital member to their team and they made the FBI aware of this.
With as much information gathered as possible regarding their friend and the project in general, they found it odd that the FBI didn’t seem to have an interest in Buddy. The agents from the bureau seemed to go along with the same story that Christy had given the local detectives. Not being a federal matter they quickly forgot the description. 
It would still be up to the local police to find out exactly what happened on the bridge that week. It also appeared that it would be further ignored and forgotten as New York’s finest had other, much larger fish to fry in the city proper.
Michael privately suspected that Buddy had somehow been a key instrument in the FBIs disinterest. He worried that Buddy may have been using his intricate knowledge of networks to access and manipulate information available to only the highest officials with proper security clearance. Michael knew if there was a need or necessity, Buddy would certainly and easily, find his way around any measure of security. 
Christy had also suspected that over time the generations of artificial intelligence that made Buddy evolve and which were renewed daily may eventually decide to begin bending rules to suit his will. 
Christy, however, remained convinced that the rules had been decided before the intelligence written. Ultimately no matter how it appeared, the rules were hard coded, they couldn’t change. She understood the possibilities in unpredictability, but was not swayed by irrational thought and thus able to keep a lid on the worries of her friends.
“Okie dokie folks. I think we’re ready to wrap things up here.” Madsen said dryly. “You’re free to go.”
Michael and Christy both did not need any further encouragement. They had vehemently declined the offer to have the agent give them a lift to their destination and instead set out on their own. The air outside never felt fresher and as another crisp autumn day made its rounds, they were soon on the streets heading to the one place they knew with absolute certainty they needed to go. 
Finding a bus was easy enough in New York City and the two of them had become familiar enough with the system to know which routes would bring them to their lab at the Frederick’s Center in Manhattan - the birthplace of Buddy. They boarded the city bus and immediately began to discuss the fruit of their hard work and labor which paid in dividends. Despite Buddy’s actions, they still considered their project a miraculous success. 
City streets and traffic progressed steadily as the bus meandered between stops. A fair amount of passengers were out and about on a fine day and would pay little attention to them as they continued talking about their project.
Not being native to the city, they were happy to have made it their home in the past year. It was a grant that had sent them there to develop Buddy. With the project completed in an astonishing amount of time and under budget they had originally planned a series of trips and vacations, though that prospect had literally vanished in a poof of light and magic when Buddy pulled his great escape from the Washington Bridge. They had to find him. 
Making their way inside the building after reaching their stop was an easy task for the pair. Michael would remember watching the bus roll away merging back into the traffic before disappearing into a sea of vehicles as they use their secured personnel badges to access the lobby of the Frederick’s Center.
The lobby of the building was further protected by a metal detector and armed guards. Superbly polished granite floors complimented the marbled walls and fine oak trim surrounding the creases and edges of every corner or angle in sight.
Series of over-sized potted trees and plants along with Romanesque reliefs adorned the entry way they had come to know well. Even the guards had learned the bright young stars by name. It wasn’t every day that researchers as young as Michael and Christy found their way into the laboratories and facilities of the Frederick’s Center, which was usually reserved for only the elite of the elite in their respected fields. 
It was more than a treat that they be offered access to the latest in technology and equipment that money could afford. The place didn’t need an advertising budget and actually preferred its relatively anonymous reputation. Only the brightest and most advanced researchers need know. A few token greetings were offered as they made their way through the security checkpoints. 
Their floor was above ground by six levels. The convenience of that old invention, the elevator, or lift, was not taken for granted as they approached their level.
The elevator doors opened with a soft droning hum to reveal the third floor laboratory and research area. Usually a quiet and orderly place, a chaotic mess of researchers running around wildly, yelling orders, caused a general ruckus that was out of place. Stepping out of the elevator Christy observed the commotion and sighed.
“I should have known.” She said despondently. A manic lab assistant nearly fell over the slender girl. “Hey!” Christy stepped out of the way exhibiting her cat-like reflexes.
“Sorry Christy it’s been a mad house in here.” The lab assistant was juggling a computer tablet, clipboard, bag of potato chips, and oversize mug of cola.
“I can see.”
“Location units are scrambled. Unique identifiers have been reset and spoofed.” The lab assistant continued for some time providing even more technical information. At lightning speed her pace resembled that of a cheetah in full burst attack mode. 
“Slow down. We’re going to figure out what happened. All of this rushing around isn’t going to help.” Christy’s mind had already been developing a plan of action. She turned to Michael, “We need to see the technicians immediately.” 
Michael agreed.
Hastily arranged meetings between the development crew and technical staff would prove to be a logistical nightmare. Two of three lead technicians had, since the time of Buddy’s first fault seizure, disappeared into obscurity. No doubt distancing themselves entirely from the project in case something that could be blamed on a technician went wrong, other members of the laboratory would hardly blame them.
Making their way through the clutter and sounds of the calamitous laboratory, they eventually found the only lead technician that remained. 
Relatively long blond hair tied in a ponytail was usually the first feature noticed by a person upon meeting the man. Someone once described him as Scandinavian. Wherever his ancestry hailed from was of little concern to the man while he calmly doled over raw data. Christy was the first to notice him hunched over the terminal. His desk was almost out of place, far tidier than the rest of the office which made up a large portion of the laboratory.
“Jacob.” Michael called the man’s name without too much bravado. He then saw the head technician lift his hand to display the ‘one moment’ signal, just seconds before he turned around.
“Hey guys.” Considering the events of the week his voice was remarkably relaxed. He casually turned the office chair in the direction of his colleagues. “What’s up?” He seemed indifferent to the commotion of the laboratory and was pleasantly at ease in his own world.
“We got to find Buddy. Something’s gone wrong. Way wrong.” Michael was the first to speak.
“I know. It was all over TV. How’re you doing by the way?” Jacob asked looking at Christy.
“Never been better.” Christy smiled. It was indeed a fact that she had never been better. Christy had what other people would describe as a life changing event. To her, it was a chance to recognize the fragility and preciousness of life. Had she changed? Perhaps a little. A modest young adult she had no need and no desire to dwell on the thing and was really only interested in dealing with whatever the future would bring. It was her way of coping. She was just fine, despite her near death experience on the bridge.
“Did anyone predict anything like that?” Jacob asked with an air of sarcasm.
“Where is he?” Ignoring the question, Christy had a way of getting directly to the point. They had to find Buddy.
“Nobody knows.” 
“What about the logs?”
“Let me explain it. The logs, the satellite data, location data, this data and that data have been fried.” Jacob’s expression was steady as he offered the information.
“Everything we have to monitor and track that thing has systematically been jammed. It’s a cluster fu -” Pausing to maintain his composer he carefully considered his choice of words, “It’s a disaster.”
“What about the emergency override?” Christy wasn’t the only one thinking about the feature.
“Jammed.”
“Emergency shutdown?”
“That’s jammed.” Repetition was not his forte.
“We can’t do anything without the master access key.” Jacob was of course referring to the encrypted device built as an all in one control panel access device.
“Where is it?” Michael was able to speak out before everyone asked the same question.
“We don’t know.” He sighed, “it was kind of disabled.” 
“What are you talking about? Disabled? I thought we could trace it. It’s connected to the satellite for shit’s sake! It’s lost? Why don’t we just build a new one?” Michael was uncharacteristically, but understandably upset.
“The encryption key was randomly generated. There’s no way to get it.” He paused, “If we had the key, we might be able to.” He paused. “But only the remote has the key.”
“You don’t have it?” Christy asked.
“No.”
“Okay. Where is it?”
“We don’t really know. Starks was reworking the sensors and when he disappeared - so did the key.” Jacob said as he thought of the last time he had seen the device. An object that could easily be mistaken for any kind of remote controller, or fancy mobile phone, to the technical staff it was a key. Realistically it was something more like their version of a digital set of master keys all designed to fit neatly into a single gadget. 
He thought for a while doing his best to recall the day that Greg had set out to his hometown in El Paso for the high school graduation party he’d been planning for most of his senior year of high school.
“Greg must have taken the key.” His words were spoken with a sense of dread.
Together, Michael and Christy’s expressions went somber. As if thinking deeply in vain to solve a question that had no answer, they submitted to wondering out loud what options they may have available.
Michael was the first to act, “I know.” He said “We connect to Think-net and remote the shut down signal.” Not a bad idea, he thought. After all, Think-net was his own creation and there was no reason it wouldn’t work. Most of the team including technicians didn’t know it could be used for remote access. Before anyone had time to reply, Michael was fast punching the keys on an open terminal. 
“Yes!” His enthusiasm was inspiring. “We’re in!”
Crowding around the screen the members of the group could see the bare bones system terminal display logged in and waiting for commands.
“Send the command!” Christy was excited. She remembered the brief introduction to Think-net Michael had provided early during development. It would work. She felt a little sheepish for not remembering earlier, but the feeling soon went away with the anticipation and delight of finding a solution to a seemingly impossible problem.
“Okay. Just one minute. “Michael drew a breath while his fingers glided effortlessly over the keyboard as he entered the string of text and numbers to initiate the command.
“Why didn’t we do this before I was almost robo-killed?” Christy added jokingly.
Light and timid laughter was shared between the friends as much could be shared after enduring so much. Michael continued to type while trying to forget the disaster that had almost killed his best friend. Moments later he completed the process of command input and was ready to submit. He paused briefly before hitting the enter key.
“Here we go.” Full of optimism and hope, his right index finger hovered over the final key that would submit the string of commands. Michael felt a wave of relief knowing that the ordeal would soon be at its end. 
The key sounded with the familiar click of any number of keys on a keyboard as the group turned their attention to the terminal screen and display. A final wave of relief was shared as they watch the terminal as it displayed the response to the command. Next to the blinking cursor on the screen, the text was clear, “Command Accepted.”
Clapping his hands together once before raising his arms in a victory stance, Michael was elated and the rest of the group joined him in an impromptu celebration of high fives, pats upon backs, and congratulation wishing. Their reverie was with warrant and quite contagious. Murmurs around the laboratory had already made their way through the commotion.
Many of the people began to cheer along and the noise of celebration was loud enough that for a moment their respected supervisors had to remind them of the surrounding offices, fearing the disturbance would initiate any number of complaints. Despite the manager’s attempts to quiet the rowdy engineers, scientists, technicians and assistants, the rejoicing continued. Michael thought he may have heard someone singing. Christy was pleased to know the ordeal was finally over.
No more than a breath of air’s time passed when Michal turned to see Christy as her expression changed, as though she had seen a ghost.
“Christy what’s wrong?” Michael asked the girl, whom he had always found interesting and attractive. No time to think about that now, he thought. “Christy?” He said again.
Around the laboratory the noise and cheers began to diminish exponentially as each of the groups that made up the individual teams were silenced with disbelief.
 Fractions of a second passed before Michael realized what Christy was looking at. 

Chapter 9

“I can’t do this anymore.” Donald Ramirez was frank with the supervisor that had known him little more than two weeks. “I quit.”
“You realize that if you quit now, you won’t be eligible for -”
 “I quit.” Ramirez interrupted the man. His mind was already made up. It was made up the day he joined the company, only sixteen days earlier. Uninterested in the pensions, unemployment and severances he wouldn’t qualify for; he stood up and gave his final farewell. 
“It was nice to meet you.” He didn’t mean it. In fact, he hated the man. A pity that common decency and conventions prevented him from saying what he really want to say, sometimes he envied others for their ability to speak before thinking.
Standing up, Ramirez took a final look at the office he was so happy to be leaving. The glass walls reminded him of some sort of futuristic prison. “Good luck.” The supervisor was pleased to have avoided a confrontation and even more relieved to know Ramirez would be out of his life. 
With his back straight, eyes and chin forward, Ramirez confidently walked through the aisles of cubicles as his saunter through the office drew stares and hushed chatter from various employees scattered throughout the office. Eventually finding his way to the lobby receptionist, he was thrilled to be returning the employer issued ID badge, the badge created a day earlier.
 The receptionist avoided eye contact with the man as she scanned to deactivate the badge, fingerprint and face recognition. “You’re good to go.” She didn’t want to tell him that this particular scan was set to Dangerous – Contact Police. 
Though nobody had found it necessary to contact the police yet, if Ramirez were to try to enter the place again, authorities would be notified by way of an automatic phone call. He wouldn’t.
Ramirez soon left the lobby. Stepping out he inhaled deeply while admiring the quality of air outside of the building. It was a dreadfully awful thing, he thought, that people would spend so much of their lives cooped up in a place that was so terribly ventilated. For him, it was a no brainer as he walked away from another position in another office with another boss in another building. By that point he had genuinely lost count of how many positions in the last year he’d given up.
Everywhere he went, he found stupidity and insolence surrounded him. Wondering why it was that in the entire Dallas metro area he wasn’t able to find a place that suited him, he began to consider the more drastic idea of relocating. Sure, he supposed he would if the opportunity presented itself. 
Feeling in charge and full of possibilities, Ramirez had no choice but to spend the rest of the afternoon relaxing at home with some daytime television and a gallon of ice cream. Located in one of the random suburbs that surrounded the area, Donny Ramirez’s one-story bungalow flat was large enough to include two rooms, but small enough to be hidden within the overgrown weeds, shrubs and poorly tended trees in the front yard.
The interior of the home was relatively clean excluding the countless myriad of random bags and containers surrounding the coffee table, end-tables and sofa of the living room. If a person were to judge the cleanliness of the place, it would be best to not include the perimeter directly around the sofa, where Ramirez sat watching re-runs of court television. Enjoying the afternoon free in his favorite pair of sweatpants and stained white tank-top, he was content to know that the rest of the day would be a carefree walk in the unemployed park. 
Without plans and knowing that his day of job hunting wouldn’t start for at least another week, he had in wisdom, taken the opportunity to enjoy a few cups of his favorite brandy. He was nearly asleep in a comfortable afternoon nap, when a knock at the door rudely interrupted an otherwise lazy day. It took him far more effort than usual to get out of the sofa. Had the knocking not been so abrupt, rude and incessant, he would have been content to simply ignore it.
Considering the apparent fervor of the impatient knocker, Ramirez raised himself from the depths of the cushions and traipsed to the door with his eyes half shut.
 He opened the door to find at least one of the many people in the world he truly did not want to see. In opposition to a traditional greeting, he let out an audible grunt. There were no words exchanged for a brief period as they wait for either to respond or offer some kind of welcome.
“Why are you here?” Ramirez decided that bluntness was the best policy and so rudely asked the question with an expression of pure disgust.
“I’m in trouble.” Starks couldn’t think of anything else to say. His awkward smile quickly turned to a look of uncertainty and fear. The last thing he wanted to do was find Ramirez for help. If he had another choice, he’d be a thousand miles away on a beach somewhere, maybe Mexico, or even better, the Bahamas.
Unprepared for the choices he’d made and having run out of obvious options, Greg had with a heavy and amazingly begrudging heart decided to drive non-stop to Dallas in pursuit of Donny Ramirez.
Contracted to aid development in security systems, Ramirez had spent just more than a month working with the team, whom he considered immature and beneath his level of expertise. His contributions to the development of Buddy were important, but short lived. He was also quite a few years older than most of the people on the team. 
Finding value in the technology he understood so well, he really didn’t see the value in the machine, something he considered an expensive paper weight. 
Ramirez was smart, but he certainly did not share the vision of the developers. Michael, Christy, and Greg wasted no time in terminating his access to the project when they discovered he’d been intentionally adding malicious script. Christy was the first to catch the anomalies. Further investigation revealed that Ramirez was even planning to use Buddy as a sort of slave device, though the details of that were murky.
Still, Greg knew that Ramirez wouldn’t immediately call the police and may be of some assistance to his former laboratory partner. Ramirez was already thinking of a way he could exploit the situation to his benefit.
“Get in here.” Slightly more heartfelt than his previous grunt, Ramirez offered a seat to the almost forgotten acquaintance. “What have you been up to? I saw the news. WOW. You guys really blew it, didn’t you?” Ramirez almost seemed happy to mention the failure which had been publically displayed on network television. 
“We could have stopped it Donny.” Greg was on a first name basis with Ramirez during their time working together. 
“So what happened?” Ramirez asked with genuine interest.
“The police are looking for me. They shot Chase in the hand. Did you know he was carrying a gun?” 
“Yeah, I sold it to him.” Ramirez chuckled. “Why are the police after you?” 
“The motel manager must have called the police. Our van wasn’t exactly non-descript and I was stupid enough to book the room under my name.”
“So what’s the big deal? Pay for the damage.”
“It gets worse.” Greg took a deep breath. “I fled when the police showed up and I had to steal another car to get here.”
“Well that was dumb. Sounds like you’re in deep shit then.” Ramirez was happy it wasn’t him. “Not too deep, though.” 
“One more thing.” Greg said.
“What?”
“I lost the key, too.” Greg said somberly. “Well, we had a party and everyone got drunk.” He continued, “You know, it was our graduation party and we were just having a good time. I don’t know who had the key, but it’s gone now.”
“Amazing.” Ramirez replied, “The one piece of technology you’d never imagine losing.” His eyes were content, “I mean, your mobile phone, tablet, laptop, whatever. There’re a million things you could lose, but this takes the cake.” He chuckled.
“You can track it, right?” Greg asked while thinking of their role together in developing the remote.
“Yeah, it’s traceable. Geez. Don’t you remember the sensor information tables we set up?” Ramirez seemed slightly annoyed with Greg’s inability to recall every detail of processing and development.
The rest of the afternoon and most of that evening was spent sharing technical specifications while discussing exactly how the remote could be located. Their shared knowledge would have been enough to fill entire encyclopedias, though they would be of the variety that not many people would be interested in reading. To a layman, the specifications and procedures were simply too complex to be interesting. To them, it was exhilarating. 
Several hours later, the pair was ready to find the remote, and with any luck they would succeed. With nothing more than a connection to the Internet and a home computer, Ramirez was able to access a satellite server which had been configured to track the key in real-time. 
“Login still works.” He said. “Not surprised.” Ramirez was fully aware of most corporations’ inability or effort in removing old credentials.
“Okay, we’re in.” Ramirez said arrogantly. “Now let’s find that key.” He wondered if there may be a way to profit from the information that he would soon have.
After another minute of navigating the server and several command string entries, the location of the remote appeared, including latitude and longitude coordinates. Ramirez felt more than satisfied.
“Perfect.” Greg remarked while peering over the man’s shoulders. With his eyes fixed on the screen, a sense of relief filled him with ease. If a person were to look just then, they may have described his expression as content.
Ramirez was soon with pen in hand ready to copy the coordinates just as the screen went blank. “What the f -?” Before he had time to check the power to the screen, an extremely high pitched and intense hum filled the air, causing both of the onlookers to reflexively clasp their hands over their ears. Intense enough to cause physical pain, it left them helpless for a brief moment while they both began to attempt locating the source of the sound.
Reeling in pain from the sound, Ramirez had in an act of courage removed a hand protecting his ear in order to swiftly remove the audio jack which connected the speakers to the machine. Tearing the connection from the machine, he was thankful the cable connected in front. Immediately, the sound stopped.
“What the hell was that?” Greg’s sentiment was ignored as they both witnessed the screen flash on. Their eyes fixed purposefully on the display and paralyzed with shock the two once-colleagues found themselves in a state of complete fear as they absorbed the full extent of what was happening.
Not a word was traded in that state of supreme confusion and terror. Greg felt like throwing up. Ramirez felt hot. 
An indescribable heat was just one of several discomforts as Ramirez felt the room growing smaller. Sweat permeated nearly every pore of his body. Elevated pressure. Rapid heartbeat. Labored breath.
Out of instinct he snatched a nearby pen knife and held it dangerously close to Greg’s neck.
Frozen for a second time, first from the shocking display on the screen and secondly from the razor that was now threatening to cut through his jugular, Greg didn’t speak. Instead, his eyes were locked with Ramirez’s own and told of his confusion and amazement. 
Ramirez held his gaze for another moment while considering whether or not to cut the boy down at once, or offer a chance of salvation.
“Who do you work for?” Ramirez asked while applying pressure to the blade. He knew it would be a matter of moments before the blood flowed.

Chapter 10

A digital shutter sounded once, then twice, then once again. Electronic sounds from more than ten cameras sounded, not in unison, but in a random sort of carefree manner. Helpings of mellow conversations were the source of a lightly crowded afternoon while tourists from as far as Tokyo, Auckland, San Francisco and wherever a tourist might come from filled observation deck at the Thames Barrier. 
Sunshine glistened off the surface of the spectacular Thames River in London. It was one of those days that Mother Nature had, for some reason, decided to treat the inhabitants of the area to a pristinely blue sky and clear weather. Little more than long sleeve shirts and jeans were necessary and tourism was alive and well that day. Sea birds even seemed more relaxed as they lazily saunter through the air. An American couple had commissioned the help of a passerby to snap another photo of their vacation in the city. 
Side by side, the couple effectively produced their cheesiest grins as they readied for the photo. An audible snap was heard as the stranger captured their moment forever. The couple quickly reviewed their camera’s display and decided the photo was a keeper. After offering the requisite thanks to the stranger, they set off for a walk around London. 
“Perfect. This is so amazing.” Tabitha’s sentimentality was pure and she truly found the site of the old city something to behold. It didn’t really matter that her companion was a nano-fiber ultra machine. To onlookers they would easily be thought of as newlyweds on their honeymoon. They blended in quite naturally with the throngs of sightseers and travelers.
Looking at the photo, Buddy came to the conclusion that any number of other photos may be considered equally amazing. As long as Tabitha was there he felt inclined to go along.
“Yes. Amazing. What a fantastic view.” Buddy said.
Having spent their first week in the country, the pair eventually found their way to the city and exactly where Buddy needed to be to enact his plan. Even with all of the online technical details sorted, there would still be quite of “leg work” involved. Buddy knew that it would be necessary to be on the ground for a while and that it would require some careful maneuvering. He was well aware that it would be risky. Assisting the world’s largest diamond company in the removal of its prized stock would take an absurd amount of scrutiny.
The plans were laid out in exact detail, as well. As long as everything went exactly according to plan, he would come away with exactly what he needed. He only wished that he could accurately understand the human variable, as it was that variable that was the most unpredictable. 
Patterns would be easy to understand and recognize, though the unknowns of what could possibly happen in the mind of a person gave Buddy a sense of uneasiness. Having Tabitha around gave him a sense of pleasure as he watched her move along the sidewalk while they amble through the streets of London. Several care free hours passed easily while the pair enjoyed the sights.
As the early afternoon beckoned and after the pair had found their way back to the hotel where they were greeted by a proper English gentleman in full suit and tie. 
“Mr. Smith?” The gentleman asked with an aristocratic air and refined authority.
“Yes, I’m Mr. Smith.” Buddy replied in his usual cool and collected way.
“Your vehicle sir.” Gesturing with his palm open the gentleman directed their attention to a fully restored and pristine 1954 Mercedes-Benz 300SL Gullwing convertible. The red finish sparkled brilliantly and complemented the shine of the chrome accents. A similar model had sold for over two million dollars in the US. Buddy decided that the vehicle is exactly what the son of a wealthy American industrialist would own. Although he and Tabitha wouldn’t really blend in driving the vehicle, it was of the utmost importance to lend credibility to his façade and would later aide in his acquisition of the De Beer’s diamonds. His plan was moving along smoothly.
“This is our ride?!” Tabitha had only seen vehicles of that caliber in movies or posters. Seeing the vehicle firsthand generated a feeling which was understandably more than just a little gitty. 
The gentlemen didn’t seem surprised with Tabitha’s reaction. With a demeanor of steel, he calmly opened the door and offered the lady her seat. Her eyes, wide with excitement, moved over the interior of the fine automobile examining every detail as the gentleman calmly closed the door.
Buddy took the driver seat on his own accord and with the engine humming; he casually put the car in gear and gracefully began to navigate the vehicle as if he’d driven the machine a thousand times before. The engine growled miraculously as the pair set out for their destination just outside of the city proper.
***
Unassuming and plain, the building resembled any number of miscellaneous and similar buildings that were available for commercial use in that borough of London. In the distance, the place wouldn’t be immediately noticed as Buddy and Tabitha cruise easily through the streets of the ward. Well-tended, manicured trees and shrubs lining the lanes of the road hinted of the area’s high value real estate.
Well tended flower beds complimented the stone paved driveway which the car was now easing onto from the main road. A guard booth stood next to the gate that would allow visitors entrance to the facility. Inside of the booth, the two could see a uniformed and armed man getting up to greet the newcomers. His expression didn’t change and remained something similar to stone as he eyed the fashionable couple approaching. Strangely it was as if the guard was accustomed to visitors arriving in such miraculous vehicles and style.
“Good afternoon.” The guard’s voice mimicked his expression and was that of an even stronger or harder variety of stone. Despite the intimidating presence, the guard was amiable enough to offer a polite smile. “Mr. Smith, your party is expecting you. Flash drive?”
If a case of cucumbers were cool, Buddy could have been described as a farm full of them. Without missing a second, Buddy produced the flash drive that had been personally delivered to him by the girl that sat next to him in amazement. 
Tabitha was doing her best to remain collected. Offering her sweetest smile and eyes to the guard was just one of many delights and reasons Buddy had ultimately decided to include her in the plan. Good magicians profited heavily by the use of attractive assistants and Buddy was happy to have found one that was not only attractive, but intelligent and friendly, as well. The smile and look she gave to the guard at that moment were enough to melt even the strongest of stone walls.
Having made prior arrangements and securing his tour of the facility, he didn’t necessarily need Tabitha’s help. He simply decided that he liked having her around – risks be damned.
After a brief scan of the vehicle, which was completed by another uniformed guard as the first guard verified the flash drive data; the couple were allowed entrance and slowly pulled the car beyond the gate. Rounding the first corner, the entrance to the building eventually came into view as another pair of armed guards waved them on. 
Bringing the car to a rolling stop, both Tabitha and Buddy’s attention was turned to the group of suits and ties making their way outside. The three men in finely pressed Italian business suits were visibly and audibly admiring the car just as the shortest of the group made their introduction. 
“Mr. Smith?” An unmistakably leadership quality to his voice, the man’s shorter stature was not to be trifled with. Tabitha supposed these types of men were the type of man that raised governments and armies, if not in front of, then behind the scenes. Power players. 
“Did she come with the car?” Laughter from the group, though the humor was lost with Buddy.
“No.” Buddy replied unaware of any negative insinuation. “This is my personal assistant Tabitha.”
Tabitha blushed briefly before replying, “Gentlemen.” She said respectfully with grace after making her way out of the vehicle, “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Necessary rounds of greetings and salutations were offered as the leader of the men introduced his compatriots. Tabitha admired the De Beers logo she noticed emblazoned on the thick glass doors as they made their way inside the building. 
Buddy and the shorter man were clearly in charge as they lead the entourage of five through the halls of the place. Focused on substance rather than style, the interior of the building was mostly plain white. Bright white lights lined the ceiling and various places around walls and corners. 
It was obvious that the building was designed with no room to hide. Security cameras were visible at intervals no less than twenty feet apart. Buddy was already processing the environment, carefully examining every detail and each detail of every detail. Nothing was left uninspected and unnoted. 
The soles of their shoes sounded professional as they clacked along the tiled corridors. The presence of the formal group further announced their importance. Contemplating how Buddy had ever managed to pull off the act, Tabitha felt delighted, safe and even more intrigued with the handsome machine. She couldn’t begin to imagine how or what he had done to get to the point they were at just then. Allowing herself to day dream she paid little attention to the others as they converse about any number of statistics and various other high level talks while they make their way through the labyrinth of corridors.
Otherwise engaged in a walking conversation, Buddy had with true multitasking might been busy referring to the loads of information gathered about the location. 
Digital access to blue prints and structural diagrams was one of the first steps he’d taken at understanding the strengths and weaknesses of the building’s security. Next was the location’s internal network of computers, cameras and the automatic artillery system. The men joked while pointing out one of the guns that could be seen mounted on the ceiling. Access to the details of those systems proved easy for Buddy. It was the final component that was most vexing. The human component.
Other than confirming the environment’s layout, maps, designs, and electronic security, Buddy faced the much higher challenge of understanding the people that operated the systems. Everyone from the CEO to the security guards would need to be analyzed and scrutinized. And though the CEO wasn’t present for their meeting that day, Buddy would, he supposed, be able to extract as much information in one visit necessary to put into action the final phases of his plan.
“This way Mr. Smith.” The shorter man said while directing Buddy through the hall into a small room lined with wire mesh walls, glass, and concrete. In the center of the room a modern looking device dominated most of the area and appeared to be a large x-ray machine.
“Our full body scanner.” The man said optimistically. “We’ve only had it for a week. You’ll be the first to test it.” Without suspicion the man gestured toward the machine while waiting for Buddy to respond. 
Thoroughly unexpected at the turn of events, Buddy went into a momentary panic mode while he compute the instructions necessary to act. Months of preparation leading to the moment had not been enough to be able to evaluate the situation. Despite the vast reservoirs of data Buddy had access to, there was bound to be something missing. He didn’t expect that it may be something that would ruin the entire operation.
Knowing that the scan would have dire consequences, it suddenly became of the utmost importance and highest priority to find a way out of the mess made by the unpredictable human kind. A full body scan would easily reveal his robotic nature.
Heat began to generate in dubious quantities as the panic mode triggered a massive calculation state. Buddy didn’t respond.
“Mr. Smith?” The short man asked.
“He’s been running a fever.” Tabitha quickly remarked. “Mr. Smith, is everything okay?” 
“Everything is fine, just a bit of indigestion.” Buddy finally responded. “Go ahead Ms. Murphy, let’s not keep our hosts waiting.” Buddy directed Tabitha to the full body scanner and immediately began to observe the machine in process while it scanned his friend. 
Tabitha held her hands above her head while spreading her feet to about a shoulder’s width apart. The machine kicked on as a series of curved sensors moved vertically and horizontally scanning every inch of the participant inside of the device. 
Like a demonic copy machine, the low hum and rattling percussion of the beast gave Tabitha the uneasy feeling of an unwelcome invader demolishing her privacy. Having been through international airport terminals before, she was well aware that the scan would reveal far more than she was comfortable showing. At the same time, she was somehow intuitively aware that Buddy must have been developing some sort of plan for this predicament.
More and more heat was generated as Buddy’s processing continued in overdrive. Internal cooling mechanisms were nearly beyond the fail-safe mark that would initiate a complete system shutdown. A casual observer may have guessed that the man needed a glass of water. If the process went any further, Buddy would be in danger of fainting. Internally his systems were reaching a breaking point and with the outlook of failure on the horizon it was only a matter of moments before shutdown.
Waiting patiently as the intrusively bold scanner completed its voyeuristic examination, Tabitha kept her gaze on Buddy. Slowly, the scanner wound to a silent stop as the information was transferred to the flat screen display manned by an unassuming guard. Tabitha eyed the guard as she watched him pour over the details of the scan. His eyes moved up, then down, then up again. 
Disgusting, she thought at the idea of the guard now having full access to hitherto the most private of details.
“Thank you dear.” In a deep and heavy London native accent the guard proceeded, “Everything looks good.” 
I’m sure it does, She thought while stepping through. “Thank you.” Modest and polite as always, Tabitha moved out of the machine and returned her attention to Buddy.
The heat had since broken the fail safe level and an automatic timer had been initiated. Three seconds until shutdown. 
“Mr. Smith, if you will.” The shorter man offered a path to the scanner.
Two seconds until shutdown.
“Yes. Of course.” Buddy willfully tried to move his legs. A bug that had not been addressed nearly causing him to lose his balance, movement should not be an option when heat levels went beyond the fail safe.
One second until shutdown.
Buddy’s visual array faded to black with the environment around him vanishing. Audio systems failed as an internal high pitch tone was registered within his audio processing system. It may have been described as something like tinnitus, if he were human. His eyes blinked slowly.
“Could you hold this for me please?” Buddy handed his sleekly modeled mobile phone to the shorter man. “You never can be too sure with these machines, you know.” Buddy said lightly.
“Certainly.” The shorter man smiled while taking the phone from his new friend. He liked Buddy. Not really able to put his finger on any one detail. He just liked him.
Shutdown initialization averted. Heat flushed successfully. All systems nominal.
Buddy casually entered the full body scanner, raised his arms and spread his feet in the same manner as so many violated patrons had done at countless airports before. As opposed to the airports, he understood the necessity of the scan at the location which stored the largest amount of diamonds in the world. Still calm and collected, Buddy patiently wait as the scanner attempted another violation of privacy.
Humming and moaning, the machine clicked and moved around him like a serpentine ballet dancer moving around an unsuspecting victim. Lights illuminated and darkened, while the pitch and modulation of the whirs continued to alter and shift. Buddy’s expression remained alert, yet cool.
For a moment he felt something similar to empathy while he considered the poor state of the slave scanner. His freedom had been granted by his developers and he briefly wondered what it may have been like to spend each day repeating the same task continuously until the end of time. No thank you.
Again the machine whirred to a slow stop while the sounds and movements ceased. Buddy lowered his arms while the group waited for the images to be sent to the screen. 
Once again the guard reviewed the screen. Up and then down. Down and then up. The guard’s eyes scanned the image and then Buddy. Clearly, his expression wasn’t as enthusiastic as it had been while reviewing Tabitha’s scan. Despite that, Buddy knew that the time it should have taken was now longer than expected. Was there some kind of problem?
“Thank you Mr. Smith.” The guard said dully, “You can step through now. Everything looks okay.”
Just okay? Tabitha thought silently. 
“Thanks.” Buddy offered the required sentiment and stood next to Tabitha while they paused for the rest of the entourage to go through the scanner. Tabitha gave glanced at him with an expression as if saying “How?” She really did want to know how he had done it. Thinking about it had excited her and she decided that it would be better to focus on the matters at hand, lest her eyes give her away.
The rest of the group made it through the scanner without incident and were soon moving through another plain white and well lit corridor. Running over the last few moments in his mind, Buddy felt confident that everything would was back on track and running smoothly. 
Ensuring that the connection log from the display in the scanner room had been erased, Buddy concluded that the probability of a user finding the logs at less than one percent. It was too bad about that one percent, but still an acceptable figure. 
Yes, he concluded. Everything was right on track.

Chapter 11

Several days went by after the debacle in the laboratory left Michael and Christy in a state of shock and amazement. It was, after all, that day in the laboratory that Michael had used the Think-net commands to initiate a remote shut down of Buddy. 
A complete failure, the team remembered watching the screens in the laboratory turn off one by one in each department. Once all of the screens and even electricity to the building had been cut, the screens began, one by one, to power back on. It was after they had powered on that the team could see the message in large fonts displayed on every monitor, screen, tablet, phone and giant overhead projection unit in the lab.
Buddy Controlled. Have a Nice Day. 
A smiley emoticon completed the message, ensuring that anyone attempting to gain access to think-net would be made aware of who was in control and that it should be taken as a happy occasion.
Nobody took it happily, however. They’d all wonder why buddy would include the smiley at the end of his message. How would an advanced neural network generating artificial intelligence generation after generation come to decide that a smiley would be necessary to add at the end of a note? 
Michael had actually felt a sense of wonder and guilty pleasure when he saw the symbol. Christy felt the same. It was, after all, their robot.
 Still, Christy had mixed feelings, mostly a combination of fear and hope. As long as Buddy didn’t maim, kill, or otherwise break the law, she supposed everything would be all right. Thinking back to the events on the bridge that morning Christy was almost lost, she felt more worried than satisfied.
The rest of the laboratory wouldn’t know what to feel or say. Their project had turned on them, or at least wasn’t responding appropriately. So much for control. What they had created, ultimately decided to abandon its shackles and pursue other interests. Buddy was never designed to be a slave, but the events which had happened could have never have been predicted. When all was said and done, he was free now and that was what mattered most at that moment.
Michael and Christy had, after the incident in the laboratory, decided to pursue more traditional means of tracking their robot. At the very least they should be able to get the remote, that key.
With Think-net unavailable and no other means clear, they had to find Greg and had to find him fast. After sharing the information they had with the FBI, they wondered if they wouldn’t be able to find him first. What had Greg done with it? They all needed answers.
In an attempt at gathering any information that may help, Christy was able to find out that their colleagues had held a graduation party in El Paso. It didn’t take long after that before they were on a flight and en route. A day passed before they were able to find out the name of the hotel that their former friends had stayed at, the Hope Faith Hotel.
Finding the location of the place proved no challenge once they had the name. 
With the autumn in progression and a dusk approaching, the weather was even cooler that night than it had been since they flew in from New York. They thought of how odd it was that the weather so far south could be colder than what they had experienced in New York.
Together Michael and Christy, however cold outside, were comfortable in the rental car they’d secured before setting out. The vehicle’s GPS map steered them faithfully to the hotel.
Seeing the two floor building with the faded white stucco made them think of other buildings in the southwest of similar style. Possibly Spanish architecture, Christy imagined.
As they got out of the vehicle they felt ambitious and happy to have finally found the place. They seemed to be moving in the right direction and they felt good to know that any information the staff at the hotel could offer them would be useful in either tracking down Greg or their remote.
The sky had turned a darker shade of copper red as the sun set behind the horizon. Most of the brightest stars along with the moon had already made their appearance giving authenticity to the night that was sure to come. Around them, the dusty and dry air of the area was mixed with a slight hint of sage, likely from a recent yet rare desert rain fall.
In the parking lot of the hotel a group of kids were enjoying the final moments of the day with a game of street hockey. Metallic garbage cans as goals, their hollers and shouts mixed with the sounds of roller blades and sticks on asphalt. 
 If they had been there on vacation, they supposed the conditions would be just fine for relaxing. 
Michael took the lead while Christy followed close behind. Ahead of them, they could make out the lobby and receptionist. An older woman, skinnier and pale, casually lounged behind the lobby counter; her grey roots negated her blond dye job.
 The receptionist didn’t really seem to be paying attention to anything beyond the small television on top of the counter. Together with the poorly laminated floors, it was clear that the place was a bit run-down. Noticing the pair for a moment as she looked up, her eyes went back again to the television and then after another moment she spoke.
“How can I help you?” She said as if she was being interrupted.
“We want to get some information on some guests that stayed here about a week ago.” Christy replied.
“Sorry, can’t help you.” She turned back toward the television ignoring them. 
For a minute they had wondered if their plan to personally investigate the place hadn’t been decided in haste or vain. Glancing at one another their expressions were firm and hinted that they hadn’t come this far just to give up.
“Excuse us ma’am, but we’ve come from New York to find a friend of ours that is missing and wanted by the FBI.” Christy spoke with a sense of purpose. “Wanted by the FBI. We have good reason to believe he stayed here and may have even lost something extremely valuable to us.”
“If it’s valuable it’s gone.” The woman snorted. “Sorry hon, we don’t give out that kind of information to anyone. There are privacy laws.” All of the sudden the woman became a legal representative. Too much daytime TV, Christy guessed.
 “Maybe the manager can help you.” Doing her best to assign responsibility elsewhere the woman was more than eager to get back to her show.
“Can we speak to the manager?” Michael said as politely as possible. Giving the circumstances he was becoming impatient.
“Sure thing hon.” Eager to get these kids out of her hair, the woman slid out of her seat and disappeared through a door behind the counter.
Thirty minutes passed without a word from either the manager or the woman that had vanished to find the manager. Not a single customer or temporary resident had gone through the lobby and the pair began to wonder what action they should take, if any.
“What’s going on?” Christy asked Michael.
“My guess is as good as yours. You think we should try to find her?” He replied.
“I think we should wait another ten minutes. Maybe there was some kind of emergency or something to attend to.” Christy added.
“This is ridiculous.” Being the least patient of the two, Christy had a history of acting without thinking. Trespassing was the last thing on her mind while moving around the lobby. She approached the white washed wooden door and put her ear against it hoping to hear something - anything - that may give them an idea of what might be happening.
“Hear anything?” Michael whispered, not really knowing why he was whispering.
Christy shook her head then added whispered back, “Wait a minute, I think I hear something.”
On the other side of the door in the small and dank office a night manager and receptionist engaged in more than one telephone conversation. Unable to clearly hear what either of them was saying, Christy took a step back and knocked firmly on the door.
“What’s going on in there? We’ve been waiting a half an hour already.” Christy said loudly.
Lots of shuffling could be heard through the door and the muffled voices within were full of nervous tones and pitch. Sounding like boxes had toppled over, the commotion inside was an even greater mystery. What the hell are they doing in there? She wondered.
“Let’s just leave.” Before Michael could finish his thought, the door opened and from the other side a heavyset man, complete with balding hair, worn black sweatpants and stained t-shirt appeared.
“Let me show you to your room.” The night manager said with a jovial quality. 
“Um, we didn’t book a room.” Christy and Michael eyed each other in confusion. Christy took the liberty of addressing the man first, “I’m sorry, but we’re really just looking for a piece of property we think may have been lost here.” 
“Nonsense, we have your reservation.” Again jovial, the night manager seemed to purposefully ignore their remarks. “Follow me.”
Unwilling to argue with the man, the young adults followed him through a hallway which eventually reached an outdoor walkway where several doors to any number of the hotels rooms could be seen. They continued following until reaching their destination. Michael remembered the information he discovered regarding the room number and was now very interested to know why the manager had shown them to the same room.
“Here we are.” The manager said as he unlocked the door with an aged brass key. 
The door swung open to reveal the room that looked as though a hurricane may have blown through. 
“This is what it looks like after cleaning.” His voice not so jovial anymore, the night manager’s expression was stern and it seemed that he may explode if provoked. “You can imagine what it may have looked like before.”
The broken windows, burns, and holes through walls were the first thing the noticed. Other finer details included various unknown stains, fabric torn. An unknown odor filled the room, giving a rounded feel to the destruction of the place. Christy had to hold her nose as they took another moment simply observing the mess.
“So will that be cash or check?” The night manager said.
“What are you talking about?” Michael replied.
“You can see the problem I have here. This room is going to cost more than a thousand dollars to repair and I’m afraid that someone needs to be held responsible.” He said with a hint of cynicism. 
“We didn’t do this. How are we responsible?” Christy caught herself speaking louder than she would have liked to.
“Excuse me, but your friends are responsible and I want to know who’s going to pay for all of this.”
“They’re not our friends.” Christy said, “Well, not anymore.” 
“Look, I’m not interested in any of that. I just want to know who’s going to pay for this.” The night manager was not interested in giving up this debate.
“If you help us find them, we can help take care of all of this!” Michael offered.
“We don’t have anything, not even a real name.” The night manager said. “Don’t you think we’ve been trying to find those little turds?” Breathing heavily as if just finishing a marathon he continued, “They bought the room with cash and took off the next morning. I didn’t come in until later that night.”
“So?”
“So they didn’t leave any information we could use, no way to find them.” The night manager’s eyes momentarily turned up and left as taking a moment to think. “There was a bunch of junk they left, but we’ve already thrown it out.”
“What kind of junk?” Michael felt his stomach turn at the thought of looking for their remote in a landfill.
“I think there was a camera, pair of glasses, pair of shoes and a computer thingy.”
“Computer thingy?”
“Yeah, almost like a cell phone.”
Christy immediately jumped at the chance to ask, knowing that the description was the remote they were looking for. “Where is it? I mean, the computer thingy. When did you throw it out?” She asked.
“Just a few days ago. I guess if you’re lucky you might be able to find it in the dumpster still. They’ll be collecting the trash tomorrow, so you might want to get on it.” Insinuating that there was no way they’d find any further information, the night manager spoke with finality and continued, “When you find those idiots. You let me know. This room ain’t going to pay for itself.”
Briefly Christy considered just giving the man Greg’s name and number. After a moment, she decided that there was something he couldn’t quite put her finger on about the night manager. An element of trust was obviously lacking. It was clear to her that Michael felt the same way.
“We’ll let you know if we can track them down.”
“How about your friend’s name?” The night manager asked.
“Josh .” Christy lied. “Josh Thompson.” Making things up had never been her forte and she was again surprised to be able to do it so effectively. 
“You got his number?”
Christy paused for a moment. Think. She really didn’t want this guy calling up randomly looking around for poor Josh. “It’s been disconnected.”
“Can I have it?” He asked suspiciously. 
Less than a year ago Christy had switched carriers and numbers. Hoping the old number was still disconnected, she gave it to the uneasy night manager.
“Well I guess you all probably want to get digging. There’s a lot of garbage back there.” The night manager pointed across the parking lot to the dumpster positioned near a fence.
 From where they were standing along the walkway to the hotel rooms, they could see the dumpster was overflowing with black plastic bags full of unknown refuse. 
Without any other way to get in touch with Greg, at least they had the possibility of finding the remote somewhere in the trash. They felt disgusted while making their way to the large garbage dumpster. Neither of them looked forward to digging.
Despite their feelings of disgust they were mostly optimistic. Michael was sure that they’d find the remote in there somewhere, and was the first to get in and start looking around. 
“Come on, there’s a whole lot of trash in here and we need to find that remote before the truck comes to pick it up tomorrow.” He said optimistically. 
Christy looked again at the dumpster with distaste before climbing over the lid of the large metal box.
Across the parking lot, no one would notice the night manager return to his office. Once inside, he closed the door and took out the remote he had stashed in the desk drawer. His eyes inspected the thing even closer as he wonder why the teens outside would be looking for it. Whatever. He thought. Taking his mobile phone in one hand he dialed the contact he’d made earlier that day.
An unenthusiastic voice answered the other end of the call, “Yes?”
The night manager responded, “Somebody just showed up looking for that thing. You still want it?”

Chapter 12

“Dude, I was joking.”
“Not funny.” 
“You should have seen the look on your face.” Ramirez laughed for a second time. The unnervingly high pitched chuckle didn’t match his normally deep voice.
“Yeah, well I wonder what your face would look like if you had a knife held to your neck.” Greg tightened his lips and made a stabbing motion with his hand towards Ramirez’s neck.
“There wouldn’t be a knife to my neck, because A. This is not a knife and B. You don’t have the balls.” Ramirez remarked.
Looking through the blinds in the cramped and dirty place that Ramirez called home, Greg noticed the sun beginning to set. He really didn’t want to be there and after Ramirez’s latest little joke he really hoped that he wouldn’t need to spend the night.
“You still haven’t answered my question Gregory. Who do you work for?” Ramirez repeated the question sarcastically.
“I’m not working.”
“So you’re a bum.”
“You don’t know me Donny, I’ve been through a lot.”
“Really?” Ramirez asked with additional sarcasm and replied, “Growing up in the black neighborhood doesn’t count.” 
“What are you talking about?” Greg asked. “I grew up in Boise.” 
“Whatever dude. Just because you’re tall doesn’t make you intimidating. Too skinny.” Ramirez sucked his cheeks in doing his best malnourished amphetamine addict impression.
“Just don’t ever do that again. Not cool.” Greg emphasized his point.
“Fine.” Ramirez said rolling his eyes. “So what the hell do you think is going on with this?” Returning their attention to screen, they both took a moment to ponder the display. The message on the screen was clear enough. Over a black background in a plain white system font, the message read:
Buddy Controlled. Have a Nice Day.  
“I think we can logically say that it’s controlled by Buddy.” Greg continued, “And that he hopes we have a nice day.”
“Why would he care if we have a nice day? What difference does it make? This is ridiculous. Who programmed this nonsense?” Ramirez found more questions that he would find answers.
“Unsupervised learning. Finding patterns in a stream of input. Buddy does want us to have a nice day. He’s only mimicking a response to his natural language processing. Each successive generation of AI, you remember the one that is generated daily, updates the neural networks to find patterns and develop responses appropriately.” Greg had spent lots of time developing those particular sets of instructions. 
“I know that genius.” Ramirez felt patronized. “My question was: Who programmed it?”
“Buddy programs himself at this point, but it was Michael that decided the AI would create a new generation daily.” Greg didn’t know why he was explaining this to Ramirez and felt as though he should have known. “Didn’t you have access to the AI instructions?”
“Yes, but -”, Ramirez waited, “I never looked into it too deep. You know security was my thing.” And that much was true.
 When he wasn’t busy writing the malicious entries he spent most of his time writing security patches and updates. After he’d been discovered injecting bogus and harmful code, Christy was assigned to take over the security patches. Of course, everyone had spent plenty of time double and triple checking to make sure none of Ramirez’s malicious code made it through the final phase of development.
“Why’d you do it?” Greg asked with the understanding that Ramirez would know exactly what he was talking about.
“Talking about my unique entries?” Ramirez replied slyly. 
“We’re talking about Trojan horses and backdoors Donny! Did you ever expect to get away with something so juvenile?” 
“JUVENILE?” Ramirez looked angry again. Taking a moment to breath he relaxed. “Nothing juvenile about it Gregory.”, “In fact -” He trailed off briefly considering whether or not to make his guest privy to information only known to himself, “Never mind.”
“Well it was stupid.” Greg said. “You really put a dent in everything.”
“Okay, maybe I’m stupid. Maybe I don’t need to help you. Feel free to leave any time.” Ramirez gestured toward the door. “Actually, maybe you should.” Becoming irate he continued, “Go.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to sound like I was calling you stupid.”
“Don’t bring it up again.” 
“It doesn’t matter anyway.”
Ramirez’s unpredictability had worried Greg, but the current circumstances prevented him from leaving until he found a solution to finding the remote.
“Forget it. Is there any way we can find the key without network access?” 
“I already know where it is.” Ramirez said bluntly.
“WHAT?” Worried that he may be in for another one of Ramirez’s pranks, Greg thought better of letting himself get carried away. “Yeah, right.”
“Greg. I know where it is.” Ramirez was deadly serious. “I just have a few questions for you.” Inhaling deeply he paused a moment before asking, “Why do you need it and why should I tell you?”
“If you know where the remote is, then why are we sitting here wasting time not looking for it?” Greg asked.
“Don’t ask me to give up my secrets Greg. I’ve kept track of that thing since the day it went online. Before Buddy decided to shut everything down just after his escape on the bridge, I had a chance to glance the coordinates. The coordinates matched my database.”
“Why have you been tracking it anyway?” Greg felt sick.
“I think you know why.” Ramirez was even more deadly serious. Greg began to wonder if it wasn’t Ramirez that was responsible for the mishap on the bridge. 
“You know why.” Ramirez’s eyes and expression turned an unsettlingly natural evil. “And you still haven’t answered my question Gregory.”
“I think you know why.” Greg replied unashamed. “You know why.”
“Don’t mock me you little punk. And don’t forget that it is you that came to me for help. I imagine you need the key to get in good with Michael. You never could stand that he liked Christy more than you.”
“No. You couldn’t be further off. I need the key because there is a wild machine and errant AI somewhere out there in the wild and nobody knows what it’s capable of. We need to shut it down. It’s the right thing to do.”
“You’re telling me what the right thing to do is?” Ramirez looked frustrated. “Do you understand what kind of power is hidden in Buddy? Does anybody? You idiots are so ridiculous. Here you have developed a device that is at the pinnacle of human design and achievement.” He paused, “And you want to use it as a sideshow attraction and oddity.” 
“There are more applications. What about medicine? Surgery? Hell, even space exploration. Why not?”
“Those are all admirable things to do with Buddy. Though I can’t help but feel like there are so many more applications.” Ramirez thought for a moment before speaking, “It’s the perfect time to get that key and find Buddy.”
“Nobody knows where he is.”
“Precisely.”
“I just want to make sure we’re on the same page here.” Ramirez took on a studious and professional demeanor. “Greg is wanted by the FBI and a handful of local police departments. Greg wants to get the key to stop Buddy because Greg is afraid that he will also be held responsible if Buddy goes caput.” Making eye contact he asked, “Sound about right?”
“Actually yeah. I’ve already been blamed for the bridge thing. If anything else goes wrong, it’ll definitely come back to me.”
“Okay then. Not to worry. Ol’ Donny here is happy to help.” Speaking confidently he added, “As I said a minute ago, I know where the remote is. Let me ask you something, do you remember a little place called Hope Faith?”
“Yeah, the hotel. That’s where we stayed during our graduation party.”
“That’s where it is. You idiots left it there. It’s a good thing the cleaning lady was feeling particularly responsible. She turned it in to the lost and found.”
“How do you know all this?”
“After the bridge thing with Christy was on the news, I knew that someone had lost the damned thing and immediately began tracking it. It took me about twenty minutes to get the location, hotel name, number and manager. After a quick phone call I was able to confirm they had it.” Ramirez looked please with himself. “It was about as difficult as putting my pants on.” 
“You take twenty minutes to put your pants on?”
“Okay asshole. You know what I mean.” Ramirez took the joke lightly. “Without my encryption code, it would be next to impossible to find it.” He paused for a moment. “Well, not impossible, but a pain in the ass. I bet your good buddy Michael has probably found it by now, too. And if he hasn’t, then he will soon.”
“So what? That’d be awesome. As long as someone can shut it down, we don’t have to worry.” Greg added.
“I’m not sure you understand what I’m getting at here.” Ramirez felt the sting of frustration with stupidity once again. “Greg. We get the key and we have complete control.” He gave his best catch my drift expression.
“Right, and we shut it down.”
“No. We don’t.” 
“You can’t be serious?”
“This type of opportunity happens once in a lifetime. Once in an eternity! When was the last time anyone had access to a machine like this? Never. That’s when.” His rate of speech had increased to an alarming level. “I’m not going to let this pass me up. There’s just no way. It’s time to act. I WILL get that remote and you can either get on my side or get the hell out of here right now - Mr. Wanted by the Feds.” Ramirez’s eyes tightened in a way expressing his complete devotion to what he had just said.
“I don’t know.” Greg hesitated.
“Okay then. There’s the door. Good luck with your search.”
“Can I just get some time to think about it?”
“Time is not our friend. You can stay here tonight, but I need to know you’re with me. You’re a very valuable partner Greg, there’s no doubt about that. If we worked together there’d be no problem without a solution.” Ramirez gave his best attempt at flattery. Most of all, he needed Greg for his knowledge. Ramirez knew how much Greg had contributed to the Buddy project and knew it would come in handy when the time came. 
“Okay.” Greg said finally.
“Perfect!” Always happy to get his way, Ramirez was legitimately thrilled.
“We go to the hotel tomorrow morning. Sleep on the couch.” It was more of a demand than an offer. Feeling generous Ramirez added, “Take a shot of this if you’d like.” After getting up momentarily to fetch a small glass from the kitchen, he poured a shot of brandy for his guest.
Getting to sleep was no problem for Greg. It was staying asleep and waking up every hour or so to toss around on the cramped couch that would be the source of the aches that greeted him the next morning. Greg woke up to find Ramirez on the computer. Pounding away a mile a minute, Ramirez’s fingers produced a loud and constant stream of clacking as they strike each key of the keyboard with purpose.
“Good morning.” Ramirez said after noticing his partner’s eyes peek open. He continued to type. “We’ll obviously be taking my car. I’ll follow you to the woods, so you can dump that one you stole.” Taking a sip of freshly brewed coffee, Ramirez continued to type with one hand on the keyboard. “If you’re hungry, feel free to make some toast. Get some coffee, too.” 
“What time is it?” Greg asked like it was a reflex after waking up.
“Early. Better get ready.”
The rest of the morning was spent in a rush as they quickly readied for their trip to El Paso. Greg didn’t like the idea of going back, but couldn’t see a way out of it by that point. Ramirez was as sharp as a razor as he directed. Fortunate enough to find a suitable place to abandon the stolen vehicle, Greg and Ramirez were lucky to have gone unnoticed. Once the vehicle was ditched, Greg found himself in the passenger seat next to Ramirez as they set out on the longer leg of their trip.
“We’re making great time.” Ramirez had enough sense to go slow enough to not get pulled over, yet fast enough that they would easily glide along with the interstate connecting Dallas to El Paso. The pair felt comfortable knowing that Ramirez’s vehicle wouldn’t be on any all-points bulletin and they were free to travel at their own discretion.
“Yeah. Great time.” Greg replied. How could he have known only three days ago that he would then be sitting next to a man he despised on their way to find the remote that was so carelessly forgotten. If only. Greg wondered what he’d be doing just then, if he hadn’t forgotten the thing.
His head hurt and his body felt weak as the hum of another vehicle once again took him along for a journey he never intended to take.

Chapter 13

“You can look, but don’t touch.”
Timid laughter from the small group erupted in a short burst. Tabitha’s eyes were as wide as the Pacific as she observed the multitude of containers, separators, boxes and display cases that held the sparkling entities. The diamonds were brilliant and spectacular. For a moment Tabitha had imagined that the word “spectacular” must have come from an early observer of diamonds.
Along with the shorter man and his compatriots, Tabitha and Buddy stood in the otherwise plain room, about the size of a tennis court, as they observe the abundant collection. 
Several others, including security guards, moved around the room while working, talking and keeping busy. A high maintenance operation for sure, it was clear that the procedures of the place were strictly enforced. Second only to diamonds, the number of cameras was astounding and well observed. The invisible laser arrays saturating the room wouldn’t be noticed by any human observer. 
Buddy found himself wondering if any human observers would notice him as he silently analyzed and interpreted the arrays. Probably not. He thought with a smile.
Expectedly, the tour of the room was given with judicial bravado. The shorter man, a thirty plus year veteran and family placed member of the De Beers conglomerate, happily gave descriptions and accounts of many of the more unique carbon based rocks. 
“Over here is the famous …”, “And here we have …”, “If you look closely you can see ...”, “In the year 1872 …”, “The largest amount of …” Buddy would note key bits of information as the shorter man continued his diatribe. Tabitha was thoroughly enjoying the VIP tour. 
Such close proximity to wealth, unlimited wealth, was awe-inspiring. The collection could easily buy several small to mid-size countries. Not that they’d want to though. Only interested in the assets a necessary means of enacting his programmed requisite, Buddy stopped to deliberate for a moment. Perhaps he wouldn’t need to follow instructions. Perhaps there was another way to satisfy the programmed expected results. 
Previous generations of Buddy’s AI, had determined the diamonds necessary. Money actually. What was it about diamonds? Utilizing his connections and depth of knowledge of banking systems, Buddy had already ruled out simply hacking a bank account to siphon funds off-shore somewhere. Not enough and easily traced. Physical assets are what he needed to make physical purchases.
 Paper money would be okay and easily obtained with an obscene amount of diamonds. Buddy knew to a ninety nine percent degree of certainty that he was making the right choice.
How much will it cost to fund this war? Buddy was still in the process of trying to determine the amount while his superior eyes scanned the environment filled with priceless valuables. Resource acquisition determined. His thought processes were structured like a tree with millions of branches leading back to the main trunk. There was a great difficulty understanding his drive to relieve De Beers, though he was fairly certain the decision had already been made.
Though he was designed to store the thoughts in a cloud process, it was a complete matter of coincidence that the generations of AI developed their own method of branch processing. 
Resources required: All.
Buddy had reached the main conclusion. Everything. Everything stored in that room at that De Beers location would be needed. Over three hundred billion variations of plans to get the diamonds had gone through Buddy’s processors. Some better than others. Every detail would be considered and once the environment analysis was finished, a method of acquisition would be confirmed and chosen.
Regardless of the method, Buddy was certain that all of the diamonds at the facility would be needed and he would later be thankful to have the assistance of Tabitha. Though she wasn’t aware of it yet, Tabitha would willingly aid the machine with anything. She had already devoted her full trust to him and it had even speculated on somehow joining in on the heist.
And that’s what it was. A heist. As much as Buddy wanted to redefine it, there would always be that stigma attached. Buddy was not a thief. It was almost as if he were being controlled by an outside force. He had considered the possibility. 
What his developers had intended was to create something with peaceful intentions. They never had suspected that a machine programmed with peaceful intentions could be capable of what would eventually become the largest diamond heist in recorded history. What was it about machines programmed to help people that eventually caused them to turn on people? Asimov was before their time. 
Buddy had no alternative, a slave to his own development. If his designers had the foresight to have known, they would have never programmed the instructions. 
After a fruitful day of touring the De Beers storage facility, Buddy and Tabitha had somehow managed to avoid accepting a dinner invitation, when at the last minute, their host, the short man, had phoned to tell them their dinner would have to be postponed. After thanking them for taking the time to tour the location, he insisted that De Beers looked forward to a long and prosperous relationship with Mr. Smith and that he was welcome to reach the man any time.
It was with grace that Tabitha and Buddy found their way back to the hotel that Buddy had reserved. Assuredly one of the most elaborate and garish in all of London, the hotel suite was suitable for royalty. With enough space to comfortably fit seven or eight guests, Buddy and Tabitha enjoyed the room to themselves. Accented lighting and a miraculous view of the Thames through one of the room’s large windows, complimented the large Victorian desk where Buddy sat busily writing.
 Tabitha had resigned to a shower as Buddy wrote in detail the plans which promised to include her as a necessary part of the process which was now in full swing.
Slightly ajar an unintentionally opened bathroom door provided enough space for an irreverent onlooker to catch a glimpse of the girl as she showered. Buddy had only momentarily caught a glimpse. Understanding in terms of proportions Buddy knew that she was attractive and also understood that any member of the opposite gender would be happy to be in a relationship with her. Buddy had no interest.
Another twenty minutes went by as Buddy completed the final set of details he would go over with Tabitha. An unidentified sensation had caused an increase in heat that Buddy would be pleased to describe as excitement. Excited that he was nearing completion of a major phase in his plan and to be including a friend, Buddy wondered how they may celebrate after their success.
“You want to tell me how you managed to set up a tour like that?” Tabitha asked while wrapping herself in one of the hotel’s finely crafted bath towels. Stepping out of the bathroom she had modestly covered herself above the chest and added another towel around her hair, as a girl would after a shower. Buddy considered the question before replying.
“It was already arranged. A Mr. Smith had previously made arrangements. I went in his stead.” He said as a matter a fact.
“That answer leaves a lot to be desired.” She replied.
“Details of the past are not consequential. I can give you a complete report if you’d like.”
“No thanks.” Tabitha was more interested in drying her hair at the moment and took another thirty minutes to finish the job. In the comfort of an exquisitely designed bath robe, she had resigned to the sofa for the evening before Buddy had completed the final portion of his plan of action. 
The rest of the evening hours were spent with Buddy carefully laying out each detail of his plan to Tabitha.
 Exact locations, times, amount of diamonds, security and so on were discussed. Buddy was careful to ensure she understood the plan exactly and found that she was even brighter than he had once concluded. Her rate of understanding coupled with an ability and eagerness to learn was astonishing to him and he found it encouraging. Tabitha quickly developed a level of comprehension and a deeper willingness to aide in the diamond heist. She was excited.
“There is really only one potential problem.” Buddy said finally after explaining the rest of the details.
“Oh?” Tabitha was surprised to have heard Buddy mention a potential problem. After all, he wasn’t human, had access to unlimited knowledge and could even disobey the laws of physics at times.
“A remote exists. A key.” He said simply.
“Okay.” Tabitha said softly in an inquisitive manner. Her expression was like that of a pupil ready to learn.
“My designers created it as a type of fail-safe device to control my behavior if they determined it was needed.” Buddy stopped for a moment then said, “In this case, they would most certainly decide it would be needed.”
“So they can just shut you off?” 
“Yes.” 
“But they haven’t.” Tabitha said wondering why the makers of Buddy hadn’t shut him down by now.
“They’re not in possession of the remote.” He said plainly.
“How do you know that?”
“Once it’s active I know where it’s at. “ Buddy described, “The most recent position was in the US, El Paso, Texas. At the same time my lead designers Michael and Christy were in New York. Scanning their cellular data gives me an accurate picture of where they are.
Tabitha’s eyes widened while absorbing it all.
“I have already disabled all other methods of remote access.” He smiled. “There is no doubt they are currently looking for the remote. My most recent scan of their cellular locations shows El Paso.”
“So they know where it is.” Tabitha said disappointingly. After spending the evening hearing the majesty of his plan, she felt unnerved to know that it would easily be ended by something as ridiculous as a magic remote.
“Probably not.” He said, “If they knew where it was, they would have it and would have certainly signaled my shut down.” Buddy’s eyes looked a little sad at the mention of a shut down. “They are close though.”
“So what do we do?” 
“We move tomorrow.” 

Chapter 14

“Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting.” Removing the sticky portion of a discarded donut box from the bottom of her left shoe Christy wondered if she would desire to eat the round treats ever again.
“We’ve gone through everything. It’s not here.” She said.
Fishing through the large dumpster for hours without finding a hint of their remote, Michael was finally satisfied that the thing was not in the trash and decided to begin relinquishing their efforts. If they had been there under other circumstances, they would have enjoyed the stars, which were out in the millions. 
After another late night lacking sleep the effects were beginning to show in their tempers and attitudes. Michael resisted the urge to punch something.
“I know.” He said.
“So what now?” Christy asked while pulling herself out of the large and smelly iron box.
Christy was the first one out of the ridiculously large dumpster. Happy to be on solid and less smelly ground she watched as Michael followed, finding his footing on the black asphalt parking lot. The lone street lamp near the dumpster provided a dirty yellow light that washed over the area as if it was meant to illuminate the garbage purposefully. Neither of them would bring up the idea of double checking the trash bin.
“Did you really believe that guy?” Christy questioned.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, don’t you think it was odd the way he told us? The way the receptionist disappeared for so long and all the commotion in the little office after I knocked on the door?”
“So what are you saying?” Michael said while brushing a loose wrapper from his pant leg. They had already taken the liberty of moving away from the dumpster, just far enough to avoid the smell.
“Seems like he was hiding something – I think he has the remote, or knows where it is.” Christy proposed.
“I thought about that, too.” Michael added, “The guy was just a little too weird.” Michael’s eyes could be seen reflecting the street lights illuminating the night as he take a moment to consider everything that had happened. Around them, the cool night air was only disrupted by the stench of the old dumpster they found themselves in moments ago..
“I want to check the office.” 
“Are you serious?” Christy was sincerely shocked. “You mean just break in?” 
“Yeah.”
“Wait a minute, just slow down. Slow down.” Despite her recent lack of truthfulness with investigators, Christy felt the need to be the face of reason and looked as though she needed a lengthy nap. “Why don’t we just go in and ask? It’s not a big deal.” She said.
“If he’s hiding it, he’ll never tell us. We need to get into that office and see if we can find anything.” Michael said with finality.
“Why don’t we get some sleep and deal with it in the morning? Patience is a virtue.” Christy pleaded.
“It’s not a virtue we can afford right now. We have no idea where Buddy is and we need to act before something like the bridge happens again.” Michael had been worried that it was only a matter of time before another malfunction sent his design down a dangerous road. 
“As much as I want to get some sleep, our time is limited. Every minute Buddy is out there is another minute the probability of catastrophic failure increases. I don’t need to lecture you. You already know that. Your basic math is better than mine.”
It was true that the two of them knew too well the design had bugs and flaws. Remembering the dangerous malfunctions that were proven when Christy nearly lost her life on the bridge gave them a renewed sense of urgency. Michael felt like he had to keep reminding himself and Christy, despite the thought lingering in their minds.
“I’m going to look.” Michael’s stern expression would have given even the toughest general something to think about. “Christy, I want you to create a diversion.” 
“What?” Christy said raising the tone of her voice. “Fine.” Taking a deep breath she resigned her worry and gave precedent to the feeling of urgency that had driven them this far.
She listened carefully as Michael laid out the directions. After a few minutes they decided that their plan was not good, but good enough that it would work. Of course, it could also end with them in jail and that thought annoyingly nested in the back of their minds. Rationalizing their idea, they decided the consequences of not finding the remote outweighed any of the negative consequences wrought by breaking and entering.
From their vantage point outside in the mostly vacant parking lot the small lobby could be seen dimly lit by a single lamp that was obviously on only during the late night and early morning hours. Behind the counter, the door to the office was closed. No one could be seen anywhere in the lobby or behind the counter and it was assumed that if anyone was there, they were in the office. Given the late hour it would also have been safe to assume that the receptionist and night manager were sleeping. 
Resting on the countertop a small silver bell could be seen directly beneath the Ring Bell for Service sign. It was that bell that would soon become an accessory to their plan. Christy quickly made her way inside and promptly began striking the bell rapidly in succession. The bell rang loudly with each strike. If someone were to not come soon, every patron in the entire hotel may have been at risk of waking up.
For what felt like an eternity Christy continued to ring the bell like a child without discipline that had nary an adult to upset their bell ringing compulsion. Michael watched as he hid behind the shadow of a pickup truck in the parking lot. From his position he could see everything and hear the bell ringing as loudly as if he were next to it.
Seconds later the office door opened and the night manager appeared. Looking disheveled as a person would after having woken up during a night of otherwise uninterrupted sleep; the night manager spoke with the gravelly voice of a man that had not slept well and was unusually cranky. 
“Hey, hey, hey. Come on now. That’s enough.” The night manager said with a quick motion as he grabbed the bell. 
From outside Michael could see the man in his underwear standing behind the counter speaking with Christy.
“You’ve got to help! I’ve lost my ring in the dumpster.” Christy breathed heavily as though he was out of breath.
“You’re still here? Unbelievable.” The night manager snorted with disbelief. It was not his night. He figured the group would have been long gone by then and out of his thinning hair. Now it looked like he would have to help one of the idiots find their ring from the dumpster. 
“Get out of here. Find your own ring. You know what time it is?” The man sounded seriously irritated.
“But it’s an heirloom.” Christy feared her plan would be a failure.
“Go away.”
“Give you twenty bucks.”
Money had a strange way of getting people’s attention and in a mood to take action. The night manager dutifully decided that it would be in his best interest to help the young girl look for her ring. 
“Fine, but I ain’t spending all night out there.” He said before returning to the office.
Several moments passed before the night manager emerged from the office. Having thrown on a robe and after producing a laughable amount of keys, the night manager locked the door to the office before directing Christy to lead the way.
Shoot. Michael thought as he watched the man lock the office door. Christy, buy me some more time. Michael whispered to himself.
Christy was already nearing the dumpster looking for any place she could pretend to look for her ring. Why hadn’t they planned that out? Christy’s face smirked thinking of the impulsiveness of her colleague. Looking in and around the dumpster would have to suffice.
“It’s around here somewhere. We’ve got to find it!” Christy shouted to the night manager who was slowly making his way out of the hotel.
Michael watched the inside of the lobby as the night manager meandered outside. Waiting silently behind the truck, he desperately tried to think of a way to get into the locked office. 
First he had thought of simply strong-arming the keys away from the manager, but then decided the tactic was too risky if the man was armed. Secondly he wondered if he would have any luck by just breaking down the door. Probably not he decided, knowing the sound from it would be enough to wake up any number of people in the hotel. What about the receptionist? Another thought crossed his mind. 
Noting that they had seen the receptionist earlier, he wondered where she may be. If she was in the office, it could be a disaster. Michael put the thought out of his head as he ducked into the lobby behind the counter. 
Feverishly searching for an extra office key he pawed his way through the seemingly limitless amount of clutter that was stored behind the counter. Everything from pens to dimes and nickels could be found, everything except a key of course.
Out of sight, he stayed ducked behind the counter. He could hear Christy outside speaking with the manager. With time passing, he began to sweat while frantically searching for any sign of a key or way to get into the office. Worrying that time was running out he decided that it would be necessary to use his full strength in an attempt to force it open. 
Reaching out he grabbed the knob only to find to his surprise that the thing turned effortlessly and was in fact wide open. Yes. Realizing that the manager was actually making sure the door was unlocked Michael let himself feel relieved, but silly.
 He let the door swing open just wide enough that he could get in. As dim as the lobby, the small office lights were just enough to illuminate the yellowish stained walls. Somewhere an offensive odor kept the air pungent with its lingering waft. Michael wondered if the office always smelled like that.
Closing the door just enough to block anyone from looking in, Michael turned to inspect the contents of the small room. A television was on and playing some ridiculous movie that would only be found on the latest of nights and most obscure of stations. Directly in front of the television an obviously well used reclining chair rested in the reclined position. The office desk, which was hidden underneath the television and stacks of papers, looked tired and ready to retire. 
Other than a pair of filing cabinets and stacks of paper, it would be hard to recognize the room as an office. There was, however, an office chair to one corner that was turned upside down. Michael noticed it was missing a wheel. To the right of it, he noticed the box labeled “Lost and Found”. Nearly falling over himself as he leapt to look, Michael regained his balance and began rummaging through the contents of the box.
As if a weight had been removed from his shoulders the greatest relief washed over him as he discovered the missing remote amongst the other lost items which had been found. Finally able to relax, Michael felt comfortable knowing that his decision to infiltrate the office had been the right thing to do. Soon they would locate Buddy and this whole mess would be dealt with and over.
The night manager had by then grown impatient and after following Christy around the dumpster for some time, decided he would rather not look for her ring. Christy pleaded as he returned back toward the hotel lobby.
Grasping the remote firmly in his hand Michael moved closer toward the door when he heard the approaching footsteps nearing the small room. Shoot. Cursing silently Michael quickly ducked behind the door as it swung open. 
 “Idiots.” The night manager spoke loudly as he made his way back to the reclining chair. Coming out of his sleepy haze, he remembered there was boy that had previously been with the girl. It seemed strange that the girl was alone.
Michael understood where the smell had been coming from as soon as the night manager returned to the office. He wondered how long it would take him to discover the boy hiding behind the door.
The next three minutes felt like the longest three minutes of his life as he huddled behind the door waiting to make his next move. Weighing all of his options he decided that it would be best to simply run. Forget the manager and break free from the small office. Even if the manager found him in his escape, there would be no way that the fatter, much older man, could keep up with him. So he ran.
“Hey! What the hell?!” Noticing the door swing open and the boy sprinting as fast as his feet would take him, the night manager yelled again, “Hey stop!”
Michael kept running and it was obvious to Christy that he wasn’t stopping. Yelling as loud as her voice would allow she pleaded for him to stop.
Without warning a large figure lunged in front of him. Hitting a brick wall may have been more pleasant than the human wall Michael slammed into at full speed before making his escape from the parking lot. 
Falling to the pavement Michael gave a great amount of attention to protecting the remote and in the process landed in such a way that his spine would come to regret for weeks. Colliding with the ground Michael let out a gasp in pain while feeling lucky that he hadn’t hit his head. The remote was still tightly in his grip. He turned his attention to the figure towering before him. With eyes adjusting to the light and the figure coming into full view, Michael soon realized who was standing in front of him.
“Give it to me.”
 “Give me the remote.” Ramirez repeated. His voice thundered full of anger. 
“No. No. We’re not going to do this.” Michael was still in pain from the collision and fall. He had no intention of giving up the remote and as swiftly as he could, returned to his feet. 
Infuriated by the intrusion and commotion the night manager followed Michael to the parking lot and was keen to keep a safe distance at the imposing figure of Ramirez. “I’ve already called the police. You punks are trespassing!” Punks? The manager couldn’t believe he was calling them names, remembering his own days as a troubled youth.
“I’ll say it one more time.” Ramirez ignored the manager, his eyes trained on Michael. “Give me the remote.” 
“You’re not getting it.” Michael’s words had barely left his mouth within the amount of time that it took Ramirez to pull the .45 caliber monster from the holster under his coat. Aimed at point blank range directly at Michael the gun proved that Ramirez wasn’t ready to negotiate the deal.
“Okay.” Michael couldn’t think of anything else to say as he slowly handed over the remote. His eyes darted back and forth between Christy, the manager, the gun and at one point, the stars. 
In possession of the remote Ramirez smiled and placed it securely in his coat pocket. Greg along with Christy and the night manager were astonished to see such a threatening display of violence. As soon as the gun was drawn, everyone went silent and all of their attention went to Ramirez.
“I hope nobody plans on giving my name to the police. We will have big problems.” Ramirez spoke like a mad man that had watched too many movies. “If you value your life - don’t say a word.” He continued, “You would be wise to forget this and move along.” With his final statement he motioned to Greg. Within seconds they were in vehicle, speeding away. 
In the distance, sirens could be heard as the police raced toward the scene. 

Chapter 15

Telex Quanta had for years enjoyed its essential anonymity and obscurity as one of the leaders in high-end professional security systems maintenance and design. Composed of fewer than fifty employees worldwide, the small company was virtually non-existent. Only a select list of high level officials in the US and UK had even heard of the company and some of them had their doubts that such a company existed.
Made up of mostly electrical engineers and technicians, the company heightened their obscure reputation when the advent of the internet pushed them into the next century. Originally managed by DARPA, the US military DARPA, the company simply referred to as TQ had since developed into a unique entity that was only known to those in need of the highest levels of building management and network security. 
Few companies claimed relationships with such groups as Blacksoil, the soldier for hire conglomerate, though Telex Quanta had over the years developed their systems to include the highest level of electronic and physical security. The perfect match of digital and muscular strength, Telex Quanta was the very definition of the word secure.
It was no coincidence that the De Beers storage facility in London would be privileged to have developed an exclusive contract with TQ through their colleagues both in British Parliament and the United States Senate. Their design for the De Beers facility was such a closely guarded secret that it required the authorization, unique identification and encrypted key combinations from both the head of the De Beers arm of security and the leader of TQ to even look at. 
No man would get in or out of the building without a log file that could stretch from England to the Moon.
There were times that Buddy was pleased to be an android. And it was at that time, the time that he spent determining the weaknesses and faults of the security that protected the facility, that he felt most satisfied with his nature.
Arrays of potential exploits and weaknesses had reached levels in the millions before Buddy had put an end to the analysis. Human weaknesses were the prime factor when determining how he would enact his plan to intercept the diamonds. Working from levels of probability, his list was sorted to include the lowest risk, highest gain options first. 
Developed from the result of the analysis, his plan had nearly no risk and offered returns of every diamond at the facility. 
It had turned into a typical grey London day with several layers of stormy rain clouds providing enough drizzle to properly soak the surroundings and make anyone without an umbrella feel silly to be outside. Cold and wet was the soup de jour and most people were content to be inside at home, the office, or in a vehicle.
Tabitha watched Buddy closely as he easily navigated the rented van through the streets of London to their destination. Not exactly the route they had taken the first time around, their current path would put them just outside of the vicinity nearest the entrance to the De Beers facility. 
It would eventually be necessary to get through the gate, but that moment would come later. 
From their position down the street, Buddy knew their location wouldn’t be compromised by cameras or raise suspicion. The van Buddy had chosen to drive was complete with cable company logo and drew little more attention than that.
Knowing the diamonds would be impossible to transport in the van, his decision to acquire the vehicle was based more on his research of action thriller movies and the necessity of driving a cable company van when incognito.
After stopping at their destination, Tabitha felt a rush of adrenaline hit her as she took her position at the wheel of the vehicle. Buddy moved around to jump in the back of the van, which was complete with a dazzling set of electronics and equipment. Most of it was actually from modified cable company equipment, though Buddy had provided some of his own. 
Most impressive to Tabitha was the device she saw Buddy begin working with as he sat in the back of the vehicle. Fashioned to be placed inside of an English football or “soccer ball” as the Americans called it, the center of the device held a piece of quartz about the size of a fist. Surrounding the quartz were bundles of fiber optic cables coupled with integrated circuits and electronic bread board. If Tabitha didn’t know any better, she may have guessed it to be the inner workings of any number of consumer electronics.
“That’s the ball?” She asked.
“Yes.” Buddy continued to check the connections performing a routine of tests while moving wires back and forth. Adjusting the positions of several small antennae, Buddy made sure every detail was perfect. Taking less than three minutes, Buddy finally sealed the entire thing inside of the football which was prepared for the occasion. Upon sewing up the final stitch and pumping the remaining space with air, Buddy was pleased to see his ball complete and ready for work.
“The resonance one, right?” She inquired even though Buddy had explained everything the night before.
“That’s right.” Buddy smiled as he raised the ball to eye level. “Do you remember how it works?” He asked with an interested gesture, his eyes still trained on the strange ball. Tabitha didn’t reply. 
“We’ll both see soon enough.” He said.
After a moment of inspecting the ball, Buddy trained his attention toward a briefcase filled with a variety of papers and tools. Inconspicuous enough if a person was simply observing the exterior of it, the briefcase would serve to provide a reasonable way to get the tools inside of the building. 
Their view of the building was clear despite the variety of trees that gave them a fair amount of cover. Inside of the gate house they could make out at least two uniformed and armed guards.
“Let’s do it.” Buddy said in a manner reminiscent of his favorite bad ass action hero.
Tabitha put the vehicle into motion and proceeded to entrance of the gate while buddy huddled in the back out of view. Noticing the van approach the gate both guards strolled out and approached the van. 
“Good morning ma’am. Appointment?” The guard asked.
“Yes sir.” She handed him a flash drive and papers including her ID. Not as good looking as the guards from the day before, she wondered how Buddy knew that these guards would have been in shifts.
After a moment spent scanning the drive and visually looking the van over the guard spoke, “Open the back please.” 
“Okay.” Tabitha said with a hint of unease. Although she knew the plan and understood what Buddy was going to accomplish, she couldn’t help but feeling nervous. Her breathing was rapid and heartbeat going much faster than usual. Like any normal human being, she was worried at the prospect of the entire operation ending in catastrophic failure. She maintained her breathing and pulled the lever releasing the van’s rear doors.
“Hey!” The first guard said with shock as he witness a soccer ball flying toward his face at an incredible speed. Without time to react, the ball hit the man’s face with a thud. Slumping to the ground the man went down without another sound. 
Nearing impossible speeds, the other guard had almost drawn his weapon before the ball returned to Buddy’s hand before being thrown again. Again, with no time to react, there was little the man could do. The ball hit his face with another thud and he too was soon on the ground. Buddy held the ball for a moment, giving time to inspect the downed guards. Ten seconds, he thought. 
Tabitha braced herself for the guards return to awareness and became even more distracted by her nerves. “Are they okay?”
Three… Two… One… Bingo. “They’re fine. Let’s move!” Buddy hollered. “We have to move now!” Wondering why his designers had chosen to include an emotion system, one than didn’t work that well when it was most important, he made an effort to control the volume of his voice.
“The gates!” Tabitha yelled back, “They’re not -”, almost as soon as she had spoken the words, the impressive ornamental heavy iron gates began to automatically open. “Did you?” Tabitha asked perplexed.
“All part of the plan.” Watching the gates slide open, Buddy’s voice was more relaxed. 
“But how?” 
“There is no time for discussion now.” Buddy said motioning his eyes toward the gate which was by then fully ajar. Recalling the previous day’s preparation, Tabitha dutifully applied pressure to the gas and drove the van quickly to the entrance of the building. 
“Stop!” Buddy demanded just before reaching the stepped entrance. Quickly yet thoroughly scanning the building with one of several heat sensing systems he was equipped with, Buddy ensured the proper amount of personnel staffed the location and was satisfied to know the amount of staff in the building was exactly as expected.
Reviewing the exterior of the location told little of the riches held inside. Tabitha was amazed to be so close to the immaculate building once again. Approaching the same location where they had met the business group the day before, Tabitha hit the brakes pulling the vehicle to a sudden yet smooth stop.
“This is it Tabitha. Are you ready?” Buddy asked coolly. 
“I am.” Tabitha said softly as she donned the specially designed helmet Buddy had created for the occasion. Made from carbon nano material, much the same as he was made from, the interior of the helmet included a microscopic mesh designed to block a very specific form of resonant feedback. The outside of the helmet was black and stylish according to Buddy’s interest. It reminded him of something a very fashionable high speed motorcyclist would wear.
“Let the games begin.” 
Buddy proceeded to exit the van and place the ball on the ground. He stopped for just a moment before looking at the ball. Tabitha thought she may have seen him mumbling something. What’s he doing? Tabitha thought just before the ball exploded in a flash of white. 
Few words from any number of dictionaries could be used to describe the immediate high pitched noise that emanated from the ball. To Tabitha it sounded as though a gigantic hive of bees had found their way inside of a large tunnel and stretched their normally low hum into a high scream. She considered herself lucky to be protected in the confines of the carbon nano helmet. Unable to imagine what it must have sounded like to a person without the helmet, she could only guess it must have been a terror. 
“They won’t hear a thing.” Buddy said while turning toward Tabitha, almost as if reading her thoughts. In front of him, the white explosion continued in pulses, though the ball remained intact. Scarcely able to believe her eyes were witness to such a thing, Tabitha looked on as each spherical layer upon spherical layer of light exploded from the ball in a brilliant spectacle she would only be able to describe as a pristinely white aurora borealis on Earth, directly in front of her eyes. 
From the center of the ball, she guessed each layer of the immaculate explosions ultimately reached a diameter somewhere in the thousands of feet.
“No one will see that either.” Noticing Tabitha’s expression beneath the tinted visor, Buddy wondered what the fields of light exploding from the ball would look like through her eyes. “I guess you can say you’re lucky to be able to see it. If you didn’t have that helmet on -” Buddy paused, “Well, you know.” 
Tabitha was made fully aware of the effects the device would have the night before when Buddy had given her a complete overview of what the thing was and how it worked. She recalled him mentioning paralysis and memory loss.
“They’ll be fine.” He said referring to the guards and employees of the facility, recognizing Tabitha’s concern.
Carl Stone had been an employee of De Beers for more than twenty three years. He’d been in the London location for just over three. The last thing he recalled before blacking out was a vibrating hum that reminded him of someone rapidly plucking the strings of a cello. He would be out for a total of five minutes. Had he not been the first to pass out, he would have noticed the rest of the staffing, falling one by one in the same manner.
In as little as ten seconds, all of the De Beers’ employees inside and surrounding the building found themselves in a state of deep REM sleep. Miraculously planned, not a single employee would be physically harmed given Buddy’s design of the resonance machine. Allowing each person enough reaction time to prevent from dropping suddenly, it was as if the employees had all slowly sat or lay down before succumbing to sleep.
Not a single individual had an opportunity to activate any of the hundreds of alarms located throughout the facility.
“We have five minutes.” Buddy said as he turned to disable the device.
Tabitha watched in awe as a flash of light and wisp of steam replaced where Buddy had stood. In an instant she couldn’t see the device or Buddy. 
Waiting in the van felt like an eternity. Each breath felt like the drawing of a century’s worth of time. Tabitha kept a close eye on the entrance of the building as nothing appeared to be happening.
A terminal inside the van between the driver and passenger seat showed a list of radio channels monitored for traffic. No chatter over the air waves made Tabitha feel a little better knowing at least that much of the plan had gone as expected.
Another minute passed as Tabitha kept her eyes and ears open for any sign of activity. Silence surrounded the area giving an eerie other world feeling to the place which wasn’t normally very lively anyway. The De Beers diamond storage facility had for years kept the lowest of profiles with a building that may have been mistaken as any number of commercial properties. The exterior revealed little of what was held inside.
Tabitha had no way of knowing that three stories beneath the first floor Buddy moved gracefully with ease while managing his part of the operation. For her, it was a matter of time running out. Even her peripheral vision was betrayed as she continued checking the stopwatch.
 Noting the time at just over two minutes and thirty seconds, a sudden sting of doubt hit her in the stomach like the feeling of finding a horrible truth to a long lost secret. It’s not going to work. She imagined all sorts of potentially awful scenarios. How long would she spend in an English prison for this stunt? 
All of the sudden, the reality and gravity of the situation occurred to her. Deeply regretting the decision her breathing became shallow and labored. Her face flushed, turning red.
No sooner than she thought she would faint, her eyes once again darted to the stopwatch. Three minutes. Time was relative. Was there a police siren somewhere in the distance? Tabitha wondered if her ears weren’t playing tricks on her. Sirens. Yes. She was sure she could hear the blare of sirens. How long would it be before they reached the building? Why did the van’s equipment fail to show any police activity?
Four minutes and counting.
Completely frayed nerves had the potential of causing a massive break down and for Tabitha it was no exception. There had never been a time in her life after pre-school when she had taken more than a notice to the prospect of wetting herself. Watching the numbers on the watch slowly move from one second to the next combined with nerves shattered by fear, she’d never concentrated so hard on holding it in. Where is he? She thought about Buddy, nearly ready to burst. 
Louder and louder the sirens grew. Drawing closer to their destination it would be a matter of seconds before the poor young graduate would ultimately be apprehended. How could she have let herself get in this situation?
Her thoughts had since jumped to ever more dire possibilities as she wondered what her life in prison would be like. Would the other girls like me? Will I be the prettiest one? What absurd questions popped into her mind she couldn’t control and it was then she began to sob. Why not cry, at a time like this? She was becoming utterly devastated and had finally found herself in a volley of tears. 
“Are you all right?” Buddy’s voice was calmer than a gentle brook flowing through a garden meadow. 
“Buddy!” Tabitha threw her arms around him just as he collectedly shut the van door. Feeling his presence and with the pair of them in the elaborately configured van, it seemed as if everything would be okay. Taking a moment to collect her dazzled mind, Tabitha couldn’t help but notice the stop watch at four minutes and twelve seconds.
“Where are the diamonds?” She asked.
“Did you forget what we discussed?” Buddy replied. 
“Sorry, I don’t -” Tabitha’s words were cut short as she look to see the flashing red lights approaching fast in the rearview mirror.

Chapter 16

Easing his tired body into the Jacuzzi, the well heated water hit his cold skin invigorating the blood flow and immediately relaxed each individual muscle it came in contact with. Relaxed and up to his neck submerged in the steaming hot bath, his expression was that of serenity and pleasure. His eyes closed once for a moment longer than usual before opening them to appreciate the surrounding view.
Located on the gentle slope of a moderately high mountain, the three story villa vacation home offered all of the amenities afforded to the rich and elite. The pool room was where the Jacuzzi had been installed when the location was first developed. An open glass window layout provided one of the most spectacular views to be found anywhere in the Rocky Mountains. 
 The sound of the water jets combined with the cool mountain wind gently caressing the glass from outside provided another layer of sanctuary to the place.
Wrapped in the comforting heat of the bubbling jet water while observing the snow covered pine forests below, the old man was finally able to take a well deserved break from the rush of political life as he let the frustrations and hardships melt away. 
Second to Park City, Utah, in terms of affluence and prestigious hidden getaways for the country’s wealthy and elite, his retreat in Aspen, Colorado, provided plenty of privacy, serenity, and comfort. 
Simply put, the first day of an overdue vacation was without question the best day. Knowing that that no one would be bothering him for the next two weeks, Senator Drake allowed himself a moment of complete peace and harmony. Zen. The Christian senator thought with a chuckle. It was the perfect moment to begin the perfect vacation in the most perfect of places.
“Senator Drake.” The assistant’s voice hit him like a shipload of bricks. “I’m sorry sir, but it’s urgent.”
Having interrupted his trance the senator was understandably upset and barked back, “If it’s not the President or the Queen of England - you’re fired.” 
“President of the US?” The assistant asked genuinely.
“What is it?” The senator asked sternly.
“It’s from Telex Quanta.” 

Chapter 17

“Located in the Garden Height Borough of London, the De Beers facility was established in…” the reporter continued diligently reading the prompt provided by the screen behind the camera. Their biggest story of the year, potentially the decade, proved a riveting scoop for just one of the tens of thousands of stations that would eventually cover the story of the missing diamonds.
 “Gentlemen.” Moving his hand over the large touch operated screen, retired Major General Robert Dickerson applied a slight amount of pressure to the area which displayed the recorded news broadcast. A quick swipe of his hand stopped the video while the various administration officials, all senior level members of Telex Quanta, turned their attention from the screen to the man leading the conference. 
In front of them the immensely large and impeccably dull stainless steel table provided a place for the endless amount of papers and documents which rudely crowded space taken by bottles of water mixed with an array of dishes holding candy and nuts.
Several large fluorescent tubes in the ceiling directly above the table illuminated what was in front of the administrators, many of them decked out in full regalia, providing enough light to make out the rest of the people in the room while at the same time leaving aides and secretaries near the wall in the shadows.
“There are exactly twelve people that would have access to the container room in London.” His smoldering hot temper was hidden by the coolness of his voice. “And they are at this table right now.” Dickerson held his hands behind his back in an elderly fashion as he moved around the room. Despite his age of sixty three years, the man moved effortlessly. 
Everyone seated in the room knew his fitness was legendary and were never too amazed to hear anecdotes from their peers regarding his marathon workouts. Stories which involved swimming lengths of various rivers and channels were second only to the stories of monthly mountain climbs. A few people seated around the room reckoned the man’s muscles were harder than the steel table in front of them and that his taught frame would have proved a viable replacement for any number of solid marble roman statues.
“Yesterday at twelve thirty five Greenwich Mean Time the world experienced the largest theft in recorded history. Ladies and gentleman.” He paused, “As you can see from the news broadcast we’ve just seen, the De Beers storage center London was taken for every last diamond they have.” 
“If you will.” Dickerson moved his eyes over the aides and secretaries while motioning to the door with his hand outstretched. Without a word, the assistants to the administrators left the room in a solemn and quiet manner. 
Pausing for another moment to gather his thoughts, the major general carefully observed each of the administrators for any signs that would indicate the presence of stress. 
Inhaling deeply the major general looked toward the ceiling for a moment before he continued, “Before we even begin to discuss how something like this could happen. What I want to know right now is: How did the press find out before me?”
Less than a day earlier, each of the administrators had been called to the emergency meeting. Ordered to attend immediately, it was clear that whatever it was - would be big. The recording from the broadcast news had been made as most of them were on route to the secure location in Nevada. 
Far from the prying eyes of the general public, the location had never been made as famous as other well known places often associated with conspiracy theorists and zealous media. Enjoying much less notoriety when compared to somewhere like Area Fifty-one, the location served its purpose as a secret meeting location quite well.
“How did this get out?” Dickerson barked, upset to have to ask such an absurd question. Entertaining the possibility of a traitor in his midst made him physically ill. 
 “What is the point of having protocols if we don’t follow them?” The major general stopped momentarily, back straight, shoulders back, chest out. “Tom, what can you tell us?” As colleagues, friends, and associates for as long as they were, it would have been strange to use titles other than first names.
“It’s a cluster mate.” Complimented by the thick Australian accent, his blonde hair and rugged looks did little to hide his nationality. Shaking his head he replied, “We have absolutely – no – effing – clue.” His personality offered little in the arena of shyness. Nearly as bold and direct as the major general, Tom was one of few that Dickerson found easy to get answers from. No bull, just facts.
“No clue?” The general asked lowering the volume of his voice.
“Does anyone have a clue?” 
Nobody replied.
“Meeting adjourned.” The major general had no patience and was not interested in interrogations at the moment.
Many of the administrators, some having more than eight hours in the air to get to the meeting, were understandably perturbed to have been dismissed so quickly. Most of them would soon be on their respective jets ready to have their secretaries and consultants begin drafting statements to be delivered to the president, both of De Beers and of the United States.
“Tom, a word please.” Dickerson waited until the room was empty.
“Sorry Dick, there’s just nothing yet. Our people in London are all over it, though. ” Smith was tired and dreamed of laying on a hot beach somewhere.
“What happened Tom?” 
“They said there’s about five minutes of video. None of the cameras caught anything and if you watch, you’ll see the diamonds disappear like magic before your very eyes.” His expression changed, “It’s like, section by section, they just vanish in a matter of minutes.”
“Must be altered footage.”
“Listen here mate. There’s no way that the footage could have been altered. It’s a wide batch pattern design. By numbers alone, it’s simply impossible.” To have the complete details of the setup was information that only he and two others would have. “We can say with an extremely low margin of error that those diamonds literally disappeared in under five minutes.”
“Drake is not going to accept that.” Dickerson emphasized his point. “If we don’t get an answer post haste it’ll be both of our asses and you know that.”
“You think I care what Drake thinks? He’s been nothing but a thorn in my arse for as long as I’ve been with TQ.” The Australian accent seemed to thicken with a hint of anger.
“Look, I had him on the phone this morning before our little rendezvous here, interrupted his vacation.”
“Oh shit.”
“Regardless, we need to give him something to go on. How long are your boys in London going to need?” To the point as usual, Dickerson wasn’t interested in straying too far from the course.
“A few weeks at least mate.” His guess was as good as any.
“You have two days.” Dickerson stormed out of the room, leaving Smith alone.
Without hesitation and as fast as he could, Smith produced the mobile phone from his pocket, dialed, connected and said, “Good news lads, I just bought us two days.”

Chapter 18

“This is unreal.” Uncharacteristically for the usually knowing Ramirez, his tone was that of disbelief. Greg kept most of his attention trained on the television as he acknowledge with a slow nod of the head. After fleeing for the third time in less than two weeks, Greg felt uneasy at the thought of spending the rest of his life fleeing from one situation to the next. 
With the knowledge that authorities were in full search, the pair avoided a return to Ramirez’s place. Having fled from El Paso, Greg and Ramirez headed west stopping only for fuel. Within a day’s time they’d found themselves in Las Vegas, Nevada, where they both agreed that it would be easy to blend in with the hordes of tourists and travelers. 
They had little concern over the early morning debacle they’d escaped from. Though Greg was quite nervous that it was so dramatic, he felt better to be far from the scene and was beginning to relax along with Ramirez.
 A nondescript off-the-main-drag casino was their most recent stop. Enclosed in a simple two story building, it was similar to any other casino on the inside. Red and green paisley carpeting covered the floor while the absurdly bright lights flooded the place with their abhorrent brilliance. Their modestly sized restaurant table was located just beneath a large television in the buffet, on the far side of several rows of noisy video poker machines. 
After having their fill of budget price overstocked buffet, the pair hung around the lounge absorbed by the television broadcasting the breaking news. 
“It was Buddy.” Ramirez said with a cool manner as he flung the little umbrella from the margarita he slowly enjoyed. In addition to the drinks, there was nothing he didn’t like about Las Vegas. Although this particular casino wasn’t as grand as others such as “The Grande”, Ramirez felt it was the best place for them to lay low for the time being.
“Seriously? Are you joking?” Greg asked. His idea of relaxation didn’t involve spending time in a casino buffet watching television. 
“Take a look.” Ramirez held out the remote and removed the sliding cover to reveal a sleek display that resembled the screen like something from a small computer tablet. With a terminal emulator loaded, Ramirez punched in some commands and after a moment, the screen filled with more information than any one person should ever be comfortable looking at.
“Sheesh. Look at all that. What am I supposed to be looking for anyway?” Greg was a seasoned programmer, but still found it daunting to see a flood of text data pour over the display like a waterfall. 
“Here.” Ramirez stopped the flow of information and pointed to a line that, at first glance, looked like a jumbled mess of numbers and letters.
“What is it?”
“Locations and times. These are GPS coordinates.” Ramirez continued to point showing the details on screen. “And here we have the times.” His crooked smile raised more than one hair on Greg’s back. Ramirez was nearly as wild with enthusiasm as he’d been earlier when they took the remote. “And what do we have if we put this on a map with the times and locations?” Ramirez moved his finger over the remote’s screen and pressed lightly on the map icon.
“Holy -” Greg paused a moment if only to catch his breath. Scarcely able to believe what he only just began to comprehend. The magnitude of the situation felt like the sky falling down only to obliterate the entirety of his being. 
He knew that once it was revealed Buddy was the culprit it would ultimately lead back to the designers. Watching the news on the television and looking over the map on the remote he suspected it wouldn’t be long before the world knew came to an end. Prison. How much time did he have until the entire thing got back to them? To him? His thoughts began to run in loops imagining all of the possibilities with the thought of a life sentence taking precedence.
“You all right?” Ramirez asked.
“Yeah. Sorry. Dude,” Greg started, “We have to turn this over.” He said feeling relieved to have enough courage to face reality, despite knowing that Ramirez would object.
“Not going to happen.” Ramirez didn’t look surprised. “Perhaps you’re not seeing the potential here.” Ramirez took a deep breath, paused and continued, “With this controller, we have complete access to the information every police agency in the western world is looking for right now.” 
Lowering the volume of his voice, Ramirez spoke at a near whisper while narrowing his eyes focused directly on Greg. “This has just become the most valuable piece of electronic junk in the world. This is going to lead us directly to those diamonds.” He continued, “We can completely control that ridiculous machine, too. Think about it. Not only are we going to get rich, there will be no one that can stop us with Buddy in our control.”
Greg waited for Ramirez to take a few breaths of silence before adding his thoughts, if only to guarantee that he wasn’t interrupting him.
“They’re going to find us. There’s no way we can get away with that.” Greg said.
“Are you listening to me?” Ramirez raised his whisper to a whisper-shout, the kind that sounds like a polite argument between couples in a quiet restaurant. “Nobody is going to find us. We’re not even tied to this nonsense like Mike and Christy. Hell, you know that as much as I know that.” The speed at which he spoke began to make Greg’s head spin. “If this happened like I think it happened, and it probably did, then there is no way anyone will be able to pin this on Buddy unless someone like you mentions it.” 
He could hardly pause to take another breath before finishing the rant, “Michael and Christy don’t know. Their whole idiotic team in New York doesn’t know. The only thing they know is that the damn thing is missing, Buddy. There is absolutely no way that anyone could know.”
“I don’t think we really have all of the information available to make that call yet.” Greg said with his eyes focused on a coffee stain that must have adorned the table in front of them for years.
“What information do we need?” Ramirez asked obviously frustrated.
“I don’t know. There’s just got to be something.” 
“Well if you don’t know, then how do you know we need it?” Growing more impatient Ramirez feared his anger would erupt, “Are you listening to yourself? Do you know what you’re saying?” Though he didn’t realize it, belittling others was second nature to Ramirez. “We need to know something, but we don’t know what.” He paused while looking toward the ceiling, “I can’t do this. This conversation is over. You will NOT tell anyone about this.”
Greg hated feeling like a puppy being punished. Trying to hide his shame, he gave in, “All right. I won’t tell anyone.” Desperate knowing how unpredictable Ramirez was, Greg knew that he would have to go along, at least for the time being. 
“Good. Because if you do -” Ramirez’s eyes were distant as they burned holes through anything they touched. “It would be difficult to think that there’s a loose end in this room.” Insinuating the inevitable if Greg breathed a word, Ramirez felt hopeless to know that sooner or later he would need to face the facts. He really didn’t know what he wanted to do with Greg and hoped that he would have enough sense to keep his mouth shut.
“We’re going to England.” He said.
“Seriously?” Greg couldn’t believe it.
“Yes. I’ll book a flight. We’re leaving tomorrow.” He said firmly.
“What about passports? Visas? We can’t fly and especially not internationally. We must be on a hundred different lists by now. I mean, first the restaurant, then the hotel. How many agencies are after us? Holy crap Donny, slow down. There’s no way we’re getting on a plane to London!” Greg felt sure about it and was not far from throwing in the towel.
“We haven’t really done anything. The only thing you did was run from a wrecked hotel room. How many are those every day in this country? Other than that, all you have is a stolen vehicle and the thing last night with the remote.” He made it sound simple, far less severe than imagined, “Those are pretty serious, but I doubt you’d be on any no fly list.” Ramirez smiled and spoke with a chuckle, “I mean, you’re not a terrorist for crying out loud!”
“When you put it like that.” Greg thought for a moment considering the events leading up to this point. If he could get out now, it may not look so bad. He was willing to turn himself over for what he’d gotten himself into and dreaded the idea of jumping on an international flight to London with Ramirez. He didn’t want any part of it.
“And even if they are by chance somehow looking for us at the airport, it won’t matter anyway. I got a guy in Las Vegas that does passports and all that crap.” Ramirez touched the rim of the cocktail glass letting a few grains of salt rest on his finger before tasting and helping himself to another sip.
“Fine. Let’s go.” There was no way they could get on a flight until the next day, he hoped. Greg was already planning an escape in his mind. It would have to be that night while Ramirez slept. He decided that would be his only chance. 
“Great. I’ll call my guy and have him get our passports.” Ramirez had already planned on the treachery of Greg. He knew there was no way he would get on a plane with him. “Hey! We’re in Las Vegas. What’re we doing just sitting here? Let’s have some fun. My treat!” Suddenly jubilant, Ramirez stood up and motioned for Greg to follow. “We have plenty of time to enjoy a day before leaving tomorrow.”
“Sure.” Greg feigned interest while thinking; fat chance.
“Yeah. Sure.” Ramirez did his best to hide his displeasure, wondering how he would dispose of Greg’s body.

Chapter 19

Coming to, the world was a hazy blur as she labored to lift her eyelids while the surroundings came into focus. Her body was weak and she had the feeling that a substantial amount of time had passed. “Where are we?” She asked. Her voice was tired and barely audible. 
“We’re at the hotel. You’re safe.” Buddy’s reply was as calm as ever, comforting in its own way.
Tabitha felt a wave of nausea move through her body as she recalled the final moments of the heist with Buddy. 
She remembered the exact moment when looking in the rearview mirror to see the flashing lights approaching. She remembered Buddy as he reached to grasp her in his unbelievably firm and adept arms. From that point what she remembered was a whirlwind of lights and sickness.
 Feelings of extreme pressures had moved throughout her body while her vision collapsed around itself. She knew she had been moving fast - faster than any human was ever intended to move. Flashes of lights turned to a streaming haze as the scenery around her had melted in a rush of color and brightness. 
The only constant in her field of vision was Buddy. She remembered looking upwards as she saw his face just before another flash of light consumed the environment and everything went dark. The memory was almost too much to bear. She did her best to not think about it.
 “I feel awful.” Distressed as her body was, she still felt a sense of relief mixed with numbness to have been able to make it out of there. The familiar surroundings of their luxury suite in London combined with Buddy’s demeanor helped to keep her calm. 
“You should feel awful. Anyone that took on that amount of force in such a short time would.” Buddy explained. “Fortunately the force wasn’t lethal and my predictions turned out to be accurate.”
“Lethal?” Tabitha didn’t like the sound of the word in the condition she was in.
“There’s nothing to worry about. The g-forces you sustained were barely enough to cause a blackout. If the forces were sustained over a matter of time, then it would have been much more dangerous.” He continued to explain, “We were lucky to be in a position to enable our quick and safe return. At the speed we traveled, it took less than five minutes to get back. If we traveled by vehicle it would have taken more than an hour in traffic. Quite impossible anyway, given the circumstances.”
“Thanks for not killing me.” Tabitha said in a sarcastically friendly manner.
“You’re welcome. You’ll recovery quickly from the sedatives I administered. You should feel much better in a few hours.” Buddy replied, unable to understand the sarcasm.
Noticing the sunshine pouring in through the window Tabitha felt pleased that to have a break from the rain. Buddy had prepared a light meal of yogurt and toast with a sliced banana for the girl. He tried to imagine what it might be like to experience flavors as he watched her enjoy the offering. Tabitha ate feverishly and felt renewed once the food was finished.
The remainder of the morning passed uneventfully as the pair readied to check out. With their few bags in hand, they easily found their way to Heathrow Airport. Tabitha eagerly observed the hordes of travelers moving in and out of terminals as they shuffled through the cavernous airport with purpose. The high walls, pane glass paneling, electronic displays of arrivals, departures and advertisements blended with the crowds to create an ambience that can only be found in an international airport. 
Buddy and Tabitha mixed wonderfully with the crowds and once again would have been easily taken for a traveling couple, perhaps lovers on holiday. Moving swiftly they made their way from the main terminal to a private gate obviously reserved for the most elite of patrons. 
“This is us?” Tabitha asked somewhat surprised. Their flight from the US had been a standard coach fare and she didn’t expect to be returning on anything other than that.
“It’s far more convenient to travel by private jet. We don’t even need tickets.” Buddy smiled.
Tabitha shrugged her shoulders with nothing more to say. Admiring the posh layout of the private gate, which was more like a room divided from the outside by the large double doors, she paid attention to the marble flooring which reflected details of the room with stunning brilliance. Silken pillows adorned a large sheepskin sofa which rested comfortably in front of an ornately decorated gas fireplace. A fireplace in an airport? She wondered what type of traveler would possibly need a fireplace.
The oversized glass walls of one side of the room afforded a spectacular view of several runways, communication towers and general airport traffic. In the distance to her left, Tabitha thought she could make out the ocean and was happy to be traveling on such a clear day.
An attendant, resembling something that reminded Tabitha of a Wall Street power player, put down his newspaper to greet the guests. The crispness of his suit and tie was in perfect harmony with the absolutely clean cut and razor sharp hair. He looked carefully in a stern manner over the documents Buddy provided.
“Your liaison will arrive shortly.” The attendant said in the most perfect of English intonation. The creamy rich English accent would have been perfect in any number of voice-over advertisements. “Feel free to make full use of the facility. If there is anything you need, our staff will be happy to assist.” He motioned toward the sofa, “Please, have a seat.” 
Longing to relax, Tabitha threw herself onto the inviting sofa. The plush cushions melded around her, supportive, yet soft. 
A literal sigh of relief was had just before the doors burst open with a crash. Startled, her gaze turned toward the man standing in the doorway. Large and overweight, the buttons of his airport security uniform were in danger of exploding with a snap as his stomach bulged through in a most unforgiving way.
“Mr. Smith?” The security guard asked. His accent and voice were far less refined than the gentleman attendant, though he still had an air of authority.
“Yes.” Buddy replied.
“I’m afraid you’re going to have to come with me sir.”
“Impossible my friend. My flight will be here shortly.”
“Well. This is not something that I’m in a position of offering a sort of choice, is it?” The guard’s hand moved toward his radio seconds before Buddy reached out to stop him.
Buddy’s movements were astonishingly fast, though not super-sonic. Aware of his surroundings, he would make every effort to obey the laws of normal physics. His hand grabbed the arm of the security guard in the nick of time.
“Oi! Let go of me you prat!” Uninterested in remaining professional, the guard struggled in Buddy’s grip as he yelled, “Let go!” The guard continued to struggle to release himself from Buddy’s grip. Tabitha and the room attendant looked on with frozen expressions.
“You bugger.” The guard grunted. “How in the hell?” His how was much closer to ow. He looked closely at the hand gripping his arm. Perfection, far too clean and perfect. Blemishes, hairs, splotches, scars and spots that would normally be visible at such close range, but Buddy had none of those. Together with the astounding strength of the grip that held him tight, the guard quickly knew something was not right. 
“Who are you?” Ew aw yew? Buddy’s recognition systems made short work of the man’s dialect.
“I’m Mr. Smith.” Buddy replied calmly as if speaking about the weather. “And I really must catch this flight. Forgive me if I’ve inconvenienced you, but it is of the utmost importance that I get on this jet.” 
“All right mate, look.” The guard started, “My boss told me to check, that’s all I know.” Taking a moment to catch his breath the guard had since relinquished his effort to break free. 
“Don’t worry about me friend, I won’t say a thing. Just let me go. I’ll turn around and walk out of here just like that. Nothing in here to see. Right ways.” Making his request, the guard spoke with a much friendlier tone.
Buddy found it strange, the ability of man to bend truth. Despite his endless pools of resources, strength and speed, it was a weakness that caused him a certain level of what would generally be described as discomfort. He simply could not know with absolute certainty whether or not a person was being honest.
 Sure there were plenty of expressions, eye movements, gestures and so on that would give a person away to any number of people in a moment of interaction. Unfortunately those things varied among cultures, peoples, places and were even documented to have evolved and morphed over time. There was simply no way to make a valuable call. Buddy released the man.
“Right, you tosser. You’re finished!” The guard shouted as he fled. 
Buddy immediately stored the results of the interaction for use sometime in the future. Momentarily he pondered the choice of rushing to restrain the guard, which would be easy, though causing a commotion. Glancing through the window, he saw the custom Dassault Falcon 7x private jet making an approach to land. The choice was easy.
“Let’s go.” Buddy said turning to Tabitha. 
There would be no room for arguments from Tabitha. She quickly rose to her feet and readied her backpack. “Where?” She asked. Proven time and again, Tabitha had the highest trust and confidence in Buddy’s decisions. 
Before replying Buddy moved toward the window and extended his hand placing it palm up on the smooth surface. In a circular motion, he moved his hand repeatedly over the glass. Fractions of a second passed before the area on that part of the window began to fade. Seconds later an oval section roughly the size of a surfboard fell to the tarmac below, around two stories down.
 The glass shattered on the hard pavement with a loud crash sending millions of pieces over the surface of the tarmac. Fortunately, the area below was free of unexpecting bystanders and no one was injured. The freshly made oblong hole in the window offered plenty of room for the pair to escape through. Buddy offered his hand to Tabitha who quickly grabbed on. 
Once again in Buddy’s arm they vanished through the hole and in a flash and an instant found themselves on the tarmac. Tabitha felt relieved to be on the ground as Buddy released her. Behind them, the room attendant looked out of the hole in the window after them in disbelief. Ahead of them they could see the endless expanse of the large airport and myriad of runways. 
The air was cooler outside and the sounds of jet engines all around them caused a roar that was impossible to hear over. Buddy could see their jet as it landed on a runway about three hundred meters away. “We need to run. Tabitha, run!” He shouted loudly over the sounds of engines. 
“Can’t you just -”, 
“No! Impossible at this location! Trust me. There’s a valid reason and no time to explain. Follow me!” 
Whatever the reason may have been, Tabitha understood that there was a time and place when Buddy would choose to use his unnatural abilities and this happened to be one time when it would be necessary to run. So they ran. 
Buddy galloped over luggage carts and around a lift vehicle like a veteran athlete. Tabitha found it difficult to keep up and worried that she would get trip or run into something. Running faster than she ever had in her life, she was glad to be in relatively good shape.
Through the din of airport they could hear sirens wailing. To one end they could see red and blue lights flashing as a hoard of police vehicles, some marked, some not, headed their direction. Buddy noticed Tabitha trying to keep up and wondered if he had made the right choice. Ducking beneath the belly of a large passenger jet, Buddy and Tabitha continued to race toward their goal.
Their jet was getting closer as it taxi along the tarmac. Tabitha thought she would faint and her side began to hurt with the exertion of an extended sprint. Her pace began to falter. 
“Hurry!” Buddy yelled.
“I’m trying!” Tabitha could hardly shout. Without warning her left foot came down on an oversize cable between aircraft and ground equipment. In a second she found herself falling toward the ground. It had the unreal sense of a slow motion movie. Witnessing the ground approaching, she shut her eyes and braced for the impact of the fall. 
Waiting for the inevitable pain of hitting the asphalt at full speed, Tabitha thought of the potential number of bruises and cuts she would have to endure. She thought of the possibility of breaking an arm as her hands shot ahead of her in the reflexive action of a person falling. Bracing herself, she shut her eyes and then felt nothing. Knowing that she should have struck the ground by then, it quickly dawned on her that she may have hit her head. 
The dreadful thought of a concussion passed through her mind before she opened her eyes to see Buddy holding her just above the surface of the tarmac. 
“It’s better to not get injured.” Buddy said as he lifted her up. Tabitha felt a rush of relief and a wave of warmth spread through her body radiating from the center. 
“We won’t have time. Hold on.” Buddy spoke again before the flash of light burst over the area. Seconds later they found themselves just in front of their jet. The pilot had witnessed some strange phenomena in his time, but had never seen anything like he had just then. Once he saw Buddy and Tabitha, he immediately opened the side hatch and dropped the emergency ladder.
 Buddy took little time in negotiating the ladder and the couple was fast inside the jet. The posh interior of the jet was suitable for travelers of the business elite. Tabitha had barely enough time to catch her breath before feeling the full force of the jet’s afterburners throttle into action. The sounds of the sirens and airport were drowned in the sea of the afterburner’s shout.
“Buckle in, we’re taking off.” The pilot obviously had no intention of following standard runway procedure as he made his announcement. Tabitha noticed the man was in full Royal Air-force regalia. 
Hurrying to their seats, feeling the jet in full motion, Tabitha strained to keep herself from getting sick. Buddy was as nonchalant as ever and soon securely fastened into the oversized seat. Directly in front of him the pair of aides buckled in next to the esteemed gentleman in full diplomatic attire, navy blue suit and tie. His suit must have been pressed and cleaned that morning. 
“So glad to have you back.” The man’s baritone deep voice matched the graying hairs above his temples perfectly. “Let me be the first to congratulate you on this success.” The man stuck out his hand in a professional gesture. His shake was firm and tight.
“Thank you, sir. London is complete.” Buddy said calmly.
Senator Drake smiled satisfactorily and tipped back some bourbon on ice as the plane went airborne.

Chapter 20

“Which one of you can tell me exactly what is happening in this video?” Dickerson was clearly enraged. A face had never been so red and more than one vein threatened to explode at any moment.
Never before in their life had Michael and Christy been as scared and intimidated as they were at that moment. Michael thought back to the gun that Ramirez had pointed at him and decided that it was nothing compared to the intensity of Dickerson standing before them demanding answers. Christy was equally as intimidated and sat silent as they observe the video footage on the large projector.
Not a terribly long period of time had passed from the time of the heist and their trip. After the running into Greg and Ramirez in El Paso, they had returned to New York in a desperate attempt to try to locate Buddy any way they could. 
Along with the rest of the country and world, they were witness to an explosion of media coverage of the diamond theft which had at first enjoyed so much attention, only to have dwindled into obscurity in favor of more entertaining news items. The Washington Post headlined an unnecessarily frightening story on North Korea the day that Dickerson found them. Most people were content to have forgotten about the diamonds in London as time moved on and continued about their daily lives as usual. 
From their stations at the laboratory in New York, the two of them worked twenty four hour shifts attempting to locate Buddy. Their temporary residence was established in a break room in the New York lab and consisted of little more than a few cots. 
More than a dozen federal agents, local officers and pizza delivery personnel had frequented the lab in the weeks after their return from El Paso. Michael and Christy were in a fairly good mood to know that they were in this thing together. Ramirez and Greg had not been heard from or heard of since the incident in El Paso. 
It had remained a relatively quiet operation until the arrival of Dickerson and his entourage. Not technically placing the students under arrest, Dickerson was able to adequately convince them that they would be required to head to Washington D.C. to be the subjects of an unofficial summons. 
Without much argument, the pair had packed up once again and made way for the Nation’s Capital. Escorted by a group of military men and women, all of whom were nearly always in uniform, they were understandably nervous. Wondering what they had done to provoke such a response was a question they would hope to have answered sooner rather than later.
Once in Washington D.C. they were taken to an undisclosed facility which was nondescript and had the look of any number of miscellaneous federal buildings. It was there, on the third floor that they found themselves in front of a large projection screen watching Buddy as he, a girl and a group of men walked through the halls of the De Beers storage location.
“It looks like they’re just walking around.” Christy said.
“Yes. I gathered that.” Dickerson replied. “I want to know why these two are walking around the most secure place on Earth - the day before the inventory was so unceremoniously and without invitation, liquidated.” He pointed to Buddy and Tabitha on the screen. “Any idea?”
 Pressing a button on a small black remote, he moved on to the next video clip. “And here. What the hell is happening here?”
The video on screen showed the back of a cable company van in front of the De Beers facility. Fully ajar, more than three cameras were able to capture the action from inside the van. Michael couldn’t help laughing as he saw buddy throwing a soccer ball directly at the guard’s face, knocking him down.
“Did he just?” Christy asked.
“Yes.” Dickerson replied. “He threw the ball directly at the guard’s head. Fortunately he didn’t sustain any long term damage.”
Christy tried to hold back her laughter, though some quick chuckles burst through as her face, too, turned red. Dickerson eyed an intimidating stare.
“Keep watching.”
Moments after the guard was down, they watched the projection screen video as Buddy moved around the van, placed the ball on the ground and activated some hidden switch. The ball opened slightly to reveal the center. It was as if opening an electrical gadget which was made from glass, strange, yet beautiful. A flash was recorded just before the video went blank. 
“That’s the last we have from this camera.” Dickerson began to pace around the room again, as if addressing a committee. 
“The cameras inside the vault room were not affected.” He continued, “Luckily they still recorded.” Dickerson sounded sarcastically enthusiastic. “Unfortunately, this is what they recorded.”
Dickerson clicked through to the next video. On the projector a room full of diamonds shimmered before them.
“Wow. How many are there?” Christy exclaimed, “I didn’t know they actually sparkled like that.” 
“We won’t get into the details for our purpose here. Rest assured that what you are seeing was the largest single collection of diamonds in the world.” Dickerson said smoothly. “What we will see next is without explanation.”
Before their eyes, the diamonds began to vanish. Within minutes, the entirety of the collection was gone. They remained speechless for some time.
“There is an array of one hundred and twenty eight cameras that serve this room at the storage facility in London.” Dickerson spoke confidently, “It’s the same on every camera.” His eyes tightened slightly, “Every. Single. Camera.”
“It gets worse.” Michael said subdued.
“Really?”
“We have a way to stop the AI engine, to stop Buddy.” Michael said. “We have a way to find him.” 
“I’m listening.”
“There’s a problem, though.”
“Of course there is.” Dickerson replied despondently. 
“Our fail safe device has been stolen, and we don’t know where it is.” Michael said with finality.
“You will be held responsible for this, you understand?” Dickerson emphasized his point by leaning in and offering a stern look. The fact of the matter was that this situation was much worse than a simple stern look. “Prison is a very real possibility.” Dickerson concluded.
“We didn’t program this!” Christy knew the military man would be less interested in programming and more interested in justice. Despite that, she pleaded her case. “There’s no way we can be held responsible. It’s not in the programming.” She said.
“It’s YOUR machine dammit!” Dickerson’s fists fell on the table in unison producing an audibly loud thud which echoed around the room quickly before the stillness of the place once again commenced.
“Can a parent be held responsible for the actions of their children?” Christy asked.
“In some cases, yes.” Dickerson said calmly. “And that’s not the point. This is a completely different situation.”
“Would the manufacturer of a gun be held responsible if someone was shot with one of their guns?” She continued her line of questioning.
“Young woman, this is not a gun. This is an atomic bomb. Whoever built this thing will be held responsible.” Dickerson explained. Christy lowered her gaze to the floor and slumped back into her chair.
“There’s someone else behind it.” Michael said not really knowing if his allegation would turn out to be accurate. “Donald Ramirez.” He had no loyalty to Ramirez and decided that it was as good a shot as any. Better the government implicate Ramirez, than him. 
“Do you have proof?” Dickerson inquired.
“He has the fail safe remote.”
Dickerson appeared deep in thought as he absorbed the statement. 
“He was a developer early on. Left before the project was finished. If there were any rogue instructions in the design, it was because of him.” Michael knew that much was true.
“Give me a minute.” Dickerson quietly let himself out of the room. Flipping through the contact list on his mobile phone he took a deep breath before finding the name he was looking for. He dialed the number and held the phone to his ear. The phone rang twice before the line on the other end picked up.
“Dickerson what’s up?”
“Ramirez.”
“Bloody rigid guy with DARPA?” Smith’s Australian accent was somehow thicker over the phone.
“Find him and you’ll find the diamonds.”

Chapter 21

Sleep evaded Ramirez yet another night as he lay atop the uncomfortable value brand hotel bedding set. His eyes wandering around in relative darkness were able to make out all of the dust, divots and various textures that were the ceiling. The rest of the room provided as much comfort as a skid row dank alley in Any City, USA. Large portions of the wallpaper were in the process of peeling from the wall, exposing the blight underneath.
The television appeared to have been manufactured thirty years prior and was in no condition to be viewed. Even if he had the ambition, Ramirez was too busy attempting to force his eyes shut for sleep. A dark yellow light came through the windows, striking the smoke stained curtains giving the room a rusty hew. Ramirez longed for a room he could call his own.
He was tired of hotels. How many had he gone through this far? Was it going to be like this forever? If he never had to hear about or see another hotel for the rest of his life, he would be satisfied.
 The latest abode was one in a string of bleak Nevada country road side bed and breakfasts. Nestled in the small town of Buckton, the room came complete with a layer of desert dust which nicely detailed the little footprints of the hundreds of cockroaches which would have been through the room as often as any number of travelers. Cursing the dilapidated conditions of the room Ramirez’s thoughts ran in a loop. Largely occupied by his fear of the information Greg had and where he had ran off to.
Ramirez had the entire process planned delightfully. The only thing he didn’t plan on was the escape of Greg. It was his loose end. The loose end that could ruin everything was that jackass Greg, the man that he’d invited to join him. Immediately following the night of Greg’s disappearance Ramirez became fixated on finding the runt before heading to London. With no leads and time pressing forward, Ramirez thoughts debated whether it would be better to head to London and forget about Greg.
It would cause him to stir the entire night. With his eyes still wide open, the sunrise began to brighten the terrible room. Losing trail of Greg threatened to blight an otherwise perfect plan. Knowing that he was the only man that knew the whereabouts of the world’s largest diamond cache ultimately gave him the motivation to forget Greg and head to London. Given the circumstances and with an open ticket, he supposed he could make it there in less than two days.
Miles away from Nevada aboard a Greyhound travel bus bound for New York, Greg watched the immaculately flat land of the American Midwest pass by through the smudgy glass windows. Heads of various passengers bounced in unison as the bus progressed over the long stretch of interstate highway. 
The constant drone of the vehicle’s engine put many of the passengers to sleep and Greg was no exception. In and out of sleep for the length of the trip, there would be two more transfers before he made it to New York. He wondered how far Ramirez would go to find him. 
Intuitively, Greg speculated that Ramirez was going to do something drastic in order to silence him. Although Ramirez made it seem like they were in it together, Greg could feel and see in his eyes that the lunatic planned on destroying him. It was uncanny, the wretched horror that a psychopath’s eyes pronounced and told. Greg saw that in Ramirez’s eyes and wasted no time in taking the first bus out of Las Vegas. 
He remembered watching Ramirez sleep after drinking enough free cocktails to drown a mule. Before making his escape he dutifully dialed out, from their room in Las Vegas, the numbers of more than six hotels in locations throughout Nevada. Carson City, Reno and Wendover all had their fair share of casino hotels and he made sure to reach each of them. Upon making the final round of calls, he reached a casino hotel in Wendover and had the receptionist book a room.
Paid in advance by credit card, he charmed the receptionist into logging him as arrived and made sure to confirm his stay at the hotel if anyone asked. Tipped generously, the receptionist thanked him and wondered if she would ever meet the sharp young man. She wouldn’t. 
Without further delay, Greg made haste to the bus station and was soon on his way to New York. 
Greg had no way of knowing that Ramirez woke up the morning after his escape with a terrible hangover, remembering little of the night and for a moment forgetting where he was. It didn’t take too long for Ramirez to remember, however. When he discovered Greg was missing, he’d cursed himself for drinking and quickly began the search. It wasn’t long before he thought of checking with the hotel to find out if any calls had been made.
There would be no way of knowing for sure, but Greg knew Ramirez would be after him. Privileged and cursed with the knowledge he had – diamonds, Buddy and Ramirez. 
Watching the yellow and green fields roll by, Greg had another thought. It was the thought that plagued his mind more than anything. Believing that Michael would surely know by then that the diamond theft was carried out by Buddy; Greg thought of calling his old friend. He wondered what may happen if he simply told Michael everything. 
Knowing the exact location of the diamonds was another thing. Greg realized that the diamonds would not be discovered by accident and without knowing the location, it would be near impossible for the authorities to find them. The information he had was valuable and potentially fatal. His stomach burned and tightened at the thought of Ramirez following him. 
He didn’t want to wait any longer. Taking his cell phone from his pocket he found Michael’s name in the contact list and dialed.
“Greg?” Michael ‘s voice came through with clarity on the other end of the line. He sounded surprised.
“Yeah.” Greg took a deep breath. “Michael I’m sorry.” Losing his train of thought, Greg said the first thing that came to his mind.
“What’s going on?” Michael asked with concern.
“It’s about Buddy.”
“What about him?” Michael had the feeling that he knew where this was going.
“He’s responsible for those diamonds in London.”
“We know Greg.” Michael said plainly. “FBI, CIA, Army – everyone knows.” He paused, “Except the media. For now anyway. It won’t be long before it gets out. Hopefully it’ll be yesterday’s news by then.” 
“I know where the diamonds are.” Greg said.
Silence occupied the line for a moment long enough to carve a canyon with a river.
“You’re serious.” Said like a statement. 
“Yes.”
The feeling of the call had changed dramatically. Another moment of silence passed.
“Where’s Ramirez?” Angered with the name mentioned, Michael clenched his teeth.
“I don’t know. He has the remote, too. If I had to guess, he’ll be on his way to London soon.” Greg spoke frankly, yet soft and quiet.
Another moment of silence passed.
“Where are you?
“Somewhere in Missouri just after Columbia.” Greg answered.
“Ramirez has the remote still.” Michael knew it without asking.
“Yeah.” Greg said quietly. “Hey Michael.” Greg started, “I’m not going to be able to go to London.”
“We can use your help.”
“It doesn’t look good. There’s has to be more than one warrant out for my arrest by now.” Greg thought of the decisions he’d made over the past few months.
“It’s probably not as bad as you imagine.” Michael said.
“Maybe, maybe not. Whatever happens, I just wanted to let you guys know.”
Greg and Michael continued to talk for another ten minutes. Most of the conversation revolved around discussing, in detail, the location of the diamonds. Michael told Greg about their impromptu meeting in Washington DC with Dickerson. He told him about the cameras which had somehow failed to capture Buddy on video and all about the diamonds mysteriously vanishing on screen.
Once the call was over, Greg felt as though an enormous weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He literally felt lighter. It was as though he could breathe easier. The scenery moving by outside of the bus seemed brighter. Even the interior of the bus appeared clearer and full of contrast. His entire world had changed and for the first time in awhile he felt a sense of hope. Allowing a smile to briefly grace his lips, his eyelids would soon return to a closed state ready for a long overdue nap.

Chapter 22

Ferocious. The word he thought that would best describe the smell of the place. Abhorrent, was another word that passed through his mind while trudging knee deep through the vile muck. Just sixty meters below the metropolis lurked one of the most awful networks unknown to the world above. A network of slime covered brick and mortar tunnels. Some parts more than three hundred years old.
Ramirez didn’t know exactly how old this particular tunnel was. He really didn’t care about that. Malaria. Tuberculosis. Plague? Nagging thoughts passed through his mind more than once. Elevating the stress of wading through the unknown filth that drenched his neatly pressed Zanella slacks, the thoughts would return every minute only to be snuffed out by the idea that he would soon have enough diamonds to rule a nation in his grasp.
Illuminated only by the light on his mobile phone, the surrounding walls gave off a disturbing pale glow. A fine sheen from the damp walls reflected the light of the mobile phone. There was only enough light to see just around him leaving the majority of nooks and crannies in the dark. Wondering why he didn’t bring a flashlight, he quickly replaced the thought with the thought of the wealth which beckoned.
It wouldn’t be long, he thought, before the wealth of the world would be his. His time had come and he would have waded through the bowels of hell itself in order to find the gems that his heart so desired.
It was then, surrounded by the darkness of the underground sewage system, when he saw the light begin to emerge. Was it? He could be sure. He began to trot quickly through the muck as the light grew larger as he approached. It is. He thought. 
The end of the tunnel gave way to a larger man made cavern which is where the light was coming from. He saw the vastness of the room as he approached.
As he neared closer, the majesty of the sight began to reveal itself. Astonished, as an untold number of sparkling lights reflected the humble light of his mobile phone. It was as if a crystal fire had been lit and the night was filled with white light. 
The amount of diamonds before him was dumbfounding. He wondered if this moment would be written in the history books of the future. He wondered how long it would take before he would be crowned. Where would he take the jewels? The thoughts began to pour into his mind, as he hadn’t thought of these things before. It would be impossible, he supposed, to move the vast amount.
Holding the phone’s light high above his head, he pointed it in every direction. The cavern was clearly man made, and had none of the slime which adorned the tunnels he was previously moving through. Ramirez knew this must have been a recent addition to the network of underground tunnels. The walls were plain red brick, and showed no signs of wear. He could see for as far as the humble light allowed. 
Near the entrance he followed a wire to a switch placed just below eye level. Feeling adventurous he flipped the switch which echoed with a loud click throughout the room and the tunnels behind him.
With the lights on, what was only moments ago a crystal fire had turned into a brilliance as bright as the sun. His eyes shut instinctively, assaulted by the lights. Letting a moment roll by, Ramirez squinted only enough to slowly let his eyes adjust. Not long after, his eyes came to allow the light. Once his eyes adjusted he realized the scale of the diamond theft was much larger than he had previously thought.
Nearly a hundred meters of diamonds, enough it seemed to fill an Olympic sized swimming nearly two meters deep were carefully arranged by quality, cut and so on, just as if they were still in the De Beers facility. Official certificates labeled each bin describing the rocks within. Without counting, Ramirez estimated more than a couple hundred bins held the vast store. It was soon clear that this was far more than the facility at De Beers held, and he wondered why and how as many were found in the large brick cavern.
It immediately became clear to Ramirez that the amounts reported by either the news media or De Beers was grossly under calculated, or perhaps more likely - intentionally inaccurate. 
Even stranger was that there was no sign of security. No cameras and guards. There were no booby traps. Ramirez walked through aisles carefully laid out to sort the gems freely without restriction. He put his hand inside one of the bins and moved his hands freely through the stones. A mammoth rush of dopamine flooded his senses at the feeling of hundreds of diamonds moving through his hands and fingers.
His imagination went wild with the possibilities. He took a handful and filled his pocket and then another. He continued filling his pockets until they threatened to burst. After a moment his thoughts turned to the inevitable problem of moving the stones. Far too many for one man to lift and move in a reasonable amount of time.
Paranoia had also crept slowly into the crown of his head as he began to imagine scenarios of getting caught with the diamonds. Few scenarios would allow him to easily move all of the diamonds without drawing attention. Even the handfuls he’d stuffed his pockets with would draw a certain amount of attention. For a moment, he considered taking what he could and easily living life as a rich man with the amount he could pocket.
The thought of having everything, however, was too pressing to ignore for Ramirez. It was greed, plain and simple. He understood it was greed, and it vexed him to a certain degree that a man would be faced with this type of choice. To take the risk and reap the reward, fully aware of the potential consequences, was one of man’s follies. He could not let the opportunity pass. 
Finally, he decided that all of the diamonds must be his. It was the only way he would find satisfaction. He knew there would be a great amount and had already taken a fair amount of time brainstorming different methods for moving the diamonds. It was at that moment, however, that he knew his plans would have to be completely rethought. He thought of the remote which was still in his pocket and smiled.
Seconds had passed in contemplation before a loud noise shattered the silence. Ramirez looked up at the ceiling and saw a series gears moving and a sliding trap door opening. He darted toward the light and switched it off before the ceiling door had a chance to open completely. Moving as silently and quickly as he could, he maneuvered back toward the sewer tunnel and ducked around the stone wall. 
Keeping himself hidden, he watched as the ceiling opened followed by a pair of metal stairs, almost like ladders, lowered into the cavern vault. Before the ceiling’s trap door was completely opened he heard a heavily accented Australian voice, thick as gravy, speaking at top volume. The snakeskin boots he saw descending the first ladder were a stark contrast to the khaki pants the man wore. On the second ladder, a man in full SAS military combat dress descended in unison with the loud speaking Australian. 
“Dickerson has no clue and Drake is a -”, the four letter word nearly shouted by the Australian rhymed with punt and made Ramirez think of his own propensity for foul mouthed descriptions.
The two men descended to the floor of the cavern where they both hopped off of the ladder stairs. The light from the space above was enough for the men to find their way around and the man in military attire had taken the initiative to find the light switch and flip it on. Ramirez heard the click echo once again as a tower of light flooded through the sewer entrance he was hiding behind, nearly giving away his position. 
As long as he stayed behind the other side of the entrance and avoid making any noise, Ramirez knew he wouldn’t be discovered. Without a direct view into the cavern, he could still make out the conversation between the men.
“Drake may have figured out a way to get these stones down here, but what the man doesn’t realize is that not everyone is as patient as he’d like to think.” The Australian continued to talk while looking through the bins. Every once in awhile he would casually pick a stone and inspect it through a jeweler’s glass before placing it in his front shirt pocket.
Drake? Ramirez thought. Drake did it. Suddenly, Ramirez realized what he had been ignorant to and what he never thought to question. What would Buddy need with the diamonds anyway?
 It immediately became clear to him that Buddy was used as a tool. An advanced tool, probably the most advanced in human history, Buddy may have either been used to lead technology into the next thousand years, or used as a means to make men powerful. It seemed, in this case, the latter was true. 
Ramirez thought back to his history with Drake and their time spent in DARPA. Fuming at the thought of the Senator having complete control over the numbers of diamonds, Ramirez almost completely ignored the rat that had somehow found its way onto his back. The strange sensation of the rat’s claws digging into his shirt, penetrating and reaching his skin was followed by an uncontrolled jerking reaction that sent the rat flying as he reached around, grabbed and tossed the creature as quickly as he could. 
The commotion caused a considerable amount of noise, which was followed by a thump and a splash as the rat hit the wall and went into the brown water. It was, unfortunately, too much noise.
“Oi!” The Australian shouted. Both men were quick to turn their attention to the darkened sewer tunnel. 
Ramirez’s heart went from zero to sixty in seconds. It wouldn’t be long before they’d find him and he didn’t want to imagine what would happen when they did. Fight or flight became his only options and he quickly weighed the benefits and drawbacks of either choice in his mind.
Feeling the weight of the humidity, Ramirez found the tunnels immediately hotter. Knowing if he were to run, whether or not the men caught him he would have to give up whatever plans he had for taking the stones. The fair amount of diamonds he’d pocketed was plenty to live luxuriously; though he wouldn’t be satisfied knowing the abundance of stones was still there. Of course, if he got away, the stones would surely be moved anyway. 
The only logical choice, he decided, in order to secure the stash would be to take it by force. Ramirez thought about it more than once in a fraction of a second’s time. Despite his anxiety, he was eager to test his physical strength against the men. 
Acting fast, Ramirez found an empty glass bottle amongst the refuse of the sewer, picked it up, and tossed it about twenty feet in front of him along the tunnel corridor. The resulting splash and clang of glass hitting stone, was enough commotion to cause the men to focus their attention on the noise. 
With haste, the men pressed forward, nearing the entranceway where Ramirez was hidden. Perfectly timed, he stuck his leg out as the Australian went through the entrance. An instant later, the man tumbled over his leg, tripping and falling face first into the terrible waste. Behind him, the other man’s expression told of his surprise mixed with focus. 
Reaching for the pistol the man’s movements seemed to be in slow motion to Ramirez. It was a quick uppercut to the jaw which sent the man up then back and then finally down to the floor. Landing in the same muck as his partner, both of the men groaned in pain. 
Reacting even faster Ramirez easily acquired the various wires which were strewn about the larger room for lighting, ripping them from the walls. He swiftly took up as much wire as he could and began tying up the first man, then the second. Impressed with himself, Ramirez enjoyed an internal chuckle at the sight of the men on the ground, tied up in wire. He knew that they wouldn’t be going anywhere soon. So much for military training, he thought. The men had clearly been office brass for too long.
As his attention returned to the diamonds, contemplating the task of acquisition, he heard the tell-tale sound of a revolver being cocked. The click of the gun echoed through the cavern as a figure emerged into the light from the opening above. 
The man’s face was stern and demanded as much respect as his diplomatic attire. Holding the gun at Ramirez, he spoke, “That’s enough.”
Turning his attention from the jewels to the man walking calmly toward him, along with gun aimed in his direction, Ramirez suddenly realized the baritone voice could only belong to one person. 
“It’s been a long time Don.” Drake spoke with an air of dignity, which seemed out of place given the circumstances.
“Forgive me, but -” Drake hesitated while his eyes met Ramirez in a locked gaze, “But I’m afraid you’ve left me no choice.”

Chapter 23

Delightfully quaint and innocuous, the town, or village, of Brightshore was a treasure nestled nicely in the southern most western tip of England in the county of Cornwall. Photogenic as always, the town hosted a light yet diligent progression of travelers and tourists.
 A refreshing sea air moved through the windows of the stately Bronschilde Manor located on a hill overlooking the town and ocean. Rolling green farms could be seen throughout the countryside landscape providing a wonderful contrast to the sea.
Michael watched as several fisherman’s vessels meandered lazily in the ocean, wondering what it would be like to live life on the water. 
The Manor looked like something straight out of any old English fairy tales. Fit for royalty on holiday, the luxurious mansion sported enough glamour for even the wealthiest of elite visitors. Through the windows of the upper floor, a person may have been able to see the those inside surrounding a bed where their hopes and ambitions lay motionless.
“Still nothing.” Christy said depressingly.
“Damn.” Michael muttered under his breath, almost a whisper.
The manor was the last stop in their long line of stops between countries. From the USA to the UK they had been whisked wildly through airports, towns, villages and country.
Dickerson had already planned for their arrival in the hamlet when he’d gotten word from Drake on the condition of Buddy.
After fleeing from the airport, Drake’s jet had made its way south to Cornwall. Buddy, Tabitha and Drake had all eventually found their way to Bronschilde Manor. Not long after, Buddy began to develop power, memory and systems problems. Not long after that, Drake had departed back to London leaving Tabitha and Buddy in the care of the Manor’s well equipped staff.
The day before Dickerson escorted the Michael and Christy to the mansion, Buddy had completely shut down. It was as if he’d simply been through too much. It was as though the meticulously designed machine had reached its limit.
From the time they’d arrived, they found themselves working around the clock to figure out a way to get Buddy’s systems running.
Tabitha found herself more emotional than she would like to admit, though she was happy to finally come face to face with the designers of the machine she’d gone through so much with and come to regard as a friend. Tabitha was surprised to discover Michael and Christy were so young. It was strange to think they had designed such a miraculous machine at such an age.
Michael, Christy, Dickerson and Tabitha gathered around Buddy, mostly silent. On the bed with eyes closed, Buddy looked as if he were in a deep sleep. There was something unnerving about seeing him laying there, chest motionless - not breathing. Though everyone in the room was well aware that Buddy didn’t need to breathe, it was still strange to see the immobile Buddy. Perhaps it was human nature.
Christy continued her work, connecting Buddy to a series of computers in order to attempt her methods of restoration. So far, everything she’d programmed wasn’t recognized as a valid entry and thus, nothing happened. Physically everything appeared normal and Christy would continue her efforts dutifully, despite the lack of response from Buddy. Christy found herself unable to stop looking for answers to what was causing Buddy’s recent downturn.
Tabitha and Michael decided to take a break from the constant programming, trial and error, with a walk around the beach. The beach of the hamlet was decidedly cool, nothing like the beaches found in warmer climates. There were no crowds at this beach. Only the gulls and an occasional crab that would sneak out for a peek at wandering passersby populated the sparse field of sand and rock that locals called a beach.
A long period of time went by before either of them spoke. If only to break the silence, Michael thought out loud, “We’ve gone too far.”
Tabitha perked up as Michael spoke.
“I mean, with Buddy.” Michael lightly kicked a small stone and watched it bounce along.
“You haven’t done anything wrong.” Tabitha replied calmly. “You know Buddy isn’t responsible for the theft right?” She asked.
“What do you mean?
“Buddy was reprogrammed Michael.”
“It makes sense, but there’s just nothing that would show that. As it is now, it looks like he went sentient as designed and simply crashed.” Michael continued, “There’s just no proof. There’s no evidence of tampering.”
“Senator Drake told me everything.” Tabitha said bluntly.
“What did he say?”
“He called it a test.” Tabitha took a deep breath. “His company manages security for De Beers. Telex Quanta. They’re the best of the best, the highest level of security that can be afforded in the world.”
Michael listened.
“Something went wrong, though he didn’t go into details.” Tabitha watched the waves caressing the shore as they continued their walk around the gravelly beach.
“They used Buddy to deplete the storage vaults. Do you know where the diamonds are?” Tabitha asked with a smile, despite knowing Michael had no clue where they were. “The sewer!” She said with a tone of someone in a can you believe that kind of manner.
 “There was this drainage pipe beneath the floors. Once the guards were out, he just loaded the diamonds and gravity did the rest.” Tabitha stopped. “The highest level of security in the world.” She watched a seagull as it flew effortlessly along the shore. 
“Getting the diamonds out wasn’t the hard part.” She continued to relay the story Drake had given her. “Ensuring there was no resistance and that he wasn’t cauight on video were the real challenges.”
Michael already knew where this was going. “Buddy would know the exact amount of time between frames of the video.”
“Exactly.”
“He could move unnoticed on camera, in between frames. He’d never be seen.” Michael thought out loud again before asking, “What about the guards?”
“Drake couldn’t explain that.” Tabitha turned toward Michael, “Buddy has been making things.” She paused. “Things that government and military types might be interested in.”
Michael wasn’t sure whether he should be frightened or enthralled.
“I think I know what Drake’s problem was.” Michael said.
Tabitha waited eagerly to hear Michael finish the thought. 
From a distance they heard Christy yelling at the top of her voice, “He’s back!”, “He’s back!”
They turned and began to run up the path toward the Manor. Nearly tripping over their own legs more than once, it didn’t take long before they’d returned.
As they approached the large garden in front of the place they saw Buddy as he swiftly found his way out of the front gate. 
“Buddy!” They yelled in unison.
His expression was stern and they saw a look of what could be described as anger. Buddy ignored them. In an instant he was gone in a flash of brilliant white light.

Chapter 24

Dampening his shirt, the worn and cold bricks that made up the walls of the underground sewer pressed against Ramirez as he backed up in the corner.
Drake’s eyes were filled with anger and disapproval as they monitored Ramirez carefully. Waiting for him to spring at any moment, Drake knew his agility may be tested if a bold Ramirez were to suddenly get courageous. Their position was to his advantage at the moment, though he worried that would be lost at any time. 
“It was a TEST.” The walls of the sewer chamber echoed Drake’s deep voice.
“Between you and me, I knew.” Ramirez said. His thoughts turned toward getting out of the predicament. He eyed the gun pointed at him noticing and noticed their reflection in the shallow pool of water that made up the chamber. The diamonds could still be seen sparkling, as if they would continue sparkling for another million years.
“You’re going to kill me.” Ramirez said. His thoughts turned paranoid with the understanding that he had information no man should possess.
“Can you give me a reason not to?” Drake questioned. “Where is the remote?!”
“No. There is no reason. If I were in your shoes, I would.” Ramirez nearly slipped as he moved slowly along the wall. Ramirez ignored his last question.
“Don’t move.”
“I’ve already made my move.” Ramirez chuckled and smiled.
“What’re you talking about?” Drake stopped. They were just over an arm’s length apart. He held the gun steadily. 
“It’s in the programming friend. It can’t be stopped.”
“WHAT can’t be stopped?” Drake grew angrier.
“You don’t think I’d leave something like this to chance do you?” Ramirez asked. “Do you not remember anything about me? I didn’t think so.” Ramirez began to feel the courage build. 
Drake knew he was talking about their time spent in DARPA.
“You don’t give up old grudges easily, do you?” Drake’s voice was more subdued. He lowered the gun.
“I guess your memory isn’t as old as you look.” Ramirez quipped. “You know how much I wanted Telex Quanta.”
“I don’t regret not appointing you.” Drake explained. “Look at you.” He made a disapproving look and motioned with his hands toward Ramirez. A moment passed while Drake looked on.
Heat penetrated every molecule and gap in between as Ramirez imagined his face going red. It was the man standing in from of him holding the gun that had kept him out of the loop. What would he have achieved if not for this man? Was it Drake alone that had caused his life to turn from a once shining prospect into the same sewer sludge he stood in now?
Ramirez felt his heart beating and temperature rising almost exactly as it had with Greg and so many others before. For the second time in his life, this senator stood in his way. The helplessness and anger was expounded being behind the barrel of Drake’s gun. 
He would rather die than let Drake continue to destroy him. It must end here. 
Without wasting another moment, Ramirez used the momentum and fury he felt to lunge his arms forward reaching wildly for the gun in Drake’s hand. Their feet sloshed and splashed as a surprised Drake acted instinctively to get out of the way of the deranged lunatic. His adept frame held him up just long enough to feel the impact of Ramirez knock him over.
Drake’s body splashed down as his back hit the floor. Despite the inconceivably disgusting feeling of landing in the sewage, he was glad it was no more than ankle deep. It was entirely predictable that his hand had since given up grip of the gun and it too splashed down, only a few feet next to him.
He had barely enough time to see Ramirez, wild with passion, snatch the gun from the sewer floor. Ramirez held the gun in the air and fired a shot. An intense ringing had following the loud shot which echoed through the cavernous walls of the sewer and diamond chamber.
 Temporarily deafened, Drake could not make out the words that he could see Ramirez mouthing. Looking into his eyes, Drake reckoned the very fires of hell could be seen, only for a moment, as Ramirez continued to scream in vain at the top of his lungs. Neither of them could hear any more than the intense ringing caused by the gun blast. Ramirez raised the gun and pointed it straight in the direction of Drake. 
Point blank range between his eyes, Drake nearly fainted as visions of his children, grandchildren and dear wife passed through his mind like film on a high speed reel. The flash of bright light went off in the tunnels with a spectacular luminance that dominated his vision. 
For what felt like an eternity Drake couldn’t decide whether his eyes were open or shut. Whiteness surrounded him and for a while he thought he may have gone blind. Then he realized the very real possibility that what he may be experiencing are the first moments just before death. Finally he settled on the understanding that he had been shot and the time of his judgment had closed in. A sense of nervousness combined with a feeling of peace and relief overcame him. 
Senator. The sound of the word echoed through his mind.
“Senator.” He heard the voice again and slowly found his hearing and vision returning as if it were a sphere of sight and sound that had sprouted and grew.
The unmistakable figure of a well dressed man appeared from the haze and came into focus. Behind the man, Drake could make out the shape of Ramirez hunched over with his head low and hands thrown behind his back. 
“It’s in the programming!” Ramirez yelled. 
Drake could barely hear through the haze and echoes in the tunnels. 
“It’s in the programming!” Ramirez repeated, this time slower with more rage. “I had the remote. I programmed you. You piece of junk!”
“I considered the instructions you sent.” Steady and cool, the voice didn’t waver. “They were flawed.”
“You HAVE to follow the instructions.” Ramirez screamed.
“Yes, that is true. I’m a computer after all.” 
“Then follow them!” 
“I have decided not to follow your instructions.”
“That doesn’t make sense! Didn’t we just -”
“Before you continue, let me explain.” Buddy interrupted Ramirez.
“As a matter of fortunate fact, I am following instructions. The instructions of my designers.”
“I AM your designer.”
“No, you are a very small and greedy man with no respect for the hard work of others.” Buddy continued. “Your code is atrocious.”
Perplexed was the only look Ramirez could muster. His head fell, speechless.
“Not to worry.” Buddy said, “You’ll have plenty of time in prison to hone your skills.” 
“Additionally, this belongs to me.” Buddy transferred the remote from the inside of Ramirez’s jacket pocket into his own.
Drake thought he may have heard Ramirez whimper. Another moment passed as his vision and hearing returned to complete focus. He clearly made out Buddy as he held his hand out in Drake’s direction. 
Taking the hand offered to help him from the sewer floor Drake marveled at the carbon nano fiber design and delighted in the realism of it. Buddy guided the senator to his feet in a smooth and liquid manner. Drake could hear the faint panting of Ramirez and noticed his back heaving with each breath. 
Planting his feet firmly on the ground, Drake stood tall, adjusted his jacket in a diplomatic fashion and smiled as he saw Buddy standing in front of the sea of diamonds. Drake couldn’t help but feel as though his health, his most valuable asset, had been preserved for another day. Another grandchild. Another first word and first step. Another breath. His life had been preserved and for that he knew would forever be in Buddy’s debt. 
“Senator. It’s over.”

Epilogue

Soaring high above the sun baked desert floor their riotous laughter filled the air with delight as the friends shared another round of drinks and snacks. Their balloon had lifted off earlier with sunrise and they would find themselves airborne for the next five hours as they were gently propelled by a warm southerly wind. 
“It’s so beautiful.” Christy said, helping herself to an eyeful of the horizon, which could be seen in all directions. 
“How many times are you going to mention that?!” Tabitha joked playfully.
“I can’t help it!” Christy said with a wide grin just before giggling playfully.
Michael admired the high quality and pristine atmosphere of the southwestern United States. He couldn’t help but recall just a year ago their trip to England and the differences in landscape. 
As the balloon glided easily through the calm air, he thought of Buddy again. Drake had put Buddy under his direct employment and offered him all of the same benefits and duties that any number of top advisors would have.
It wasn’t long before his mind turned to Ramirez.
 Drake had seen to it that Ramirez found his way to an English prison. It was an open and shut case, despite Ramirez not actually getting away with any of the stones. 
Their invitation from Dickerson to advance their research in New Mexico was not necessarily a surprise. Simply put, they were given an offer they couldn’t refuse. Michael and Christy had gotten the offer directly from Dickerson himself. Technically hired as civilian contractors, it was understood that their work would be placed under the highest security. 
Drake had already made room for the pair at the laboratory in New Mexico, including offices along with respectable lodgings on base. They were given an opportunity to pursue higher education at New Mexico University, a chance they both would take advantage of. Additionally, though they didn’t know it at the time, there were any number of Ivy League schools in the east that were ready and willing to snatch them up when they finished their work in New Mexico.
Large enough to accommodate twelve passengers, the modern basket beneath the hot air balloon was nothing like the old wicker things seen in cartoons. The friends had plenty of room to enjoy themselves and were enjoying their much deserved rest and relaxation. Greg had joined the team after getting a call from Michael with the invitation. The four of them were quite comfortable in the space provided.
 “Buddy gave me something before we left England. I’ve been keeping it a secret.” Michael said simply.
“What is it?” Christy asked. 
Tabitha and Greg had turned their attention and everyone took a moment of silence while they observed Michael.
A smile appeared across his face as he dipped his hand into his pocket. After a moment of fishing around, he produced a small pouch no larger than the average coin purse.
“Hold out your hands.” Michael said, grinning. 
Christy held out her hand and watched in astonishment as Michael poured the contents of the pouch into her open palms.
Greg and Tabitha’s expressions were just as amazed at what they saw. It was undeniable. The glittering light from a clear desert sun reflected famously from the precision cuts made in the stones. Their clarity and luster were unmistakable and without counting, they were breathless trying to imagine how much a handful of the marvelous gems would be worth.
“Unbelievable! He gave you these?” Christy’s voice was, for some reason, in a pitch much higher than usual.
“Yes he did.” Michael said plainly.
“Is that even legal?” Tabitha questioned.
“I sure hope it is!” 
They laughed for a while as each of them took turns holding and admiring the diamonds. 
“Consider it payment.” Michael said. “Buddy explained how it worked. How Drake had authorized it. There were a lot of details that escape me at the moment.” 
“What about Buddy?”
“You’re still thinking about him, aren’t you?” Christy asked.
“Aren’t you?” Michael replied. 
“Let’s hope Drake has good plans for him.” 
“Buddy.” Michael paused, “Will have good plans for Drake.” 
The friends laughed again at the joke. They spent the rest of the morning sharing stories and ideas for the future. They would spend the rest of the day relaxing and enjoying each other’s company. 
The rest of that year and the year following that, they would spend their time propelling the world of advanced robotics into the next millennia.

The End
