Foci
by ipam

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

My home. living room. suppertime. 5:46pm. Monday. I hear a ding then tap my bracelet communication or cellette. I see pale skin and red hair of girl pal Alcoona, smiling. “Hey, Alcoona!”
My Mama holds fork. “Not during our suppertime, Igala. You may call Alcoona later tonight after gathering the supper dishes into the dishwasher.”
Every night, my family seats together at the re-designer Dining table for the evening meal per my Daddy’s instructions.
Since, my life is busy with school, boys, boys, and boys, while Daddy’s life is filled with job work, yard work, and keeping me away from the boys.
My parents enjoy the social gatherings before two cute daughters and one mischievous son quickly grow from silly kids into careless teens. Then, I, his seventeen-year old daughter graduates from Hall, selects a job, and gets married, making a happy ending for me.
“Yes, ma’am. Bye, Alcoona!” Alcoona stick a tongue tip at me, really for my Mama, then the cellette turns back into my picture of black hair and olive skin. I scatter the food around my place, hearing four different musical styles inside our house, rock and roll, classical, country, and pop. Since, my Mama doesn’t mind any noise or mess, because she’s a working Mama with a metal maid.
My Daddy holds the spoon. “And, how did the Old Girl do today on the road highway, Igala?”
My little brother, nine-years old, smiles at Daddy. “The young driver viciously banged head-on into one of six stone pylons inside the Hall’s parking lot trying to park the Old Girl,” then he eats, giggling.
I part lips, “Monkey Spy. You’re a slithering monkey spy, little brother. He used…”
My brother fingers the cellie, a boyish communication wrist device. “He used the famous Black Box. That’s really colored black and secretly hidden under a steering column inside the old girl. I accessed the video tape on my cellie while watching the bump and grind of a once smooth shiny front metal bumper. Ya know, Igala! The bumper of the Old Girl is made from a piece of delicate silver chrome. Chrome ain’t harvested or shaped, anymore, since it can be easily damaged against a natural mineral like bedrock limestone. At Hall, the stone pylons are round shapes of gray hard natural limestone, marking the individual parking spot for each Hall fart, like…”
Every kid at eight-years old owns a cellie for both safety and entertainment, the world’s communication for voice, music, written, and visual happenings.
In the year 2066, all academic classes occur within the home family environment under loving parental supervision starting at the age of four. Every household family is provided a Teacher-Robot from Society for lectures from English Literature to Spelling to Science Physics. It does not do the supper dishes, thou.
Some households own robots from housekeeping, babysitting, garden landscaping, and building repairs. My family owns a Teacher-robot and a Housekeeping-robot helping Mama out with the housework, since Granny is too old for domestic chores.
When a student reaches seventeen years old, a training program is offered at Hall. The same-age teens train and test their intellectual skills for a paying re-generator job within Society.
Utensils hit supper platters at the same time, when my Daddy views his son. “Son, we don’t use that vile language at our supper table. You apologize to your big sister. Understand?”
My brother frowns, viewing the plate of food. “Yes, sir! I’m sorry, Igala.”
“Apology accepted!” I say, meekly. Since, I didn’t tattle-tale about a crunched front bumper both driving and parking the Old Girl for the first time to Hall.
The “Old Girl” is an ancient Cadillac gasoline-propelled vehicle from an ancient year 1976, last century AD. The Cadillac is a pretty aqua color with two horizontal doors, a convertible holding eight wild-ass teens or six mature adults or one responsible Driver plus nine silly kids less than eight years old.
At the age of seventeen years old, Society law grants teen drivers any type of transport with one, two, three, four or no rubber tires.
A hover flies one-foot from the pavement or dirt ground, running on a combination of solar cells, electricity power, and everyday garage from your kitchen trashcan.
I passed my cyber-space driving test on a Transport-robot at the Regulator Office anticipating both a birthday party and a car, since my parents bartered an ancient television for an ancient car.
An ancient long Cadillac isn’t my first choice for a rolling or hovering vehicle, eyeing a new sports hover car, a gray sleek-looking semi-rounded mouse-shaped object, costing 50,000 coins. The cool car sucks up two horizontal platform skis underneath a smooth flat belly of the black metal, instead of using four rubber black tires while holding the car upright in the air. The doors slide vertical into the heavens, instead slanted at 45-degrees for hitting hair roots or bopping a skulls on the older hover cars. A new invention by a cool and smart re-generator, who re-designs hovering transports with both abused metals and new minerals on Planet Earth.
“Did you sustain any type of injury, sweetheart?” My Daddy frowns looking ugly with his fifty-years, black hair, and pale skin.
“Naw,” then, I eat.
“Did you have any other passengers inside the car, Igala?” My Mama frowns looking ugly with her fifty-years, black hair, and olive skin.
“Naw,” then, I eat.
“Did another student eye witness your crash into the stone pylon, Igala?” Granny frowns, looking ugly with her seventy-years, gray hair, and pale skin.
“Naw,” then, I eat.
My Daddy holds fork. “Igala, it’s very important that you always tell one of us any type of car crash on the Old Girl.”
My Mama frowns. “The front bumper will not be fixed, Igala. This will serve as a reminder of your silly teen carelessness, Igala. I can’t emphasize enough to pay attention to your exterior or outside surroundings, especially when driving a car or walking down a sideway or riding a bicycle. This new family rule applies to each and every member of the Smith household. Does everyone understand our new ruling?”
“Ya sound like a Regulator, Mama,” my young sister, eight years old with black hair and pale skin, spoons her food. 
My Mama chews, “I do. Since, a Regulator is the only authority to enforce all the rules of our Society. And, these same rules keep our Society both safe and happy. So, don’t be forgetting that simply lesson. My babies are young and learning, now. You’ll find out in due time how vitally important a Regulator is in our lives and lifestyle.”
“That’s a life lesson for later, Igala,” my Granny smiles at me.
I finish my food then signal Housekeeping-robot for another plate while my brother entertains with his latest science projects or my young sister sings her new musical song. My parents didn’t use suppertime for updating their jobs. They’re re-generators.
Every working person is a re-generator, who re-shapes or re-designs something, a car, a house, a boat, a building, a piece of furniture or a piece of clothing or a re-merchant, who re-sales re-designer products for coins. The raw resources of oil, minerals, plants, and animals are actually plentiful abundant on Planet Earth. However, Society has established a new rule. All sources are to be re-shaped, re-designed, and re-structure until destroyed, hence my ancient car.
My Daddy views, smiling then claps. “Six-fifty. Supper’s done! I got a very special surprise for ya’ll.”
“What, Daddy?” My sister smiles.
My brothers stands, waving arms, “A puppy!? Ya got me a puppy. My birthday’s next month. A puppy! Where’s it, Daddy?” He drops under the table.
“No, son,” My Daddy stands, motioning the Living room. “Son, please shuffle the coffee table lengthwise in front of the long sofa for our special treat, tonight. Dear, please bring our dessert tray into the Living room for the evening. We’ll eat on the coffee table, tonight.”
My Mama helps the old-model Housekeeping-robot with dirty dishes, saying. “What’s your special surprise, honey? Are we having company, tonight? Granny only made pie for nine folks. Since, our growing tall boy likes to eat his and three other pie slices.” She smiles.
My Daddy fiddles with the 20-foot horizontal television, attaching the Driver tip into the portal. The Driver tip contains the proper electronic access code for the family surprise. Then, the plasma turns pink then orange and then green lines behind a black background.
My Mama carries a tray of milk and pie.
My house is two-story antebellum house with four columns rising into the second level of bedroom. We inherited the house when my Mama’s father died. We had lived in a single level house, where I had shared a bedroom with my sister.
When you enter the living space, you see a ten-feet sky blue wall, then a ten-feet tango orange wall, then a ten-feet candy pink wall, then a ten-feet yellow lemon wall, then brown walls right beside red brick wall.
My parents re-painted the interior walls of the inherited house, since the Housekeeping-robot performed too many domestic interior and exterior duties, including the yard.
At five years old, Britten ordered for her birthday present, painting the interior walls an array of different prism color every freaking ten-feet between the shelving.
Each shelf holds family pictures of alive and dead family members. Therefore, Daddy accommodated Britten’s wish, when my birthday wish at ten was a pony. I got a stuffed pony the size of a clothes washer.
My Daddy back steps from the television, assuring the Driver tip is functioning. “Okay, folks! Please, sit! Granny gets the end of the sofa. My seat is the opposite side. Igala, you seat beside Granny, like always. And son, you sit in front of me. Every one assume your position.” He chuckles.
My Mama sits the tray on the coffee table, doling pie. “Dear, you’re being very mysterious. And, why’s the television showing a green line of nothing?”
“That’s my surprise,” my Daddy smiles. “Hurry, hurry! Everyone take their position. The program will be starting, soon.” He places the cup and pie on the side table.
“What program, Daddy?” My brother stands and reaches for the Driver tip. “What’s this?”
“Don’t touch it, son! Come back and sit down in front of me! Finish your dessert like a good boy,” my Daddy orders.
The green horizontal lines wiggle into the word, Foci. Then, jazzy music plays along with red shooting stars shooting.
My Mama gasps then hugs me. “I don’t think this is an appropriate entertainment program for the children, today.”
I spit food. “I’m not a child, Mama. I’m an intelligent and smart teenager…”
Granny taps my knee. “Quiet Igala! You’re to respect your Mama and your Daddy at all times, sweetheart.”
I spit food. “Yes, ma’am!” Then, I watch the plasma.
My brother spits food, “Daddy, how’da ya get this pirated Foci program?”
“This is not pirated, son.” My Mama bangs his skull.
My Daddy points the fork at the television. “My supervisor rewarded me the Driver tip for a job well done.” I wiggle from Mama, eating more pie.
My Mama wraps arms around her shirt. “Your Supervisor could have given you a food Driver tip or a fuel Driver tip, not this particular Driver tip.”
Granny exhales then inhales, not smiling while replacing the pie back upon the tray. “Every thing costs coins. I’m not surprised that someone hasn’t boxed up air molecules and then required payment for breathing. I’ve lived long enough, remembering. There was a thing called ‘free’ television. There were about five or six television stations that created television programs for daily morning, afternoon, and evening television folk entertainment. Then, the television station executives and shareholders got greedy, charging people lots of money to watch their favorite sporting events or dramatic adventure programs. Of course, folks liked watching TV. So, they paid. Then, everyone paid. Now, every one pays for everything type of television show.”
“Granny, Foci is the most popular. Every one knows about Foci. Everyone watches Foci, but us. Why, Mama?” My brother nods, spitting food.
My Daddy says. “Granny, you don’t have to watch tonight’s program with us.” Granny is his biological Mama.
“I’m be fine!” Granny stares at the word, Foci.
My brother spits food. “So’s, if it’s not pirated Daddy, then ya got us connected directly to the Foci Station. Foci plays every night starting at seven until whenever. So cool! I can watch it every evening right after supper. Some of my pals watch it with their parents. Since, only a parent can access the program code. My pals talk about the great g…”
“Son, who are these on-line academic friends of yours that talk about Foci to you?” My Mama stares at his hair roots.
“Just squawk, not talk, Mama! I don’t really believe that stuff my friends says, anyways,” nods my brother.
“Well, son! I’m afraid that stuff is really true. You be seeing it here, live,” my Daddy drinks, staring at the word, Foci.
My Mama shakes curls. “I don’t want our children…”
“I’m a teenager, Mama!” I finish eating, replacing the dirty dish on the tray.
Granny views me, “I don’t agree or disagree. But, I do believe this is important for Igala to understand the seriousness of Foci. She just turned seventeen years old.”
“I know, what Foci is. Every one knows, what Foci is.” I lie.
My brother spits food. “Can we pay to watch Foci, every night like my friend…”
My Mama shake curls. “No, sweetheart! This is a one-time-special occasion. Right, dear?”
My Daddy hold fork. “Your Mama is both wise and correct, son. This is a one time event, tonight. Therefore, enjoy the action, now. Since, this will be the only time you’ll get to see Foci.”
The word is replaced with a grassy park. Three families are present. One is a portrait of Mama, Daddy, two children, and four senior citizens at a picnic. The second family plays with two dogs, and one child, and three senior citizens. The third picture is senior citizens, laughing and eating. The narrator says. “In the year 2044, the world’s population has older senior citizens than middle age families.”
My brother spits food, laughing, “The young dudes and dudettes like me outnumber ya, Granny.”
“You are very correct, son,” my Daddy pats his hair.
The narrator says. “In the year 2066, the world is a lovely place to enjoy and raise your children. There’s plenty of dirt land for building your dream house with your precious family, plenty of work of paying and productive jobs for money. And, there is a slow people population growth, not challenging or impacting our limited earth soil environment like sky, space, and sea.”
The picture shows people walking and biking on the street. “Each Village has an assortment of family homes among an excellent city infrastructure of city sewers and city streets, providing no property tax or utility services. Since water, sewer, electricity are free for each American in the year 2066. This is all possible, because of the Regulator.”
The walking people in the grassy park picture turns into a shiny copper bald skull with silver-tinted sunglasses. The sunglasses are rectangular-shaped covering eyebrows, eyes, and ears. The throat and collar bone wears a copper-colored jumpsuit, without any decorations of buttons, only a silver-tinted zipper.
My sister giggles, fingering the plasma. “It’s a robot.”
“Ah, naw!” My brother spits food. “It’s a human. Right, Daddy?”
Granny watches the Regulator with no eyeballs or human facial expressions, “A Regulator is a special class of people, much similar to the old fashioned police law enforcement officer. I can remember the police officers were used to regulate Society’s laws and rules. Now, the Regulator performs that job, alone.”
“Can I be a Regulator, Mama?” My brother spits food, watching the plasma.
“Yes, dear! You can apply for the unique position, once you have graduated Hall,” my Mama nods.
Three shots echo inside the plasma as I jump. The Regulator is replaced with black and white smoke. The smoke clears revealing three dead bodies on the sidewalk of the park.
My brother fingers the plasma. “Geez, are those dead bodies, real people, Daddy?”
My Daddy watches. “Quiet, son! We all want to hear the story line.”
The narrator says. “In the year 2016 along a sidewalk of vacant boarded up former business warehouses in the city of New York, four shots from two individual hand guns were fired into people. The frightened people flee down the sidewalk into the late afternoon window shoppers on a hot Saturday summertime day. The local police law enforcement authorities…”
“They ain’t called that anymore,” my brother frowns.
My Daddy orders. “Quiet, son!”
The narrator says, “Two murder suspects were apprehended and two different types of hand guns were taken off the city street. That same year, a group of representatives of the USA people called Congress, who law-make rules for the people, voted to accept a new innovative punishment and award system for both fairness and justice for both the criminal and the victim. The system both enforced and maintained is Foci.”
The grassy park changes into a courtroom with a judge’s bench, holding a Regulator. The Regulator sits between a man and a woman in white robes. The Regulator slams the gravel as the voices cease.
The Court Gallery overflows with television cameras and people. The Defendant’s table holds the two young murderers, who have killed in cold-blood four citizens, surrounding by senior citizens, middle-aged citizens, young children, teenagers, and babies, facing the Regulator.
The Prosecution table holds twice the number of senior citizens, middle-aged adults, young adults, teenagers, children, and toddlers.
The Regulator says. “In the year 2014, Congress agreed and approved Foci, a punishment and award system for both fairness and justice for both the criminal’s family and the victim’s family. The traditional judge along with a traditional prosecuting and defensive lawyer has been substituted for…me. I am called the Regulator. I regulate the rule of fairness and justice.”
The tanned elderly Male smile and nods. “I am Congressman Buford Turner, ladies and gentlemen. I am present here beside the Regulator to explain the one simple rule of Foci. Since the year 2014, when the entire world faced the first act of Foci, not official named that, of course, our complex barbaric society had changed with a far fetched hope of peace and serenity.” He chuckles. “Violence had existed, before I was born, actually, since the beginning of time, when Eve stole that damn apple then hit Adam in the nuts. Anyways, no civilized society was immune from bloody murders of murderers and simple thievery of thieves while curtailing people murdering people. However, one man was brave enough to fight off violent with a simple tree limb protecting with love and two bare naked fists his immediate family members. That particular electronic video recording was presented and played over and over again around the world. Thus, Foci was conceived here in the great USA.”
The pale elderly lady smiles and nods. “I am Congresswoman Tiffany Evans. You, ladies and gentlemen are to be the first exhibition of Foci.”
The plasma changes into a fuzzy screen, an elder Male stands in the grassy park holding a tree branch in hand.
My brother fingers the plasma. “Who’s that?”
My Daddy reprimands. “Quiet, son! You’ll go into your bedroom during the program.”
“Yes, sir,” my brother eats, watching.
Under the shaded trees, there are two children hugging while three Teens finger the elder Male. The tall Teen yells. “Boy! Ya be in the wrong place, right now. Move along to the next spot. This be our home.”
The elder Male shakes both skull and tree branch. “I’m providing a home for my family. That’s all! Don’t want trouble, sir.”
“No problem, old man! Just leave like a buzz, buzz bee! This be our honeycomb spot for our nap,” the tall Teen laughs.
The tall Teen leaps at the elder Male punching his chest, then the Male bats the tree branch into the boy’s shoulder. The tree branch knocks the tall Teen away as the short Teen attacks.
The short Teen rotates fists charging the Male then knocks the Male down. The Male stands and back steps while shaking both his blood and the tree branch at the laughing Teen.
The elder Male swings the tree branch at the short Teen, when the children scream. The children stand then run into bushes, hiding.
The tall Teen stands beside the short Teen then they both jump at the Male. The Male swings the tree branch when the tall Teen rips the limb from the Male. He tosses it aside. Then, the Teens beat the Male. The Male falls on the grass. The short Teen stands over the Male, smiling.
The elder Male spits blood with swollen eyes. “I…want a safe place for my family. No trouble. No harm. I want fairness and justice.”
The plasma screen goes black then a gun shot sounds. A male appears. “That brave and wise man was my Grandfather Jimmy Jones. I am Jimmy Jones, the sixth. Welcome to Foci.” Jazzy music and fireworks flame over Jimmy’s shoulders.
The camera pans on the landscape with dimensions of one thousand feet long. Jimmy says. “The Eiffel Tower in the country of France is 1,000-feet tall for comparison purposes of math length. One foot speed-per-second is measured at .06818-miles-per-hour.
So, at three-miles-per hour, your feet are walk pacing at 4.3999-seconds. Then, ya can walk this 1,000-feet playing field in 233-seconds or 3-minutes, 8-seconds, if ya not be in a hurry.”
“I hate word problems,” my brother frowns.
My Mama watches. “Shush, son.”
Jimmy smiles. “But, if ya need a swift foot at eight miles-per-hour, your feet are fast running at 11.733-seconds. You can run the length of 1,000-feet in 85-seconds or 1-minute, 42-seconds. Wow! That’s fast. A car traveling at 35-miles-per-hour can cross 1,000-feet in 19.48-seconds. Makes me wish, I had one of them an old fashion four wheeled rubbers to compete in Foci, tonight.” Classical musical plays as Jimmy smiles. “Tonight, the presentation playing field is decorated in a mute pretty gray salt. The Cee-team has the choice of the playing field, without giving any advantage or disadvantage for the Vee-team. For any new viewers, which would be a total surprise for you.” He chuckles. “A Cee-team is the criminal family unit accused performing a criminal action against the victim. The Vee-team is the secret name for the victim and their associated family unit. We…as dictated by the Foci….are not allowed the usage of real proper names of either the Cee-team or the Vee-team. But, that doesn’t matter for the viewers. What matters is Foci?
“The rule is quite simple. All members of the Cee-team wear the bright color of blood red shirts while the Vee Team is in slightly muted baby blue shirts dazzling like silver coinage. The Team left standing, even with one bloody member wins Foci. In case of tie, which has happened once before in the year 2014, a tie is defined when one or more members of each team survives the vicious on slaughter after the twenty-minute time, then the Vee-team will forfeit their lives or their skulls or their biological bodies. Since, the Vee-team claims to be the victim in all this messy mess, the Regulator is not a judge or jury of crime, only the regulator of the punishment. Therefore, the Vee-team will forfeit their right to persuade the Cee-team for a second time by terminating all immediate biological lives, right here in Foci.”
He smiles. “Our sophisticated satellite spy dual cameras will split your plasma monitor in half, allowing you to enjoy both pursue and hunt of Foci.” Then, the plasma monitor splits in half.
The screen show inside a four-feet deep grayish hole, six individuals wear silver T-shirts, jeans, and sneakers. Jimmy says. “Serpents, brood of vipers! You are condemned to Foci. Let the event begin! There is no more bong, dong or boom of a musical sound tone. The clock is currently clicking down from 20-minutes, presently 19-minutes, 53-seconds. Each team can waste the precious time or waste the precious kill. There isn’t any rule of who kills whom, first.
“A Cee-mate has crossed the 1,000-feet in…,” he views the clock. “I am checking the clock. Wow! She has crossed in 233-seconds, running at 4.48 miles-per-hour. I’ll let you do the conversion math of seconds into minutes. Remember parents, the math figures can help your child further their academic class into the advancement session. If the child mathematical calculates the correct conversion points then the Teacher-robot will award an additional academic letter grade for the semester. A child is to identify the numbers of units on each team broken out by adults, teens, children, and babies. An elderly senior individual is included in the adult category, since young minds can’t distinguish between adult parent or grand-parent. So, don’t bother, ya’ll.”
“What’s he talking about, Mama? Ya can do a conversion math of seconds to minutes. I can do that inside my head,” asks my brother.
My Mama views her husband, “Apparently, there’s an educational award system set up while entertaining young children into viewing Foci.”
“Don’t know, honey!” Her husband eats, watching.
Jimmy smiles, “Dang! The Vee-mate has jumped from the tall heap of gray mound into the air and then travels at…,” he views wrist. “We are checking the clock. He travels at 5.02 miles-per-hour for 198-seconds. How many minutes is that, children? I can’t see clearly but the one of the Vee-mate’s holds a…an animal. There is a medium-sized brown and white dog inside the fox hole with the family unit. Very interesting! There isn’t any rule definition of a killing weapon. The weapon can be a live breathing with shaggy hair follicles, probably with biting fleas. The Vee-mate pats the skull of the dog. I can’t make out the particular breed, since over the decades dogs have been killed or exterminated. During the 2020 Rebellion, dogs roamed around and died either from food starvation and transmittal of body disease rabies. A family unit can re-gen a puppy at 100,000-coins.
“The 100,000-coin dog leaps like a tiger over the fox hole then runs over the salty lumpy terrain towards a mound of gray. Clock that speed.” He views clock. “The dog is a German Shepard breed known for speed and intelligent. These animals can run. A German Shepard was used by the police of the year 2014 for catching down criminals and rescuing people. Well, no individual is being rescued, here, folks. This dog is great with a family unit and safe around small children. Very intriguing! Since, the Vee-team doesn’t have any children, only adult teens. The dog is great guard dog. Well, folks! The cellie tells me so. And, so the clock has tracked the dog at 34 miles-per-hour the entire length of 1,000-feet in 20-seconds flat, folks. This is a special bonus question for the children in mathematical. What is the speed of a German Shepard?”
My brother frowns then eats. “He just told ya the answer. It’s 34 miles-per-hour. Too easy,” he laughs.
“You are correct, sir,” the Teacher-robot hovers in the archway between the dining and living room while monitoring the educational assignments related to Foci.
“Wow! Lookie, Mama!” My brother smiles at the Teacher-robot. “It’s recording the math answers for school.”
My Mama says. “I can see and hear, son. Please, stay quiet!”
Jimmy smiles on a split screen. “I’m allowed by Society to update the series of academic questions, anytime, during the broadcast. The dog barks at the three members of the Vee-team, while the members huddle together for protection. The Vee-team tosses handfuls of gray salt into the air, when the dog backs away then barks some more. I do declare. That action has made the dog, very angry. The dog steps on a right paw forward then leaps like a tiger. The dog has leaped into the air and latches on Vee-mate’s face.
“Whoa the stagecoach! I have never seen that move. The other Vee-team members swiftly back step from the viciously attack and then run towards the protective gray circular mound. I do not know what is inside the mound or around the mound, since the spy-camera is singularly focusing on the dog’s kill. The dog has torn out completely the throat muscles from the Vee-mate, who appears to be a teenager. The red blood is covering the Vee-mate’s chest and the dog’s yellow skin tone. What is the primary color when red and yellow are mixed, together? This is another new educational question for the children?”
“Orange!” I say.
“Red and yellow make the color of orange. Groovy! The dog’s skin is turning into a neon bright orange from the boy’s red blood,” says my brother.
My Mama reprimands. “Shush, boy!”
Teacher-robot hovers in the archway. “You are correct, sir.”
Jimmy narrates. “Now, the dog uprights a bloody orange face then rings red blood droplets into the air. The red blood is hitting the silver gray salt ground, producing a color. What color does red and gray produce? There’s another educational question for the inquiring minds of the young. My, my, my! Tonight, Foci is presenting lots of new challenges in math problems.”
“Pink!” I say.
“You are correct, miss,” the Teacher-robot says.
“Pink. The color of mixing red and light gray is pink,” my brother laughs.
“You are correct, sir,” the Teacher-robot says.
Jimmy narrates. “The dog can’t release the skull from the body, so it lowers the skull. It growls and then fangs the right hand of the dead boy...or body. I do not understand that doggie display, but I guess the dog is ensuring the boy is absolutely dead. Yes. The dog has come to that conclusion, as well.” He slurps water.
Jimmy says. “Let us look at the Vee-team. They are peek-a-booing a face over the fox hole while enjoying the Fright Show then stands. I do declare. The Vee-team will finish the kill. They’re slowly padding at about two miles-per-hour, slower then a walk. We can call that, a victory strut, ya’ll. How long will it take the Vee-team to travel 1,000-feet at two-miles-per-hour?”
“342 seconds or 5-minutes, 7-seconds.” I answer.
“You are correct, miss,” the Teacher-robot says.
My brother taps the cellie, “342 seconds or 5-minutes, 7-seconds.” He smiles at me.
“You are correct, sir,” the Teacher-robot says when my Daddy taps on his son’s collar bone for the correct math.
My Mama hugs me, warming my body as I stare with mixed emotions of fear, fright, sadness, confusion, and intrigue at Foci for the first time.
The camera pans on the landscape for a second time then Jimmy smiles. “What is the definition of Foci? The Vee-team is almost at the salt bed. The Vee-mate carries a construction hammer in a right hand. We inject this educational question every Foci. But, it’s worth bonus educational points in your math session, children.”
My brother reads the cellie, “In geometry, foci is a singular focus of a pair of special points used in defining a conic section. The four types of conic sections are the circle, ellipse, parabola, and hyperbola.”
“You are correct, sir.” Teacher-robot says.
“The Vee-team is armed with hatchets, hammers, and other garden variety lawn tools. No guns. Guns are allowed but highly rare, since companies have stopped manufacturing the deadly weapon. Because, we have Foci for ending home and street violence. The Vee-team has reached the mound while their dog is attacking the little criminals. I do declare. Those are small children around the ages of five or…” then the plasma goes static.
My Mama presses the button then the plasma goes black. Well, the evening has ended.”
“Mama!?” My brother stands, pointing at the plasma. “I was getting some good bonus points in math for school.”
My Mama views my sister. “Homework? Has all homework assignments been done?”
“Yes, ma’am,” my brother sit, eating.
My Mama views my brother. “Very good! Has all body parts been washed with soap?”
“No, ma’am,” my brother eats.
My Mama shakes curls. “Very bad! Time for bath, son. And, you can stay up later than ten o’clock reading or drawing or playing on your cellie until sleepy. Okay?”
“Okay! Thanks, Mama.” He smiles, running towards the staircase.

Hall. Tuesday. 8:02 am. Ucal swings at his best friend Sigo, missing for both fun and entertainment. “Pow! The fist landed in the dude’s jaw line. And, then the wuss went down hard into the dirt. Then, that girl with the construction hammer…”
“Shh!” Sigo views the students. “It’s against Society talking openly about Foci, Ucal.” He views Ucal. “You know that. Ya looking to get us into trouble with the Regulators.”
Ucal chuckles. “And, the word ‘Regulator’ is against Society. Stay cool, bro! You be my best pal! We just be sharing some slimy secrets.”
“Hey, Ucal!” Voshee winks at him, moving to a table.
“Voshee, you are looking very beautiful, this morning,” winks Ucal, a tall male with black hair, cat whiskers, and muscles.
A middle-aged Male with twin bald spots over each eyebrow says. “I’m your new Instructor, Mr. Tooter. Please, sit at any table.”
“Ah, naw! Tell me that ain’t so, Mr. Tooter, the Tutor,” chuckles Sigo, a tall male with blonde hair and muscles.
Mr. Tooter is used to the childish sarcasm from the newest crop of seventeen-year olds. He smiles, standing at the wall of colorful prism hues from green to purple. “A sport is defined as all forms of competitive physical activity of either a casual or an organized participation. A sport provides the opportunity to nurture both physical skills and social interaction skills. And, finally, a sport is based on physical dexterity of competition, without subjective or objective measures. The measurement in today’s class will be with crayons, an artistic impression.
“Teens, you’re viewing behind my skull a wall of wattle and daub. The wooden strips are called wattle. The wattle is daubed with a wet sticky material of clay and sand. And, the wet sticky material is colored for fun. Fun for the silly teens, today! This is part of your celebration of turning seventeen-years old and a permanently memorial of your lonely existence on Planet Earth. Plus, your History session for the week, wattle and daub has been used for at least 6,000-years in building construction.
“On the each wall, there are dark maple wooden frames making up a perfect square or a tall triangle or a long rectangular geometric shape. Within each wooden frame, I will repeat for all wax clogged eardrums. Within each wooden frame, the concrete is moist and colored for witty fun like a child’s crayon.
“You will wear the protective re-designer jumpsuit with the hoodie cap over all your re-designer clothing, including your re-designer shoes and your hair-sprayed ponytails. And, don’t bitch to me, if ya get crayon on your outfit, since the crayon mixture is chemically attracted to the horse-haired jumpsuit. The crayon colors should not adhere to you or your hair, unless you place it there for annoyingly fun. And, there it should remain until you receive from me the anti-color serum for being an amusingly annoyant. Now, go ahead! Be creative! Since today, everyone will receive the letter grade, A in your Physical Sport session.” Teens stand, selecting a wattle and daub geometric figure.
I march to the tub, grabbing the top jumpsuit then body spin, smiling into a tall handsome muscular wall. Ucal holds my arms, smiling. “Darling, ya stole my property.” He views me up and down. “So’s, I guess that means, ya be my property, too.” He chuckles.
I smirk. “I ain’t stole your property, babe. And, I ain’t your property, either, boy.” I view him up and down. “But, I might trade ya some property for your brightly polished boots of aqua and tan. Are them girly boots, Ucal?”
He chuckles. “Naw, gorgeous! But, I do match your girly aqua pretty car. That be an old Cad with four ancient rubber tires.”
I smile, nodding. “Yeah! Daddy wanted his first born to arrive home safe and sound in monster ugly style.”
He leans into me. “The rear back bench is about 65-inches long. Ya should fit perfectly in a vertical pose.”
I part lips. “Smart-hole! I’m five-feet and nine-inches. That’s 69-inches, four-inches less. That makes me, too short for the rear back bench seating.”
“Then, we fold our long legs around each other…,” chuckles Ucal, blocking my girl pal Alcoona.
Alcoona stands in front of the jumpsuit tub, smiling. “Hello there! I’m Alcoona.”
“Know that!” Ucal reaches around short Alcoona, grabbing a jumpsuit then swings away from her.
Alcoona pops bubble gum, humming. She is my pal from our on-line educational sessions, since five-years old. Alcoona lives in northern Beehamie while I reside in southern, but her Grandfather’s farm is three miles from me.
I cuddle the jumpsuit, giggling at Ucal’s innocent flirt. This is my second day of Hall, the training session for a re-generator job at eighteen years old. The Hall is a meeting place for recreational fun such-like weddings, preachings, teachings, and general entertainment events.
Alcoona chews gum. “How’da ya know cutie teen-hunk Ucal?”
I dress. “His Grandmother and my Grandmother lived next door to each other for eons, before both their life forms terminated. Her house was sold to strangers. And, I was not invited over to see his Grandmother.”
Alcoona doesn’t dress, popping gum. “Ya played house with Ucal?”
I pull the jumpsuit up, “Naw. We played on horses back behind the barn in the cow pasture racing to the pond, fishing for crappie. I’m a country princess, Alcoona. Ucal’s family lives somewhere inside Beehamie near the downtown area.” Then, I cover my hair with the hoodie.
Alcoona spies on Ucal. All students sit two to four around a curvy table facing Mr. Tooter. The Hall doesn’t have any outside windows, since decades ago researchers have learned that teens learn better, without any distraction of tall trees, blue skies, and wildlife birds. But, I don’t think the researchers took into consideration the wildlife, teen females.
I select an upside down triangle, not for any particular reason. But, I do like the color orange while Alcoona trails behind studying Ucal and Sigo. Ucal and Sigo are both friends and neighbor-boys, who study their selected honey-golden square.
Alcoona flashes fake re-designer eyelashes, staring at orange. “Why’da pick this waddle?”
I see Oressa and Payney working on a white one. “Wattle…,” I chuckle.
Alcoona smiles at Ucal and Sigo. “Whatever! It…,” she views the wattle, “…is taller than me.”
I smile at the orange. “Step ladder, girl pal! What shall we create?”
She sneers. “I don’t care. We get an automatic grade letter, A. Do something easy!”
Mr. Tooter walks around the room. “Puke green. Candy pink. Ocean golden sand. Orange. Yellow. Baby blue. Lavender. Coral pink. Lemon yellow. No black. No white. No gray. And, this is for fun. You will utilize a paint foil, not a brush. It is similar to a cookie cutter. The cookies are located on the Food Table in the rear of the room. There is no need for a drop cloth to capture wet colored paint or masking tape to cover your neighbor’s wall.
Oressa says. “Can I chew my gum?”
Mr. Tooter smirks. “Yes, Oressa! You can chew your gum. You can drink a sweet tea. You can smoke a joint. You can drink alcohol, not inside with me as the Instructor. Because, any individual can do anything as long as you don’t end up in Foci.”
Alcoona sways on re-designer heels. “Is he going to sputter like my grandfather’s old gasoline car the entire time?”
I walk to the cookie cutter tray. “Yeah!”
Alcoona walks with me but stares at Ucal and Sigo. “Is Sigo going to spy on me during Hall?”
I select cookie cutters. “Naw!”
She smiles, nodding. “Yeah, he’s look right at me.”
I see the rear end of Ucal and Sigo’s jeans. “Naw.”
Mr. Tooter fingers the cookie cutter tray. “Flowers, dinosaurs, dogs, kittens, animals, fruits, vegetables, gingerbread, Christmas tree, birds, bugs, spiders, snakes, guitar, piano, musical instruments, fighter jets to airplanes, boats, and cars from a fast sports car to the old fashioned model-T Ford to the new hover car. That I don’t own, but wish I could. There is a western cowboy theme with horses, cows, buffalo, saddles, cacti. We have wedding theme with bride…”
“Awww…,” sings females.
“Nuuu..,” chants males.
Mr. Tooter smiles. “And, a groom along with the church steeple and wedding cake.”
Fifteen minutes later. Mr. Tooter stands at Ucal and Sigo’s wattle and daub. “Ah! A summertime theme. I see four conch seashells around the wattle square-shaped, four bikini tops, without the bottoms. And, there are six pairs of flip flops. I see four bikini tops paired with a pair of flip flops. That represents four…”
“Bathing beauties!” Sigo chuckles, elbowing a grinning Ucal.
Mr. Tooter frowns at Sigo, “Four girls. Is that a symbol of fruit, a cherry with three leaves?”
Ucal chuckles, smiling. “Four cherries, sir.”
“I like cherries.” Mr. Tooter says, viewing the wattle and daub.
“We like to pop cherries, sir.” Ucal chuckles, elbowing a grinning Sigo.
Mr. Tooter views the flip flops. “Gentlemen, where are the two guys?”
Sigo smiles. “Here.”
Ucal smiles. “Here.”
Mr. Tooter adds a starfish to the wet mixture. “You pass, barely, boys.”
Sigo chuckles. “Thanks, Mr. Tooter, the Tutor.”
Mr. Tooter two-steps to Oressa and Payney’s wattle and duab. “A white wedding gown, a red heart, a yellow-tinted church with tall steeple, a silver wedding ring, a white angel, a black bowtie, the groom, and a lavender three-tier wedding cake.” He smiles at Oressa. “Lovely. You receive a star, too.” He stamps the starfish beside the cake.
Mr. Tooter views my wattle and duab. Since, Alcoona only viewed Ucal and Sigo’s blue jeans. “A snake…”
I smile. “The symbol is a King Cobra snake.”
Mr. Tooter frowns. “The brown and tan snake looks dead to me.”
I shake curls, “Ah, naw. The snake’s in its last stage of dying from a vicious insect attack.”
Mr. Tooter says. “You have black and yellow bumblebees, black widow spiders, red crawling ants, and blue and green cute butterflies. Butterflies do not ever attack a snake.” He frowns at me. “This room is for the little tikes during preaching. We don’t wanna scare them to death, Miss Smith. You pass with a letter grade, B.” I clap, chuckling when Alcoona frowns at me.

History session. He sits at the desk with arms on table surface. “Good morning, teens! I am Jimmy Jones, the sixth. I’m very pleased to be present, today. I am here to talk with you about your short life as a seventeen-year old individual. Everyone inside Hall turned seventeen about a month or so, ago. Therefore, this is one reason for my visitation. You live in a town with your biological parents and extended family members. Your parents provide for you throughout the next coming years until you decide to learn a trade in Hall, then you will take a job, being a productive individual for the resting days of our elderly life. Since, the life expectation is around 104-years of age.
“Our long life comes from a historical fact that our great Nation has no crime and no corruption, anymore. There are no boarded up house structures with diseased rats and smelly homeless bums. Marijuana is legal. Alcohol is legal. Cigarettes are legal. And, we like being in touch, connected socially like a litter of furry kittens. That’s the definition of Society. However, Society has rules for all the social beings living within Society. Some of the legal rules are that stolen information, stolen money, stolen property, and a stolen life are against Society, making the person a criminal of the law.”
He says. “In the year 2024, a human body was cut, scraped, sculptured, remodeled and even lengthened, however crime and violence was increasing at a fearful rate. Because, billions of people didn’t possess any respect for law or man. The Nation lived in fear from lack of authority. This was our nation.
“In the past, the legal jurisdiction over lawsuits was a long and lengthy process for lawyers, by lawyers and from lawyers. Law and lawyers regulated the litigation in every single corner City Hall making the Nation both corrupt and wicked. Theft wasn’t really punished. Cheating on academic tests in both High School and College wasn’t really punished. And, murderers were not punished for the criminal but paid dearly by the victims.
“The birth of the Regulator in the year 2015 was created by citizens, who had collected and gathered all the crooked and corrupt politicians. The Regulator trialed and then found them guilty of confiscating and stealing land property and possessions of the citizens. Each politician and their family members negotiated with the Regulator. The Regulator ruled that a citizen could not be denied right to their personal property, such as land, car, house, pets, and coinage. And, when a citizen is guilty of theft, then the citizen is sentenced to Foci. Inside Foci, if the guilty citizen wins the fight, the guilty citizen is free of the crime of theft.
He drinks water. “Let me illustrate with a simple example. The Cee-team is a local re-merchant, a tire car company. Mrs. Jones is the victim. Her car pops a tire then rolls into a ditch, damaging the car. Therefore, the victim seeks a fair and justice decision filing a claim with the Regulator. The Regular accepts the claim, always. Then, the family unit of the Cee-team receives a visit from the Regulator for an invite into Foci. The Vee-team fights the Cee-team then the winner receives all assets including property land, homestead, re-designer furniture, vehicles, cellies, appliances, clothing, and coinage.”
He smiles. “Society learns and breathes the practice of honesty. Once Foci was established then it absolutely cleaned up our Society from dishonest to honest. This is the purpose of Foci. This is the reason for Foci. This is Foci.” He pauses. “Any questions, young seventeen year olds.” He stands. “Life is hard but death is the hardest thing of all to comprehend. Good day, ya’ll.” He exits Hall when Mr. Tooter smiles.
He says. “Hall dismissed.”

Hall parking lot. 2:01pm. I smile, dropping the leather convertible top, when Oressa jumps into the back seat of my ancient car. She reads her cellette. “There’s 64-inches of front shoulder room and 63-inches rear shoulder room.”
Payney slides into the back seat, frowning. “What that mean?”
Alcoona stands at the passenger door. “Igala can drive all of us home from Hall, now.”
Oressa smiles at Alcoona. “Really!? All of us!?” she views me. “Really!? Igala can drive all of us home.”
“Yeah! All of us to our homes.” Alcoona smiles, sliding into the car.
I finger the car. “A v-shaped grill with an egg crate style protected by massive vertical guards framing a rectangular license plate indentation. The license plate reads Igala.” I giggle scooting into the driver’s seat. I start the engine then lift the roof top. I finger. “It has windshield wipers.” I press then the windshield wipers swish side to side. “Today, a bubble-top on the new hover cars doesn’t use windshield wipers but allows air to hush the rain away. And, the tires are black colored with a white circle in the center.”
Oressa says. “Cute.”
“Classy.” Payney says.
“Sassy.” Alcoona smiles.
“All me,” I smirk. “The headlights are square, too.”
Alcoona frowns. “Do the headlights really work for nighttime driving?”
I shake curls. “Naw. I’m not allowed any nighttime driving. And, naw! The tiny bulb inside the little plastic squares was discounted in the year 2014.”
Oressa says. “The windows are big and long.”
I smile. “The windows are called coach style, like a royal princess in the old foreign country of Great Britain of twenty-century. The princess rode from the castle to see her prince at the palace in a wheeled coach. I learned that from my cellette, last night.”
“Look up, Igala.” Oressa fingers the hood.
Payney says. “Look up, for what?”
Oressa says. “Ya got an old fashioned hood ornament, an animal of something type.”
Alcoona views the ornament. “Naw. A medal of something type. Did this old car fight in battle during the 2020 Rebellion here in Beehamie.”
“Naw.” I smile, carefully driving down the highway while faster cars pass me. “The vinyl top is made from the animal called cow plus the seat leather.”
“Ooo! La! La!” Oressa smiles.
Alcoona pushes on the radio, hearing rock and roll music. I press it off, saying. “No music! Mama says that the driver needs to concentrate, not singing with the music.”
Alcoona sneers. “Your Mama is a wussie.” Then, she presses another button. “Watch this!” Water covers the window shield.
“Aw, cute!” Payney giggles.
“Do it, again?” Oressa asks.
I frown, searching on the console. “Where’s the button for the wind shield wipers?” I hit the button as the wipers clean the water from the window. Then, the soft thump, then a bump, when it hits my face. But, I don’t slam the steering column due to the old fashion safety belt and air bag. I stop the car then see a hover car drop to the pavement.
Ucal stops the hover car behind me then jogs to my window. He raps on the glass, staring at the other driver. I crank the manual window down with a rolling feature. He views me. “Dang, girl! What happened?”
“I…,” stare at the hover car.
Ucal struts to the bumper, looks then back steps, smiling. “The Cadillac feature has a front grille and bumper assembly placed high in the front-end design like bumper guards. Get it! Guardians of the bumps.” He chuckles.
“I…,” stare at the hover car.
“What’s this?” Alcoona touches the yellow cloth over my body.
Ucal views the object.  “An airbag cloth to protect your ugly face, Alcoona. Get out and fan the on-coming traffic around us!”
Alcoona views her shoes. “No. I’ll get my re-designer skirt dirty.”
Ucal sneers. “Do it, Alcoona!”
“I should do that.” I stare at the hover car.
Ucal touches my arm. “Naw. Stay in the car, gorgeous. I’ll take care of this.” He moves towards the other Driver’s window. Ucal pulls off his cellie, tapping buttons. “We can settle the car accident matter, right here. Right, now.” He views Driver. “Okay?” The Driver nods when Ucal hands his cellie inside the window, “Just type in your coinage number, this app will upload five thousand coins.” The Driver punches the number then hands the cellie back to Ucal. Ucal views the coinage then presses the button, completing the money transaction. “Excellent, sir! We be done! Right, sir!?” The Driver nods to Ucal then cranks the engine, leaving.
Ucal back steps, smiling, giving an old fashioned thumb’s up signal, “You’re cool, gorgeous! This incident didn’t ever occur, darling!” I smile then wink at Ucal, being my protector for the day.
Alcoona stomps from the non-busy roadway and around the front bumper. She notes the obvious irregular indentation chrome crash, four-inches deep, five-inches high, and three-inches long.
Alcoona slides inside, viewing me. “Ya can’t hide that hole, honey. How ya going to explain that thing to your Daddy?”
“The gray stone slab at Hall, Daddy.” Ucal smiles me when the girls giggle.
“We all know that you hit that car.” Alcoona stares at Ucal.
“And, we all know that I paid for the car’s damage by cellie. This be done, Alcoona.” Ucal frowns at Alcoona then slaps a palm on the leather. “Good home, Igala! See ya’ll at Hall, tomorrow.” He back steps then swings towards his 50,000 coin hover car.
I smile. “Bye.”
Oressa smile, waving. “See ya, Ucal.”
“Call me, Ucal.” Payney smiles, waving. “Ucal, sit with me, tomorrow, please.”
I bang on steering column then start the engine. Alcoona yells. “Go on!”
I jump with fear and anxiousness then exhales. Then, I inhales then bang two palms on the steering column for a second time. I watch any incoming cars then slowly press the gasoline pedal. The car slowly moves onto the pavement.
Oressa giggles. “No. You should’ve crushed the entire bumper, Igala.”
Payney giggles. “No. You should’ve concaved the entire rear bench seating.”
Alcoona giggles. “No. You should’ve jerked the car to the left then rammed the driver’s door.”
Oressa giggles. “Yeah. You should’ve rammed it a second time, killing him.”
Alcoona smirks. “Yeah. Then, he can’t report ya, Igala.”
I drive, frowning. “Report me for what, Alcoona?”
“For anything and everything, Igala,” Alcoona giggles as I concentrate on driving each one of her classmates back home, safely.

My home. 2:45 pm. The door rings when my brother opens it while I do the calculus equation at the Dining room table.
The calculus equation reads. Find the area of the surface that is the graph of the equation f(x, y)=x2  lying above the rectangle  Q={(x, y)-1<=x<=1,-1<=y<=1}  Round your answer to the  nearest hundredth.
“Mama…Mama…come to the door,” My brother back steps as I stand, staring.
A Regulator in copper-glory marches through the door into the Living room as my family form a semi-circle away from him in front of the 20-foot plasma television screen.
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “You are invited to Foci. The limousine will arrive in 59-minutes. Each member is allowed many luggage units hanging from the body for vital family protection. Each member doesn’t need additional clothing or daily necessaries, since such-like will be provided at the Cee-building. The Cee-team named Family Smith will honor the invitation or face the Regulator. Thank you. Have a nice day!” It, since it’s hard to tell, if a female or male human behind the copper face paint, back steps then pivots towards the limo in our driveway.
The limo drives away, since no one closes the door.
“The shape of a cylinder…,” parting my lips in shock.
My brother views me. “What!?” He giggles. “His skull is shaped like an egg, not a cylinder, silly girl.”
My Mama yells, “Quiet.”
I stare at the street in shock. “I meant the answer to my calculus problem. The surface has the shape of a cylinder. So, I can use a method of integration by trigonometric substitution, evaluating the surface area integral.”
Mama spins at her husband. “We are invited to Foci.”
Daddy stares at his wife. “We are invited to Foci. Why are we invited to Foci?”
I say, meekly, staring at the street. “I…I had a little car accident with the Old Girl.”
My Mama sneers at me. “Silence your silliness! Specific to us, the car accident providing every single detail, Igala.”
“Today….,” stare at the street.
My Mama frowns. “My goodness! You were involved in a car accident, today.”
“How does that work, Mama?” My sister pulls at her arm.
“Technology! With a touch of a finger, I can move mountain peaks, track ants, and see the bottom of the ocean fishes.” My brother pings his cellie.
I stare at my Mama. “Ucal compensated to the Driver, a young teen like me. He was driving for the first time, too.” I’m terribly afraid of the consequences for Ucal and me.
Daddy stares at me. “Ucal!? Ucal and his family are involved, too.”
Granny frowns. “Ucal did this. He tattles on our family to the Regulator.”
I stare at Granny. “Naw. Ucal helped me.” I look at my Mama. “I want everyone to empty your briefcases, backpacks, and cloth bags for shopping. Bring them all to me, immediately. And, right now, both my sister and brother need to take a bath.”
My brother stomps side to side. “A bath, Mama?”
I say. “Shower your body for tonight’s activity. And then, ya find a clean pair of jeans and a…a T-shirt, any color. And, I wanna ya to polish your boots. Spit and shine like in Granny’s days. Hustle! We have less than an hour before…”
My brother stares at her. “Mama!?”
“Please, take a bath and put on good clean jeans like your big sister suggests.” They race upstairs while I face my parents.
I say. “I accidentally hit another car in the rear end with the guard bumper of my vehicle. I’m at fault. I’ve sentenced my family to Foci. I’m so sorry. Mama? Daddy? Granny?”
“When did this happen, Igala?” My Daddy frowns.
“Coming home from Hall, after two o’clock. The front bumper of my car is dented. The other car is…,” I exhale. “I don’t really know the metal condition of the hover car.”
“Who’s the other family, Igala?” My Mama asks.
Granny sours, “Two, this afternoon? Now, we’re to join the Foci for the evening event.”
I say. “I don’t know the other family unit. I didn’t meet them. Ucal…”
My Daddy frowns. “Ucal is involved in your car accident, too.”
“Naw. Ucal…,” I wave a hand. “Ucal, he paid the repair cost with his own coins. He was traveling behind me, when the accident occurred. He wouldn’t let me leave my car. He told me to stay instead my Cadillac. He executed the coinage transaction while I watched from the driver’s wheel. I didn’t hear the conversation.”
Granny stares at her son. “ All is not well.”
My Mama frowns at me. “Why would Ucal know to do that, Igala?”
My Daddy nods. “Ucal knows. Everything’s okay.”

Cee-building. 4:01pm. The limousine slows then hovers locking landing skis. The vehicle is one of the most expensive and best riding transports that I will ever traveled, being my last day on Planet Earth.
A Regulator stands between double gold doors at the white marble building as I stand between my Granny and my brother from the limo.
My brother pings the cellie, “The doors are hand carved wood with a hunting knife. The symbols of life come from every known civilization in the world, since the Babylonians. For us, one of the symbols is a hand with an index finger and the middle finger forming that letter, v for victory. This is our good luck charm, Igala.” He smiles at me then frowns. “What’s inside your backpack?” He sees three more bags. “Why’s Daddy and Mama carrying bags? The Regulator said no luggage of clothes.”
“That’s right, bro! Good luck to us!” I nod, staring at the building, patting my brother’s collar bone then whisper into his ear. “The Regulator said no clothes, but it didn’t say no undergarments.” My brother laughs.
The building has a giant letter, C for Criminal-family or the Criminal-person, me. I was so careless causing the car accident. Now, I’ve placed my family literally at death doors.
I wish for the beginning of the week or the beginning of church Sunday, shading my eyelashes from the drowning sunset. Granny shoves me towards the doors as I trip over the sidewalk. The limo drives away.
There are three buildings. The Cee-building almost touches the skyline next to a short wooden building besides a shorter squat pink building. The pink building has silver doors. The wooden building possesses dark wooden doors.
Granny leans into me. “Marble. That’s pink marble with a pink rose color tint. Pretty, ain’t it?”
“Yes, ma’am!” I cut eyelashes to the letter, V on the pink structure.
The doors automatically open for my Daddy and my brother. They enter with my Mama and my sister following behind, then I pad beside Granny bumping her shoulder with nervousness.
I toss the backpack with assorted garden tools on my shoulder away from Granny. “It’s cold in here.”
“The cold don’t need warmth.” Granny says as I see a long empty corridor, squinting eyelashes ahead to more smooth white marble.
I ask. “What does that mean, Granny?”
Granny points. “The walls are solid marble, pretty white like a birthday cake with tiny sprinkles of gold paint. Ya see that there?”
“Yeah, Granny. The smooth hard flooring on both sides of the hallway and the twenty-feet ceiling are all made of the white colored marble. The marble feels cold under my boots. But, I admit the fire torches. They are beautiful flames against the white marble. I can see a rainbow of colors from pink, purple, orange, yellow, blue, red, orange, silver, and gold. It…,” I swallow. “I mean. It looks so serene and peaceful. Is that the purpose, Granny?”
Granny nods. “I guess it could be interrupted that way. It’s both beauty and bland.” She points at the wall. “Behind the walls, below the flooring, and even above our heads are the dead bodies.” I gasp, viewing the white wall of coldness and red urn of heat.
Granny says. “This is designated the Criminal-building. Ya saw the pink marble building. That’s the Victim-building. It’s smaller, now, but steadily growing. They plop a busted body one on top of the other, an entire family unit resides within these walls.
“Over the decades, the Criminal or Cee-team, the nickname stuck like glue, pretty much died almost 99.99% of the time. In the past, the criminals were really and truly thugs, rapists, thieves, and murderers. They came from broken family homes within Society with nothing better to do but fight, and then steal or kill. Since, the introduction of Foci, the Cee-team was totally destroyed, including the immediate kin folks. The Vee-team took possess immediately of criminal’s asset properties such as land, house, money, and furniture, if any. Therefore, the Cee-team didn’t have nothing left, but a broken bloody body or bodies.
“The Congressmen and women didn’t want a vile Criminal buried inside a city gravesite, so’s they can up with the ideal of a...”
“Monument.”
Granny says. “Naw, child! This is a Marker for folks to remember. When ya break the law, then ya become a criminal, and then ya fight, and finally ya die. You’re placed here, resting away from the warmth of the ground in a cold flat box of stone, not being able to touch the sky, either like your Soul is stuck in limbo.
“Once, the violent criminal element was eliminated, then the Congressmen and women dissolved the fair Judicial System of human judges, human jury, and human lawyers. The Congress created the Regulator. If you are mistreated, then ya file a compliant with the Regulator. If you are mistaken, then ya are invited to Foci.”
“That’s unfair! Not right!” I frown.
“Correct, girl!” Granny nods.
I nod. “So’s, ya believe that Ucal has somehow saved us from Foci, too.”
“I don’t rightly know, child. I don’t know his family. His Grandmother lived next door to Mae Smith. But, I didn’t know her either, just your Daddy.”
“So maybe, this is just a formality of Foci entertaining a compliant with the Regulator.”
“Might be. I don’t know the rules of the Regulator. I have faith in your Daddy, Igala.”
“I don’t!” I study the marble with the new knowledge of preserved human bone and dried blood lingers between me and that wall.
The Regulator paces ahead, without talking with words or pointing with fingers, when I see a second set of double gold doors at the end of the straight corridor. There are two giant urns of fire shining against the gold. The building admits no sunlight, thus the heat of each flaming urn provides the only source of light, too.
The Regulator stops then pivots as the fire light illuminates the copper color into a yellowish-gold, making the Regulator, a glowing angel for a few seconds. Then, the Regulator two-steps right, hiding between the fire pits, without talking or pointing.
My Daddy steps between the fire pits activating the doors. He and my brother disappear into the mystery room.
I bump into Granny’s shoulder, being the same height, viewing white marble on the ceiling and the flooring, a square-shaped archway on my right then on my left. I stand at the marble island in the middle of the hallway.  I see more square-shaped archways on both my right and left, when my sister dances to the first square on my left.
Mama stands at the island, viewing her husband. “What do we do, now?”
Daddy smiles, nodding. “We wait on Ucal. He’ll show up, right here and then lead us back to our home. All’s is well.” He smiles at me. “I like that boy, Igala. He’s smart. Be a good protector, if’an ya want a family, some day.” I ping my cellette, finding the rules of Foci.
My sister giggles, thumbing the archway. “That’s a bedroom in there colored in yellow. I don’t like the color yellow. I like…,” she points at a new room, “…this one. It’s colored in orange with orange and red flowers. There’s a honey-colored big bed for three or four of me.” She exits then enters a new room. “This one’s the color of purple. The bed’s on the floor, without any tall bed posts. Don’t like that, either.”
My brother stands in the archway down the hallway, pointing. “This bedroom has a bed and a tree of sticks inside a glass vase. Don’t wanna break nothing.” He back steps then two-steps left into a new room. “The color’s white. Don’t like white. I want something in blue or black.”
My sister points at a new room. “There are four twin-shaped bed mattresses in pretty girly pink with yellow and green flowers inside this room.” My Mama carries the three bags of sharp garden tools walking down the hallway, observing the colored rooms then reaches the end of the hallway. She enters a room.
My sister smiles, jumping up and down on cowgirl boots. “Wow! There’s a princess coach bed in here. The bed’s is inside a wooden coach painted in gold with four silver wheels and a real climbing ladder. I’m staying right here. My room!” She disappears.
My Daddy squats under the island table then places cold water bottles on the marble. The marble shows dozens of perfectly formed round rings from previously spilled beverages or sweaty bottles of water, staining the porous surface of yesterday years of dead folks.
I touch the water bottle then view the wall. These walls hold dead bodies. I remove my hand, shivering in creepy weirdness and coldness. Mama hits the island with both palms, staring at the bottles.
Daddy fingers the flooring. “There’s a built-in refrigerator under the table surface, bottles of beverages, water, and snacks.” Mama nods.
My brother dashes to the island, grabbing a bottle of water then pivots. “There’s a race car bed in orangey-red wood inside this room with four wooden wheels and a plastic round steering wheel. My room!” He clomps boots and zooms noises as classical music echoes inside the room.
My Mama smiles. “The marble has a beautiful shimmery unique appearance like no other surface that I have seem before with the whirling patterns of crème, white, tan shading coupled with the tiny sprinkles of gold.” She views first archway. “Each bed room suite is colored in a different shade. There’s light green, pink, orange, yellow, red, black, white, navy-blue, chocolate brown, dark purple. Ya got a pick up a French king’s bed frame, a four post bed frame, a canopy bed frame, platform bed frame, a sleigh bed or other different bed frames. The woods come in white birch, black walnut, orange beech, dark red cheery wood, yellow chestnut, light brown elm, tan hickory, Brazil kingwood rich violet black streaky markings, honey colored pine or orange-reddish teak wood. Each bed room suite is 15-feet long by 15-feet wide with 15-feet ceiling. The bed mattress is king-sized, sleeping four adults, easily. I would say that the suite can hold 40-folks in crowded comfort. There are separate bathroom facilities at the end of the marble hallway. Little girls on your left and little boys on your right with a horizontal mirror, three standing shower booths, six toilet stalls with doors, and two…”
The doors part in silent as my Mama stares at the floating dresses. I view the haunting vision. Each dress hangs on a hovering closet rack, being controlled by a Regulator behind the clothing items.
The four racks stop then hover then land on metal feet. The Regulators back step from the doors then the doors close.
My Mama approaches the rack on the extreme right, first as my sister giggles, skipping towards the clothes. She smiles. “Pretty dresses! Do I get to dress in a pretty party dress? The Regulator says not to bring a suitcase of stuff. Can I wear one, Mama, please? I like the yellow one.” She pulls an ankle-length dress matching her height and weight proportions, holding to her T-shirt and jeans.
“What do we do, next?” My Daddy views his wife, drinking the water.
I read my cellette. “This is the Cee-building that holds the Cee-chamber rooms.” I view my Mama then read the cellette. “The Society Ball is next in the Foci process. The ball is a dinner and dance.”
“That accounts for no food or eating chairs in our cold hearted slumbering suite,” nods my Mama.
I read my cellette. “We’re to select a ball gown. The clothing racks are based on the latest body measurements punched into the Society Database, last month as required by Society. Now, we know why we got free medical examinations and shots?” I shake curls.
My Mama stares at me. “What kinda of dance, Igala?”
I read. “It just says a formal dance with formal long gowns like a royal ball. One set of racks holds the female attire wardrobe, including matching shoes and gloves. The other rack is a set of male’s jackets. O! Get this! The males get to wear blue jeans and cowboy boots to the ball dinner and dance thing. They only select a jacket fitting over their shoulders.” I view her. “Man! I wanna wear my jeans. I’m nervous…”
My Mama frowns at me. “What else is presented on the Society Ball, Igala?”
I read my cellette. “Let’s see! Everyone has to wear gloves. A southern gentleman doesn’t touch a southern belle with sweaty hands.” I giggle, staring at him. “Did ya know that, Daddy?” He smiles at me then I read the cellette. “Males wear a set of colored cotton hand gloves hidden inside a left inner pocket of the dinner jacket. Hmm! This is really weird. It says we’re to decorate our faces. The face is not to appear at the Society Ball in the natural naked state for ease of public identification. Each dancer must wear the required Raccoon eye mask…,” viewing my Mama.
Mama drops a jaw. “Raccoon eyes!? There’s a taped hand-drawn picture on the reflection mirror of a white face with midnight black eye socket surrounded by brown paint. That’s a visual symbol for painting a raccoon-eye mask.”
I read the cellette. “Okay! Each dancer will yield for a visual inspection by the Regulator, before entering the Society Ball. The Society Ball starts precisely at six o’clock for one hour and then…,” I exhale. “Well! we…,” viewing my Mama. She thinks the same thing.
My sister views her Mama. “Then what, Mama?”
I slam a palm on the island. “Well, then! We need to get dressed for our dance. I’m getting hungry.” I smile at my sister.
I swing to the rack of clothes about my height, studying the colors ranging from dark purple to baby pink. I reach the first dress, pink with ruffles.
I enter my selected room of black, laying the dress on the bed when I notice a neatly folded blood red T-shirt. I ping the cellette, reading. “The Cee-team wears blood red to cover any bleeding injuries. The Vee-team dresses in silvery baby blue.” I exhale, remembering the teams on Foci, last night. And, I remembered the Vee-team brought a vicious dog that killed their enemy, completed.
I sit on the bed. “Don’t cry! Don’t panic! Because, Ucal ain’t going to help. He ain’t involved. I am involved. This is my problem.” I ping the cellette for the Foci rules.
My Mama opens my door with a fake smile. “Your ball gown is pretty, like you, Igala.”
“Thanks.”
She frowns. “I know that I don’t allow you to wear re-designer makeup. So’s, you should paint your face, first before getting dressed, sweetheart.”
“Yes, ma’am!” I slide off the bed, when my Mama back steps from the archway. The door automatically closes as I slam the metal open then walk down the hallway. I ping the cellette looking for a solution.
I enter the bathroom where my sister dances along the sink counter. She lifts every item. “I wanna a green stone and a red stone and a blue stone and a yellow stone in my hair, Mama.”
My Mama fiddles with the hair. “Already, baby girl! Stand still! I’m going to pin your hair in an old fashioned bun behind your neck then glue the stones around your skull. How’s that?”
“Fine, Mama,” my sister doesn’t nod but smiles at the mirror.
My Mama has already painted on both their raccoon-eyes with an elongated v-shape black color pattern from earlobes to eye sockets surrounded by brown foundation.
I stand at the mirror, seeing olive skin then grab a paint brush, copying the paper drawing.
Mama finishes my sister’s hair then smiles at me. “Do you want your hair pinned, Igala?”
“No, ma’am!” I quickly finish the raccoon-eyes, when they leave to dress in their royal princess gowns. I stare at a silly face, feeling sick to my stomach and don’t bother with my long straight black hair.
Instead, I ping the cellette for more information then swirl towards the hallway when my sister passes me into the bathroom in her pretty princess party dress.
I reach my bedroom, entering then undress. I layout my jeans and T-shirt on the bedspread with the boots on the marble, exhaling. I touch my faded jeans, smiling.
I stare at new red T-shirt, frowning.
A thousand thoughts race though my mind, I should be whipping the garden bush shears in the air, feeling the weight, when I attack a member of the Vee-team. Or I show my brother how to handle the hammer for a deadly blew to the skull? Or I illustrate to my sister toss the scissors in the guts to stay alive?
The door knock disturbs my nightmare, when my Daddy smiles in the archway. “It is close to six. The Regulator escort is here.”
I pad to him. “Daddy, should we be practicing with the garden tools, instead of dancing? We won’t have much time before we’re required to enter Foci.”
My Daddy pats my arm, smiling. “You’re pretty in that party dress. Maybe, ya can keep it. It’s a re-designer, good quality. And…,” he winks. “Ucal knows what to do. I trust Ucal. Let’s go and eat, enjoying a good hoe down and ending a long day, sweetheart.” I nod.

Society Ball. 5:09 pm. I stand in the archway when the Regulator bumps into my ruffles, quietly signaling me to move out of the way. The room is filled with dancing couples, laughing people, and good smelling food. Jimmy Jones holds a microphone. “Welcome to the Society Ball! The purpose is both a ritual of tradition and a celebration of life with our family and friends, all present, tonight. I hope everyone partakes of the delicious food and elegant music. I, personally, enjoy waltzing with a lemon twist of hip shaking rock and roll music.” He chuckles. The gong chimes.
My Daddy leads us to a corner wall with two sofas. I sit beside Granny observing the happy folks when the Male bows to me.
He extends a candy pink glove as I frown. I’m really not in the mood or mind-set to dance to a happy frappy song. I face Foci in 50-minutes and 2-seconds. I don’t care what Daddy says or what Daddy thinks. We’re the Cee-team, the criminal team in Foci, because I have plowed my ancient car into the new hover car.
Ucal is only a teenager, like me. Ucal didn’t perform any magic trick by paying coinage for the damaged vehicle and exempting my family unit from the Foci deadly consequences.
My partners are being total dense idiots with the Foci rules, while I realize that Ucal isn’t present at the Society Ball.
He is lounging comfortably at his home with his parents along with my best friend Alcoona, probably waiting for the horror of Foci. I’m in the middle of the horror picture show. I hold back tears of sadness.
He smiles at me. “Miss, can you do me the delightful honor of accompanying my lead in this joyous song for a dance?”
I frown. “No.”
He doesn’t know my true identify, criminal of the Cee-team. I didn’t have extra time to read the entire instructions of the Society Ball. But, I’m betting that our raccoon-eyeballs are painted for that specific purpose.
He smiles. “Miss, you are quite beautifully stubborn. Please, dance the first song with me.”
“No!” I don’t desire attention, feeling uncomfortable and seriously worried.
Granny nudges me, “Good on, sweetheart! Have some fun for a little while. It’ll make you feel better relieve some penned up tension and stressful pressure.”
I view him. “No, Granny! It reminds me that tonight…,” I hold tears and emotions, being an unstable teen, at the moment.
Granny says, “Hush, girl! Dance with the young man! Enjoy your last foot steps on Earth. We don’t know what tonight will bring, child.”
I nod. “Yes, ma’am!” I exhale then inhale and then stand when the plantation dress bounces against his jeans. The male chuckles then back steps from the ruffles while holding my gloved hand within his gloved hand. We scoot into the crowded dance floor from my family.
The male leads the waltz, clamping cupped hands my wrist and my arm. He pulls me closer as we sway to the classical music. He smiles with silly raccoon-eyes when I exhale then inhale while holding back tears of sadness.
I wanna escape from the Society Ball, him, my parents, and everything then check the cellette. In 48-minutes, 14-seconds, I face Foci. I stumble when he catches me. I fake a smile. “I’m sorry. I’m…”
He smiles. “Nervous. That’s okay. I’m nervous, too. This is my first time at the Society Ball.”
“First time!?” I shake curls, seeing the floor, his jacket, blue jeans, and boots. I pull back. “I do…recognize them aqua and tan cowboy boots.” I view him. “Ucal!?”
“Shh!” He places fingers over my lips. “We aren’t allowed to exchange names, gorgeous.”
I frown. “Ucal!?”
“No names, darling! Call me, sweetheart! I call ya, darling!” He smiles.
My hands sweat inside the gloves along with a fluttering heart. “U…sweetheart! Why are you here, too?”
Ucal frowns. “Darling! I…my family…is part of this Society Ball.” I stop then plant gloves on waist when Ucal grabs each wrist. He places my arms around his fit, swaying. “Dance is the movement of shoes and breasts, rhythmically.” He chuckles and cuddles me.
“Why ya here, U…sweetheart? My Daddy says…”
“Darling, I promise. I’ll explain my family unit’s presence here, tomorrow after Foci.” Ucal giggles.
I pull back in angry. “I. Might. Not. Be. Here. Tomorrow. This is…”
Ucal pulls me into his chest, smiling. “Dance. We have to dance. I’s…,” he views the Regulator then me. “I don’t want us to get catch, not dancing.”
“U…sweetheart…,” not smiling but frowning.
He smiles. “Darling, the real purpose of the Society Ball is to locate and identity your opponent, the Vee-team.” Ucal pulls back. “While, they’re trying to locate and identity all of ya’ll, too. It’s an old fashion war strategy, probably from them olden medieval days of King Arthur, when his brave knights eat like barbarians at them long picnic tables with the enemy. Then, a knight cut an enemy’s head for burping.” He chuckles. “Remember, we had to watch and write a report on that video tape at home during History session. Here, the enemy is dressed just like a princess or a prince with a funny looking raccoon mask. Every face wears back circles around the eye sockets and brown face paint to your earlobes. The paint’s making my face itchy, thou. But, every girl wears a fancy pretty dress. You’re really pretty, darling! And, every guy has colored jacket with fake battle medals for show under a pair of blue jeans. I didn’t think that you would’ve recognized my old boots. I polished them good, spit shine and all.”
I feel safe with Ucal, smiling. “They’re pretty, too, sweetheart.”
“The Regulator commands the Society Ball. So, every person here is a professional dancer, mixing in with the visiting Cee- and Tee-teams. The entire Ball is faked to prevent ya’ll, the Vee-team from identifying the Cee-team, before Foci.”
“Why?”
Ucal exhales as we sway. “It’s another historical war battle strategy presented by General Jackson Stonewall in the Civil War. He held social dances in the South at his cotton plantation, right before the outbreak of war, sizing up the enemy, learning the enemy’s personality and thinking mental mind set. Ever heard the term, ‘know your enemy!’ ”
“Yeah.”
“So, narrow your eyelashes, cautiously and carefully looking around the walls, the wooden floor, and the food tables, the professional dancer or dance unit is having a great merry time. They eat, drink, chat, and joke with smiling faces and full bellies. The fighters, ya’ll are not eating, drinking, whisper talking while bumping faces into each other skulls, guessing your enemy.” Ucal says as we sway to the music.
I narrow eyelashes seeing the food and beverage tables on the left. I study each person from right to left, a head nod, a hand fling, and a lip movement. Each person smiles, laughs or eats a food item from the table. I can’t eat or drink or think. My inner guts are flip flopping with nervous energy. I’m afraid, if I eat one crumb of bread, then I’ll vomit on the dance floor.
Every person dresses in a princess gown or a battle jacket. Every person wears raccoon eyes while some males display facial beards or goatees or cat whiskers. The Females are princesses with glittering foundation powder of pink, yellow, white, brown or black covered in facial tiny gem stones of diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, rubies and other semi-precious jewels.
The wall corner houses three beautiful couples waving arms, swaying skirt tails, tapping heels with fun. I arch a neck, straining and seeing the extreme left side of the room. A semi-line of elderly couples yanks, gigging and laughing with other happy faces.
“Darling!” Ucal smiles as I view my parents.
My Mama and Daddy are huddled for the bloody slaughter, bumping painted foreheads then scouting raccoon-eyes at the walls then bump for a second time. They whisper trying to locate the enemy.
My Granny sits alone in one of the sofa absorbing and gathering the battle datum, too. She is an old bat living during the real time of old fashioned rubber tired cars, automatic shooting weapons, and fracking of oil from the ground. That’s all gone in the year 2030.
“Darling, the enemy is at three o’clock.” He chuckles. “Maybe, three-thirty using the old war battle time. Their fancy dance shoes are against the wall paneling in a semi-circle, whispering to each other. And, they’re very…,”
I view them. “Short!?” I giggle.
“The family name is Chen, probably Asian DNA. Them folks got short legs and arms but quick body reflexes. Ya gotta wait their little feet and wiggling fingers…”
I view Ucal in angry. “Don’t! Stop! Why are you telling and tattling me all this information to me?”
Ucal smiles at me. “To help ya win, darling! I really greatly desire that ya don’t lose, gorgeous.”
I say. “Daddy says that you would help us win, too. And, that’s nice and helpful, sweetheart. But, this is cheating…”
“…cheating death. You’re dang right about that one, gorgeous.” Ucal sours in angry.
“I…,” am afraid of dying.
“You’re too nervous and excited to think straight. I’d be, too. And, this is the purpose of the Society Ball.” He views behind shoulder. “Your Granny is doing the same thing as I. She just can’t see with her old eyeballs that good from inside a far wall corner of a large dance floor. I’m not cheating against the Chen family. I’m aiding my friend from childhood. There’s nothing wrong with saving your life, darling.”
“I….,” choke on tears.
“Ya don’t have to mention all your learned secrets. Ya just make-pretend, too! That you’ve observed this and that, also. First, get with your Granny! She’s a smart old bird. She probably has figured out the enemy, too but just needs some confirmation.”
“I…,” am so grateful. I hug him, holding back tears of pain, angry, fear, and fright.
“The Society Ball, in the beginning held an introduction gathering, not pleasantly social like this, but viciously violent. The very first opponents of the Cee- and Tee-teams actually started fighting with twirling fists, drawing blood from flesh and bone, and then cutting up each other throats, literally with hunting knifes. The first Cee-team was a bunch of low-life thugs in the city attacking Jimmy Jones’s great-Grandfather. The Cee- and Vee-teams met as instructed by them idiots Congressmen then the opposing family unit just started beating the tar and shit out of each other. The female Congresswoman who initiated the first Foci along with her entire family died, right here on this very spot.”
I seek blood stains within the dark polished wood. “She died, here.”
“Long time ago, in the year 2014, this was the old US Federal Courthouse in Beehamie. A place used to determine guilt or innocence of a man or a woman by a human judge. That’s why the adjacent building’s decorated in pretty marble. The white marble is hard, smooth, and pretty like you, darling.” He smiles. “The marble symbolizes the justice of the old Courthouse. Therefore, the entire flooring, walls, and ceiling are all white marble with tiny golden specks of paint chips. In comparison, the Vee-building is pink marble with tiny specks of silver paint chips.”
“And, both buildings contain the dead bodies of Foci.”
“Right, again, babe! Ya know, the ending of the first Foci.”
“I don’t.”
“Well, ya can guess the ending of the first Foci.”
“I can’t.”
“The first Foci ended with the entire immediate and extended family unit of Jimmy Jones fighting and battling against three different families of each accused criminal. After the blood, guts, and gory, one man was left standing.”
“Who?”
“Jimmy Jones’s nine-year old grandson was covered in red blood, pink guts, and white bone fragments.” He chuckles as I view my baby brother. He’s also nine-years old. I can’t image him covered in red blood, pink guts, and white bone fragments.
“Jimmy Jones is the inspiration of Foci, fairness and justice. The Foci was created and blessed by Congressmen. Then, them old corrupt and greedy Congressmen and women each got an ass herded into a Foci playing field. By the year 2015, folks were sick to death of high taxes and holy corruption. So’s, the folks created a Regulator. The Regulator started investigating into lies, corruption, and thievery. One by one, a criminal surfaced then the criminal was allowed take his punishment of instant die or take a chance of life inside Foci.”
“Wait!” I toss a hand.
Ucal grabs my hand, pulling me closer. “Shh! We’re supposed to be dancing, not conspiring, darling.” He smiles. “Just whisper your question into my ear while your luscious breasts tickle my jacket.”
“Sweet-tart!”
“Sweetheart?”
“Sweet-tart!” I sour as Ucal pulls back, frowning.
He chuckles, “O, sweet-tart!” Then, he pulls me closer as we dance.
I smile. “Sweet-tart! If I understand you correctly from that brilliant history lesson of Foci, then I can option out of Foci. Therefore, I can take my punishment for the car accident.” Ucal parts lips, viewing.
He nods. “Yes! Ya can. I can’t believe that I didn’t think of that for you.”
I smirk as we dance. “Why should you, sweet-tart? I crashed my vehicle into the other car.”
“I was there, too. I paid for the car damages.”
“U…sweetheart! Please, tell me! You’re not in trouble for doing that.”
“Naw! I was being a friend, looking more like a dope. Mr. Chen didn’t accept my coinage. When his kid explained that you hit their vehicle, Mr. Chen rejected my deposit, opening up the Foci invitation.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Ya keep repeating that sentence, darling.”
“I’m afraid and don’t understand the concept of Foci. I am not a criminal. I didn’t mean to hit the bumper of the vehicle. It was an accident. You saw the accident.”
“You’re all right on every argument. Foci has become more…”
“May I please have this dance, beauty?” A Male stands beside Ucal when Ucal sneers than releases me, without arousing suspicion from the Regulator along the wall.
“Yes, of course. I would be very honored, sir.” I nod, being a Southern belle, not desiring to un-mask Ucal’s secretive role then back step from Ucal. I fake a smile then bow on curved ankles at the young male. Ucal doesn’t yield his dancing pose while snarling into male’s face.
The male isn’t intimated, shoving a lavender glove into Ucal’s jacket with a nice thrust of gravity force, pushing Ucal. The Male poses an arm at two o’clock and eight o’clock, a waltz position for the new music.
I gloves in each cupped palm as the male pulls me into his chest then curls both arms around my waist, giggling. He doesn’t wait on the music while swaying our bodies side to side in a slow steady motion then the fanfare peaks into a high a-chord of violin strings. He moves into the middle of the floor with the other laughing couples.
I giggle. “I do declare that I recognize that girly snigger. Sigo!?”
“Yeah!” Sigo smiles.
“Do you know the identity of my previous dance escort?”
“Yeah! I know that redneck, too. Ucal and I have been peeing on each other boot toes, since we were three. Then, my Mama saw us do that nasty thing in back yard and whipped my naked butt with a long dogwood tree branch. That particular branch is thin but firm on tender un-tanned flesh.”
“Sigo, are you a professional dancer, too?”
“The redneck’s been tattling. Yeah! My family unit’s part of this dang Society dookie, too.”
“You sound un-impressed.”
“He gave ya the low-down on the…,” he scans the wall, “…your Enemy.”
“We found the Enemy at three-thirty on your left.” I watch Sigo.
He views the enemy. “They’re short!” Sigo laughs.
I view him. “Ucal remembered the family name is Chen, probably some type of Asian ancestry.”
He swing to me, frowning. “Ucal!?”
I say. “Shh! He says that you’re not supposed to exchange names.”
“Yeah! But, this is personal and private and pissing my off to all three space station orbiting the Pluto Ice Belt. How does that redneck know how to ID the Vee-team? He ain’t blood kin to them. Is he? That’s how some folks find who is fighting with who…”
“Whom?”
“Whatever! When a Regulator discovers some leaked datum exchange from either a Cee- or Vee-team, then them leaky family members become involved in Foci. So’s, how does the redneck know, beauty?”
I smile at his sweet endearment, feeling much better with my bold solution. “He witnessed my car accident that brought me here into Foci.”
Sigo stops swaying, dropping a jaw, when I jerk our arms, not moving teen-stud towards me. “Don’t reaction!” Sigo pulls me into jacket, without smiling.
He says. “Uh! Yeah! Sorry! I’m shocked. We’re boyhood friends. I’m shocked that I didn’t know that particular fairy tale.”
“He didn’t think it a big deal. Why would ya think it a bigger deal?”
“It’s not. I mean. It’s controlled. I mean. I’m shocked. That’s all.”
“Join my Zombie Club, boy.”
“Look, them short folks didn’t stand…,” he giggles. “…up…,” he giggles. “…to your tallness, beauty. The tallest kid is no taller then my baby sister. Ya win, just slap a skull against a ton of limestone rocks then…”
“I don’t want to win like that. I don’t wanna fight. I don’t wanna harm.”
“I don’t wanna dress in his silly sissy lavender jacket, either. But, I do obey my Mama. And, I do believe that your Mama wants ya to live for another day. So’s, do I, beauty.”
“And, I have a new strategy.”
“Suck ratty guts..,” says Sigo.
I smile. “Call me, sugar.”
“Sugar! There be no suck ratty guts plot, here. Ya go to Foci or you to…”
Sigo frowns. “Do not say it! My heart can’t take it. I don’t wanna see…”
I smile. “I opt out of Foci. And, I accept the punishment of wrecking another person’s car like in ancient year of 2014. Then, the guilt party…me…or my partners pay to repair the damage of the wrecked property, the Vee-team’s family hover car.”
“But! That? Well! I didn’t know that shared information. How da ya figure that out, sugar?”
“The redneck told me.”
He chuckles. “Well! That son of gun’s really smart…”
“Smart-ass…,” Ucal leans into Sigo. “The song’s done, boy. Move off the babe. It’s my time to dance with her gorgeousness.”
I stand between the teen-asses, not wanting any uninvited attention of my shared secret and shared friends. “Ya’ll, behavior! I don’t need all the added eyeball media attention to my…pink ruffles the dress.”
Ucal leans into Sigo. “No attention! Since, the rebel’s leaving. Right, rebel?”
Sigo nods, two-stepping away from us. “Yeah!”
Ucal places hands around my wrist then lifts me off the flooring, dancing in a half-circle, giggling. He lands me on the flooring, scooting into me. “I have more information…”
“I…,” start to talk.
He shakes curls. “Naw. This is the last dance music for the Society Ball, tonight. Then, ya’ll go back into your Regulator hole. You must absolutely present your person at 6:59 pm before the Regulator. The Regulator on duty must hear from your lips the opt-out clause. Did ya remember entering the Cee-building?” I nod. “There was an intersection with a right or left foot path. You turn to the right and head towards the end of the hallway. The Regulator is housed, there.”
“The doors are locked.”
He shakes curls. “Naw. Nothing’s locked or sealed or guarded. Go into the Regulator’s office before 7:00 pm. Seven is the start of Foci. If me, then I’d be there at 6:55pm and then surprise the hell out of the Regulator.” Ucal chuckles.
I say with seriousness. “I should go, right after I leave here at 6:10 or 6:15 or 6:20 to ensure the Regulator sees and hears me, before Foci begins.”
“Naw!” He views dancers. “Everyone’s leaving, walking to their vehicles or socializing with each other, before they head off to the Foci bleachers for the show. All the Regulators are outside for guarding reasons, since both the Cee- and Vee-teams are inside, unaware of each other. A Regulator could interpret your solo act as an escape and then…”
“Understood.”
“And’s, no one can know that I told ya this information, darling.”
“I promise, swearing my soul.”
Ucal smiles, nodding. “Hit the wood at 6:55 and march your body right on into that room. No one is every denied access to the Regulator. Then, you shout. I am the criminal. I caused the car accident and want punishment of wrecking the car, not Foci. Once, you select that alternative, then the Regulator will be forced to conduct a personal and private investigation into the car accident.”
“That means…,” I must pay for the damage to a very expensive hover car. But, the alternative of life is better than the alternative of death. The gong chimes.
Jimmy smiles. “Ladies and gentlemen, the Society Ball has concluded. Thank you for coming for tonight’s event. Please drive home, safely. Have a good trip. Good night!”
Ucal parts me leaving cold whirlwinds of air around my body absent of his hotness, bowing at his fit wrist, being a southern gentleman. He uprights, not smiling. Since, we don’t know each other, just dancing…not conspiring, darling.
Ucal back pedals as I back steps him, not showing any emotion or smile. Since, we’re only dancing…not conspiring, darling.
I back pedal into a dance then forward pedal from the butt-collision as Ucal back steps into a dancer, too. We halt, giggling with dancing eyeballs at each other then start back pedaling. I giggle, not waving but straining to see a raccoon face of Ucal.
Then, I feel a warm hand when Granny says. “Do you know that young gentleman, Igala?”
I watching a pink tuxedo jacket cuddle beside a lavender one, knowing that I have two nice friends, maybe one naughty boyfriend. They slam back muscles with hands, bumping foreheads, while padding towards the exit door, when Ucal views me for the final look-see. Then, Ucal and Sigo exit into the darkness.
I smirk. “No, Granny! He was a nice dancer, telling me stuff and making me smile for a little while.”
“That’s nice, child!” Granny pats my collar bone, when my Mama shoves me towards the door.
My Mama says. “We’re to follow the Regulator back to our chamber. Igala, did you see Ucal? Did you speak with him? Isn’t he required to talk to the Regulator about our delicate manner?”  I view the Regulators guarding the wall, escorting us.
My Daddy, brother, and sister stroll ahead. I do not show body language. “Naw, Mama! We just patiently wait, then Ucal will arrive.” Since, I have to locate, find, and beg the Regulator stopping the death sentence. My parents are fit people, but my younger brother and sister can’t fight with another teenager equal or greater than my body size.
I have a solution from by Ucal. Now, I just have to figure out how to sneak out of our Cee-chamber room, without questions from Mama, Daddy or Granny. 
I observe noting the doors automatically open, without any type of mechanic or electronic device from the Regulator’s sunglasses or gloves. Therefore, I’ve ensured that I’m not permanently locked inside the Cee-chamber.

Cee-chamber. My Daddy hugs my brother and sister leading us into the creepy but pretty marble room as we stand around the island waiting for a miracle.
I ping my cellette, wasting time on the clock before my escape. I pretend to read more Foci instructions. “I’m guessing, here!” My parents are wearing their individual cellies but too upset to see the truth.
Granny picks at the lace collar. “Your guesses have been very good, Igala.”
“Thanks, Granny!” I smile at her then ping the cellette. I pretend to read the Foci rules. “It states here. I will paraphrase. Ucal is like our chosen Cee-team representation in Foci, since…”
Daddy nods. “Because, he executed the coinage transaction with the Driver of the automobile you smashed.”
I say. “Yeah! The automobile that I smashed, Ucal paid for the monetary damage for me.”
Mama nods, viewing Daddy. “I do believe that Ucal should be paid from Igala’s personal coin account. How much was the coinage, Igala?”
I look at her. “I don’t exactly know, Mama. I can ask Ucal tomorrow at Hall. I promise to tell him that I will pay for his generosity.” I check the cellette. The time is 6:41pm. I pretend to read Foci rules. “Ucal is like our chosen representative Cee-team representative of Foci must meet with the Regulator.”
“That makes perfect sense. What will Ucal say?” My Daddy nods, viewing me.
I pretend to read the cellette. “He will explain what he saw and what he did. Ya know, the crash and the cash.” I giggle, viewing my Mama then clear my throat. “So, I do not believe that we will see Ucal before that event. Since, Ucal will be standing and waiting for the Regulator.”
My Daddy frowns. “I understand that you don’t have to wait on a Regulator. They are always available.”
I say. “Well! They hosted the Society Ball. I would think that they have some obligations and commitments of shutting it down. Right?”
My Mama nods. “I believe so, too. So, we wait for Ucal.”
I fake a smile. “Yeah! We wait for Ucal. And, in the meantime, I believe we should get out of our borrowed clothes and change back to our clothes. Then, when Ucal arrives, ya know with the good news, then we all can be ready to go back home. And, we can sleep in our own beds, tonight.”
“Excellent suggestion, Igala! I agree with her analysis, assessment, and conclusion. I want out of this tight evening dress, too. My clothes are inside the first bedroom, over there on our right,” Granny swings towards the bedroom.
“My stuff’s in the first bedroom on the left.” I finger the closest room to the doors.
Each bedroom is perpendicular to the flooring. I want to escape from my parents, without passing their selected bedroom.
My sister runs to her selected room. “I wanna bounce on the bed a couple of time before we leave.”
My Mama runs after her. “Come here, sweetheart! We must remove these gem warts that you’ve glued all over your face. You look like you have a case of gem measles, since the gem stones are all different colors and textures.”
Daddy pushes his son. “Let’s wash off the raccoon eyes.”
“I like the raccoon eyes. I wanna where my mask home and show my friend, Rugard.” My brother whines.
“Naw. It’s only girly makeup. And, I don’t want it on the furniture.” Daddy shoves them towards the bathroom.
I watch another second of tick-tock time for my escape. I back step from the marble then watch Mama and my sister hit the bathroom. I mosey down the marble meeting Granny.
Granny hugs me, smiling. “You’re brave, Igala. You did nothing wrong. I’m just glad that Ucal was there for us. He also did his good deed for the day.”
I nod, smiling at her. “Yes! He did, Granny.” 
“I’ll be lying down. This evening is too much for me and my old heart.” Granny moves to the room.
“Alright, Granny.” I trot towards the bathroom, entering.
My sister yells. “That hurts, Mama.”
“You have thick yellowish patches of hard glue on your face, girly under the gem stones. I have to remove the glue. Or your face will freeze, darling?”
“Freeze!?” My sister frowns.
“Like a popsicle then you’ll look funny.” My Mama giggles.
My sister smiles. “I don’t want to look funny. I wanna look beautiful, again, just like you, Mama.”
“And, you shall be beautiful, again, sweetie.” Mama giggles.
I stumble to the last sink away from the water puddles then remove my cellette, my world of seeing communication, which can be ruined with tons of water. The raccoon eyes are beautiful on my flawless pinky-pink complexion then clean my face.
Society provides nothing but prettiness and properness. Everyone knows their single standard role, a re-designer of something suchlike, moving cars, cooking appliances, working robots, entertaining plasmas, wearing clothes, and even old body parts.
Every one is equal in our perfect world with no crime, no corruption, and no creativity.
I see my pinky-pink face, without a smile then see my cellette. 6:41pm.
I swing to the toilet then flush it. The cellette reads. 6:43pm.
I emerge, washing my hands. The cellette shows. 6:44pm.
Mama battles raccoon makeup when my sister screams. “Stop! Let me! Mama! No soap! Stop!” I view them, smiling. “Change into your jeans, Igala.” Mama orders.
“Yes, ma’am!” I trot by the boys’ bathroom. My brother argues with Daddy keeping the raccoon eyes. The cellette time is 6:46pm.
I dash towards my bedroom. I view the folded Foci T-shirt on the pillow then reach for my jeans.
I pose, thinking of Ucal’s words. ‘Don’t get caught outside the doors! The Regulator won’t understand.’
Then, I smooth my pretty gown, giggling. “I’m lost, Mr. Regulator, sir!” I look at the cellette. 6:49pm. Time for my escape!
I slide into the hallway. Clear! I look at Granny’s door. Closed! I look at the corridor. Empty! I view the doors. Beautiful!
The bedroom closes automatically pretending I’m changing my clothes. I’m a teen, taking my girly time with everything, giggling.
I pad to the doors while observing the bathroom, walking into the metal. Nothing!
My body heat didn’t activate the electronic sensor. I back step from the door then two-step and stand in the middle then the door part.
I view Granny’s door. Closed! Then, I view the bathrooms. Clear! I exit at chamber suite. I check the time. 6:48 pm.
I tap down the middle of the marble avoiding my reflection against the burning urns of fire then trip. “Shit!”
I stop then jerk both heels for a faster and smooth ride. I check the time. 6:50pm.
I lift the hem then gallop down the creepy marble. The coldness of the flooring slaps against warm and sweaty feet passing the wall of dead bodies.
I see the entrance doors then turn right as instructed, without stopping. I huff down a new empty corridor colored in white marble, too, with no Regulators, either. I smile, seeing.
A second set of metal doors as I slow, scanning the white walls. Then, I understand.
Ucal said the Regulator’s Office was embedded in the old part of the Courthouse made of dark maple wood. This is the new part of the Cee-building, the morgue entrance for the dead Cee-team member.
I circle, running, “The other right..,’ giggling.
I rush passed the doors. I check my cellette. 6:52pm.
I see the floor change from marble into wood and then view wooden double doors. I halt, replacing shoes, breathing heavy with both fright and fantasy. I’m meeting a Regulator in person, twice in my life, and hopefully the last time.
My heart pounds into my ear while my tummy flip flops with thousand and one butterflies as I stand at the doors. I check my cellette. 6:54pm.
Ucal said enter at 6:55pm.
I touch the handle with two hands then ease it forward. My hands sweat. My heart pounds. My knees shake.
The door is silence as I slip in, seeing.
A Regulator sits behind a table, watching a monitor.
I say, meekly. “Hi!” I smile. “Hello there, sir!” The Regulator stares at me. “Uh, hey! I’m Igala, madam. I’m from Family Smith. I guess we’re called the Cee-team.” I stumble down the aisle of empty rows.
The Regulator doesn’t stand when I stop. “I was told that I could come here and talk. So here I am here.” The Regulator sits. I nod. “I am the criminal. I caused the car accident. I request the Option of paying with coinage for my punishment, not Foci.”
The Regulator says. “Accepted.”
I don’t want Ucal in trouble. “And, Regulator, sir, the Driver of the other damaged vehicle was paid with coins at the location cite of my car accident. Therefore, I have met the punishment requirements, too. But, I…my family…will do what is required of us per the Code of Society.”
The Regulator says. “Indeed.”
“Well, I guess. That’s it!” I back step. “And, I…we...my family’ll be leaving, now from you, the building, and Foci. Okay!? Bye! Nice meeting ya’ll.” I stand in the archway.
The Regulator says. “Good day, Igala of Family Smith.” My dress reaches the closed door before my shoulders then stumble into the wood touching the door handle behind my waist with a left hand.
I jerk on the handle but can’t bugle the wood, so I smile then swing to the handle. I grab with two hands, pulling it scoot out.
I gallop then skip fleeing the Regulator. I hit the smooth marble, flinging a shoe off with silliness then the other one.
I lift the hem running while scooping up each sandal then turn right towards the chamber doors. I check my cellette. 7:02pm.
Foci introduction has started but the team members don’t display on the plasma until a few minutes, later.
I slow then halt, activating the sensor. The doors part while I scan for Mama, Daddy, Granny or my siblings, seeing nothing.
I fly onto the bed mattress of my Cee-chamber room with my heart racing. My mind clicks with too much activity. I close eyelashes, breathing out stress and nervousness.
The door knocks then reveals Mama. She smiles. “We have been pardoned or something. We’re leaving and going back home, Igala! Get up, girl!”
“Yes, ma’am…scooting from the bed and grabbing my jeans, T-shirt, and boots.
The hallway is empty as my family leaves the building. I race down the hallway catching up with Granny, seeing two rows of Regulators creating air space between the double doors. I see the limousine along the city street following my family.
I scoot into the limo with three compartments, driver’s cab; children’s seating, and an adult bench. The kids play on new cellies.
Daddy smiles and pats my dress. “Ucal came through. He arranged our freedom from Foci.”
I view the ruffles on my dress. “Yeah, Daddy! Ucal came through.”
Mama stares at my dress. “Why are wearing that dress, Igala?” Then, she looks at me.
I touch my dress. “I wanna keep it as a reminder of freedom.”
Mama touches my dress. “Is that legal? Can Igala keep the dress?”
Daddy smiles, viewing the window. “Igala bounced out that door wearing the gown. The Regulator didn’t stop her or ask questions. It’s okay, dear.” Granny plays with the mounted plasma when the word Foci appears.
My heart drops down into my stomach then into my toes. 
There is a row of adults and children tied with ropes in chairs facing the grass of Foci. Jimmy Jones says. “The Vee-team has lied to the Regulator. Lying to a Regulator is punished by death.” I gasp along with Mama, Daddy and Granny.
The plasma shows semi-automatic guns on a rack with barrels at the Vee-team. The Regulator presses a button releasing the bullets when body parts fly. After three seconds, the chairs are splintered wood, not enough for a fire kindling along with scattered pieces of pink flesh, red blood, and white bones.
“Thank you for watching Foci,” Jimmy Jones smiles. Then, the plasma turns black.

Cee-building. Ucal stands in the dark hallway, when a tall Regulator pulls beside him, even in height. “I wonder who could have informed that young miss about the regulation of Option.” Ucal smirks, watching Igala exit the building.
The short Regulator scoots beside Ucal. “Foci rules are display publicly for any reading by any citizen at any time in any cellie.”
Ucal says. “The citizen didn’t enjoy reading about Foci. They enjoy watching Foci.”
The short Regulator says. “There seems to be one citizen smarting than the rest.” She views Ucal. “Would you agree, Ucal?” Ucal smirks, back stepping from the twin Regulators.

Hall. Wednesday. 8:03am. I slide next to Oressa. She smiles at me. “Igala, where’s your car, babe?”
I smile. “Bravely alone and frightened like a tiny kitten inside the garage, I’m afraid.”
Payney giggles. “Too bad! The forecast is raining cats and dogs on ya, darling.”
“Foci was boring, last night.” Flossie stomps re-designer heels towards the table, slamming a re-designer purse, “Where were the members of the Cee-team?”
“Ya mean, the cowards of the Cee-team.” Alcoona sneers.
Ethdamn says. “They were killed before they came into Foci. The Regulators have a spy group to eliminate criminals.”
Ucal says. “No. they don’t.”
Sigo says. “Not right. The Vee-team was murdered in high old fashion execution style. I saw that one time before the plasma.”
Oressa asks. “What happened to the Criminals, Teacher?”
Mr. Tooter leans against desk. “I don’t know the answer to that question, but it’s on everyone’s mind. Maybe, we can theorize the plot that unfolded, not before our eyes. Any crazy wild theorems?”
Oressa says. “The Criminals were killed.”
Ethdamn sneers. “The Cee-team escaped.”
Alcoona says. “Escaped to where? Where does the Cee-team go, but to Foci? Criminals always will go into Foci.”
Ethdamn says. “Naw. They escaped. I heard long time ago that happened in the year 2016. A Cee-team had escaped then were hunted down like a wild animal and brought back. The Criminal-family was executed publicly. My Grandfather told me about it.”
Payney says. “Last night, the Vee-time was executed.”
Alcoona says, “I was appalled at the horror of seeing tiny children shot in the rear of their little hairy skulls from a semi-automatic machine gun.”
“One of your false eyelashes fell off into your cold beverage from boo-hoo crying, Alcoona.” Ucal chucks.
Ethdamn says. “Where da the weapons come from?”
Ucal points at his buddy. “A concrete underground bunker underneath Sigo’s horse barn.”
Sigo stands, whipping arms up, “Yee-haw! Don’t mess with my horse barn!”
Oressa says. “It would’ve been much worse seeing the bullets shot through a face and a chest. Ya can see their beating heart along with blown off one or two eyeballs, too.”
“The Vee-team lied.” Ucal sneers.
“What!?” Alcoona frowns at Ucal.
Sigo says. “Foci is a fair reward system for both the criminal and victim eliminating lies, exhortation, and blackmail.”
Payney nods. “Angry over politics of the day.”
Ucal debates. “There ain’t no politicians that out politics, anymore.”
Oressa says. “Fascination with winners of Foci. They’re heroes, beating out the common criminal.”
Ucal says. “There ain’t no winners of Foci, only rich survivors.”
Payney nods. “The growing dissatisfaction of the working class.”
Ucal says. “There ain’t no dissatisfaction of workers or the working class.”
“Or the Foci winner..,” Sigo says.
“Everyone works in some type of capacity for coinage.”
Oressa smiles. “Society is totally bad against the both pretty teen girls and cute baby toddlers.”
Ucal stands. “Society ain’t no Fascist Nazi regime of ancient world history. And, Society is not corrupt like the old Federal Representative style Government of lawmakers.” He fold arms, “In the year 2066, we’ve ended awful wars, personal violence, and terminal sickness. All folks live to be healthy at 100-years old and longer, then the heart gives out. But yet, the rotten apples still linger on the tree.”
“Naw.” Ethdamn shakes skull.
He touches Voshee. “We’re the normal, beautifully aristocrats, healthy, perhaps some of us are kinda rugged.” He winks at Sigo. “But, we’re overall nice-looking young teens with sincere earnestness and deep convictions of love and life. In the year 2066, folks still don’t wanna be happy at peace with great joy. Be great!”
“I’m great.” Ethdamn laughs.
Sigo chuckles. “I’m greater in bed after joyous sex.”
“Call me, Sigo!” Alcoona smiles.
Oressa smiles. “Sigo, here’s my cellette number.”
Ucal sneers. “Hush, Sigo.”
“Well, I am.” Sigo chuckles.
Ucal stares at Sigo. “Folks wanna be empty, frustrated, and miserable. So, they want Foci.” Ucal pings his cellie. A video transmits electronically to side wall a Foci event. “In the year 2066, there ain’t no more criminal peoples. I’m talking about the color of white, black, yellow, pink, red or brown-skinned peoples. Foci got rid of them for us.”
“Who’s us?” Oressa frowns.
“Me and you, Oressa.” Alcoona smiles.
Ucal pings his cellie. “There ain’t no more fat peoples, either living in the year 2066. In Foci, a fat Male claimed his physician couldn’t cure his fatness. Be reasonable, the fat Male eat all the dang time, eat at every meal, breakfast, brunch, lunch, supper, dinner, evening, and midnight snack. The fat Male couldn’t lose weight, so’s, the fat Male claimed the licensed physician was incompetent in his medical practice. The physician and loving family unit fought in Foci as a Cee-team, criminals.”
The video shows a red T-shirt tall slender Male standing on top of stage platform with wild rock and roll music playing in the back ground thrusting a golden pick axe above his skull then his golden pick axe plummets down towards a fallen fat Male spread-eagle on wooden floor. When a second golden pick axe freely soars in the air waves then plunges into the red T-shirted Male’s chest cavity. The pick axe splits off the chest, exposing a beating heart organ flooding with red blood mixing with the red T-shirt. The red T-shirt Male stumbles from the impact then disappears from the wooden stage, falling out of sight of the camera. A violent horizontal line of yelling and running fat Males and Females attack with sharp clean axes the remaining three family member unit of the Physician as arms fall, heads roll, and blood covers the wooden stage with more body parts.
Alcoona smiles. “Ya see inside Foci we do moral values.”
Ucal sneers. “The standard behavior is violence.”
Ethdamn says. “I don’t agree.”
Ucal says. “The winner of Foci is your imaginative pet dog begging and pleading to your command.”
“Show your proof, man.” Sigo challenges.
Ucal points at the wall. “Finally, the addiction to Foci.”
Sigo says. “There ain’t no addiction to Foci. Sit down, Ulcer!”
Ucal views Sigo. “Bloody violence, vicious battles, hatred bullying. What do you call all of that, bro?”
Sigo stands, chuckling, tossing arms. “Free plasma. Free entertainment. Free...dumb.”

My home. Wednesday. 3:01 pm. I sit doing homework when the door rings. My heart stops then restarts when I turn to see a Regulator enter.
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “You are invited to Foci. The limousine will arrive in 59-minutes. Each member is allowed many luggage units hanging from the body for vital family protection. Each member doesn’t need additional clothing or daily necessaries, since such-like will be provided at the Cee-building. The Cee-team named Family Smith will honor the invitation or face the Regulator. Thank you. Have a nice day!” It back steps then pivots towards the limo in our driveway.
My Mama views me. “Igala!?”
I wave arms. “I don’t drive my car, today. I didn’t do anything wrong. I don’t know what is happening?”
My Mama asks. “Why are we doing to Foci for a second time, Igala? You mentioned that Ucal got us out of Foci.”
My Daddy looks at the floor. “Ucal is only a teenager. I guess he failed us.”
I view the door. “I failed us.”

Society Ball. 5:15pm. I stumble towards the corner wall in a strapless blue dress with sequins wearing the raccoon mask. I huddle with my family between two sofas. Mama isn’t talking while Daddy is worried and Granny sits on the sofa watching the dancing couples.
I say. “We should blend into the crowd, not give our selves away.”
Mama sneers at me. “What on earth for, Igala? Everyone sees us. Everyone knows who we are. This is a fun party for them, not us.”
Daddy pats my brother’s collar bone. “We should eat. We need strength for the…,” he looks at me with a tight smile. “Igala, please help me gather a tray of food.”
“Yes, sir,” I scoot beside Daddy watching the happy people dance swaying side to side. I feel depressed, scared, mad, angry, and unhappy. Daddy piles food then returns to the wall corner.
I fiddle with the beverage, when two arms wrap around me. “Hey, beauty! Wanna dance.”
I smile being a little happy. “Sigo, you’re so un-smooth at a time like this.”
Sigo smiles. “Rednecks always are.”
I leave the beverage swinging to his smile. “Is Ucal here?”
“Who cares? I’m here. You’re here. Let’s dance to the music, beauty.”
“Why am I here?
“…to dance with me.”
“Please, answer my question. Why is my family, here for the second time, Sigo?”
“Igala. Nice to see ya out of jeans and cowgirls boots for a change.”
“Alcoona!?” I frown, viewing her red tight evening gown. “Why are you here?”
Alcoona smiles at Sigo. “I get invited. This is an invitation party. Right, Sigo?”
“Right, Igala! We all get invited here. Well, me and beauty are dancing. Shove off, Alcoona!”
“I’m going to find Ucal and dance with him. Will that make ya jealous, Igala?”
“No.” I shake curls.
Sigo drags me to the dance floor. “Why is she here? Why am I here? I used the Option regulation. We departed the Cee-building last night. Now, I’m back.”
“I’m back, too. But, it’s a mystery to me about your family in Foci for a second try, too.” He views the Smith huddle.
“Ucal lied to me. I used Option but it didn’t work. I am facing…,”
“Beauty, Ucal is a lot of rough and tough things but he doesn’t lie. Option is both legal and useful.”
I frown. “Can I use Option, tonight for a second time?”
Sigo frowns. “I don’t know. Are you guilty of a second crime?”
I stare at the floor. “I don’t know the crime that I did.” I look at him. “Or didn’t do? Is Ucal here? Which one is he?”
“Yeah!” He views the dancers, smiling. “He’s here, somewhere flirting with another girl.” He frowns. “If’an I point him out then I can’t dance with you, beauty.” He chuckles.
I sour. “Stop it, Sigo. I’m about to go into Foci. I’m afraid, scared. I might…”
“Naw. Ya won’t.” He smiles.
I frown. “How do you know that?”
He smiles. “Ucal told me that he’s working out something with the Regulator.”
How can he do that? Why is he doing that? What is going on here?” We dance in circles.
“Ucal’s parents are high up in the Regulator Society.”
“That’s cheating.”
He chuckles. “That’s saving your cute fanny, beauty. But, I get the credit.”
“You!?” I frown. “You came up with the idea.”
“….of dancing with you while Ucal flirts with the Regulator.”
“There’re robots.”
“Naw, beauty.”
“There’re not humans.”
“Naw.”
Ucal hovers at Sigo’s nose profile. “Move, Redneck!”
Sigo two-step aside, frowning then touches a hand to my cheekbone with a smile. This is a social party, not a goodbye ball when I smile at him. Then Ucal grabs my hands swinging us away from Sigo.
Ucal says. “When you return to your suite you will returned to pick an environment…”
“I have to fight.” I sob.
He sours. “You’re required to pick an environment for Foci.”
I say. “I don’t wanna fight, Ucal. I’m going to use Option and face the Regulator for a second time.”
Ucal spins us. “You cannot.”
I frown. “You told me to use Option and I did. Then, it didn’t work the first time. I will use it this time.” Ucal spins us into the wall corner then he kisses me deeply and passionately as I tense then relax enjoying the softness.
“You have so little faith in me.”
“But…,” I stand, worrying.
The gong chimes when Ucal pulls back, smiling. I frown, “A good bye kiss.”
He chuckles. “Naw. A good to see you kiss. Then, a good for being your friend kiss. Then, a good night kiss.  And, pick water for you Foci environment. I’ll see ya at school, tomorrow.” He back steps then swings towards the archway leaving me at the wall. I wipe wet lips with the glove then exit the dance with my family.

Foci square. 7:02pm. Jimmy says. “Serpents, brood of vipers! You are condemned to Foci. Let the event begin!
The crowd is quiet, when I enter onto a wooden deck. I say. “Why is there not any noise?” I view black panels surrounding the arena. “Where is everyone?”
Granny views the black panels. “They use cellies to watch Foci. The black panels protect us from them. They communicate their pleasure by the score board.” She fingers the plasma. “It currently tallies the number of folks watching us. It shows 500,000 cellies plus in the city of Beehamie. When they like the action, they ping a response of yay or boo or kill or Foci. Since, they’re not allowed to cheer or chant in the Stadium. Or they’ll tossed in Foci, too?” She smirks. “They want to hear death, not see it.”
The square arena is a sea of blue water. On the opposite deck, I see Payney, a passenger in my car accident. “That b…”
“That boat is totally overloaded with eight people and two dogs.” My brother fingers the floating object.
“Dogs with fangs.” Mama stands beside me.
“I don’t like dogs.” Britten sobs between Granny’s arms.
“Dogs are very expense to clone and own.” Granny stares at the boat.
Daddy sneers. “I have a hand gun. The dogs won’t be the problem. The eight skulls and sixteen hands will.”
“A gun?” Mama frowns at Daddy.
Daddy views the boat. “The Regulator said any weapon is legal.”
“I will be hand to hand combat. We get one boat for the battle.” The storm clouds ramble then rain pours from the sky.”
Granny views the sky. “Even the elements are against us.”
I move towards the boat, handing out the weapons from the bag. “Naw! It’s a row boat. Mama and I will paddle rowing us around the water. Daddy kneels in the front while Granny and my sister kneel in the back to balance the sea craft. That’s the key staying balanced and out of the cold water. A hammer to Granny. A hatchet to little brother. Scissors for little sister. Mama gets the brush shears weigh. I get the broom handle and Daddy has the gun paired with the two fitness weighs.”
I shove my sister towards the dock. “Get into the boat.”
My sister doesn’t move. “I…feel sick.”
I lean into her. “You’re only scared. I’m scared, too. We’re here. Fight your fear! Conquer the Foci.”
My Mama blocks me. “Igala, I want to say. You didn’t do anything wrong. You’re not a criminal, here. We’re a family. We’ll deal with this battle, together.”
I fake a smile. “I love ya, Mama.”
“I love you, Igala,” my Mama hugs me then each member of our family.
I settle into the wobbling wood then hold the heavy oar with shaky hands when Mama leans into my face. “You stand behind Granny protecting her. Me and your sister will steer the boat. I can protect her best between me and your brother.”
“Yes, Mama!” I move behind Granny. Then, I lean over shoving the boat from the dock while Mama and my brother slowly row us towards Payney’s family.
I stand in the rear wrapping a weak arm around Granny for protection, holding the hatchet with my fighting hand. The boat rocks side to side making me dizzy.
The Vee-team boat advancing while chanting in song as bolts of lightning brightens a dark sky. The stadium thunderstorm is adding to the excitement of Foci.
I sway left then right then left feeling dizzy while closing eyelashes from the sea-sickness. I have never been a boat ride. This is rough with bouncy waves from the wind. Then, my hand looses from Granny’s arm when I stumble backwards falling into the cold water.
The rain hood and jacket inflate around my skull and body floating me over the water when waves crash over my face. I gasp for breath feeling rain drops water my chapped lips then hear shouts then screams.
I hear two gun shots while seeing blue clouds in the sky then blackness in my mind.

Foci Medical Ward. I awake to a smile. “Hey, gorgeous,” Ucal smiles, patting my hand.
“Hi, beauty,” Sigo smiles, holding my other hand.
Ucal nods. “You’re in the Foci Medical Ward. You’re okay. No broken bones! You fell out of the row boat like a bad sailor.”
I say. “My parents!?”
Ucal smiles. “They survived Foci. The Cee-team won. Your Daddy killed the two hunting dogs with the hand gun.”
Sigo chuckles. “Slick move!”
Ucal says. “Payney and her family didn’t. When Payney ordered her hunting dogs to attack your boat they leaped from the crowded boat then it capsized.”
Sigo says. “Payney can’t swim.”
Ucal says. “Apparently, none of Payney’s family members can swim. They all drowned.”
Sigo chuckles. “Yeah! it was really boring.” 
“Sigo!” I lift on elbows, wearing a hospital gown. “Where are my clothes? Do you undress me?”
Sigo chuckles. “I did.”
“I did.” The Medical-robot drones behind Sigo. “Gentlemen, time to leave before I call a Regulator.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Ucal stands.
“Wait!” I toss an arm.
Ucal smiles, kneeling and leaning into me. “Ah! The kiss, gorgeous.”
I frown. “You told me to pick water. You know that Payney couldn’t swim.”
Ucal frowns. “Naw. I know that Payney’s family was eight folks tight inside a tiny little row boat. Fate prevailed, gorgeous. They should’ve strategized, more wisely. Even physics can’t save eight fools.” He and Sigo chuckle.
Ucal says. “Your family conquered Foci. It’s over, Igala.”
“Wait!” I toss an arm.
“Ah. My kiss, beauty.” Sigo leans into my right cheekbone.
“No, Sigo! I was sick and dizzy. I fall out the boat.”
“Physics, again! You fall out the boat when you get dizzy because I have kissed your lips with a sleeping aid.”
I yell. “Ya drugged me.”
Sigo pats my arm. “Shh, beauty!”
Ucal smiles “I saved you and your family. Your row boat had too much weigh with all five of ya’ll. I even the odds, a lot.”
“Thank you, Ucal.” I smile.
Sigo holds my hand. “My kiss, beauty.”
“No kissing or hugging allowed in the medical unit. Please leave, gentlemen, now.” The medical-robot says.

My house. Living room. 9:01pm. We arrive by limousine exhausted and frazzled from our second experience at Foci. I lounge on the sofa resting my bones too drained climbing the stairs.
My Mama parks hands on hips before me. “How many girls were in the car?” I wish I have made that attempt to climb the steps into my room.
“Me, Payney, Alcoona…,” I frown. “Alcoona is my best gal pal. We’ve been friends since Teacher-robot lesson at six years old.”
My little brother dashes down the staircase, giggling. “I’m a hero on cellie.” He clicks on the plasma. “Everyone’s pinging us. We’re famous heroes. Can I ping back? You told me never to ping a strange, Mama.”
Jimmy Jones smiles. “A Cee-team has won Foci. There hasn’t been a Cee-team win Foci in 40-years. We have been attempting to contact the winning Cee-team. And, hope to have a live personal interview, discovering the Family name. Ya’ll know! We are not allowed to know the Family unit’s name or anything about the Family unit. But, I feel this is a rare exception.”
My Mama orders. “Please turn off the plasma. There has been too much excitement, this week.”
My brother whines, “Mama.
The door chimes then opens when two Regulators stand in the archway. The short Regulation says. “Good evening, Family Smith.”
Mama sneers. “We just left Foci.”
The short Regulator doesn’t smile. “You are not invited to Foci. May we come inside?”
Daddy nods. “Please.”
They sit together on the sofa. “Thank you.” The short Regulator views me. “The Regulator Society is always intrigued and interested in a young recruit that can handle a tense moment.”
My brother giggles. “You’re a robot.”
“I am not a robot. I am a human dressed like a robot. I do possess one or two emotions behind my shades.” The tall Regulator doesn’t smile.
The short Regulator views me. “Your Grandfather Smith was a Regulator.”
I view her. “Granny?”
Granny views the floor. “He quit then married me. We had a child to rise. He loved his new career, but loved me, more.”
The short Regulator views me. “Society is intrigued and interested in Igala joining the Regulator program.”
I view Mama. “Me?”
The tall Regulator views me. “The Regulator is schooled in numerous situations. You have demonstrated hidden talents in out maneuvering your opponents, twice. The society likes it when the Regulator regulate can out think a criminal.”
I panic. “I’m only seventeen.”
The short Regulator views my Daddy. “At the age of eighteen, you can become one of us. That is your decision, only.”
“Thanks for the invitation.” I giggle.
“Thank you, Igala Smith and Family Smith.” The Regulators stand then exit our house.
“I hate that word.” Mama stares at the limo.
My little brother asks. “Daddy, why didn’t you become a Regulator?
Granny says, sitting. “Your Daddy wasn’t offered. When Grandfather Smith quit Society, his application was withdrawn.”
I ask. “You know a Regulator?”
“Why did you ask, Igala?” Mama frowns at me.
I nod. “It does make sense. You knowing a Regulator?” I exhale. “Ucal!?”
“He’s a teen.” Mama frowns at me.
My Daddy nods. “My childhood friend became a Regulator then he married. Ucal is his son. Children of Regulators become Regulators. Everyone has to work, hold a job, and make a living it is the most logical choice.”
My little brother giggles. “They’re all robots.”
My Daddy says. “No, son! They’re human slightly altered at eighteen.”
“Altered, how? I wanna be one, too.” My brother smiles.
Granny views me. “What is your answer, Igala?”
Mama says. “The answer is bedtime for the Smith family. No more talk of Regulator, Foci and robots.”
“Ah, naw.” My brother frowns.
“Ah, yeah.” Mama fingers the steps.

My bedroom. I ring the cellette. “Alcoona, guess what? You won’t ever guess. I have been asked to join the Regulator. Is that cool or what?”
Alcoona frowns. “What happened to you in Foci? I thought you dead or something. Why didn’t ya call me?”
“I pretended to be death taking advantage of the fight.”
“You did that, very well. I have to remember that, sugar.”
“What’s your family going to do with two houses?”
“Don’t know.”
“I don’t want be a Regulator. You shouldn’t either. Your parents are smart re-gens paying for a good life. Just follow the common trend of your family.”
“Don’t know. I might be intrigued and interested in something new.”
Alcoona frowns. “Regulators didn’t like folks. They destroy people. The regulate Foci. Who in their right min would dress in copper? It’s ugly. I plan to marry Ucal.”
I giggle. “Ucal doesn’t notice or like ya, Alcoona?”
“He notices you. So’s, you notice Ucal to notice me.”
“I can’t tell Ucal what to do.”
“Sigo likes ya.”
“Sigo likes any female with breasts.”

Hall. Thursday. 7:59 am. I park the car, without incident galloping into the Hall. I enter seeing students stand and clap. Each teen gives me a hug or slap on the back.
Ethdamn says behind me. “Criminal.”
I don’t smile but stare at Mr. Tooter. “The winner of Foci, Igala. You’re one of the youngest folks to survive foci. Most of the kids and teens die first during battle. Did ya know that?”
“I…” do not say.
He motions. “Come up here, girl. Give us a blow by blow of the action.”
“I…,” do not say.
Alcoona says. “She fall outta the boat.”
Ucal smiles, sitting. “A feint.”
“I…,” do not say.
Sigo says. “A six foot row boat is for rowing.”
Ethdamn says. “She figured out the weight limit was 600 pounds.”
Ucal says. “That’s six teens, not eight adults. If you weigh it down completely, the waterline will be at the oars. It’d sink, if somebody so much as sneezes.”
“I…,” do not say.
Flossie smiles. “You were smart ditching out the boat, Igala. You were lucky the rain coat pockets inflated saving your life.”
“I…,” do not say.
Mr. Tooter slaps my collar bone. “Don’t be shy, girl! Put up last night’s recording. Let’s see the action, one more time.”
“Are you going to be on Foci tonight, Igala?” Alcoona smiles.

Society Ball. 5:46pm. The Family Smith has been invited to Foci for a third time, while the family wastes almost the entire hour waiting for a miracle or Ucal inside the chamber suits until a personal eight-box escort by Regulators into the dance. I stand in a purple gown in the archway, while my parents scurry to the wall. I can’t find the teen, so I skate to my Mama.
My Mama sneers. “This is a joke.” She looks at me. “How many girls were in the car with you?”
I scan the dance floor. “Four.”
My Mama views the ceiling. “Merciful angels in heaven. That’s mean two more Foci….for all of us. ”
I see him. “I’ll going to fix it, Mama.” I dash across the dance floor then slam into his mint green dinner jacket with both hands. Ucal smiles, leaning into my face. I sneer. “Don’t you dare kiss me! I have to fight for my parents to live and survive Foci.”
“I’m not going to kiss ya, gorgeous.” He chuckles. “I wanna to call Tag.” Then, the gong chimes ending the Society Bell. Ucal doesn’t hug me but says. “See ya in regulator office.”

Cee-chamber room. 6:15pm. I change out of the ball gown into my jeans and boots with the red T-shirt for a criminal. I wash off the raccoon eyes then dash out the bathroom, when Daddy’s grab my arm. “Where are going, Igala?”
“Ucal says.” I say, meekly.
He frowns. “Ucal!?”
I say. “Daddy, Ucal has been aiding me. Helping us. I trust him.”
“I trust Ucal, too. What does he advise?”
“For me to call something called…Tag.” I smile.
“Naw.” Daddy quickly gives me a hug and a weapon, his switchblade, since he’s never without it. And, I understand. I cover the smooth metal with my hand and then slide it into the jeans, faking a good smile at my family along with butterfly flutters inside a stomach. I back step, nodding. “I love you, Igala. Good luck, sweetheart.”
I hold back tears. “Daddy, will I see you…”
“Go on, sweetheart!” He nods, viewing the door.
I race down an empty corridor feeling my heart inside my throat then turn right. I stop at the closed doors searching for Ucal. He said wait. Naw, he said wait inside.
I slam open the door seeing empty seats as the Regulator stands. I truck down the empty aisle standing at the desk. “I call Tag.”
“You’re it…,” Ucal shouts from behind me, when I turn. He smiles, jogging to me. “She called Tag. We are a Tag for Family Smith.”
“Very well.” The Regulator views me.
“I call Tag.” Oressa yells from behind me prancing in evening gown, smiling at the Regulator.
“You’re it.” Ethdamn yells from behind. He stands tall, muscular, chocolate-skin beside Oressa. She elbows his chest, giggling.
The Regulator shuttles towards me. “You have intrigued Society, once again, Igala Smith. You have called tag along with the Vee-team. ‘Tag, you’re it’ is a simple child’s game where one player runs around chasing another until killed.”
I frown. “The one player runs around being chased until caught, ma’am.”
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “In Tag Foci, the opposing team is chased down until killed, Igala Smith. The arena is prepared. Please assume your Foci stations.”

Foci square. 7:03pm. Jimmy Jones smiles on camera. “Ladies and gentlemen! We have a Tag in Foci, tonight. The Cee-team will consist of two members against the two-players of Vee-team. Hmm! The Cee-team is allowed a choice of environment. Ironically, the red mud will be disguising all the red blood. O, well! We will offer bonus points for the vector. In mathematics, a vector is represented the size and the direction of a line. You calculate the direct line from the kill weapon to the body wound within one percent of the vector then we will reward points. Now! Let’s view the exciting bloody action in red mud.”
I stomp onto the wooden platform, viewing the sparkling red slimy earth element. “Why did you suggest for me to choose mud?”
Ucal walks beside me, laughing. “Look at Oressa, the dumb goddess.”
I frown. “Her outfit is a shiny silver metallic cat suit matching her thigh-boots. Nice fashion statement!”
He cuddles me, chuckling. “Stupid fashion choice! She’s going to slip and slide in the slick mud. We be in a pair of sturdy trusty cowboy boots good in rain, snow, ice and mud, babe.” He touches his cat whiskers on my cheekbone making me both thrill and chill.
I pull away, frowning. “How da ya know, Ucal? You have been spying on both Oressa and Payney. You’re cheating at Foci.”
He views Oressa and Ethdamn both his foe and her boy friend. “Foci is a cheat of every life that comes in here. I’m sick of this horse show.”
I pace away, folding arms while sneering. “You set me up.” I view Oressa. “O gawd! You arranged the car accident. You were driving the car directly behind tailing me, too closely. I couldn’t stop my ancient car then ran into the driver.”
Ucal shakes curls sideways. “You’re too smart for your own good, Igala. I participated in the car wreck. I didn’t arrange all this. Someone else did.”
I sneer. “I didn’t need your help, Ucal. You have helped me, enough. I’m grateful for your knowledge of Foci and saving my family, the first two times. This is a tag team with two killers. You kill him. I kill her. The end.”
I scoot away from Ucal when the gong chimes. I leap from the platform then roll into the mud seeing Oressa copy cat my move. She runs at me, sliding left in the mud then falls as I skip over the mud puddle. She stands then slips right when I lunge, missing. Oressa crawls over mud then stands on knees. Her shiny cat suit painted in red mud.
I pivot, bending at knees then lung at Oressa. Our bodies fall left then tumble around in the mud. I plant a boot left then slide on the mud falling on her chest. She grunts. I plant a boot right then stand and fall on knee when Oressa punches my stomach. I fold over hitting face in the mud. I sing. Then, I upright and stumble backwards on my back when she leaps and lands on top of me. We tumble. 
I roll her on the back then roll on my back, while reaching into a left pocket. I slide the switchblade out then tap the button.
I target her abdomen, the most common spot for a stabbing with a switch blade in my left hand pocket, since left-handed. We twirl over and over both her fingernails scratching my face.
The blade penetrates into fabric then hits skin below the belly button in the gut. I push the blade further through tissue, without touching a bone but punching the kidney while we tumble along the mud. Then, I jerk the blade from her belly feeling nothing but angry as she feels pain. She stuns with shock that her neurons can’t figure out then her eyes see the gory exposed pink tissue parts from her intestinal kissing my blade. The wound is an internal injury.
She crawls then twists on dropped kneecaps holding the belly, applying pressure with hands covered in red mud. I can’t tell the difference between the red mud and the red blood while scooting away from her. She holds the gut folding at her waist leaning towards the mud puddle. I view a knife covered in red sparkling blood hue.
I back away on knees, not seeing a break in fabric since the red clay covers both of us. The cut is deep, probably affecting the muscles, blood vessels, and organs. I can’t tell if her body parts are exposed, the red clay mud covers both of us. She drops her with tears running down a muddy face. I can’t see her perfect makeup as she dies of blood loss. I see only red mud.
I feel only numbness in my body then my hands shake as the mud drains between fingers.
“Igala…,” Ucal moans in the wind, when I view him.
He lies on his back while Ethdamn angles a raised hunting knife exposing his rib cage. I fling back then twirl the bloody switchblade towards Ethdamn. The blade hits and shreds the ribs when Ucal wrestles out a leg then kicks Ethdamn’s un-injured rib cage.
Ethdamn falls sideways embedding the switchblade into his rib, lungs, and heart. Ucal pulls him off his chest then twists on knees. He stands, waving an arm for victory.
However, the citizens do not cheer, not being allowed. The gong chimes completing Foci.
Ucal limps towards me with a black eye, a mouth blood, and busted ribs, while I view the electronic score board: 500,000 votes. Yay!
Then, I view the closed doors of the tunnel then climb the ladder as Ucal hugs the ladder, hollering. “We did it. You and me did it.”
I climb, mumbling. “Stay away from me.”

My house. Friday. 4:09pm. The door rings, when two Regulators stand in the archway.
My Mama blocks the door with her body, sneering. “We did our spell in Foci. Why can’t you just leave us, alone?”
“You are not invited to Foci.” The short Regulator doesn’t smile.
“Why are you here?” Mama sneers.
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “You are not invited to Foci. We would like to enter and discuss a very important matter?”
My Mama views my Daddy. He nods then she swings from the door. “Have a seat!” She back steps, parking on the sofa with me.
The Regulators sit on the sofa, together. The short Regulator views me, not smiling. “Congratulations, Igala Smith. You have survived Foci, twice.”
I stare at the short Regulator when Mama frowns. “You are here for a discussion. Please, just state your purpose then leave our house.”
The short Regulator nods. “Society would like Igala and Ucal to promote Foci.”
“Promote death!” Granny sneers.
My Mama says. “Foci is nothing but a death game for numb-minded individuals, without intelligent or morals or ethics or all three. Foci should be outlawed. Innocent parties are being slaughtered with their entire families over something. Because, this isn’t ethics. It’s just wrong!”
The short Regulator says. “Crime is a part of Foci. Foci is a part of death. Therefore, death is a part of life. Igala is a shining example of innocence overcoming true vanity, if I can use that word. Igala would be able to share her innocent personal success story with other citizens.” She views my Mama. “These same citizens, who share your same point of view, Mrs. Smith. Igala is a local heroine, saving her family, twice. Every citizen wants to chat with her hearing the precious angel tale.”
I exhale. “No.”
Granny views me. “No, child! The Regulator is sending a good message for the citizens. You are an example of innocent, who prevailed.”
I view my Mama. “I wanna finish Hall, get a re-generator job, and…”
Mama smiles. “I agree with Igala. She is only seventeen years old. She needs to move on with your young life, pondering her long future.” I nod then view the short Regulator.
The short Regulator says. “A scheduled tour of Foci has been arranged similar to the Society Ball with dancing, dinner, and socializing. The social hour will allow the citizens to see and learn that fallacy of injustice within Foci from one of the current survives. Ucal has accepted placement in the tour.
I exhale. “That’s some like fun but I have Hall. And, I have lots of homework projects to finish while determining which re-generator job I want to seek.”
The short Regulator doesn’t smile, viewing my Mama. “Ucal is a Hall student with many homework projects to finish, as well. He will be accessing them on his cellie, completing his assignments on schedule while graduating from Hall.”
“How long is the tour?” My Daddy asks.
The short Regulator views him. “Approximately six months, the tour of Foci is set in every major city without the Nation. Since, here in Beehamie, we had the distinct pleasure of viewing a young Tag-team fight saving the lives of the family unit.” My Mama views her hands as the Regulator pauses. “It is a rare feat, indeed!”
I view the Regulator. “Thanks! But, no thank you. I require lots of studying time finishing my homework projects. I would need complete them on time.” I view my Mama. “Thus, I would not be able to graduate Hall at my schedule time.”
The short Regulator views me. “The Tour of Foci is presented on a grand scale with limousines, re-designer gowns, re-designer food, and a merry atmosphere of dinner and dancing.
“You just said that.” I say.
The short Regulator views me. “You would not be required to attend any Foci events during the visitation.”
I view my hands. “I hate that word.”
The short Regulator says. “The Tour of Foci will pay all the coinage for transportation, hotel, food, and clothing. It could also compensate Family Smith for their child’s presence away from the household. And, Igala Smith could keep all her used wardrobe. Foci would have no use for the items.”
I feel the fabric sitting on the re-designer sofa from Oressa’s house. It was delivered this morning to my house, after my parents toured the house tearing apart valuables from junk. My Mama was all smiles and giggles with her early Christmas presents. I view the new re-designer furniture, too paid by souls of Family Chen.
My Mama leans into me. “Re-designers gowns!? They’re very expensive. Your sister is going to need gowns for her social events, not now, but later, when she is your age. Maybe, you could visit four or five cities socialize then return home. You will complete Hall, graduate, and then get a job.”
I view the Regulator. “I remember reading that the proper names of Vee-team and Cee-team are not ever revealed.”
My Mama frowns at me. “They saw you on plasma.”
I view the short Regulator. “From the height of the outer space, I was tiny dot of red on the television plasma or inside a cellette, Mama.”
The short Regulator says. “You are correct, Igala Smith. However, you have win Foci. You are free from any claim of crime. And, you have much to share with citizens of today. Your Granny lived during an ancient time with human judges and juries. The drastic comparison would generate lots of intrigue and interest among both the young and old regarding the concept of Foci.”
I nod. “I really appreciate the history lesson. But, I wanna finish Hall, and graduate and…”
The short Regulator says. “Your Tag-mate has agreed to the Tour.”
“Good for Ucal.” I say.
My Daddy leans into me. “Ya know! I trust that boy. And, you need to talk to someone you age about what happened in Foci. You can’t keep all the terrible mess bottled inside. You will explode. Ucal’s going though the same mental stress. I think it would be good for you to leave Beehamie for a little while.”
The short Regulator views my Mama. “Re-gen jobs are plentiful, but the best re-gen jobs require exceptional skills. The Tour of Foci would offer exposure of Igala Smith and her exceptional talents for all re-gen companies.”
My Mama leans into me. “There ya go, Igala. We served as a Cee-team. Foci didn’t expose us for privacy concerns. But, now, today, you should share your talents with the citizens. I will not tell you what to do, but I will strongly suggest that touring will greatly benefit the young kids, today.” She giggles. “They only listen to icons, idols, and heroines.” She smiles at the Regulator.
The short Regulator says. “Igala Smith, the heroine. What is your answer?”
I view Mama, she nods. I look at Granny, she smiles. I stare at Daddy, he smirks. Then, I view the Regulator. “Yes, ma’am! When does the touring start?”
The short Regulator says. “Tomorrow morning, the limousine will retrieve you from here to the first city of Mobillie.”

Saturday. Mobillie theater stage. 3:30pm. The first presentation is personal nice cheery salutations of Ucal and me, being the youngest duo survivors of Foci. The citizens are allowed to cheer, here while we parade around the platform stage of Mobillie, the first of many cities. Ucal and I dance the last song then bow to the crowd. A little girl presents to me a bouquet of flowers then Ucal smirks at me. He pulls me into an embrace for a kiss when I step around him exiting towards the hallway for a swift escape.
The MC says, “Thank you, the handsome young winners of Foci.”
The first tour of Foci is the southern town of Mobillie, Ucal and I sway during the last dance number. He smiles. “You are so beautiful, gorgeous.”
I giggle. “That’s a double…positive.”
He chuckles. “Hmm! A double pretty and better than a double negative, like you ain’t not gotta go to Foci. Serpents…”
I sour. “Do not wand on curse on us, Ucal!”
He frowns. “I’s so sorry. I’m very excited about explaining Foci from a human prospective, tonight.”
“The Master of Ceremonies story told both of our tales. What is left to do?”
“The human side, that’s left to reveal. The citizens need an understanding of the full impact of Foci from the other side, not seeing only black panels.”
“Why panels? Why are the panels black?”
“At first, the panels were clear colored and built for weird weather patterns of ice, rain, and storms to protect the attendees. No one cared about the Foci teams.”
“The fittest survives…”
He chuckles. “Something like that. Then, the clear panels were covered in so much blood that it was decided to build them black. There were plasmas inside the stadium for visual viewing. Then, when the cellie was invented everyone carried the communication device in a back pocket. So, Foci eliminated the plasma screens allowing folks to ping into their satellite network. A citizen could see Foci anytime of day.”
“It’s seven at night.”
“Naw, gorgeous!  In the early years, Foci was all day and all night, keeping them pits full with teams.” He chuckles. “The citizens could watch 24-hours. And, sometimes, the next set of two opposing teams would fight on top of dead bones and bodies. A true criminal element is violently vicious killing anyone and anything around them. The poor stupid Vee-mates didn’t have a chance against a real murderer. But, the citizens desired and demanded Foci. And, Foci replaced the legal justice system, completely by the year 2016. Then, the Regulator stopped folks from dancing over the skulls of the other dead people allowing the dead bodies all buried inside the tombs of marble, pink for good. White for salvation, I guess.”
“That’s sick!”
“That’s Foci.” He pauses. “In the early years, the Nation was plagued with thugs, thieves, rapists, murderers, even included medical professional, who cheated the government or people out with coinage or killed their sick patients. Foci allowed each criminal and each victim equal share to survive. I believe Foci started out good then escalated into madness.”
“So’s!?” I view the table filling with people for eating then view him. “Why are we touring? I don’t understand. And, your knowledge of Foci is both disturbing and delightful at the same time. Why can’t folks, just read it on their cellette?”
Ucal sneers, viewing the elegantly dressed citizens of Mobillie. “They don’t want to read, learn, comprehend, understand, just watch it on plasma.” He views me, smiling. “We…me and you…are giving it the personal, human touch. We’re going to share our emotions and feelings.”
I view my dress hem. “I…,” pause then view him. “I don’t feel like sharing my story, Ucal. I…am having problems accepting what I did. I killed an innocent person in Foci over myself.” I view the tables. “I don’t know if I can voice my true feelings. They’re so raw and emotional and confused, and sadness and happiness.”
Ucal nods. “I’m feeling the same way, gorgeous. I’m so glad you decided to accompany me on tour Foci.”
I smile. “I like the company and the cozy limo ride and my dress and my shoes.” I giggle.
He smiles. “After this, we can walk the sandy beach, feel the water, and talk about raw emotions. We do not attend any Foci events in any cities including here. How’s that sound, gorgeous?”
I smile. “Lovely, me and you in the moonlight…”
“Yeah! Me and you…,” he hugs me then pulls back. “Look! I’ll do all the storytelling. I have lots of stuff to share and express. How about ya nod or grunt or moan in the right spot?”
I nod. “Yes! I can do that. I feel much better doing that.” I view the people. “I really don’t want them searching my soul.” The gong chimes.
“Here we go, gorgeous!” He smiles then bows to me ending our dance.
“Criminal…,” says a figure in the rear of the dance hall as the little girl presents me a bouquet of flowers.
We stroll to the front table with the mayor and his family unit with a pair of fake smiles at the guest of honor table. He pulls the chair while I sit. I pick up my napkin, hearing. 
The elderly lady smiles at me. “I love your re-designer gown, my dear. Did you purchase it here in Mobillie?” I shake curls.
Ucal smiles at the elderly lady. “Your city is beautiful, here. We come from a beautiful city, too. We want to share personal experience with Foci…”
The middle-aged adult lady smiles at me. “I adore your dangling re-designer earrings. I want a pair. Is it from a re-merchant store here in Mobillie?” I shake curls.
Ucal smiles at the adult lady. “Igala only want into Foci because she was in a car…”
The elderly male eats, not viewing Ucal. “We know that. I need to know, if you and her are attending Foci, tonight? I have to bump someone from two seats. I didn’t like doing that. Folks pay good coins for seating. We hold seat passes for decades, here.”
Ucal sneers. “No.”
The young girl points at me. “Your re-designer purse is cute. I love it. It matches your pink gown. I love the color pink, too. I want one, Mama. And, I wanna pink gown, too.”
“Alright, darling!” Her Mama pats the young girl’s hand, smiling at me.
Ucal smiles. “Me and Igala went into Foci as a tag-team, because we were…”
The elderly woman eats, without viewing Ucal. “The MC presented us the stories. Do you have cellies for tonight’s Foci?” She views Ucal.
Ucal smiles. “I have heard of your beautiful beaches. We might be enjoying the water and sun? Is there a particular sandy spot we should picnic?”
The young girl views her Mama. “What beaches?” Her Mama shakes curls.
The elderly woman smiles at me. “We’ll not be joining you at the beach. We have to dress for our Society Ball. I love attending the food, the music, the gowns, the dancing. It takes me hours to paint my face, so perfectly.”
Ucal smiles. “Are there any entertaining spots that Igala and I should visit before we live the fair city of Mobillie for our next tour?”
The elderly lady says. “No.”
The young girl smiles. “Except, ya will want to see our Foci arena.”
The elderly lady nods at Ucal. “Very good point, darling! Foci starts here at five, two hours earlier. We live in a very criminal city. Ya’ll see. Therefore, we attend not one, but two Foci events during the evening.”
The middle-aged lady smiles at Ucal. “My husband re-generators both the cellettes and cellies. If you need one for Foci, I can arrange an immediate purchase? Is your cellette working, properly, honey? That’s the only way to vote in Foci.”
The young lady says to the middle-aged lady. “Ya’ll know. I heard that there are cities when the citizens shout their disapproving vote. Have you ever hurt anything so barbaric in your life?”

The limo. I exit the building with Ucal, hearing.
“Criminal,” a figure on the sidewalk beside the bushes as I stomp towards the limousine with four Regulators acting as guards and servants, not worrying about one single nutty citizen
I scoot inside next to Ucal. He views his hands. “They are barbaric. Foci is barbaric. The entire Nation is barbaric.”
I reach for his arm when he tosses it up. “This is why we’re here to share our…”
“I thought the citizens would be intrigued and interested in hearing about the real victims of Foci. Us…me and you…we fought and won in Foci.”
I say. “We were the criminals.”
“I was a victim. You were a victim. Foci labeled us criminals, but we were the victims of his Foci madman.”
I smile. “Is this the first of many cities? Ya’ll know. Maybe, we can rotate back after we have told our stories to the entire Nation.”
Ucal views his hands. “There is no crime in bumping into a car. There is no crime when the damaged car is paid. There is no crime when no one individual gets hurt.”
I smile. “I concur with all that.” I nod then touch his arm. “We can go on the beach. I’ve never been to the beach. Is it pretty? And, we can share our personal feelings. Ya know, walk and talk about tonight and other nights.” I frown. “I really need to express my stress, frustration, concerns.” I view the window. “Is the beach this way? Where are we going?”
Ucal views the window. “Naw. We’ going back to the hotel. I got Hall homework to do.”

Mobillie hotel suite. I waltz through a guarded door into the suite then stop as the door automatically closes.
Sigo smiles at me, laughing. “Where’s your raccoon eyes?”
I giggle, standing. “They eliminated the makeup for all the flash bulbs on my pretty smile.”
“Ya have pretty smile, beauty.” He smiles.
I park hands on hips, giggling. “What are your doing in my suite?”
“Technique, I’m in the sitting room.” He smiles. “I’m sitting in the room, not your cozy warm bedroom.” He fingers the closed door of the bedroom.
I frown, pacing to the sofa. “How did ya get into my suite. You must leave, Sigo. You and I will get in trouble.”
He stands in jeans and boots, moving towards me. “Naw. We be teens. Teens didn’t get into trouble.” He chuckles, grabbing my arm. “I’s stealing ya.”
“Stealing me, to where?”
“The Mobillie Bay.” He shoves me to the dumb bar lift near the bathroom. “Stuff your tuff…,” he giggles. “…inside, beauty.”
“I can’t fit a dress.”
Sigo lifts while I struggle into the square, without facing him. He lowers the dumb bar slowly. Then, I land on the floor, hearing rats scurry and mice squeak. “The dungeon.” I crawl out standing near the wall when Sigo finally appears, chuckling.
He crawls from the dumb bar, smiling. “We leave through the freight entrance into the alleyway. No one’s there.” He holds my hold, leading then we emerge on a sidewalk of flowers and low bushes surrounding retail shops.
“Where are the people?” I view the street.
“At the auditorium eating and drinking and merry making..,” he pulls vines whipping them into a circular flower headband, crowning me while chuckling. “I official dub thee, my beauty.”
I grab and pop the rose on his forehead, giggling. “My beast.”
“Grrr..,” he cuddles me, sniffing my perfumed neck while we walk the sidewalk, alone and together.
I watch behind for any prowling Regulators, seeing nothing.
I touch the smooth leaves of trees then soft pedals of flowers then the rough thorns of low bushes while Sigo swings my hand back and forth, smiling. I view him. “What are you going to do after Hall?”
He chuckles. “Be one dimensional.”
I smile. “What does that mean?”
He chuckles. “Some folks say we live our life, one dimensional.” We sit inside the wooden gazebo near the flowers.
Sigo cuddles me as I say. “But, the world’s presented in three dimensions, width, depth, height. How can a person be one dimensional?”
“Becoming a re-gen. The work is re-designing something that someone has already created. The repeating pattern makes people one dimensional, I guess from an intellectual point of view. A person can’t be creative. They just do the same thing over and over, again until the day they die.”
I frown. “Like my parents! They’re re-generators of something.” I view him. “Ya know! I don’t know what my parents re-design for their work.”
“There ya go! A good example of the one dimensional man and woman with kids,” He chuckles.
I frown. “I don’t wanna be one dimensional. How would I prevent that becoming that?”
“Can’t escape it.” He smiles.
“I can escape it. I will escape it. Don’t ya want to be something else besides a re-gen?”
He cuddles me, “I wanna be one dimensional happy. That’s all.”
“And, how will you accomplish that, Sigo?”
“Becoming a cowboy with a horse ranch, but I need some land. If I work wisely, I might be able to save and buy some property. But, a horse ranch needs a cowgirl.” He smiles, stroking my hand.
I frown. “How about becoming a Regulator? They like young folks recruiting young people for a long time job. I guess until the end of time.”
He smiles. “Naw. They got a tough job. I wanna do something, easier.”
I ask. “Do you think that the Regulators destroy people? They regulate Foci where the victims and criminals live or die.”
“Foci is needed. It controls people from becoming criminals. My Granddaddy used to talk about the evil in this world, when folks died for no good reason, but greed and vanity of property and money. Now, Foci remind folks that a greedy act means good-bye for the entire bear clan.” He chuckles.
I stop, staring at him. “I was inside Foci. I didn’t do anything wrong, Sigo but crinkle a rear bumper of a car.”
He cuddles me. “And, you won. Fair and square, and all that! Oressa, she was a wrong-way witch. That’s being put mildly. She didn’t claim Foci on ya and your family, Igala when ya hit their car. Why ya hit Oressa’s car? Can’t ya drive, beauty? Tell ya what? I’ll drive ya to school, to home, to the park.” He smiles.
I shake curls sideways. “She was inside my car with me as a passenger in the rear seat. I was at fault hitting the front car.”
He views the sidewalk then me. “O! That’s strangely weird. You didn’t hit their hover car. Hmm! Oressa’s mama and daddy did that. That’s the way Foci works. Kids under eighteen are minors in the eyeballs of Society. We’re protected by our parents. Oressa’s parents screwed up that decision and died. End of a tragic tale. You and your parents are not that dumb, beauty. They know what they want in life.”
“They do. They’re good parents to me.”
“And, I know what I want and who I want.”
“Who?” I giggle.
He swings my hand. “I wanna graduate, be a re-gen, get married, have a kid, grow old, and finally die happily.”
“Me, too.” I cuddle into his chest.
He fingers the water. “This is Mobillie Bay.”
I frown at the bluish-green waves of ocean and sugar white sands reflecting from the sun, “Water!?”
We move from sidewalk to sand. “I used to come here as a child, playing in the sizzling sun, salty air. Have you ever been, beauty?”
I smile. “No.” I remove sandals feeling sand for the first time, soft, rough, heated then pad into the water feeling cool, salty, and grassy with sea moss.
I hike my dress showing feet then walk backwards into the water, giggling while Sigo smiles. “Beauty, come back!”
I back step in ankle deep water when he waves hands, “Come back to me, beauty.” 
I back step in knee-deep water getting part of the hem wet. Sigo doesn’t smile. “Igala, there’s a big wave coming.”
I swing behind seeing a single wave of high surf when two hands wrap around my waist lifting me from the water. The wave plows into Sigo’s T-shirt while he chuckles. “Good one!” he slowly lowers me down in the sand when I notice the blue water surrounds us.
I frown. “O, no. I’m stuck on the sandbar.”
He smiles. “O, no. We’re stuck on the sandbar, together.”
I view him, smiling. “How do we get off the sandbar?”
He chuckles. “We don’t get off the sandbar!”
I frown. “Sigo!?”
He smiles at me. “We have to wait for low tide.”
I view the water then the beach. “How long until low tide?”
He chuckles, pulling me close. “In about thirty minutes or so, then we walk on water to sand like a Greek god and goddess, beauty.”
“So’s, what do we do for thirty minutes or so?”
He smirks. “O, no! I don’t know.”
“O, no! I do know.” I smirk.

Foci satellite station. Ucal is escorted by two tall Regulators standing between two additional short Regulators. The tall Regulator fingers the monitor. “There. She’s there. Where is she? And, who is he?”
Ucal chuckles, viewing the tall Regulator. “Duh! Ya be really dumb, dude. She’s a girl. He’s a boy. And, they’re doing girl and boy things on a sandbar.”
The short Regulator watches the kissing. “Why are you not with Igala, Ucal?”
“She don’t like me, sir.” Ucal views the floor.
The tall Regulator studies Ucal. “You and her are the winners of Foci. You and her are the couple of the Foci. You and her should be together on the sandbar. Why is this not happening?”
Ucal views the monitor. “She don’t like me, sir.”
“How did she get out suite?” The tall Regulator asks.
The short Regulator views the monitor. “Igala is an invited guest of Foci. She can attend any part of the city without our escort.”
The tall Regulator views the monitor. “Ucal, retrieve our invited guest before the sunset!”
“Yes, sir.” Ucal back steps then exits the room.
The tall Regulator two-steps towards the short Regulator. “Congratulations, Regulator! You have proven the hard evidence, without any doubt the citizens love Foci. I am recommending phase two be implemented, immediately.” He views the closed door.  “And, I believe we need to get her undivided attention away from any and all external influences for Ucal’s sake.” The short Regulator nods then back steps, exiting the room.
Ucal stands in the dark hallway watching the short Regulator pace down an empty hallway then dashes behind. He taps on the collar bone, saying. “Mama.”
The short Regulator twists around, smiling. “Ucal, sweetheart!”
“Mama,” Ucal scans the empty hallway then her. “What’s going on here? I did what you asked. Igala competed in Foci, winning. Why’s she being monitored by Society? She hasn’t done anything wrong. She and her family are just one of many winners of Foci. Why is Society focusing on her?”
She smirks. “Are you jealous that Sigo is with Igala?”
Ucal views the flooring. “Naw. He’s competition. She likes him and me.” He smiles at his Mom. “I’m not really worried.”
“I’m proven to Society that the citizens love Foci. That was my experiment using Igala and her family members.”
He frowns. “That sounds like a sick madman science experiment, Mama! I didn’t understand your ploy. The citizens watch Foci at home on plasma or inside the bleachers like spiders.”
“The citizens crave blood-lust. Foci feeds the blood-lust. A citizen is like a hunter waiting on the deer. During your Grandfather’s time, a hunter would hide among the branches in the tree for hours, sometimes days, waiting for a buck to graze the grass below…,” she views him, “just to destroy the creature.”
“I learned from Teacher-robot that ancient hunters hunted does and bucks for food, skin, and entertainment, Mama.”
“Today, food is re-generated. Clothing is re-generated. Animals are not kept and caged for torment or exhibition. And, hunting is outlawed unless you own land acres. The citizens are not entertained unless they focus on Foci. You have heard them. They are silence, only breathing while watching and anticipating the first cry of pain. The last fling of blood. The flood of anguish.”
He chuckles. “That’s a scary horror picture show, Mama.”
She frowns. “This is the reality of Foci, a reality horror show, every night for your viewing pleasure on plasma.”
He chuckles. “And, that’s sounds like a slick ad for the scary horror picture show, Mama. 
She frowns. “At first, Foci served a purpose, a good purpose. The victims were satisfied and vindicated. I mean really. How can a family ever been satisfied when a love one is killed by a drunk driver? Or she is murdered over possessions? Or he is killed over money? Foci eliminated those terrible acts of crime. But, then foci became the crime, itself. Any minor incident, a bent car fender, a spit on the sidewalk or a shove through the door then the victim, too easily identified a criminal. Society dictated every victim and criminal mercifulness fought and try to survive in Foci.”
He views the wall. “Igala was an innocent victim, not a murderous criminal.” He stares at her nodding. “I see very clearly, now, Mama. Igala only tapped the other car’s rear bumper but the victim’s family still claimed Foci.”
“Yes! The Vee-team wanted the Cee-team’s family homestead property, bank accounts, and other material possession. Foci wasn’t meant to gather assets, Ucal. It was set up for the victim’s family to use the newly acquired assets as the compensation of loss life. A loss life can’t be priced tag or brought or compensated in my opinion. A loss life is gone, never to return.” She exhales. “But, some folks feel it serves a greater purpose.” She views the floor then inhales, staring at her tall son. “I’m going to destroy the blood-lust coming from Foci, Ucal.” She says. “Even, if it means destroying Foci, itself.”
He nods. “And, I’m going to help ya, Mama. How does Daddy feel?”
She nods. “The same…,” she pauses. “However, some of our kind do not feel, because they don’t possess any other emotion, except for the blood-lust.”
“Mama, the Regulators are powerless. They simply are puppets on a string. They’re only massagers.”
“Massagers of death!” She sneers. “Once, I’ve destroyed Foci. The Regulator will be established as an old-fashion law authority of the land doling out justice and reward of peace, not pious.”

The middle of the Foci tour is the northern city named Huntshillie, performing our same old song and dance for the citizens, Society, and Foci. The dance song ends the waltz with Ucal and I then we part and bow with a pair of fake smiles. Ucal escorts me from the dance floor towards the guest of honor table.
“Criminal…,” says a figure in the rear of the dance hall. “Criminal! Criminal!” A group of Regulators escort the group of demonstrators out of the dance hall while Ucal and I sit at the guest of honor table.
The elderly male chews then smiles at me. “This is the best re-designer steak, tender, juicy, almost with a touch of sweetness. I don’t recall having meat like this. Did it come from our local re-merchant?”
The middle aged adult man shakes skull. “Naw.” Then, he eats.
The young adult lady smiles at me. “The re-designer vegetables are fabulous, crisp, vividly pretty. Can I purchase these here? What is the name of the re-merchant?”
The middle aged adult man shakes skull. “Naw.” Then, he eats.
Ucal smiles. “I wanna share our personal involvement in the Foci arena with ya’ll.”
The young girl fingers the plate. “I like the mashed potatoes, best. They’re smooth and yummy.” She giggles.
The elderly male asks. “Where can I purchase this delicious meat? I wanna serve it at our Foci events.”
The middle aged man smiles. “In Beehamie, the food stuff came with them.” He fingers Ucal.
Ucal smiles. “That’s correct. We’ve been traveling around the Nation offering our good food and our great stories. I wanna share one with good folks, this evening. Igala was in a car accident that placed her inside Foci.”
The elderly lady frowns at Ucal. “A car accident is an awesome experience. Was it in Beehamie?”
Ucal smiles. “Yes, ma’am! The car accident was only a fender bender. No other passengers were hurt. But, Igala still was invited to Foci. That isn’t fair or justice.”
The elderly lady frowns at Ucal. “This isn’t fair or just. I feel the same way.”
Ucal smiles. “Yes, ma’am! This is why we are touring around the Nation to tell our story. We want to share our experience in Beehamie for Foci.”
The elderly smiles at Ucal. “That’s absolutely wonder to hear, young man. There are nice proper young gentlemen left in our world. Dear, we are going visit Beehamie?”
Ucal frowns. “Please, excuse me, ma’am! I don’t understand your question.”
The elderly lady smiles at her husband. “Dear! This young man has invited to Foci in Beehamie. I can’t wait to try more of the wonderful food entrees. Do you have chicken and lamb? I like lamb. You don’t receive too much lamb, here. And, we only sit in the prime seats during the Foci event. We have held our passes for decades, here in Huntshillie. Haven’t we, dear?”
The young girl frowns. “I wanna go, Grandmother. I’ve never been out of the city. Is Beehamie a real bad criminal town?”
The adult lady fingers me. “They were in Foci. Do you perform one or two Foci events? I have heard of two in one night.” She laughs. “That really is passed my bedtime for my children, but they do well on the bonus math points. They have advanced two academic grades.” 
“Please, excuse me!” Ucal stands, slamming the napkin into his uneaten food then leaves.
The middle aged male views me. “What other entrees does your Society Ball serve to the folks?”

Limo. I scoot into the rear bench, alone, admiring the clean mats. I miss my little brother’s science projects, my little sister’s songs, my Mama’s kisses and my Daddy’s hugs. I agreed to the Foci tour for my parents, not me. They didn’t crave the spotlight.
Foci illuminates full undivided attention, when you win or when you lose. I shiver thinking my family almost dead lying inside Cee-building.
I am far away from home and my feet hurt from dancing in the re-designer sandals. I view the window. “I wanna go home.” I view my dress. “I wanna go home.”
Huntshillie hotel suite. I stomp with four Regulators into my guard private suite. I fling sandals on the floor, shuffling to the vanity bureau. I remove the gem stones from my hair, hearing.
“I have it, miss.” Sigo chuckles.
I smile, looking at his reflection in the vanity bureau’s mirror. “And, I want it, sir.”
Sigo doesn’t move. “Naw. You come and get, miss.”
I sit, giggling. “Naw. You come and take it, sir.”
He dashes wrapping arms and kissing the top of my hair. “Sigo, you getta leave. The Regulators haven’t seen or caught ya, boy. But, the day is sunny.” Sigo holds my hand leading me towards the big walk-in closet. I giggle. “Your secret make-out room is the closet.”
“Naw. But, that’s a good one, beauty.” He chuckles. “There’s a secret door in the rear of the closet moving us along side the bedroom wall then we hit another secret door. Then, we be free from the antebellum Regulators.”
“How do you know this, Sigo?”
He smiles, raising the cellie. “These passages were used by the slaves during the Ante-bellum times, so’s they wouldn’t be seen by snobby visitor-neighbors to the cotton plantation.”
“I’m your slave.”
“Forever, beauty.”
“My feet are bare. I forgot my shoes.”
He views my dress. “Hmm! I went more than feet bare, this round.”
“Where are we going?”
Sigo squats removing a panel, sliding the wooden handle then the wall magically opens. We exit into the kitchen smelling cooked food then scurry into the back yard.
Sigo cuddles and lifts me over the soft manicured grass, forgetting shoe. “The Huntshillie Peak.” We dash into the horse barn dropping me on hay.
He places the foot stool beside the horse for my feet. I can ride but not normally in a three-feet wide plantation gown. He lifts me onto the saddle as I spread the gown from horse’s mane to rump smoothing the silk from my legs. I lift the reins as Sigo mounts then leads towards the worn dirt path. “Race ya to the pond.”
I lean into horse hair, giggling being a good rider. “I don’t know the location of the pond.”
“The mare does. Loosen the reins! She’ll follow her stable mate.” Sigo kicks the horse.
The mare soars over the grass, through the stream, down the dirt path, then jumps the low brushes, and finally stops at the edge of murky pond covered in lilies and frogs.
Sigo slides off the horse then holds arms when I dump into his face, giggling. He smiles. “Caught me, a beauty.”
“Where are we?”
“The Huntshillie peak is right over yonder.”
“A peak is on top of a mountain. I can’t climb in this gown.”
He wraps an arm around me. “You can do anything in that gown, beauty.” Sigo stands at the edge of a slope then releases my hand.
He leaps, first then rolls. He stands wiping yellow grass from his clothes then views me.” Jump, roll, and stand! Easy!”
“No! I…am not jumping from the edge. I…am rolling in this dress. And I am not…”
He chuckles, holding arms. “You got more cushion in that dress then skinny me. Jump, beauty! I’ll catch ya.”
“You too far away, Sigo!” I view the landscape. “There’s nothing here but yellow meadows and colorful wildflowers, Sigo! What’s there to do or see? I confuse.”
“I beg! There’s something to do and see. Come on down, beauty! I wanna show it to you.”
“No.”
“Back up three paces then run like doe, then leap like frog. Fling your arms like a bird then roll into a ball but don’t hit your skull.” He chuckles. “That’ll hurt. So’s, just land on your shoulder, beauty.”
I frown. “Ya like to hunt beasties.”
He smiles. “I love to hunt beauties. Join me, Igala! Come on, girl!” He views the low sun. “I don’t have all day!”
“Fine!” I back step three paces then exhale, then inhale. I stomp and leap from the edge, screaming. I fall flapping arms then tuck into a roll hitting the shoulder on the sofa meadow grass then moan. I roll and stop on my back feeling a cushion of soft velveteen.
Sigo stands over me, chucking. “The meadow is soft. It’s a special blend of weeds and grass which’s soft like a kitten and tall like a bush.”
“Ah!” I spread legs and arms like a snow fairy when Sigo lands on top of me, kissing.

Desoso Cavens. The last tour of Foci in the eastern city of Desoso, Ucal and I will go home to Beehamie. Sigo has saved me from another boring night of Hall homework, while I touch the stalagmite in the cave, “The most beautiful formation.”
“Yeah.” Sigo touches my other hand.
“So, cool!” I touch the waterfall.
“So, hot!” He touches my other arm.
He touches the black sequins on my dress. “I like this gown, best. Can ya keep it?”
“I guess.” I view the cave while we walk. “So, cold.”
He touches my arm. “So, heated.” He chuckles.
“The cave is cold in temperature to me.” He removes his jacket placing over me. “I didn’t realize a cave was so dark. Where are going?”
Sigo chuckles. “The belly of the beast.”
I giggle. “And, what’s inside the belly of beast?”
“Me and you, beauty.” Sigo reaches the ledge then lifts me over. Then, he wraps an arm around me, guiding us through the darkness.
“The belly of the beast has light illumination. Is there glowing algae or another glowing critter, here?”
“Just, a beauty and a beast.”
I stop, viewing the objects. “Candles in a square with a picnic basket of food.”
“Thanks, kindly!” He lifts me over the fire then stands in the middle. “Ya didn’t eat supper. Right?”
“Naw. Ucal was highly suspicious. I normally consume every type of meat, vegetable, and dessert. When I skipped, tonight, he looked a little worried.”
We sit on the blanket then eat. “I should be a little worried.”
I giggle. “Why would you worry, Sigo?”
He views the food. “I…I just don’t want to get caught.” He views me. “…with you out, too late.”
I smile. “I wouldn’t be too concerned. The Regulators didn’t seem to notice that I’m absent during the evening hours, especially when you find and use a secret passage way. I didn’t realize there were some many old buildings left in the cities.”
he nods, feeding me. “That’s part of re-designing a building. The new buildings in the early part of this century were really cheap material crumbling and tumbling down onto the streets. A re-designer only locates the structures that have lived through hurricanes, floods, blizzards. Then, those old buildings are gutted and re-generated for a new business or family unit. My home is like that. You home is like that.”
“Wow! I’m impressed, Sigo.”
“I…I have something to impress you, beauty.” He smiles. “I graduated, today.”
I hug and kiss him. “Today!? Congratulations! I was wondering how you were attending Hall while sneaking around entertaining me. And, I really appreciate you sneaking around and entertaining me, too, beast.”
He chuckles. “Me and Ucal get electronic classes through our cellies. Me and Ucal are neighbors, first and friends, second. We’ll be doing stuff together, since birth.”
“His Mama is a Regulator.”
“His Daddy, too. That was one reason we kinda grow up like brothers. He would come over to my house learning with Teacher-robot along with me.”
“That’s why ya don’t the Regulator.”
“I think the Regulators are important components in our society. They keep peace and order. But, I don’t wanna be one even thou I turned eighteen.”
“When did ya do that, Sigo?”
He smiles. “Today!”
I hug him. “Happy birthday, Sigo! I’m so silly. The only way to graduation is to be eighteen years old. What’s your plans, now?”
He smiles. “I’m been offered a re-generation job in food production.”
“Is that what you want?”
He chuckles. “A food job, where I re-design food.” He pats belly. “I like to eat. Now, I can re-design it, clone it, and eat it, all at the same time.” I giggle. “The re-generation company is located outside of Beehamie along the beautiful wild and free countryside. I get a house, a plot of land, a car, and paid, very well. I can even get a horse or two.”
I smile. “Congratulations! That’s your life’s dream. When do ya start working?”
“Well, I can start, tomorrow, but I was thinking of putting it off for another day or two. Ya know! You and Ucal are going back to Beehamie, tomorrow.”
I smile. “I’ll see before you depart for the country.”
He frowns. “Naw.”
I frown. “No! You’re going to leave before I say good-bye.”
He smiles. “I don’t ya to say good-bye, Igala. I wanna ya to come with me.”
I shake curls sideways, eating. “You’re leaving for home, tonight. I can’t be absent then the Regulators will suspect something. And, then I’ll be tossed back into Foci. Honestly, I can’t take around round of Foci. I have experienced and survived too many rounds of Foci.”
He kneels, presenting an object. “I wanna marry you, beauty.”
I part lips then smile. “Aw! A white cupcake with pink hearts.”
He frowns. “I don’t have a ring for ya, since I’ll been hiding out from the Regulators while spying on you. I love you, Igala. Please marry me, beauty.”
“I wanna marry you, beast. But, I’m not eighteen. I have another two months.”
“We tell our parents then get married. There’s a Hall near the re-generation company. You can attend classes then graduation. Then, you can get a re-gen job at the food company. And, then we live happily ever after with our two horses, three dogs, and one child, all in that order.” He chuckles.
I stand, moving towards the wall. “Sigo, have you been visiting the presentations, the dances or the dinners?”
He stands, wrapping around me. “Naw! I can’t stand seeing you dancing with Ucal. It makes me, jealous.” He snuggles, “Grrrr.”
I giggle then sour, viewing the wall. “You don’t hear the nasty remarks.”
He cuddles me. “What nasty remarks?”
I view him. “Some people have been shouting out the word, criminal during the Foci presentations.”
He chuckles. “Well! It’d be a crime, not to marry ya, beauty.”
I slap his arm. “More than some people, groups of people…”
He frowns. “Is Ucal concerned or the Regulators?”
“No.”
“Then, you don’t worry about it. Some folks complain about everything, the wind, the rain, the sun.” He kisses me. “I ignore it. Think about us, beauty! We be leaving Beehamie, tomorrow, right after our wedding.”
“I love you, beast.” I kiss him.

Society Ball. 5:55am. I sit in a red gown beside Ucal, giggling at his lame jokes during our short trip from Desoso to Beehamie, then the limousine stops.
Ucal views the Cee-building. “What the fudge?” He slides out the bench, standing as I exit.
“Ucal!?” I frown.
Eight Regulators march in formation from Cee-building towards us. The first Regulator stops and doesn’t smile. “You are invited to Foci. Please follow me! Please do not resist.”
“How about retort my displeasure and surprise?” Ucal walks beside the first Regulator, whispering while I march behind them.
We are led into the Courthouse building of the Regulator office. I stand beside Ucal. The Regulator stands behind the desk. “Please select an environment!”
Ucal shouts. “What’s going on here? Why are we here? What have we done?”
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “Please select an environment.
I scan the flooring then view the Regulator. “Horses. We select grass and horses.”
“Accepted. The Society Ball is in progress. Please enjoy the music, food, and dance.” The Regulator doesn’t smile. We back step then swing towards the Society Ball.
I enter scanning for my family members, making it hard with 
Sigo storms from the entrance door then shove hands behind Ucal. “What the fu…fudge is going on here, Ucal?”
Ucal swings around. “What’s your probe, bro?”
Sigo frowns. “My probe is a Regulator up my jeans. I was hauled and hog-tied then delivered here….like a criminal.”
“Join my nightmare.” I fold arms.
Ucal chuckles, touching the fabric. “I like your cute aqua-marine dinner jacket. It matches your pretty eyeballs.” He views Sigo. “We got the same treatment.” He views me. “Why ya pick horses, Igala?”
Alcoona pulls behind Ucal, giggling. “Delicious horse meat for lunch, tomorrow. I love ponies. Neigh. Neigh.”
I frown, viewing Ucal. “That’s why?”
Sigo backs steps from Ucal then runs at Alcoona. “Naw. Naw. Go to hell, Alcoona!”
Alcoona back steps from our huddle for protection, laughing. “Naw. Been there, don’t like it. So, I returned.” She back pedals towards her family members.
“What is going…,” Sigo trails Ucal.
Ucal dashes towards the first exit when five tall Regulators block the space. He frowns, cussing then two-steps towards the second exit when five tall Regulator block the opening. Ucal orders. “I want Regulator 1990.”
I frown at Sigo. “I didn’t know they were numbered.”
“Me, either.” Sigo nods, watching the Regulators.
“Enjoy the music, food, and dance, sir.” The middle Regulator says, not smiling.
Ucal pulls me from the exit. “It doesn’t take monkey brains to figure out Alcoona’s behind the fourth Foci. She has watched and waited for her chance. Well! Her chance ain’t never coming, either. Why ya here, Sigo?”
Sigo frowns. “Alcoona passed me on the highway then slammed on her brakes. Of course, I plowed into her hover car leaving a moon crater. She didn’t leave the car, instead a car of Regulator seized me like a package of T-bone steaks. I’ll be here for hours wondering and worrying about ya’ll in the Cee-building suite. I am alone. My family is not here.”
I view Ucal. “Where’s my family, Ucal?”
Ucal views the flooring then me. “I do believe you and I have started a new trend in foci killing, gorgeous. The Tag-team. I guess they’ve nicknamed it, T-team.” He giggles. “The tag Foci was in play for me and you, Igala.” He views Sigo. “Ya called tag, too. Didn’t ya, Sigo?”
Sigo nods. “Yeah! I did. I know enough that a tag removes my family from the Foci killings field.”
Ucal nods. “Alcoona gets a double-claim at Foci, two families, instead of one. That’s seems to be a new trend, too.”
Sigo nods. “Yeah! It does times two. And, that makes the odds three against six.”
I part lips. “Six!?”
Ucal moves me towards the sofa. “A tag is always two members making Alcoona and five males.”
We sit. “Dang! This isn’t a fair fight.” Sigo views me.
I winking and punching his arm. “Don’t worry your fanny about me, cowboy. I can spit, shot, and saddle any beast.”
Sigo chuckles. “I love…,” he views Ucal. “I love your pretty freed spirit, beauty.”
I check the cellette. “Two-minutes left before Foci.” I view my dress. “I don’t have a pair of jeans or boots. I only get this stupid dress. I’m not going to battle really great in a dress.”
“We battle on the run, hon.” Ucal smiles, pulling me from the sofa.

Foci square. 7:01pm. Jimmy says. “Serpents, brood of vipers! You are condemned to Foci. Let the event begin!” 
The tunnel opens open. The crowd views their individual cellettes or cellies watching Foci in utter silence, when I step onto the wooden platform. Sigo and Ucal surround me, protecting me.
I lean into him. “Ucal, do you see what I see?”
“Yes.” Ucal smiles.
Sigo leans into me, singing. “Do ya see what I…see?” He smiles and sings, again. “Do you see what I…see? That’s a Christmas song. I like. Kinda like your name, I gala. I gay…,” he sniggers. “I glad ya’ll cane...came…come. I glad ya is here. See! I forced it to rhyme on a dime.” He chuckles.
“Shut up, Sigo!” Ucal orders.
“Just helping.” Sigo views the grass.
“Just harming.” Ucal views the horses.
I say. “These horses are Lippizan stallions, Sigo. They perform acrobatic feats.”
Sigo frowns. “O!” Then, he smiles. “Ooo…they fly through the air with the greatest appease…appeal…apple.” He views his buddy. “What’s the freaking word, Ucal?”
“Stop being an ass for two whole seconds, bro.” Ucal says.
Sigo smiles. “I like being an ass for two whole years, then I move up to asshole, just like Ucal for the rest of my life.”
“Sigo, we’re going to escape from Foci on the stallion horses. Can ya ride a horse?”
Sigo part lips. “What in the hell? I’m a cowboy, man. I can ride any beast or…babe.”
“Shut it, Sigo.” Ucal orders.
Foci speaker says. “You are condemned to Foci.”
Ucal sneers. “I am being to hate that stupid phase.”
Sigo smiles, holding an object. “I have changed my mind about the Regulators. They are really stupid. Since, they didn’t search criminals. But, they should.”
Ucal frowns. “Hot dang it, boy! A box of real flaming matches. What ya doing with a box of matches, Sigo?”
Sigo winks at me. “I be having myself a grand birthday party, without ya, Ucal! It was my birthday, yesterday.”
Ucal slaps Sigo’s back. “Congrats, bro! I’ll kiss your ass after I kill Alcoona.”
Sigo cuddles me. “You’re so smart, beauty. You remembered the candles.”
I giggle. “Yeah! And, I remembered that Alcoona’s Daddy has horses. But, I didn’t know what particular breed. With only one hour to prep the arena, the Regulators must use resources from the Vee-team.” I view Ucal, smiling. “Didn’t ya know that one, Ucal?”
Ucal shakes curls sideways. “I really don’t give a damn, now.”
Sigo shakes the matches. “We set the horses’ tails on fire.”
I say. “Naw. You will not harm those beasties. We set Alcoona long black hair on fire.”
Ucal smiles. “I like.”
Sigo frowns. “You’re evil, girl.”
I giggle. “Six rounds of Foci makes a girl vicious.”
Ucal frowns. “This is your fourth Foci.”
I smile. “The number four isn’t evil. The number six is.”
Sigo chuckles. “Sixth not time is the charmer.” He shakes skull. “That’s doesn’t rhyme.”
“Shut it, Sigo.” Ucal orders.
“What’s the battle plan, Ucal?”
I scout the arena. “The parking lot is south. No go! The Vee-building is east. We came from the Cee-building from the west.” I view north. “We go north.”
Sigo leans into me. “That’s a great plan for escaping, Igala. What about the plan for fighting?”
I frown. “I ain’t fighting against five ugly males with bad breathe.”
Ucal chuckles. “Sigo will.”
“What the fudge?” Sigo sneers at Ucal.
Ucal shoves. “Sigo, go and create a diversion for us.”
Sigo chuckles. “What diversion for Igala? ‘Cause man, I don’t give a pea stain about your blue jeans.”
Ucal chuckles. “And, you get two matches. So, be wise! And, try to be smart.”
“Smart-hole! I’m only need one match to start a forest fire.” Sigo jumps from the platform then zigzags low to the ground towards the extreme southwest side of the Vee-team. The platform holds lots of dry yellow weeds under a wooden platform while Sigo smiles.
“We need three horses.” Igala tosses heels jumping up and down in a straight line over the wooden platform.
Ucal follows her moves, chuckling. “We need a platform for the horses up then jump into the woodlands. What are you doing, babe?”
I say. “I’m testing for weak spots in the old wood. We locate two points then burn the ends. Then, we got us a platform for our escape.”

Sigo crawls on the ground under the dark edge of the platform then lights the match on his boot toe. He cups the fire for protection from the wind while it flames then flings it into the yellow weeds then quickly lights a second one. He tosses it closer then back crawls into plain view.
Alcoona finger him from the platform. “Get him!” Her five teen males jump from platform as Sigo kicks and punches the first teen in the jaw then second teen in the eye socket as Alcoona views the black smoke between her shoes then him. “You’re poco loco crazy, Sigo! Ya started a fire inside the Foci arena. We’re all trapped, here for the next eighteen minutes.” she views the ground. “There’s nothing but dry grass and weeds inside the square.” She sneers. “We all will die.”
Sigo fights. “Glad, I can accommodate your death, witch! Or I should say your death wish, witch! Or maybe, I should say your damn death wish, bitch.” He sneers, running backwards from the Vee-team.
Alcoona waves arms. “Stop! Let him be! Put out this dang fire before we die of smoke!” The five teens stop then swing towards the fire.

Ucal kisses me. “You’re brilliant, gorgeous. Run down under and light the wood. I’m stay up top bouncing on the burning chunk of wood. My cowboy boots will protect me. I hop like a bunny helping the burning weaken.” He views Alcoona. “Sigo has set the fire. Alcoona is burning mad.” He stops jumping. “Here’s one! burn it, babe!”
“Yes, master!” I run under the platform hunting for a piece of kindle. I find a dry branch twig then light the match. I hover the fire over the twig. It burns then hold it to the thick wood. The wood does nothing then slowly turns black from the heat then turns pink from more hotness. “Dang! This will take forever. We’ll all burn and die.” I view my dress then jerk the hem, burning long stripes from the cotton. I plant long stripes between the wooden cracks as the flame eats away on the thin spots in the wood.
Ucal thumps up and down on wood when Sigo slides on the grass, smiling at me. “No time to play hide and seek, beauty.”
“I’m burning holes for our platform.”
“Smart, doll!” Sigo leaves then returns. “The ramp needs to about twenty-feet.”
I frown, striping more cloth. “I didn’t think about that. You can’t carry twenty-feet of wood.”
“Beauty, my adrenaline level, right this moment, can lift your Cadillac, and carry it home.” He shuffles about twenty-feet, pointing. “Start the second burn, right here, Igala. I’ll help Ucal stomp out the flames. Then, go and get us three horses.”
“On it!” I burn and stripe cloth, viewing Alcoona. She shouts at her tag team trying to control the raging fire. Then, I hear timber cracking and back step out of range. The first end of the platform falls with the second end burning and splitting, to quickly.
I rush out, dashing towards the first gray horse. She is scared and shy, not angry. The horse’s nostrils flare from the smell of smoke.
I tear the silk, wrapping the fabric around the ears focusing the horse’s eye sight forward. The sight of red fire spooks a horse into running. And, these horses are excellent jumpers. They’ll jump over the fence, without me. Then, I lead her to the low bushes the reins.
I turn to locate another horse quickly copying my procedure.
Then, I hear the crack, seeing a large wooden chunk break and fall, viewing Ucal and Sigo dancing out of the way. They slap and smile at each other then tumble from the platform.
They carefully raise two non-burning ends from the grass coming to the north entrance.
Alcoona is both battling fire and stomping beasts. The horses have spooked charging her wooden platform for protection, since the Cee-platform has collapsed with a boom while burning.
I approach a second stallion, frisky and frighten then stand, quietly. I wrap red cloth around my palm extending my arm like holding an apple as he approaches flaring nostrils. “Come on, boy! Come on!” The stallion stands, sniffing the cloth then smells the blue berries.
I give me the berries while he chomps then I place silk around his ears covering his eyes from the fire and action, leading to the first horse.
Ucal and Sigo walk with the wooden chunk and then toss it against the wall creating a ramp onto the fake background used to transport the materials in Foci.
Ucal back steps then turns to me when Sigo doesn’t appears.
I run behind the wooden ramp seeing him on the ground, blood coming from his nose. “Sigo!?”
“Ugh!”
“Sigo!?” I yell, running under the ramp while Sigo lies on the grass. I touch his face, bleeding. “Sigo!”
Sigo moans. “It fall.” I see that one of the metal sliding has slipped and then landed on Sigo’s forehead. He wears a forming bruise and a cut.
Ucal slides Sigo from under the ramp. “No time to sleep, boy! Get up! Time to leave Foci! We got two good horses.”
Sigo moans. “Ugh!”
I pull on his T-shirt. “I go with him.”
“Naw. I can’t canter a horse.” Ucal hauls Sigo upright then marches to the horse.
Ucal assists Sigo onto the horse then I place the reins into his hands. “Sigo, canter the horse around the field then head towards the ramp to pick up speed. If the Vee-team member attacks you, double jerk the bit, the Lippizan is trained by bit, not rein. The horse will rise up both front legs, standing at a 30-degree angle entirely on its hind legs. Then, the horse will balance on hind legs before jumping. You must hold on to the mane. The horse will hop like a rabbit onto the ramp keeping the forelegs off the ground and hind legs together. Giving the Vee-team members a good mule kick.” I giggle. “Then, you need to touch the withers the horse will drop and soar over the ledge. You’ll be safe. The horse will tilt towards heaven, so you need to go up, not down.” I shake his arm. “Sigo!?”
Sigo fakes a smile. “Go up, not down!”
Ucal chuckles. “The boy’s get it.” Then, he slaps the horse. The horse gallops away from the ramp when Ucal pulls me towards the second stallion.
I watch Sigo bob back and froth then kick the horse into a canter lope. Ucal lifts me into the horse as I sit near the horse’s mane crushing the crinoline and silk gown into my body. He scoots behind me. “Your dress is silk.”
“Yes.”
“I meant the silk is slippery against my jeans.”
“Hang on!” I jerk the horse left from the ramp into a gallop then see three Vee-member attack Sigo.
Sigo jerks the bit properly when the gray horse stands on hind legs with its tail dragging the grass. Sigo and horse hop then leap then hop then leap then hop towards the ramp while the three Vee-member run forward with knives then run backwards from the horse’s kick of rear hoofs. I exhale Sigo is safe then kick the stallion into cantering.
Ucal yells. “I slipping.”
“Hold on to me, Ucal! Sigo is loping up the ramp, escaping.” I say when the same three Vee-member attack with knives. One knife slices into my dress, cutting into the three layers of stuff crinoline netting protecting my leg. I rear the stallion into the air by jerking the bit, twice while the horse slowly rotates front hoofs over and over again. The hoofs are my weapons and his body is my shield protecting me from the three Regulators, who carry knives.
The stallion hops like a bunny on the grass then leaps in the air when the Vee-members slide out of hoof range. Ucal claws my waist. “I’m falling.”
“Grab me waist.” I tap twin withers on the horse then he stomps front hoofs on the grass. We sail towards the ramp for our escape.
“Igala…,” Ucal tumbles to the grass when the horse hits the ramp soaring towards the broken opening. I pull the reins but the stallion is both scared and stronger.
I look behind seeing the three Vee-members attack Ucal. “No..,” I yell as the horse races up the ramp into darkness. We enter a tall warehouse when the horse elegantly steers around objects then both of us see the light. The stallion gallops towards the doors.
We emerge into the late evening light of a sinking sun while I narrow eyes seeing a runaway gray stallion heading further north. The Foci arena is located on the outskirts of metro city Beehamie beside the woodlands. Sigo is unconscious while the horse aways.
Two Vee-members jerk Ucal standing when the third Vee-member slams a fist into his stomach. Ucal wails in pain. Alcoona mounts one of captured stallions slapping the reins onto its rump, galloping towards the ramp, chasing after the other two escaped Cee-team members. When the hoofs hit the wood, it collapses stabbing the horse’s neck, capturing it along the jagged metal. The horse struggles with pain and an unsuccessful escape when Alcoona slides from the stallion then kicks it in the stomach. She yells. “Stupid horse. Dang!” She views the black panels housing all the attendees of Foci expressing a quiet electronic vote: Boo!
Alcoona snort then marches right seeing Ucal’s bruised face, smiling. “Don’t kill him, yet! I get the final honor.” She stands next to the team-member. “Where did they go, Ucal?” She views the dying stallion then the dark hole. “What’s beyond Foci?”
One of the Vee-member says. “Forest, woodlands towards Fullietime and Guardsmen, if ya hike by foot or ride by horse.”
She frowns. “They’re headed north.” Then, she views Foci arena. The fire has completed burned down the Vee-team platform to the ground while the horses stomp over each other in panic. The tunnel entrance raises ten feet from the fire, too dangerous climbing by hands the heated concrete.
She views the west, seeing the Cee-team platform on fire, also. It’s destroyed. “Can’t get off that way, either. Dang! We can’t climb a hot water. We gotta get out of here.”
“The fire is burning away from us, Alcoona.” The fourth Vee-member stands behind Alcoona.
The fifth sweaty Vee-team member says. “We won, Alcoona.”
She shakes curls sideways. “We ain’t won. The team with the surviving players only wins. Igala and Sigo still are alive.” She smirks at Ucal. “I can’t stay and say the same for you, Ucal.” She turns to the fourth Vee-member. “You, grab one of the horses and haul to the wall, so I can use it to climb onto the platform.”
Then, one of the horses sees the dark opening and runs towards the fallen stallion. The horse leaps then slams into the dying stallion, not making the opening along with three other horses. The horse pile-up draws Alcoona’s attention. “Dang! Horses are stupid animals.” She views the fifth Vee-member. “Go over there and kill them things!”
The tunnel door opens with a wave of citizens holding pails of water. The citizens toss water over the fires near the concrete. A second wave of citizens enters though the tunnel carrying a ladder then toss it down into the wet burnt grass. And, then a third wave of citizens emerges holding guns. The third wave of citizens climbs down the ladders then kneels in puddles of water. They aim and fire.
Alcoona back steps from Ucal, smiling when the Vee-member holds the reins of a horse then the bullet explodes her skull. A second bullet kills Vee-member on Ucal’s right then bullets zing into horses and humans from death kill shots. Ucal lands on the burnt ground, face down.
The citizen nudges a fallen body. “Dead, here!”
The second citizen kicks a fallen body. “Dead, over here.”
“The horses are dead, too.” The third citizen thumbs the animals.
“How are we going to trace down them other two criminals?” The second citizen views the opening in the black panel. “Criminals ain’t supposed to survive Foci.”
“Don’t sweat! Our scout team’s searching every rock between here to Fullietime. They’ll be found. Then, they’ll be killed.” He looks at the second citizen. “Then, none of them criminals will survive Foci.”
The citizen holds his gun in the air facing the black panels of hidden attendees. “Foci. Foci. Foci.”
Then, tiny bright lights from cellies illuminate creating on the electronic board: 1,000,000 votes. Yay.
The tunnel doors open with a wave of Regulators fans across the concrete on the Vee and Cee-team, without weapons. A short Regulator climbs down the ladder, approaching the gang of citizens near the dead bodies. “Please, leave Foci.”
The citizen smiles. “We took care of them criminals for ya sorry pawns. Now, what ya doing to be about the two that escaped though the hole in the wall? We want ‘em back, here in Foci for a death round. The first of its kind! Call out the Vee-team members for Foci. Let’s see how the criminals stand up against some angry mamas and daddies and sisters and brothers. They won’t win that round.”
“Please, leave foci,” the short Regulator doesn’t smile.
Each citizens turns to leave, raising a gun, walking towards the ladder, when the tiny lights of cellies illuminated. 1,000,000 votes. Kill.
The short Regulator motions then the wave of Regulator climb down and carry a stretcher for the dead. The Regulator loads the dead bodies moving out of Foci. The Vee-team will celebrate a final resting place in the Vee-building inside a marble tomb.
Cee-building. The short Regulator fingers the stretcher on the examination table in the morgue. “Thank you. Please, depart!” The four tall Regulators exit. She views the teen. His face is bruised covered in flakes of burnt grass. His jeans and shirt are ripped and torn covered in blood, grass, and dirt.
She leans into his face. “Ucal!?”
“Mama…,” Ucal says, weakly.
She frowns. “Are you hurt?”
“Naw.”
She smiles. “When I meant destroying Foci, I did not mean it literally, Ucal.”
“Sorry, Mama!”
She grins. “You are alive, most importantly. Stay put! I am fetching your Daddy and some of our trusting kind. You will be safe, son.”
“I want Igala safe, too, Mama.”
She says. “She’ll be safe, too.”

Woodlands. I slap the reins on the rump, charging the stallion into a full gallop, chasing after Sigo. I lean into the mane tasting course hair and smelling sweat while kicking the plump belly of the beast. I slap the reins for a second time overtaking the running stallion then steer my horse right into the nostrils of the beast while grabbing the left sagging rein from Sigo’s hands.
I jerk the rein taunt stopping the stallion as Sigo falls forward over the mane when I slip from my horse. I wrap arms around Sigo as he falls left into my body. Then, we land onto the grass.
I drag his heavy body from the standing horses. They’re trained around humans, but I don’t want to take a chance. Then, I pull my cellette and Sigo’s cellie from our wrists. I tie Sigo’s cellie into the hair mane, so Society can track the electronic beep coming from the horse. Then, I slap the reins on the rump when the stallion leaps into the air then gallops away from us in a northerly direction.
I shimmy out of my three crinoline then rip the dress to my thighs using the cloth to tie the three crinolines over the horse’s spine like I am riding. Then, I tie my cellette into the horse’s mane. I slap the rump, screaming at the frightened stallion. He dashes towards the east.
I exhale then inhale mustering strength then lift Sigo from the ground, leaning on my shoulder. I tote him towards an old abandoned rail box. Thirty years ago, the railroad train traveled through Beehamie transporting goods and livestock, since the invention of hover craft and the re-generation of food and merchandise, the ancient rail system has died away.
The rail box doesn’t have wheels being level on the grass as we stumble into the rotten wood flooring. I see old stuff sacks of garbage on my left and old wooden furniture on the right. I slide Sigo towards the wall between the furniture.
“Sigo!” I say, probing and touching his body for any wounds or cuts. “Sigo, are you bleeding? Do you feel pain?”
“Dizzy.” He says, weakly.
“You got a concession, darling!” I pat his forehead, feeling no sizzling fever or hot temperature.
I gently guide his head towards the wood then stand, scouting. The rail box is a perfect hideout for the nighttime while I figure out our next step. I mosey towards the sacks then squat at the first one, hearing.
A rabbit hops then stops, sniffing along the wall while I stand then ease over the sacks. There is an entire family of rabbits hiding and feeding off the stale corn mill. I exhale then view Sigo, not being to hide his body behind the sacks for protection.
I back step viewing the walls. Empty. I walk towards an array of office furniture with rolling chairs, office desks, and three credenzas.
I touch the opposite wall from the entrance doors. The doors hold both light and protection with a sliding old wood. I spin around viewing a wall of furniture then stomp between two credenza and three office desks crowded into the wall corner.
“Yes!” I smile then shove the empty office desk away from the wall, revealing space. “Yes!” I shove the office desk towards the credenza. The thick credenza weighs more than a horse making that feat impossible for me. I push then shove two office desks away from the wall then view Sigo. He’s sleeping and drooling.
I pad to Sigo then lift his armpits dragging between the space of wall and desks, tucking him into the wall corner. Then, I scurry out the boxcar into the late evening towards the leaves. I gather dry brown leaves shaking out the bugs and spiders, hopefully then dash into the boxcar. I toss the leaves under the desks, needing more disguising materials.
I ran out and gather more dry leaves, placing them roughly around the boxcar like the wind. Then, I stop and study.
I snap fingers, dashing to Sigo, pulling off his brightly colored cowboy boots. I tote the boots towards the sacks positioning at the end of the bags like he is hiding from the bad villain. I giggle when sliding the door partly shut.
I return to Sigo pulling him into wall space then sliding both desks into a semi-straight line, scattering leaves under the wood. Then, I spread leaves over Sigo’s jeans and socks. I tiptoe over Sigo, slamming my body into the wall corner and sit. I gently lay Sigo’s head in my lap, patting his smooth forehead. He needs to rest from the concession bouncing his brains back and forth. I close eyelashes, re-living the nightmare.
Ucal had fallen off the horse when I had reared the stallion. Now, he is dead, since Alcoona has murdered him in cold blood, defenseless without a weapon in Foci.
Ucal and I drove from Soso wearing dancing outfits, not dangerous guns then we ended our trip at Foci.
I open eyelashes seeing nighttime. Foci is both unfair and unjust for an innocent person. I’m not a criminal! I reared end a stupid car, not a human. Then, my family was invited to Foci. Then, I substituted for my family, killing in Foci. I killed Oressa. She died in the mud. I couldn’t see the blood, only her pain.
Ucal substituted for my family, too, killing in Foci. He killed Ethdamn, a class-mate from Hall.
Alcoona, my best girl pal, had tried to kill me in foci for my family’s property and possessions.
Foci isn’t the judge and jury for rightness, but wrongness.
I have to plan for tomorrow. Sigo and I will leave Beehamie, settling into another small town. I smile at his handsome face, feeling love and safe. He and I will start a new life, together, without Foci. There must some way to escape Foci.
I close eyelashes, deciding at dawn.

Rail box. Midnight. The gun shot sounds in the distance, waking me conscious. “They found the horse.” I hear a second gun shot in the distance. “Dang! They found the second horse.” Then, the rail box’s door slams with a boom admitting four shadows against the side wall from the full moon. I can’t see a face, only feel the thunder of boots as each one enters the rail box. I place a hand over Sigo’s mouth, appreciative that he doesn’t snore.
The first shadow chuckles padding towards the sacks. “Boots! We found one!” He blasts the gun with whamping sounds into the sack.
Sigo struggles awake when I pull him into my breasts, pressing my hand over parted lips. He stares with worry. But, I do not move.
A second shadow tosses the three sacks from the wall. “Rabbits! Ya killed a family of rabbits. I’ll finish them off then take them for rabbit stew, tomorrow night.” He stabs each one with the blade then hauls them into a bag over his shoulder.”
The third shadow laughs. “These criminals are smart. That’s why they re criminals.”
A fifth shadow stands at the door. “The horses were runaways.” He reads the cellie. “Each cellie was tied to the horse hair like a ploy. Her dress was wrapped about the horse, too. They stumped us. One horse moved north. One horse galloped east. What da ya find, here?”
“Boots, a pair of worn boots.” The citizen fingers.
“The old railroads system is west of Beehamie. This is another ploy for their play fun. So’s, they’re heading south back into Beehamie.”
The second citizen chuckles. “Right back home! We stake out there and wait! They’re young criminals. No coins. No food. Let’s get!” The shadows leave.
Sigo and I lay for about thirty minutes ensuring the woodlands are peacefully quiet. Sigo wiggles toes, frowning at me. “My boots!?”
“…saved our lives.” I smile. “Can you stand? Are you feeling dizzy or sick?”
“Naw.” He cuddles into my body. “I think we should stay, right here, beauty. Sleep until dawn then move out.”
I tickle his belly when he wiggles. I order. “You’re fine. Get up, Sigo! We’re going to find some answers.”
Sigo stands shoving the desk over to side for walking space. “And, beauty, where are we going? I wanna head to Fullietime then steal us some food. Then, we hike to Guardsmen and steal us a hover car. Then, we leave Beehamie and Foci, behind.” He moves the desk as I walk into his open arms, smiling. “Beyond Guardsmen, I’ll steal us some cellies. You can call your Mama, say goodbye.”
I frown. “That’s our second plan. Our first plan is to view Ucal’s grave.”
He grabs his boots. “Ucal’s grave!?”
“He fell off the horse when it reared.” I exhale. “Right into Alcoona’s deadly hands.” I sob. “She…he…”
He nods, replacing his boots. “I…”
I lead outside, sobbing, wrapping arms around my body when Sigo emerges hugging me. I view south. “How long to hike it back to Foci?”
He cuddles me, walking. “We’re about two miles. That’s about thirty minutes in your heels. I can carry ya, beauty.”
“I’m fine until I need ya to carry me. Will there be Regulators posted as guards around Foci and the buildings?”
“Naw! Everyone eats food, lives in house, and sleeps in a bed.”
I say. “But, the dead.”
“You don’t have to visit Ucal. He’s dead. We can’t do anything for him.”
“Ucal saved our lives. It’s the dead of the night, even the citizens have stopped hunting for us. They’re all one dimensional.”
Sigo smiles, trucking south. “Right, beauty!”

Vee-building. Sigo cuddles me, when I say. “Are you certain that no Regulators are present, here?”
“Positive.” He pulls towards the doors when they open.
“Why are the door not locked and sealed?”
He smiles. “The dead only walk in movies, beauty.”
We pad down pink marble reflecting the light from the burning urns. “Ya know, what I mean.”
“In case, visitors want to pay respects.”
“I know that the entire family unit is killed during Foci.”
“That’s why the doors are always open, since the entire family unit doesn’t exist to visit.”
The hallway is chilly and quiet. “That’s both stupid and illogical. Ya know! Maybe, this isn’t a good idea. Maybe, we should leave.’
“We’re here! Pay our respects then leave.” Sigo holds my hand.
“The…walls and ceiling are shorter than the Cee-building.” I touch the wall. “This is no higher than fifteen feet.”
“The Cee-team never ever survives Foci. So’s, the Vee-building never ever holds tombs for the dead.”
“It looks exactly the same with the burning urns except the marble is pink, instead of crème.”
He stops, searching. “The buildings are the same dimensions in length, not height.”
“What are we doing?”
“The tombs are labeled in alphabetic order. We’re standing at the letter, T which is located towards the double doors of the chamber rooms.” He fingers left while I see a plague, Tate. Sigo two-steps, reading while I double-check the names.
We quickly reach the end of the pink outlined squares. He frowns. “It’s not here!”
I view the other end. “Is it alphabetized in last name? Let’s start at the beginning. I don’t know anyone…”
He nods. “Naw. It is alphabetized by first name?” He touches the tomb. “Zug!?”
“That’s not Ucal last name?”
I release his hand. “I’ll go back and double check the starting with the letter, A.” I race down the opposite end, searching for Ucal’s last name.
I stop, touching the plague. “Alcoona.” I re-read the plaque. “Alcoona. She’s here. She’s dead.” I shake curls sideways then move down to the letter, O. I see. “Oressa. She’s here. And, she’s dead. I killed her because she was trying to kill me, first. Then, I two-step to the letter, P. “Payney. She’s here, too. That means.”
Sigo sweeps me into his arms, smiling. “He’s not here.”
we circle three times then he lands me. I frown. “Alcoona’s plaque’s on the wall.”
He part lips. “She’s dead, too.”
I frown. “Too?”
He points down the hallway. “The name Zug is one of Alcoona’s tag team mates. I remembered him from the class ahead of us.”
We scoot down to the letter, A as I finger. He touches the tomb. “Alcoona, that witch is really dead.”
“Is it fake?”
“Naw. Foci is not fake or fun. The bitch is dead.” He swings, smiling and hugging me. “And, Ucal is alive. I can’t find his name.”
“How is that possible? I saw him being attacked by Alcoona’s team mates. It was five against one.” I view the wall. “Maybe, his body is indie the tomb but not labeled, yet.”
“Naw, beauty! They place bodies, immediately. So’s, the assets can be distributed, more immediately.” He lifts and circles me. “That’s mean, beauty. We won Foci.”
I part lips. “We won.” 
“We won. Ucal won Foci for us.”
“But, we escaped.”
“So’s!? We’re dare devils. Ucal was last man standing up against Alcoona.”
“There couldn’t been more of Alcoona’s tag mates.”
“Naw. If a tag mate was standing or sitting or bleeding but breathing then Society executed him.”
“O, mercy! That…that’s how it works.”
“Yes. The Vee-team is taking the chance that they will win, everything. Then, they are taking the risking the lost of everything. I mean every limb, skull, and heart.”
“You’re heartless, Sigo.”
“That’s the way it works.”
“But, we were discussing leaving Beehamie at rail box.”
He kisses me, smiling. “I am stating fact about Foci. But, I will not lose you, Igala. If that means we move from Beehamie and live in the forest with them bear cubs. I will not lose you, beauty. I love you.”
“I love you, beast. So’s, we can go home!”
He yawns. “Home! I am too emotional, too pooped, and too tired to hike home.” He views the chamber rooms. “We sleep here.”
Here!? No. naw. not right! I don’t wanna sleep with the dead.”
“Then, you can sleep with me. I actually feel dead...tired.”
“Naw. No, not right! I can’t…,” I view the door to the chamber rooms.
“There are lots of rooms. You get your room. I get m private room” He turns towards the chamber rooms. “And, when ya can’t sleep then ya come and crawl into bed with me. Then, I’ll read ya my favorite bedtime story…,” He chuckles. “…with a happy ending for all.”
I frown. “Naw. Not happening.”

Vee-chamber bathroom. Sigo slams the toothbrush on the counter. “Toothbrush. Toothpaste. Mouthwash. Comb. Peppermint candy.” He smiles. “Every thing a soon-to-be-dead person needs before Foci.” He views the empty basket, “Except for freaking food. I guess the angels must feed ya’ll in heaven.” Sigo has eaten all the food inside the island, while his stomach growls.
He back steps from the mirror, admiring a dirty T-shirt, jeans, and boots then spins towards the archway. He nosily pads down the marble then knocks on Igala’s bedroom door, waiting. He exhales then knocks for a second time, waiting. He inhales then exhales. “She’s tired. I’ll tired and hungry. I’ll let her sleep while I round up us some food. The dance hall always has fruit trays and cupcakes. Yeah! Man-made sugar plus nature’s sugar for my girly sugar,” He chuckles, exiting the chamber.
Sigo strolls along the pink walls then turns right, padding on wooden flooring for the Dance Hall, hearing.
A regulator taps from the office moving towards the Dance Hall, too.
“Shit!” Sigo tiptoes across the wood into the Cee-building. He can’t back track into the Vee-building without being seen or hear or suspicious. And, he doesn’t want the Regulator to accidentally discover Igala.
Sigo turns right when the Regulator hollers. “Excuse me!”
Sigo stops then turns, smiling. “Shit!”
The Regulator moves to Sigo. “Are you invited to Foci?”
Sigo shakes skull. “Naw, man.”
The Regulator stares. “Why are you inside the Cee-building?”
“Well, dude!” Sigo views the wall then the Regulator. “I…be visiting my friend. Ya’ll see! He’s dead…,” he pats the wall. “…in here, somewhere.”
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “A noble gesture. Was your friend a victim or criminal?”
Sigo fingers the double doors. “Criminal! That’s why I came through the doors of the  Cee-building for criminal. He was a criminal.”
“What is your friend’s name?”
Sigo frowns. “He…be…called…Zug.”
“Zug, is that the first or last name.”
Sigo nods. “Zug is his first name.”
The Regulator points down the hallway. “The wall is alphabetized by first name. Your friend will be located on the opposite end.
Sigo smiles, nodding. “Thanks. Thanks for your wise advice.” The Regulator studies Sigo. “Do ya got some more wise advice for me?”
“Where are your ornaments for the tomb suchlike flowers?”
Sigo chuckles. “Zug don’t like flowers. Flowers are for girls, not Zug. He be a man. He died like a man.”
The Regulator nods. “Very good!” Then, it steps then swings towards the Dance Hall.
Sigo slides into the wall, waiting for the footpads to vanish deeply into the Dance Hall. Then, he jerks off his boots and gallops through the wooden flooring then turns left into the Vee-building. He dashes into the chamber rooms then barges into Igala’s room. “Shit!”
He slams a hand over her mouth. “Shh! The robots are coming.” He pulls her off the bedding. They crawl under the bed with eyeballs towards the open door.
The Regulator stops outside the open door, saying. “The last Vee-team made a mess inside the rooms and both bathrooms. I’m glad that bitch is dead.” Iit stomps into Igala’s room kicking the shoes out the door. “They even left their personal possessions against the Foci rule.”
“My…,” Igala says when Sigo covers her mouth then realizes Igala is almost naked under the bed sheet, sniggering while pulling her tight into his chest. She kicks his shin then he sniggers some more.
The Regulator collects the torn dress and pair of shoes, padding out her bed chamber, ordering. “Clean up the bathrooms! But, don’t bother to change the bedding just make the bed covers presentable. There’s a horde of victims coming, today about thirteen folks. My bet’s that they don’t return, here. So’s, we can clean everything, tomorrow.”
“Yes, sir!”
One hour later. Igala and Sigo snuggle under the bed until the Regulator finish cleaning then crawl out.
I stand in the blue bed sheet. “Now, what? I can’t walk out here like this.”
Sigo shakes skull sideways, chuckling, not touching her. “I like ya like this. ya know, there’s plenty of time to waste while we wait.”
I frown. “Sigo!? I’m serious.”
He chuckles. “I’m serious, too.”
“I’m really serious, too.”
He smiles. “We wait for the Vee-team then infiltrate. The robots bring the wardrobe rake. Then, we get dressed and invade the Society Ball.”
“I like.” I smirk. “But, I modify. We dress then we leave the Society ball.”
“I don’t own a limo, beauty. That’s how all the folks around. We dress and find Ucal. He’s pea stain his jeans upon seeing us then get him to drive us home.”
“Are we really done with Foci?”
Sigo kisses my neck. “I promise, beauty. We be done with Foci and Beehamie. My job is ready for me. We kiss our parents goodbye and leave tonight. We get married in the morning. The start of our new lives.”
“I like.” Then, we kiss.
One hour later. The doors part with Vee-team stumbling around the marble. I hide under bed, hearing.
“Howdy, ya’ll!” Sigo exits a bedroom waving arms and wearing a raccoon-eyes covering his real face.
The Vee-team Male frowns. “Who are you?”
“Your Mama’s fourth cousin twice removed.” Sigo smiles, nodding.
The Vee-team Male frowns. “My Mama sent ya, boy?”
Sigo holds a stolen iron rod from the bed headboard in the air, smiling. “Sent me to ya armed, sir.”
The Vee-team Male smiles. “Welcome, cousin…”
“Cousin Slim! Nice to meet ya’ll!” Sigo chuckles when the Regulator enters with the wardrobe rack. Sigo fingers. “The first thing we all need to do is dress for the Society Ball. Girls, pick a pretty dress. Boys, pick a prissy jacket. Then, we go and do a hoe-down.”
The Vee-team Woman frowns at Sigo. “I understand that we’re supposed to be scouting for the members of the Cee-team, studying their strengths and weaknesses.”
Sigo back steps, grabbing a yellow jacket. “Yeah! Ya can do that and dance, all at the same time. Everyone get ready to part-ee!” He swings into the girls’ wardrobe rake stealing a blue dress then dashes into Igala’s bedroom.

Society Ball. 6:01 pm. Sigo escorts me into the dance floor waltzing to the classical tune. I cuddle into his neck. “Ucal is not located on the north or west walls.”
“He’s parked between two Regulators on the east wall.”
“We should wait until the end of the Ball.”
“Naw. We’re supposed to the invited dance guests. We ain’t supposed to be dancing for more than fifteen minutes with a strange partner. Then, I’ll have to give ya to the next dancer. I don’t wanna do that. I want us to leave. Ucal can depart anytime he wants. So’s we just happen to follow him out towards the limo.”
“I like.”
“I’m leading us that way, just dance, elegantly like always.” Sigo says then swings me around. I face Ucal while he whispers with the short Regulator, not paying attention to my winks.
I wink, again. “Ucal must be brain-dead from falling off that dang horse.”
“I’m swinging ya, again. I’ll try to make contact with the brain-dead idiot.” Sigo faces Ucal then whistles. But, the loud music of the song drowns out his tune. Sigo frowns. “Ucal isn’t even looking at me or you or a girl. He’s turned.”
“Stop it, Sigo! Dance us, closer. Once, he sees me. He will turn back.” I giggle.
“Twirling ya!” Sigo spins me around and around while we dance towards Ucal. Then, he stops right on the edge of dance floor then release me. I stand in front of Ucal both winking and smiling.
Ucal sees me then smiles, grabbing my hands. “May I have this dance?”
Sigo blocks. “Naw!”
“Good to see both of ya’ll! Now, act like a wallflower, bro. I’ll be right back then we all leave.”
“Leave, now!”
“Naw. Go and get some food, man. We leave at the end of the song, since we don’t wanna raise some eyebrows. Stay cool, bro!” Ucal swings me into the dance floor. “Are you hurt or injured?”
I shake curls. “No. I escaped injury. I thought you died in Foci.” I watch Sigo grab a plate of food, probably starving since last night. He rushes back to the protection of the Regulators.
Ucal smirks. “I almost did. Citizens had busted though the doors, extinguishing the fires that we started then killed Alcoona and her tag team with guns.”
“Citizens entered Foci with guns. What for?”
“Look, Igala! We need to talk. I need to tell ya something. I wanna ask ya, something.”
“Ask me?”
“Not, here! When the song ends, I’ll take ya home. We can ride in the limo.”
“Shore, we all can. Sigo is coming with us. Right, Ucal?”
“Okay! Then, we need to talk.”
The girl in the green gown sashays behind Sigo then taps his shoulder. “Can a single girl ask ya for a dance, sir?”
Sigo stares at the short Regulator when the Regulator mouths the word, yes. Sigo swings around, smiling. “Well, shore…b…babe.” He hands off the platter on the food tray then holds naked hands in the air.
She grabs each hand when they move along the edge of the crowded dance floor. She smiles. “Where’s your gloves?”
Sigo views a hand forgetting to retrieve a pair in the Vee-tem chamber, since dancing only with Igala. Then, they would located Ucal and escape the Society Ball. “I’m a clumsy redneck spilled my beverage over the left hand. I ditched them. The other young lady didn’t like the wetness.” She giggles, examining his jeans. “Your jeans are dirty with grass stains and burn holes, redneck. Didn’t your Mama teach ya to change your clothing after bar-bar-queuing that pig?”
“My Mama tried and still tries.” He smiles.
She giggles. “I don’t think the dull yellow compliments your gorgeous blonde locks, Sigo.”
He stops dancing, parting lips. “What!?”
She back steps then fingers, “Sigo, the criminal from Foci. Here! He’s here!”
Sigo stomps right. “Shit!” Then, a team of Regulators surrounds him.
The tall Regulator smiles. “You are invited to Foci.”
Ucal shoves me into wall covering my face. “Don’t move!”
I sob. “Sigo!”
Ucal whispers. “I have a plan. But, you have to be hidden. They’re looking for you, gorgeous.”
I frown. “Why, Ucal? Why is this happening?” We easily blend into the crowd of shouting dancers with painted raccoon-eyes then we dash left.

Foci Medical Ward. Ucal says. “This is the Foci Medical Ward. You visited here during your second Foci.”
“I remember.” We enter then stop. I stare at Regulators.
Ucal scoots towards the low medical bed, sitting beside me. “Igala, I have something to tell you.”
“We are going back into Foci.”
“Naw. And, I wanna ask you, gorgeous.”
“Ask me, what?”
Ucal smiles. “Igala, I love you. I always cared about you, since we were little tikes living next door at my Grandmother’s house. And now, with everything we’ve been together, I want you as my partner for the rest of my life.”
“Ucal!? I have something to tell you, also.” I smile.
He sours. “I want to be honest about everything. You guessed, correctly. The car accident was a set up…”
I wiggle. “I wanna leave. I wanna go to home.”
The short Regulator sits near me. “I am Ucal’s Mama.” She fingers the other sitting Regulator beside her. “This is Ucal’s Daddy.”
I sour. “My Daddy says that children of Regulators grow up to be Regulators.” I view Ucal.
“This is very true.” She exhales. “Igala, I want to both congratulate and apology to you. I, along with the Regulators, conducted an experiment. You and Ucal were the solo participations. Your car bump was staged for you to accidentally hit the driver ahead of you. You and your family were invitied to Foci. Then, Ucal secretly whispered the Option rule. You wisely used it, saving your entire family.”
“You staged all that for a stupid experiment involving me and my family. We almost died the same time in Foci, then I killed…,” I view the floor. “I had to kill to survive.” I view her. “I killed an innocent person to live. You disgust me. I wanna leave.”
Ucal hugs me. “I had to kill to survive, too, Igala. I was with you on the Tag-team. I volunteered to serve with you on the Tag-team. I substituted for your biological family, Igala.” He exhales. “That was my first time, too.” Ucal hugs me. “Please, I’ll take ya home. I promise. But, please, listen to my Mama, first. There is a very important reason.”
I nod as she says. “The variables, the teen girls, inside your vehicle was not staged. We didn’t anticipate you would be driving the girls back home from Hall. You have learned over time, when a person is victimized, then they can charge a claim in Foci. I, along with the Regulators, were absolutely stunned the family of the teens placed a claim against you, Igala. I apology, again. But, I, along with the Regulators, collected valuable information from the unfavorable incidents.”
“Unfavorable incidents!? People died. I almost died.”
She doesn’t smile. “Igala, you were invited to tour Foci at other cities. May I seek? What did you observe?”
I view the floor then her. “I observed that folks are only intrigued and interested with the latest re-designed clothing, purses, cellettes even re-generated food stuffs. They totally ignore the natural beauty of the land. The sandy beaches. The grassy mountain peaks. The cool caverns.” I view Ucal, smiling. “Just to name a few hot spots!” I view her. “They’re one dimensional selfish. They’re selfish with greed for Foci.”
She walks to the black panel, not seeing the Foci square. “The citizens love Foci.”
“The citizens obsess in Foci.”
She views me. “You are very observant, Igala. From my experiment, the citizens can’t live with Foci. What do you think would happen if Foci became removed from their greedy life.”
I sour then smile. “They will riot…with shotguns and steak knives.” I giggle.
She nods. “I, along with the Regulators, have come to the same conclusion. This is the last Foci, Igala. There will be no more, ever in Beehamie or other cities.”
I clap. “Thank you! Thank you! I applaud your wise decision but wonder about your dangerous action.”
She nods. “We have young teens, like you, who think the same way, the righteous way. We, the Regulators, want you to join us in the rebellion, the fight for right and justice, Igala.”
I stand, viewing Ucal. He smiles, nodding at me. “I’m very honored.” I view her. “I wish all of ya’ll luck, but I’m going to marry Sigo. We getting married, today.” I kneel to Ucal. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to tell my good news, here.”
She says. “Sigo is in Foci.”
I view her. “Then, you get him released from Foci. You say this is the last one. There will be no more Foci, ever.”
She sours. “I am so sorry. The Regulator accepted the claim. I cannot do anything to stop the event.” She views the Regulators. “We cannot do anything. Foci begins in fifteen minutes.”
I stomp forward. “You will release him. Or I will tattle-tale all my secrets to the citizens?”
She views the floor. “You are dead.”
I wave. “What the heck? I’m not dead. I live. I breathe.”
Ucal stands, cuddling me. “Mama, let me explain.” She nods. “Igala, the side effect of the experiment has lead both us being exposed, remembered, and hunted for Foci.”
I frown. “Hunted!? I’m not a rabbit. I’m a human.”
Ucal says. “We have been labeled as criminals to fight in Foci.”
I shake curls sideways. “Naw. You survived Foci. I saw Alcoona’s tomb inside the Vee-Building. She died. She died in Foci. You killed her. Therefore, you won Foci. Thus, we’re finally free of Foci.”
Ucal inhales. “The citizens attacked Foci, killing us. I am dead, Igala.”
I view Ucal. “You are dead. But, you are here with me…” I sit, viewing the floor. “You are dead. I am dead.” I view the window. “I can’t do that, again. I can’t. I can’t go into Foci, another time. I just can’t.”
Ucal kneels, smiling. “You won’t. I’m going to become a Regulator. I’m going to join the rebellion. I’m going to enforce laws that no other innocent will die in Foci. And, you can join, too. A Regulator is disguised. No one will recognize you, ever. We can be a part of this new movement, together serving peace throughout Beehamie.”
I say. “I’m going to marry Sigo. He has re-gen job in food. We’re going to live in the country away from Foci. I don’t need the protective disguise of a robot.” I giggle.
Ucal grabs me then stands. We walk to the window. “Sigo is in Foci. I can’t get him out. He’ll fight. Sigo’s strong. He’ll survive, Igala. I truly believe that. Then, Sigo will win Foci. He will finally be free of Foci. Sigo can live in the countryside…”
“…with me.” I giggle. “Our problem is solved. I don’t like that Sigo has to fight and kill for his freedom. But, he will survive.”
Ucal views his Mama. “Mama, may we have some privacy, please?”
“Yes, Ucal.” The Regulators leave.
Ucal moves to the bed, we sit. He exhales then inhales. “Sigo will win Foci to be and do whatever he pleases. You will be recognized as soon as you remove the raccoon-eyes, gorgeous. Then, the citizens will demand you be placed inside Foci to fight as a criminal.”
“For what, crime? I’m not a criminal. I didn’t hit another car.”
“Oressa family has filed a claim on you, then Payney’s family will, then Alcoona’s family will, who Sigo doesn’t kill. Foci has turned into a blood-letting, not a volley of justice.”
I say. “Sigo will kill them all.”
He stands, moving us to the window. “Look, Igala. There are thirteen members of Alcoona’s family standing on the platform, mostly cousins. Sigo will not survive against thirteen.”
“You invite Sigo to join the Regulators, then I will join, too.”
“I plan, too. I just want you to understand what we all face in our future.”
I hug him. “I completely understand. And, I want you to understand, Ucal. I love Sigo. We all will be Regulators, together. But, I will marry Sigo. But, I still love you, too.”
Ucal smiles. “The bestest man won, gorgeous.” He hugs, kissing my cheek then leaves.

Foci square. Inside the tunnel darkness, Ucal shouts. “Sigo!?” He dashes, hugging his childhood friend.
Sigo smiles, slapping Ucal’s back. “Ucal, glad to see you alive, man.”
Ucal winks. “That’s our little secret. Right, bro?”
He smiles. “Then, I take it that you ain’t going to help me beat some buttholes, tonight.”
“Naw. Not this round, buddy.”
Sigo sours. “And, you didn’t kill Alcoona in Foci.” Ucal shakes skull sideways. “So’s, if you didn’t kill Alcoona, then who did?”
Ucal views the black panel. “The citizens!” He sours at Sigo. “They invaded Foci then attacked and killed the horses and us. I hit the ground like a chicken shit. The brilliant idea saved my ass.”
Sigo views the black panel. “The citizens!?”
Ucal views the black panel. “They obsess with Foci. They crave Foci. They bleed Foci, only it’s not their veins.”
Sigo nods. “That’s why I’m being tossed back into Foci. Alcoona’s family has claimed some dang thing on me. I don’t understand all this.”
“Right, bro!” Ucal smiles. “And, I’m here to bail you ass out of Foci.”
“You’re dead.” He views the panel. “Based on the current hot gossip…”
“You can be, too, Sigo. I’m joining Society becoming a Regulator, now, today. I’m eighteen. All of the regulators are going to implement new law, no more Foci.”
“The robots!?”
“The Regulators will be the new law.”
“The citizens will riot.”
Ucal shakes skull. “The citizens will riot for their selfish greed and vanity of blood.”
Sigo chuckles. “I see clearly your non-bloody point.”
“Join me! We can start a rebellion, together. Society will be bigger and better than before. You and me, a part of it!” He chuckles, touching Sigo’s arms. “Like, when we were kids taming the squirrels in the back yard.”
“When didn’t tame the dang squirrels, we shot the squirrels then ate the meat and used their tails for decoration on our cowboy hats.”
“About the same thing but this time it ain’t squirrel tails, its cheek-asses.”
“Naw. I don’t wanna be a glowing coppery bald-headed space man.” He smiles. “I’m going to marry Igala.” He views grass. “Once, I kick me some redneck ass.” He chuckles.
“Igala loves you.” Ucal chuckles. “She told me about six hundred times after I kidnapped her from the dance into the Regulator office for protection, when they took you.”
“And, I love her, too.”
“Sigo, I don’t know if you’ll survive Foci. I can’t play tag with you, boy! I’m dead. And, the Regulator has allowed the claim. I or my parents or another Regulator can’t interfere with the event, tonight.”
“I’ll survive. Why not! Three against one! Them good redneck odds.” Sigo chuckles.
Ucal sours. “Igala can’t survive against those odds.”
“Explain, bro?”
“Igala is dead, too.”
“O, man!” He views his boots.
“The Regulator…”
Sigo sneers. “Your Mama!”
“Yeah, my parents fibbed to them about her and mine deaths…,” he nods at panel. “Because, Igala can’t show her face inside Society, anymore. Everyone recognizes her, knows her name, follows her sandals…won’t leave her, alone.”
“I’ll take her away. I have a re-gen job out in the country. We live in the country away from his horse crap.” He views the grass.
“Where will she get a re-gen job? Where will her child go to Hall? How long can you protect her and your children, Sigo?”
He views Ucal. “What’s she say?”
“Igala’s decision was hard for her.”
“What’s she desire?”
“Igala loves you.”
“What’s she want?”
“Igala has agreed to become a Regulator. She doesn’t want to die for…anyone.”
“I don’t blame her. I understand. I don’t wanna die, either.”
“The only way to save her is for Igala to become a Regulator. No one will recognize her. She will live a full and joyful life. And, she’s seen the destruction of Foci on innocent lives. She wants to help mold Society and empower the Regulators.”
Sigo chuckles. “Mrs. glowing coppery bald-head space woman.”
Ucal chuckles then sours. “Sigo, please, join us, become a Regulator.”
He chuckles. “Ya did all this to get my girl.”
“Sigo, I’m doing this to save me, her and you, buddy.”
Sigo views Foci. “Naw. I’ll not live like a robot.” He views Foci. “I’ll take my chance in Foci, the last one. I’ll bring the house down, bro.”
“And, die?”
Sigo nods. “I’ll die happy, my way, knowing Igala is happy, her way. And, your way is protecting and loving her. Congratulations, the best man won!” He extends his hand, when Ucal shakes.
Ucal chuckles. “A one dimensional happy fool.” Sigo nods when Ucal presents his gifts. “I brought ya a present. I didn’t know if you wanted the sword or the hatchet.”
“I’ll take both.” Sigo grabs the weapons.
“Good luck, Sigo!” Ucal smiles.
Sigo smiles. “Good blessings, Ucal. Tell Igala, I love her.” He shakes skull. “Naw. Tell Igala, save me a dance at ya’ll’s wedding.”
Ucal doesn’t smile. “Shore, bro.”
The speaker blasts. “Serpents, brood of vipers! You are condemned to Foci. Let the event begin!”
Ucal shakes skull. “I really hate that phrase.”

Foci Medical Ward. I view the cellette. The tunnel door opens when I see Sigo emerge, holding a sword and hatchet. “No.” he has rejected Ucal’s offer to join the Regulators. “One dimensional fool.”
Sigo doesn’t wait on the gong, jumping off a new wooden platform then rolls over the grass. He stands with a weapon in each hands, when the three brothers leap off the Vee-team platform. They collide as Sigo kicks, punches, and slices with strength of a young bad-ass teen.
I sob. “He’s going to die.”
Ucal dashes to me, cuddling as I sob. “Ucal, do something to help Sigo?”
“I can’t, gorgeous.” He views his Mama while the Regulators watch their cellies. He whispers. “I begged Igala. I begged Sigo to join us. He’s so stubborn, his way.”
I pull back. “I wanna talk to him.”
Ucal cuddles me. “You can’t, gorgeous. Foci has began. You’ll be exposed, first then killed, second. We can’t help Sigo. He made his decision. No one is more sad than I. Do you believe me, Igala?”
“I believe you.” I watch eight more relatives of Alcoona’s family unit leap from the platform attacking Sigo. He’s alone, fighting for his life. Ucal hugs me, wiping the tears.
I see ten more bodies jump from the wooden platform attacking Sigo then view Ucal. “You say thirteen relatives. There are more than twenty folks in Foci fighting against Sigo.” I view his Mama. “What’s happening? Why didn’t you grant Sigo his family unit equal to Alcoona’s? Who’s unjust, now?”
Ucal’s Mama says. “The citizens have claimed and executed Sigo’s biological parents.”
Ucal sours. “When did this happen?”
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “This morning.”
I stand, viewing the cellette with more citizens leaping from the platform. “Sigo, doesn’t have a chance. He will die.”
The Regulator doesn’t smile. “Sigo accepted his fate.”
“Bull shit! I don’t accept that fate or my fate.” I toss the cellette on the floor then stomp towards the exit.
Ucal rounds me. “Naw! You’ll be killed, Igala. Please, stay with me. Please, be with me.”
“I know.” I struggle from Ucal, dashing out the door.
Ucal follows me. “Igala, wait! I’m coming to help.”
Ucal’s Mama stands. “Ucal, please stay!” Ucal clears the exit, when she views the Regulators. “I order you to stop my son!” Eight Regulators overpower Ucal inside the hallway.

Foci Square. I dash down an empty hallway turn left then right passing the tunnel entrance in panic. I back track then stop, viewing a closed door. I exhale then inhale then stomp in bare feet, holding my sandals towards the metal. The door opens, seeing the throng of citizens which has grown. I sneer. “I hate Foci.” I leap then roll, fighting with hands, and feet. I steal a gun blasting all the bullets for a path to Sigo. He still fights with blood and torn clothes then I drop the empty gun. I steal a sword, fighting towards the man I love.
A knife slices my plantation dress, not me then a club bloodies my collar bone. I stumble then fall then stand, running towards Sigo. “Sigo! Sigo!”
He turns, seeing me. He smiles then punches the man’s face with a fist. He whirls around to me as I bump into his chest. “Sigo.”
Sigo cuddles me. “Beauty!? Why ya here?”
I smile. “We’re going to be together, here or someplace beautiful, Sigo.”
“Yeah!” Sigo smiles then slams a hatchet into the woman’s face.

Foci Medical Ward. Ucal struggles from the four Regulators, strutting to his Mama. “This is your experiment. This is your doing. You save Igala, now. She has agreed to marry me becoming a Regulator. Save her! Save my happiness, Mama.”
Ucal’s Mama views him. “Kill all the citizens inside Foci. And then, bring Sigo and Igala to the Medical Ward. Prep Medical-robots for the wounded.” The Regulators leave.
Ucal back steps when his Mama orders. “Please, stay here, son!” He nods, viewing the cellie.

Foci Medical Ward. Sigo wipes blood from mouth, kneeling over the medical bed. “Beauty, I’m here. Just sleep, Igala! I’m want leave ya. The Medical-robots will fix ya, good and new. I love you, Igala.”
Ucal stares at her. “Igala is in shock. Medical-robot, get Sigo bandaged! You’re blooding over the clean floor, bro.”
Sigo cringes in pain. “Naw. I’m not leaving her.” The Medical-robot slams his bloody collar bone then he limps inside the wheelchair.
Ucal holds her hand. “You’re not alone, Igala. I’m here for you, with you, by you. Your healing has begun. You will find as you get older all people die including family unit, mama, daddy, sister, brother, grandparents, cousins, even neighbor friends. This is part of Society. This is part of your life.”
I awake to a smile. “Igala.” Ucal smiles.
“Sss…,” I close eyelashes dizzy and sick with pain, hearing.
Ucal smiles. “I love you, Igala. Do ya believe me, gorgeous?”
“Sss…,” I feel pain.
“I’m going to send you to a place, a beautiful place, like beautiful you.”
“Sss…”
“Igala, I’m holding your hand. Can you see my hand?”
“Sss…”
“Please let me take you to a beautiful place, a safe place without violence, gorgeous.”
“Sss…”
Ucal views the Regulator. “Igala said yes to me. Marry us, now.” The regulator sprinkles water over Ucal then Igala.
The Regulator smiles. “I hold authority to union this new couple. Be happy, new wife and husband.”
Ucal kisses her busted lips. “I love you, Igala.”
Sigo limps into the room, not wearing a shirt or shoes with bloody bandages around his chest, face and limbs. “Medical-robot, take my blood and skin then clone and grow tissue and organs for Igala’s damaged body parts of lung, spleen, eye, esophagus…”
“You are too late, Sigo.” Ucal views Igala.
Sigo limps towards Igala. “Naw. The organ clones takes less then four hours for to reach full grown and then can be harvested while she breathes, only temporally with the machine. Charge my coinage account for all the organs needed for Igala.”
“I cannot let ya do that.” Ucal views Igala.
Sigo leans on the bed, holding his side. “What are you talking about, Ucal? I’m doing this for Igala, not you.”
“She’s barely breathes. The transplant will kill her.”
Sigo views Medical-robot. “You don’t know that. Medical-robot prep me for blood and skin tissue.” He views Ucal. “She’s alive.”
He views Sigo. “I’m her husband. I make decisions for Igala, now.”
“Husband!?” Sigo sneers when Ucal lifts her hand showing their twin wedding bands.
Ucal doesn’t smile. “Igala and I are husband and wife. Now, I’m going to release her. She deserves this.”
“She deserves me.” Sigo cringes in pain.
Ucal stands, rounding the bed, lifting Sigo from the floor as they scoot towards the window. Ucal breaks the black panel exposing the grounds. He fingers the angry mod. “Look at them. Look at the blood-lust. They’re the killers, criminals, and murderers. They will not leave her alive. Hear them, Sigo?”
“Foci. Foci. Foci…,” the citizen chants outside.
Ucal says. “They have hunted her down, before. They will hunt her down, again. They will demand her presence into Foci, again and again and again. How many times does Igala fight to live in Foci? They created her. Now, they want to punish her. I will not allow it.” Ucal back steps from the window.
Sigo leans against the window pane, seeing the skull of his baby sister and parents on individual pole pikes among the angry citizens. “I’ll take Igala away from here to a very safe place. They can’t find her or hunt her or have her.”
Ucal shakes curls sideways. “She doesn’t deserve them.”
Sigo views him, cringing in physical and emotional pain. “I deserve her.”
Ucal kneels, holding her hand. “The citizens have killed her. The citizens have murdered her for their pious pity problems in life. They don’t want happy, only lost in misery, and then sharing it in violence. The citizens desire drama. Drama of an innocent soul lost. I will not allow them any more vile pleasure of Igala.” Sigo limps then kneels holding her other hand.
Ucal views the breathing machine pumping fresh air into Igala’s damaged lungs working the heart as her blood circulates around a non-moving body in the hospital bed. He exhales then inhales. “Pull the plug.”
The Medical-robot flips a switch down then the machine ceases. Igala breathes with one healthy lung and one damaged lung blocked by a destroyed esophagus, then her chest flattens. Igala dies.
Sigo holds her hand to a wet face, feeling for the last time her softness.
Ucal kisses a warm forehead. “I love you, Igala.”
Sigo views Igala. “Life is hard, but death is the hardest thing for me to comprehend, forever.” He exhales then inhales with mixed emotions of loss, sadness, hatred, relief, confusion, angry, fury, and survival, while feeling her soft hair. He says. “I…I am sorry, beauty. I…failed to save ya. I love you, Igala.” He kisses her cheekbone.
Ucal stands, staring at his wife, briefly married but eternally loved. “I’m ready.”
“Ucal, please, sit over here.” His Mama fingers the chair. Ucal sits, watching her dead body, imprinting Igala’s beautiful youthful image on his memory, forever. She buzzes the equipment then shaves his hair from nape to forehead.
Sigo views Igala. “What are you doing, Ucal?”
Voshee answers for Ucal, watching his hair fall to the tile. “He…we’re going to be Regulators. We reached our eighteen birthdays, joining Society.” She views the broken panel. “And, they are going to learn the new law.”
Ucal stands and stares at his wedding ring. He removes it, since a Regulator doesn’t wear ornaments or jewelry for non-identification purposes. He accepts the pill then swallows it. The pill will chemically alter his skin tone into a shimmery copper for a non-identification purpose. The effect of the pill is immediately like magic when Ucal morphs into copper on exposed chest and biceps. 
His Mama hands silver sunglasses, covering eyes for non-identification as Ucal says. “I’m the Regulator. I will regulator all claims against the innocent. I will never allow another individual to fall into Igala’s doom. This is the only way to control the blood thirsty masses, my way.”
Sigo views Igala. “You…,” he views floor then Ucal. “You don’t sound like you’re coming back.”
Ucal views his wife. “I will honor the memory of Igala, my way.”
Sigo says. “Allow me to bury her on my farm.” Ucal nods, exiting the room.
Voshee views Sigo after morphing into a Regulator, too. “Are you joining with us, Sigo?”
Sigo views Igala, shredding tears. “No. I will honor the memory of Igala, my way.”

It never ends.
