
Intangible

Piercing the Veil, Book 1




C.A. Gray

www.authorcagray.com
Copyright and Disclaimers

Intangible
By C.A. Gray


Copyright 2013, C.A. Gray
Smashwords Edition

All Rights Reserved 

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

No Portion of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including, but not limited to, audio recordings, facsimiles, photocopying, or information storage and retrieval systems without explicit written permission from the author or publisher.


Published By: 

Wanderlust Publishing
Tucson, AZ


Cover Art By:

Jayme Kelter, Copyright 2013, Klarite Photography

All Rights Reserved 

http://www.klaritephoto.com/



For Dad, whose love of physics inspired me in the first place.
Acknowledgements

Thank you first and foremost to the Lord my God, who guides me every step of the way. 
A huge thank you to my mom, who let me use her maiden name as my pen name (Cynthia Ann Gray!), who served as my primary editor as I wrote this entire series, who let me bounce ideas off of her and helped me brainstorm, and even came up with a number of major plot points that I never would have thought of, but which turned out to be just perfect. I love you, Mom.
Thank you to my brother and sister in law, Jeff and Keilee Deville, for all their love and support, as well as an early pair of eyes for reading and editing. (Keilee even managed to hook me up with a seasoned editor - for free!)
And speaking of said editor, a huge thank you to Keith Clayton for his spot-on and very generous advice!
Thank you to Jayme Kelter, for your fabulous photography skills!
Thank you to Denise Ganley, who helped me through the early stages of researching the publishing business, when I hadn’t a clue what I was doing - and always had plenty of time to reply to my long-winded emails! Thank you also to the rest of my writer’s guild from Tempe, and especially Audrey Brockhaus for organizing it. Your encouragement, ideas and editing was invaluable.
Thank you to Menna Bevan, my British counterpart! It’s been over a decade since I lived in England, and your eye for “British-isms” was even more necessary than I first realized!
Thank you to Chanda Hahn, who was kind enough to write back to me when she was a bestselling author even though I was a nobody, and who offered me her invaluable advice on publishing and marketing.
Thank you to Charlie Lehardy, who kindly helped me with my website and formatting issues, and last-minute edits.
Thank you to Cara Williams, Ann Eberhardt, Keith Dixon, and Rudo Sibande for reading my manuscript when it was still rough, and offering your suggestions and ideas to improve it.
Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Sneak Preview: Invincible (Book 2)
About the Author




Prologue

So this is how I’m going to die?
The thought formed in Peter Stewart’s mind in essence if not in actual words as the silver Land Rover hurtled through the air, upside down, and headed straight for the windshield of the Jeffersons’ BMW. Instinctively Peter turned to look out the window on the passenger side, and he saw just a flash of a face standing on the side of the road, with a jagged scar across the right cheek and a vivid expression of pure terror.
Brock sat in the front seat next to the driver. Lily Portman, the new girl, and Cole, Brock’s younger brother, were in the back seat beside Peter. He could not possibly have imagined a more unlikely group of people with whom to die. In that split second, he thought of his dad’s face – his sellotaped glasses and lopsided grin. He’d never see him again. Then –
Just at the moment when impact should have occurred, the entire scene vanished. 
Peter blinked, his heart still pounding, and looked around. All he knew for sure was that he was in a very bright place: it was a meadow, peaceful and quiet, with a pool in the middle. A rainbow radiated from the surface of the pool, and he felt himself compelled irresistibly toward it. As he approached, it grew larger. 
Am I dead? he wondered. Is this heaven? But he didn’t see the others – he was alone here. Then he saw that the others were in the rainbow – and they were still in the car. He recoiled: the rainbow showed him horrific, brutal images of the accident. The crushed front seat of the BMW obscured the driver completely beneath the wreckage. The other four were very clearly dead. He fought the nausea threatening to overtake him.
He looked again and realized that the scene took on an eerie red hue, as if viewed through a pair of tinted glasses. At first he thought that was because of the blood, but the upholstery was red too, and the trees –
He took a step back and saw the rest of the rainbow again. Cautiously, he moved toward orange, and the accident again blossomed into view before his eyes… but this time, the impact occurred slightly to the left of the previous one. Peter bit his lip, concentrating hard, trying to understand how reality could shift with each color, as if it were a physics problem to solve. He looked at Cole. He was still dead, but he bled from a wound in his cheekbone this time instead of just above his eye, like in the red version. 
Peter stepped back again. Infinite variations existed in the rainbow between red and orange, each showing the impact at a slightly different angle. From his perspective on the bank of the pool, each ephemeral view of the accident was like a thousand shimmering possible realities inside a kaleidoscope. Peter searched through the colors of the rainbow frantically, looking for one, just one, which might offer some hope…
He found it buried somewhere between blue and violet. In that image, the Land Rover sat on the side of the road. Lily gasped for breath and Brock clutched the sides of his seat, but they were all otherwise all right. It looked as if the accident had never happened. Without thinking, without any idea what he was looking at, Peter somehow knew what he had to do: he aimed at the precise place in the pool where that shade of blue-violet emanated, and he dove in.
Instantly he was back in the car, his arms outstretched. Sweat poured from his brow, and he trembled from head to toe. The silver Land Rover hovered over the BMW, suspended in mid-air.
“Well, set it down then!” Cole shrieked.
The statement jarred him. What did that mean?
That was the moment Peter realized he was the one holding up the Land Rover. His lips started muttering something without his permission, but he could not tell what they said; the words were unfamiliar. As he spoke, the car reversed its trajectory and landed on the side of the road, in exactly the same place it had started. 
Except for the hammering of their hearts, it was as if the whole thing had never happened. 
But really, it had just begun. 
Chapter 1

Two days earlier

Well, this is boring, Peter thought. 
He had just finished setting up his work bench in chemistry class for the day’s titration experiment. The students around him dripped sulfuric acid into sodium hydroxide, trying to turn the latter solution pink, indicating that it had neutralized. 
He had done this experiment in his back yard when he was seven. 
It took a long time, as he recalled, and the payoff of a pink solution at the end really wasn’t that exciting. He scoped out the classroom to see if there was anything he could do instead that might feel less like a waste of time. Unfortunately for Peter, Mr. Collins had figured out long ago that as long as Peter was in the class, it was absolutely vital to lock up all chemicals not strictly necessary for the day’s lesson. 
So, as usual, he would have to improvise. 
With several glances over his shoulder to make sure Mr. Collins’ back was turned, Peter opened all the drawers, looked under the sinks for any chemical he could use, even some sort of cleaning solution… nothing. Then he felt something in his jacket pocket, and withdrew a half-eaten Cadbury Dairy Milk chocolate bar from lunch the day before. He stared at it for a minute with intense concentration. This could have potential…
“No eating in lab,” said Tiffany Bristol bossily, eyeing him from the next lab bench over. 
“I’m not planning on eating it,” Peter said slowly, only half-paying attention to her. Then a flash of insight lit up his face, and he couldn’t resist staying out loud, “Aha!”
“What are you doing?” she asked suspiciously, and crept over to spy on him. 
Peter remembered seeing a prepackaged scalpel blade in his bench drawers. He retrieved it, fitted it to the scalpel blade handle, and deftly began to carve a slit into a piece of perfectly good plastic tubing. 
“You’re damaging school property!” Tiffany said, horrified. 
“Shhh,” he hissed. “It’s just plastic tubing. Nobody will even notice it’s gone. Besides, this is gonna be brilliant. Just watch!” He attached one end of the tubing to the inverted beaker containing the sulfuric acid and dragged part of it onto the lab bench, and deposited the other end into the sodium hydroxide beaker a few centimeters away. “I saw this old television episode once,” Peter explained excitedly, “where a guy plugs a sulfuric acid leak using a chocolate bar. The sulfuric acid breaks down the chocolate into elemental carbon, and it gets sticky enough to make a plug for the leak.” As he spoke, he unwrapped the chocolate, positioned it beneath the break in the tubing, and rotated the acid spigot to the ‘on’ position. 
But, he rotated the spigot a little too far, and the acid didn’t drip, like it was supposed to. It poured. The black-topped lab bench turned white everywhere the stream touched it with an angry, steaming hiss. Tiffany leapt back, too late: the sleeve of her lab coat started sizzling, and the fabric began to dissolve before her eyes. She started screaming, “Get it off! Get it off!” 
Mr. Collins appeared beside her in a flash, his face puce, and his mustache trembled. He shoved Tiffany under the emergency shower and pulled the triangular handle. The amount of water that dumped from the ceiling onto Tiffany’s head was so absurd it seemed almost like a practical joke. When it finally stopped, she wasn’t screaming anymore, but she glared at Peter underneath her sopping bangs, looking like a drowned rat.
Mr. Collins rounded on Peter. “I don’t even want to know what you did,” he said in a barely controlled whisper, and extended his left arm fully toward the door, index finger jabbing into the air like an exclamation point. “Out!”
“But –” Peter protested, and looked back down at the chocolate bar. Sure enough, it had congealed into a sticky, gooey mess, and the acid was now flowing through the repaired tubing straight into his fuchsia solution at the other end. But Mr. Collins was not impressed.
“Now!” 

Fifteen minutes later, Peter stared glumly at the empty maroon leather chair in Mr. Stone’s office, still waiting for his punishment. She should have minded her own business, he thought bitterly. Then none of this would have happened. But he knew it probably wouldn’t have mattered. After three years of secondary school, Peter’s offenses had become so commonplace that the teachers often sent him to the headmaster’s office just to get rid of him. 
Peter really didn’t mean to be difficult. He wanted nothing more than to be just like all the other kids, but he simply didn’t understand how to fit into the complex social hierarchy that was secondary school. He was “special,” according to his father Bruce, although when he said it, the word “special” sounded like a euphemism for “awkward.” 
 Boredom plagued Peter most of the time when he was at school. He didn’t much care for languages or history or any of that rubbish (as he called it). He did care about the maths and science curriculums, but he learned almost nothing from them. His dad worked as a physicist at the university, and Peter had taught himself most of the concepts his peers were just learning now by the age of seven. So, he had to invent ways to keep himself entertained… and he did. Regularly. 	
He shifted uncomfortably in the hard wooden chair and glanced at the clock. He had been waiting alone in the office for almost twenty minutes. It used to be that the headmaster delivered his punishments swiftly in order to serve as a warning to other would-be rule breakers, but now even the headmaster was at a loss for what to do with him, and tended to drag his feet.
Peter recalled his previous visit to the headmaster’s office only three days ago, when he had borrowed some liquid nitrogen and copper wiring from the chemistry lab, and tried to design a superconducting magnet in one of the sinks in the boys’ locker room. None of the teachers ever would have found out about it if he hadn’t accidentally shorted out the electricity in the entire building. After a very brief and spectacularly unfair exchange of words with Coach Hendricks, Peter found himself sitting in the strategically low chair across from Mr. Stone’s desk for the fourth time that school year. 
Today made the fifth… and it was not even October yet. 
 “Ah, Mr. Stewart,” came a tired, colorless voice from the doorway. Peter turned to see the all-too-familiar elderly form clad entirely in brown and gray tweed, the very picture of an Oxford academic, though they lived in Norwich. “Done it again, have you?”
Peter smiled and shrugged apologetically.
“I spoke with your father after the last time you were here. I don’t suppose he told you about the solution I proposed?”
Peter shrugged again. “He mentioned it.”
“But you are not interested?” The headmaster seemed concerned, almost nervous, as he ran a hand absently over his coarse gray hair. His manner suggested that he was very eager for Peter to become someone else’s problem. “As I told your father, Peter, beginning your A-levels at the university several years early, for a boy of your – er, talents – seems to make far more sense than keeping you here and inventing a program track exclusively for you. It’s obvious that you do not consider the curriculum we offer at King’s to be sufficiently challenging.” Here his manner grew vaguely defensive. “Why would you wish to stay?”
“My friends are here,” said Peter.
Mr. Stone raised his eyebrows fractionally. 
“I have friends!” he protested. “Cole and Mr. Richards….”
“Mr. Richards is your maths teacher, he is not your friend,” said Mr. Stone sternly. 
Peter pursed his lips, looked at his shoes, and fought the childish urge to retort, he is. “Besides, I can teach myself what I like here as well as there.”
“But – you would be surrounded by university students. All new friends! And you could enroll in university-level classes,” the headmaster continued, with too much enthusiasm. “I’m sure your father must have enough connections that he could get you a position in research in a physics lab, if that’s what you wanted, as well. Collins tells me you’re a whiz.”
Here Peter sat up straighter. “Research?” he repeated. He hadn’t thought of that. How had he not thought of that? Of course his dad could pull some strings! A physics teacher himself and a senior investigator in theoretical topics like superstring theory and noetics, his dad’s recommendation (and his dad’s genes) ought to be more than sufficient.
Mr. Stone looked relieved, and pressed his advantage. “Yes, think of it! You could indulge your academic curiosity to your heart’s content. A university level researcher at only fourteen years of age!” He nodded for emphasis, his double chin jiggling. “I’ll tell you what, Peter. I’ll place a call to Dr. Stewart and discuss it with him, and see if we can’t set up a transfer for you to the university mid-semester. You run along to class, and if all works out well, we should be able to have you out of here by next week at the latest!” A flicker of chagrin crossed the headmaster’s face, betraying that he’d been a bit more honest than he had intended to be. “Yes, well,” he said, and coughed unnecessarily. “Off you go, then.”

Peter left the headmaster’s office and made his way through the corridor lined with locker bays painted an atrocious shade of orange. The bell rang for next period, and chatting and laughing students crowded the corridor. Some walked to their next classes, but most loitered about, flirting with each other or gossiping about their adventures the previous weekend. 
Peter watched the familiar faces that passed by, none of whom bothered to acknowledge his presence, and felt conflicted. On one hand, Peter had dreamt of being a real scientist ever since he was four years old, when his dad explained how gravity worked using salt and pepper shakers to represent celestial bodies. Every night over dinner (which Peter had prepared for as long as he could remember, since outside of a laboratory, Bruce could not be trusted with an open flame), he listened eagerly as his dad described in harrowing, colorful detail the abstract intellectual battles fought between his peers with multi-colored dry wipe pens. 
But then he tried to picture himself as a university student at fourteen years old. If he thought he appeared scrawny next to the football players at King’s, he could only imagine what a shrimp he would look like compared to university boys. There wouldn’t be any girls his age, either. Why would anybody bother talking to him if they were all so much older than he was?
King’s Secondary School was familiar, and familiar was comforting. However, even though Peter had grown up with the same classmates since primary school, he did not fit in, no matter how hard he tried. There were several reasons for this: Peter had just finished his last growth spurt the previous summer, and now stood an awkward five foot ten, with shoulder blades protruding where the flesh and muscle had yet to catch up with the rest of him. His hair was the color of sand, his blue eyes were oddly bright, and his skin was so pale that it appeared translucent, betraying his every emotion – a feature that only added to his awkwardness. While other boys (cool boys, he thought bitterly, like Brock Jefferson) could play off any situation with a cavalier, devil-may-care attitude, everybody knew exactly how Peter felt, and there was no point in trying to hide it. It was a social vulnerability Brock, and the rest of the football team, exploited to its fullest potential. 
Usually Peter’s classmates made fun of him just for being a freak, like when he was in English Literature and it was his turn to read from “Macbeth.” He had been so engrossed in a textbook on Differential Equations (which he’d hidden inside his copy of the play) that he missed his cue, requiring Mrs. Ferguson to actually walk across the room and rap his desk with her pointer before he realized they were waiting for him. He turned a humiliating shade of scarlet and mumbled his way through the piece, provoking Brock and his sidekicks (Richard and Harry) to refer to him for weeks afterward as “the talking tomato.” (Not very original, Peter thought, but at least it had the alliteration thing going for it.)
Then there was the immense social liability of his intellect. He would have traded being smart for being cool in a heartbeat. He winced as he remembered the first day of science class, when Mr. Collins had asked everybody to introduce themselves, and tell their favorite joke. Peter didn’t really tell jokes, but just the day before, his dad had told him one he’d heard in the lab about “three particles that walked into a bar.” He thought it was hilarious, and was already cracking up when he got to the punch line… but nobody laughed. He could literally hear a pin drop somewhere in the back of the room. 
So, King’s might be familiar, but familiar was not necessarily a good thing. 
“Pete!” 
Cole’s voice interrupted Peter’s thoughts. Peter turned around to see Cole’s blond buzz cut and broad face bouncing toward him energetically and he smiled, grateful to see a friendly face. 
“Hey, glad I caught you! I have a free period. Want to go to the LCR and get a coffee?” The LCR stood for Large Common Room; it was the slang the students used to refer to their cafeteria.
“Can’t,” said Peter. “I have maths right now.”
“Aww, come on. It’s not like you ever pay attention anyway.” Cole bumped shoulders with him on purpose. “Just for a few minutes? I have news…” He said it in the significant tone of voice that could only mean one thing: Celeste.
Peter bit his lip and tried to pretend he wasn’t interested, but Cole triumphantly shoved him towards the door. “Ha!” he gloated. 
Dying grass lined the concrete path from the concrete main hall to the concrete LCR, and the leaves of the few trees were beginning to fall. King’s was a decidedly drab campus, but it had character. The students either loved it or they hated it. 
Peter deliberately walked close enough to Cole that their words could not be overheard. “Fine, talk,” he said grudgingly, his heart beating faster.
“Brock and Celeste broke up.”
Peter looked up sharply. 
“Watch out!” said Cole, and just in time: Peter narrowly avoided a head-on collision with a concrete column. He ducked his head down as he redirected his path and pushed through the revolving glass doors that led into the LCR, hiding his face until the flush of color subsided.
“When?” he finally managed to ask Cole.
“This weekend, I guess. I overheard Brock telling Richard last night.” As Brock’s younger brother, Cole was not above eavesdropping during Brock’s phone conversations. “So… maybe you should make a move, huh?”
“Ha!” Peter laughed bitterly. “Not likely.” Involuntarily he looked around the LCR, like he always did whenever he entered a large common space, scanning for Celeste’s heart-shaped face and her long dark hair. He didn’t see her, but if he had, he would have looked away quickly before she noticed… like he had for the last three years. 
Girls like Celeste dated guys like Brock. They most certainly did not date guys like Peter Stewart.
Cole retrieved his drink from the vending machine: a black coffee. Peter got the same thing, even though he didn’t like black coffee. He had been so engrossed in the conversation that he hadn’t been paying attention. He went to the bar to add some milk after they paid the cashier, lost in thought. He felt perplexed, but he wasn’t sure why. In fact, he suddenly felt more inclined, not less, to transfer to the university. 
He glanced at the clock on the wall and added, “I really should go to maths. I don’t like to bunk Mr. Richards’ class.”
Cole shrugged. “Catch up to you later, then.”

Peter wondered as he trudged to Mr. Richards’ class why he felt so dejected. This ought to be good news. The girl of his dreams had just broken up with his archenemy. Yet somehow, the fact that she was theoretically now available only highlighted the fact that under no circumstances that he could envision would she ever, ever choose him. 
Peter suddenly realized she was walking towards him on the path. She wore a blue sweater that made her cheeks look rosy, and she was deep in conversation with her best friend Katie. If he didn’t speak up soon, they’d pass him by without acknowledgement. He blurted out before he could stop himself, “Hi Celeste.”
She looked away from Katie mid-sentence, surprised, and distracted. “Oh. Hi, Peter.” 
“How was your first class?” he asked. It was the only thing he could think of to say. He looked down at his coffee, hoping for inspiration, and saw that he had forgotten to stir it after adding the milk. It had mostly blended in while he walked, but a few tentacles of white still laced their way through the blackness like the arms of a squid.
“Uh, fine,” she said, and Katie giggled wickedly. “Why are you staring at your coffee?” Celeste asked. “Is there a bug in it or something?”
“Oh – no. I’m just watching the convection,” Peter blurted, and then added very quickly, “You see, the cold milk molecules are moving a lot slower than the hot coffee molecules, so the milk cuts right through the coffee until both liquids reach a temperature equilibrium—” 
“That’s…great, Peter,” Celeste interrupted, and Katie covered her mouth with her mitten to stifle a derisive giggle. “We’ll see you later, okay?”
“Okay,” Peter mumbled miserably, his face burning as he watched her go. Once she was out of earshot, he muttered to himself, “I am such a moron…”
Chapter 2

“So Mr. Stone wants to get rid of you,” Bruce said as he shoved a piece of steamed broccoli in his mouth and made a face. Peter cooked lots of broccoli because boiling was his primary culinary skill. 
“That’s nothing new,” Peter muttered. 
“No, but this time he actually enlisted my help.” Bruce put on his best stern voice. “Peter, that experiment was totally inappropriate and completely irresponsible!” Then he added too casually, “Did it work?” 
“Yeah. Nobody noticed, though, did they? As usual,” Peter said morosely. He hated getting yelled at, even though he knew his dad didn’t really mean it and only scolded him because other adults told him that was the parental thing to do. Peter stood up to get a second helping of chicken and dumplings, mostly to break eye contact with his dad, and almost tripped over the cat, who laid sprawled out luxuriously, basking in the heat of the stove. “Newton!” Peter scolded, and nudged him with his foot. Newton gave him a reproachful look and did not budge. 
“Although I have to say,” Bruce added thoughtfully, “the idea’s not half bad – transferring, I mean. At King’s, the best you can do is try to make your own superconducting magnet in the boys’ locker room using liquid nitrogen and a copper wire.” Bruce sounded stern at first, but the corners of his mouth twitched. Finally, he added reluctantly, “That was brilliant, by the way.” 
Peter grinned in spite of himself. He hadn’t known whether his dad had heard about that one yet, but he was pretty proud of the idea, and wanted his dad to appreciate it. “Thanks. That one didn’t work, though.”
Bruce continued, “Just think... at uni, you’d be able to rub elbows with researchers involved in fusion and fission experiments with quantum energy! That’s a step up, wouldn’t you say? Maybe after a few semesters they’d even let you assist, eh?” 
“Fusion and fission of what?” Peter asked, sitting back down again.
Bruce’s voice came garbled through the mouthful of food. “Helium to hydrogen and back again.”
“So you’re making hydrogen bombs in your lab. Fantastic,” Peter joked.
“No, technically, Ralph is,” Bruce winked. “Of course, they won’t let us do it until we prove that we can control the chain reaction. Silly technicality, in my opinion.”
“Oh, yeah. Completely mental,” said Peter.
“Well,” said Bruce, ignoring the sarcasm, “it’s really not that hard to fuse four hydrogen atoms and stabilize the rest of them, as long as I stay focused.”
Peter gave him an incredulous look and said, deadpan, “Sure. Because all you have to do is basically just… tell them to chill out.”
“Of course. Using the Ancient Tongue, I grant you, but that’s the general idea, yes.”
Peter shook his head, not sure whether Bruce was kidding or not. On one hand, his dad looked like a physicist, with the double-tiered bridge piece of his eye glasses held together with sellotape to keep them from sliding further down his nose, and several permanent cowlicks sticking up in the back of his brown hair defiantly. Peter adored his father, and thought he was brilliant, but he had the strangest ideas of any scientist Peter had ever even heard of. He always wore trousers that didn’t cover his ankles, with red and white striped socks that Peter knew went up to his knees, making him look like an oversized elf. Bruce called them his “lucky socks,” and he had four identical pairs so that he never had to leave home without them. Peter used to get made fun of because of his dad’s appearance when he was younger, but by now everyone was used to his quirks. On several occasions, Peter heard him refer to the gremlins that snuck in on cold winter nights and closed the flue in their chimney (explaining why the living room was covered in ash the next morning), or the mischievous poltergeists who amused themselves by consistently winding every clock in their house a full ten minutes backwards, accounting for the fact that he was never on time for anything. He was never totally serious, of course, but then he was never totally kidding either.
Aloud, Peter said with a dry smile, “I can’t imagine why you’re having trouble getting a research grant.” 
Newton rubbed up against Peter’s leg and then leapt into his lap when he sat down again, depositing long strands of white fur on his jeans.
“I don’t think it’ll be hard, actually, once we publish the light bulb data,” said Bruce, nonplussed. When Peter shook his head incredulously, Bruce demanded, “What?”
“I thought you were kidding about that,” Peter said in amazement.
“Why would I be kidding?”
“Because… Dad, you can’t seriously think that there’s such a thing as an Ancient Tongue that can control the elements. You’re a scientist! You’re willing to try and get an experiment like that through the research board?” 
“I don’t think there is an Ancient Tongue, Peter. I know there is. I can speak it,” Bruce said matter-of-factly, taking a swig of milk. “It’s just like I always told you when you were little. I’m not the only one, either. Every single person on this planet has an affinity for a particular element, in the ancient sense of course, not from the periodic table –”
“I know, I know,” Peter said, hoping to change the subject quickly. “Yours is light.”
“Why is that so incredible?” Bruce persisted. “We know that there are random fluctuations of energy in space that generate quantum particles and antiparticles all the time. Typically, they annihilate one other almost immediately so that the net effect is zero. But why is it so hard to believe that I might be able to control that fluctuation of quantum energy and use it to speak photons of light into existence?”
“It wouldn’t be hard to believe, if you had some sort of machine to harness the energy. But you’re saying you can do it with a magic language,” said Peter.
“With the Ancient Tongue,” Bruce interrupted, as if this distinction made a material difference in his argument.
Peter continued stubbornly, “It’s a complete departure from the scientific method. That’s the problem.”
“Noooo,” said Bruce in a patronizing tone, “the scientific method involves experimental observation of the effects of changing a single variable in a controlled environment. In this case, I will be alone in a sealed chamber of absolute darkness with nothing but an unplugged light bulb, a photon detector, and my own voice. How much more scientific can you get?”
Peter had no idea what to say to that. “Was this Isdemus’s idea?” he finally asked. Bruce often referred to Isdemus as his “boss,” although Peter knew that nobody by that name worked for the university at all, let alone in the physics department. Whenever Bruce had some new outlandish experiment in mind, though, Isdemus’s name always seemed to come up.
“No,” Bruce said, and swallowed a dumpling with a loud gulp. “Isdemus says he wants me to steer clear of noetics as much as possible, actually. He thinks that since it’s not a very well-respected branch of science, even if the experiments work, the rest of the scientific community will just write me off as a quack and won’t even read the paper… which would put us right back to where we started from.” 
Noetics, the study of the effects of the mind on the physical world, had long since proven to be something of a metaphysical idea (which, Peter thought stubbornly, was code for complete bunk. Deep down, he knows it too).
After a long pause, Peter put his fork down and looked his dad in the eye. “Dad,” he began. “Here’s the thing. You are so brilliant…”
“Why, thank you,” Bruce said, wagging his eyebrows teasingly.
“But I don’t understand why you believe in stuff like that,” Peter continued. “I feel like I’m missing something here.”
Bruce put his fork down too. “Peter,” he said at last, but then hesitated, rubbing his head and looking up. Finally, he said, “Remember the legends I told you about when you were growing up?”
Peter shoved his chair back from the table. “Oh, no. Not this again.”
“Well, if you want to know, then that’s where I’ve got to start,” Bruce said in frustration. “You haven’t even allowed me to broach the subject since you were seven years old!”
“Dad,” Peter said firmly. “The definition of the word legend is that it’s fiction. There’s absolutely no evidence that King Arthur or the Knights of the Round Table ever existed. When I was little, I wanted to believe more than anything, but it’s just not scientific –”
“That is because history is subjective. It’s based on a lot of agreement,” Bruce argued.
“No, it’s based on evidence,” Peter said, exasperated. “If there’s no evidence that King Arthur existed, then there’s definitely none that establishes the existence of a magical Ancient Tongue, or a race of invisible fairy tale creatures –”
“But don’t you think it’s strange that there are so many stories about them?” Bruce persisted. “Why do you think there are so many cultures that have stories of Arthur and Camelot if no such person ever lived? Why do you suppose fantasy creatures of the exact same description appear in almost every story down through the ages, with very little variation? Why do you think the concept of magic has always been such an enduring theme?”
Peter felt a flush of frustration creep up his neck and into his cheeks. His dad could be so stubborn sometimes. “How Mum put up with you for so long, I’ll never know,” he muttered spitefully under his breath, but loudly enough that his dad could hear. 
Bruce let that comment go. They never talked about Peter’s mother, who had died in childbirth from a pulmonary embolism. Peter once looked it up, and discovered that though it was unusual for women to die in childbirth in modern times, when it did happen, that was frequently the cause. There were no pictures of her in the house, and Bruce never told him why, but Peter had assumed it was because his dad didn’t like being reminded of what had happened to her. Still, Peter was curious, and occasionally brought her up at strange moments just to see if he could catch his dad off guard and convince him to reveal anything new about her. His dad never fell for it.
Bruce took a deep breath, and changed the subject. “Anyway,” he said, “we could use another set of hands for lab cleanup – a gopher to start. I could talk to Al if you want. Just say the word.” Al was the head of the physics research department. 
“Mmm,” Peter murmured, noncommittally.
“What do you mean, ‘mmm’?” Bruce demanded, a little more heatedly than necessary. “It’s a great idea!”
“I know it is,” Peter admitted. “It sounds really good, but…” he trailed off.
“Buuut?” Bruce prodded, making a reeling motion with his hand.
“But what if nobody likes me?” Peter blurted out. “What if I’m the nerdy, scrawny kid in the corner and I don’t even have Cole and Mr. Richards to talk to anymore?” He closed his eyes and thought of Celeste. If he went to university now, he’d probably never see her again. He didn’t know if that part was good or bad.
“Of course they’ll like you!” Bruce exclaimed. “You’re a genius! Everybody loves a genius,” he said, as if that were self-evident.
“Dad,” said Peter, and raised his eyebrows. 
“Well,” Bruce amended, “everybody loves a genius when he isn’t setting anything on fire. Or destroying their personal property. Or wrecking the curve. Or making them feel stupid by comparison…”
“Okay, Dad! I get it,” Peter interrupted irritably, holding up a hand. 
“I promise you’ll fit in better at uni,” Bruce said soothingly. When Peter still looked unconvinced, he dabbed the corner of his mouth with his napkin and said, “Tell you what. I’ll drive you to school tomorrow morning and have a chat with the headmaster. We’ll see if we can’t come to some sort of compromise where you still go to King’s for a while, but can work in our labs, too. That way you’ll have a chance to try out the university before you’re committed.”
“I doubt Mr. Stone will go for that,” said Peter. “He wants to get rid of me, remember?”
“That’s true,” Bruce agreed, “but there’s an angle for him as well. If you’re already doing research somewhere else, maybe it’ll give you an outlet for your intellectual curiosity that will keep you from blowing up the school. At least for the time being,” he winked.
Peter tried to look appropriately ashamed, but the edges of his mouth curled in a tiny, reluctant smile. “It’s worth a shot, I guess,” he said, and shrugged.

Peter lay awake for hours that night. Every time he tried to fall asleep, he had visions of a blond boy in breeches with a bow and arrow slung over his shoulder, stumbling up a steep incline through a forest filled with plants that glowed fuchsia and aquamarine and vibrant orange. Finally, he drifted off to sleep with the same scene repeating in his mind:
As the boy breaks through the clearing, he sees a golden sword shoved almost to the hilt into a large boulder at the top of a clear waterfall. The boy climbs to the top of the waterfall to approach the sword. When he gets close enough, he can see two ferociously red dragons on the gilded hilt, their eyes set with emeralds. The handle fits perfectly into the boy’s hands, almost as if crafted specially for him. He knows intuitively that he has to free it somehow. He grasps the hilt and pulls, and to his amazement, the sword slides through the boulder easily. The boy stands looking at the sword afterward, transfixed.
There are markings on either side of the sword in unrecognizable characters, but the boy knows what they say anyway. They are written in the Ancient Tongue, and one side of the sword says, ‘Take me up,’ and the other side says, ‘Cast me away.’
The sword is Excalibur, and the blond boy in breeches is Peter himself.
Chapter 3

Peter awoke with a start to the obnoxious beeping of his alarm clock. He rubbed his forehead, still feeling the weight of the pommel of Excalibur in his hands. How long had it been since he last dreamt of it? Seven years? He shook his head, trying to dispel the haunting memories of the dream.
As he got ready for school that morning, he tucked a one pound coin into his pocket from the change bowl he and his dad kept on top of their refrigerator. He always bought a Mars bar from the vending machine just outside the LCR, which was usually the highlight of his day. He stifled a sigh and tried not to think about how pathetic it was that a chocolate bar was the only thing he looked forward to at school.
Bruce stood checking his teeth in the circular mirror by the front door, and turned to Peter. “How’s my hair?” 
It was sticking up as usual; but considering his father was wearing a shabby blazer with threadbare elbows and trousers that didn’t quite clear his ankles, his hair was the least of his worries. 
“Fine, Dad.”
Peter followed Bruce to the dingy brown Fiat. The engine was already running to warm up and melt away some of the condensation that had accumulated during the night. 
“Nervous?” said Bruce, about a block away from King’s.
“I just hope he says yes,” said Peter. “To trying it out part time, I mean.”
“You don’t want to leave King’s because of that girl you fancy? What’s her name, Angel or Heaven or something?” 
“Celeste.” Peter’s cheeks reddened. “It doesn’t matter. Not like she knows I exist, anyway.”
“Well, then, time to move on, isn’t it?” Bruce declared with a grin. 
The ancient car clunked to a stop right smack in front of the school as students who lived nearby locked their bikes in the rack beside it. To make matters worse, Brock and his entourage of football players walked by right at that moment. Peter grimaced. Whenever he visited Cole at their house and Brock was there, Brock just ignored him. But in public, he made a point of ridiculing Peter every chance he got, as if he considered it to be some sort of social obligation. Peter reluctantly climbed out, and opened the door to the backseat in order to retrieve his bag. He counted in his head: one, two, three…
On cue, Brock called out, “Hey, Stewart, did your dad get that hunk of metal from the junkyard?”
His buddy Harry chimed in. “Looks like something my Gran would drive!” They both sniggered and high-fived each other. 
Peter stiffened and shot back, “Yeah, well at least my dad bothers to drive me to school. Where’s yours, Brock, London again?” Peter knew from experience that there was no point in retaliating, but sometimes he couldn’t help it. He could tell from Brock’s face that he had hit the mark. 
“Peter!” Bruce hissed reproachfully. The passenger door still hung open and he could hear every word.
Brock shot back, “The only reason my dad doesn’t drive me to school is because we can afford a driver – something you can only dream about!” 
Before Peter could reply, Cole emerged from behind Brock and Harry. Brock and Cole rode to school together in the mornings. 
“Hey Pete! Hey, Dr. Stewart!” Cole called. He was oblivious as always to the bitter exchange between his brother and his best friend. 
Peter’s dad leaned to the side so that he could see Cole better and greeted him, “Hey, Cole, haven’t seen you in a while. How’s school going?” 
Cole answered him cheerfully, offering the sort of superficial information that could be conveyed in a couple sentences, but Peter stopped listening almost as soon as he had begun, distracted by a girl who was locking up her bike a few paces away. 
He had never seen her before, which was the first reason he noticed her. Having attended the same school for his entire life in a place as small as Norwich, new students were something of a novelty. She was rather plain-looking, with her curly hair pulled back into a ponytail and a smattering of freckles in a butterfly pattern across her cheeks and nose. 
The other reason he noticed her was because she was staring at him. She wasn’t just casually glancing in his general direction, either: she looked at him as if he had a second head, or was an escaped criminal. 
“Um,” Peter said, feeling very uncomfortable. “Can I help you?” 
“Where is it?” said the girl, almost accusingly. 
Peter looked over his shoulder, wondering if she was talking to somebody else. “Where is what?”
Then she closed her eyes like she was hitting a reset button, and when she looked at him again her expression cleared. “I’m sorry,” she said, too politely. Then she walked the few paces that still remained between them and stuck out her hand. “I’m Lily Portman. I’m new here,” she added. 
“You’re, uh, from London,” Peter said uncomfortably, referring to her accent. 
“Yes, I just moved here.” She was still scrutinizing him, and her eyes kept darting over his shoulder and all around him, as if she were cutting his silhouette from the air with her eyes.
“Right,” Peter said awkwardly. He had no idea what else to say.
“What’s your name?” Lily demanded.
“Peter!” Bruce called behind him, still in the car, and Peter jumped, startled. Bruce leaned out the window of the Fiat, and beckoned him with his index finger. Even though he had called Peter’s name, he looked at Lily, almost as intently as Lily had been staring at Peter the moment before. Lily followed behind him as Peter approached the car.
Peter turned back to Lily, feeling very flustered. “Um, Dad, this is Lily Portman… I guess,” he said, glancing back at her. It seemed strange to be introducing someone he had only just met. “Lily, this is my dad. And I’m Peter Stewart,” he added, realizing he hadn’t even given his own name yet. 
“I’m Cole Jefferson!” Cole piped up cheerfully, sticking out his hand. But Lily didn’t take it; she was still too preoccupied with the Stewarts. She looked from Bruce to Peter and back again, as if she couldn’t believe her own eyes.
“She’s from London,” Peter said to his dad, just to fill the silence.
“I see,” said Bruce very slowly, but something in his tone gave the impression that he was not responding to Peter’s comment. He said to Lily, “How long have you been here, then?”
“I just got here last week,” said Lily. 
“Ah. Is Norwich much different from London so far?” Peter noticed that Bruce emphasized the names of the cities, as if they were speaking in code. 
“They were exactly the same until this moment,” Lily responded, her voice thick and even.
Peter looked from Bruce to Lily and back again. Despite their superficial words, their eyes locked on each other as if there was a depth of understanding between them.
Peter shuffled his feet. “So the headmaster will be waiting for you, huh, Dad?” 
Bruce blinked at Peter as if he had forgotten he was there. “Oh! Yes, quite. I should be going.” Then he added earnestly, gesturing from Peter to Lily, “I do hope the two of you will be getting to know each other!”
Peter blushed, confused. “Sure,” he mumbled, and waved as his dad drove to the car park behind the headmaster’s office.
“What’s he talking to the headmaster about?” asked Cole, as if nothing strange had happened at all.
“Oh!” said Peter, seizing gratefully upon the subject change. “Dad wants me to work in one of the labs at the university. He’s going to work it out with Mr. Stone.”
“Pete, that’s brilliant!” Cole clapped him on the back. “Way to go, mate!” 
Lily fell into step beside them, without invitation. Cole carried most of the conversation, talking about homework, classes, Peter’s brilliant future research and a number of other topics that Peter tuned out, acutely aware of Lily’s presence on his other side. 
Since Cole was two years younger than Peter, his classes were in a different building. When their paths diverged, Cole said, “Well, meet you at the LCR for lunch!” and waved to both of them.
When he was gone, Peter and Lily fell back into an uncomfortable silence. 
Finally, Lily asked, “So what’s your first lesson?” 
“Maths,” Peter said stiffly. “Yours?”
“History,” she said, waving her timetable.
Their feet crunched over the fallen leaves strewn along the path. Peter became acutely aware of his arms and legs, and tried very hard to act natural, though he suddenly couldn’t remember how.
“So, why did you move here?” Peter asked awkwardly.
“I’m in the system. Foster kid,” said Lily, her voice flat, and she shrugged. “This is where they sent me.” 
“I’m sorry,” Peter said, not sure if that was the right thing to say or not.
“It’s fine, whatever,” Lily said flippantly, but then she amended after a pause, “I mean, actually it’s not fine at all, it’s horrible, but I reckon I shouldn’t say that to a complete stranger.”
Peter paused for half a beat. “Right.”
Lily bit her lip. “I did it again, didn’t I?” 
“Did what?” 
“I’m always just saying what I think. Other people don’t do that. You probably think it’s weird. Do you think it’s weird?” 
“Uh,” said Peter. He was grateful that they came to the door right then, so he could hide behind it long enough to regroup. He started to wish he could figure out how to end this conversation. “Well, I mean, I can’t say much. I’m not exactly popular either.”
“So you do the same thing, then?” she demanded, and Peter noted that she started scouring the air around him again. 
“Not... really, no.”
“But...” she leaned in and whispered conspiratorially, “how can you help it? When you hear them whispering to people, how can you just pretend you don’t? I know that’s what all my foster parents wanted me to do, and I tried to pretend, but I just couldn’t!”
Peter took a step backwards. 
Suddenly Lily’s expression faltered. “You do know what I’m talking about, don’t you?”
“Actually, no,” said Peter, contemplating how rude it would be if he just walked away, and whether he really cared. 
She stared at him for a minute, not comprehending. Then she stared over his shoulder again as if she were working out a calculation of some kind in her head.
“You keep doing that,” said Peter, getting annoyed. “When you first saw me, you said ‘where is it’. What did you mean? Did you think I was someone else or something?” 
“No,” said Lily, her frown deepening.
“Then what were you talking about?”
To Peter’s surprise, Lily planted a hand forcefully in the middle of his chest. Her expression was so earnest that he took an involuntary step backwards. “You really don’t know?” she demanded.
“N-no,” Peter stammered.
She turned just as abruptly and kept walking down the corridor. “Maybe it’s some kind of a genetic thing,” she muttered to herself, but loud enough that he could hear.
“What’s a genetic thing?” Peter persisted, frustrated. He jogged to catch up. “I think you’re doing this on purpose!”
“Your dad doesn’t have one either,” she went on, as if she hadn’t heard him.
“Would you please tell me what you’re talking about? He doesn’t have one what?” 
“This is my class,” said Lily brusquely, comparing the number on her timetable to the number on the door.
“Wait!” Peter scowled at her. “Aren’t you going to answer my question?”
Lily paused and regarded him for a moment. Her expression became briefly vulnerable, as if she were engaging in some internal debate, but then it hardened again and she said evasively, “It’s my first day. I don’t want to be late.” Her fingers curled around the door handle. “I’ll catch up with you later, okay? I know you might try and avoid me now, because lots of people do, but I hope you don’t, because I like you. Even if you are thick.” Then she flashed him a tentative smile that took him off guard after her aggression a moment before, and she ducked inside before Peter could respond. 
Peter wandered off to maths slowly, wondering what in the world had just happened.
Chapter 4

The door behind Lily softly clicked shut. Involuntarily, she glanced back over her shoulder through the window in the door, wishing Peter had been in the same class. Then she turned back around and surveyed the classroom. Even though there were no surprises and nothing she wasn’t used to, she felt claustrophobic. She hated enclosed spaces filled with people, and every one of the thirty or so desks had a student in it. 
And next to every student, of course, hovered a specter.
She wasn’t surprised to see them: they were everywhere, all over the campus at King’s just as they had been all over every campus she had ever attended, and attached to every person she had ever seen. Lily called them specters for lack of a better name. The specters were shadowy, wraith-like creatures that took different forms, depending, she supposed, on which form appealed most to an individual host. She could tell a lot about a person by the form his or her specter took, especially if the specter and host were entwined. Some of the specters were several paces away from their hosts, while others were so completely enmeshed that Lily couldn’t tell where the host ended and the specter began. The only people worth talking to were the ones whose specters were further away (like that kid Cole’s, she thought), because they were mostly capable of speaking for themselves. There was no point in trying to talk to the ones who were enmeshed. It was like talking to a puppet. 
Lily had been able to see the specters ever since her parents’ murder when she was six. Two robbers had broken into the Portman house late one October night, evidently not expecting anyone to be home. Lily’s parents had put her to bed hours before, but she was sneaking cookies from the pantry. There was a perfectly good hiding place behind the butcher block in the kitchen, but she froze in terror, standing in full view of the intruders. Lily’s father must have heard the noise downstairs, and he had grabbed the only weapon he could find, which was a crowbar. When the first shot fired and her father fell down dead, Lily had tried to scream, but had no voice. Seconds later, her mother ran frantically downstairs to see what had happened, and met the same fate. 
The strange part, however, was that neither of the robbers ever saw Lily at all. Apparently, they had not intended to kill, because they panicked and fled without taking anything – but not before they had looked around wildly for the fastest route of escape. At the very moment that their eyes ought to have fallen upon Lily, she saw it. 
Standing between Lily and the assassins was a creature, glowing but almost invisible, with pointed features and legs like a goat. Its back faced the two men as it cowered protectively over her, and Lily looked up into its wide, ageless eyes that seemed to sparkle with tears of understanding. It put a finger to its thin lips, telling her to be very quiet, until the robbers fled and left Lily in the desolate safety of her shattered world. She did not have to call the police: the neighbors had done it, hearing the shots fired. When the police arrived, Lily was able to choke out a full description of the attackers. One of them was apprehended later that night. The other was caught months later. 
Ever since that fateful night, Lily had seen the specters everywhere. But she seldom saw glowing specters, like the one that had saved her life that night. Most of them were ugly shadows, and they were always attached to a person, or else the person was always attached to it – she wasn’t sure which. 
The court placed Lily in the foster care system after her parents’ murders. None of her foster families kept her for very long, because they all thought Lily was mentally unbalanced. The trouble was, half the time Lily would respond not to humans, but to their specters, which gave her foster parents (and everyone else) the impression that she was clairvoyant or somehow touched in the head. When they confronted her about this, Lily told them frankly about the specters. In no time at all, she invariably found herself back at the agency. Social Services counselors completed reports suggesting that her wild imagination was simply a manifestation of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and predicted that she would eventually return to normalcy. 
Once Lily realized the problem, she tried not to tell people about the specters so readily. She tried to behave like everybody else, but it was very difficult to have a normal conversation when she could hear the soft, seductive words that the specter murmured to its human host: words that the host evidently interpreted as his or her own thoughts, and often repeated a second later. Two of the families had been concerned enough to refer her for counseling, but neither attempt had lasted long, since there were no clinical diagnoses for Lily’s condition. When she didn’t improve, she went straight back into the system. 
After years with no change in her condition, her social worker in London finally recommended complete relocation, hoping that the absence of familiar triggers would speed her recovery. “Maybe you just need a change of scenery,” the social worker said to Lily soothingly, patting her knee with a sympathetic smile. Lily knew that ‘you need a change of scenery’ was really code for ‘we want you to become someone else’s problem,’ and she said so. Her social worker, of course, responded with a very eloquent disclaimer (which Lily had promptly informed her was also complete bunk). 
Privately, Lily had also hoped for a fresh start, but she hadn’t really expected anything to be different in Norwich. 
“You must be Lily Portman,” said the teacher, a round woman with no neck and splotches of color on her cheeks. Lily tried to look at her face and smile, but it was hard not to stare at the specter sitting on top of her head. It was a squat little gnome-like creature, and it watched Lily with dull, stupid eyes, a trickle of drool dangling from its jutting lower jaw. 
“I am Mrs. Randalph,” said the woman with a bland smile. “I understand you are joining us from London.” She wore the same expression as the specter-gnome, minus the drool. 
One step shy of completely enmeshed, Lily thought, and started to grimace before she caught herself and bit her lip instead. People had accused her before of having a twitch for that habit. 
“There’s a seat for you over by the window there, dear,” said Mrs. Randalph, and pointed to a seat next to a very handsome curly-haired boy whom Lily thought she remembered seeing earlier that morning. His eyes appraised her, and then he looked away, obviously unimpressed.
Reluctantly, Lily hoisted her bag higher on her shoulder and approached the desk, trying not to look at the specter that entwined around the boy’s midsection. It was a dazzlingly beautiful woman with flame-colored hair that floated in brazen defiance of gravity, an unpleasantly ageless pixie face, and hollow, dead eyes. This didn’t surprise Lily in the least. Most teenage boys’ specters took a similarly feminine form. The specter-woman coiled around the curly-haired boy in a serpentine fashion, and she was whispering in his ear. 
Puppet, Lily thought, and made a face. But he was the closest student to where she was sitting. So she whispered, “Can I borrow your notes from the last few classes? It’s my first day.”
The specter-woman slithered around his midsection. Oh, look, the repulsive thing thinks she’s good enough to talk to you! she said, looking at Lily’s plain brown scarf in disgust. Ignore her. She’ll give up and learn her place.
“Actually I won’t give up,” Lily said pleasantly. The specter-woman looked startled. “And I already know you think I’m not pretty enough to warrant your attention, so let’s just take it that we’re all clear on that point. But I really do need those notes.”
Brock blinked at her, somewhere between confused and alarmed. “What are you… like a mind-reader or something?” 
“Or something,” Lily shrugged, and extended her palm towards his notebook, waggling her fingers. He obediently plunked the notebook into her palm, looking perplexed and angry that he’d obeyed her against his will. “Thank you,” said Lily sweetly, and winked at the specter-woman, who bared her teeth at Lily in response.
Ordinarily she didn’t find puppets this much fun. But today was different. Today she had hope, because for the first time in her life, she had met not just one, but two people who did not have specters at all. 

***

“So,” said Bruce pointedly, the moment he saw Peter that night. 
“What did Mr. Stone say about the lab?” Peter interrupted, before his dad could finish his thought. 
“Tell you in a minute,” said Bruce, distracted. “Did you talk any more to Lily?”
Peter’s expression darkened. “Yeah, about that,” he growled. 
“Well, what did she say? What did you say? Tell me about her!” said Bruce, tossing his blazer in the general direction of the coat rack without taking aim. He missed, and the blazer fell to the floor, where Newton sniffed it. 
“She’s….” Peter searched for an appropriate descriptor. “Weird,” he said finally. 
Bruce laughed. “I’ll bet!”
“Do you mind telling me why you’re so interested in Lily?” Peter asked, annoyed.
“For the same reason she’s so interested in you,” Bruce said with a shrug, and plopped onto the chintz sofa in their living room. He crossed one knee on top of the other, revealing his atrocious lucky socks. “Am I right in saying she’s interested in you?”
Peter’s face burned and he looked away. “No,” he said quickly, and then mumbled, “Not like that, anyway.” He sat down on the other end of the sofa and Newton leapt onto his lap. Peter absently stroked his long white fur.
“She was curious about you, though?” Bruce persisted.
Peter shrugged. “I guess so.” The truth was that he couldn’t think of a single motive to explain Lily’s behavior. On the surface, however, he had to admit it appeared that she had a certain fascination with him. 
“That’s because she’s a Seer,” Bruce said matter-of-factly.
Peter stared at him, not understanding what he meant for a second. It had been years since he had heard that term – seven years, to be exact. When he was little, he had only ever heard it in the context of legends. He leaned forward, forgetting that Newton was still reclining on his lap. The cat yelped in protest and leapt to the floor, tossing him a dirty look. “You’re telling me that she can see … the penumbra?”
“The nimbi, too, although there aren’t as many of them hanging about, of course,” said Bruce. 
Peter shook his head, too incredulous to know whether he was more amused or annoyed. The word penumbra, he remembered from his childhood, meant shadow, or eclipse. It was a word that Bruce used as a general term for all the wraith-like creatures of darkness that populated the versions of the Arthurian legends that he had told Peter as a child. Nimbi was the plural of nimbus, meaning ring of light. They were like the penumbra in essence, but they were good, and they fought against the penumbra on King Arthur’s side. Bruce had earnestly assured Peter that the stories were true, and Peter had believed them until he was about five, when doubts began to crowd out the fairy tales. By the time Peter was seven, he had convinced himself that they were only stories after all, and it was time to grow beyond such childhood fantasies. He wouldn’t let his dad tell him the stories after that, but Bruce still alluded to them from time to time, as if he were testing a boundary which Peter always held firmly intact. 
“You can’t be serious,” Peter managed.
“Of course I’m serious. I should know – I’m a Seer myself. I told you that when you were little –”
Without knowing what he was doing, Peter stood up and began to pace the room. 
“Did I say something?” Bruce asked.
“No,” Peter said, but not in response to Bruce’s question. “No, no, no. They don’t exist.”
“Why not? Just because you can’t see them?” 
“Because… because you’re a scientist, for crying out loud! How can you possibly believe –”
“As a scientist,” Bruce countered patiently, “I have been well trained to highly regard the evidence from my senses. I can see the penumbra and the nimbi, which means, as far as I can tell, that there are two possibilities. One is that I am insane. The other is that they exist. And since I know a great many other people who also can see them, I must conclude that the latter hypothesis is correct.”
“You… know others?” Peter repeated, but Bruce didn’t answer right away. Peter kept pacing for a few moments, and then said defensively, “That still doesn’t explain why Lily was so interested in me. If she can see a bunch of shadow creatures, so what? What have I got to do with it?”
Bruce paused for a moment. “Remember in the stories, Peter, what I told you about the penumbra?”
Grudgingly, Peter said, “Each one attaches itself to one person and tries to influence him.”
“Yes. And remember who the exceptions were? The only people who didn’t have one of the penumbra following them around all the time?”
“The Seers,” Peter muttered. 
“Exactly. The Seers aren’t going to be fooled by them, because obviously, they can see what’s going on. So Lily doesn’t have one, and I don’t have one. But here’s the strange part: you don’t have one either.”
Peter snorted. “Ha! That’s convenient.”
“Not really,” Bruce shrugged. “Even if you did, you wouldn’t know it. I’m willing to bet, though, that Lily has never met another Seer before, which means she’s never met anybody who wasn’t at least partially under the influence of the penumbra. Until she met you and me,” he added, and grinned.
“So if everybody else has one of the penumbra, why don’t I?” Peter challenged.
“I think there are several answers to that question,” Bruce said thoughtfully, “but I’m not allowed to tell you the most important one yet.”
“Not allowed?” Peter interrupted, exasperated. “Who won’t allow it? Isdemus again, I suppose?” 
“I can tell you, though,” Bruce continued, as if he didn’t hear the question, “that whenever one of the penumbra has tried to attach itself to you, even as a little boy, their words had no effect on you. Eventually they got frustrated and gave up.” He stifled a laugh and said with a faraway smile, “It was pretty funny, actually.”
Peter sank heavily back into the sofa again. “All right. So let’s just… say this is true. I’m not saying it is,” he added quickly. 
“But if it is,” Bruce nodded, “then your new friend Lily has probably spent most of her life thinking either that she’s insane, or else that she is the only person in the entire world who sees things the way they really are. That gets pretty lonely, let me tell you.”
“Okay, fine,” Peter said. “So what do you want me to do about it?” He stood up and crossed to the fireplace for no apparent reason, too restless to sit still. 
“Have her over for curry take-away night!” said Bruce cheerfully. Then he added more seriously, “She has a right to know the truth, don’t you think?”
“The truth?” Peter said, raising an eyebrow. 
“Sure,” said Bruce. “When it seems like everybody around you is influenced by one of the penumbra, it feels like the whole world has been taken over by aliens except for you. You feel helpless and alone. But she’s not helpless, and she’s not alone! I want her to know that she has a great purpose to fulfill, and incredible power!” 
“You mean like speaking photons into existence?” said Peter sarcastically.
“Laugh if you want,” Bruce shrugged good-naturedly. “Just know that in the not-so-distant future, I will be in the enviable position of saying, ‘I told you so!’” He stood up and pushed his sellotaped glasses further up his nose. “Ask her tomorrow,” he commanded as he left the room, and then added as a mischievous afterthought when he was halfway out the door, “If you don’t, I will!”
Peter groaned when he had gone, imagining a painful scene in which his father tried to explain to Lily that King Arthur was not just a legend, that the world was overrun by dark creatures that sought to control anybody who would let them, and that there was an ancient language of power that he would be more than happy to teach her. If Peter’s classmates made fun of him before, it was nothing compared to what he would face after that. 
He made up his mind then and there that Lily, one way or the other, would not be coming over for dinner. Ever.
Chapter 5

Henry Jefferson crossed the threshold of the Jefferson mansion first. “Wipe your feet,” he said shortly to his son behind him. Brock stopped short and resentfully pounded his football cleats on the doormat, dutifully untied and slipped them off his feet, and left them on the doorstep, entering the house in his sweaty socks.
“What did I tell you about passing, Brock?” Henry continued reproachfully. “You had the ball. You were unstoppable.”
“There were three guys on me, Dad,” Brock muttered.
“So you double back. You fake right and break left if you have to. But for heaven’s sake, you know McClellan can’t shoot to save his life.”
“It wasn’t his fault. O’Malley is just a good keeper –”
“Are you talking back to me?” Henry demanded.
“No, sir.”
“You are going to make team captain in a year, because why?”
“Because I’m the best,” Brock muttered.
“Damn right, you’re the best. You’re going to be Man of the Match this year if you don’t screw it up with too many foolish decisions.” As he said it, he loosened his tie, walked over to his mini bar, and poured himself a drink.
 Henry told Brock from the time he was little that he was better than other kids in every way, and expected him to live up to it. Brock thoroughly disappointed his dad academically, but to Henry’s delight, Brock’s gift for sports made up for it – unlike his younger brother Cole, whose poor depth perception and lack of coordination practically caused him to run into walls. As a result, Henry had almost no interest in his younger son. 
From Brock’s perspective, Cole had the better deal.
“Dad!” cried Cole in surprise when he came in. Usually Henry only came home on weekends.
“Hi, Cole,” his father muttered without so much as looking up.
Nonplussed, Cole said to his brother, “What’s up with you? You look like England just lost the World Cup.”
Brock risked a sullen look at his father and then glowered at the floor, but said nothing.
“Do I hear my boys?” called a voice like a streak of sunlight, immediately followed by a plump, bouncing blond woman who kissed all of them on the cheek in almost a single motion. Henry shrugged her off irritably without a word, and Brock wiped her lipstick off his cheek. Cole was the only one who greeted his mother cheerfully, but she didn’t seem to notice. “Where’s Peter tonight, Cole? I thought he was coming over.”
“Peter Stewart?” said Mr. Jefferson, looking up from his drink with mild interest. “You still hanging out with that boy?” he asked, gesturing to Cole.
“Yeah, he’s my best friend. But he said he had something to talk to his dad about tonight, Mum. Dr. Stewart was trying to get him a research spot in a physics lab at the university.”
“Very impressive!” said Henry, looking pointedly at Brock when he said it. “Now there’s a boy who’s going to make something of himself. Already headed to the university at fourteen, eh?” He raised his glass, as if he were making a toast, and added disapprovingly in Brock’s direction, “You’d do well to take a page out of Peter Stewart’s book.”
If possible, Brock’s expression grew even darker. He felt like making an obscene gesture at his father’s back, but he would never actually have the guts to do it. 
“The maid left dinner in the oven,” said Mrs. Jefferson, oblivious as always. “It’s your favorite, Brock: shepherd’s pie! Mmmm!” she intoned, rubbing her belly for effect as if she were speaking to a small child. 
Henry shot her a look of contempt and Brock said nothing, but Cole said, “Excellent!” and bounced into the kitchen.
“I’ve already eaten,” said Henry shortly. “I’ll be in my study tonight, and I do not wish to be disturbed.”
“Oh, no!” Mrs. Jefferson pouted. “You’re almost never home on a week night. Can’t you – “
“It’s a new account. I have to analyze the portfolio by tomorrow at 9.”
“But there’s always a new account –”
Brock took advantage of his father’s diverted attention and slipped off to the kitchen, stripping off his sweaty jersey and dropping it in the laundry room on the way. He could breathe easier when he and his father were not in the same room. 
When Brock saw Cole, he couldn’t keep silent any longer. “‘You’d do well to take a page out of Peter Stewart’s book!’” he mimicked. “Like anybody would want to be like that freak.”
Cole didn’t reproach him; he just studied his brother’s expression as he ate. “How come you hate Pete so much?”
Brock glared at him for a moment and then looked away. “I don’t hate him,” he said sullenly, and then added with a spiteful edge, “He’s not important enough to hate.”
“But you make fun of him all the time. I don’t know why you have to do that. He’s my friend. And he’s actually really nice and funny and interesting once you get to know him –”
“I don’t want to get to know him, all right?” Brock snapped, and Cole looked taken aback. Then Brock sighed, which was the closest he ever came to apologizing. “Why can’t everybody just leave me alone?”
A few minutes later Mrs. Jefferson blustered into the room, her face blotched with color left over from a heated conversation that she evidently lost. She nevertheless smiled enthusiastically at Brock and asked, “So how was practice tonight, dear?”
“I thought it was fine, until Dad showed up and told me otherwise,” Brock muttered.
“Oh, pish posh. Your father only wants the best for you, dear. Don’t you know that you boys are his pride and joy?”
Brock looked at her incredulously and nearly retorted something sarcastic, but her guileless expression reproached him, and he hadn’t the heart. “Sure, Mum.”
In some sense, of course, his mother was right that he was his father’s pride and joy, but not in the unconditional manner in which she meant it. It would have been truer if she had said, “You are the object of all his expectations.” In a bizarre sense that Brock did not fully understand himself, that fact made him both worship and loathe his father at the same time. 
Mrs. Jefferson took him at his word and smiled, obviously placated. Brock shoveled shepherd’s pie into his mouth without really tasting it and chased it with milk while his mother prattled in the background about some “he said-she said” drama from her day involving people he didn’t know and didn’t care about. 
	
***

“Hi. Mind if I sit here?”
Peter looked up from his desk by the window in Mr. Richards’ class to see Lily looking down at him. 
“Suit yourself.” Peter wasn’t overly eager to talk to her after their awkward conversation the day before, and especially not after his dad’s threat to tell her all about the Ancient Tongue. 
“Are you still mad at me for not answering your questions yesterday?” Lily asked.
“Why didn’t you answer me?” 
The rest of the students filtered in to the classroom, and Mr. Richards opened his briefcase to retrieve his notes for the day’s lesson. They didn’t have long to talk.
She paused for a moment, and then said, “Because I didn’t want to scare you away. At least not immediately.”
“So what you did instead was your attempt not to scare me away?”
Instead of answering, Lily asked baldly, “Do you think I’m insane?”
Peter blinked at her and weighed appropriate responses to that question. He finally settled on, “Possibly.”
“Well, I’m not!” Lily insisted, and tears sprung to her eyes. She tried to look away before Peter noticed, but she was too late. She whispered again earnestly, “I’m not!”
Peter was alarmed. “Okay, okay, sorry! Quit crying, will you? Why did you ask if you didn’t want to know?”
“I did want to know, that just isn’t what I wanted you to say,” Lily muttered, and brushed away her tears. Then she took a deep breath and changed the subject. “Tell me more about your dad.”
Peter felt his stomach turn over. The conversation was straying dangerously close to a subject he did not want to broach. “Why, what do you want to know about him?”
“Well,” Lily said carefully, “he seems very… unusual.”
Peter snorted. “You could say that.” 
Lily raised her eyebrows.
Peter regarded her for a moment. “He’s a physicist at the university.” There, he thought. That was safe.
Lily looked confused, and then disappointed. “He’s a scientist?”
“What’s wrong with that?” 
“Well, nothing…” she said, but didn’t sound convinced. “It’s just that scientists usually think that the visible world is the only thing that’s real.”
“Not necessarily. Ever heard of dark matter?” Peter quipped, although he didn’t really expect her to get the joke.
Lily ignored him and persisted, “Your dad didn’t strike me as the scientist type.”
“He’s… not,” Peter admitted. “I mean, he is a scientist, but he’s definitely not what you’d call typical. He tends to approach the world from the standpoint that anything is possible… and I do mean anything.”
Lily seemed slightly encouraged by this. “Do you think so too?”
“I believe in facts that can be experimentally determined,” Peter said firmly.
“Ugh!” said Lily, tossing her brown ponytail over her shoulder in disgust. “You’re even thicker than I thought!”
Peter suppressed a smile. Now she’ll never come for dinner.
But Lily wouldn’t let the conversation drop. “How is that possible?” she demanded. “You have to know that there’s more to the world than just this.” She gestured around the room with one hand, and added accusingly, “How can you not know that?”
“I have no idea what you mean,” said Peter stubbornly. 
“I don’t mean intellectually, or scientifically, or whatever. I mean here,” said Lily, making a fist and holding it to her gut. “In here, don’t you know that what you’re saying isn’t and can’t possibly be true – that not everything in the world can be explained by experiments?”
Peter was tempted to say he didn’t know what she was talking about, just so she’d shut up. But something about her passion kept him from doing it. “Well...”
Lily stared at him, holding her breath.
“In a way, I guess, but not really how you’re thinking,” Peter hedged. “I mean, it is true that nothing ever seems to change, but I don’t think that’s the way it’s supposed to be. We go to school, go home, do our homework, go to bed, wake up, and do it again the next day, until one day we go to work instead of school... but otherwise we repeat the same cycle all our lives. It just seems so…”
“Pointless?” Lily’s expression was eager to the point of embarrassment, and she leaned so far over the bar on her desk that it looked painful.
Peter nodded. “Exactly!” Before he knew what was happening, suddenly words tumbled out of his mouth like he was tripping over his own tongue. “It’s like… we’ve all missed something enormously important. It’s been staring us in the face all the time, but nobody knows what it is. So, even though we’ve all known about it ever since we were born, we pretend not to notice because we can’t identify it anyway, and it would drive us crazy if we tried. I’ve been pretending too, ever since I was seven years old…” Suddenly he caught himself and felt the heat rise to his face again. “I’m rambling.”
“Since you were seven?” Lily pressed, lowering her voice as the clamor in the classroom died down and Mr. Richards started drawing triangles on the blackboard. She continued in a whisper, “Why since you were seven?” 
“It doesn’t matter,” Peter whispered back, kicking himself.
“No. Tell me!” she demanded.
Suddenly Mr. Richards stopped drawing on the blackboard and turned around, his eyes settling on Peter and Lily in the back of the classroom. He didn’t say anything, but he gave Peter a mildly reproachful look. 
“I think we’re going to have to act like we’re listening for a bit,” Peter whispered, relieved to have an excuse to end the conversation. 
Lily nodded and opened her notebook to an empty page, where she began to scribble down all the notes from the blackboard she’d ignored in the previous several minutes. The page began to curl with the force of her pencil, and the lead snapped three times. 
About ten minutes later, when the rest of the class began to work in groups on the Pythagorean Theorem and it seemed safe to talk again, Lily persisted, “What happened when you were seven?”
Peter squirmed. “It’s nothing. It’s just that…” But her expression was so intense that he knew she wouldn’t give up until he gave her an answer. Well… what the heck, he thought. “My dad told me these stories when I was little, until I was seven years old. They were adventure stories, of knights and the Round Table and dragons and all that.”
“You mean like Arthurian legends?” Lily whispered.
“Yeah, but the stories seemed so… real. He told me they were real, too. It was almost like he’d been there. He talked about this world where people spoke and their words made things happen –”
“You mean like magic words?” she asked.
“No, not like magic.” Her complete credulity irritated him. Then he amended grudgingly, “Well, I guess a little like magic, but Dad called it the Ancient Tongue. Anyway, that’s not important. The point was that I felt like I belonged there, in a way that I’ve never belonged anywhere in all my life.” 
“So why did your dad stop telling you the stories when you were seven?”
Peter looked away. “Because by then, I knew they were just fairy tales.”
“You didn’t believe anymore,” Lily finished. She sounded disappointed.
Peter shook his head with a faraway expression. “No. I didn’t believe.” After a long pause, he whispered impulsively, “My dad wants me to invite you for dinner tonight.” The second it was out of his mouth, he wished he could take it back.
“Why?” she whispered, surprised.
“He… says he wants to talk to you.” What did I say that for? 
“Did he say what about?” 
“Yeah,” Peter muttered evasively.
“Well, what did he say?” she demanded.
Suddenly an idea occurred to him. “Tell you what. You answer my question, and I’ll answer yours. When you said yesterday that neither Dad nor I had one, what were you referring to?” Peter asked, and folded his arms across his chest smugly. 
She looked taken aback, but then muttered, “Fine.” Her eyes darted around the classroom as if she was gesturing at something. “Can you see them?”
Peter blinked. He thought he knew what she meant, but it took him a moment to believe it. “What?”
“The specters!” she hissed impatiently. “Can you see them?”
“You…” he stared at her, searching her face, but she was in earnest. “You’re serious?” 
Lily pursed her lips and then whispered in a very controlled voice, “Do I look like I’m kidding?”
“No,” he admitted. 
“No, I don’t look like I’m kidding, or no, you can’t see them?”
“Both. I mean, neither.” Peter was flustered. Now that she was saying it out loud, he found that he hadn’t actually expected this at all. “…But,” he searched her face, trying to gauge whether or not he should admit this before he finished reluctantly, “but my dad can.”
It took her a moment to absorb this. Something in her demeanor became almost timid as she asked, “But you believe in them, right?”
“Well…” Peter hesitated. 
The bell rang, cutting off the rest of his sentence, and Lily’s face hardened as if a curtain had fallen across it. “Of course you don’t, what am I saying? You’re a science guy,” she snapped venomously. Then she grabbed her things and left the classroom before Peter could stop her.

***

When Lily arrived in Mr. Collins’ class, the lab benches were already set up. She went to the far right corner of the classroom where the other bench was occupied, so that Peter couldn’t join her. She realized too late that its occupant was Brock Jefferson.
“I’m saving that seat,” said Brock in disgust.
“Tough,” Lily snapped. “I’m taking it.”
“What are you, stalking me or something? I don’t date ugly girls, just so you know.”
Lily was so caught off guard that she actually laughed out loud. Her laugh was loud, and everyone in the room turned to stare at her. “Don’t flatter yourself! I don’t date puppets.” She thought for a minute and added, “In fact, I don’t date.” Peter walked in just then and she could feel his eyes on her, but she looked away coldly.
“There’s a shocker,” Brock muttered, but his face turned a deep shade of maroon. He looked around, as if to see who else might be listening, and hissed to Lily, “What do you mean ‘puppet,’ anyway?” 
“I mean you’re controlled by that thing of yours,” she said matter-of-factly, gesturing at the specter that she knew he could not see. 
Brock balked at her for a second. It looked like he was about to retort something scathing when Peter cleared his throat next to Lily and said in a low voice, “Can I say something?” 
Before she could answer, Brock snapped, “No, Stewart, can’t you see we’re in the middle of a conversation here?” 
Brock’s specter-woman hissed, Well, you shouldn’t be! Find a way to end the conversation, now!
“Oh, please,” Lily rolled her eyes at him. “If you want to leave, then leave. I’m not stopping you.”
Peter looked from Lily to Brock with a confused expression. “He didn’t say he wanted to leave.”
“No, but she did,” Lily gestured at the specter again with her thumb. “Oh, I forgot, you think I’m insane. Well, I’m not stopping you either, am I? Move along, then!” And she waved him off as if dismissing a servant. 
Peter obeyed, looking even more perplexed than before.
She can’t tell you what to do! shrieked the specter to Brock. Don’t you dare get up and leave!
“Fine, suit yourself,” Lily shrugged.
Brock blinked at her, looking rather frightened. “Who are you?” 
“Lily Portman,” said Lily without looking at him, tossing her curly ponytail over her shoulder haughtily.
Peter was still watching Lily and Brock, so he absently sat next to Tiffany Bristol, who said, “Oh, no, you don’t!”, and promptly got up and moved to another table in a huff. 

***

Peter caught up with Lily after class, forgetting his usual shyness. 
“All right. So what if I don’t think you’re completely mental?” 
“I don’t care what you think,” said Lily coldly. 
“Yes, you obviously do.”
“The entire universe does not revolve around you, Peter Stewart!” she retorted. Then she tried to lose him, but he caught up to her and fell into stride. It was difficult, though, because she moved so quickly. She headed to her locker, clutching her books protectively to her chest, barely managing to keep a grip on them. Peter reached toward the stack and tried to wrench them away from her with some vague idea of trying to make it up to her by being a gentleman, but he forgot to explain what he was doing, and Lily didn’t let go. The result was a brief tug-of-war, after which the entire stack toppled to the ground, and one particularly heavy spine landed on Lily’s foot.
“Ow!”
“Oh! Sorry…”
They both stooped to retrieve the stack, Lily still grimacing in pain, and on the way down their heads collided with a sickening crack. 
“Sorry!” Peter repeated again, seeing stars and rubbing the top of his head. She glared at him, but he got what he wanted, which was eye contact. He continued the previous conversation. “I don’t think the universe revolves around me. I may be a lot of things, Lily, but arrogant isn’t one of them.” He laughed shortly and looked down at his skinny frame as he added, “I mean, what have I got to be arrogant about?” 
That got her attention, and she seemed to soften a little. 
Encouraged, he went on, “I’m just calling it like I see it. I thought you liked that quality, you seem to do it enough yourself.”
“That’s only because I don’t know how to do anything else.” She paused, and then added bluntly, “I just want to make sure you know that I don’t have a crush on you.”
Peter blinked at her. “Uh. Okay.”
“I mean with all this about how you know I care what you think – I just want that to be perfectly clear.”
“Fine,” Peter retorted. “I don’t have a crush on you either.”
“Good.”
Just then, Peter saw Celeste walk down the hallway, laughing melodiously and tossing her dark hair over her shoulder as she and Katie shared some private joke. Seizing on the opportunity to prove his point, Peter said, “Look, if you don’t believe me, see that girl?” Lily nodded and Peter lowered his voice as he confessed a bit defensively, “She’s the girl of my dreams.”
“Hmm,” Lily frowned and watched her walk away critically. “She has a serpent.”
Now it was Peter’s turn to be confused. “Sorry?”
“Her specter. It’s a serpent.” Peter was dumbfounded. “I don’t know how much your dad told you about the specters, but some people are so entangled with their creatures that you can’t tell where one ends and the other begins.” She gestured to Celeste with her head and made a face. “That girl is enmeshed.” Then she added, “I’m just saying you could do better, that’s all.”
Peter stared at her for a second and said finally, “Why are you so intense, anyway?”
“Because…” she looked away, suddenly seeming bashful. “Well, I don’t usually talk to real people.” Then she added hastily, “I know, I know that sounds crazy. But most of the people I know are enmeshed. When I talk to them, I’m not really talking to them. I’m talking to it. But you’re different. I never know what you’re going to say before you say it.” Then without warning she flushed and added, “I know you’re wrong and everything. But it still sucks that of all people, you think I’m crazy.”
“I said I don’t think you’re crazy,” said Peter.
Suddenly Lily’s eyes grew wide with unbridled vulnerability, and filled with tears. Hastily she muttered, “I’m sorry, I’m being stupid,” wiping them away. “You probably think I’m ridiculous.”
“No,” said Peter uncomfortably, “I just wish you’d stop crying about everything.”
To his surprise, Lily laughed. “It’s so weird.”
“What?” 
“When you tell me what you’re thinking, I just have to… take your word for it.”
Just then, Brock approached them with a most unwilling expression. His siren gave Lily a look that plainly wished her a painful death, but Brock said through gritted teeth, “Want to know if you want to see a movie with me tonight.”
Lily blinked at him in surprise, and she and Peter exchanged a look. Peter held up his hands as if to say, don’t look at me. 
“Why?” said Lily suspiciously. She addressed the question to the siren.
Because Harry bet you box tickets to the football game this weekend that you can’t get her to go out with you now, that’s why! snapped the siren furiously. It’ll ruin your reputation. Don’t you dare! Those tickets are not worth it!
“Ah, I got it,” said Lily. “So you get the tickets, but what’s in it for me?” 
Brock’s mouth fell open, and Peter looked from Brock to Lily and back again, trying to track the conversation. Brock recovered quickly, though, and said, looking rather nauseated, “You get instant status for being seen with me.”
Peter laughed aloud incredulously.
“I see. And I care about that because?”
Forget it, just walk away! shrieked the siren. 
Brock was momentarily dumbfounded again. “How can you not care about status?” he said before he could stop himself.
Lily laughed coldly. “When you’ve seen as much as I have, you’d be surprised at how superficial your little social world seems.” Then she tilted her head to the side and cast another look at Peter, who was almost as flabbergasted as Brock. She looked back at Brock and said unexpectedly, “All right. You’ve got a deal.”
“Fine,” said Brock shortly, as his siren let out a howl of frustration. “Meet me at the cinema in Norwich at five thirty.” Then he turned on his heel and stalked off, looking quite happy to end the conversation.
“What… in the world…” Peter began, gesturing from Lily to Brock and back again. “What did you do that for?” 
Lily shrugged. “I dunno. Just to make his siren mad, I guess. She’s really annoying.”
“His what?”
“Brock’s specter,” she explained. “Like from ‘The Odyssey’ – you know the sirens on the island that tried to lure Odysseus and his men to their deaths? Loads of teenage boys like Brock have these stunningly seductive female specters, so I sometimes call them sirens.” Then she added, “You have no idea what a relief it is to be able to say stuff like that out loud!”
Peter shook his head incredulously. “You are –”
Lily cut him off, “If you say barking, Peter, I swear –”
“I was going to say fantastic!” he held up his hands, laughing. 
Lily regarded him for a moment, and then a smile curled the corners of her lips. “You know what would make this even better?”
“What?” 
“If you came too.” She grinned wickedly.
Peter stared at her like she’d grown an extra head. “You’re not serious. On your date?” 
“Well, it’s not a real date, is it? Besides, you’re an even bigger social misfit than I am, he’ll absolutely hate it.”
He blinked. “Gee, thanks.”
“Hey, not like it’s a secret, is it? Took me like a day to figure that out.” She shrugged. “Then maybe after the movie, we can go have dinner with your dad.” 
Peter winced, but then he thought about it. What was the harm now, really? Lily already believed everything his dad would be likely to tell her, and she was even more anxious to keep the whole thing a secret than he was. Besides, he couldn’t think of any better explanation than the penumbra for the conversation he’d just seen Lily carry on with Brock. If both she and his dad saw the same creatures (and his dad had claimed there were also others, hadn’t he?), and if they weren’t insane, then there had to be some scientific explanation. The more he could learn about what it was they thought they were seeing, the more likely it would be that he could form some sort of hypothesis about it. 
Aloud, Peter said, “Okay, on one condition. You never, ever, ever repeat to anybody what my dad tells you!”
Lily rolled her eyes. “Please. As if anyone would believe me anyway!”

***

“You’re doing what?” Cole laughed heartily, clutching his side so it wouldn’t split. “Can I please, please come along? Just to see the look on Brock’s face?”
Peter looked up. “Would you? I can’t believe I let her talk me into this, but if you’re there, maybe you’ll get the brunt of it.” 
Cole cackled. “Don’t worry, Brock’s just a big coward at heart. Aw, he’s gonna love this!” 
They sat on the edge of the lake on the school grounds, their feet dangling over the water with shoes and socks still on because it was much too cold to wade. Classes were out for the day and they were killing time before heading home. After a few moments’ thought, Cole added, “What does your dad want to talk to Lily about afterwards, anyway?”
Peter bit his lip and skipped a pebble across the water. He had told Cole about both the movie and dinner with his dad afterwards, but he had made it clear that his dad wanted to speak to Lily alone. He didn’t want to make Cole think his dad was a nutter either, and he also felt compelled to protect Lily’s secret, even though she hadn’t specifically asked him to, and she didn’t seem to protect it very well herself. “Long story,” he said evasively.
Cole accepted this and changed the subject. “So you think we should just show up at the cinema, then?”
Peter grinned back. “Let’s do it.”
Cole flagged down a taxi as it pulled up to the front of the school. Ordinarily they took the buses, since they were cheaper, but the buses had been on strike for the past week and a half, which was not uncommon in Norwich. 
Several yards away, far enough that neither Peter nor Cole noticed him, but close enough that he could hear every word, a skinny young teenager with a jagged scar across his right cheek strolled casually to a silver Land Rover that did not belong to him, and followed the taxi into town.
Chapter 6

“Shut your face. That is not what it says,” said Cole, deadpan. He and Peter stood in front of the cinema, and Peter had just read Lily’s text message that told him the title of the film she and Brock were going to see. “’Revenge of the Hell Child 3?’”
Peter snickered as he paid for the tickets at the kiosk. “Guess he wanted to make really sure it didn’t seem too romantic.”
“It’s only rated 12A,” Cole observed, and said doubtfully, “so maybe it won’t be as gruesome as it sounds…”
 They ducked inside the darkened cinema, which still flashed trailers on the screen. Except for a smattering of people here and there, most of the seats remained empty. That usually happened in the cinema on game days.
“So does this mean you like this girl or what?” Cole whispered, right as Peter caught sight of Brock and Lily sitting only two rows from where they stood.
“Shh!” Peter hissed in horror, hoping she hadn’t heard. “No, I like Celeste, you know that!” 
Both Brock and Lily looked up at Peter’s shushing noise, and Lily broke into a grin. Brock’s face, however, went through a series of permutations ranging from shock to incredulity to seething fury. He finally settled on the latter.
“What are you doing here?” he hissed. It wasn’t clear whether he meant Cole, Peter, or both.
“Oh, hey Brock!” said Cole casually, as if running in to them was a complete coincidence. “Hi Lily! Funny seeing you here. Pete and I were both just saying how we fancied a good horror flick this afternoon, weren’t we, Pete?” 
Peter had never seen Brock so angry, and that was saying something. He found it a little alarming and wondered how Brock would make him pay for his importunity, but he still had to admit, it was rather funny. “Absolutely,” he choked out.
“Pick a different one,” Brock said through gritted teeth, emphasizing every word.
“Oh, Brock, it’s okay,” said Lily, playing along, as if she really thought Brock protested for her sake. She actually winked at Peter, and he swallowed the nervous giggle that almost escaped unbidden. “I don’t mind! There’s plenty of room. Why don’t you guys come and sit by us?”
“Hey, thanks!” said Cole gallantly. “Don’t mind if we do!” 
As he scooted past Brock to Lily’s other side, Brock snarled to his brother under his breath, “If you don’t leave right now, I will kill you in your sleep.”
Cole smiled winningly and whispered back, loud enough that both Peter and Lily could hear, “You wouldn’t want your lovely date to think you were ungenerous, now, would you?”
Lily shook silently with laughter. She caught Peter’s eye and he grinned back, feeling himself begin to relax. Perhaps this wouldn’t be so bad after all.
“Do you mind?” hissed a pockmarked teenage boy behind them. “The movie’s starting!”
Peter sat next to Lily. Cole settled in on Peter’s other side and whispered, “I’m pretty sure this will be a complete waste of an hour and a half, but even so, that was totally worth it!”
Several minutes and about twenty superfluous deaths into the movie, Peter glanced at Lily’s profile, illuminated by the flashing screen. He whispered under his breath, quietly enough that only she could hear, “So how’s it going?”
“We’d only just gotten here. Your timing was perfect,” she breathed back with a grin. 
“How’s the, uh, siren taking it?”
“She’s livid, of course. She’s plotting your untimely deaths.”
“We’ll have to watch our backs, then,” Peter joked. But he half wondered if Brock might actually make good on the threat.
Lily went on, “So are we getting a taxi to your house for dinner after this?” 
Cole heard them and leaned in to listen. Brock stared stolidly at the screen, his teeth gritted. 
 “That’s the plan,” Peter whispered back. “I have about thirty quid on me in cash.”
Cole leaned in. “Pete, I just remembered something.”
“What?” 
“There’s a football game going on.”
Peter’s face fell. “Oh no.”
“So what?” said Lily.
“The game will be getting out right when we’re headed to my place,” Peter explained, “which means all the taxis will probably be full. We could be stuck here for hours.”
Brock leaned forward and hissed, looking at Peter and Cole, “Will you two shut up?” He couldn’t hear what they were saying, but the sound of their consonants carried, and Lily’s back had been turned toward him for the past several minutes as she whispered to Peter. 
Lily exchanged a look with both Peter and Cole, who shrugged. They knew she was asking if they had any better ideas, but neither of them did. 
“Hey, Brock?” she whispered.
He looked at her suspiciously.
“My foster parents aren’t going to be home for a while, and I was wondering if your driver wouldn’t mind dropping me at Peter’s house afterwards?”
Peter and Cole both winced.
“No way,” said Brock, folding his arms across his chest. “Find your own way there.”
“You do realize I can call Thomas for a ride too,” Cole whispered to his brother, leaning across Peter and Lily. “In fact I’ll text him right now, and you can either come with us to Pete’s or wait here until he’s done dropping us off…” he pulled out his phone and flipped it open.
“Fine!” Brock snapped, his eyes flashing at his brother. “I am so gonna kill you, you have no idea!” 
In response, Cole flipped his phone shut with a self-satisfied smirk. 
The pockmarked kid kicked the backs of their seats. “Seriously! What is your problem?” he hissed, and emphasized his irritation with several choice expletives. 
Two seats down from the pockmarked kid and directly behind Peter, the teenager with the scar sat with his elbows on his knees, head low. He appeared to be watching the screen, but was close enough to hear nearly every word Peter said. He had heard enough now, though. He stood up and walked out.

***

Kane exited the cinema and headed toward Café Orion across the street, his long gray overcoat swinging at his knees and concealing his skinny frame. He ordered a coffee and pretended not to notice that the girl behind the register was staring at his scar. He knew that the combined effect of the overcoat and the scar made him look a bit frightening and much older than his fourteen years – a fact that he rather enjoyed. When he retrieved his coffee, Kane settled himself on the nearly deserted patio, with a clear view of the cinema exit. The four teenagers would have to pass right by him on their way to the Jeffersons’ car anyway. 
Kane had been waiting for an opportunity like this one for a very long time. Ideally he would not have to involve the other three (not to mention their driver), but he didn’t see any way around that. Cole and Lily were probably both destined to end up living in Carlion anyway – especially Lily, since she was obviously a Seer, and Cole would probably become one the moment somebody told him of the existence of the penumbra and the nimbi. Isdemus would forgive him for their involvement. Brock and the driver were a bit more of a complication, but they had the car, so Kane supposed their presence couldn’t be helped. 
Just then, the group emerged from the cinema. They weren’t moving very fast, so Kane knew he had plenty of time before he would be in any danger of losing their trail. Not for the first time, Kane narrowed his eyes at Peter, wondering what in the world everybody thought was so special about him. 
 Peter had a scrawny frame; no other word could describe it. Moreover, he was fourteen, Kane’s own age, and he still had yet to become a Seer, despite having heard the legends all his life, nor had he discovered his power yet (while he, Kane, figured it out with no help from anyone by the time he was eight). Peter certainly possessed intelligence, but most of that was probably because he studied constantly, due to his status as a social reject. He has to do something with his time, Kane thought scornfully.
 In spite of all contrary evidence, Isdemus still insisted that Peter was the Child of the Prophecy, so the rest of the Watchers also believed – because of course, Isdemus never makes mistakes, Kane thought bitterly. The others therefore assumed blindly that Isdemus must know something that the rest of them did not. Peter’s bloodline did come from King Arthur, though – that much he couldn’t deny. 
But so did Kane’s.
Or at least it might. Kane’s mother died when he was four, and he never knew his father. Isdemus found him in an orphanage when he was eight years old. Moreover, he was the youngest member of the Watchers ever inducted, and Isdemus himself had practically raised him. Also, Kane’s gift of the Ancient Tongue was one of the rarest and most powerful of all: he could manipulate air, which made him effectively telekinetic. So far, the energy within Kane’s own body limited the size and speed of the objects he could move with the Ancient Tongue, but every day he got closer and closer to the threshold of his own capability. The vivid scar on his cheek was a constant reminder of his failed attempts… but I will not always fail. I will prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Isdemus and the rest of the Watchers are wrong about Peter Stewart.
The four quarreling teenagers rounded the corner, walking towards the car park where Thomas waited for them, giving Kane enough of a buffer that they wouldn’t notice him. He left his half-empty cup of coffee on the round wooden table and ducked out of the café, jogging towards the silver Land Rover he had hot-wired. He was three years too young to drive, but rules like that had never stopped him before. 
Even if Kane lost sight of the others completely, he knew exactly where they headed. He could drive the route to Peter’s house blindfolded. 
When he got to the car, Kane turned the ignition and picked up speed. Once out of the city, the country road meandered for miles and miles without any cross streets feeding into it. So when Kane saw the Jeffersons’ BMW ahead, he knew it was the only other vehicle on the road: there was no traffic. The city was jammed with people just getting out of the football game, but none of them had yet made it this far out. He slammed his foot on the accelerator, passing the BMW so quickly in the oncoming traffic lane that he was sure they picked up speed from the draft he left in his wake. Then he looked in the rearview mirror and smiled. Kane sped even faster until the Jefferson car’s headlights disappeared behind him. 
Finally, he came to the only blind bend in the road. He cleared it just far enough that the Jeffersons’ driver would be able to see him and hit the brakes, but not so far that he’d actually have time to stop. Then he slowed down and parked his car mostly on the shoulder of the road, but with the back edge purposely jutting out into the oncoming lane, like a target. He killed the lights, and got out of the car. They should be only minutes behind him.

***

In the moonlight, the road stretched out in front of the Jeffersons’ BMW like a ribbon, winding and bright. It was a full moon and there were no other cars on the road. It was eerie.
Towards the second half of the movie, Peter finally began to enjoy having the upper hand over Brock for once. He felt like he was paying Brock back, just a tiny bit, for his role in defining Peter as a social outcast. 
Now the silence was uncomfortable, though. Thomas didn’t seem to realize that anything was wrong, and periodically whistled to himself. 
Unexpectedly a pair of headlights appeared behind them and approached so rapidly that it almost looked as if he intended to slam into the back of them. At the last second, the other car zipped to the side and sped off into the distance.
“Come on!” Brock shouted angrily. 
“Now, now, there’s no need to get testy, Master Brock,” said Thomas.
“I’ll show you testy,” Brock grumbled. He was sitting shotgun and cast a venomous look in Thomas’s direction.

*

Kane waited, and tried to slow his breathing to a normal rate. He told his heart to be still. 
This won’t be a big deal, he told himself. The accident couldn’t possibly be too severe, since all Thomas could hit was the back corner of the car Kane had left parked in the road. Worst case scenario, both cars would spin a little. But if an accident happened at all, if Peter couldn’t prevent it, that would be enough to prove to the Watchers that Peter Stewart was not who they thought he was. 

*

“Excuse me, Thomas,” Peter said nervously, “there’s a sharp turn up ahead. You might want to slow down –” 
Thomas began to hit the brakes, and he would have done so in plenty of time if not for the flash of silver that suddenly appeared in front of them. They only had enough time to catch a glimpse of it before –
CRASH. 
The screeching wheels, the poof of the airbag, and the crunch of metal mingled with the sounds of five terrified screams.

*

 Before Kane could process what was happening, suddenly the Land Rover was airborne. The BMW had clipped it just right, and now even from his peripheral view on the side of the road, he could make out all five of their faces, with mouths gaped open in terror.
All he thought was, Oh.

*

So this is how I’m going to die? Peter thought, and at the same instant, he was vaguely aware that he was shouting a word he didn’t recognize.
“Reoite!” 
Then, just at the moment when impact should have occurred, the entire scene vanished. Suddenly he was standing in a peaceful green meadow, with the image of a rainbow spread out before him…

*

Cole heard Peter shouting somewhere in the back of his mind, but it didn’t register until several seconds later. Or was it minutes? 
The Land Rover hovered over the windshield like a silver omen of death, but it hung. It didn’t fall. Cole heard Lily whimper. Then he turned and looked at Peter.
Peter’s arms were outstretched toward the windshield, and his eyes were locked on the vehicle. He looked like he was in some sort of trance, but he was trembling all over, as if he was bench pressing the weight of the car with his muscles, and sweat poured from his forehead.
Cole stared at Peter, whose eyes were still locked on the Land Rover. Cole made the only logical assumption and shouted, “Well, set it down then!”

*

Peter blinked. What did that mean?
That was the moment Peter realized that he was the one holding up the Land Rover. By the looks of it, no time had elapsed at all. All at once he became aware of his body again, trembling uncontrollably from a massive surge of adrenaline. His lips started speaking again without his permission.
 “Droim ar ais!” Peter cried, and he twisted one arm over the other as if he knew what he was doing.
 
*

The Land Rover flipped right side up again. Kane heard a clunk somewhere toward the back of it where heavy objects, probably the spare tire and tool kit, responded to the demands of gravity, and then he saw the tires absorb the weight of the vehicle as it made contact with the ground again, ever so gently. With only a split second’s hesitation, Kane ran to the drivers’ side door and got in.

*

The moment the Land Rover touched down and Peter released it, he felt the familiar sensation of blood draining from his head and rushing to his limbs. They felt like they were made of jelly, and his heart threatened to leap from his chest. Cole clutched the seatbelt with one hand and the door with the other, still bracing himself for the impact from above that hadn’t occurred. He was breathing in quick, labored gasps.
None of them knew how much time had passed. Lily began to move first, crawling over Cole and opening the car door almost as if she didn’t expect it to work. She tested her feet on the pavement, and once she was certain they would support her weight, she began to walk unsteadily toward the Land Rover. Peter spilled out onto the road behind her, still shaking.
Lily turned around. “All right, Peter?”
“Not really,” Peter admitted. “You?”
“I’m… not sure,” she confessed. “We have to make sure the other driver’s okay.”
“There was no other driver,” said Peter, trembling. “Just a guy standing right…” But he turned to where he had seen the face with the scar a moment before, and there was no one there. He bit his lip uncertainly. He must have imagined it.
Cole and Brock reluctantly got out behind them, both leaning on the side of the BMW for support. Thomas was still sitting in the front seat, in shock. Brock recovered before Cole, but instead of joining Peter and Lily, he circled around to the side of the BMW to inspect the damage.
“Bloody hell!” he cried when he saw the crumpled front end of the BMW. He pointed at Thomas accusingly through the windshield and shrieked at him, “Dad is gonna kill you!” 
As Peter and Lily approached, the driver’s side door of the Land Rover opened, and they both stopped short. 
The young man who stood before them looked to be in his teens, except for the expression on his face, which made him look older. He was skinny like Peter, as if his body had simply never filled out after his last growth spurt. He had a jagged scar across his right cheek, and he was wearing a full-length gray overcoat. But it was his expression that made Lily step back, right into Peter, who buffered her with his hands. The boy ignored her, but he glared at Peter with mingled shock and murderous hatred.
Peter still stood with his hands on the backs of Lily’s arms as he met the boy’s eyes. He had intended to ask if he was all right, but what came out instead was, “Do I know you from somewhere?”
Lily turned around and gave Peter an odd look, but no surprise registered on the strange boy’s face. Instead, he broke into a smile and gave a short, derisive laugh, his plump bottom lip revealing teeth spaced too far apart. 
“Do you know me?” repeated the boy, taunting. “Oh, let’s see. Maybe you’ve seen my face in your bedroom window at night? Or under the oak tree on the other side of the lake at King’s, watching you while you eat lunch with Mr. Richards? Or maybe you’ve seen me at the book shop where you studied M theory all last summer, sitting two tables down. But I doubt you’d remember any of that. You never pay much attention to your surroundings.”
Peter’s eyes went wide and he stepped to Lily’s side in order to directly face the boy. “Who are you?” 
“Peter,” Lily whispered nervously, grabbing his arm.
Alarmed by the urgency in her voice, he followed her gaze. At first, Peter thought the edge of the tree line had begun to move. Then he saw a head and pair of rounded shoulders as tall as the tree tops. All around and beside it, more shapes emerged from the shadows. Most of them were vaguely humanoid, meaning they had two arms, two legs, a torso and a head, but that was where the resemblance ended. Beyond that, their features varied, from one eye to more eyes than he could count; from dazzlingly beautiful smiles to fangs dripping with green venom; from the size of a pixie to the size of a small house. 
And every single one of them stared directly at him.
Chapter 7

Peter froze, as if any sudden movements might provoke an attack. “Is that them?” he said to Lily, keeping his voice as even as he could. 
Before she had a chance to answer, a row of six bare-chested men broke ranks. They all stood about a head taller than Peter, and they moved very strangely. It took Peter a moment to realize it was because they had four legs instead of two… and fur covered the legs.
 Behind them, Thomas had apparently gotten out of the car, but his voice sounded weak, like he was in danger of fainting. “What… the hell… are those things?” 
“You can see them?” Lily asked, amazed. She looked back at the army approaching from the trees and bit her lip. She seemed to be trying to figure something out.
 “Here we go,” said Kane through clenched teeth. He pulled the edge of his overcoat back to reveal the scabbard of a sword, and squared off defensively against the creatures, ready to spring into action. 
Lily looked at the sword and then back at the creatures, and suddenly her expression cleared. “They have bodies!” she breathed. “Guys, RUN!”
Peter spun and began to sprint in the direction of the cars, but Kane, who stayed right on their heels, called, “Not the cars! Get to the portal!” 
“The what?” Peter shouted.
“Edge of the forest! Go! I’ll cover you, just run!”
“Where?” Lily shrieked frantically. In front of them, Cole and Brock sprinted away from both the cars and from the army of penumbra. Thomas alone ignored Kane’s direction and ran back towards the BMW.
All of the creatures advanced on the teenagers as one, but the centaurs moved fastest. They were only meters away from Kane, who lagged behind the other four.
 “Veer to the left!” shouted Kane behind Peter. “To the Grandfather Tree!”
“What’s the Grandfather Tree?” Brock yelled.
When Kane didn’t answer, Brock and Cole turned frantically to see what was happening. Just as Kane pulled his bloody blade out of the flank of one of the centaurs, a sallow creature with red eyes and razor-sharp teeth leapt for his throat. With one motion he slashed open its abdomen, but there were six more penumbra right behind it.
Just then, four more creatures appeared. They were like the penumbra, except these were radiant, like enormous fireflies. Two of them looked like seraphs and the other two looked like elves, and they fought with Kane against the hoards of penumbra. 
Somewhere behind them all, the BMW sprang back to life and they heard Thomas’ wheels peeling out. Apparently, the penumbra had chosen to ignore him.
Ahead of Peter, Lily stumbled in her haste to make it to the tree. Peter caught her and propelled her forward with one motion, even as he sprinted in the same direction.
“That one!” Peter said, and pointed. “Has to be!” 
The tree about a hundred yards before them had a trunk that looked like five trees had all grown together and their roots had merged. It alone created a canopy that blocked the light of the moon.
“Now what?” Lily whimpered as they came up short.
Kane had apparently managed to extricate himself from the penumbra and ran toward the teenagers again, while the radiant creatures continued to fight off the penumbra behind him. “Run straight at it!” 
All four of them looked at each other in a mixture of fear and terror, certain they had misheard.
“Do it!” 
One of the glowing seraphs broke away from the three hags he was fighting and ran towards the teens instead. Lily was closest to the Grandfather Tree, but she stood before it petrified and immobile. Before she could utter a word of protest, though, the creature picked her up and hurled her directly at the trunk. Just as Peter opened his mouth to scream, she disappeared. 
Brock hesitated only a second after Lily, but as soon as he understood what had happened, he ran flat out at the trunk and vanished also, with Cole right on his heels. Peter turned around to look back.
Kane and the glowing creatures only just managed to hold the penumbra off, but the army moved closer to Peter and the Grandfather Tree with every passing second. Kane lodged his sword in the abdomen of a grayish creature with lumpy flesh, but then he couldn’t free it. Another half a second, and the remaining centaurs would trample him to death. 
One of the radiant elves threw itself in front of Kane, causing the centaurs to rear back on their hind legs. Shielded from one side, Kane whipped another glittering dagger from beneath the leg of his trousers just in time to bury it between the eyes of a creature with bluish-green scales, who lunged at him from the side. 
To Kane’s other side, the other lithe, shimmering elf drew back the bow he held and embedded a quick succession of arrows into the chest of a giant who closed in on them. Kane unstrapped a dirk from his forearm and in the next instant, he buried it deep within the chest of a beast that was almost upon him, and looked something like a lion with feathers. The beast collapsed, and several of the creatures behind it tripped over its carcass, landing heavily and narrowly missing Kane himself. Kane leapt to his feet and stumbled towards Peter. 
 “Stewart!” Kane cried furiously, and Peter understood. Defying all logic, Peter sprinted as fast as he could directly at the trunk of the Grandfather Tree. When he was so close that he could not have stopped if he’d wanted to, he suddenly felt a peculiar and unpleasant sensation unlike anything he had ever felt before, like a hook grabbing his innards and yanking him forward. He wasn’t sure if it was more like an out-of-body experience, or a particularly nasty bout of the flu. 
The next thing he knew, Peter found himself face down in the middle of a hallway. His nose landed in a thick red upholstered rug, and he inhaled a load of dust and sneezed. He looked up and saw Lily, Brock, and Cole huddled to the side, eyeing him in alarm.
“Better get out of the way, mate,” said Cole. “He’ll be right behind you –”
“Oof!” said Peter. Cole’s warning came too late: Kane landed on top of him. “Get off!” Peter cried.
“Oh, excuse me for saving your life!” Kane snapped, putting a knee roughly into Peter’s spine as he stood up. Peter cried out and scowled at him, certain he’d done it on purpose. 
“Can they follow us?” Lily asked anxiously, pointing at the wall. Peter turned, and saw that the hallway they were in was empty except for a long row of framed pictures, with small handwritten labels beneath each one. Some of the pictures were paintings and some were photographs of everything from bowls of fruit to impressionist scenes. The one that Lily pointed at was a photo of the Grandfather Tree, and beneath it sat the label, “Grandfather Tree, Enchanted Forest, East Anglia.”
“Nope,” said Kane, brushing himself off. He definitely looked worse for wear: he was bleeding freely from his right forearm from what looked like a half-moon of identical puncture wounds (bite marks, Peter thought, remembering the creature with the sallow face and red eyes, and shuddered), and two large welts began to form on his forehead and cheekbone. He staggered to the side with a limp, suggesting an injury to his leg, as well. “Don’t worry, the portal is heavily guarded. Even though they watched us disappear, the penumbra will never find it.”
“Guarded by what?” said Cole.
“The sentinels,” said Kane, as if that explained everything. “The nimbi take turns protecting it from discovery.”
“What’s a nimbi?” said Cole.
“It’s the plural of nimbus,” Peter said dully. “They were the glowing creatures, I think. It means ring of light. Like a halo.” His head throbbed, and the blood still thundered in his ears. 
“You saw them?” Lily demanded of the group. “You all saw them, right? All the specters?” 
Peter stared at her, and Kane’s upper lip curled. “They’re called penumbra, sweetheart.”
“Well, nobody else has ever seen them before!” she cried shrilly. “And I’m not your sweetheart!”
“How unfortunate for me,” said Kane dryly.
“Where’s the forest?” Cole muttered, pointing at the picture of the Grandfather Tree. “I don’t understand. Where’s the forest?” 
“We teleported out of it,” said Lily matter-of-factly.
“Ignore him,” said Kane, gesturing at Cole. “He’ll snap out of it.”
Brock sank to the floor and put his head in his hands, ignoring Cole’s question. “I can’t believe Thomas just took off like that.”
“But where’s the forest?” Cole persisted.
“I think I’m dreaming,” said Brock. 
“I think I’m dreaming!” Cole echoed. 
Peter looked at Kane again. His face was a tightly drawn mask. 
“Who are you?” Peter demanded. “What is this place? What happened back there?”
Kane’s eyes met Peter’s, their expression unreadable. “My name is Kane,” he said finally, “and I am the youngest member ever to be inducted into the secret organization known as the Watchers. This,” he gestured to the hall around them, “is what we call the Commuter Station. It’s in the second basement of the Watcher Castle.”
“Watchers?” said Lily. “What are you watching for?”
Kane’s mouth stretched into a bitter, tight-lipped smile, and his eyes narrowed in Peter’s direction. 
“Him.”

Before Peter had recovered from the shock of that statement, they heard a crack like a sonic boom. All four of them jumped, and suddenly there appeared the ugliest creature any of them had ever seen (which, that night, was quite saying something). It, too, was solid as the creatures in the forest had been, and it resembled a glowing baby with the face of a middle-aged man. It hovered aloft by means of a pair of wings that looked much too small for its body, causing it to pant from the effort. 
“Fides Dignus!” cried Kane.
“That’s a nimbus,” Lily whispered to Cole. 
“That’s just… wrong,” Cole whispered back, looking nauseated. “It’s like a demented valentine…”
“Master Kane!” cried Fides Dignus, and looked at the others in shock. “Isdemus sent me to find out what all the commotion was. What is going on here?”
“Isdemus?” Peter repeated in disbelief. “You know Isdemus?”
The little creature looked at Peter sharply and flew towards him, hovering just inches away from his face. His beady little eyes grew rounder and rounder.
“Blimey, he’s the spitting image…” he said in amazement, and then turned to Kane suspiciously. “What is going on here? Who are these children?”
“We’re not children, we’re fourteen,” Brock muttered irritably.
“I’m twelve,” Cole put in.
Lily sidled up next to Peter so that Fides Dignus couldn’t help but notice her. “We were all in a car accident. Kane’s car was in the road, and we hit the back of it. We would have died if Peter hadn’t stopped the car from crushing us. The next thing we knew, an army of specters showed up, with physical bodies, and attacked us. We had to run for it. We went through that tree,” she pointed at the photo on the wall, “and we showed up here.” She folded her arms over her chest. “That’s what happened.”
The creature’s beady eyes bugged out. “The penumbra took physical form? In the outside world?” he repeated incredulously. Then his shock melted into suspicion as he fluttered around to face Kane and said accusingly, “Your car? Just where did you get one of those?”
Kane muttered, “I was going to give it back…”
The nimbus narrowed his eyes at Kane. “I think Isdemus will have a few things to say about all this,” he growled. Before Kane could retort, Fides Dignus added pointedly, gesturing at Lily, “I am going to report everything that this child has told me. Isdemus, I’m sure, will receive you in the Great Hall momentarily. Consider this his summons! I would not keep him waiting if I were you.” Then he disappeared with another crack. 
Kane scowled at where the nimbus had been and turned on his heel before the others could say anything more. “Fine. This way,” he muttered, and headed towards the hall.
“I’m not going anywhere with that nutter!” Brock announced, folding his arms over his chest. “Didn’t you guys hear the nasty cupid thing imply that he tried to kill us?” 
“If he was trying to kill us, why did he save us afterwards, then?” Cole pointed out.
While they argued, Peter got to his feet numbly and followed after Kane, because he didn’t know what else to do. Lily caught up with him.
“I knew I wasn’t crazy,” she gloated. “I knew it!”
He stopped walking and turned to face her with forced calm. “I’m sorry. Why are you not freaking out?” He gestured to their surroundings. Torches lined the immense hallway, which quickly led them to a spiral staircase that seemed to stretch infinitely above them. “I mean, I know you could see – them – before.” He choked on the word, thinking of his dad, angry at him for being right. “But this place! The accident, the portal, the – nasty glowing baby-man! Why are you okay with this?” 
“I’m freaking out!” Cole interjected, raising his hand.
“This isn’t happening,” Brock muttered to himself again.
“Brock’s in denial,” Cole translated, jabbing a thumb in his brother’s direction.
“Well, at least you two are normal!” Peter exploded, turning his back on Lily.
“I am normal!” she spluttered. “You take that back!”
“Hey princess, you want to keep it down?” Kane called over his shoulder as he abruptly turned onto another hallway. “You’re gonna wake the dead.”
“I am not your princess,” Lily fumed through gritted teeth.
They all had to hurry to keep pace with Kane, in spite of his wounds. The hall in which they found themselves next had ceilings that looked about twelve feet high, and though the walls were made of stone, they were well insulated against the chill of an impending British winter, hung with thick tapestries and illuminated with torches. Their footsteps might have echoed in the expansive space, if not for the thick running carpet.
“This place is sort of eerie,” Cole whispered to no one in particular. “Where’s the electricity?”
Kane’s clipped reply came from a good distance ahead. “The Watcher Castle predates the Dark Ages by several centuries,” he called. “We don’t use technology because we don’t need it.” 
They followed a corridor off the main hall, which led abruptly into a room large and stately enough to host dinners for heads of state. A cheerful fire crackled at the head of the most enormous table they had ever seen. Beside the hearth stood a very, very old man.
“Are you Isdemus?” asked Peter, stepping into the room and hoping his voice sounded strong. The old man inclined his head once in acknowledgement. 
“Peter Stewart,” said Isdemus. “We meet at last!”
Chapter 8

Isdemus was quite thin, and he might have been tall or not: perhaps it was the exaggerated size of everything else in the room that made it difficult to tell. He held onto a walking stick with long-boned fingers, but he didn’t appear to need it. He wore a perplexingly opaque midnight blue dressing gown and matching cap that seemed to suck all the light from the cheerful fire behind him, like a black hole, Peter thought. And, like a black hole, he seemed to exert a sort of irresistible gravitational pull on the newcomers. 
Kane began, “I didn’t mean to bother you, sir –”
“Silence!” Isdemus’s eyes flashed at him, and he held up a hand that glittered in the firelight with rings of opal and gold. “I’ll deal with you in the morning.” 
“Why am I in trouble?” Kane protested. Suddenly he seemed very much like a petulant child. 
“Do you really want me to answer that right now?” Isdemus growled. 
Kane glowered at him but did not respond. Peter looked from Kane to Isdemus, trying to determine the relationship between them. 
“Save your excuses,” said Isdemus, his voice quiet, but deadly. “I am not interested in hearing them tonight. Leave us!”
Kane turned indignantly and made a show of stomping out of the Great Hall.
Next Isdemus turned to his four guests, and his expression transformed before their eyes. “You must be hungry,” he said graciously. “Gladys is preparing a meal for you as we speak.” He nodded in the direction of a mousy little woman with her gray hair pulled back into a sloppy bun. None of them had noticed her until that moment. She bustled about the table without really doing much, but every few seconds she glanced furtively at Peter. 
“Once you have eaten, I will call a servant to show you three to your chambers for the night,” Isdemus continued, indicating Cole, Brock, and Lily with a nod of his head.
“Wait a minute,” Cole protested, and looked at Brock for support. “Mum and Dad are gonna freak out. They expected us home hours ago!”
“Already taken care of,” said Isdemus. “Members of the Watchers have been dispatched to your home and to Miss Portman’s foster family to alert them of the situation as we speak, and the Jeffersons’ driver arrived safely back at your home, although he was totally unable to give a proper account. A nimbus has also been sent to inform Bruce Stewart of the situation.”
“In the last five minutes since we got here?” Brock said skeptically. “How do you even know who our parents are, or where they live? How do you even know who we are?”
“I think that’s why they’re called Watchers,” Cole whispered.
Peter could still sense Gladys’s eyes on him, but when he looked up to meet her gaze, she looked quickly away. Peter had the uncomfortable feeling that she lingered intentionally in order to sneak glances at him. He wished she would leave.
“Now,” Isdemus gestured towards Gladys and several other servants, who scurried into the Great Hall bearing enormous platters of cold cuts and loaves of bread. Once they had delivered the platters to the table along with stacks of plates and cutlery, the servants disappeared as quickly as they had come. Only Gladys stopped to cast another furtive glance in Peter’s direction. 
“Dinner is served,” said Isdemus, and as if they needed further encouragement, added, “Tuck in.”
Brock tackled a tray of roast beef and brie, and Cole followed his brother’s lead. Lily looked ambivalent but grabbed a plate as well. Peter hung back. Cole glanced at him and said, “What’s the matter with you?”
“I’m not hungry,” Peter said. As the others stuffed their faces, Peter turned to stare into the dancing flames inside the hearth, feeling slightly ill. An idea had occurred to him, and he wished it hadn’t, but he couldn’t seem to shake it. 
Bruce said Isdemus was his boss. Apparently, Isdemus was also Kane’s boss, which must make him the head of the Watchers. Does that mean...? Peter couldn’t finish the thought.
 “What exactly are you planning to tell our families?” asked Cole between bites. “I’m not sure they’ll understand.”
“Do not worry,” said Isdemus with just a hint of a smile. “Believe it or not, the Watchers have quite a bit of experience communicating with the outside world.”
“Will you tell them… you know… the truth?” asked Cole.
“That depends on whether they’re ready for the truth,” Isdemus said mildly. “But I do not plan on lying to them, in any case.”
When Cole, Brock, and Lily finished eating, a servant appeared in the door frame wearing red and gold livery. The costume looked like something from the middle ages, but he wore a Bearskin reminiscent of those worn by the Beefeaters of the Tower of London, as if he couldn’t quite decide to which period of history he belonged. 
Brock stared at him openly. Then he leaned over to Cole and whispered, “Did we fall down a rabbit hole and I just missed it?” 
“No, we went through a portal,” Cole whispered back matter-of-factly. Brock looked at his brother as if he had never seen him before. 
Meanwhile, the servant bowed to Isdemus. 
“Gerald, will you please show these three to their chambers for the evening?” said Isdemus, gesturing at Lily, Brock, and Cole.
“Wait, wait, wait a second. Don’t we all have a right to know what’s going on?” Lily demanded.
“Of course you do,” said Isdemus, “but I hope you can appreciate the necessity to prioritize, Miss Portman. For the three of you, now that your bellies are full, sleep is highest priority on the list, and answers can come later. For Peter, I suspect, they cannot wait.” He looked at Peter keenly. 
“They can’t wait for me either!” Lily exploded. “Do you honestly think any of us are going to sleep a wink without some explanations?”
“That is a very valid point,” Isdemus acknowledged. Lily looked triumphant for a moment, until he added, “I would imagine you would find it difficult to sleep without some assistance, however exhausted you may be.” 
As if on cue, Gladys reentered the Great Hall, bearing a silver tray with a steaming silver teapot and several tiny china cups. She blew a stray wisp of gray hair out of her face, while very obviously trying not to look at Peter in such a way that made him even more uncomfortable than when she had been.
“What’s that?” said Lily suspiciously.
“Chamomile tea,” said Isdemus as Gladys furtively set four cups on the table and poured the steaming liquid into three of them. “Historically it has been used to calm anxious thoughts and mental chatter. It is mild, but quite effective, I assure you.”
“I want to stay up,” said Lily mutinously. “Whatever you can say to Peter, you can say to me.” 
“You force me to be blunt,” Isdemus sighed. “What I mean to say is that, for tonight at least, Peter and I must speak alone.”
Peter shivered.
Cole and Brock exchanged a look, and Cole shrugged and took a cup. Brock eyed him as he slurped. When he didn’t fall over dead, Brock took one as well.
“Miss Portman?” Isdemus prodded. “I would highly recommend that you accept my assistance, though I would understand, after the night you have had, if you do not yet trust me. It is up to you, of course.”
Lily scowled at him, but said, “Well, if the food wasn’t poisoned…” and took the third cup. Before she had finished her first noisy slurp, Cole looked at her with a slightly punch-drunk smile.
“This stuff is good!” 
“The herbs were freshly gathered this afternoon,” said Isdemus. “They were cultivated by one of our most talented plant specialists. I am sure the effects are superb.”
“Plant… specialist?” said Brock, also sounding a little woozy.
Gerald gestured to Lily, Cole, and Brock, suppressing a smile. “We’ll explain all about it tomorrow. Follow me.” 
Cole and Brock stood up obediently, but Lily frowned and glanced in Peter’s direction for confirmation. Peter shrugged at her, not knowing what else to do. Truthfully, he was too preoccupied to care whether the other three managed to stay up with him and talk to Isdemus that night or not. All that mattered was that he got some answers.
Once they were alone, Isdemus turned to Peter, but said nothing. He seemed to be waiting for Peter to speak first. 
Peter wanted to ask Isdemus about Bruce, but he was afraid of the answer. So instead, he said, “Kane made it sound like he’d been stalking me.”
Isdemus frowned. “Yes. Unfortunately, I believe that’s true.”
“Why? For how long?” Still not the question he really wanted to ask, but he was stalling.
“Since you were eleven.”
Peter momentarily forgot his question about Bruce and gawked at him. “You’re joking.” 
“That would not be very funny,” said Isdemus calmly. “My sense of humor may arguably be peculiar, but it is not quite that poor.”
Peter drew in a deep, shaky breath. “Okay,” he said when he had digested this. “Why since I was eleven? I don’t remember doing anything particularly remarkable then.”
“I did not mean to imply that the Watchers have only been watching you from eleven, and by the by, a better term would be protecting rather than watching, in spite of our name. You asked me how long Kane had been watching you. The Watchers have been protecting you to the best of our ability all your life, and have been watching for your birth for approximately 1500 years.” Then he added pleasantly, “Would you like some cocoa?” 
“Er – no, sir,” Peter managed to croak.
“Really? It’s the best you’ve ever tasted, I guarantee it,” Isdemus said, and set about to make them both a cup anyhow. 
Peter watched him fuss with the china and teapot, which contained a liquid that looked like a melted chocolate bar, and felt like his brain was full of the low buzz of white noise. Finally, one question surfaced in his mind and he blurted it out before it could disappear again into the sea of confusion. 
“Why have you been watching me all my life?”
Isdemus looked up. “Well, I suppose that’s as good a lead-in as any,” he said. He put the teapot down and said, “It might be easier if I show you, rather than tell you. Why don’t you come with me?”
Isdemus brushed past him without looking back, assuming that Peter would follow. They turned down the main corridor by which Peter and the others had come, but quickly ducked down a different passage, hung with battle-axes and tapestries that looked centuries old. They descended a flight of stairs and then another when finally they found themselves in, of all things, an art gallery. 
“These are the Watchers of old,” said Isdemus, moving his arms about with a sweeping gesture. The paintings were massive, larger than life, and there were hundreds of them. “Our heritage. Those you see here are the oldest,” he indicated to those in front of them. “They were King Arthur’s Knights of the Round Table who survived the Battle of Salisbury Plain. After Camelot fell, they banded together to protect Arthur’s surviving infant son, William, forming the original Watchers. At the time, they called themselves The Order of the Paladin, a name that was later used by Charlemagne’s Twelve Peers in the fourteenth century. You may hear the word Paladin used as a name of one thing or another from time to time still. This, however,” he spun Peter around to face the wall behind him, “is what I wanted you to see.”
Peter’s jaw dropped. 
The painting before him was of a young man, only a few years older than he was. He wore a simple blue, rather homely robe atop a brown tunic and breeches, and the outline of a scabbard and sword jutted out to his side. His eyes were blue-green with flecks of gold, and his hair was flaxen and wavy, with a sparse beard that had not properly filled out yet. He looked kind and intelligent, and there was a very simple gold crown on his forehead.
“King Arthur,” said Isdemus. 
“He looks…” Peter swallowed, “just like me.”
“Now do you understand?” Isdemus asked gently. 
Peter closed his eyes. He knew what Isdemus was implying. “The Legends,” he murmured.
Isdemus nodded encouragingly. “Go on. What do you remember of the stories Bruce has told you?” 
Peter took a shaky breath to steady himself. “I remember… thousands of years ago, there was an evil king who called himself the Shadow Lord. He gained power on the Continent, and dominated the known world for generations. In the last days of the Roman Empire, the Shadow Lord heard the prophecy that another king would rise who would cast him out of the world of men with an enchanted sword.”
“Excalibur,” Isdemus said, nodding.
“That king turned out to be Arthur,” said Peter, glancing reluctantly at the painting. “Arthur did banish the Shadow Lord, but he died in the process, and Excalibur was lost. Nobody knows where it is now.”
Isdemus nodded again. “Very good,” he said. “As long as Excalibur remains intact, it prevents the Shadow Lord from returning to the world of men. What you may not know, however, is that according to the same prophecy that predicted Arthur’s ascent, one day the sword will be found and broken. Then the Shadow Lord will return, more powerful than ever before. The only one who will be able to stop him will be one of King Arthur’s descendants, known as the Child of the Prophecy.” His eyes bored into Peter’s blue-green ones, with the exact same flecks of gold as those in the painting. 
Peter began to shake his head very slowly, to clear it. He gestured at the painting and said, “That doesn’t prove anything.” 
Isdemus leaned on the top of his staff and considered this for a moment. He decided to try a different approach. “If I understand what happened correctly, tonight you performed what many would call a miracle, saving your own life and those of your friends as well. You broke the rules, Peter.”
“Excuse me?” Peter blustered. “What rules?” 
“The rules of the universe.” Isdemus regarded him thoughtfully, and sighed. “I’m sorry that there is no more straightforward way to have this conversation. I had honestly hoped that having heard the Legends all your life might prepare you, but it seems we shall still have to do this the hard way…” 
Peter swallowed. He had already guessed this, but he still trembled as he asked,  “So… so you’re saying that was your idea? Telling me the Legends all my life?”
“I was the one who instructed Bruce to tell them to you from your infancy, yes. Even if you believed them to be fairy tales, I hoped that their familiarity might ease the transition when you finally learned the truth.”
“So my dad is one of you, then,” Peter repeated numbly. “He’s a Watcher.”
Isdemus seemed to hesitate for a moment, but then he admitted, “Yes, Bruce is a Watcher.” Before Peter could ask him more he pursed his lips and swept out of the gallery, leading the way back to the Great Hall. Peter followed mutely behind him, his mind’s eye still filled with the image of the young king. 
When they reentered the Hall, Isdemus sat down and idly plucked two thick slices of bread from a platter and piled juicy slices of roast beef on top of them. Peter watched him, dimly aware that even though he didn’t feel like eating, his stomach told him that he was, in fact, ravenous. 
As if reading his thoughts, Isdemus gestured to the platter and said, “Please,” with a small smile of invitation. Peter set about making his own sandwich automatically as his stomach growled, threatening to digest itself. 
Isdemus chased the bite of sandwich with a gulp of cocoa and continued, “So, where were we? I believe we were discussing the rules of the universe. Along with the tales of your heritage, Bruce has done his best to instruct you regarding those rules, or at least as much as you could absorb.”
“You mean like the physical laws?” asked Peter weakly.
“Yes, that is what I mean. Those are the rules that you broke tonight: at least two and possibly three that I can think of. You broke the laws of gravity and entropy at least, and you might have altered time as well. I haven’t quite worked that one out yet.”
“No, I didn’t,” said Peter firmly. 
“I beg your pardon?”
“You can’t break the laws of gravity or entropy. They’re laws.” 
“Ah. I see,” said Isdemus, smiling at him as a wizened grandfather might at an upstart young child. 
“There has to be a scientific explanation for what happened tonight,” Peter insisted. 
“There is. Would you like to hear it?” 
Peter looked at him doubtfully, but nodded. 
“Think of the universe as the surface of a pond, or... what are those odd little nets that kids jump on called again? The word escapes me.”
Peter stared at him blankly. “Trampolines?” 
“Yes, yes, trampolines. Now, the trampoline cannot move itself, correct? The trampoline can only move if acted on by an outside force. But, let us suppose that somehow the trampoline did move. Anything sitting on top of the trampoline, not inside the fabric itself – in this case, the nimbi and the penumbra – would not only feel the vibrations, but could follow them to their origin, pinpointing the exact location of the jumper.”
“I do know a lot about String Theory, my dad tells me about his research every night,” said Peter. “That’s what you’re talking about, right?” 
“Yes. But I am not quite as brilliant as you are, so you will have to indulge my metaphors,” said Isdemus. Peter couldn’t decide whether he was being condescending or not. “Now, until tonight, the trampoline has not moved since the dawn of time. So naturally, anyone sitting on top of the trampoline would be very curious to find out what made them bounce.”
Peter swallowed a bite of his sandwich without really tasting it. “So you’re saying that entire army of them showed up just because they were curious?” 
“Not entirely, Peter. They have been waiting for you – both the penumbra and their Master. The Shadow Lord.”
Peter stared at him for a moment, at a loss for words. Then he shook his head in disbelief. “Waiting for me.” 
Isdemus nodded patiently. “The Watchers are not the only ones who have been waiting for your birth all these years, Peter. But, we were at a great advantage, because in King Arthur’s day, the Shadow Lord did not know the second half of the prophecy. As you know, Arthur and his firstborn son Mordred struck one another dead at the Battle of Salisbury Plain, and from then on, the Shadow Lord believed that the line of the King was ended. They did not know that Arthur had another son. Thus, the Shadow Lord, and all the penumbra with him, believed that they had stopped you from ever being born.”
“Until tonight,” Peter said flatly. He felt very strange.
“Until tonight,” Isdemus confirmed. 
There was the sound of a ticking of a clock somewhere behind them. Peter wondered that he hadn’t heard it before; it seemed so loud now. The fire had burned down to embers behind Isdemus, and he could tell from the columns of light filtering through the windows that the moon was high in the sky outside.
The buzz of white noise grew louder in Peter’s mind, and images came to him in flashes. He saw the silver Land Rover hanging over the windshield, the flashes of death in the images of the rainbow, and Kane’s contemptuous expression when he had first asked who he was. He saw the blond king in a homely robe, barely older than himself, looking back at him from the canvas with his own eyes, like a reflection in a mirror.
“Was he trying to kill us?” Peter said at last. “Kane?”
It took a moment for Isdemus to register the question. “I don’t know what he was trying to do,” he admitted at last, suddenly sounding very old and very tired. “I don’t believe he meant to kill you, though. He’s not as bad as all that. No, if I had to guess his motive, I think he was trying to prove that you are not the Child of the Prophecy after all.”
Peter started. “Is that in question, then?” he asked hopefully. 
“Kane doubts it,” said Isdemus. His tone was evasive, and Peter caught it.
“But why does he doubt it?” Peter persisted. “He must have a reason!”
Isdemus looked away with a pained expression. Then he said, “I think that you have already had far too much for one day. I had better send for Gerald to take you to your room, and we can continue this tomorrow, once you have had some sleep.”
 Peter ignored him. “Tell me the prophecy,” he demanded. “My dad never told me what it says…” 
“Because I asked him not to,” said Isdemus firmly, and held up a hand. “You were too young to hear of such things. Now, I must ask you to trust me. You need rest – I doubt even you know how badly.”
Peter could see that there was no point in arguing. Suddenly Isdemus leaned forward and poured the last cup of the chamomile tea, though the liquid no longer steamed. He pushed the saucer towards Peter. After a moment’s hesitation, Peter took the saucer and slurped theatrically, hoping it sounded like he was actually swallowing. He dared not look at Isdemus’s face to see whether he noticed.
When he stood and turned around, Gerald was already in the doorway. 
“Gerald, would you mind…?” Isdemus said.
 Gerald bowed formally in acknowledgment. “Right this way, sir,” he said to Peter, and turned very precisely to lead Peter away.
“See you in the morning, Peter. Go and get your hundred and forty winks.”
Peter looked up sharply, and was surprised to see a hint of amusement in Isdemus’s eyes. His dad used that exact phrase before putting him to bed every night until he was about seven or eight. “If forty winks means a short sleep,” Bruce had explained, “then a hundred and forty ought to last the night!” Even now, he occasionally said it when they both happened to be in the same room at bed time.
Did even that come from Isdemus? Peter wondered with a pang.
Peter was grateful that Gerald walked swiftly and spoke little. They were off the main hallway now, climbing a winding spiral staircase, which seemed to have many adjacent, similar halls leading off it at each level. Here and there he saw other servants, and people he assumed must be other Watchers stopped to stare as they passed by. Other than a curt nod of his head, Gerald did not speak to any of them. 
“Your friends are sleeping on the second floor,” Gerald said, pointing at the landing as they passed. “Servant’s quarters are in the basement. Isdemus’s chamber and office are adjacent, on the third floor. Here is the key to your room,” he said when they arrived, and handed Peter what looked like a brass skeleton key. “You should find everything laid out for you. The fire specialist wakes at 5 am to heat the water for the bath, so if you want to wash before that, I’m afraid it will be cold. You will find a dumbwaiter in the closet near the bed, and you can use it to alert me, should you discover anything you lack.” 
“I’m sure it will be perfect,” said Peter, and faked a large yawn. “Thank you.” 
Gerald arched one eyebrow at Peter, but he bowed again, and said, “Pleasant sleep, sir.”
“Good night, Gerald.”
Gerald disappeared around the corner. Peter tried his key in the door, stepped inside, and counted to ten. Then he pocketed the key and crept back out into the hallway.
Chapter 9

As soon as Peter turned around, he jumped and let out a cry.
“Lily!”
“Sorry!” she whispered quickly. “I didn’t mean to startle you. I was about to knock.”
When the surprise wore off, Peter said, “I didn’t think you’d really go to sleep without a fight. Have you been exploring all this time? What have you found out so far?” 
She shook her head. “I wasn’t exploring, I was eavesdropping. There’s this spot in the servants’ quarters right next to the Great Hall where I could hear every word you said!” 
Peter took a moment to let that sink in. When it did, he felt a flush of anger, and demanded, “You were spying on us?” He wasn’t sure why the idea bothered him so much. He couldn’t think of anything they’d said that he specifically wouldn’t have wanted her to know. But even though he and Isdemus had just met, their conversation had been very personal. They had discussed things Peter hadn’t talked about since he was a child. “You had no right –” 
“Ex-cuse me?” Lily balked. “I had every right! I was almost killed twice tonight! Then, I was saved once by some kind of miracle that nobody bothered to explain, and subsequently attacked by a load of the very specters that everybody has been telling me don’t exist all my life! For the first time, I have tangible proof that I’m not crazy, and he thinks he can just send me to bed with no explanations?” Her eyes filled with angry tears and she wiped them away furiously before folding her arms over her chest. “You don’t know what it’s been like all these years, seeing things that are invisible to everybody else. I knew I wasn’t crazy, I knew it, but the rest of the world thought I was, and after a while even I started to wonder, you know? Then, tonight all of a sudden, there they were, completely solid and obvious to everybody. Then I find out there’s this place –” she gestured around her, “where apparently the Watchers have known about them all along, and I’m… furious they didn’t somehow find me and tell me and… and I’m so relieved I can hardly stand it, but at the same time it’s so horrible, I shouldn’t be relieved… and… and you have no idea what that’s like, so don’t you dare lecture me!” By now she was sobbing violently and trying to stop.
“Okay, okay!” Peter held up his hands in alarm. “I’m sorry! You’re right, he shouldn’t have sent you away. Will you just… calm down, please?”
Through her tears, Lily managed to roll her eyes and grunt. “You’re such a boy.”
“Well, it’s not like I ever had any sisters. I don’t know how to deal with – that!” he said, gesturing at her tear-stained face with a circular motion.
“I guess you’ve never had any girlfriends either.” She sighed roughly and stared down the hall to avoid looking at him, still trying to stop the flow of tears. 
He scowled at her. “You don’t have to sound so certain about it.”
After a pause, Lily sniffed defiantly, “So where were you going, anyway?” 
“I just wanted to figure out where we are,” said Peter, relieved to change the subject. “Kane said that the Grandfather Tree was a portal, which I can only assume is the same thing as a wormhole… never mind how that’s possible,” he added to himself under his breath. “We could be anywhere – in an alternate universe, for all we know.” 
“An alternate universe? That’s ridiculous,” Lily scoffed, wiping her red nose. 
“Right, because everything else that’s happened tonight has been so normal!” Peter retorted. 
“Well, even if we are in an alternate universe, we’re still in England, at least.”
“How do you know?” 
“Their accents sound Norfolk to me.” 
Peter pursed his lips and thought about this. “Huh, good point,” he conceded. “So why were you sneaking around then, if you weren’t trying to figure out where we are?”
“I was coming to ask you something. You and Isdemus mentioned someone called the Shadow Lord. Who is he?”
Peter shrugged. “I don’t really know much about him.” 
“But you know more about him than I do,” she insisted. “Is he the leader of the specters or something?”
“The penumbra,” Peter corrected, looking over her shoulder and down the hallway distractedly. He ached to go exploring. 
“Whatever,” she said, and brushed past Peter into his chamber. Peter stood frozen in the hallway for a moment, trying to decide whether or not he could just leave her there. At last he reluctantly followed her, since the alternative would risk a reprise of her ire. 
She plopped down into a fat velvet armchair with wooden legs, and blinked up at him expectantly. 
“Don’t you want to explore the castle?” Peter asked hopefully.
“Of course, but first I want to have some context to understand what I’m seeing.”
Peter sighed and felt a twinge of annoyance. Casting one more reluctant glance down the hallway, Peter resigned himself to the velvet chair opposite her. “Yes,” he said. “The Shadow Lord is the leader of the penumbra.”
“Is he one of them, then?” 
“I… don’t know, actually,” Peter admitted, suddenly perplexed. “I don’t think so. I always had the impression that he was more powerful somehow, but I honestly never bothered to ask much about him. I just knew he was the Bad Guy, and when I was seven, that was all I really cared about.”
“Tell me what you do know then,” said Lily. “I mean the whole story, the way your dad told it to you. From the beginning!” 
“I can’t tell it to you from the beginning, that’d take all night. There’s lots of superfluous bits about adventures of the Knights of the Round Table anyway –”
“Well, you can leave out the superfluous bits then, and just tell me the highlights,” Lily said impatiently.
Peter paused and thought for a moment. It had been seven years since he heard the story, but up until then he had heard it almost every single night from his earliest memories. For many years afterwards, it haunted his dreams, even when he refused to think of it during his waking hours. He had little doubt that he could still recite the legends almost verbatim.
He closed his eyes. “All right,” he said. “Here goes.
“London was the original Roman settlement in 470 AD, but the Huns and Visigoths were attacking the Roman Empire, so Rome called their soldiers back home to fight. Some of them didn’t leave but married the native Celts instead, and after that they called themselves Britons. 
“This Germanic group called the Saxons moved to Briton to get away from the Huns and Visigoths too, and the Saxons were constantly attacking the Britons. So, the Britons banded together for protection and picked a guy named Uther as their general. He was a great commander but he had a reputation for heavy drinking and… uh… philandering –”
“You mean he slept around,” said Lily.
“Yes, Lily, that’s what philandering means,” said Peter, annoyed with himself for blushing.
“I know, but it sounds so academic. Continue.”
“Anyway, after one battle, Uther saw this comet shaped like a dragon, and so he started calling himself ‘Pendragon,’ which means ‘son of a dragon –’”
“Ooh!” Lily interrupted. “That’s Arthur’s surname!” 
“Yes, well spotted,” said Peter dryly. “Uther fell in love with this woman Igraine, who was already married to the Duke of Cornwall with a daughter named Morgan.”
“Morgan is bad,” Lily put in slowly, as if trying to remember.
“Yeah, but she comes in later. Anyway, Uther sieged Cornwall so he could seduce Igraine, and she got pregnant. She was humiliated that the kid wasn’t her husband’s, so she went into hiding until she gave birth. I guess her husband didn’t suspect anything because his army was busy fighting against Uther’s army that whole time. Anyway, Igraine sent the baby away. Right after that, Uther killed her husband in battle and married her. Then he sent Morgan to be raised by relatives in Cornwall, and he took Igraine to Northumbria and made her his queen.”
“The baby was Arthur, right?” 
“No, he was Arthur’s long lost brother Fred. Yes, it was Arthur,” said Peter impatiently.
“I was just asking, don’t be so touchy, geez.”
Peter plunged on, every now and then looking longingly over her shoulder at the door, which led to the corridor, which led to the unexplored castle. “Uther never knew Arthur existed. Merlyn found him instead, and left him with this widower named Sir Ector, who had a son already named Kay –”
“Terrible name for a boy,” said Lily.
“And Uther and Merlyn are so much better?” 
“At least they’re not girls’ names.”
Peter rolled his eyes. “Anyway, Kay’s nurse raised Arthur to be a squire, since nobody knew who his father was and knighthood depended on having noble blood. Arthur became best friends with the daughter of the stable hand, who was named Cecily.”
“Are all these characters really necessary?” Lily yawned.
“Kay – sort of, not terribly. Cecily definitely is, though. Just wait,” said Peter. “Years passed. The Britons put down roots in Northumbria (Northumberland and some of Scotland nowadays), and called the city Camelot.”
“Mmm, that one I know.”
“When Arthur was eight, Sir Ector took him hunting near the Forest Sauvage, also known as the Enchanted Forest because the plants glowed, and because the landmarks changed places all the time. Arthur was chasing after a buck when he accidentally stumbled upon a sword in a stone – Excalibur. But Sir Ector dragged him away and made him promise never to go looking for Excalibur again.”
“Why not?” 
“Arthur didn’t know either,” said Peter. “Later, Arthur told Cecily what he had seen, and they asked everybody they could find what they knew about the sword. They found out there was a legend that the one who could pull the sword out of the stone would become the rightful king of all of Britain. 
“One night Arthur convinced Cecily to go with him in search of it, which she agreed to, as long as they left a trail behind them so that they could find their way back again. But instead of finding Excalibur that night, they found Merlyn. They brought him back to Sir Ector’s house as their tutor.
“Later Uther learned of the existence of Excalibur and went looking for it with twelve of his best knights.”
“Why?” Lily interrupted, “wasn’t he already king?” 
“He was king of Northumbria, not of Britain,” Peter explained. “There were surrounding kings in the countryside at the time – King Leodegrance, King Ban, King…”
“So wait, they were like provinces then?” 
“Pretty much,” said Peter. “All the kings wanted to rule the whole country, of course, including Uther. So, that was why he went looking for Excalibur. A fortnight later, though, Uther’s body turned up on the edge of the forest, mauled, along with those of two of the knights. The rest of the knights were never seen or heard from again. 
“The Britons panicked because they were afraid the Saxons would attack as soon as they found out the Britons no longer had a leader. Arthur knew that the people needed a new king, and since he thought he knew where Excalibur was, he decided to go looking for it.”
“How did he know he could find it again?” 
“He didn’t, really, but he tried anyway. So Kay found Arthur sneaking off and decided to go along, and then Cecily overheard them talking about what they were planning to do, and threatened to tell the whole castle, since she didn’t want Arthur to turn up dead too. So, Kay kidnapped Cecily and all three of them went in search of the sword, and then Cecily’s father realized she was missing and sounded the alarm. So, the whole castle followed them, along with basically all of Uther’s remaining knights. The upshot was, when Arthur found the sword again, most all the eligible members of the kingdom were there to watch. Merlyn was there too, of course, and called out each knight’s name one by one to try and free the sword. He called Arthur’s name last, just to be dramatic. Everyone was stunned that he was even given a turn, since he was a servant.”
“Did Arthur know he know he was going to be king?” 
“No,” said Peter. “But Cecily did. For some reason I always got chills when my dad told me the part when Cecily crept up beside him after almost all the knights had tried to pull Excalibur out of the stone and failed. Then she whispered, ‘It’s you, isn’t it?’ Arthur was shocked, but then she fell to her knees and said, ‘Remember me when you are king, my lord,’ and kissed his knuckles. Then Merlyn called his full name, including his rightful surname: Arthur Pendragon. Of course Excalibur came out like a hot knife through butter. 
“After Arthur pulled it out, he saw that both sides of Excalibur were marked with characters from the Ancient Tongue…”
“Sorry, the what?” 
“Remember? It’s the language of power I told you about.”
“Oh yeah, the magic one.”
Peter scowled and almost protested on reflex, but Lily saw his expression and raised her eyebrows as if to say, really, you’re still going to try and argue this? “Fine, call it what you want,” Peter muttered. “Anyway, Merlyn told him later that one side of the sword said ‘Take me up’ and the other side said ‘Cast me away.’ Arthur realized after the fact that as he had pulled, he’d been muttering ‘Take me up’ in the Ancient Tongue under his breath, but he didn’t know that at the time. He sort of knew he was saying something, but he didn’t know what he was saying.” Peter paused, lost in thought. That particular moment felt significant to him for some reason, but he couldn’t put his finger on why.
“Anyway, after he was king, Arthur heard rumors about Lancelot and went to beg him to join the court. They became best mates. Meanwhile, Arthur married Cecily, and eventually she had a son named Mordred. Mordred grew up to be a right foul git. He thought his father was weak, because he used his authority for peace rather than for domination. He became Lancelot’s little shadow, though; he worshipped Lancelot’s ability on the battlefield and wanted Lancelot to teach him how to kill. 
“Wait. I thought Mordred was Morgan’s son?” asked Lily.
“No. Morgan was still in Cornwall, and she hated Arthur because she thought what happened to her family was his fault. She was also obsessed with power, and eventually learned the Ancient Tongue herself. She was really good at manipulating water, but she wanted to have complete control over the other elements, like earth, wind, fire, air, space, and such. In her mind, if she had complete power, she’d be able to take her revenge on Arthur. She also wanted to become queen, but that was more of a side benefit. There were rumors that Morgan had discovered some object that would give her that power, but nobody knew for sure.
 “So then one day, this company arrived in Camelot, and Guinevere was one of them. She was ridiculously beautiful –”
“Wait. I’m confused,” said Lily. “I thought Arthur was already married to Cecily.”
“Yeah.”
“But Guinevere was queen in all the old stories!” Lily protested. “I thought maybe Cecily and Guinevere were the same person…”
“No, very different people,” said Peter darkly. “Lancelot fell in love with Guinevere first, but then Arthur met her and wanted her himself. Within the week, Arthur had written a new law of divorce so that he could send Cecily and Mordred away and marry Guinevere instead.”
“Ugh!” Lily exclaimed, folding her arms over her chest in disgust. “Men!” 
“Don’t get all high and mighty until you hear the end,” said Peter, annoyed. “Cecily was devastated of course, but Merlyn told her he suspected both Arthur and Lancelot had been bewitched, since Guinevere was one of the penumbra –”
“Oh!” Lily exclaimed.
“Yeah. Merlyn had no idea how she’d taken a physical body or what she was up to, but he knew they had to go to the Continent in order to figure it out.
“Meanwhile, Arthur sent Mordred to live with Morgan in Cornwall, which is probably why a lot of the stories say she’s his mother. Mordred had always wanted a good reason to hate Arthur, and now he had it. 
“When Cecily and Merlyn got to France, they found out that there was a Shadow Lord who had been behind the Roman Empire for generations, and they heard rumors of a prophecy that a king would rise and destroy him. But Merlyn and Cecily couldn’t find anyone who knew the prophecy in full, because the Shadow Lord (in the body of the last Roman Emperor, Romulus Augustus) had ordered a decree that all oracles and soothsayers be burned at the stake. Most of them had fled for their lives to the Byzantine Empire, or gone into hiding. It took Merlyn and Cecily five years to find one on her deathbed, who was willing to tell them what she knew. 
“The Shadow Lord had only managed to deduce bits and pieces of the prophecy, thwarted by his own proclamation. Yet he had learned enough to know that the king would come from Northumbria, and he had sent several of the penumbra ahead of him to weaken the kingdom so that it would be ripe for collapse. One of those penumbra was Guinevere.
“From then on Cecily and Merlyn tried desperately to get back to Britain to tell Arthur what was really going on.
“Meanwhile, Guinevere noticed that Lancelot was in love with her, and that half the neighboring kings had sworn allegiance to Lancelot, not Arthur. So she seduced Lancelot, hoping to incite a civil war. By then, though, Arthur started to become himself again. He wrote letters to both Cecily and Mordred, begging them both to come home. He tried to make amends with Lancelot, but Lancelot felt so guilty over the affair that he wanted nothing to do with him. So the kingdom split into two factions, because they all expected war to break out the minute Arthur found out about the affair.”
“Didn’t he know already?” 
“Of course he knew. But if he had hard evidence of it, legally Arthur would have to charge them with treason and burn them at the stake. So he pretended he had no idea. Guinevere made sure they were caught, though, and Arthur had to condemn them publicly – he just made sure Lancelot got away before they actually killed him. Lancelot also came back to his right mind after that, though, and he refused to lead the rebellion against Arthur. 
“It might have all blown over then, except that Mordred came back to Camelot at exactly the critical moment. He showed up and took charge of Lancelot’s army.
“The night before the battle, Arthur waited in his tent on Salisbury Plain when Merlyn and Cecily arrived.”
“About time!” Lily exclaimed.
“Cecily waited outside while Merlyn told Arthur what they had learned: that Arthur was the one who would banish the Shadow Lord from the world of men, and that the Shadow Lord had sent Guinevere to tear the kingdom apart. Merlyn also told Arthur that Mordred gave the Shadow Lord control of his body.”
“Oh!” cried Lily. “So he needs permission?” 
“Yes,” said Peter. “When Merlyn finished, he said goodbye to Arthur, and Cecily went in. Then they, er, well, had a reunion.”
Lily raised her eyebrows. “Reunion?” 
“Yeah, well, they… you know…” He felt the beginnings of a blush again and refused to meet her eyes.
Lily smirked. “No, Peter, I have no idea. What did they do?” 
Peter said crossly, “Anyway. By the time Arthur woke up the next morning, Cecily was gone. Arthur assumed that Merlyn had whisked her off to safety someplace. 
“Mordred’s army was full of creatures like we saw tonight, but more of them –”
“So they took physical bodies again?” Lily interrupted. “This has happened before?” 
“Yes, but Isdemus said it’s rare. You’re interrupting the climax,” said Peter, annoyed. 
“Sorry. Go on.”
“At the center, there was Mordred, riding a black dragon. Mordred and Arthur fought, and they both killed each other at the same time. And that’s it,” said Peter.
“You’re kidding,” Lily said, incredulous. “That’s it?” 
“Well, I left a lot out,” Peter said defensively. “I was trying not to keep you here all night.” 
“What else did Merlyn and Cecily find out in those five years?”
“I…” Peter stopped. “I don’t know.”
“Well, what happened to Morgan? She just dropped out of the story. You said she was obsessed with some object that would give her power over all the elements, and not just water. What was the object?”
“I don’t know,” Peter said.
“And who was this Shadow Lord and why was it such a big deal that they stop him?”
“I told you, I don’t know,” Peter said heatedly. “I didn’t ask any of those questions when I was seven. I just thought it was a bedtime story!”
“So what happened to Excalibur?” Lily demanded, as if she hadn’t heard him.
Peter stopped and took a deep breath. That one he did know. “One of the knights that survived the battle took it, but we can only guess what happened to it after that. It disappeared.”
She stared at him. “Didn’t you say the Shadow Lord couldn’t return as long as Excalibur remained intact?”
“Yeah,” Peter said. “So?” 
“So what you’re saying is the only thing standing between us and the return of the Shadow Lord is a sword that nobody can find?” 
Peter stared for a moment. When he was little, he had always thought that Arthur had triumphed in the end. He’d never thought of it that way before, but it seemed obvious to him now. “Basically, yeah,” he said at last. Suddenly, he felt exhausted. 
They sat in silence for a very long time, looking out the semi-frosted windowpane at the myriad twinkling stars. 
Abruptly, Lily said, “Can I stay here tonight?” 
“What?” Peter said, taken aback. “You mean here, here?” 
“Just for tonight!” she said, and then amended, “Well, I guess we might only be here for tonight, but. …Please? I’ll sleep on the floor. I just… don’t want to be alone. Not here.”
It wasn’t a half bad idea, Peter thought, and he wasn’t sure he much wanted to be alone either. “All right,” he said, and then added grudgingly, “You can take the bed. I’ll take the floor.”
“Don’t be silly, it was my idea,” said Lily. She got up from the velvet chair and tried to get comfortable on the running carpet, curling up and trying to rest her head on the crook of her elbow. 
Peter tossed her a pillow and gave her one of the blankets too. “You really can take the bed, you know.”
“Remember the last time you tried to be chivalrous? You ended up dropping a heavy book on my foot and nearly cracked my skull open.”
Peter suppressed a smile. “Fine. Take the floor, then, see if I care.”
They fell silent for another long moment, and Peter thought she had fallen asleep, until her voice broke the stillness once more.
“Peter?”
“Yeah?” 
“Do you think we’re going to wake up tomorrow and find out that this was all just a dream?” 
Peter paused for a moment, nestling deeper into the covers and felt the waves of exhaustion begin to overtake him. “I sincerely hope so,” he said.
Chapter 10

When the sound of the birds chirping outside Peter’s window woke him along with the late morning sunshine, he vaguely recalled that his dreams had involved a pale, black-eyed boy riding on a dragon, a silver car suspended in mid-air, and seething creatures with blue-green scales pressing their attack despite the arrows embedded in their chests. Peter could still feel the weight of a sword in his hands when he woke with a start, as if he had been fighting with it all night long.
He found himself in a four-poster bed with a canopy the color of blood. Sunlight streamed in through the frosted window. 
He was still in the castle. That much, at least, had not been a dream. 
Then, all at once, the memories of the night before came rushing back with a force that left him winded: the silver Land Rover hanging over the windshield like the blade of a guillotine…
The meadow, with the hideous rainbow and the grisly images of Thomas the driver, Lily, Cole, Brock, and himself, covered in blood…
The centaurs charging towards them, their hooves pounding on the ground, close enough that he could see their bared yellow teeth… 
The shock of teleporting from a tree in the forest to a hallway lined with paintings, landing face down in a blood-red carpet…
His own reflection staring at him from the canvas of a painting, clothed in a homely blue robe, with a scrubby beard and a crown on his head…
The deep bone chill as Isdemus told him the Shadow Lord had been searching for him for 1500 years… 
And Isdemus’s voice saying, “Yes, Bruce is a Watcher.”
Even as the scenes came at him, four words throbbed in the back of Peter’s mind: Child of the Prophecy.
Peter lay back on the bed, staring at the canopy as he tried to stop himself from reeling. 
“You awake?” 
He jumped, and a hand flew to his chest as if to keep his heart where it was. “Blimey!” 
“Sorry,” said Lily, sitting up and wrapping her arms around her knees. “I heard you stir. I was just about to wake you.”
“How long have you been up?” 
“I only just got out of the bath,” she said, gesturing at the adjacent washroom that Peter hadn’t noticed the night before. “I don’t understand how the water’s hot without technology, but it is.”
“The fire specialist,” Peter murmured, remembering what Gerald had told him the night before, even though he had no idea what it meant. 
“Well, hurry up and get ready. I’m starved, and I want to go exploring!” 
Peter scowled at her and nearly retorted that he would have gone exploring the night before if it hadn’t been for her, but decided it wasn’t worth the effort. Pulling himself out of bed, he was suddenly self-conscious about how dreadful he probably looked first thing in the morning. He tried not to think about it and padded to the washroom. 
Once he had closed the door behind him, Peter bent over the basin with one hand on either side, trying to steady himself for whatever the day might bring. Back home, he always knew what to expect: he would go to class, sit in the corner by himself and daydream while the other students ignored him. He would create some experiment out of boredom and probably get sent to the Headmaster’s office for it, he would have lunch with Cole, and he would take the ugly teal and purple bus home. Then he would scrounge something from the freezer for dinner, and listen to his dad’s quirky stories from the lab that day while they ate. Then he would go to bed, and do it all again the next day. 
But now that he was here in this strange and unfamiliar place where anything was possible, all he could think about was the change bowl on top of the refrigerator at home, where at this point on an ordinary day he would stuff a few coins into his pockets to buy a Mars bar outside the ugly concrete LCR. He wondered if Isdemus’s messenger had already gotten to his dad and told him where he was. He wondered if Bruce would come, would help him make sense of everything that had happened. Peter desperately wanted him to come – the sudden pang was almost overwhelming. 
“Peter, what are you doing in there? I don’t even hear you pumping water!” Lily called impatiently through the door. 
He opened his eyes, rudely tugged back into the present. “You don’t have to wait for me, you know!” he called back, annoyed. 
There was a pause. Half a beat later she repeated, “Just hurry up!”
A glance in the mirror confirmed Peter’s worst fears: he had bags under his eyes and his hair was flattened on one side and askew on the other. He splashed water on his face and a bit in his hair. He decided that would have to suffice to make him presentable. Lily was probably too impatient to wait for him to have a bath, and although a part of him dreaded what lay ahead, he knew that the sooner he faced it, the better. 
He put on the first set of clothes he found on top of the neatly folded stack that Gerald had left for him. The freshly laundered gray jumper and faded jeans probably belonged to one of the Watchers at some point. Hopefully not to Kane, Peter thought and made a face. Nevertheless, he was surprised that Gerald had guessed his size perfectly. 
When he opened the door, two things happened at once: he heard a crack just inches from his head, and he nearly face-planted into Fides Dignus’s midsection. He let out an involuntary cry. 
“Good morning!” said Fides Dignus. “Did I startle you?”
The question was so ridiculous that Peter didn’t know how to respond at first. “Of course not,” he finally managed, and tried to think of a sarcastic retort, but came up dry. “I just – what are you doing here?”
“Isdemus sent me to make sure you didn’t get lost. The castle is rather difficult to navigate. I trust you slept well?” 
“Fine,” Peter lied, rubbing the back of his neck, which still ached as a result of his violent dreams – or perhaps he’d gotten whiplash from the accident after all. He glanced at Lily involuntarily, and Fides Dignus followed his eyes, recognizing that Peter was not alone in the room for the first time. 
“Miss Portman!” he said, astonished.
“Er, hello,” she said, and shifted uncomfortably. “I just came here so that Peter and I could go downstairs together.” She stepped to the side in an attempt to hide the pillow and rumpled blanket on the floor. 
Fides Dignus arched an eyebrow at her, clearly not buying it, but said nothing.
Peter eyed Fides Dignus, suddenly uneasy. It was the first time he’d been in such close proximity to one of the creatures he had disbelieved in until the night before, and here in this medieval room, first thing in the morning, it was all just a little too much. “Look, I don’t mean to be rude or anything, but can you just… give us a few minutes?” 
Fides Dignus straightened. “Of course,” he said stiffly, and disappeared with a crack.
“What did you do that for?” Lily demanded. “What if we really do need a guide?”
Peter closed his eyes. “Look, I know you’re totally used to the nimbi and the penumbra, but I’m just trying to keep it together here, all right?” 
She was silent, which he didn’t expect. He opened his eyes and saw that she was looking at him with a peculiar expression. “Sorry.”
“Forget it,” Peter muttered, running a hand through his damp hair and mussing it again.
“You don’t have to keep it together for me, you know,” Lily added seriously. “I mean, if you need to freak out or something, I’m the last person in the world who would judge you.”
Peter felt the corners of his mouth turn upward of their own volition. “You know how you told me that talking to me was different because you never knew what I was going to say before I said it?” 
“Yeah.” 
He nodded. “Yeah, well… ditto.”
She grinned at him, and he couldn’t help grinning back.
Sunlight replaced the torchlight in the corridor, streaming in from the window on one end. Two men walked by chatting animatedly, one of them dressed in britches from the seventeenth century and a pair of riding boots, and the other wearing what looked like a Roman tunic tied with a rope made of camel hair. Neither of them took any notice of Peter or Lily. On their heels was a maid, dressed in a strange blend between the castle livery and the traditional white-and-black costume normally associated with that occupation. She glanced in their direction and did a double take at Peter, but it happened so quickly that he could not be sure. 
Peter shrugged at Lily and pointed in the direction where the two men had gone. “Suppose they’re headed to the Great Hall?” 
When they reached the landing, Cole’s voice called out behind them, “Peter! Lily!” They turned around to see that he and Brock had found each other already, and Brock looked mad. 
Cole went on, “We’ve been wandering around for the last ten minutes. This place is a maze!”
Peter nodded. “Remember the nimbus from the Commuter Station last night? He was just in my room. Isdemus sent him because he figured we’d get lost.”
“I like how he sent him to you,” Brock snarled, arms folded across his chest.
Cole ignored Brock and said, “Brilliant, where is he now?”
“I sent him away,” said Peter, somewhat sheepishly. 
“Of course you did,” Brock muttered.
“Too bad,” said Cole. “What was his name again? Fido Dingus?”
“No, that wasn’t it,” said Lily. “It was… Fides… Dignus?” 
Suddenly there was another crack. They all jumped back about a foot. 
“You called?” said Fides Dignus. He was looking at Peter when he said it, but still spoke stiffly, Peter’s rudeness evidently not forgotten.
“Er, looks like we might need you to show us downstairs after all,” said Peter, flustered, and then added quickly, “If you don’t mind.”
 “Certainly. Right this way,” he said formally, and tore off in the direction of the Great Hall without a backward glance, his little body functioning as a very literal beacon.
“Why do I get the feeling that everybody in this castle hates me?” Peter whispered rhetorically to no one in particular.
Cole gestured to Fides Dignus and said to Peter, “Hey, how do you think he knew we were lost?” 
“What?” 
Cole looked at Lily, who was also leaning in. “All you did was say his name, and not even loudly. Do you think he was nearby or something and overheard?”
Peter bit his lip. “No idea,” he admitted.
“Um, Fides… Dignus?” called Cole uncertainly.
“Yes.”
“How did you know… I mean, we said your name, but we didn’t mean to call you…” He sounded like he didn’t quite know how to phrase the question.
The little creature seemed to understand, though. “Fides Dignus is my true name in the Ancient Tongue. I have no common name, as all of you have. Each of you has a true name as well, of course.” 
“What’s a true name?” said Lily.
“For us, it functions as a summons. If you say my name, I can pinpoint your location, and come to find you if I choose to do so. Which I won’t always, so don’t go getting any ideas,” he added tartly.
The hallway still seemed rather dreary even though light filtered in through the occasional window. Overall, the illumination was not much greater than it had been with the torches lining the way the night before. Blood-red carpets the same shade as the canopy in Peter’s room lined the floors the whole way, and but for the tapestries on the walls and the occasional unlit torches, the corridor was bare. Every now and again, a Watcher or two would pass by them on their way back upstairs. Some of them ignored the four teens entirely, but those whose eyes happened to rest on Peter’s face usually turned to gape at him a second and even a third time. Peter tried very hard not to notice. Brock, meanwhile, maintained his stony expression, walking with his arms folded across his chest like a sullen toddler.
“Don’t you feel like there ought to be suits of armor or something?” Cole whispered to Peter. 
Fides Dignus overheard and called behind him, “Those are all in the museum on the fourth floor, along with the jousting spears and the original Round Table.”
Cole’s eyes widened and he asked very carefully, “You don’t mean… the Round Table, as in King Arthur and the Round Table? The original?”
“Of course,” said Fides Dignus, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world, “why would we make a replica?”
Cole turned to the others in excitement, hardly breathing. “How badly do you guys want breakfast right now?” 
In spite of himself, Peter grinned at his irrepressible friend. He had forgotten that Cole and Brock had not been present, nor had they been eavesdropping, for any of Peter’s conversation with Isdemus the night before. They still knew nothing of the relevance of the legends to this place. 
“You three do what you want, but I’m eating,” Brock said sourly. “And then I’m gonna find a way to get home.”
“Why would you want to go home?” Cole asked his brother in amazement. “I mean, aren’t you even curious?” 
“No,” Brock said stubbornly. “This place gives me the creeps.” 
“You mean it feels like something’s missing?” said Lily, raising her eyebrows and looking vaguely amused. Peter turned to her curiously, and she mouthed to him, his siren.
Brock didn’t see her, though, and said, “Yes! It’s like… it’s like my soul has been sucked out or something…”
Cole turned a plaintive expression on Peter again, which Peter understood as a plea to go to the museum.
“I’m actually pretty hungry right now,” Peter admitted apologetically.
Cole pouted, and said to Peter, “Fine. We’ll go to breakfast. After that, though, you and me, fourth floor!” He said it with a sidelong glance at his brother for any sign that he might wish to be included, but the scowl never left Brock’s face.
“The museum isn’t going anywhere,” called Fides Dignus. “If I were you, I’d save it for a day when the precipitation specialists order rain. The city is far more interesting.”
Cole turned to Peter and mouthed, Precipitation specialists? 
Peter shrugged, equally confused. What city? he mouthed back.
Presently they recognized where they were from the night before, and Fides Dignus hovered at the entrance to the Great Hall, gesturing for them to enter with an indulgent expression. Once inside, they could see why.
“Wow!” Cole cried, and his jaw dropped. Even Peter and Brock exchanged glances, forgetting their mutual animosity for a brief moment as they together admired the beauty of the smorgasbord of piping hot breakfast entrees. The table that had been empty the night before except for cold cuts and bread was now filled with jams, fresh bread, cream, butter, coffee, poached eggs, ham, and every sort of fruit imaginable. 
“This can’t all be for us!” Cole said, his eyes wide, as if he wished to swallow the table whole. 
“Of course not,” said Fides Dignus. “There are loads of people who live in the castle, but most of them have already gone about their business hours ago.”
As he spoke, servants bustled about the table, clearing empty plates and napkins as the four of them piled clean plates with mountains of food. Periodically a Watcher or two wandered in and did the same, but after a few goggling looks in Peter’s direction, most of them left without a word, nodding at the others and at the servants. 
Once the four teens had stuffed their faces for several long, satisfying minutes, Brock finally looked at Peter and said, “So I assume at some point you’re planning on telling the rest of us what Isdemus told you last night?” 
Peter pursed his lips. “Long story. Everything goes back to these legends my dad told me about when I was little.”
“What kind of legends?” Brock demanded. Cole leaned forward eagerly.
Peter took a deep breath and recounted the legends again, including what he had learned from Isdemus the night before, but with less detail than he had given Lily. 
When he had finished, Cole said, “So let me get this straight. The Shadow Lord can’t return to a physical body until Excalibur is destroyed? And nobody knows where it is, but according to this prophecy, it’s only a matter of time?”
“Correct,” said Peter.
Cole went on, “So after that, he comes back. He’d take over the world if not for the Child of the Prophecy, who will finally destroy him once and for all. And these people think that Child of the Prophecy is you?”
“Um… yeah,” Peter said, feeling a flush creep up his neck. “It’s completely ridiculous, I know.”
Cole shook his head in amazement. “Yesterday you were just a kid at King’s, trying not to burn the school down, and today you’re being hunted by a bunch of dark creatures and their evil Lord!”
Brock muttered to his brother loud enough for everyone to hear, “Are you seriously that gullible?” 
Cole ignored him. “But Pete…. why do they think you’re the Child of the Prophecy?” 
Peter shrugged and muttered, “I have no idea.”
“Because he looks just like King Arthur,” said Lily. “They’re practically identical. That, and the prophecy that Isdemus refused to tell Peter.”
“What about what happened with the Land Rover yesterday… is the Child of the Prophecy supposed to have special powers or something?” asked Cole eagerly.
“Special powers,” Brock muttered with disgust.
“Well, what would you call it?” Cole retorted. “We all saw the thing hovering over our windshield, and it would have crushed us if Pete hadn’t stopped it!” 
“How do you know it was him?” Brock demanded. 
“Because I saw him with my own eyes! He… he spoke to it or something!” 
“I did?” said Peter. He had forgotten that part. “What did I say?”
“I don’t know, it was in some other language,” said Cole, still irked. 
“Peter,” said Lily, suddenly excited, “do you think you could have been speaking the Ancient Tongue? You said that when Arthur pulled Excalibur out of the stone, he was muttering words in the Ancient Tongue that he didn’t know, either!” 
“When did he say that?” said Cole. Peter had left that part out of the version he’d told them a few minutes before.
“Last night, in his room,” said Lily dismissively.
“You went to his room last night?” Cole repeated, eyes widening.
Peter turned red too, but for a completely different reason this time. “It wasn’t like that,” he mumbled. 
Without warning, Brock pounded the table with his fist, and everyone looked up at him in alarm. “I can’t believe you guys are having this stupid conversation! There could be a hundred explanations for what stopped that car!”
“Oh yeah?” Cole challenged. “Name one!” 
Just then, they heard another set of footsteps in the corridor, and a few seconds later Isdemus appeared at the entrance to the Great Hall. 
“Ah, you’ve finally risen to take your breakfast,” he said. His pleasant tone contrasted sharply with the mood in the room. “Judging by your expressions, am I correct in assuming that Peter has debriefed the rest of you regarding the extraordinary occurrences of last night?”
They glowered at each other and said nothing.
“I would expect,” he continued, “that your parents will all arrive tonight at the latest,” – Peter’s heart leapt hopefully – “at which point longer-term decisions regarding your residence and continued safety will be decided –”
“You aren’t seriously gonna tell my dad about this place, are you?” Brock interrupted in alarm. “Mum is okay, you can tell her whatever you want. But you can’t tell Dad!” 
“I’m afraid it’s too late. They have already been told,” said Isdemus airily. 
“You won’t make them come, though?” said Cole.
“As if he could make Dad do anything!” Brock scoffed.
“We’ve left that decision up to all of your parents. Except Bruce, of course,” Isdemus added, nodding at Peter. “He will need to come as quickly as possible.
“In the meantime,” Isdemus went on, “I am certain that you still have far more questions than you have answers.”
“You can say that again!” exclaimed Lily, folding her arms over her chest.
“There are several choices for how we might go about answering those questions, hopefully to your satisfaction. First, we may stay right here and I will indulge your curiosity until either your patience or my voice gives out, whichever comes first,” he said with a twinkle in his eye. “Second, you may explore the city for yourselves, which I have no doubt you will find more informative and I daresay more entertaining than my narratives. 
“Third, you may attend Paladin High, where a number of teachers are far more learned than I am, and would be happy to answer whatever questions you may have, I am sure.”
“There’s a school here?” Lily asked.
“Certainly,” said Isdemus. “How else would you suppose that teenagers in Carlion would obtain their educations?”
“What’s Carlion?” said Cole.
Isdemus turned to Peter, inviting him to reply, but Peter could only stare at him dumbly. He hadn’t expected that he could still be surprised by anything, but he was shocked all the same. When Peter remained silent, Isdemus answered Cole, “In the days of King Arthur, Carlion was the name of the general region in which Camelot was built. When Camelot fell, of course, the ruins reverted to the name of the region. The city has been called Carlion ever since.”
“So we are in a city!” said Cole, elbowing Peter.
“Not just any city,” Peter murmured, gripping the edges of the table until his knuckles turned white. “We’re in Camelot.”
Chapter 11

“But… Carlion is still in England, right?” said Lily.
“Duh,” said Cole. “Where do you think all the legends took place?”
“Well, some of them were set in Wales, weren’t they?” she said.
“We are still in England,” Isdemus confirmed. 
“Still in East Anglia, too?” Lily prompted, with a glance at Peter, reminding him of their argument on that point the night before. Isdemus nodded.
“How is it that none of us have ever heard of this place then, if we all grew up just miles away from it?” Cole cut in, and then added, remembering Lily, “Well, most of us, anyway.”
“You hadn’t heard of it because Carlion is protected by the Forest Sauvage, also known as the Enchanted Forest, and by the nimbi,” said Isdemus. “The penumbra know that Carlion exists, but they cannot find it. The Enchanted Forest also ensures that no human who finds his way into the forest ever stumbles upon the city… unless of course he is specifically looking for it, in which case the nimbi sentinels will assist him.”
“Why don’t you want humans to find Carlion?” 
“Because they all have a specter attached to them, of course,” said Lily.
Isdemus nodded. “Well put. However, Cole, we do want the humans themselves to discover that there is more to the world than meets the eye. Everyone who comes to Carlion has the opportunity, once he or she is sufficiently well trained, to go out into the world and spread the word.”
“There must not be many of them doing that, though,” said Cole. “I mean, I’ve certainly never heard about this place before.”
“There are a good number of them in the outside world, but Watchers must be very careful. Too much information too soon will have the opposite of the desired effect. Often those who might have become believers instead regard the entire thing as utterly ridiculous, and then we have created a nearly insurmountable prejudice.”
“So the people who live here were all recruited?” said Cole.
“Some were, but most were born here, and their ancestors were recruited many, many years ago. After all, the Watchers have been at it for approximately 1500 years.”
Peter happened to glance over at Lily and saw that she was trembling. “Then why,” she demanded, her voice barely above a whisper, “If you people are purposely trying to find Seers, why didn’t you ever find me? Why did you leave me all alone… all those years… thinking I was crazy? Weren’t doing your jobs very well, were you?” 
Isdemus was silent for a moment, as if giving validation to her fury. Then he said quietly, “We do our best, Miss Portman. But we are imperfect.”
“There aren’t many Seers in the world, though, are there?” she demanded, her voice still resonating at a high pitch. “Peter and his dad were the first two people without penumbra I’d ever seen in my life, and I noticed immediately! How hard can it be?” 
“I understand your frustration, Miss Portman, and I am very sorry for what you must have been through. I suspect my explanations would sound to you like excuses, and would only anger you further.”
“Try me!”
He sighed. “Very well, then. Seers usually have certain peculiar behavior patterns, which earn them a particular reputation –”
“Of being clairvoyant?” Lily interrupted angrily. “Or crazy, maybe?” 
Isdemus inclined his head. “Something like that, yes. Once the number of people in a Seer’s immediate circle reaches a certain critical mass, word usually gets back to the Watchers in the surrounding area. I am only guessing, of course, but I would imagine in your case it was difficult because you were rarely in one location long enough to reach that critical mass.”
“So it’s because I’m not just a Seer, but an orphan as well?” Her question was defiant, but Isdemus did not react.
“In a word, yes.”
Nobody dared to speak, waiting for Lily to break the silence. Finally, she drew a shuddering breath and closed her eyes for a long moment. Then she made an effort to quiet her voice to a normal pitch and said as steadily as she could, “So how big is this place, then?”
Isdemus nodded with a smile, acknowledging that by changing the subject, she offered at least some small measure of forgiveness. Then he answered, “There are natural limits to how large it can be, of course, based on the locations of cities in the outside world, and the English Channel. Aside from these barriers, we can grow as large as we like and remain undetected.”
Brock snorted and sat back in his chair, folded his arms over his chest, and stared defiantly at his plate.
“There are also those who are resistant to accept even the evidence of their own eyes,” said Isdemus shrewdly, eyeing Brock, who set his jaw and refused to acknowledge him. “That is the state of most people in the world. In fact, in a sense, everybody is a Seer, just as everybody is capable of speaking the Ancient Tongue. Yet people see only what they expect to see, and will search for evidence to support what they already believe. It is a rare person indeed who is humble enough to admit that he has been wrong.”
Everybody shifted uncomfortably, except for Brock, who continued to stare stubbornly at his empty plate. “You’re all completely mental,” he growled. “I’m getting out of here the first chance I get.”
“You will have to wait for your parents before that will be an option, I’m afraid,” said Isdemus, unperturbed. 
Cole cleared his throat in an effort to decrease the tension. “So I don’t know about the rest of you, but I want to go exploring.”
“Me too,” said Lily, and pushed her chair back as she stood up. Peter and Brock rose too. Peter was curious about Carlion, but now he dreaded it also. More information did not necessarily seem to be a good thing, and a piece of him wondered if he’d be better off in ignorance.
Isdemus smiled and pressed his long-boned fingers together. “If you take the road from the castle courtyard and follow it through the fields, it will take you straight into town, beyond which you will find the gatehouse and the entrance to the city. If you wish to explore the Enchanted Forest, I request that you ask one of the nimbi to be your guide, or you might not find your way back. I must warn you, however, not to venture beyond the Enchanted Forest in any event. Word will have spread among the penumbra that you were the one who stopped the car, Peter. If one of them sees you, you will be recognized. I need not remind you that last night, even with protection, you barely escaped with your lives.”
Peter shuddered.

The corridor from the Great Hall to the front entrance was at least partially familiar. At the front entrance stood a servant in the same red and gold livery that Gerald had worn. His eyes flickered from one face to the next, but he did a double-take when he saw Peter, and his eyes widened.
“Beg pardon, sir. Are you the guests that arrived last night with Master Kane?” he said, with a thick Scottish accent.
“Er, yes,” said Peter, and stuck out his hand. “Peter Stewart.”
Understanding dawned on the guard’s face. “Bruce Stewart’s son!” 
“Er, yeah,” said Peter, startled that even the guard knew his dad. 
“We’ve been talking about you boys ever since you was wee little things –” he began, and then shook his head and scolded himself. “Excuse me, sir. I am forgetting my place. I hope you and your friends enjoy your day.” Then he pulled on the heavy ropes that operated the front door to the castle, revealing the jagged teeth of the elevated portcullis and beyond it, a very long, empty courtyard. 
“I guess he means you and your dad?” Lily whispered, perplexed. 
Peter pursed his lips. “But he said since we were ‘wee little things’ –”
“Notice how he didn’t even bother to ask who we were,” Brock muttered to Cole behind them.
“For once it’s not all about you, is it?” Lily snapped.
Peter and Cole’s eyebrows raised and they met one another’s eyes, but didn’t dare comment. Brock only glowered at her back.
The courtyard was mostly made of smooth, bare sandstone, except for a circular lawn at the center. In the middle of the lawn was a fountain, where water gently spilled from a stone sculpture of two intertwined dragons. Just beyond the courtyard, a rolling tangled walkway weaved through a perfectly manicured garden, secured with massive trees and extending far behind the castle. 
“Is that a maze?” Cole asked, gesturing towards the garden with his head.
“A pair of dragons,” said Peter in an odd tone.
“Excuse me?”
“The hedges were planted in the shape of the Pendragon crest, just like the fountain,” he said, gesturing to it. “You can see it from the Tower Room.” He pointed to the tallest tower of the castle, straight above the garden, with a window seat jutting out, unsupported except for a buttress of stone.
“How do you know that?” said Cole in wonder.
Peter gave a wry smile. “Dad didn’t spare the details. He really wanted to paint the story for me. I should have known he couldn’t have made all this up. He’s not that creative.”
On the opposite side of the castle from the garden were the stables, but beyond that, the castle seemed to be effectively isolated, surrounded by large stretches of cultivated land and pastures. 
“Think we ought to see if we can borrow some horses?” said Lily, indicating the stables. “It looks like this place is too big to explore on foot.” Without waiting for a response, she headed off in their direction, and the others followed.
When they rounded the bend, they saw one of the stable hands with a bucket of feed in one hand and smudges of dirt on both cheeks. He was a small, red-headed boy, and his face broke into an eager smile when he saw them.
“I heard there were outsiders in th’ castle!” he exclaimed, and rushed over to shake all of their hands enthusiastically, heedless of the filthy state of his palms. “That’s so exciting! What’s it like out there? I’ve been here my whole life, and I’ve heard stories, o’ course, but all of ‘em are second or third hand and I don’t know if any of ‘em are true or not, but they sure are interesting. Anyway, I’m Eustace! Oh – blimey,” he said, and stopped cold when he got a good look at Peter. “If you don’t look exactly like –”
“I know,” said Peter quickly, wishing to get past this uncomfortable part of the introduction.
Eustace went on, eyes never leaving Peter’s face, “I’ve never seen the real painting, o’ course. Only Watchers are allowed in the gallery, and I’ll be a Watcher eventually, and the youngest there ever was, even younger than Master Kane was, I’ll wager! There are reprints all over Carlion, though. It’s on bookmarks and posters and stamps, and…” he stopped, as if something had just occurred to him. “Wait a minute. That’s gotta mean… are you in the line?”
“You mean is he a descendant of King Arthur?” said Cole.
“Isdemus thinks he is,” said Lily, just as Peter said, “Of course not,” and Brock said, “Load of rubbish.”
Eustace looked briefly perplexed by the multiple replies, and then said to Peter, “So, who are you, then?”
“Peter Stewart,” he said awkwardly. “And yes, Bruce Stewart is my father.”
“Well, he looks nothing like King Arthur, does he?” Eustace said rhetorically. “’Course that don’t mean nothing, I s’pose. Most of ‘em didn’t, did they?”
Suddenly a thought occurred to Peter that made his heart flutter in his chest. “Wait a minute. How many people are in the line, Eustace?” He looked at the others and explained excitedly, “After thousands of years, there have to be hundreds of us at least, don’t there? How many are they watching?” 
Eustace looked as if he couldn’t be more pleased with that question. “Well,” he said conspiratorially, and waved for them all to come closer, even though there was nobody else around. Peter was too eager not to humor him. “I hear things in the castle, y’know? I’m little and I hide real well, and nobody sees me, and you’d be surprised at the things I know! Pretty soon Isdemus’ll see he can’t keep from making me one of the Watchers for much longer ‘cause I’m dead useful, I am –”
“Eustace!” Peter said impatiently. 
The little boy jumped. “Sorry! So, to answer your question direct-like, there are thousands of descendants all over the world now, but they don’t watch ‘em all, ‘cause the prophecy is pretty specific, see?”
“What does it say about looking like King Arthur?” said Cole eagerly, casting a furtive glance at Peter.
“I dunno what the prophecy says and what it doesn’t say, the Watchers keep that under lock and key, but I’m gonna find out just any day now, I’m getting closer and closer, and I’ve heard ‘em talk about some of it! Never got any specifics yet, but –”
“How many people can the prophecy refer to, Eustace?” Peter cut him off. It was all he could do not to take the little boy by the collar and shake him.
“Hmm, lessee, I think… I think I heard ‘em say just a couple days ago that they found another one, so now it could be one o’ three! I think there could be others they haven’t found yet, ‘cause they lose track of people sometimes, y’know what I mean?” 
Peter leaned back from the little huddle around Eustace, and exhaled deeply. He felt about a hundred pounds lighter. 
“So I was right!” he gloated to no one in particular. “I’m not the Child of the Prophecy!”
“The Child of the Prophecy?” Eustace echoed in a shriek, his eyes nearly popping out of his head. “Bloody hell! I thought you were just in the line… but...well, o’course it’s you! I mean, blimey, look at you!”
“The looks could be a coincidence,” said Peter impatiently.
“The looks and the accident, though?” Cole countered.
“Plus there’s the fact that the Watchers are sure it is you!” Lily put in.
“Excuse me!” Peter snapped at Lily and Cole, “I’m trying to be positive here!” 
“But… why wouldn’t you want to be the One?” Eustace said in wonder. “Wouldn’t that just be the best and most glamorous thing in the whole wide world?” 
“No!” Peter snapped. “You know what would be the best and most glamorous thing in the whole wide world? If this all turned out to be a bad dream, and I could go back to King’s, and do my research at uni, and get on with my normal life –”
“Spoken like a true hero,” Brock muttered bitterly.
“Fine, you want to be the Child of the Prophecy? You can have it!” Peter shot back. With that, he turned on his heel and stalked off towards the dirt road on foot. He heard Eustace asking Brock with interest, “What’s your surname?” and then when Brock told him, the stable hand concluded, “Oh, no, that ain’t one o’ the names I heard, can’t be you…”
Chapter 12

“Peter, get back here, you need a horse!” Lily called after him in exasperation. 
“I’ll walk!” he shouted back. 
“Well then we’ll just explore without you!” 
“Fine!” 
“What’s he mad at you for?” Cole asked Lily, bewildered.
“I don’t know, he’s always mad at me for something, isn’t he?” Lily muttered to herself.
“Can’t imagine why, you’re so pleasant,” Brock scowled.
“Speak for yourself!” Lily shot back.
 Cole and Brock had mounted their horses impatiently, and Lily held the reins of a beautiful mare named Candace, while Eustace stood uncertainly holding the reins to a dappled horse named Stroud that was to be Peter’s. 
“He’ll come back and get him when he wants to stop being so stubborn,” Lily said to Eustace, rolling her eyes. 
Just then Eustace saw movement towards the entrance of the castle and turned to exclaim, “Master Kane!” Then his face fell as he looked at Peter’s horse. “Uh oh.”
“Were you giving my horse away, Eustace?” called Kane, his tone surprisingly good-natured. 
Peter stopped walking down the path and turned to watch what was going on. He wandered back a few steps. “What are you doing?” he demanded, his eyes narrowing at Kane. 
“I’m coming with you,” Kane announced. “As your guide.”
“But these are th’ last four horses!” said Eustace. “I don’t have a fifth…”
“It’s fine, Peter was gonna walk anyway,” said Lily with a smirk.
“We don’t need a guide,” said Peter to Kane. “Isdemus said it was a straight shot into town. We won’t get lost.”
“Sure, it’s a straight shot if you keep to the main roads, but what’s the fun in that?” Kane replied, taking the reins from Peter and mounting Stroud before Peter had a chance to protest. “Come on. I’ll show you the real Carlion.”
“Why?” said Cole. His tone was the closest to suspicion that Peter had ever heard from him.
“Why?” Kane repeated innocently. “Because you’re new here! I was new myself once, and it would’ve been nice if someone had shown me around.” He spurred Stroud’s flanks with his heels, and Stroud began to canter down the main road. Brock and Cole exchanged a look and shrugged, following him.
“Come on, you can ride with me,” Lily conceded to Peter. But she mounted first. 
When Peter climbed up behind her, he muttered, embarrassed, “What do I do, hold your waist or something?”
“If you don’t want to fly off,” she said, bemused, and dug her heels in. 
Kane set the pace at an easy canter even though at first there wasn’t much to see. On either side of the road were huge fields. Peter had never seen grass or crops so green, sparkling like vast emeralds in the sun. There was a river at the far end of the pasture, and the vegetation seemed to glisten as if with morning dew. Far in the outer reaches of the field, they could see specks, which must have been workers. 
Peter tried to grip the edges of Lily’s jumper so that he wouldn’t actually have to touch her skin. He probably looked like a sissy, he thought, riding behind a girl, and he suspected that Brock would take the mickey out of him for it at the first opportunity. 
“So,” Lily said after a few minutes. Her tone was suddenly serious.
“So,” Peter repeated. He wasn’t going to help her out.
“Wonder who the other two are.”
“Well, apparently Brock isn’t one of them,” said Peter evasively. “At least not according to Eustace.”
“Ha! Can you imagine his ego getting any bigger if he found out he was supposed to save the world?” Half a beat later Lily went on, “Seriously, though, Peter. You do know it’s got to be you in the end, right?” 
Peter’s grip tightened on her jumper but he pushed himself away from her involuntarily as he snapped, “Can we talk about something else, please?”
She paused. “Okay.” 
He couldn’t see her face but from her tone, he could tell he’d hurt her feelings. Good, he thought, but he felt a twinge of guilt anyway. Lily was impossible to figure out. One minute she had a razor tongue, and the next, she was crying. How was he supposed to know what would set her off?
When she was still silent a few minutes later, Peter realized she was waiting for him to suggest an alternative topic. Finally he said, “Um. Did you sleep all right last night?”
Lily let out a short laugh. “Is that the best you can do?”
Peter felt his irritation rise again. “What is that supposed to mean?”
“You’re obviously trying to apologize for snapping at me,” Lily said, “but instead of just saying you’re sorry, you’re trying to make polite conversation about something so irrelevant that it’s completely absurd. You don’t care how I slept last night and we both know it.” She paused, and then added, “And I slept horribly, by the way. Thank you for asking.”
Peter was stunned to silence. He wasn’t sure if he was more affronted at her importunity, or impressed at her insight. 
As if reading his thoughts, she said, “Don’t feel bad. I’ve spent most of my life listening to the penumbra verbalize people’s motivations, and there are only so many to choose from. After a while I became an expert at cutting through the crap.” 
“Huh,” said Peter, and thought for another moment before he added, “That’s kind of… terrifying.”
Lily started laughing incredulously, and after a minute Peter found himself laughing too. It felt refreshingly normal. 
As the wind flew through their hair, Peter turned around to look behind them. The castle was now far enough away that he could see the entire structure clearly: it was tall and proud against the cloudless sky. The turrets, spires, and buttresses seemed to sprawl this way and that, not necessarily with any clear purpose, and towers sprung out of every nook and cranny like mushrooms sprouting from a log. Even at a distance, they could see that it was plastered with a faintly gold tint, and at the top fluttered a flag bearing a crest of two flaming red, entwined dragons.
“So what do you think Kane’s deal is?” Lily said finally. That sobered them both. 
“You mean why did he suddenly turn all sugar and sunshine today when he was such a prat last night?” asked Peter. “He’s up to something, of course. I have no idea what it is…”
“Did you believe Isdemus last night, when he said he didn’t think Kane was trying to kill you?” she asked.
Peter was momentarily surprised she knew about that, until he remembered she’d been eavesdropping on the whole conversation. He thought for a minute and said, “Yeah. Or at least I think Isdemus believes it.”
“You do think he meant for us to hit his car, though?”
“It’s the only thing that makes sense,” Peter murmured. “If he meant for us to hit it, though, and he didn’t mean to kill us, then I don’t really understand what he expected to happen.”
“He expected you wouldn’t be able to stop the accident from happening, of course,” said Lily, as if it were obvious. “He probably just didn’t mean for it to be so severe.”
“I’m still not convinced I did stop it,” said Peter.
“Oh, be real, Peter.” 
“Something happened, I’m not denying that,” he said defensively. “I just can’t figure out why everyone seems ready to jump to the conclusion that I broke the laws of gravity and stopped time… or that anybody else did, for that matter, since technically if it did happen it could have been any one of us! But it didn’t happen – laws are laws. There has to be another explanation!”
“Peter! You yourself told us about the meadow with the rainbow and all those images of the accident, and we all saw that car stop in mid-air and reverse. Cole heard you speaking the Ancient Tongue. Why are you being so stubborn? The world doesn’t all fit into your neat little science box, admit it!” 
“I will not admit that!” Peter said heatedly, “There’s an explanation for everything, Lily! And by the way, you were muttering something in that car too, I might point out!”
“I was whimpering because I thought I was about to die!”
“Well, maybe you were whimpering in the Ancient Tongue, for all we know!” he retorted. “Look, I don’t know what that meadow was, but maybe my life just flashed before my eyes and the adrenaline made my brain do crazy things –”
“Like freeze a car in mid-air?” she said sarcastically.
“Like create a scenario in which I had the capacity to collapse the wave function!” 
She paused, and then said stubbornly, “I know you want me to ask you what that means. Well, I won’t.”
“It’s an interpretation of quantum physics. It means out of lots of possible realities, I can choose the one I want.”
“Evidently I don’t have to ask you, because you’re going to tell me anyway,” said Lily dryly.
“It’s something I’ve spent years thinking and dreaming about,” Peter went on, as if he hadn’t heard her, “so it’s not all that surprising that in a moment of extreme stress, that would be where my mind went…”
“You’re telling me that in that critical moment, when you thought you were about to die, what popped into your mind was quantum physics?” Lily asked with a snort. 
 “Well, not like that,” Peter scowled, even though she couldn’t see his expression. “I wasn’t theorizing. I was… I don’t know, fantasizing about a way out of the situation. Look, it’s not that hard to understand, I’ll just explain it to you really quickly –”
“Peter, I don’t care.”
“You will care! This is awesome! Listen, there was this really famous experiment called the Double Slit Experiment. Scientists fired photon particles at a wall with two slits in it, and got a wave pattern. That didn’t make sense, though, because they fired particles, which should have meant they’d see one single point where the particle went through one of the slits and hit the back wall. Instead, it looked like that single particle somehow split itself in two, went through both slits at the same time as a wave, and interfered with itself!”
“Peter,” said Lily.
“Wait, wait, here’s where it gets fun,” Peter said, anticipating her delight. “So then the scientists installed photon sensors to see which slit the photon actually went through. Then guess what happened?”
“I’m on the edge of my seat.”
“As soon as they installed the sensors, the particle stopped acting like a wave and behaved like a particle again, went through only one slit, and they got a single point on the back wall, instead of a wave-like interference pattern!” 
He waited for her to get it. Then he tried again, “The scientists’ expectations changed the outcome of the experiment. The particle did what they told it to do.” 
“Oh!” she said. Then a second later, she added, “Nope, still don’t get what that has to do with the accident.”
“Okay, okay. Think of the wave they saw on that back wall at first as a representation of all of the possible locations of the particle. Then when they installed the sensors, out of all of the possibilities in the wave, the particle had to pick just one. One of those possible locations became its reality, and all the others went away. That’s the collapse of the wave function. 
“Larger objects have waves of possible locations too, it’s just that the probability that matter will behave in some way contrary to the laws of classical physics is so low that it’s effectively negligible in the real world. Once we hit Kane’s car at that angle and that speed, it should have killed us. The chance that all of the molecules in the Land Rover would simultaneously reverse their course without landing on top of us was astronomically low… but it was not zero.”
She was silent for a long moment. “So what you’re saying is, there could be a scientific explanation for you stopping that car!” 
“No,” said Peter stubbornly, “because probability dictates –”
 “You broke the rules!” Lily interrupted, paraphrasing Isdemus from the night before.
“Or maybe I dreamed the whole thing –”
“It happened, Peter!” she protested. “And I’ll bet you that’s exactly what Kane was trying to prove you couldn’t do.”
Peter had been just about to argue automatically with whatever she said next, but this stopped him cold. “But why? What possible motive could he have?”
“Can’t you tell?” she said, surprised. “Isdemus said he became obsessed with you. He admitted to stalking you the moment we met him. You saved all of our lives, but he seemed almost mad about it. He’s jealous of you.”
Now it was Peter’s turn to be surprised. “Why, because Isdemus and the rest of the Watchers think I’m the Child of the Prophecy?”
“Exactly.”
“What, you think he wants to be the Child of the Prophecy instead?” Peter scoffed. 
“Yes, Peter. That’s exactly what I think.”
Chapter 13

Peter fell silent for a long moment, absorbing Lily’s theory as the fields merged into Carlion’s version of suburbia. Smaller castles dotted the landscape that once must have belonged to lords and ladies, like Sir Ector, and the other knights of Arthur’s day. The servants of each castle bustled about in livery very much like that of Isdemus’s servants, except in different colors: green with silver trimming, royal blue with white, and so forth. One of the castles had a garden in front, and several enormous fireflies hovered over it. Peter did a double take and realized they were not fireflies at all, but little nimbus pixies. 
Far in the distance, he could see the edges of an orchard advancing very slowly towards the road. He saw a single speck in the distance that looked like a farmer, and then suddenly trees sprang up from the soil and grew towards the sky before his very eyes. That was when Peter realized that in the last thirty minutes or so of their ride, he had seen a good number of field hands, but not a single piece of farm equipment. He remembered what Kane had said the night before: “We don’t use technology because we don’t need it.”
Then he remembered what Fides Dignus had said about exploring the castle: “I’d save it for a day when the precipitation specialists order rain.” Peter looked up, suddenly suspicious of the cloudless sky, revealing an uncommonly cheerful sun. 
Lily began to pull back on Candace’s reins, and she slowed to a trot. The castles had thinned out, and aside from the occasional harried servant galloping past them into town, the countryside was eerily silent, like the calm before a storm. 
Then, all at once, the city burst into view. The main road emptied into a major thoroughfare, impassable by horse. Kane stopped at the hitching post just outside of town and dismounted. The others did the same, their eyes so wide that they scarcely had attention to spare in order to glance at one another in stunned amazement.
Several of the spires on either side of the street towered high, marked with battlements just for show. Cobbled red sandstone paved the street itself: Peter had never seen a color like it before. He happened to glance over at Brock, who was shaking his head with a look somewhere between shock and disgust.
Everything was loud, from the colors to the sounds to the smells. The villagers of Carlion possessed absolutely no concept of complimentary or matching colors, and instead seemed to be trying to out-do each other in garishness. There were emerald greens and fuchsias, with clashing floral and plaid patterns beneath royal purple silk capes and leather boots with zips up the center, which seemed to be all the rage. An elderly woman passed by with a basket over her arm filled with eggs and laced with a crimson ribbon through the handle that ended in an enormous floppy bow. She tipped her hat to them in greeting, which burst with a fan of feathers arrayed as if a miniature peacock had plopped down on her head. Nor was she the only one: ostentatious hats adorned the heads of nearly every female not dressed in the livery of one of the castles. Some were shaped like medieval-style dunce’s caps with veils floating on top of them, some like eighteenth century bonnets, and still others like wide-brimmed sombreros. All of them burst with feathers, flowers, and the occasional piece of fruit. 
Squawking birds and braying donkeys roamed throughout the crowd, and the clop of obedient horses and the delighted screams of children pierced the air. Several of the children pounded away at a peculiar kind of instrument that seemed to be a cross between a bell and a cymbal. About every fourth person glowed like the noonday sun, and some of them fluttered above the crowd, aloft on one, two, or even four pairs of wings. There were giants, elves, and graceful hybrid creatures that none of them recognized, and none of the townspeople gave the slightest indication of surprise at their presence.
Cole caught up with Peter and said anxiously, “Some of those creatures look exactly like the ones that attacked us last night!”
“Yes, but they’re not,” said Lily. “Those are nimbi. They glow.”
“I know, but they look the same!” Cole insisted.
“They are the same,” said Kane, sidling up to him and adding, “In substance, anyway. Just like good people and bad people are all still people.”
“Brock?” said Lily. “You all right?” 
Brock looked like he was about to be sick. He nodded with difficulty but did not reply.
“What’s with him?” Peter asked, trying to sound casual. In truth, though, he felt just a bit nauseous himself.
“His worldview is coming in direct contradiction with his senses,” said Kane matter-of-factly. “We call it the Schism Response. It’s not uncommon.” 
Cole looked at his brother with concern. “How come the rest of us aren’t having it, then?” 
“I was already a Seer,” said Lily, shrugging.
Kane added to Cole, “You’re pretty gullible, too. You’d probably have become a Seer even on the outside, if anybody had ever pointed out to you that the penumbra exist.”
Cole looked affronted at first, but he thought about it for a moment and nodded in as if he couldn’t really argue. Then he looked at Peter. “Are you feeling okay?” 
“I’m…” Peter began, swallowing hard. “Sure. Sure.”
Kane flashed Peter a superior smile and announced to Cole, though his eyes never left Peter’s face, “Peter is too much of an empiricist not to have at least a few adjustment issues, aren’t you, Peter? Having been raised by a Watcher had to help, though, at least a little.”
Peter flinched, and then scowled at Kane.
“What’s an empiricist?” said Cole.
“He means I only believe in things I can experience with my senses.” Peter looked around at the city, which assaulted nearly every one of his senses to the point of overload. Then he added grudgingly, “I’d say this qualifies.”
Lily patted Peter on the shoulder sympathetically, and said, “You’ll get used to it.”
“Pete, look!” Cole cried. He pointed at a cart in the street that read Pickled Snapdragon. “They’re giving samples! Want to try?” 
“Are you completely mental?” Brock snapped. “You can’t just eat something off the street. It could be poisoned!”
“It’s not ‘off the street,’” Cole retorted, taken aback. “They’re selling it, aren’t they?”
Kane watched the brothers bicker with amusement. “He’s entering Stage Two of the Schism Response already. That was quick,” he observed to no one in particular.
“Oh yeah? What’s Stage Two?” Brock demanded.
Kane regarded him mildly. “Stage One is shock. Stage Two is either misdirected anger or paranoia – depending on the person. Sometimes both.”
Brock’s jaw muscles popped out as he ground his teeth and took a threatening step towards Kane, who did not look the least bit concerned, even though Brock was significantly bigger than he was. Brock snarled, “Where should I be directing my anger, then?” 
“Brock!” said Cole, alarmed. 
“Back off, little brother,” Brock growled at Cole without looking at him, still towering over Kane.
Instead of responding, Kane merely smiled and sidestepped him, approaching the cart that boasted Pickled Snapdragon. When he got close enough, he said to the owner pleasantly, “Hello, Dolores.”
The round woman with rosy cheeks looked up at him as he approached, and exclaimed with surprise, “Well, bless me, if it isn’t Kane the Watcher!” She spoke with a thick cockney accent, and winked at him. “Haven’t seen you around in ages! Isdemus hasn’t been keeping you too busy, has he?” 
“Oh, I spend almost all my time outside city walls these days,” Kane replied with a charming smile. 
“Well, of course you do – you’re so important, being the youngest Watcher ever and all!” She looked as if she might have pinched his cheek if she’d been close enough. “Tell me the truth, now,” she added, and leaned forward, lowering her voice, “what’s it like out there? On the outside? Is really it how they say – with scandals and adventures all the time?” 
“Better,” Kane replied conspiratorially. “All the stories you’ve heard don’t even begin to do it justice. But don’t take my word for it,” he said, and turned to gesture gallantly behind him. “These four have spent their whole lives on the outside!” 
Dolores looked where he was pointing, apparently unaware until that moment that he was not alone. When her eyes fell on Peter, though, her eager expression changed to shock. Peter shifted uncomfortably. “Bless me,” she murmured again, and then wheeled on Kane and demanded in a loud whisper, “Who is that?” 
The smile on Kane’s face froze. “His name is Peter Stewart.”
“Peter Stewart…” Dolores repeated, still staring at him, her face slack with awe. Then suddenly she cried, “Lydia, come here, you’ve got to see this!” Immediately a buxom girl in an apron appeared from the back of the cart expectantly, and Dolores pointed at Peter, as if he weren’t standing right there, able to hear every word. “Who does he remind you of?” 
Lydia’s eyes followed Dolores’ finger, and her mouth fell open. “Well, I’ll be…” 
“It’s just a coincidence,” Peter mumbled, jostled on either side by passersby. He moved nearer to the cart in order to escape the flow of traffic.
“Sure it is,” murmured Dolores, still wide-eyed. 
Cole cleared his throat. “Listen, would it be all right if we just…” he pointed at the sign that promised samples. He licked his lips and said, “I’ve never had snapdragon before.”
“Oh, of course, of course!” said Dolores, and she and Lydia hurriedly pulled five full sized pickled snapdragons from the vat of vinegar and wrapped them in paper, handing them around to the teenagers. 
“No,” said Brock firmly, moving to block Cole from accepting one. “I don’t care if Stewart poisons himself, but you are not eating that.”
“Oh, but it’s fine if I poison myself too, I suppose?” said Lily sarcastically.
“I don’t care what you do,” Brock snapped without looking at her.
Cole seemed to visibly gather his courage and said all at once, “Youarenotthebossofme!” He exhaled swiftly after he’d said it, like he couldn’t quite believe it, and before he lost his momentum, pushed his stunned brother aside and snatched a snapdragon from Dolores, who looked distinctly uncomfortable. “How much do we owe you?” he said to Dolores boldly, and then added, biting his lip, “Er, you do take British pounds here, right?” 
Dolores looked confused. “Pounds of what?” 
“We don’t use money here,” Kane explained, still gazing at Cole with an expression that looked somewhere between amused and impressed. “Everything runs on the barter system in Carlion.”
Brock snorted. “I should’ve known.”
Lily frowned at Kane. “You mean… in all of these shops, people can just go in and take whatever they want?” She pointed down the road, where filigreed wooden signs jutted out into the street, announcing practical things such as “Groceries,” “Homeware,” and “Cafe.” There were plenty of street traders too, and most people had baskets on their arms or on their heads or their backs, full of fresh produce for dinner.
“Of course,” said Dolores, as if it were obvious. “Long as everybody contributes, it works out just fine, don’t it?” When they didn’t reply right away, she asked, “Isn’t that how it works on the outside?” 
“Definitely not,” Brock scoffed, and pulled out his wallet, waving the bills in the air condescendingly. “On the outside, everybody pays money. Nobody cares if you contribute or not.”
Peter gave him a disgusted look. “Speak for yourself. Not everybody’s as spoiled as you.”
“He’s having a Schism Response. He doesn’t mean it,” Cole defended his brother.
“Because that was so totally out of character for him?” Peter countered. 
Cole looked like he was just about to reply when suddenly he began to gag on his snapdragon. They all looked up at him sharply; his eyes were watering and he rested one hand on his knee while the other held the crumpled paper as far from his face as he could get it. He managed to choke out, “I’m fine… I’m… fine… It’s just... a little... gross...”
“Told you,” Brock muttered.
 Peter glanced down at his own untouched snapdragon, suddenly anxious to find a bin. “Well, we’d better be moving on. Nice to meet you both. Thanks for the snapdragon.” 
As they moved down the street, more and more passersby noticed Peter, pointed and turned to whisper to one another. He tried to ignore them, focusing instead on the filigreed wooden signs, which became stranger the further they went into the city. One said, “Portal Pictures: half-price sale on China all week!” but it looked exactly like an ordinary framing shop, and the pictures under the advertisement were not of China at all, but mostly portraits that looked like they belonged to someone’s family tree. Peter stepped closer to get a better look, and suddenly felt the uncomfortably familiar sensation of a hook behind his navel. The next thing he knew, his face was plastered against the glass.
“They’re wormholes!” Peter cried. 
“Of course they are, didn’t you see the sign?” said Kane, laughing.
“Well, I wasn’t totally sure a portal and a wormhole were the same thing,” Peter grumbled, sliding himself down to where the glass became concrete so he could pry himself away from the event horizon. “How come it doesn’t suck up the glass, then?” 
“The space specialist anchors it to the ground,” said Kane, pointing to a balding, red-faced man inside who waved to Kane cheerfully when he saw him. “He leaves the portals close enough to the street to serve as advertising. You know, to get you in the door.”
“Or through the window,” Peter muttered, rubbing his cheek. As he turned around again, he caught sight of a pair of preteen girls ogling him and whispering to each other. As soon as he made eye contact with them, they ducked their heads and started giggling, scampering off into the crowd. Cole shot him a sympathetic look, and Peter affixed one hand on his forehead like a visor, hoping to ward off the stares.
“You always wanted to know what it felt like to be popular, right?” Cole whispered, gesturing to the direction where the girls had disappeared.
“No, I didn’t,” Peter whispered back indignantly. “I wanted to know what it felt like to not get made fun of all the time. Not the same thing.”
“They weren’t making fun of you!” said Cole.
“Felt like they were.”
Ahead of them, another sign said “Water Specialists: Jim and Brenda Garvey.” On top of the shop, there was a second floor with a balcony, where a squat, Indonesian-looking man (presumably Jim) coaxed water from an unknown source into the shape of an enormous bouquet of exquisite roses. Beside him, a plump older woman who must have been Brenda held her hands over the rose sculpture and said something. Then Jim grinned at her and set the bouquet down, completely solid, next to an array of similar sculptures.
“What are they doing?” said Cole. 
“Ah, yes,” said Kane. “Jim usually works with the farmers to water the crops, but he and Brenda are getting ready for the Anderson wedding this weekend. They’re both water specialists, but he’s more artistic than she is and she’s better at freezing. They collaborate to make ice sculptures for special occasions. It’s always their gift to the bride and groom.” Kane waved cheerfully at the Garveys, and Jim raised an arm to wave back, at which point he lost control of the water sculpture he was working on, and sprayed himself in the face. Cole stifled a giggle.
As Peter watched Jim and Brenda, he nearly tripped over a swarthy man with a handlebar mustache sitting cross-legged on the pavement. He was playing a wooden flute, which nobody could hear, and he was shirtless except for the suspenders holding up his high-water trousers. Beneath the trousers he wore, incredibly, a pair of red and white striped socks that looked exactly like Bruce’s “lucky” ones. 
“So this is where he got them,” Peter muttered to himself. But that gave him an idea. “Hey, Kane,” he called, catching up to him, “where do you buy clothes here? Er, barter for them, I mean?” 
Kane arched an eyebrow at him and said dryly, “Why, you want to get a t-shirt for a souvenir?”
“Ha ha,” Peter made a face at him. “I want a hat. With a really, really wide brim.”
Brock started laughing scornfully. “You want some feathers to go with that, Stewart? Or how about a nice bunch of grapes?”
“Brock, stop being such a git,” Cole muttered.
“I just want something to hide my face,” Peter shot back defensively. “I’m sick of everybody looking at me.”
Kane bit his lip. “Wait here,” he said, and ducked off. Less than a minute later, he returned bearing a plain red baseball cap, and held it out to Peter.
Peter blinked. “Thanks,” he said uncertainly, and put it on, tilting the brim as low over his face as he could.
“That was… weirdly nice of him,” Lily whispered when he was out of earshot.
“Yeah,” Peter agreed, bewildered.
Cole interrupted, speaking to Kane. “Fire maker?” he said, pointing to a sign that read “R.J. Huffman, Fire Maker.” 
“He’s not there right now, I’m sure,” said Kane. “He’s got twelve apprentices and they all split up to cover all the castles, lighting torches and hot water heaters and all that.”
“Why don’t they just use matches like the rest of the world?” Brock said skeptically.
“We do in a pinch,” said Kane, “but we don’t import much from the outside world, and people here generally don’t invent ways to make other people’s skills obsolete. It’s considered bad form. Isdemus always says, just because you can do something yourself doesn’t mean you should.”
“So you’re saying more efficient technology is evil because it puts people out of work?” Brock demanded, finally finding something to be mad about.
Kane laughed and held up his hands. “I am not saying it’s good or bad. I’m just telling you how it is here.”
“Ooh!” said Lily, pointing at a neon orange flyer on a wooden post. “It’s a notice for a fencing competition next Wednesday! And they use broadswords, not those dinky little foils they use in the outside world to make sure nobody gets hurt!” 
“Do you fence?” Peter asked, surprised. 
“I swordfight,” she corrected, and puffed up importantly. Then she amended, “Not that I’m all that experienced. One of my foster dads did pay for lessons, though, and my sensei said I had a natural gift. My foster dad bought me a bokken – that’s a bamboo sword – for my birthday that year. I still practice with it every day.”
“Against whom?” Peter asked.
Lily faltered for a minute and then said defensively, “You can practice by yourself!”
“Pete, look!” Cole interrupted. “‘Precipitation Specialists: Special offer on snow, sleet, and hail from October through March; rain is discounted during the month of September.’” 
“Are they water specialists too, like Jim and Brenda?” Peter asked Kane. 
“Nope, atmosphere specialists,” he said. “If you can control the atmosphere, the weather follows. But I don’t have to tell you that.” He tried to smile at Peter, but the smile did not reach his eyes.
“Why is there a special on bad weather?” said Cole, frowning.
“It takes lots less energy to make snow when it’s already cold,” said Kane. “A few years back, the magistrates ordered year round sunny weather. You wouldn’t believe the chaos. They had to keep atmosphere specialists on shift round the clock to keep it going, and it always took at least four of them on shift at a time. It was a total nightmare. Now there’s a law that the weather can only be controlled a certain number of days of the year to keep costs down, except in extreme circumstances.” 
“What do you mean, it takes less energy?” Cole persisted. “You can’t seriously mean the specialists can make it warm and sunny when it’s cold and rainy?”
“That’s why they’re called specialists,” said Kane, a hint of derision creeping back into his voice. “If everyone could do it, it wouldn’t be very special, now would it?”
“Wait a minute,” said Lily. “What are the magistrates? Are they like the city council?” 
“No, they’re more like our version of Parliament,” said Kane.
Peter said in surprise, “I thought Isdemus said we’re still in England!”
“We are,” said Kane. 
“So, why isn’t Parliament your version of Parliament?”
Kane’s face twitched. “Well, being as the rest of England doesn’t know we exist, we figured we may as well govern ourselves.” 
Lily plastered herself against a wall to make way for an enthusiastic child in a royal blue smock dress, riding in a wooden cart pulled by what looked like an enormous glowing goose. The child laughed gleefully as shoppers dodged out of the way, and Lily couldn’t help grinning too. 
“So what are the magistrates’ gifts, then?” she asked Kane.
“What do you mean?” 
“If everybody can control one of the elements with the Ancient Tongue, and his gift determines his occupation, which one do they control?” 
“Oh,” Kane’s upper lip curled. “Most of them only have the gift of ideas.” It was clear from his tone what he thought of that.
Cole looked confused. “Ideas? That’s not an element.”
“Well spotted,” said Kane dryly. “The gift of ideas is a politically correct way of saying that there’s no difference between them and people in the outside world. So rather than admit their own inferiority, which would be the honest and ethical thing to do, they set themselves above all the rest of us and make up the rules for their betters to abide by. And for some reason I’ve never been able to figure out, we let them.”
“Look who’s talking about ethics,” Lily muttered to Peter.
“So what exactly is the gift of ideas?” Peter cut in. 
Kane said, “The magistrates claim that ideas are the most powerful gift of all, because everything that exists began as an idea. They call ideas the ‘seeds of all things’. I say it’s a load of propaganda. Most people just let them rule over us because they’re too stupid to think for themselves.”
“To think of their own ideas, you mean?” Lily smirked.
Kane glared at her and turned away.
Lily leaned over to Peter and whispered, “I was hoping he offered to be our guide to make up for last night. But I think you’re right.” 
“About what?” 
She narrowed her eyes at Kane’s back. “He’s trying too hard to be friendly. He is up to something.” 
Cole slipped in between them. “How come you guys are whispering all the time? Do you fancy each other or something?” 
Peter’s mouth fell open, horrified, and even Lily blushed and sped up, leaving Cole and Peter alone. 
“What is your problem?” Peter hissed at his friend.
Cole’s eyes widened. “Nothing! It just looks like you get on really well –”
Peter covered his face with his hands.
“Does that mean you don’t fancy her, then?” said Cole, confused.
“No, I don’t fancy her, but now she thinks I do, thanks to you!” Peter retorted.
Presently the crowd thinned out and the shops gave way to a bottleneck at the entrance and exit to the city. Finally, they got a good look at the wall. Its defensible walkways fortified it behind the battlements, stretching out between the watchtowers that punctuated the perimeter like a catwalk. 
“We’re going out?” said Brock.
“Of course,” Kane replied. “I told you I was going to show you the real Carlion, didn’t I?”
“Isdemus told us not to go into the Enchanted Forest without one of the nimbi as a guide,” said Lily nervously.
“You have me. I’m a guide,” said Kane. 
By now, the tumult of the crowds had fallen to a dull roar in the distance. Nobody seemed to be leaving the city except for them. 
On the other side of the fortified wall was another wall, through which they could see the lowered drawbridge, and another portcullis above it gaped open like the mouth of a dragon. The drawbridge appeared to traverse a ravine.
Lily caught up to Peter again, Cole’s comment apparently forgotten. “Peter,” Lily whispered. “I don’t like this.”
“What can he do?” Peter shrugged. “He can’t kill us.”
“And you know that because?” 
“Because a), if he’d wanted us dead, he could have killed us last night, or better yet, he could have just let the penumbra kill us. And b), Isdemus said he didn’t mean to kill us.”
“And you said you weren’t sure if you believed that or not,” Lily pointed out. “He couldn’t have let the penumbra kill us, anyway, because he still had to fight them in order to save himself. Plus, the nimbi were there. They would have told Isdemus if he hadn’t at least tried to protect us. Out here in the Enchanted Forest, though… you said yourself that people get lost here and never find their way back out again! He could make it look like a total accident!”
“What are you guys whispering about now?” Cole fell back beside them. 
Before they had a chance to answer, they were outside the city walls. Peter turned around, instinctively sensing eyes on his back, and saw two unnaturally tall men, impossibly thin and glowing from within, standing as sentinels on either side of the gate. One of the men wore armor that gleamed copper, with a panache of feathers that looked as if they had been plucked from a cardinal. The other wore silver, with a panache like the feathers of a peacock. They both sat astride beasts that looked almost like horses, but their snouts were too long, their nostrils too large, and their eyes too bright. The beasts glowed too, and each one had a golden horn in the middle of its forehead. 
In front of them, Kane bowed to the two sentries, saying, “Dílis. Bellator,” The sentries bowed in return. Peter thought he saw them glance in his direction curiously, but he couldn’t be sure. They maintained their stoic expressions.
When they were halfway across the bridge, suddenly Cole gasped, “Look!” He was peering over the edge of the ravine, and his expression was so compelling that even Brock obeyed. Below, clear spring water glistened in the streaming sunlight, and even so far below, they could see that it was teeming with tropical life. 
“It’s the moat,” Peter murmured in disbelief. 
“What moat?” said Cole.
“My dad told me that Merlyn turned Arthur into a fish in the moat that surrounded Camelot, to teach him about the hierarchies of the animal kingdom,” Peter whispered back, “when Arthur was still just a servant.”
“That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard,” Brock muttered.
Cole ignored his brother and turned to Peter, hardly daring to breathe. “You mean people can turn into fish here?”
“Not literally,” Kane called behind him. “It’s the gift of one of the science teachers at Paladin High: the gift of the mind. He can merge one mind with another and induce experiences so real that they literally become memories.”
“Like virtual reality?” Peter asked.
“Better,” said Kane, “because he’s not making it up. Two minds become one. All of the creature’s senses actually become yours.”
Cole and Peter exchanged a look, and Cole said in awe to the group in general, “Can we please go to school tomorrow?”
“We don’t even know if we’re still gonna be here tomorrow, tosspot,” Brock snapped. “When Mum and Dad get here I’m sure they’re not going to believe any of this rubbish. Dad’ll take us straight home.”
Cole arched an eyebrow at Brock and then turned to Kane. “Is he in Stage Three yet?” 
Kane smiled sardonically. “Stage Three is acceptance. So I’d say no.”
Peter leaned toward Lily and whispered, “Is it me, or is the idea of a guy who can merge minds seriously creepy?”
“Depends on how he uses it,” said Lily, but she didn’t look too excited about the idea either. “Does that mean he can also read minds, I wonder?”
They were past the bridge now, and Cole turned around first. His jaw fell open, and the others followed his gaze. 
“What happened?” he managed. 
It wasn’t hard to see what he meant. Suddenly the sturdy drawbridge they had just crossed was made of rotted slats leading precariously up to the gatehouse entrance, which was in a state of equal disrepair. The place looked completely deserted, and entire sections of the previously imposing gatehouse had eroded away from the weather, giving it a forlorn and blunted look, a shell of its former glory.
“Did we just miss the passage of about ten centuries?” said Brock. Even he couldn’t hide his surprise.
“It’s another means of protection,” said Kane. “Not that anybody ever makes it through the forest if they don’t know Carlion is here anyway. Even if they did, though, they’d think it was just a ruin on the other side of a ravine too precarious to cross.”
“Trick of the light or something?” said Peter doubtfully.
“Some trick,” Brock murmured. He looked sick to his stomach again. 
As they headed towards the tree line, Peter noticed that the cheerful sunshine had also faded into dreary cloud cover that threatened to rain. “I think we’re leaving the safe zone,” he whispered to Lily.
“What have I been telling you?” she hissed back. Then with one more anxious glance at Peter, her expression changed to determination. 
“Don’t do it!” Peter whispered immediately. He didn’t know what she was planning, but he was pretty sure he should talk her out of it.
Lily ignored him and set her jaw. “Kane?” 
Kane turned around expectantly.
“How come today you’re acting normal, when yesterday you were completely horrid?” 
Peter closed his eyes, wishing she could take it back.
Kane barely missed a beat. “I like that about you, Lily. You say exactly what you think.” 
“And you say only what you think is most likely to benefit you.”
He raised his eyebrows but went on pleasantly, “Sometimes when people first meet me, they tend to think I’m…”
“A dodgy little toerag?” Lily cut in. 
Kane actually grinned back. “Something like that,” he said, and shrugged good-naturedly. “But I’m not really. We just got off to a bad start is all.”
“Bad start?” Lily demanded. “Is that what you call nearly killing us?” 
“Lily, come on, it wasn’t his fault. It was an accident,” Cole protested uncomfortably. “Let’s just go explore, all right?” 
Kane continued to stare at her, the smile never leaving his face. Lily broke eye contact first.
“I wish I had a sword right now. I would so love to fight him,” Lily muttered, loudly enough that Peter overheard.
“Are you kidding?” he balked. “Did you see him last night against the penumbra?” 
She shrugged dismissively. “Yeah. I could take him, though.” 
Instead of a thicket full of ordinary trees, those of the Enchanted Forest had impossibly skinny trunks that were green and supple like leaves. They looked as though they could not possibly support their own weight, and a good strong breeze would finish them off if not for the intricate web of connections they had with one another at their canopy. Once they entered the forest and looked up, the canopy appeared delicate, like ferns, and the light that trickled through them seemed to dapple the forest floor like a flashlight through a fabric of lace. 
“So this is the Enchanted Forest!” Cole said in wonder. Then he murmured to the group in general, “Have you ever seen trees like these before?” 
“Of course you haven’t, because they aren’t trees,” said Kane. 
“Oh!” cried Lily. “Look down!”
At their feet, there were different varieties of what looked like moss and fungus. Instead of green and brown, it was brilliantly colored, in fuchsia and orange and even a strange shimmer that turned from green to blue to an iridescent red as they moved past it, like the wings of a beetle. 
She crouched down very low to the ground and whispered, “Hello?”
Kane saw her and started laughing. “They’re on duty. They won’t talk to you.”
Cole ran up ahead as best he could on the steep incline and called back, “Look up here! They get bigger!”
The others hurried to catch up with him. Iridescent shoots that looked like a cross between bamboo and banana leaves rose from the thicket. When they looked beyond, they could see that the entire forest seemed to be alive with an internal vibrancy the further in and the higher up they went.
“Shouldn’t we turn around soon?” Lily called. 
“Yes,” said Brock vehemently.
Kane called back, “Nah, the forest goes on for miles.”
“But,” Lily shot a worried glance at Peter, “surely we’ve seen what there is to see. And we’ve been gone most of the day.”
Peter leaned over to Lily and whispered, “What can Kane do to us with all these witnesses around?” indicating the trees.
“Nothing here,” Lily said, “but if we get to the other side, remember what Isdemus said? We’re completely unprotected. If we hadn’t been right next to the Grandfather Tree, we probably wouldn’t have made it out alive.” She glanced instinctively to the left and she saw Kane’s eyes fixed right on her face as she said it, and she turned magenta. He pursed his lips and pretended not to have heard. 
In the distance, suddenly Peter heard the sound of popping, like firecrackers. 
“What’s that noise?” said Brock, frowning.
“Sounds like a sonic boom,” said Peter. 
“A sonic…” said Cole.
“…Boom. It means something moved fast enough to break the sound barrier, like cracking a whip,” Peter explained. 
“Who would be cracking a whip in here?” Cole wondered aloud.
“He didn’t say someone was cracking a whip, he said it’s like cracking a whip,” said Brock irritably.
“Somebody’s looking for us, I think,” said Kane, craning his neck behind him. Sure enough, with a crack loud enough that they all jumped, an elf nimbus appeared before them, smoothing back his white-blond hair.
“Finally! I’ve been looking all over for you. Your father,” the nimbus pointed at Brock and Cole, “demands that you both return at once.”
“Dad is here!” said Brock, and then said fretfully, “Is he mad? What did he say, did he say anything?” 
“What about Mum, is she here too?” Cole asked the nimbus.
“I presume you mean the blond woman who arrived with him and prattles endlessly,” returned the nimbus with a raised eyebrow. “Yes, she’s here too.”
“What about my dad?” said Peter anxiously. “Is he here?” 
The nimbus shrugged. “Isdemus sent me as soon as he spoke with Henry Jefferson. That’s all I know.”
“Well, that’s that, then,” said Kane. “Let’s go back.”
“Finally,” Brock murmured, just as Cole whined, “Aww, really?” and skipped back to where Peter and Lily stood. “Can’t we sleep out here? I bet this place looks amazing at night…”
“Dad says we have to go back, so we’re going back,” Brock snapped.
“Oh, all right… Mum’s probably worried too…” 
“I’m kind of anxious to get back myself,” Peter said to Lily under his breath. “I have so much to talk to Dad about.”
Lily pursed her lips and looked away. “I’m sure you do,” she said stiffly, and sped up so that he couldn’t see her expression.
Chapter 14

Most of the shops were closing for the day by the time they reentered Carlion on foot and made their way back to the main square. The sun streaked pink across the sky in its descent, and shopkeepers pulled their wares back into their stores and drew the blinds closed. One little girl of about ten years old sat out front of the stone and masonry specialist shop while her father closed up shop. She was levitating a brick several feet in the air. When she caught sight of the group watching her, she grinned and made the brick do a somersault, just to show off. 
“Didn’t you say your gift was telekinesis too?” said Peter to Kane.
In lieu of a reply, Kane glanced at Peter, and with a sly smile, he looked back at the little girl. The grin instantly disappeared from her face and was replaced by one of terror as she found herself hovering about five feet off the ground, brick and all.
“Put her down!” Lily shouted, alarmed.
“Okay, okay!” said Kane, and the little girl landed gingerly on the ground. “She’s not hurt. Are you hurt?” Kane approached the girl and bent down to her level with an innocent expression. The little girl backed away and ran into the shop, slamming the door behind her. 
“You’re sweating,” Peter observed. Beads of sweat had collected on Kane’s forehead and rolled down his sideburns and into his eyebrows. 
Kane’s expression hardened. He wiped the sweat away and continued down the street out of the city without responding. 
Peter’s mind churned. “That cost you something, didn’t it?” he persisted, jogging after Kane. “You can’t just levitate anything you want. It’s like bench-pressing. You can only lift as much with your mind as you could physically lift with your muscles!” 
“That’s not true,” Kane snapped. Then he took a deep breath, as if collecting himself. His expression cleared and he turned back to Peter, his tone rigidly pleasant. “Not entirely. I can lift more than I can bench-press, but you’re right in saying that there may be a certain natural limitation.”
“May be, or is?” Peter demanded.
“May be,” Kane said firmly, and although he was still smiling, he spoke through gritted teeth. “For most people, there is.”
“Explain that,” Lily ordered, catching up with Peter on his other side. Cole and Brock followed her, also curious.
“I think I understand,” said Peter slowly. “It’s the first law of thermodynamics, isn’t it? Energy can be neither created nor destroyed!” 
“Peter, thermodynamics? Seriously?” said Lily, exasperated.
“No, no, this makes sense! The power to levitate that little girl has to come from somewhere. So it comes from his own body,” said Peter, and pointed to the beads of sweat on Kane’s forehead. “That little girl is heavy. And the further away from her you were, the harder she was to lift. Am I right?”
Kane pursed his lips, looking like he was trying not to scowl. He said grudgingly, “In the past, if I tried to lift something too big or too fast, it would knock me unconscious. Isdemus always warned me that it could even kill me if I wasn’t careful.” 
“You mean the total energy of the system, including yourself, had to remain the same, and the total entropy still proceeded toward chaos,” said Peter. “Right?” 
Kane rolled his eyes. “Sorry. I don’t speak geek.”
“I think he means to say you’re not invincible,” Lily translated.
A secretive smile curled the corners of Kane’s mouth. “I didn’t used to be. But now, all that has changed.”
“What do you mean?” Peter demanded.
Kane’s feral brown eyes appraised Peter silently, and then he pointed his index finger at the rough, jagged scar on his cheek. “See this?” he said softly. “It’s a battle scar. I always knew that the law did not apply to me. I tried to prove it.”
“But you were wrong, evidently,” said Lily.
Kane’s expression was unreadable. “Until now.”
“What do you mean?” Peter repeated. His heart was racing.
Kane leveled him with his gaze. “Well, somebody broke the law last night.”
Before Peter could process what he meant, Kane turned and kept walking down the street. Peter stood motionless for a long moment until Cole took his elbow and yanked him forward. 
“Come on, Pete. What’s the matter?”
“Lily’s right. He thinks it’s him,” Peter murmured, more to himself than to Cole. Cole stared at him anyway, trying to understand what he meant. Peter turned to Cole suddenly and hissed, “Kane thinks it’s him! He thinks that he stopped that car, and not me!”
“It was you,” Cole said flatly.
“How do you know?” Peter demanded.
“Because I saw you –”
“Doesn’t it make sense, though?” Peter interrupted heatedly. They were trailing far behind the others now, although Lily occasionally cast a look in their direction. “His gift is telekinesis, and that car definitely levitated! Maybe he was speaking the Ancient Tongue during the accident – it’s not like any of us could hear him!”
“Maybe your gift is telekinesis too,” Cole countered. “Did you ever think of that?” 
“Or maybe I don’t have a gift because I don’t belong in this place, and everybody made a huge mistake!” Peter shot back.
“Don’t be silly, Pete. Everybody has a gift. Didn’t you hear what Isdemus said this morning?”
“Fine,” said Peter shortly, and spun around three hundred sixty degrees, searching for an object, any object. He found a crate of oranges left out in front of a produce stand. He approached the oranges deliberately and said, “Up.” He held out his hands, stared at the oranges intently, and commanded, “Up!” Then he put his hands on his hips and turned to Cole with an I-told-you-so smile. “You see? Not my gift.”
“Maybe if you haven’t already learned to control your gift, you can only use it in moments of crisis,” said Cole thoughtfully. “Like in the accident last night.”
“Even if it was my gift, I couldn’t possibly have had enough energy in my body to stop that car! I would have died trying, and the Land Rover would have crushed you all anyway!” Peter snapped. He was angrier than he could account for.
“Either one of you would have died trying,” Cole pointed out. “So he must be right. One of you did break the law.”
“That’s not possible! You can’t break laws! Nobody can!”
Lily had slowed down to join the conversation and put her hands on her hips. She looked at Cole. “Is he in Phase One of the Schism Response?”
Peter glared at Lily. “If you weren’t a girl, I think I’d have punched you by now.”
Lily threw her head back and laughed. “Oh, please. You’d be flat on your back before you ever made contact.”
“You think I can defy gravity and reverse entropy, but I couldn’t land a punch?” 
“Apples and oranges,” said Lily airily. 
Cole let out a nervous giggle. 
Peter’s eyes darted towards Kane’s receding figure, and he took a deep breath. There was no sense in being angry with Cole, he told himself. None of this was his fault. He had simply arrived at the same conclusion that the other Watchers had come to – all except for Kane. 
“Okay. So let’s just… say one of us did suspend that car in mid-air and reverse its trajectory,” said Peter. 
“We all saw it, Pete,” Cole pointed out, exasperated.
“Do we even know for sure that this Child of the Prophecy is supposed to have super powers?” Peter persisted stubbornly. “There could be some totally different explanation. Yes, one of us stopped that car, but we don’t know who it was. It could have been Thomas, for that matter! Maybe the prophecy doesn’t refer to any of us!”
Cole and Lily stared at him for a moment, and then Cole nodded at Lily sympathetically. “Definitely a Schism Response,” he agreed.

They untethered their horses at the post just at the entrance to Carlion, and rode them back to the castle. When they arrived, the sun had almost finished its descent, casting great red streaks across the sky. Eustace met them and took their horses back to the stable with a huge smile. 
“How did you like Carlion? Is it anything like your world?” he asked eagerly.
“We’re from the same world,” Brock muttered.
“No way, it’s totally different!” said Cole enthusiastically.
“That’s what the others said too! A man and a woman just got here from th’ outside, said they were your parents, though I didn’t know whose they meant exactly, ‘cause you’re not all related to each other, right? The man didn’t say much, and he seemed to be in a right foul mood. But his wife went on and on, and she was all worried, wantin’ to know where you were and what you were doin’ and if you were all right, and then about th’ city and th’ sun and th’ nimbi, and I hardly got a word in edgewise to tell her you were all right –”
“Wait. What about my dad? Bruce Stewart?” Peter interrupted urgently. “He got here too, didn’t he?” 
“Hmm,” Eustace scrunched his face in consternation. “He might’a come when I was bailin’ hay… or maybe he used the Commuter Station, y’ know…”
Peter breathed again. Of course he used the Commuter Station. He was familiar with Carlion. There would be no reason for him to use the main road. “Come on!” Peter called to the others over his shoulder, tossing the reins to Eustace. As he turned he caught a very odd expression on Kane’s face, like he knew something that Peter was about to find out. But Peter was too eager to see his dad to give it any thought.
When they got closer to the Great Hall from the entrance, they could hear familiar voices.
“Polly, for heaven’s sake! Calm down!” The voice sounded clipped and irritated. 
“Why aren’t they here yet? What could be keeping them? How can you not be worried, Henry? In this city absolutely anything, anything could happen! How do we know they haven’t been eaten by some wild beast or… or turned into toads or something?”
“I believe,” said Isdemus’s patient, familiar tone, with just a hint of amusement, “you may be confusing Carlion with those fairy tales in the outside world written by the Brothers Grimm.”
“But… but what if they get turned into something like that?” she spluttered. “Henry, don’t you see that thing?” 
“Hmm? Oh,” said Henry irritably. 
“My name is Fides Dignus,” came Fides Dignus’s haughty voice. “And your boys are no more likely to turn into me than into toads!”
“Dad! Mum!” Brock interrupted when they rounded the corner. Mrs. Jefferson was standing in the middle of the Great Hall, wringing her hands, while Mr. Jefferson stood at the hearth, one arm lifted uncomfortably over his head in order to rest his elbow on the top ledge. Isdemus sat patiently in his chair at the head of the table, his fingers pressed together in steeple fashion. Fides Dignus fluttered over Mrs. Jefferson’s head, arms crossed over his little chest, looking miffed.
“Mum!” echoed Cole. He ran to her, and she let out a little sob of relief as she met him halfway and threw her arms around him. Brock meanwhile took a few tentative steps towards his father, but suddenly seemed self-conscious, and stopped. Mr. Jefferson removed his foot from the ledge, but made no further movement towards his sons. Peter crossed halfway through the room to where Isdemus sat, half distracted by the reunion of the brothers with their parents. Lily lingered in the doorframe, looking very out of place.
“I’ve been so worried! What happened?” Mrs. Jefferson exclaimed, pressing Cole against her. 
“Didn’t they tell you?” said Cole, confused. “Isdemus told us last night that one of the Watchers went to get you and Dad and told you what happened –”
She shook her head and prattled almost deliriously, “Thomas told us you’d all been in an accident, and he told us the wildest story about creatures that attacked you, and a car that almost flipped on top of you, and he hasn’t been the same since! Then this lovely older man with a goatee came and had tea with us (and it’s a wonder I was able to make tea because I was all a-fluster), but at any rate, he said you couldn’t come home because you were in danger, but he said you’d come to this city we’d never heard of! And then he asked if we wanted to come back here with him! Asked, can you imagine? As if we could do anything else! Then he told us about all these fantastical creatures – the very same ones Thomas talked about, although after a while he wouldn’t talk about them anymore and started saying he might have imagined the whole thing, he really wasn’t sure – but the man with the goatee said –”
Peter tuned out the rest of Mrs. Jefferson’s story, and crossed discreetly to where Isdemus sat at the head of the table. “Where’s my dad? Isn’t he here yet?” 
“The nimbi could not find him,” Isdemus said, his expression unreadable.
“Couldn’t find him?” Peter echoed nervously. “What does that mean? Can’t they just appear wherever he is? How can they not find him?”
“They can only do that if he calls them by name,” said Isdemus, “which he had no reason to do. Barring that, they’d have to find him the old fashioned way. He wasn’t at your house or at his lab last night, nor all day today.”
“But he never goes anywhere else!” Peter spluttered. His heart began to beat faster with some emotion he couldn’t identify right away, until he found himself shouting. “He should be here! Why isn’t he here?” 
Everyone else in the room fell silent and turned to stare at Peter, who clutched the back of a wooden chair as he tried to catch his breath. 
“We will find him,” Isdemus said. He tried to sound calm, but he looked haggard. 
“Well, hurry up!” Peter shouted, and he blew past Lily, who still lingered in the doorframe, as he stormed out of the room.

Once in the corridor, Peter found that he could breathe again. He tried to calm himself and collect his thoughts.
There had to be a rational explanation for why they couldn’t find his dad, but he was desperate for answers. He needed to know why Bruce had never told him about all of this. He needed someone familiar to help him navigate and make sense of everything that had happened. The fact that his dad had not yet come made him angry, and hurt… and scared, though he wasn’t sure exactly what he was afraid of. Written in the foreboding in Isdemus’s face was something he wasn’t telling Peter, and that made him nervous.
Peter wasn’t paying attention to where his feet were taking him. When he was several feet from the front entrance of the castle, he realized that he was desperate for fresh air; somehow, at that moment the castle felt like a prison. The night watchman raised his eyebrows when he saw Peter approach.
“Going somewhere, sir? It’s dark out already…”
“I’m… not going far,” Peter blustered and walked right up to the doors as if he expected them to open automatically. When they didn’t, he turned to the watchman and said plaintively, “Please?”
The way he said ‘please’ seemed to catch the watchman off guard, and obediently he cranked the rope just wide enough to let Peter slip out into the night. Peter could barely hear him mutter, “Isdemus is going to wring my neck for this…”
The courtyard didn’t feel far enough. Absently he moved in the direction of the stables, half-hoping to meet his dad as he rode into town, even though he knew that was impossible, or at least highly unlikely. He would be more likely to use the Commuter Station if anything. Still, he hoped. 
When he reached the stables, he cried out, “Eustace!” When there was no answer, he pushed the stable door open and the mingled smell of hay and manure assaulted him. “Eust–”
“Eustace is off-duty for the night,” said Lily. Startled, Peter turned around and saw her standing next to Candace’s stall, a shaft of moonlight falling across her face, illuminating the traces of tears that streaked her cheeks and still clung to her eyelashes. Her hand stroked Candace’s white mane again and again. She turned away from Peter.
“Oh,” said Peter. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to –”
“What do you want with him?” she sniffed.
“Nothing, I just… nothing,” he finished lamely. Then he shook his head. “I just needed to get out of the castle is all.”
“Me too,” she muttered. “And don’t you go saying anything about me crying again! I can cry if I want to, so you can just –”
“I didn’t say anything!” Peter protested. After a few seconds of silence, during which it seemed as if she calmed down a bit, he added, “Although for someone as aggressive as you are, you sure are emotional.”
Lily groped around for the only object she could find, which turned out to be a fistful of hay. She threw it at him, but it fluttered harmlessly to the ground.
“Why come here?” asked Peter flatly.
“I like horses,” Lily muttered. “They’re comforting. No judgment, they’re just patient and wise…”
“What are you crying about?” Peter interjected.
She paused, and then finally answered softly, “I’d just hoped my foster parents would come, that’s all. But they only just met me, so it was silly to hope…”
“That’s not silly,” said Peter. He sat down on a bale of hay several paces away from her. He crossed his ankles first, and arms in front of his chest, and then he rearranged and rested an ankle on his knee, and both hands on his knees. It reminded him of the day they met, because then, too, he’d suddenly felt acutely aware of his arms and legs. “What… er, happened to your real parents, anyway?” 
“They were murdered right in front of my eyes. I was six.” She sniffed again.
“Oh.” Peter didn’t know what else to say. He wanted to say something comforting, but everything he could think of sounded all wrong in his head. 
She turned to look at him. “Ever since they died, I’ve been able to see the penumbra, but I was the only one. Nobody believed me, and that’s why none of my foster parents ever kept me. I tried to be guarded with everything I said, but sometimes I couldn’t separate what I knew about people from how I knew it. They always ended up thinking I was crazy, no matter what I did.” She turned away and added softly, “Things are different now, though. I don’t have to hide anymore. Not here.”
“So… you’re not going back?”
“I can’t imagine going back,” she said. “I think I always knew this place existed, and I’ve spent my whole life looking for it. I still hoped they’d come, though… you know, to say goodbye.”
Peter absorbed that for a long moment. Then, in a sudden flash of inspiration, for once he knew exactly what to say. 
“Lily?” 
“Yeah?” she sniffed again.
“You belong here.”
She looked back at him and smiled, the streaks of tears glittering on her cheeks in the moonlight. “So do you,” she whispered.
Chapter 15

When Peter made his way back to the Great Hall, he found that the Jeffersons and Kane had left, but Isdemus spoke to three new people Peter didn’t recognize: two men and a woman. The woman was heavy-set and appeared to be in her forties. One of the men was also in his forties and had salt-and-pepper hair and a goatee, and the other man looked like he was in his sixties, with hair almost as white as Isdemus’s. All three of them wore stern expressions and looked as if they could be quite formidable if they so chose. They were speaking to Isdemus in hushed tones. 
“Er, sorry to interrupt,” Peter said awkwardly. 
The man with the salt and pepper hair and goatee glanced at Isdemus and said discreetly, “Don’t you think we should tell him?”
That got his attention. “Tell me what?” Peter demanded.
The three strangers exchanged uneasy glances. 
“We are merely guessing at this point,” said Isdemus, sounding exhausted. 
“Guessing about what?” 
The heavyset woman glanced at Isdemus and he nodded imperceptibly, as if giving her permission to share her theory. 
“You are aware that all people, except Seers and yourself, have one of the penumbra following them around all the time in the outside world?”
“Yes, yes,” Peter said impatiently. 
“Well,” she said, “that means that although you and Lily did not have one, Cole and Brock both did, and so did their driver, Thomas. Their penumbra were therefore in the car at the time of the accident.”
“So what?” 
The man with the goatee cut in. “So, they saw what happened. They saw that you stopped the accident from happening. Also, because Cole and Brock had both known you for a long time, their penumbra knew certain facts about you as well.”
“Like who your father is,” finished the woman.
Understanding dawned on Peter’s face. 
“We don’t know for sure,” Isdemus repeated. “Even though all of you warped to the castle, some time still elapsed between the accident and the time I was notified and dispatched a messenger to find Bruce.”
Peter closed his eyes. “Kane,” he said.
The three strangers exchanged more uneasy looks. “What about him?” said the man with white hair.
“This is all his fault! He caused the accident! None of this would have happened if it hadn’t been for him. I’ll kill him!” He turned to run out the door, but instead ran full-force into what must have been at least 190 pounds of the white-haired man, who had been ten feet away only seconds before. In spite of the full impact of Peter’s weight, he did not even flinch.
Momentarily Peter forgot himself and said, stunned, “How did you do that?” 
“Sully’s a space specialist,” said the man with the goatee, as if that explained everything.
“I think there are a few things you need to know about Kane before you run around making death threats,” said Sully, and gestured for Peter to have a seat. Peter glared at him, realizing that he had no choice but to stay, though he defiantly refused to sit down.
“Sully, please,” said Isdemus, sounding very tired. “I realize that Kane is troubled, but he has never given us reason to suspect that he would go that far –”
“All due respect, sir, but Kane may not be as harmless as he would like you to believe,” said the heavyset woman firmly. “Even you admit that given what we know of Kane’s obsessions, our concerns under present circumstances are quite reasonable. Peter must be put on his guard.”
“What present circumstances? What are you afraid he’s going to do?” Peter demanded, looking from one face to the next. 
Isdemus sighed, and turned to the three Watchers, all of whose faces looked resolute. “Very well,” he said, sounding haggard. “I suppose I owe you all that much.” Then he turned his clear blue eyes on Peter. “I cannot answer you all at once. I beg your patience once again while I give you the background.
“Aside from watching for and protecting you, the purpose of the Watchers, from the days just after the fall of Camelot until the present, has been to seek out those promising young people who can, like your friend Lily, see into a dimension beyond their own. The reason I say young people is because, almost without exception, once a human has lived with a certain worldview into adulthood, it is nearly unheard of for them to change it, barring some catastrophic outside force – which sometimes happens. But I digress. My point is that Kane was such a young person, and easier to find than most. More often than not, young people who can see beyond the physical world believe themselves to be insane, unless there is someone present to make sense of it for them, and so they hide their gift as best they can.”
Peter nodded mutely, remembering Lily’s tear-stained face. 
As if reading his thoughts, Isdemus went on, “Kane, on the other hand, was orphaned at a young age, spent two years in a state home after that, and never remained in one foster home for long. He freely described the appearances of the penumbra to anyone who would listen, as if the fact that he could see them made him better than everybody else, rather than of questionable sanity.
“It’s a marvel that it took as long as it did for me to find him,” Isdemus went on. “I finally did find him and brought him to live here in Carlion when he was eight. I attempted to find a foster family for him, but he had a disturbing streak of independence –”
The man with the goatee snorted. “That’s one way to put it.”
“The people in the city seemed to like him well enough,” said Peter, remembering Dolores who gave them the snapdragon samples, and frowning. 
“That is because most of them have known him since he was very young,” said Isdemus. “I did my best to instruct him in morality. In terms of facts and principles, Kane was a model pupil, of course. He was intelligent enough to not only learn rules of conduct and decency, but also to apply them deftly to any situation.”
“But to Kane, rules of conduct and decency are still just rules, and rules are meant to be broken,” interjected the man with the goatee, whose name seemed to be Dan.
Peter glowered at Isdemus. “This isn’t making me not want to kill him.”
“It isn’t necessarily meant to, although naturally I would prefer you didn’t,” said Isdemus, with a tight smile. 
“It’s meant to keep you on your guard,” repeated the heavyset woman.
Peter’s brow furrowed. “What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“Kane can be very charming when he wants to be, which is partly why the people in the city think so highly of him,” Dan explained. “We think that if you understand him better you’ll be less likely to fall for it.”
Peter shook his head, not comprehending. “Fall for what?”
“Let me continue, and you will understand presently,” said Isdemus. “Like most of the other boys in Carlion, Kane had romanticized ideas that the Watchers still operated on the same principles as the Knights of the Round Table: performing great quests as of old and seeking valuable lost objects such as Excalibur. It was inevitable, given his upbringing here in the castle, that he would learn more about the secrets of the Watchers than any other child in Carlion. The idea excited his imagination, but in what I regarded as a rather unhealthy way. Kane seemed to believe himself to be superior to his classmates, and saw the Watchers as a means to distinguish himself. I deflected his questions about the secrets of the Watchers as best I could, but I failed to anticipate the depth of his curiosity. Somehow, Kane managed to uncover the location of a secret library within the castle where we kept documents hidden from all except the most senior members of the Watchers. Over a period of almost two years, he would steal into it after the rest of the castle had gone to sleep. He spent his nights there, voraciously devouring all the information he possibly could on the history of the Watchers, and in so doing, he learned a great deal about a prophecy.”
“The one you won’t tell me,” said Peter automatically.
“I will in due time,” said Isdemus, “but it is not important at the moment.” 
Peter wanted to argue that it was critically important: Eustace had said the prophecy could apply to any of three people. He was certain that it could not refer to him, and if he had been the one to stop the car the night before, then there had to be some other explanation for it. If he could prove that the Watchers, the penumbra, and the Shadow Lord had been wrong about him, then he could prove to whoever took Bruce (if he had been taken) that they might as well let him go. But he couldn’t find the words for all of this before Isdemus went on.
“Until that time, no one outside of the Watchers had ever read or heard even pieces of the prophecy, but although Kane did not have access to the prophecy in full, because there were so many different contributors, pieces of it were quoted in other documents. In his case, this may have been even more problematic. Kane has probably already told you that he is telekinetic.” 
Isdemus paused, and Peter thought of the little girl levitating off the ground, and the sweat pouring off Kane’s brow. He nodded. 
Isdemus went on, “It’s a particularly impressive gift, flashier than most, which only contributed to his ego. Not only that, but he continually pushed the edges of his limitations in terms of the size and momentum of objects he could manipulate. People in Carlion have a tendency to stick to practical uses of their gifts, to contribute to society. Most of them do not test their limits, and so from Kane’s perspective, he was much stronger than they were. You’ve probably already guessed the conclusion that he came to.”
“He thought he was the Child of the Prophecy.” So Lily was right, Peter thought.
Isdemus nodded. “First, Kane had never met another Seer who knew of the penumbra and nimbi while still an outsider, so he thought that must make him special. Second, he considered his gift far more powerful than anyone else’s. Third, he did not know at that time that the Watchers believed you to be the Child of the Prophecy, and the bits of the prophecy that Kane found could also have applied to him –”
“I thought the prophecy could apply to any of three people, though!” Peter couldn’t stop himself from interjecting. “Why are you so certain it’s me?”
There was a stunned silence, and then the gruff-looking woman demanded, “Who told you that?”
“Eustace, no doubt,” growled Sully. “Remember, he somehow weaseled his way into our meeting two months ago? We swore him to secrecy, but I suspected that would be totally useless.”
“Was it Eustace?” Isdemus asked, and when Peter nodded, he sighed. “I will have to have another talk with him.”
“It’s true, then?” Peter demanded. “There are three?”
All of the Watchers exchanged uncomfortable looks.
“It was true, until last night,” said Isdemus. “You probably know from Bruce’s stories that the Child of the Prophecy must be of the line of King Arthur. Kane was an orphan and knew nothing of his parents, so he concluded that he might be in the line, and I believe he suspected the fact that I sought him out personally and raised him myself was proof that he must be.”
“Couldn’t you have just told him that wasn’t true?” Peter demanded.
“I did what I could,” said Isdemus. “But I had no way of determining how much he already knew, until he approached me a few years after he had come to the castle. In the course of the conversation, it became clear to me that he had pieced together enough of the prophecy to do some very serious damage, should he persist in his belief that the prophecy had been written about him.”
“Damage?” Peter repeated. 
“We’re afraid he wants to find Excalibur,” Dan said plainly. “He’s obsessed with it.”
“It’s the weapon the Child of the Prophecy eventually uses to finish off the Shadow Lord,” Sully cut in.
“It’s also the means by which he returns, and nobody really understands how both of those can be true at the same time, since it has to be destroyed in order for him to come back,” said the woman.
“How do you destroy the sword, anyway?” asked Peter.
“We don’t really know that either,” Dan admitted. “No doubt the first step is to find it, though.”
“So Kane wants to find it, but you want to make sure it stays lost,” Peter guessed, and they all nodded vehemently.
Isdemus waited for their side conversation to play out, and then went on, “After that conversation with Kane, I approached the existing members of the Watchers with my concern for not just Kane’s welfare, but the integrity of the secrets of the Watchers, and potentially even the fate of the world.” 
He paused. It should have sounded melodramatic, but in a room the size of a city block lit only by firelight, in Isdemus’s understated, gravelly voice, the words raised goose pimples on Peter’s arms. 
Isdemus went on, “I could think of only one solution. Though he would be the youngest ever inducted, I proposed that Kane should join the Watchers, simply because the induction ceremony would force him to take the vow of secrecy in the Ancient Tongue. A vow in the Ancient Tongue is not like a promise in English, which is only as valuable as the speaker is trustworthy. Vows in the Ancient Tongue are impossible to break, and so membership in the Watchers would require Kane to willfully sacrifice his ability to betray what he knew.”
“Betray it to whom?” Peter demanded, and the others exchanged another uncomfortable look.
“That’s not important at the moment either,” Isdemus said finally. “Suffice it to say, the secrets are kept for a reason. I believed induction was the only way to restrain Kane. Not that I believed he would do anything to purposely betray the Watchers or the secrets we keep –” (Dan coughed and raised an eyebrow) – “but I did agree that at that point, Kane had too much information for comfort. Several of the other members argued aggressively against my proposal, because while I would prevent Kane from inadvertently revealing what he had already managed to learn to certain dangerous parties, or willfully using that information contrary to the desires of the Watchers, it would give him access to far more information, and particularly to the identity of the one we believed to be the Child of the Prophecy.” He paused, and if possible, his gaze became even more intense. “I agreed that this was an undesirable circumstance, but, because I suspected that Kane believed himself to be the Child of the Prophecy, I argued that perhaps the knowledge that we believed otherwise might finally do for Kane what no amount of moral instruction could, to convince him of his own limitations. I convinced all but three members of the Watchers, which was still a majority, and Kane was inducted.”
“Three members,” Peter repeated, and gestured at the three strangers around the table, who smiled at him wanly.
Isdemus nodded. “These are Jael, Sully, and Dan, if you haven’t gathered that already. They are three of my most trusted advisors, but I did not listen to them in this case. I think that some degree of parental feeling on Kane’s behalf may have influenced my decision.”
“What happened?” Peter asked.
Isdemus sighed wistfully. “At first, of course, Kane was fiercely proud of the honor of becoming the youngest Watcher in history. But, in very short order, he discovered that the Child of the Prophecy was his own age, and was being brought up incognito in Norwich, unaware of the prophecy, of the existence of Carlion, or indeed of anything he could not calculate, measure, or observe.” He smiled at Peter. The smile was grandfatherly, but his words made Peter shiver.
“Kane is my age?” was all Peter could say. “I… thought he was like seventeen, at least!”
“Bitterness will age a person,” said Dan knowingly, “and Kane is the bitterest person I know.”
Isdemus sighed and closed his eyes. “Many teenagers have a rough time of it for a few years,” he said, but then he went on, “That said, Peter, I do realize now that I must apologize to you. I should have protected you better from what my advisors and dear friends warned me would happen. Once inducted, Kane suddenly had access to almost all of the information we had ever accumulated about you, and although he managed to hide it, he became obsessed. From your lineage to your personality, your photos, your friends, your hobbies, and your interests, Kane spent nearly all his time studying you. The purpose of all this, I am nearly certain, was that he was searching for a loophole. He was hoping the Watchers were wrong about you. The fact that you had never displayed any aptitude for the Ancient Tongue that anybody could tell, and could not see the penumbra or the nimbi filled him with righteous indignation, I think. On more than one occasion, in spite of the fact that you were perfectly safe with Bruce and no surveillance was required for any reason, I caught Kane following you, just to get a look at you in person.”
Peter glanced at Isdemus’s fingers absently, just to have something to focus on, and saw that he was wearing a gold ring that bore a symbol he vaguely recognized. It took him a moment to place it as the symbol of yin and yang, which he had always associated with Asian philosophy. It seemed strangely out of place in a medieval British castle. Jael saw him looking and pursed her lips, but at the moment, Peter did not have any curiosity to spare. 
Suddenly Isdemus pulled two unfamiliar-looking golden coins out of a fold in his robes. He began to rub one of them between his fingers, and to Peter’s astonishment, they both glowed white-hot, even the one he wasn’t touching. He dropped them on the table immediately.
“What – are those?” Peter gaped.
“Good idea,” murmured Sully to Isdemus. “Just in case.”
“They’re sixpence coins,” Isdemus said to Peter, “obsolete in the outside world, but that means they’re untraceable here – and these particular coins are entanglement devices. I will keep one, and give you the other.”
“Here,” said Dan, withdrawing a leather pouch from his pocket and emptying a similar but slightly different coin from inside. He tossed the empty pouch to Peter. “You can still feel the heat, but it won’t scald you if you put the coin inside. A little personal experience speaking: don’t keep an unprotected coin in your pocket, if you know what I mean.”
“What is this, like a tracking device or something?” said Peter, bewildered.
“Exactly,” said Isdemus. “I am not one of the nimbi, so even if you call my name I can’t respond to your location instantly. These coins are the way we get around that. If you rub your coin, it will glow white-hot, and its twin,” he held up the other, “will glow also, enabling me to pinpoint your location.”
“Then what?”
“Sully is a space specialist,” Dan said again, jerking a thumb at his white-haired friend. “So as long as we’re all together, we’ll be able to find you.”
Peter shook his head. “I don’t understand. Where do you think I’m going to go?”
“Nowhere, I hope,” said Isdemus firmly, and raised his eyebrows at Peter. “However, I want you to have a way to contact me, just in case.”
Peter looked at the coin and furrowed his brow, and then looked up at the three unfamiliar Watchers. If this was the team that was going to rescue his dad, assuming it turned out his dad was really missing, then Peter wanted to know they were good. “What are your specialties, then?” he asked, gesturing at Jael and Dan.
“We call her Rambo,” Dan said automatically, and grinned at Jael.
“Dan!” she snapped, turning slightly pink. “It’s bad enough that you two have to call me that, without teaching it to new people!”
“She’s what we call a muscle specialist,” Sully explained. “You may have heard stories of great feats of strength in the outside world during times of high stress?” 
Peter nodded. 
“The reason is because most of the time we can’t use our muscles to capacity due to a failsafe mechanism to protect them from damage. Jael can override hers at will.”
“The Golgi Tendon Organ,” said Peter automatically. “I read about that once – it’ll reflexively keep muscles from over stretching unless there’s a lot of adrenaline present –”
Jael shook her head and Dan stared at Peter in amazement and then looked at Isdemus. “You weren’t kidding about this kid, were you?”
“I don’t even know what a Golgi thingamajigger is,” said Jael. 
Up until that moment, Peter had thought her face was permanently etched into a frown, but her lips twitched a little, which he figured was probably as close as she ever got to a smile.
“Doesn’t that mean you tear your muscles more?” said Peter.
Jael shrugged. “It’s like any gift. It depends how much energy I have to spare to absorb the difference.”
“Once she couldn’t sit up for two weeks because she stopped the south wall from crushing a couple of kids,” said Sully. 
“Nah, I think she was faking it so I’d have to keep feeding her jelly in bed,” Dan winked at her, and she blushed furiously. 
“What about you?” Peter said to Dan.
“Me? I’m a water specialist,” he said. “Not very useful unless there’s water lying about somewhere. If there is, then I can bend it to my will,” he said, cracking his knuckles with a boyish grin.
“You’re all going to rescue my dad, then?” Peter demanded. 
Suddenly their expressions became grave again. 
“We’ll find him,” said Dan firmly, and looked at the others, who also nodded. “If he needs rescuing, we’re up to the job. Count on it.”

***

The Jeffersons were bickering. 
They remained in the Great Hall after Jael, Dan, and Sully had arrived long enough to gather that they suspected something awful might have happened to Bruce. 
“That is the most utterly ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard,” said Mr. Jefferson scornfully, and his eyes flashed at his wife and younger son. “You think that Peter’s father was abducted by a bunch of fairy tale creatures?”
“Yes!” Cole insisted, “because Pete’s the Child of the Prophecy! And they’re called penumbra, by the way!”
“I’m sorry, are we in Oz?” Mr. Jefferson shot back. 
“You saw them!” cried Mrs. Jefferson, her plump cheeks reddening. “Besides that, there were Thomas’s stories when he came back last night –”
“Which made absolutely no sense at all,” Mr. Jefferson pointed out gruffly, “and he repented the whole thing this morning if you remember, and swore he must have had some bad cheese last night to make him dream up such a ridiculous story! He said he must have hit a tree or something when he veered off the road, and he wasn’t sure where the boys had gone –”
“We went here!” cried Cole. “Obviously!”
“Henry, I don’t see how you can deny the evidence of your own eyes, the creatures were just everywhere in the city, everywhere! Then there was the elf that went to find the boys in the forest, and he was glowing, don’t you remember? And that hideous little cherub, Fido Dingus or whatever his name was…” she pointed above her head, though he was no longer there.
Mr. Jefferson’s expression hardened. “It’s bright here,” he said firmly. “That was just the glare from the sun through the windows. Nobody was glowing, Polly. Don’t be ridiculous.” Then he turned to his older son and demanded, “What about you? Have they got you believing in leprechauns and fairies now too?”
“Of course not!” said Brock immediately, puffing out his chest. “I’ve thought it was a load of rubbish from the start.”
“That’s my boy,” grunted Mr. Jefferson sourly, and Brock gave Cole a superior smile.
“Well, why do you think the penumbra attacked us last night, then, if they weren’t after Pete?” Cole demanded of Brock, his voice escalating.
Brock opened his mouth as if he were about to retort, but then faltered. “I... I’m not sure anything did attack us,” he said finally, his voice beginning to gain strength as he caught his father’s glance of approval. “Dad’s right, it might have just been a trick of the light or something...”
Cole gaped at him, but pressed on as if he hadn’t heard him. “So how do you think we got here? We warped here, didn’t we? And how do you explain the fact that this city is here in the first place, and it’s enormous and very close to where we grew up, but none of us has ever heard of it? That’s not even mentioning how we managed to survive that accident in the first place!”
“Right, I’ve had about enough,” said Mr. Jefferson, his tone clipped and hard. He turned to Brock and said, “We are going now, son!”
Brock looked relieved. “Excellent! Get me out of here!”
Cole stared at his brother incredulously. “You mean you’re just going to leave? When Pete’s dad has been kidnapped? You’re not going to stay and help?”
“His dad is fine,” Brock shot back. “He probably just didn’t want to come, and I can’t say I blame him. This place is mental. Besides, even if something did happen to him, that’s not my problem, is it?”
Cole was speechless. Then he turned to his mother. She shrugged at him helplessly, and his expression hardened. “If something happened to Pete’s dad, I can’t just leave him! I’m staying to help!”
Mrs. Jefferson’s eyes widened and she sidestepped towards Cole for solidarity. “If Cole is staying, I… I’m staying too!”
“Like hell you are,” Mr. Jefferson growled. 
His wife cowered under his glare. “But… one of us has to stay here with him,” she said in a tiny voice.
“You will both come home with me where you belong,” said Mr. Jefferson through gritted teeth, “and that is final.”
“You can’t make me!” said Cole defiantly, planting his feet and crossing his arms over his chest. Even as he did it, his eyes widened, as if he couldn’t believe his own nerve.
Mr. Jefferson’s face flushed puce. He grabbed his wife by the arm so tightly that she whimpered, but to Cole’s surprise, his eyes narrowed, and he said to Cole, “Fine. I can’t say I ever expected any sort of rational thought from you anyway. I’m sorry to see that you’ve proven me right.”
With that, three Jeffersons left Carlion, leaving Cole feeling as if he’d been punched in the stomach. 
But he could not think about that right then. He had to find Peter.
Chapter 16

Peter left the Great Hall and headed straight for the front entrance of the castle, where he was sure to find the night guard on duty. Apparently, the shift had changed since Peter had slipped outside to the stables. Tonight, he discovered, the guard was Gerald, the same servant who had taken him to his room the night before. 
“Are you going out at this hour, sir?” Gerald asked. It was nearing ten o’clock.
“No, I just came to ask a question, and this is the only place I knew I’d find someone to answer it,” said Peter, as casually as he could. “Where is Kane’s room?”
“Oh!” said Gerald, surprised. “Master Kane sleeps in the Tower Room.” 
“Where is the Tower Room?”
“In the… tower, sir.”
“Well, there are so many,” said Peter, remembering the silhouette of the castle from a distance, with golden spires and buttresses flying in every direction.
“I mean the Astronomy Tower, sir. It’s at the top of the same stairs that lead to your chamber.”
Peter pasted a smile on his face. “Thanks! I just need to ask him something,” he added, hoping his cheerful tone would cast off any suspicion.
He felt Gerald’s eyes on his back as he rounded the corner towards the corridor that led to the hall. 
Vaguely, Peter recalled from his dad’s stories that the Astronomy Tower had been built for Merlyn, and it had exactly four hundred ninety two steps from the ground floor. He counted them as he climbed, hoping the repetition of something as calming and steady as numbers would have a similar effect on his nerves. It was no use: with every step, he grew angrier. By the time he reached the landing, it was all he could do not to beat the door down. 
He hesitated for a moment to collect himself. He did not want to lose control, partly because he needed Kane to cooperate, and partly because the thought had occurred to him that they were a very long way from the rest of the castle. If there was a struggle, well… it was possible that no one would find his body for days.
He set his jaw, took a deep breath, and knocked. 
Kane opened the door a second later with a sullen expression that suddenly rearranged when he saw his guest – too bright, too cheerful.
“Peter,” he said graciously. “What brings you up to my neck of the woods this fine hour?”
“It’s your fault,” Peter said, but did his best to keep his tone even. “Because of the accident, the penumbra kidnapped my dad.”
Kane’s pleasant expression flickered as he registered what Peter had said. “Bruce is missing?” he said with as much concern as he could muster. “That’s… that’s terrible!”
“Save it,” Peter snapped. “The first thing I want is to hear out of your mouth is you admitting that you caused that accident.”
Kane’s eyebrows shot up. “Why would I do that?” 
“Because you wanted to prove I wasn’t who the rest of the Watchers think I am.”
Kane’s expression twitched and he turned away. “Did Isdemus tell you that?” he said, his tone unreadable. 
Peter followed him into the peculiar room of strange brass instruments, dirty clothing, and scraps of parchment written in a foreign language. These might have interested Peter at another time, but now they barely registered. He continued as if he hadn’t heard Kane, his voice beginning to escalate. “Did you even care that there were other people in that car with me? Did it occur to you that if things had turned out differently, they would have died too?”
Kane snorted once, his pleasant mask slipping. “You’re completely overreacting.”
Peter balled his hands into fists so tightly that he could feel his fingernails biting into his palm. “I’m overreacting?” he repeated incredulously. “What exactly is your problem?” 
Kane’s eyes flashed, the pleasant façade gone. “Oh, you mean, why aren’t I worshipping at your feet like everyone else in this wretched place?” he snapped. 
Peter’s stomach turned over. “So this is a competition.” 
“Don’t flatter yourself!” Kane spat. 
“It was your fault,” Peter repeated through gritted teeth. His palms throbbed, and so did his temples.
“What do you want me to say?” Kane said defiantly. “I’m sorry? It was an accident. Do you know the definition of the word, accident?” 
Suddenly the images flooded Peter’s mind of what he had seen in that rainbow, what might have happened. He saw the Land Rover landing in the front seat of the BMW, crushing Thomas and Brock instantly. He saw Lily and Cole not breathing in the backseat, bleeding freely, and Peter himself… he would never forget the strange, visceral terror of observing his own mangled body. He had seen the accident so many times in that interminable meadow, from the variations of slight angles of force, one after the other: death, death, death, death, and death. 
Peter didn’t think about it: he just punched Kane in the face as hard has he could. 
He had never punched anybody in his life before. It wasn’t a reflex he even knew he had. It surprised him how much it hurt his knuckles. Peter looked down at his hand in awe. It was bloody, but he wasn’t sure if it was Kane’s blood or his own.
Kane sat up slowly, gasping for air, rubbing his jaw, and staring at Peter with a bizarre mixture of hatred and respect. “Feel better now?” he managed to splutter as he spit blood into the bin nearby.
“A bit,” Peter admitted. 
“Is that what you came up here for?”
“No. I came here so you could redeem yourself.”
Kane regarded him for a moment, looking grudgingly intrigued. “I’m listening.”
“You know what I think?” said Peter. “I think you already knew my dad was missing this morning. The nimbi sent to bring him back arrived at the castle right after the four of us left, and said they couldn’t find him. You knew what must have happened, and you knew it was your fault. That’s why you were so freakishly nice all of a sudden. Either you didn’t want us to put two and two together and blame you, or you felt guilty and were trying to make up for it.”
Kane looked surprised at first, and then – something else. Peter couldn’t place it. “You’re right,” he sighed. 
“What?”
“You’re right. I did know this morning. I suspected it last night, actually, but I didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to scare you, and there was nothing anybody could do about it anyway.”
Peter regarded him cautiously. “And the accident?”
Kane stumbled to his feet, and muttered just loudly enough that Peter could hear, “It wasn’t supposed to happen like that.” 
“What did you expect to happen, then?” Peter demanded, his voice rising as he unconsciously balled his fists at his sides again.
“Calm down, all right? You’re not dead, are you?” Kane ran a hand absently through his unkempt hair in frustration. “The driver just happened to hit at exactly the right angle. He wasn’t supposed to flip. Nobody was supposed to die.” 
“Then you admit it was your fault,” Peter said, his voice barely controlled.
Kane grimaced, and said, “Yes. So I’m sorry,” as if the words pained him. “Happy now?”
“Not yet,” Peter said through still gritted teeth. “If you really want to make up for what you’ve done, I need you to do something.”
“Oh yeah? What’s that?” 
“Help me rescue my dad.”
Kane’s mouth fell open just a little before he caught himself. He tried to keep his voice even, but it still trembled just a bit as he said, “You know where he is then?” 
“No,” Peter admitted. “But Isdemus told me you found a secret library in the castle, where the prophecies are hidden. I need you to take me there.” 
“You want to see the prophecies?” said Kane skeptically, as he retrieved a washcloth from his bathroom and pressed it against his lip to stop the bleeding. “Why?”
“To prove they’re not about me. I know they’re not. Eustace told me they could apply to any one of three people. If the prophecy isn’t about me, then there’s no reason for the penumbra to hold my dad.” Peter folded his arms over his chest. “I figure we’re on the same team on that one, right?”
Kane looked at Peter for a long moment as if trying to decide whether he meant it. “All right, I’ll show you where it is,” he said. “If anybody catches you, though, you didn’t find this place from me, you hear me?”
“Right,” Peter snorted, “like anybody will believe that.”
Kane brushed by Peter, who followed him onto the landing, and he locked the chamber behind him. Then turned toward Peter with what could only be described as a conspiratorial smile. 
“Follow me,” he said.

Kane led Peter back down the hallway toward the staircase. Peter could hear the echoes of their footsteps on the stairs. They sounded hollow and ancient. 
They got back down to the ground floor, but just as Peter thought they were headed through the main corridor again, he saw Kane turn toward a blank section of the stone wall, where he stopped. Then he began to tap in a strange pattern, not like he was knocking but rather as if he were tapping out Morse code. Peter watched him carefully. He stood five blocks to the left of the edge of the wall, twelve blocks up from the floor, and he tapped three times rapid, two long, one rapid, three long. When he put the last tap into place, much to Peter’s surprise, there was a low rumble from inside the belly of the wall, and a uniform subset of the stone blocks elevated from the surface of the wall on one end and receded on the opposite side.
“A secret door?” said Peter in disbelief.
Kane grinned mysteriously. “There’s an entire castle within the castle. The walls are much thicker than they need to be, but not so thick that anyone might suspect if they didn’t already know. The design is meant to protect the women and children and sustain them for months at a time if the castle was ever stormed and overrun. That also means that everything in the inner labyrinth is connected to everything else.” 
“How did you get the door to open just by tapping? Is it... I don’t know, automated somehow?”
Kane glanced back at him and rolled his eyes. “I won’t even dignify that with a response.”
“So I could get to my room from here?” Peter persisted. “If I knew the tapping sequence you just did?” Mentally he rehearsed it in his head again, just in case he ever needed to use it. “Is it the same one in every room?” 
“Yes, it’s the same. You could use the passage to get to any room in the castle if you knew the way: your room, or the Commuter Station, for instance. Anywhere.” He said it very casually, almost flippantly.
“How in the world did you find out about this?” Peter said in awe. 
“Oh,” said Kane mysteriously. “You would be stunned at the things I’ve found.”
When the secret door had rotated sideways enough that Peter could see behind it, he saw a dark, narrow passageway that smelled musty and looked foreboding. For one wild moment, Peter wondered whether Kane was leading him to the dungeons, and whether he would ever find his way back out again. Kane’s swollen lip gave his grin a ghoulish appearance. 
“After you,” he said.
Peter clenched his teeth, swallowed the urge to flee, and against his better judgment ducked into the inky blackness with Kane at his back. The door revolved shut. 
To Peter’s relief, however, a second later Kane switched on a flashlight. Peter blinked, surprised that it was battery-powered. 
“Didn’t you just make a point about not having technology here?”
“I’m an air specialist, not a photon specialist,” Kane shrugged.
Peter stopped in his tracks. “What did you say?”
He could see Kane’s eerie smile cast in long shadows in the odd angles of the flashlight. “Oh yes. Bruce didn’t make that up either!”
“He really can create photons,” Peter muttered to himself, and then after a long pause as he pondered the idea, he mused aloud, “I guess that must mean he can excite electrons so that they give off their extra quanta of energy in the form of visible light –” 
“Shut up, Peter,” said Kane.
“Like... like in light bulbs that aren’t plugged in,” Peter went on without hearing him, feeling sick. “I can’t believe it. It was true. He was serious.”
“Watch your step.”
“Why don’t you get in front, since you have the light?” Peter snapped.
“The passage isn’t big enough for us to switch places.”
There was a musty odor that Peter couldn’t quite put his finger on, and the humidity in the air clung to his nose in beads of sweat, even though the air was slightly chilly. There was a bizarre whistling sound, like wind, although Peter couldn’t figure out where the wind would be coming from this deep inside the castle, nor could he feel the air moving. He shivered involuntarily. 
“The library is down here?” Peter said uncertainly, struggling to make his tone sound even. 
“That’s what you asked for, isn’t it?” came Kane’s voice. “We’re at about the equivalent of the second basement right now. The Commuter Station where you all came in to the castle is down this hall, to the left.” Peter could see him pointing out of the corner of his eye down a yawning black passage to the side.
They were descending steeply now, though all along the way Peter had seen halls leading off to who knew where.
“Make a hard right,” Kane said, and when Peter did so, he nearly collided with a pair of heavy, carved oaken doors. 
Kane pulled a key from a piece of thread around his neck that looked just like the skeleton key Gerald had given Peter the night before, and slid it into the keyhole. 
“Welcome,” said Kane dramatically, as he pushed the doors open, “to the complete and secret history of the Watchers.”
Peter blinked; momentarily dazzled by the brightness of the room after the pitch-black corridor lit only by Kane’s flashlight. Torches on the empty wall on one side lit the room, and their light reflected off the dusty spines of large volumes from floor to ceiling on the other. The ceiling looked almost as high as those of the Great Hall, and just looking at the sliding ladder that would allow him to reach the top gave Peter vertigo. 
Despite the strangeness of the room, one question disturbed Peter at the moment more than any other. “Why are the torches lit in here? I thought nobody else knew about this place?”
Kane shrugged. “Not nobody else. Isdemus knows about it at least, and he’s a fire specialist. He was probably in here earlier.” He gestured at the books, and said, “You will find answers in here to just about every question you could ever hope to ask.”
“What are all these?” Peter breathed.
“History.”
“All of them?”
“In excruciating detail,” Kane nodded. “One of the jobs of the Watchers has been to record history as it actually happened.”
“Instead of how most people perceived it,” Peter finished. He felt a pang as he heard Bruce’s voice echo in his mind: Just know that in the not-so-distant future, I will be in the enviable position of saying, ‘I told you so!’ 
Kane nodded. “History as you’ve been taught in your schools is nothing more than a lot of agreement. Eventually anything to the contrary just… fades away. The visible world, as you know, is really only about three percent of reality. That seems to imply that people miss quite a lot.” He walked confidently further into the library as if he owned the place, pointing out sections he had identified. “The true accounts of most of the fairy tales ever written can be found here. To your left are the more accurate depictions of the rise and fall of the great empires of the world. But what you want, I believe, is over here.”
He took several more paces to the right, climbed up the ladder five shelves, and slid sideways until he was close enough to hop onto an adjacent ladder, where he kept climbing for several shelves more. Peter followed him on the ground, wondering why Kane hadn’t just walked to the second ladder in the first place, but Kane never seemed to do anything the easy way. 
“Bombs away!” said Kane, held an enormous volume just over Peter’s head, and let go. Peter’s eyes grew wide and he put his arms out, uncertain whether he should prioritize catching the book or protecting his head from the heavy-looking spine. When the book was about three inches from Peter’s head, though, it stopped and hovered. “Just kidding,” Kane said with a superior smile as he climbed down, maintaining eye contact with the book. Peter scowled at him and tried to snatch the volume from the air, but it bounced upwards just out of reach. Kane’s grin grew wider, and he beckoned the volume back into his own waiting arms when he reached the ground, and then thrust it at Peter, who thought about giving him a black eye to match his fat lip. 
It looked hand-written and bound, nondescript, without writing of any sort on the cover or spine. There was nothing to attract the attention of anyone who did not already know what he was looking for. 
“When you’re finished with that one, I suggest you try this next,” said Kane, pulling a volume off a shelf at a normal distance from the ground. The spine read The Life and Times of Morgan le Fay. Vaguely Peter wondered what Morgan le Fay had to do with anything, but he was too anxious to read the volume already in his arms to bother asking.
Abruptly Kane said, “Well, have a good night!” He turned to go.
Peter’s mouth fell open, and his heart beat faster. “You’re just gonna leave me here, alone?” He had no idea how far down they were, and he wondered if he would ever be able to find his way back out again.
“You won’t be alone for long,” Kane said. Before Peter could ask what he meant, Kane waggled his fingers in parting, and the door clicked shut behind him. 
Peter gaped at the place where Kane had been a moment before, and then looked at the volume resting unopened in his hands. Mentally he took a moment to retrace their steps in his head while they were still fresh in his memory. He thought it had been a straight shot, though he realized too late that Kane had not given him the flashlight. There’s nothing to be done about that now, he thought. With that, he settled himself on the floor, since it would be very difficult to wield the pages of a volume as large as the one he was holding while standing upright. He breathed in deeply and brushed away a layer of grime from the cover.
Just as he was about to open it, the now-unlocked library doors swung in to admit two more frantic-looking guests.
“Cole! Lily!” cried Peter.
“We followed you,” Cole gasped. 
“I see that, but how –”
“I ran into Lily in the hall just before we saw you disappear with Kane,” Cole cut him off. 
“We followed behind you all the way down the passage, but then when you two went in we figured if you came back out again, you’d see us, so we ran past the library so Kane didn’t run into us on his way out,” Lily explained. Then she added reproachfully, “We thought he was going to do you in or something, but it looked like you were going with him by choice!” 
“I was,” said Peter.
“You – huh?” Cole said, now really confused. “No, listen, it doesn’t matter. Pete, the penumbra have your dad!”
“I know that, why do you think I came down here with him?” Peter exclaimed impatiently.
Cole and Lily exchanged a look. “I think I missed something here,” Lily said. “This is all Kane’s fault, isn’t it? You trusted him enough to follow him without telling anybody where you were going?”
“I had to, because he’s the only one who was willing to show me this!” Peter pointed at the book. 
They both paused, for the first time appreciating their strange surroundings. 
“What is it?” said Cole cautiously. 
“It’s the prophecies, or some of them at least,” Peter said. “Isdemus said Kane found bits and pieces of them, because he found this place…”
“So you think if you can prove you’re not the Child of the Prophecy, the penumbra will let your dad go,” finished Cole.
Peter nodded. “Yes!”
“There’s only one problem, mate,” Cole said. “You are.”
“We don’t know that! Eustace said it could be one of three people!” said Peter heatedly. “For all we know, Kane’s right – it is him! If we can prove that, we can… I don’t know, find one of the penumbra and make a deal! Then they’ll let him go and we can leave here and everything will go back to normal!”
“So what if we find out it is Kane?” said Lily. “You’re just going to turn him over to the penumbra somehow in exchange for your dad?” 
“Of course not,” said Peter, chagrined. The truth was, he hadn’t actually thought about that, but now that she mentioned it, the idea didn’t sound half bad. 
Despite his words, Lily read the look on his face and suppressed a tiny smile. “Well,” she said, “what are we waiting for?” 
Peter put the volume on the floor and Cole and Lily crowded around either side of him. This is it, he thought. With a deep breath, Peter opened it. 
All of them stared for a moment, not quite believing their eyes. Peter flipped through the pages, one after the other, thinking that he must be missing something. Or maybe this was just the introduction. Or just the first several chapters…
“It’s – not English!” Peter said finally. He didn’t even recognize the characters. They looked like some form of hieroglyphics. 
“Peter,” said Lily suddenly. “Do you think it’s written in the Ancient Tongue?” 
“How should I know?” he snapped in frustration. He knew she had to be right, though. 
“Well, it’s not my fault he gave you a book you can’t read!” she shot back.
Cole shook his head. “No, you said Kane could read it, so there has to be a way,” he murmured. 
“Kane probably learned the Ancient Tongue in school!” Peter nearly shouted. “He knew I wouldn’t be able to read it!”
Cole ignored him, still inspecting the book intently. “Maybe there’s a key or something…” He began to rifle through the pages, pawing through them carelessly. Then, without meaning to, he planted one hand in the middle of a page towards the end as he searched for an index. 
Seconds later, Cole’s body slumped forward, lifeless.
Lily screamed.
“Cole!” Peter cried, rushing to his side and shaking his friend frantically.
“I told you, I told you!” Lily cried. “That book is poisoned! Kane brought you here to kill you!”
“Shh! Wait!” Peter shouted over her, “He’s still breathing!” He pulled Cole off the book and laid him on his back. The second his hand broke free of the volume, he spluttered back to life again. 
“Cole!” cried Lily and Peter at once in relief.
Cole blinked several times, trying to reorient himself to the room, and then, impossibly, an enormous grin spread over his face. “You guys have got to try that!”
Peter stared at him incredulously. “You looked like you were dead!”
“No, no!” he said excitedly. “Remember what Kane said earlier about that bloke at Paladin High who can merge minds? I don’t know what they did to that book, but I think it must be something like that!”
“You merged with the book?” said Lily blankly. “But it doesn’t have a mind.”
“Well, not with the parchment, with what’s written on it, I’m sure! I was in a tent, and it was dark, and I was sitting at a chair with a candle burning, and there was narration.”
“You heard the narration?” said Peter, confused. “Like, a voice just…”
“Not out loud,” Cole cut him off, shaking his head. “Not really in my head either… I just sort of knew what it would be. It was like they were my own thoughts, like I was reflecting on how I’d gotten there, except I wasn’t me, I was King Arthur! …I don’t know how to explain it; you just have to see for yourselves. Nothing happened yet – you pulled me out too soon.” He looked up at them eagerly. “You must’ve been right, Lily, it has to be written in the Ancient Tongue. Ordinary books can’t do that! Come on, let’s go back!” 
Peter looked at Lily cautiously and said, “Well, seems to be the only way.” The book was still open to the page that Cole had held open with his hand. “Think we should go back to the same place or start at the beginning?”
“Well, I guess we know that page is …reasonably safe,” said Lily doubtfully. “You guys go ahead, then.”
“You guys?” Peter repeated. “You’re not coming?”
“Well, somebody has to stay here to pry you off, apparently!”
 “How will you know when to do it?” Peter asked.
“When I get nervous you’ll never wake up again,” she said dryly.
“That seems reasonable,” said Cole. “Come on, Pete! On three!”
“Wait, do you think both of us can merge with it at the same time?” Peter asked.
“Don’t know, but we’re about to find out!” said Cole. And then together, they counted, “One, two –”
“Three!”
Chapter 17

The Year 470 AD
King Arthur was alone in his tent on the eve of a battle that he could not prevent; a battle that he knew would tear his kingdom apart. A single taper burned the last bit of wax into a puddle on the small wooden table, and he sat with his head in his hands, wondering how on earth things had gone so badly wrong.
He had betrayed everyone he had ever cared about: Cecily, Lancelot, Merlyn, his Knights, and his entire kingdom. His own son Mordred camped on the other side of Salisbury Plain this very night, preparing his troops to slaughter Arthur and his remaining Knights of the Round Table in the morning. Mordred was barely old enough even to fight in a war, but somehow the sullen little boy who had left Camelot five years ago to live with his Aunt Morgan in Cornwall had been transformed into an unrecognizable commander who spoke as if he had incalculably vast military experience. He looked at his father now as a stranger. And his eyes… Arthur could not shake the memory of their hollow gaze. Mordred had been born with eyes so pale they were almost translucent, but when he returned to Camelot to wage war, they had become obsidian.
Soulless, Arthur thought. There was no other word for them. 
“Burning the midnight oil?” said a voice from the tent entrance. 
Arthur turned at the voice of his old friend. Merlyn ducked so that his gray head would clear the top of the tent and slipped inside. The illumination from the single taper cast his face almost entirely in shadow, but Arthur would have known that form anywhere. Merlyn stood for a moment, appraising Arthur sadly. 
It had been five years since they had last seen one another. Merlyn left with Queen Cecily when Arthur announced his intention to divorce her, his wife of ten years, and marry the beautiful Princess Guinevere of mysterious birth and origins, after knowing her for less than a week. 
The years had not been kind to Arthur. His hair, once the color of sand, was now mostly gray, and his boyish face was lined with cares so great that at thirty-six, he looked like an old man. 
“Merlyn,” Arthur said in greeting, but his tone was weary. He lacked the strength to sustain any further emotion at the reunion.
“I have news from the Continent, my old friend,” said Merlyn, inviting himself to sit down on the king’s bed. 
Arthur looked away. “Can any news matter now?”
“I believe you will find that it can,” said Merlyn. “Cecily and I have been in Rome.”
Arthur looked up sharply. “Cess? Is she with you?” he demanded, and winced at his own use of her nickname. He no longer felt he had the right to use it. “Did she get my courier? Does she know of my contrition? That I love her?” He choked on the last words.
“All in good time,” said Merlyn, holding up a hand. “For now we must speak of other things. When you were a boy, I told you of the existence of the penumbra, the invisible creatures that sought to rule the world by attaching themselves to individual men in an attempt to control them. Do you remember?”
Arthur sank back into apathy. “Yes,” he affirmed, slumping forward.
“I told you the penumbra were chimerical, and could change their appearances to suit their purposes at the time.”
Arthur closed his eyes. “Yes.”
“Arthur,” Merlyn said so sharply that Arthur opened his eyes again. “I have known you all your life. I know what things you are capable of and what things you are not. I have known Lancelot since he entered your court at eighteen years of age. I know each of your strengths and weaknesses, your desires and dreams, and most significantly, the depth of your friendship and commitment to one another.”
“We are not friends now,” Arthur said, his voice flat. “He may refuse to fight against me tomorrow, but he will never forgive me for marrying Guinevere. He loved her. I knew it, and I married her anyway. I divorced my wife, my best friend, my Cess –” his voice broke, and he finished in a whisper, “I betrayed her and I betrayed Lance, and I married Guinevere anyway. Whatever happens to me on the battlefield tomorrow, at the hands of my own son… I deserve it.”
“Arthur, listen to me!” Merlyn demanded. “You are a good man. Your desire has always been to defend the weak and to create a society built on equality and brotherly love. You gave up the wealth, prestige, and glory that you might have had in order to become a king that serves the people. A man like that does not throw it all away over a beautiful woman! Cecily and I were so certain of that, that we spent the last five years unraveling the mystery of who Guinevere is and what she is after. Do you know what we discovered? She is not human, Arthur. She is one of them. She is one of the penumbra.”
Arthur blinked at him for a moment. He had not thought he still had the capacity to be surprised, but he was. “I do not understand.”
“There is not enough time left to explain how it’s possible,” said Merlyn impatiently. “The point is that she bewitched both you and Lancelot. You were not yourselves.”
“I do not understand,” Arthur said again, though he was sitting up now. “Why would she –”
“Because she was sent here. You would have been suspicious of her ambiguous origins too, if you had been even halfway in your right mind. She was sent from the Continent by the evil champion of the penumbra, a spirit creature who calls himself the Shadow Lord. For many thousands of years, the Shadow Lord has sought to rule the world of men, and has very nearly succeeded, controlling several of the largest kingdoms ever to exist. Up until very recently he sat on the throne in Rome, but he abandoned the body of Caesar Romulus Augustus, and the Empire has collapsed, overrun with warring Germanic tribes as we speak.”
Arthur’s head spun, trying to get a grip on what Merlyn was saying. He seized upon the only part that made sense to him. “What have I to do with Rome?”
“Nothing with Rome specifically, but with the Shadow Lord himself you are inextricably linked,” said Merlyn. “He wants to kill you.”
“Why?” 
“Because of a prophecy,” said Merlyn.
Arthur shook his head. “What prophecy?”
“That was what took us five years to find out,” said Merlyn. “The oracles had all either fled the Empire or gone underground, fearing for their lives. We finally found an oracle on her deathbed, and having nothing further to fear, she told us what she knew. 
“In the earliest age of the earth, when mankind was still mostly nomadic, one man conceived the idea of civilization in order to necessitate a leader. His goal, ultimately, was to rule over his fellow men. His tribe settled in Mesopotamia, and he was the first man ever to fashion for himself the title of king. 
“Not satisfied with royalty for one lifetime only, he desired to rule over his fellow men completely and eternally. So, the penumbra led him to the legendary Philosopher’s Stone, which promised to transform the impure into the pure, or the body into spirit. Believing that this would make him immortal, the king used the Stone. Instead of granting him immortality in human form, however, it transformed him into an immortal, invisible spirit being, exactly like the penumbra except in one very important respect: having been born a man, the Shadow Lord, as he had now become, was capable of inhabiting the bodies of humans. 
“Since then, the Shadow Lord has been the ruling power behind the empires of Babylon, Macedonia, Persia, and Rome, occupying the bodies of each of the conquering warlords and most recently those of the Caesars. 
“During the latter years of the Roman Empire, however, he began to hear whispers of an unnamed threat against his power, and rumors that a king would arise and cast him out of the world of men, barring his return with a sword that is not of this world. At first he responded by either banishing or killing all of the oracles in order to silence their prophecies. When still the whispers grew louder, in fear he began to destroy leaders of his own Empire, trying to keep his adversary from being born. He abandoned the body of Caesar Julius Nepos and incited the Huns to sweep across Europe, displacing the Visigoths who in turn began to decimate the Empire. However, when he returned again to his throne, to the body of Caesar Romulus Augustus, he discovered that it had all been in vain. Through rumors he learned that the adversary king was foreign born. You had already grown into manhood and taken the throne here in Britain, the last place he ever thought to look. He sent the penumbra ahead of him as spies, in order to seduce you to your destruction. One of those spies was Guinevere.”
Arthur looked very pale. “Did the oracle tell you the rest of the prophecy?” 
“Yes,” said Merlyn somberly. “It appears that to date, the Shadow Lord has only managed to learn this much: 
“Out of Northumbria there rises a king,
Born of a union that rent the nation. 
His sword, Excalibur, was forged in Avalon
Whose blade can sever body from spirit.
He shall take it up from the stone,
And cast it away into the depths,
Bearing with it the spirit of the Shadow Lord.
For seven ages and eight, it shall pass out of all knowledge.”
“There is more, however,” Merlyn said. “The rest, the part that the oracles managed to keep from him, goes like this:
“In the days of the Child of the Prophecy, 
The Shadow Lord shall rise once more.
The child shall come from the line of the King, 
The firstborn of his surviving heir,
Born in the seventh seven less eleven, 
Under the sign of the Taijitu.
Nearest kin shall be locked in mortal combat.
Both shall fall
Yet the one who holds the blade that was broken
Shall emerge victorious.”
Arthur stared at him. He had no words.
“The Shadow Lord wants to kill you,” said Merlyn, “before the prophecy can be fulfilled.”
“‘Nearest kin shall be locked in mortal combat,’” Arthur whispered. “‘Both shall fall.’” He looked up at Merlyn and said, pleadingly, “That means I will kill my own son. Doesn’t it?”
“The Shadow Lord can only occupy one body at a time. I told you that he had abandoned the body of Caesar Romulus Augustus,” said Merlyn quietly. “Can you guess where he has gone?”
Arthur’s eyes widened, and then he squeezed them shut, as if hoping to shut out the harsh reality of Merlyn’s words. Yet when he closed his eyes, all he could see was Mordred’s pale face with those obsidian, soulless eyes. “No.”
“I have never been very good at lying,” said Merlyn. “I will not pretend that it is not too late to save Camelot, or even to save you. Yet all is not lost, as long as a Child of the King is born.”
“Mordred is my only son,” Arthur said in despair.
“So far,” said Merlyn cryptically. Then he said, as if he were changing the subject, “Ever since we confirmed that you were, in fact, bewitched, and received your courier begging forgiveness and demonstrating that you were yourself again, we have been trying to return to Camelot. You can’t imagine the obstacles we’ve encountered, but it seems that we have arrived in time, after all. There is someone who has been exceedingly anxious to see you again.”
Behind Merlyn, the curtain parted to admit a girl he had seen every night in his dreams for the last five years. She, too, looked the worse for wear, but although her chestnut curls were streaked with gray and her face bore the consequences of many nights of silent tears, her eyes were still as girlish and bright as they had been when they were both twelve years old, best friends and servants together in the house of Sir Ector, Arthur’s adopted father.
“Cecily!” Arthur cried, and stood up at once, a spark of life returning for the first time in longer than he could remember.
Merlyn stood too. “I take my leave of you now. Goodbye, my dear son,” he said, choking on the words. Arthur had eyes only for Cecily, though, and Merlyn ducked out of the tent into the night. 

The scene changed suddenly, as if hours had passed. When the first orange rays of sunrise streaked through the eastern edge of the king’s tent, Cecily was gone. Arthur had known she must go, no matter how vehemently she had sworn in the night that she would never again leave his side. Merlyn would not allow her to stay. He would have known that she could not stand idly by and watch her husband face her son on the battlefield. She would have died trying to prevent it. He closed his eyes and imagined Cecily biting, kicking and scratching Merlyn as he forcibly carried her off, and he blessed his old friend for protecting her from this last and most awful fate.
Far in the distance, brightly colored pennons and pennoncells decked the perimeter of Salisbury Plain. The entire kingdom had turned out, it seemed, to herald the collapse of the great city of Camelot. 
Mordred, of course, would not enter the field until the last of the fourteen regiments of his army. Arthur’s army consisted of only five regiments, and he would ride with the last. He had always considered this to be cowardly, and felt that the king should be the first into battle, but the Knights of the Round Table had insisted it was their duty to preserve the life of the king at all costs. “We are expendable,” they cried. “You are worth ten thousand of us!”
But today, Arthur knew, it would not matter. 
He heard Merlyn’s voice echoing in his ears: “‘Nearest kin shall be locked in mortal combat. Both shall fall.’” Instinctively his hand fluttered to the hilt of Excalibur at his side: two burnished dragons in gold, the Pendragon crest in three dimensions, with the handle fitted perfectly to the shape of his hand. 
This sword was with me the day I became the King of Britain, he thought, and it will be with me now, at the end. 
The sun reflected off shields and swords, and armor flashed on the battlefield in a cacophony so overwhelming Arthur could scarcely tell whether they were winning or losing, though in his heart he knew the answer. He knew bodies littered the field; in his imagination, he could see eyes he had known in laughter staring blankly at the morning sky. A trickle of blood flowed down the hill where the fifth regiment waited and stained his boots with crimson that quickly dried to the color of rust. 
He looked around at the knights in his regiment: a hundred and twenty seven of them, he counted. The hundred and twenty eighth, Sir Lancelot DuLac, was conspicuously absent. Had he been there, even outnumbered as they were, they might have stood a chance. 
But now, it was time to die. 
“Men,” he said, managing to find his voice, “it has been an honor to serve and to fight beside you. I am proud to have had the privilege to be your king.”
A knight named Girflet looked at him aghast. “Do not bid us farewell so prematurely!” he cried. “Long live the King!” 
The rest of them, all hundred and twenty seven, echoed as one, “Long live the King!” 
They mounted their horses and charged forward into the battle, crushing underfoot those of the previous four regiments who had fallen. King Arthur led the charge, but when he finally saw their opponents clearly, he pulled back on the reigns so hard that his horse reared up on its hind legs with a whinny of protest. The others did the same behind him, when they rounded the hill and saw what he had seen. 
They were not men, these creatures that stood leering on the opposite side of the field. Screams of terror and shock filled the air. It was not hard to see why. 
Some of the creatures were like men but twenty feet tall, clad in armor as thick as Arthur’s thighs. 
There were creatures with skin like yellow paper and hair that hung in curtains, greenish-yellow venom dripping from their fangs. Some of them sat astride scaled, winged creatures that breathed fire, with talons the length of a man’s arm. 
Some looked at first to be bare-chested men astride horses, but on second glance turned out to be the same creature, with the torso of a man and the lower body of a beast. 
There were extremely lithe, red-eyed creatures that moved like cats, loading up their bows with four arrows at a time. 
Winged animals like oversized bats made the army appear to seethe with life, as if it were one single, nightmarish organism.
At their center, astride one of the fire-breathing beasts covered with black scales, was Mordred. He was dressed in ordinary armor, but he removed his helmet so that the last thing his father would see as he died would be his taunting smile and ruthless black eyes. 
“What are those things?” cried Girflet.
“The penumbra,” came Arthur’s strained reply. 
Merlyn was right. Of course, Merlyn is always right. 
He wondered if one of those creatures, perhaps the black dragon, was Guinevere. 
“We will rid the earth of them!” shouted one of the knights behind, and the others echoed with a war cry. Then they surged forward en masse, and the penumbra met them on the field, some with clashes of metal, and others with teeth and talons and fangs. The cries of Arthur’s men as they fell were some of the most unearthly he had ever heard, but he could not spare a second to look. He forgot that he expected to die. He forgot that he was fighting against an army of other worldly creatures assembled by his own son. He forgot everything except the instinct of survival, kill or be killed, until the moment that his horse was struck, slashed through the heart, and he stumbled to his feet only to find himself face to face with Mordred, who was not Mordred. 
“I know who you are,” said Arthur. With Excalibur in his hand, he pulled off his helmet, so that they could look in one another’s eyes. 
Mordred’s contemptuous mouth curled into a mocking smile. “I doubt that.”
“You are not my son,” said Arthur. “You are wearing the body that once belonged to him, but he is already gone, and that is why I will not hesitate to kill you. But before I do, I want to know your name. Your real name.”
The face that was Mordred’s looked pleased with the request. “Gladly,” he said. “As a man, I was Sargon of Mesopotamia. I am now the Shadow Lord of the Penumbra. I have defeated you, Arthur Pendragon. Look into the eyes of your only child and heir – and die!” 
With that, Sargon swung his sword once in the air for show – and that was his fatal mistake. In that split second, Arthur thrust Excalibur between the plates of his armor directly into his chest, even as Sargon’s blade lodged in Arthur’s abdomen. 
Arthur fell to his knees, bending over the body of his son, who had collapsed flat on his back, gasping, and staring up at him. “You did not defeat me,” Arthur croaked, “because the sword I hold is Excalibur.” 
Sargon wheezed as the blood trickled from his mouth. His obsidian eyes flashed with understanding and loathing as he recognized the hilt, the two entwined dragons with the glittering emerald eyes. “One day,” he choked, “I will find and destroy that sword. Then I will return, and there will be no one left to stop me!”
In spite of the hideous pain that racked his body, undulating in waves somewhere between consciousness and oblivion, Arthur began to laugh. Suddenly he understood, with absolute certainty, why Merlyn had returned with Cecily the night before, and why he had whisked her away in the morning while she was still asleep. 
She was carrying the Child of the Prophecy. 
“You are too late!” he said.
Arthur only had enough breath left to whisper these last words, and he collapsed completely beside the body of his son. He turned his head so that he could see the darkness leave Mordred’s eyes. At last they were pale again, almost translucent the way they had been when he was a little boy, staring peacefully up at the late morning sky. 
Then the world went dark.
Chapter 18

Peter blinked. A face hovered over him but it was not in focus. The lights in the room blurred, and he tried to make sense of where he was. 
Suddenly he sat bolt upright and looked at Cole, who also sat up and stared at him in shock and wide-eyed wonder. 
“We just died,” Peter said, to no one in particular.
“As King Arthur!” Cole finished in awe.
“You what?” Lily demanded. Hers was the face that Peter had seen hovering over him in concern. “Tell me everything!” 
So they did. Peter and Cole took turns recounting their experiences inside Arthur’s mind. They not only saw what he saw, but also felt what he felt and thought what he thought. 
“I knew I was still me and not him, but in a vague, shadowy sort of way,” said Cole. “I knew you were there with me too, Pete, but I wasn’t aware of it at the same time.”
“What did you find out about the prophecy?” Lily demanded impatiently. 
“Merlyn told it to us,” said Peter, and he was about to recite it when Cole cut in.
“Yes, and he looks freakishly like Isdemus!”
“I noticed that,” Peter agreed. Then he recited the prophecy to Lily. 
When he finished, she sat back thoughtfully. “‘For seven ages and eight, it shall pass out of all knowledge,’” she murmured. “‘The child shall come from the line of the King, born in the seventh seven less eleven, under the sign of the Taijitu.’ What do you think that last part means?”
“Well, I don’t know what it refers to, but the seven ages and eight explains why the Watchers knew which generation the Child of the Prophecy would come from,” said Peter. 
“How long has it been since Arthur died?” Lily asked.
“Isdemus said about 1500 years,” said Peter, “give or take. The word ‘age’ isn’t all that specific.”
“Well, that’s the problem, isn’t it?” said Lily. “Age can mean anything you want it to mean.”
“The simplest answer is usually the right one, though,” Peter said slowly. “That’s Occam’s Razor.”
“What do you mean by that?” Lily demanded in exasperation.
“Well, we should start with the most obvious interpretation of the word age, which would be a nice round number. I’m assuming that’s what the Watchers did.”
“What number, though?” said Cole.
“It’d be a multiple of ten,” said Peter. “A decade isn’t long enough to be considered an age when we’re talking about history, so a century, I’d think, right? Seven ages and eight would then mean… 1500 years.” He swallowed.
“That would be this generation!” said Lily.
“Or within a few generations of this century,” Peter added, somewhat hopefully. “It could be our generation, or our parents’, or our kids’.”
“So the next question is, who was the last known person in the line of the firstborn?” said Lily. 
“Don’t we already know it’s Pete, though?” Cole asked.
“It can’t be me,” Peter insisted firmly. “If it was me, then there would be no question that I’m the One. Obviously there is a question, or the whole issue of Kane wouldn’t exist. Not to mention whoever this third person is.”
“Didn’t Eustace even say there could be others?” Cole reminded them.
“So you think somehow the Watchers lost track of the line?” Lily asked.
“That has to be the case, doesn’t it?” Peter murmured rhetorically. He was on his feet, scanning the titles of the books at eye level. He felt his mind spinning, urging him to move faster, to think faster. “Kane said the fairy tales were over there, and historical accounts were this entire section,” he recounted out loud. “So where would I find an account of the history of the Watchers themselves?” 
Behind him, the others split up and began to search the shelves nearest them as well. A few minutes later, Cole’s voice called, “Here!” He had disappeared around a bend in the narrow library, but Lily and Peter ran the few paces towards the sound of his voice. 
Cole perched on a ladder with one foot, holding on to the rungs with one arm while he reached precariously with the other to dislodge a book that looked almost as heavy as he was.
“Careful!” Lily cried anxiously, just as Peter shouted, “Cole, get down! I’ll get it!” Given Cole’s abysmal depth perception, he thought, this could not end well.
“No, no, I’ve almost got it –”
Crash. The book toppled to the ground, and although the fall was only about six feet, several of the age-worn pages dislodged and fluttered around it. 
“Sorry!” Cole wailed, “I’m so sorry…”
“Doesn’t matter. I’m not exactly concerned about the Watchers’ property at the moment,” said Peter. “Anyway, better it than you.”
“It’s a family tree!” Lily exclaimed. “Cole, you’re amazing!” 
He grinned bashfully as he stepped off the ladder and brushed off the layer of dust dislodged by the book. 
“Problem is, how to put it back in chronological order,” Peter murmured and frowned at the now-loose pages. 
“Look, Peter,” said Lily, ignoring the pages in Peter’s fist and pointing at the ones still bound at the back of the book. “Unless those fit here, the last known member of the line was named Albert Smith. Who has a surname like Smith?” 
“A quarter of the planet, actually,” said Cole, joining on Peter’s other side.
“Exactly,” said Lily. “I wonder if it was made up to keep him hidden, like John Doe or something.”
“Look!” Peter said suddenly. “The dates when he was born… that was sixty-five years ago. What about the ones you’ve got, Lily?” 
She looked through them quickly and shook her head. “These are all centuries old.”
“Then the last known member of the line, or at least the last one they recorded here, is not even the father, but the grandfather to the person we’re looking for!” Peter exclaimed in frustration, and stood up to pace the room. They were no closer to rescuing his dad now than when they started.
“You don’t recognize the name, then. That’s something, right?” said Lily. “That means that Albert Smith can’t be your grandfather?” 
“I have no idea,” Peter shook his head. “My dad never mentioned his parents or my mum’s at all, and I never asked. It was hard enough getting him to tell me anything about my mum.”
“Well, is there a way to find out if he’s Kane’s grandfather?” said Cole hopefully.
“No.” Peter sighed, and suddenly felt hopeless. “Isdemus said he found Kane in an orphanage.”
“Wait a minute, what’s this?” said Lily, picking up another sheet that she had filed away with those that were centuries old. “These dates are modern too! Why... they’re the same dates...” She frowned, and looked up at them. “I don’t understand. This is a completely different tree.”
Peter peered over her shoulder and frowned. “I wonder if they lost track of the firstborn at some point and started following two lines?”
“Or three?” said Cole. “To account for the third possible candidate?”
“Who’s the last one on that line?” said Peter.
“Catherine Thompson,” said Lily, and frowned. “Huh, that’s odd.”
“Why, what’s the matter?” said Peter. “Does that name mean something to you?”
“Yeah, it’s my grandmother’s name.”
Cole and Peter both looked at her sharply, and Cole’s mouth fell open. “You’re kidding.”
Lily waved her hand flippantly. “It’s a common surname, though, I’m sure it’s nothing.”
“So that means this Child of the Prophecy isn’t necessarily a boy, though,” said Cole. “They’re not just following the oldest son; they’re following the oldest child!”
“Is she still alive?” said Peter. “What’s the date?”
“Looks like this was twenty years ago, but it says here she’s dead. She must be the grandmother of this other person we’re looking for, too. There’s a line here that shows she had a child, but it doesn’t have the name.”
“‘This other person?’” Peter quoted, and balked at her. “Lily! You were in that car too, you know. For all we know, it could be you!”
“It’s not me,” she said flatly.
“Why not?” Peter demanded.
“Because it’s you!” she retorted. Then she stood up and put hands on her hips as if she were lecturing a small child. “You’re the one who can collapse the wave function or whatever it is you said you did. I can’t do that –”
“But I told you that might’ve just been my life flashing before my eyes, and you were muttering something in that car too! Lily, hear me out, this makes sense! Which one of us has been a Seer all her life? Of the two of us, it’s way more likely to be you! Besides, you’re the one who wants to stay here anyway, and you said you know how to fight –”
“Peter –”
 “– so why don’t you just go ahead and save the world, and I can get my dad back and get on with my life –”
“I DON’T WANT TO BE THE CHILD OF THE PROPHECY, ALL RIGHT?” Lily shouted.
He blinked at her for a moment before he retorted, “WELL NOW YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL!”
“GUYS!” Cole shouted, pushing them away from each other with a look of terror on his face. Both of them were red in the face and breathing hard. “There’s still another clue!” he said hopefully, and quoted from memory, “‘Born in the seventh seven less eleven, under the sign of the Taijitu.’ Maybe that will tell us which one of you it is…”
They all sat and stared for a long moment, Peter and Lily refusing to look at each other. Peter looked at the torches for inspiration, at the books, at the ladders. He stood up again and started pacing just to burn off a bit of anxiety. “Seventh seven… well, it can’t mean the same as the ages before that, because we already said that was fifteen hundred years, and if seven and seven were centuries, that would put it at fourteen hundred. I have no idea what less eleven means, though.”
“It could mean the Child of the Prophecy would be born between 1400 and 1500 years!” said Cole hopefully. “That would still mean around now…”
“Yes, but it wouldn’t tell us anything more than what we already know,” said Lily. “I don’t think the prophecy would be redundant like that. Plus that would imply the Child of the Prophecy was born sometime last century, not now.”
Several seconds later, Cole said tentatively, “Well, I know this is probably way too obvious. But Pete, your birthday is July 7th. Of course that still doesn’t explain the eleven bit…”
Peter looked up at him sharply. All the color drained from his face. 
“What?” said Lily anxiously, looking from Peter to Cole. 
“Isdemus’s ring,” Peter moaned. “July 7th. I’m a cancer in astrological signs.” No, he thought. No, no, no.
“Huh?” said both Lily and Cole at once, and Lily said anxiously, “Peter, make sense. So what?”
“The symbol for cancers is the crab. If you look up the older way to draw it, it’s like this.” Peter drew on the floor with his finger the symbol of two upside down nines, facing each other. His heart raced. He hoped one of them could prove him wrong.



“What does that look like to you?”
“Twins?” said Cole hopefully. 
“No, the twin symbol is Gemini,” Lily said, and answered Peter, “It looks like the yin yang symbol, from Taoism. And from Isdemus’s ring. I saw it too.”
Peter nodded, and drew the second symbol beside the first.



“It’s a symbol of hope, signifying darkness merging into light, or the new dawn,” said Peter. “Maybe that’s why Isdemus wears it…”
“It’s also known as the Taijitu!” Cole interrupted. Peter and Lily both looked up at him sharply; he was holding a sheet of parchment from the book that had dislodged as it had fallen to the floor. The parchment bore the second symbol that Peter had drawn, and its name was carefully printed beneath it, in English. 
Peter felt like he’d been punched in the stomach. “That’s not possible!” he persisted doggedly. “The symbol is old enough, but it’s from the completely wrong part of the world. There was virtually no communication between Asia and Britain in Arthur’s day…”
“Not according to this,” Cole interrupted, and read from the page, “‘The Taijitu dates back to the fourth century. It first appeared in the Roman Notitia Dignitatum from the bold insurrectionists against Caesar… the symbol became contraband when Romulus Augustus outlawed soothsaying in order to prevent the prophecy from spreading. The early Watchers adopted the Taijitu as their symbol after Arthur’s death, signifying the coming of the Child of the Prophecy.’”
Peter sank to his knees as the room began to swim. He was afraid he might be sick.
“Wait a second,” said Lily. “What’s the less eleven mean, then?”
“The calendar change,” said Peter bracingly. “In Arthur’s day they were on the Julian calendar. When they switched to the Gregorian calendar in Britain, we lost eleven days. My dad…” he swallowed, “made a point of telling me that, over and over. I just thought he was being… well, Dad. I stopped trying to figure out why he said things like that a long time ago.”
“So Isdemus wears the Taijitu because it’s the symbol of the Child of the Prophecy,” said Cole softly. “The firstborn, 1500 years after Arthur’s death, born on July 7th under the sign of the cancer… Pete. It is you.” 
“Guys,” said Lily, who looked nearly as ill as Peter. “I have to tell you something.”
Peter looked up at her, with barely a flicker of hope. 
“My birthday. It’s July 7th too.”

***

Henry walked very purposely down the hall with his arm slung around the shoulders of his older son. His wife walked at his side apprehensively but said nothing. They were headed towards the front exit, although privately Brock wondered if they really intended to walk all the way through Carlion, and then through the Enchanted Forest, in the middle of the night. Also, Isdemus said his car had been returned to his home, so even if they got to the other side, they would have no transportation. Plus, they had absolutely no idea where Carlion was in relation to Norwich. His dad was in a mood, though, so Brock didn’t point out any of this. 
“Excuse me,” said a stiff voice behind them. Brock turned to see the lithe, glowing elf who had come to find them in the Enchanted Forest earlier that day. He was dressed in a soft greenish gray like no sort of cloth Brock had ever seen before. “I was told to follow you and take you down to the Commuter Station.”
“Finally! Something normal around here,” said Henry irritably, but with obvious relief. Evidently he had been thinking along the same lines as his son. “You have an Underground, then?”
“No,” said the nimbus, looking rather amused. “We have a Commuter Station. Don’t tell him what it is,” he added to Brock, with a twinkle in his eye. “I’d like to see him try to explain this one away.”
They descended the stairs in almost total silence, except for the sounds of their footsteps. Henry’s silence was swift and brusque, as if talking could only slow them down. Brock’s silence was ill at ease. He had been anxious to leave and disgusted with the whole place until his father had shown up, which had been precisely what he had wanted. Now that he was here, though, Brock felt the same sense of expectation he always felt around his dad, though he could never put his finger on exactly what was expected of him. Mrs. Jefferson was silent because she was worried: worried about Cole, worried about Peter, worried about Peter’s dad, and worried about how she would ever find Carlion again once they left, because of course she had to find it again. 
“This is the Commuter Station,” said the nimbus when they arrived.
Henry stared for a moment. “It’s a hallway of lousy photographs.”
“Is he always this pleasant?” said the nimbus to Brock, but the question was obviously rhetorical. Then he led the way to the photograph of a gnarled old tree and gestured at it. “This one will take you to the edge of the forest. Walk twenty paces directly in front of where you land and you’ll find yourselves at a bus station. The buses still run through the night, I believe, but you may have to wait up to an hour. Do you have money for the fare?”
“Of course we have money,” said Henry haughtily. 
“Fine. Just walk straight at the photo until you feel it start to pull you forward.”
Henry stared at him incredulously. “Then what?”
“Then it won’t matter what you do, because you’re going in whether you like it or not.”
“What?” Henry snapped. “Don’t be absurd!”
“I’ll go first,” Brock muttered. Under ordinary circumstances, he would not have dared to contradict his father, but they had to get home somehow. 
Henry scowled disapprovingly at his son, but did not protest. Brock stepped forward, and Henry regarded him with an expression of condescension… until Brock vanished into thin air. Mrs. Jefferson let out a small yelp and clamped both hands over her mouth.
“Where – where did he go?” Henry stammered. 
“He went to that tree,” repeated the nimbus patiently. “In a few seconds you’ll follow him. Who’s up next?”
Mrs. Jefferson fairly jumped forward before Henry could stop her, and then she disappeared too.
“So, in you go,” said the nimbus, and he got behind Henry, who stood frozen in shock. The nimbus put both hands on either side of his back, shoving him forward. Instinctively Henry dug his heels in. “I haven’t got all day,” the nimbus said in exasperation, and with a mighty heave, Henry stumbled towards the image of the Grandfather Tree. 
All at once, it was as if he had crossed a threshold, and a thousand invisible hands grabbed him from all around and even from inside. Something compelled him forward, and no amount of struggling would subdue the inexorable force – 
Green and black surrounded him. Henry blinked and took a moment to orient himself. The moonlight filtered through the canopy of trees, and behind him was the living image of the photo he had last seen inside the castle. He looked as ill-composed as Brock or Mrs. Jefferson had ever seen him. 
“Well,” he said finally, because someone had to say something. “Well,” he said again. He brushed his suit off unnecessarily, and said in a tone of fierce confidence, “I suppose we go that way.”
“Right,” said Brock, exchanging a look with his mother. Her lower lip trembled just a bit but she said nothing. They walked. 
“I suppose we have no choice but to take the bus,” said Henry disdainfully. Brock and Mrs. Jefferson both nodded mutely. 
They waited in silence for fifteen minutes before the bus arrived, the only sound the rustle of the leaves above and the occasional impatient blustering noises from Henry, who seemed to have all but forgotten what had transpired moments before. Henry paid for the three bus fares without making eye contact with the driver. They didn’t speak again until about ten minutes into the ride, when Henry said, “I’ll be headed back to London in the morning. I don’t know if I’ll be home this weekend.” When no one commented either way, he added to Brock, “If we get home soon enough you can get to bed and still make football practice tomorrow morning.”
Brock nodded and closed his eyes. They stung but he didn’t know why. Perhaps they had just been open for too long. He’d slept enough the night before and the evening was still relatively young, but he felt that he could sleep for days, and days, and days… and maybe that still wouldn’t be enough to erase all that had happened. He wasn’t sure if he was anxious to get home or anxious to leave Carlion behind or just anxious in general. He opened his eyes again and looked around the bus, not really paying attention until it struck him that something was not right. Of course, many things would seem that way after the trauma of the last few days… ordinary life was bound to seem strange to him for a while. Was that all it was? 
He kept looking around, trying to put his finger on the problem. The bus was purple and teal like a bad 80s movie. Apparently, the buses aren’t on strike anymore, he thought, but that wasn’t it. He rarely rode buses, but it wasn’t completely unheard of so that wasn’t the problem either. There weren’t many passengers, just a few here and there, sitting two to a seat, but some were two to one seat, which was odd since there was plenty of space, and –
Oh.
Brock felt like his stomach had dropped out beneath him. The second person next to each passenger was not a person at all. It was a creature. They all had a penumbra, just like Lily had said. The creatures were transparent this time, but he could still see every one of them. The driver had something like a purple squid attached to the back of his head. Why hadn’t that seemed strange before? Its tentacles oozed some sort of transparent liquid and roved about his body, in and out of his ears. Brock shuddered and looked away, to a young gothic-looking teenager with a hag sitting beside her. Its lidless eyes stared back at Brock with disturbing curiosity; it knew he could see it. He averted his gaze as fast as he could, but made the mistake of looking at his dad instead. 
Apparently, his dad’s penumbra had tracked him down again very quickly, considering she had to have disappeared while he was in Carlion. She was an outrageously beautiful blonde, whose features in some small way resembled those of his mother in her younger and thinner days. She only had a torso, though, or at least that was all Brock could see of her. The rest was so entangled in his father that he couldn’t tell where his father ended and the specter began…
Instinctively he looked over at his mum. Her eyes bulged and her face was red, but her lips were as tight and thin as Brock had ever seen them. She was staring, not at her husband directly, but at the creature wrapped around him. Brock wasn’t sure what to make of the expression: was it jealousy, or fear, or loathing?
He leaned towards her and whispered to her in a voice little louder than a breath, “You can see it, can’t you?” 
Mrs. Jefferson nodded almost as imperceptibly. 
Then something very strange happened. The gothic teenager’s hag moved away from her, and came so close to Brock that he scooted back and flattened against the seat, trying not to look as alarmed as he felt.
“What’s the matter with you?” his father demanded. 
“I –” Brock looked into the lidless eyes of the hag, and then he looked desperately to his mum for help.
“These seats aren’t very comfortable, are they, sweetie?” Mrs. Jefferson said immediately, with just the right amount of maternal concern. Brock felt a rush of gratitude.
“No,” he agreed, and explained to his dad. “My back hurts, that’s all.”
Apparently satisfied, the hag moved away from Brock’s face, but his relief was short-lived. Next it moved to his dad… but no, after a second he realized it wasn’t interested in Henry at all. It was talking to the beautiful blonde torso hanging on his father. She moved her head away from Henry’s far enough to listen to what the hag was saying to her, its creepy gaze never leaving Brock’s face. The blonde’s eyes grew wide and then narrowed at Brock, assessing him. He felt his stomach turn over. 
“This is probably our stop,” Brock said quickly, and stood up. It was about a block from their house, and even if there was another stop that was closer, he didn’t mind walking. He wanted to get away from the nasty hag as quickly as possible.
His parents stood and followed him off the bus without a word, and they walked in silence, in the dark. Brock shivered against the night air, but he wasn’t sure if that was because of the chill or the gaze of the evil blonde on his back. He turned around involuntarily, and gasped before he could stop himself. 
She was gone.
“What’s your problem?” Henry scowled at him again, and added disapprovingly, “You’re acting very strangely tonight.” Then when they approached the front walkway, Henry pulled his house key from his pocket and plunged it into the lock as he turned the knob. 
Maybe she just isn’t there all the time, Brock reasoned. He knew Lily had said that unless a person was a Seer, his penumbra would hang around constantly. Still, Brock’s creature (he shuddered involuntarily at the thought) and his mum’s creature had not yet come back to discover that they had both become Seers. Maybe the blonde had gone to tell them. Yes, that will be it. 
They entered the foyer, and suddenly Henry turned around very purposely, just before they reached the stairs. His large form blocked both his wife and son from ascending to bed. He looked very serious. “We will not be discussing the events of this evening again,” he said. “Not tonight, and not ever.”
Mrs. Jefferson let out a tiny whimper that sounded involuntary. “But – Cole –”
“Cole made his choice. If he chooses to return, fine. If he does not, we will tell the school that he has gone to stay with his cousin in West Wessex, and we will not speak of him in this house again. Is that clear?”
Mrs. Jefferson let out another involuntary sob, and then covered her face in her hands and pushed past her husband, running up to their bedroom. It was the first time Brock had ever seen her fail to comply fully with an outright demand from her husband. 
Mr. Jefferson sighed. “Get to bed,” he said to Brock. “I’ll see you next weekend for your game. Maybe.” Without waiting for a reply, he turned and trudged up the stairs after his wife. 
Brock stood alone in the foyer. The one thing of which he was absolutely certain was that there was no way he’d be sleeping tonight. He paced for a few minutes, and then sat down on one of the buttery leather sofas in the living room. He sank his head in his hands. He stood up again, and paced some more. He went to the kitchen, poured a bowl of cereal, and ate without tasting it. He paced again. He wasn’t really thinking about anything, but he had the uncomfortable sense that he was trying very hard not to think about something at the same time. He felt precarious. He had come back to this life of fragile normalcy that could be shattered in an instant if he let himself think all those thoughts that churned somewhere just beneath the relative calm of his consciousness. If he let himself think those thoughts, it might lead to conclusions, like everything I thought I knew is wrong, or like I shouldn’t have left Carlion, or what if something really did happen to Peter’s dad? If the penumbra were real (and they obviously were), then what else might be real also? Might there actually be a Shadow Lord who was their leader? Might there actually be a Child of the Prophecy appointed to fight and defeat him? Was it possible that Peter really did stop that accident from happening? Was it possible that Brock owed Peter his life? 
That idea was intolerable. If it were true, then not only did Brock fail to acknowledge his debt, but he left when Peter needed his help. 
He was sitting now, on a wooden-backed chair in the kitchen upholstered in plush tan velvet. Maybe I’m going crazy, he thought. After all, it had only been a few days since the accident, and the onslaught of creatures that had attacked them afterwards. He couldn’t explain two thirds of what he had seen in Carlion – he had only maintained some vague sense of normalcy while he was there with a persistent layer of denial. It was not that he actually denied what he saw, but he simply refused to acknowledge it. He was treading water until he could get home to the world he knew, the world where he was comfortable, the world where he was a star everywhere except in the presence of his dad. 
Now he was home, though, and he wasn’t comfortable. He wasn’t comfortable at all. Something was very wrong, and pretty soon, if he stopped pacing for long enough, he was going to have to deal with it.
Abruptly, Brock stood up. The neighborhood was asleep, and he found that he could not stand his own kitchen, his own living room, or his own house for another instant. He had to get outside. Perhaps the fresh night air might make sense of the chaotic noise in his brain. 
He clicked the door closed behind him as quietly as possible and walked aimlessly, though he realized after several steps that he was headed towards the park. He took several steps more and halted. 
“Hello,” cooed the ravishing blonde creature that blocked his path. “Miss me?” 
Brock felt a cold shiver of fear run down his spine. He took a step back. 
“I wouldn’t do that,” said a voice directly behind his ear. He had never heard the voice before, and yet, he recognized it. It sounded like the voice of his own thoughts. He turned abruptly and came face to face with the flame-haired siren who had been his constant companion until the accident. This time, though, she was solid.
He needed to stall, but his mouth was so dry. He managed to croak hoarsely, “You’re mine, aren’t you?” 
“Or you’re mine. It depends on how you look at it, really,” said the siren in a voice like tinkling crystal, and she laughed. The laugh was mesmerizing and it drew Brock irresistibly and made him want to run away at the same time. 
“No point in running,” said the blonde, reading his body language if not his thoughts. “You won’t get very far. We have backup.” She snapped her fingers, and at least a dozen other creatures stepped out of the shadows just near enough that Brock could see that they were there, they were vaguely humanoid at best, and they were menacing in the extreme. 
“What do you want with me?” he demanded, his voice escalating with panic. “Peter and I aren’t even friends! If you’re trying to get to him, he won’t care if you take me! He’s not going to try and save me! I won’t do you any good!” 
“Well,” said the flame-haired siren, as if she were really considering his words, “that’s true. You’re definitely not friends. Based on the way you’ve always treated him, it would really serve you right if he let you die.”
“That’s right!” said Brock frantically. “It would serve me right! You’d be no closer to getting Peter, either!” He tried to back away but there was nowhere to go. In fact, the creatures seemed to be moving in on him. He couldn’t actually see their feet move, but the circle seemed to grow tighter all the time.
“Yes,” mused the flame-haired siren again, “Peter might not give his life to save you, if you were the only consideration. However, your brother is his best friend. And Peter would do anything for him.”
“You already have his dad, don’t you?” cried Brock desperately. “What do you need me for?”
“Insurance,” she replied lazily. 
Before he could scream, a solid hand clamped over Brock’s mouth; it was cold as ice. At the same moment, another several sets of hands reached forward to grab him from all sides. 
And then, the familiar neighborhood began to dissolve before his very eyes.
Chapter 19

“So now what?” said Cole finally, hardly daring to move, but staring wide-eyed at Peter and Lily, who sat rigidly apart from one another on the floor of the secret library.
“We have to figure out which of us it is,” said Lily. Her face was ashen and she refused to look at Peter. 
“How?” said Cole. “I mean, technically it could still be Kane too, couldn’t it? He might be the third one. Or there could be someone else the Watchers lost track of!”
Peter closed his eyes and tried to think. Finally he found voice enough to say, “It doesn’t matter right now if it’s me or you, Lily, or Kane or anybody else. The penumbra still believe it’s me, so they’re not going to let my dad go.” 
“Peter, the whole reason you wanted to see the prophecy was to prove it wasn’t you so they’d let him go, remember? And... and I mean, you have just introduced reasonable doubt, haven’t you?” Her voice trembled.
“I’m not gonna just give you to them in his place,” Peter said flatly. “I’ll just have to... try and find him myself.”
“Yes, but how?” said Lily.
“Wait a minute!” Peter leapt to his feet, remembering the book Kane had handed to him right before he’d left. 
“The Life and Times of Morgan le Fay?” said Cole doubtfully, reading the cover. “Wasn’t that Arthur’s evil half-sister? What does she have to do with anything?”
“I don’t know,” said Peter, “but when Kane left he told me to try this one next, once I was done reading the prophecy.”
“So you think he knew this would happen?” said Cole, confused. “You think he knew what we’d find out?” 
“He can’t have,” Lily insisted. “Maybe he didn’t know the whole prophecy. Or maybe he didn’t know what it meant!”
“I don’t know what Kane thought,” said Peter, suddenly very tired. “It doesn’t matter now, though. All I know is that I have to find my dad, and I don’t have any other leads.”
Cole shook his head. “Wouldn’t you think that if somebody has your dad, it’d be Sarg–?” 
“Shut up!” Peter shouted, lunging at him and clamping a hand over his mouth.
Lily stared at Peter in alarm. “What’s the matter?” 
“You can’t say his name,” Peter hissed, his heart still pounding with adrenaline. 
“Why not?” Cole said, shaking him off.
“Because, remember what… that nimbus this morning said about names here?”
Cole’s face went slack. “Oh,” he said. “They act as a summons. Right.” He looked abashed, and then tried to change the subject hurriedly back to his original point. “All I’m saying is, I thought Morgan le Fay wasn’t even a big character in the Legends? Why her?”
“She wasn’t big, but she was important,” said Peter. “Without her hatred of Arthur as an influence, Mordred might not have been willing to give up his body to the Shadow Lord when the time came.”
“You also said that she was obsessed with finding some object that would give her power over all the elements, not just water,” Lily reminded him. “Do you think she found it?” 
Peter sighed, frustrated. “Probably, I guess, but I don’t know why we care.” He sat down with the second heavy volume and opened the cover. “Would have been nice if Kane had given us some clue what we were supposed to be looking for.”
“Wouldn’t an object like that make a good bargaining chip?” said Cole, eager to redeem himself. “If the Shadow Lord doesn’t already have it, don’t you think he’d be willing to give us your dad in exchange?”
“Oh, brilliant, Cole, you want to give the evil Lord who wants to rule the world a weapon of absolute power?” said Lily.
“Well, I’m thinking here!” he said defensively. 
“No, it’s not a bad idea,” said Peter, and Lily gaped at him in disbelief. “I’m not saying we’d give it to him outright,” Peter explained quickly, “but maybe there’s a way we could make him think we were going to.”
“We don’t even know what we’re talking about yet!” Lily pointed out. 
In response, Peter turned his attention back to the open book in front of him and thumbed the edges of the first few pages.
“Careful,” Lily warned him. “Don’t touch them.”
“What are these?” Cole said, leaning over Peter and pointing at the page over his shoulder. “These symbols here look different from the ones in the book of prophecy.” The page he was pointing to had only four symbols on it and the rest was blank, as if it were a title page of sorts. 
Peter stared at them for a moment and frowned. “Wait a minute,” he said slowly. “I recognize these! My dad has them on the wall of his study…”
“Did he tell you what they were?” said Lily eagerly. 
“Yes,” said Peter slowly, thinking hard. “He said they had to do with alchemy. Wait, give me a second…” His finger traced a line indicating the three symbols oriented horizontally, without actually touching the ink on the page.

   

“These are the Tria Prima,” he said, “the Three Primes of Paracelsus.” He pointed to the first one and said, “Sulfur represents the omnipresent spirit of life. Mercury is the fluid connection between the High and the Low, and salt represents base matter.”
“What about this one?” Cole pointed to the fourth symbol at the bottom of the page.



Peter thought for a moment. “The word punctum is coming to me for some reason,” he said, closing his eyes. “I know I’ve seen it before…”
“Oh!” said Lily. “You mean like the sun god Ra from Egypt?” Peter and Cole looked surprised, and she said, “I did a term paper on it last year. That was his symbol. I don’t see how that helps anything, though –”
“No, that makes sense,” said Peter. “This must be the symbol for the sun, then… which in alchemical philosophy means it’s also the symbol for gold. They’re interchangeable.”
“What do they mean, though?” Cole asked. 
“I don’t know, I’m trying to remember,” Peter murmured. 
“Hold on, look here,” said Lily, pulling another volume off the shelf titled in large gold filagree letters, Alchemy and the Middle Ages. She opened to the introduction. “It says here, ‘The pseudo-science of alchemy began in the Middle Ages. Alchemists believed that one form of matter could transform into another, especially metal into gold. Most of the early alchemists were also mystics. Their famous adage, ‘as above, so below,’ implies that the world we see is merely a reflection of the cosmos.’”
“Hence the Tria Prima?” said Peter. “Sulfur is spirit, salt is the body, and mercury is the connection between them, the mind, I guess?” 
Lily nodded. “I guess so.” Then she kept reading, “They believed that the conversion of metal to gold on a terrestrial level represented transmutation from the impure into the pure, or the body to the spirit, on a cosmic level.” She pursed her lips and began to scan the text with her finger hovering carefully above the page. Then she paraphrased, “It says the problem was, even though the alchemists took it as a given that these processes could occur, they couldn’t actually perform them... and they didn’t know why. So they postulated the existence of some missing ingredient…” 
Peter, who was peering over her shoulder, suddenly pointed excitedly and said, “That’s it, right there! The Philosopher’s Stone – that’s what Morgan le Fay must have found, the object she was obsessed with!”
“The Philosopher’s Stone?” said Cole doubtfully, looking from Peter to Lily as if trying to track with them. “Isn’t that supposed to give eternal life?” 
Peter shook his head uncertainly and squeezed his eyes shut, willing himself to remember the conversations he had had with his dad on this subject, which had seemed so unimportant to him at the time, a bit of scientific philosophy that turned out to be hogwash many centuries earlier. “Dad… said… in the beginning of time, the Philosopher’s Stone was not necessary. He said once, all men knew the Ancient Tongue and could command all the elements, not just the one toward which he was naturally gifted. He said the Ancient Tongue was the Philosopher’s Stone. Just by speaking, all men could transmute matter, until… something happened, I can’t remember what. I think he called it the Great Deception. Then the Ancient Tongue was all but forgotten, and after that, only the person who found the Philosopher’s Stone, and those who aligned themselves with that person, could control all the elements at once, and perform those kinds of conversions of matter from one kind to another, or from salt to sulfur.”
“From body to spirit, you mean,” said Lily, and Peter nodded. 
“Spirits are eternal, though, aren’t they?” said Cole. “So in a sense, the Philosopher’s Stone would give eternal life?” 
“If someone used it on his own body, I suppose so,” said Peter. 
Lily looked at the book, and said with foreboding, “I think we can assume Morgan le Fay found the Stone, then. We’d better find out what she did with it.”
Chapter 20

Peter went back to their first text and hurriedly tore through the pages. The Life and Times of Morgan le Fay also bore the peculiar characters of the Ancient Tongue. 
“Don’t you want to start at the beginning? We don’t know what we’re looking for,” said Lily.
Peter shook his head. “That’ll take too long. If we start at the end, we can back up for more information if we need it.”
Cole nodded eagerly. “Makes sense to me! Let’s go!”
“Hold on,” Lily frowned, looking at Cole. “I think it’s my turn!”
“Wha–?” his mouth hung open in protest. 
“Peter has to go, since it’s his dad we’re looking for. But I think you and I should trade off!”
Cole furrowed his brow and pouted. “Oh, fine. Go on, then.”
Lily looked triumphant for a moment, and then remembered their slumped figures. She became momentarily apprehensive, but then she looked at Peter, whose hand was already poised over the page.
“Ready?” he said, and she nodded, resolute.
“Ready.”
They touched the page at the same time.

The Year 469 AD
Mordred rode in a dark traveling cloak astride a dark pony, which reflected his dark thoughts. The road to Avalon was poorly marked, since almost no one in the village of Cornwall had either courage or reason to venture out to the castle of his Aunt Morgan. The pony’s hooves pounded the peat moss into the dirt and Mordred squeezed its flanks with his knees harder than necessary, forcing the poor brute to go faster. He hardly saw the rolling hills or the trees up ahead. The castle rose before him in the distance, growing larger with each clop of the hooves on the soft, doughy ground. He felt impatient to arrive, impatient to discover that his aunt had returned successfully, with the Stone in hand… impatient for not just absolute power, but for revenge. 
It had been five years since Mordred left Camelot. He had no idea what had become of his mother. His father had not bothered to so much as bid him farewell; he was told that he was “no longer welcome” in his parents’ castle – he, the Crown Prince – and would be required to depart to the care of an aunt whom he had never met in a city he had never seen within less than twenty-four hours. A stoic child, he pursed his lips and said nothing and packed as little as possible on purpose, as if to deliberately revel in the misery of his deprivation, and followed the messenger when bidden without uttering a word of protest or question. 
Mordred had taken a twisted sort of pleasure in the monstrosity of his own situation, because it seemed to confirm what he always wished to believe. He never understood his father, who had the whole world at his feet and yet chose peace over power. He adored Lancelot – or, rather, he admired his prowess on the battlefield – but in spite of this, Lancelot was Arthur’s subordinate, and Mordred found that to be so unjust as to be personally offensive. He never respected his father, and over the years that lack of respect had gradually turned into contempt. His banishment at last gave Mordred a perfectly legitimate reason to hate King Arthur. His exile gave him a kind of fierce pleasure, and for that, he felt he could endure nearly anything. Hatred proved to be a powerful opiate.
Now, after five years of plotting his revenge, at last Mordred saw the means: the Philosopher’s Stone.
As he rode, he was still distracted by the conversation he’d had in a pub in Cornwall. A cruel smile curled his angelic lips as he remembered it.
“Hey,” said the bartender as he polished a glass. He spoke to a toothless old farmer on his left, but loud enough that Mordred could hear. He nodded toward Mordred with his head. “D’you reckon that’s the kid that went to live with Morgan le Fay?” 
Mordred looked up. He almost never ventured into town; usually Aunt Morgan sent Hutchins, their servant, to fetch supplies. Hutchins and Morgan had both been gone a fortnight, though, and finally Mordred became desperate for food. It made sense that his appearance in the town would cause something of a stir. 
“Le Fay?” Mordred asked suspiciously, as if the bartender had addressed him directly. He adored his aunt to the point of obsession, and the way the bartender said her name sounded less than admiring. “What does that mean?” 
The bartender blinked. “Blimey,” he said. “You don’t get out much, do you? Le Fay, the fairie. You know, like the fairies in the Enchanted Forest.”
Mordred’s face visibly relaxed. “Oh. You mean because she’s a sorceress.”
Presently Mordred became aware of the fact that several other men at the bar had stopped talking, and he had the peculiar sensation they were trying to eavesdrop without appearing obvious. 
“So it’s true, then?” said the toothless farmer. “We always suspected she was into the dark arts!” 
“Does she skin cats alive and use their pelts for her magic?” asked another.
“Is it true that she has a basement full of human skulls?” demanded the farmer. 
Mordred’s expression must have taken on a look of horror, because the bartender held up his hands and said, “We mean no offense. But when a woman that lovely spends nearly a decade as a recluse, people gotta have an explanation –”
“Why don’t you tell us the truth, then, boy?” leered the toothless farmer. “Then we won’t have to make up stories!” 
Mordred set down his glass, affronted. “I most certainly will not!” he said, “You’ll twist my words and make her out to be even more of a hag than you already think she is! How dare you!” 
The bartender shrugged. “Suit yourself,” he said, “but remember, imagination is nearly always worse than reality. You could be doing her a favor, telling us how it really is.”
Mordred’s eyes flashed, and he looked around to see that he had now gathered a small crowd, eager to hear whether or not he would reveal the secrets of the castle of Avalon, so long a subject only of rumor and mystery. 
“All right, then,” he said defiantly. “My aunt doesn’t have to resort to such mundane things as spells with the hideous ingredients you imagine. She can speak a secret language called the Ancient Tongue. She’s taught it to me, as well,” he added, puffing up his chest with pride.
The faces in the little circle around him looked properly amazed. “The Ancient Tongue?” repeated one of the townsfolk. “What is it, if not magic, then?”
“It was the first language of the earth,” said Mordred importantly. “The words in the Ancient Tongue are different than words in any other language. In English, words represent objects, but in the Ancient Tongue, the words are the essence of the thing itself. When one knows an object’s true name, he can command it, and it has to obey.”
Most of the faces looked shocked, and a few seemed a little frightened at this declaration, but the bartender narrowed his eyes at Mordred skeptically. “Oh yeah?” he said. “Prove it. Let’s see you command something.”
Mordred could not have been more pleased with the request. His mouth curled into an arrogant smile, and in response he raised one arm casually at the wall behind the bartender. “Sruthán,” he murmured. Instantly the wall went up in flames. 
The bar erupted into chaos. Men overturned chairs in their haste to get out the door, shouting and nearly trampling one another. The bartender frantically tried to unlock the latch that kept him behind the counter, blocking his escape. Mordred enjoyed their panic for a few moments more before he finally stretched out a lazy arm and murmured, “Dul amach.” Just as suddenly as they had appeared, the flames went out, leaving not so much as a scorch mark behind. It was as if the fire had never been. Mordred folded his arms across his chest and sat back, watching their expressions in satisfaction. I should come into town more often, he thought. 
It took another few moments for the patrons to realize that they were no longer in mortal danger. A few shouted that he was insane and left in anger and fear, but those that remained gathered round him again, although significantly more cautious than before. 
“All right then,” said the toothless farmer shakily. “If Morgan le Fay can do that, why does she stay holed up in Avalon all the time? With power like that, and her looks, why – she could rule the world!” 
“She will rule the world, and I shall rule with her, when she returns with the object of power.” Mordred emphasized the last few words, just in case they did not by themselves produce the desired effect. 
“Object?” said the bartender warily, and tilted his head to one side. “What kind of object?”
“It’s an object that gives its owner complete and total mastery over all the elements of the earth, and all who align themselves with the owner’s purposes. We will be like gods!” 
The crowd began to murmur at this, looking at Mordred as if he were an eminent threat. 
“Leave him alone, he’s just a kid,” muttered the bartender to the grumbling crowd, although he also looked disturbed. Distracted, he put the glass down and leaned toward Mordred. “Say,” he said, “the object your aunt is looking for… it’s not the Philosopher’s Stone, is it?”
Mordred was surprised, and then uncertain. He had not expected the bartender to be more informed than he was. “What...” he tried to decide whether his curiosity was strong enough to admit ignorance, and finally decided it was. “What is the Philosopher’s Stone?”
“It does what you say, according to legend,” said the bartender, “but more than that, too.”
“More?” gasped the man in the back with the full beard. “Why would anybody need more than complete control of the elements?” 
“It’s not a matter of need, it’s a matter of what’s possible,” said the bartender. “If you control all the elements, you can also change one element into another.”
“You mean like those there glasses into diamonds?” demanded the toothless farmer.
“That,” nodded the bartender, “but that’s a straight ways conversion,” he said, and indicated a horizontal line with his finger. “It can go the other way too.” With that, he indicated a line from heaven to the earth.
“What do you mean, the other way?” Mordred demanded. “What sort of other way is there?”
“Glass and diamonds both exist on earth already, dun they?” said the bartender. “Mortal to immortal, though – now there’s a trick.”
Mordred’s mouth fell open. “Immortal?”
“Immortal,” confirmed the bartender, absently polishing the same spot on the same glass, his eyes boring into Mordred’s.
The crowd looked horror-struck. The toothless farmer said to Mordred loudly, “Well, if Morgan le Fay finds it, I hope you’ll have sense enough to destroy it if you can, boy, and bury it if you can’t!” 
“How do you know this?” Mordred demanded, flattening his hands on the bar as he stood to his full height. His pale eyes were alight with intensity. “Who told you?” 
“I’ve heard of it, too,” said a farmer towards the back of the crowd. He was no more than bones stretched with skin that looked like leather. “Word gets round,” he added, as if that explanation were sufficient. 
“Maybe not to Avalon, though,” said another, and then muttered under his breath, “Nobody goes there.”
Mordred sat down again with a thump, swirling his empty glass as if it still contained liquid, lost in thought. 
Aunt Morgan had talked about limitless power, but she had not given him a clear idea what she meant by it. Immortality would mean limitless power, forever. Imagine! Aunt Morgan’s beauty forever preserved. And he, the exiled Crown Prince of Camelot, stripped of his title, would be exalted beside her. 
The irony was irresistible. 

He rode back to Avalon as quick as the dark pony would carry him. He had been eager for Aunt Morgan’s return before, but now that he knew the nature of the object she sought, he was overwhelmingly anxious. 
When he entered the stable, Mordred saw Hutchins grooming the horses. That meant Morgan had returned as well. Mordred tossed the reins at him hurriedly without so much as a greeting and dashed inside the castle, searching every room, eager to discover that his aunt had been successful and had found the Stone. 
At last he found her, sitting by the hearth in the kitchen with her eyes closed. She had hair the color of honey, smooth as corn silk, falling like a sheet of pliable metal around her shoulders, and her form seemed waif-like except for her substantial breasts, showing at the top of her dress with just a hint of scandal. She rocked back and forth with an eerie smile on her lips when suddenly she stopped, apparently sensing she was no longer alone. She opened her eyes, which were startlingly black: not an abyss, but the glossy, empty gaze of a beetle. They gave one the queer, chilling feeling that she was completely hollow, like a beautiful shell. 
In the hearth before her was a brown paper parcel tied with twine. It was no larger than a fist.
“You found it,” Mordred whispered.
“Yes,” she said, her black eyes locked on his pale ones. Her lips curled into a smile. Before her, a book lay open to a page with symbols that Mordred did not recognize: three of them arranged in a horizontal line, with words beneath that were written in the Ancient Tongue. “Mordred,” she whispered, “You have the face of an angel. We will make such a pair, you and I!” 
Mordred took a step towards his aunt and towards the package, frightened by the intensity of his desire. “Some men in the pub were talking,” he said, his voice trembling. “They said there were legends that the Philosopher’s Stone could convert the elements from one form to another.”
Morgan’s smile stretched wider. “Yes,” she murmured. 
“We can use it to make our bodies incorruptible, then! We will never age nor die!”
“What?” she snapped suddenly, the mood shattered. “Who told you that?” 
“But I –” Mordred fumbled for words, trying to understand what he had said wrong. 
“Foolish boy!” said Morgan disdainfully. “You said it yourself: the Stone can convert matter from one form into another. That means there is an exchange. If we use the Stone on our bodies, they will become spirits, and our bodies will die! Is that what you want?” 
“I –” Mordred’s mouth hung open, and he stammered, his pale cheeks burning, “no, of course not –”
Just as suddenly, his aunt’s expression softened again, and she spoke tenderly. “Of course not,” she echoed. “Perhaps you did not know. The Dark One who came before me used the Stone exactly as you proposed. He thought he would achieve immortality too, but instead he transformed himself into one of the penumbra, and killed his mortal body in the process.”
Mordred was confused. He had never heard her speak of the Dark One before. “Who was the one who came before you?” he asked.
She lowered her voice and whispered conspiratorially, “We cannot speak his name! You know why, of course; he is one of them now. He calls himself the Shadow Lord; Shadow, because his very existence is relegated to the shadows now, like them. Still, he has great power,” she turned away abruptly. “Yet he is dependent upon the bodies of others in order to wield it. We don’t want to be dependent on anyone, now do we?” 
Mordred shook his head mutely.
“So you know what we must do,” she whispered. 
Mordred had no idea what they must do, but he waited to hear her explain it with baited breath.
“We cannot use the Stone directly on ourselves. But indirectly –” she gestured to the kitchen, to the walls, to the moat outside the window, glittering in the sun. 
Mordred stared at her, not comprehending. “You want to use it on the castle?” 
She turned on him with frightening intensity. “We will dislodge Avalon from the earth, and then it will be our throne forever!” she finished triumphantly.
“How will we ever get back?” said Mordred doubtfully. “What about our revenge on my father? All that we’ve planned for, all that we wanted –”
“It shall be managed,” she said calmly. “Once we reign from our castle in the sky, we can come and go from the earth as we please. Like them.”
The idea did not form in Mordred’s head in so many words, but he began to wonder for the first time if his aunt was quite sane. 
“Oh,” said Mordred uncertainly. “I thought you meant we would leave earth forever.”
Unexpectedly Morgan burst into a musical fit of laughter. “Of course not!” she said. “We shall live here most of the time, as we do now. Nothing will change – except that we shall have absolute power and eternal life, of course. Eternal, because once we are there, we will live in a world that cannot be corrupted.” She licked her full lips, scarcely able to contain herself a moment longer. Her hands reached for the parcel, and, trembling, she began to untie the twine. “Now, Mordred,” she whispered, “go and fetch me twelve Lantana berries and a handful of Nightshade.”
Mordred dutifully left the room to do as told, but he was confused. He had no idea why, but some sense of foreboding and a long-forgotten instinct of self-preservation made him pick up speed. He fled across the grounds and over the stone footbridge that spanned the moat to the banks on the other side. By the time he reached them, he was winded, and automatically dropped his hands to his knees, where he stood panting, watching the castle of Avalon carefully. 
He wondered why other ingredients should be necessary at all. The object that his aunt had always spoken of was sufficient to wield the complete power of the Ancient Tongue by itself. At least that was what he thought she had said. Slowly he stood and began to search the edges of the forest for the ingredients she requested, but even as he did so, he began to wonder. 
What if she didn’t need the Lantana berries or the Nightshade after all – what if she had lied? Mordred knew he was the only living person his Aunt Morgan cared about. If her experiment worked, there would be nothing to stop her from returning for him and bringing him to her castle in the sky to reign at her side. If it doesn’t work, though… she had been sitting with eyes closed and an open book when he arrived, and had not seemed anxious to acquire additional ingredients in order to perform her incantation. She looked as if she were ready to begin. But she had thought Mordred was still in the city then. Was it possible that she just wanted to get Mordred out of the way, in case something went wrong? 
If something does go wrong, what will become of me? Mordred wondered, suddenly horrified at the thought. After all, his father exiled him already. He had no other family, no other home, no one to care for him. 
Mordred stood, and before he knew what he was doing, his feet began to move back towards the footbridge, though he was empty-handed. He picked up speed. He began to run. He suddenly knew that the most intolerable fate of all was for his aunt to leave him behind. He could not let that happen – even if it meant death, he had to be in that castle when she used the Stone –
His feet pounded the ground with hardly a sound, muffled in the peat moss and by the marsh as he approached the banks. His feet had only just touched the precipitous footbridge, when suddenly he found that his foot went right through it, and plunged into the water below –
Except it didn’t. There was no water. 
The place where the castle ought to be was now miles and miles of empty peat moss and rolling hills ascending to the edge of the forest, where the sun disappeared behind the tree line. 
Suddenly he heard a thunk, and then another and another. Instinctively he ran towards the first dark object that had landed a few yards away, and discovered that it was the flank of his own pony – the very one he had ridden from town less than a half hour before. The blood still flowed freely from the place where it had ripped from the pony’s warm body. 
Yards away were piles of crumbled stone. It was as if the blast had disarticulated the floor of the castle and distributed it centripetally from its source all around the meadow. Mordred ran from one to the next, finding scattered bits of wood and stone amid the earth and moss. 
Beneath one pile of rubble, he found a human hand, calloused and caked with dirt. He recognized it as Hutchins’s. His panic mounted. 
Reflected in the late afternoon sun, he saw a glint of gold: hair the color of honey, smooth as corn silk.
Mordred sank to his knees.
“NO!” he began to howl, covering his head with his arms. “NOOOO!” 
He shouted and shouted until he had no voice left, until he had no words, until he had no breath. Then he lay gasping on the ground that was no longer even damp, and his hands curled tightly into fists. 
What seemed like days later, he stood shakily to his feet, and turned in the direction of Camelot. He would go back on foot.
Because now, revenge was all he had left.
Chapter 21

Lily gasped back to reality a second after Peter. He rolled towards her and reached an arm out to make sure she was substantial.
“Peter!” she breathed.
“I know,” he gasped, rolling over from his back to his stomach to push himself to a seated position. “I’ve never been in the mind of a villain before. That was… unpleasant.”
“Because I could kind of see his side,” she finished, nodding with a shudder. “Knowing only what he knew… I think I would have hated Arthur too.”
“It wasn’t Arthur’s fault, though,” said Peter.
“Mordred didn’t know that,” Lily pointed out. 
“What?” Cole demanded. “What happened? Whose head were you in?” 
“Morgan used the Stone on the castle itself!” cried Lily to Peter unnecessarily, ignoring Cole’s question. 
“What happened to it, though?” Peter said. “We saw it disappear – well, most of it, anyway, but does that mean it was all destroyed, or –”
“– was the rest of it translated into the world of the penumbra?” Lily finished his sentence eagerly. 
“Mordred thought it was destroyed,” Peter said, “and that Morgan was killed in the process.”
“If it was destroyed, wouldn’t the entire thing have turned into rubble, instead of just bits and pieces of it?” Lily asked. 
“Hi! Excuse me! Over here!” said Cole crossly. “You want to fill me in?” 
They both looked at Cole, as if remembering his presence for the first time. “Sorry,” Peter muttered, and Lily echoed, “Sorry.” Then they recounted what they had seen, although Cole had a hard time understanding them because each talked over the other and they cut each other off in their haste to get the story out. 
When they were finished, Cole said anxiously, “So the question is not so much what happened to the Castle of Avalon, but why did Kane want you to see what happened to it?” 
They were all silent for a few moments. Then Lily mused aloud, “Morgan said that the Shadow Lord had used the Stone to transform himself into one of the penumbra, but his body died in the process. That means he was human once. After that, he ruled on earth by taking over the bodies of other humans. That’s different than the penumbra,” she pointed out. “All they can do is try to influence people. They can’t directly control them.”
“You think he can inhabit human bodies because he used to be a human himself?” Peter asked.
She nodded. “I can’t see any other way to explain it, if he became one of them. Maybe it’s… you know, a square peg into a round hole kind of thing.”
Cole and Peter exchanged a look, and Peter said, “You lost me there.”
“Well,” said Lily, thinking hard, “let’s just suppose that there’s a spot in a human where his soul goes, like a key hole, but it can only be occupied by a human soul. Nothing else fits. So even if the Shadow Lord is one of the penumbra now, he used to be human, which means he fits in the key hole. The penumbra get as close as they can, but the best they can do is wrap themselves around the doorknob. They can’t actually fit inside.”
Peter stared at her in amazement. 
“What?” she said.
“Nothing. I just… I think you made that up. It makes perfect sense, though, in a completely non-scientific sort of way.”
Lily snorted. “Thanks. I think.”
“Even if it’s true,” said Cole, “that still doesn’t explain why Kane wanted you to see that story.”
“Well, wait a second,” said Lily, and Cole and Peter looked at her expectantly. “The point of this book isn’t the Shadow Lord. He was only mentioned in passing, and only in order to explain why Morgan didn’t try to use the Stone on her own body. So it seems that the point is the fact that she used it on the castle, don’t you think?”
“Yes,” said Peter slowly. “Most of the castle disappeared, though, so I don’t see how –”
“It disappeared from our world,” Lily cut him off, gaining momentum, “but Morgan said that matter can be neither created nor destroyed, remember?”
“Isaac Newton said that, actually,” said Peter dryly.
Lily ignored him. “So that means the castle couldn’t have been destroyed. It had to go somewhere. If the body of the Shadow Lord was translated from earth to the world of the penumbra, then it stands to reason that the same thing happened to Avalon, doesn’t it?” 
Now Peter looked impressed. “That’s logical,” he admitted. 
“Peter,” said Lily, really excited now. “What if the castle still exists, but in their world – a sort of halfway house? It used to be on earth, so it has some connections to earth, just like the Shadow Lord does…. Meaning that humans can still exist there, even if they can’t cross all the way over into the world of the penumbra?”
“Like a Shadow Fortress?” Cole said, catching the idea.
“Yes, exactly like a Shadow Fortress!” said Lily. “A place where a human could be held captive by the penumbra –”
“And would never be found unless someone already knew where the fortress was,” Peter finished, thunderstruck. “Like Carlion.”
Lily nodded. “Isdemus said that Carlion can only be found by those who already know where it is –”
“Or by those who wish to find it,” said Cole.
“That’s only because the nimbi guide him straight to it,” Lily added.
Finally, Peter voiced what they were all thinking. “That’s where my dad must be,” he said. “He’s being held captive in the castle of Avalon.”

***

Brock blinked, trying to orient himself. He had not moved, nor had he gone through a porthole… and yet the scenery had changed. Myriad penumbra still surrounded him on the banks of a lake, smooth and silver as glass, with a single, impossibly thin footbridge suspended over the water from the bank to the castle beyond. Both the footbridge and the castle seemed suspended by nothing, in mid-air, like a wisp of smoke. The first thing he noticed was that, unlike the penumbra he had seen on the bus or in the park, he could not see through the castle to the other side. 
The cluster of the penumbra surrounding Brock moved into a single file formation so that they could cross the footbridge. It looked like a ribbon, slick, flimsy, and almost as narrow. He half expected it to collapse under their weight. Involuntarily Brock looked over the edges of the bridge. The water was unnaturally still – as still as death was the phrase that kept repeating in his mind, until the words lost all meaning. He could see clear to the bottom, but there was nothing there: only black sand with the occasional flecks of silver and gray. He supposed he wasn’t surprised that nothing could live in this water. It was the opposite of the moat surrounding Carlion, which was alive with colorful aquatic life of every kind. Here, there was no movement in, and no movement out. Stagnation was the very essence of death. 
As they approached the castle at the other end of the bridge, Brock could see its proportions were equally as absurd as the bridge: the turrets, spires, and flying buttresses looked stylized and cartoonishly thin, with lines that seemed to curve in on themselves. Even Brock could tell that those turrets should have crumbled under their own weight. The existence of the castle seemed to be an architectural impossibility.
Suddenly it occurred to him that he could hear the footsteps of the penumbra. Brock looked at the feet of the flame-haired siren walking in front of him and saw them fall, firmly contacting the bridge. Then he instinctively looked down at his own feet, and nearly lost his balance.
He could see the stones of the bridge through his feet.
Is there even air here? Can I breathe? he thought, gasping involuntarily. His lungs dutifully expanded and contracted again as they resumed their previous position, but as if they were going through the motions; here, air did not seem to be a strict necessity. 
“Where are we?” Brock said, swallowing the sound of his own stifled voice, mostly just to see whether he could still speak at all. His voice fell flat, like the sound of a muted drum.
“Avalon,” said the flame-haired siren. Her eyes gestured to the water, and she said, “It means Isle of Glass.” Her musical tone seemed to carry and echo.
“But… where are we?” Brock repeated, and swallowed. His mouth was so dry.
The siren tilted her head to one side. “At the moment, in terms of your world, we are approximately 52 latitude and -31 longitude. Directly over the Atlantic Ocean. That changes continuously, of course, since Avalon has no anchor from your world to ours.”
“We’re… over the ocean?” Brock stammered.
“The Fata Morgana spends the majority of its time over the ocean, naturally, since water makes up some seventy percent of the surface area of your world,” added the blond siren behind him.
“What’s the Fata Morgana?” Brock repeated, trying not to panic.
“That,” said the siren, pointing at the castle. “The phrase was coined by sailors, I believe?”
Brock shook his head mutely to indicate that he didn’t know.
“It means mirage,” said the first blond siren.
The flame-haired one continued, “They say fairy castles have been known to appear over the water in your world, luring unsuspecting sailors to their deaths in the belief that they will reach land if they sail just a little further.” She laughed, and tossed her hair, which now fell around her shoulders rather than floating, as it had before. “What they are seeing is real, of course, and not a mirage at all. Yet they could sail for all eternity and never reach it.” 	
Brock felt the chill creep deeper into his bones. 
The mouth of the castle was a portcullis standing wide, like the gaping jaws of a leviathan. Once they passed, Brock’s mouth fell open involuntarily. 
The castle had no foundation. It was comprised of three convoluted walls suspended over the eerily still water, where the wisp of a bridge burst into a flat labyrinth upon its surface, gossamer like the web of a spider. The inside of the castle seemed pitch black from the outside, but once they crossed the threshold there seemed to be a faint, otherworldly glow emanating from all around and nowhere at once. It was impossible to locate, but the illumination was just enough to reveal the fact that they were not inside at all. 
The silence was so deafening that he could hear a ringing noise inside his own head. It was as if his brain was trying to interpret the utter stillness, like the sound had been muffled inside of a paper bag. Instead of the inside of a building, it looked as if the gossamer web floated on an ocean which not only stretched as far as the eye could see, but wrapped up and around them, as if they were enclosed in a sphere of water. Brock instinctively knew that to fall into that water would mean certain death. He doubted the surface would even make a single ripple as it engulfed his body within its depths. 
“You’re right,” said the flame-haired siren.
“About what?” said Brock, though he had a funny feeling that she was responding to his thoughts. She had been so accustomed to generating them for the majority of his life.
“You don’t want to fall in there.”
“Why is that?” Brock asked, but he knew he didn’t want to hear the answer.
“Because that’s where he is.”
Suddenly a voice cut through the stillness like a knife, but was muffled in the bizarre, unearthly silence.
“Brock Jefferson?” 
Almost as soon as it the voice had come, it fell, blunted in the muffled stillness. Brock’s stomach fell with it. He turned to see the speaker.
It was Bruce Stewart.
Chapter 22

Polly Jefferson rolled off her left arm, which had gone numb from the full weight of her body for the previous several hours that she had been asleep. She tapped her fingers on her leg, feeling the pins and needles, and looked at the clock, which blinked 6:30 in lurid red LCD. Instinctively she craned her head towards the other side of the bed, but she knew already what she would find there. The sheets were rumpled but empty and cold, and her husband’s briefcase, which had been leaning against the dresser the night before, was gone. He had already left for London. 
She sat up on the edge of the bed and stared at the closet doors, with the peculiar feeling of dread that she could not quite identify, as if something awful had happened and in another few seconds, she would remember what it was.
Oh, yes. Cole.
A wave of nausea passed over her; she gripped the edge of the bed and closed her eyes until it passed. 
Cole was still in Carlion, and she did not even know where Carlion was, or how to get back to it. Henry had forbidden her even to speak of him. He could, presumably, come home anytime he wished, but she knew her son. He wouldn’t leave, not when he might be able to help Peter find his dad. With that thought, another wave of nausea passed over her and she fought the bile rising in her throat. Help Peter find his dad. What would that mean exactly? Where had Peter’s dad been taken, and by whom, and for what purpose? Perhaps Cole would help Peter gather information. Perhaps the three teens left in Carlion would stay in the castle while the Watchers launched a daring rescue mission. Perhaps.
But perhaps not.
She stood shakily to her feet, slipped them into a pair of slippers lined with lamb’s wool, and wrapped herself in the blue terry cloth robe that her husband hated and she therefore only wore when he wasn’t around to see it. She could not sit in her room and continue to think or she would go crazy. She had to do something. 
She intended to go down to the kitchen for coffee and breakfast – the chef would not arrive for another half hour, but Polly knew how to work the French press and teapot – but her feet disobeyed her and instead she headed straight for Brock’s room. She needed to not be alone. 
The door was open, which surprised her. Brock always slept with his door closed. She pushed it open, and saw that the bed was still made. She frowned. That was especially odd. Most of the time Brock didn’t even make his bed – he let the maid do that in the afternoon, after he had already left for school. Even if he had made it himself, he should have awakened only a few moments before. School started at 7:30 and it took Thomas only fifteen minutes to drive him to King’s…
There’s football practice this morning! Polly remembered with relief. Henry’s words to his son the night before came floating back to her: “If you get to bed soon, you can be up early enough to make football practice in the morning.”
She padded almost silently down the stairs, her relief turning back into the vague sense of dread she’d had when she first woke. Absently she filled the teapot with water and placed it on the stove, turning the knob. She pulled coffee from the freezer, and lost count of the number of scoops as she dumped them into the French press, having to pour the coffee back into the bag and measure again, three times. Then she dropped the measuring scoop altogether, forgotten, as she stepped towards the window in disbelief.
The dented BMW was still parked out front. That meant Brock and Thomas hadn’t left for school yet. 
“Brock?” she called, perplexed, her voice rising with a twinge of fear. She looked out the window to the servants’ quarters. She could see Thomas’s wife up and about, and Thomas was out pulling weeds, his wraith-like penumbra hovering a few feet away from him. Polly started when she saw it. He waved at her through the window, oblivious. 
Instinctively Polly abandoned the coffee and fairly ran upstairs, panic mounting with each pounding slipper. She didn’t quite know what she was afraid of, only that it was very, very bad. “Brock?” she squeaked, from room to room. “Brock!” 
She burst back into his bedroom and found his football gear, cleats and pads, as well as his book bag lying untouched on his desk. Polly began to half-whimper, half-cry. 
“BROCK!” she shrieked now, running downstairs and repeating the same process through the rooms on the ground floor.
On instinct, she ran to her purse, grabbed her phone, and without thinking, she pressed speed dial, ready to scream with impatience as the phone rang on the other end once. Twice. Three times.
“What is it?” said Henry’s cold voice finally on the other end.
“Brock is missing!” The words tumbled out of Polly’s mouth so quickly that they slurred together, coming out a jumbled mess.
“What?” said Henry. “What are you talking about?”
“He’s gone! I’ve just turned the house upside down, and his bed is made and –”
“He had football practice this morning –” 
“AREN’T YOU LISTENING, HE’S GONE!” Polly screamed. “Thomas and the car are still here and – his – football – gear…” She had rendered herself incapable of logical speech, and dissolved into tears.
“Well, what is it that you think happened, since you obviously have a theory?” Henry snapped irritably over her sobs.
“You KNOW what happened. You heard what those Watchers said just like I did!” Polly wailed, and suddenly in that moment, with sickening clarity, she knew too. “He was abducted by the Shadow Lord because we brought him home, away from the protection of Carlion, just – like – Peter’s – father!”
There was silence on the other end of the line. Polly gasped, trying to regain control of her breath, waiting with a glimmer of hope that Henry was processing this, that he believed her, and that he would come home, to the rescue. His next words shattered that hope.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said contemptuously. He spoke through gritted teeth. “I thought I told you we were never to speak of that place again! I never want to hear another word about –” 
Then Polly did something she had never, in twenty years of marriage, done before, nor had she ever believed herself to be capable of it. She hung up on her husband. 
She knew she couldn’t call the police. They would not be able to help. But she needed help, and desperately. 
Suddenly she remembered something Isdemus had said to Peter when they had overheard them in the adjacent room, talking with those other Watchers: it was something about how Isdemus could not locate a person who spoke his name instantaneously like the nimbi could. That must mean that the nimbi could locate the speaker when she said one of their names… whatever that meant. 
During her time in Carlion, Polly had seen many of the nimbi, but she only remembered the name of one. It had been fluttering over her head when she and Henry had first entered the Great Hall, making sarcastic comments in the background. She had overheard Isdemus call it something, but she couldn’t quite remember what it was… it was something like…
“FIDO DINGUS!” she cried as loudly as she could. 
Nothing. Maybe that wasn’t it.
“FIDUS DINGUS!” 
Still nothing. This should work… 
“FIDES DIGNUS!”
Suddenly there was a crack, and Polly fell backwards in surprise, although fortunately into a waiting kitchen chair. It scooted away from her as she fell, but still remained near enough to support her. 
About three inches away from her face, the glowing form of the ugly middle-aged baby beat its tiny wings spastically. He frowned at her. “Something is wrong,” he said, observing her face.
“Brock!” she gasped, but halfway through the word, her voice died and she had to swallow before she could try again. “Has been taken!” 
Fides Dignus’s eyebrows shot up so high that they were hidden by his coarse, curly fringe. “Taken?” he repeated, alarmed. “Taken by whom? How do you know?” 
Polly repeated to the little creature everything she had seen that morning and recounted to her husband, but also added that the night before, both she and her son had discovered that as a result of their time in Carlion, they both had become Seers. Midway through her story, she dissolved into tears again.
“They took him! The penumbra, they took him, just like they took Peter’s father because Brock was with Peter that night. I know it! I just know that’s what happened!” 
“I see,” said Fides Dignus with a most disturbing frown that did not contradict her, though Polly felt some strange measure of relief that at least he took her seriously. “I will go and inform Isdemus right away.”
“Wait!” she cried. “You can’t just leave me here! I’ll go crazy, I have to help!”
Fides Dignus regarded her and said doubtfully, “It will be much faster if I tell him what has happened –”
“Just take me with you!” Polly demanded. “Do that cracking thing you do, but take me too!”
“I cannot take you too,” said Fides Dignus patiently, “because you belong to this dimension and I do not –”
“I DON’T CARE ABOUT YOUR MATH, JUST DO IT!” 
Even Fides Dignus was beginning to look flustered and very slightly frightened. “See,” he tried again, “you can only warp if there’s a space specialist present, or if there’s a pre-made portal, and the nearest portal to the castle is the Grandfather Tree at the edge of the Enchanted Forest –”
When Fides Dignus was still mid-sentence, Polly Jefferson understood what needed to be done. She leapt to her feet and ran towards the pegs that held her car keys, yanked them off and continued towards the door without stopping, still dressed in her slippers and bath robe.
“Come ON!” she shouted at Fides Dignus, who fluttered after at her insistence, not daring to disobey.

***

There was a vague whistling sound in the background, but it didn’t quite sound like an alarm clock. It took Ralph, Bruce’s research partner, several moments to register the fact that it was a tea kettle. He was momentarily confused (the tea kettle in his house was in the kitchen, which was downstairs from his bedroom) until he realized that he was still in his office at the university. He opened his eyes and blinked the sleep out of them, and could see clearly through his right eye, but the world was all a blur through the left. He sat up and adjusted his glasses on his nose. Apparently, he had fallen asleep with the yellowed pages of a book full of thermodynamic equations plastered to the side of his face, because it sat open below him, pooled with a little bit of drool. 
“Bruce?” he asked, sensing that he was not alone and looking for who had set the tea kettle whistling. He sat up and looked around the room. Then he jumped awkwardly, hitting the table in front of him with his knees and nearly falling off his chair. Three people he didn’t recognize were standing near the doorway. “Ack!” said Ralph. “Who are you?”
“Friends of Bruce’s,” said one of the three, a heavy-set woman somewhere near her early forties. “Have you seen him?”
“Not since two days ago,” said Ralph, frowning. “I keep expecting him back, we were right in the middle of something important –”
“What happened two days ago?” interrupted the woman harshly. “The last time you saw him. Tell us everything you know.”
“Hold on!” said Ralph indignantly. He stood up and crossed to the tea kettle because the whistle was too insistent to be ignored, but he made sure not to turn his back on the strangers. “I don’t even know who you people are!”
“My name is Jael,” said the woman, and she gestured at the two men flanking her sides. “These are Sully and Dan.”
“How do you know Bruce?” Ralph demanded, but with slightly less vehemence now that they appeared to be cooperating. They all exchanged a look that clearly told him they were deciding how much to say. 
“Has Bruce ever mentioned Isdemus to you?” said the white-haired man Jael had indicated as Sully.
Now Ralph was curious. “Yeah, actually,” he said, “but he’s never told me who he is, at least not directly.” As he watched them warily, he poured himself a cup of Earl Grey with a lump of sugar. He gestured to the teapot with an inquiring expression in the direction of his guests, reluctantly acquiescing to the demands of hospitality. They nodded, Dan more eagerly than the others. 
“Well, we work with Isdemus too,” said Sully with a note of finality in his tone, suggesting he did not intend to give away any more than that. 
“If you have a message for Bruce, I can give it to him when I see him next –” Ralph began.
“No message,” said Jael shortly, but accepted the tea with a tense flicker of a smile. “Just tell us what happened the last time you saw Bruce. Please,” she added as an afterthought.
Ralph scowled for a second at her rudeness, but then began to say, somewhat resentfully, “We’d been in the middle of an experiment.”
“What experiment?” said Dan.
“It was an experiment in noetics, you wouldn’t understand.”
“Try us,” said Jael.
Ralph’s eyes narrowed and he said haughtily, “All right, then. Bruce used an isolation tank on the fourth floor to illuminate a light bulb with no direct energy source, using only focused concentration. We measured the illumination using a photon detector…”
“Using focused concentration?” repeated Sully, eyebrows raised. 
“Yes,” said Ralph impatiently, and Sully and Dan accepted their tea from him as well, stirring sugar and milk with a tiny teaspoon they found on an aluminum serving tray sitting precariously on top of a stack of books. 
Sully and Dan exchanged a look, and Dan said, “I’m just curious, how did he convince you to do that?” 
“With sound scientific reasoning,” said Ralph, making a loud slurping sound.
“Which was?” 
“Dan, we don’t have time for this,” said Jael impatiently, “it doesn’t matter what his reasoning was.” She turned back to Ralph. “What happened after that?”
Ralph looked slightly disappointed, and said, “Well, the experiment worked. I’d thought he was bloody insane, and I was insane for helping him, but so help me, it worked. Then he started crowing about how we should publish and this would change the face of physics, and we had a bit of a row over it because I knew it would be a lot more complicated than that.”
“You didn’t want to publish? Why not?” said Dan.
“We couldn’t publish data like that, we’d be laughed out of our careers!” said Ralph heatedly. “I can see the headlines now: ‘Physicist turns mystic: claims to illuminate light bulb through meditation alone.’”
“If you didn’t want to publish the data even if it worked, why did you agree to do it in the first place?” Dan persisted.
“Dan!” Jael hissed again, a warning note in her voice, and Dan looked sheepish and stopped talking. Then Jael turned back to Ralph. “Then what happened?”
“Then… he said he needed to call someone. He didn’t say who. I assumed it was his son Peter at the time, but maybe it was your Isdemus, I don’t know.”
“So he left the room?” said Jael.
“Yes. And he never came back.” Ralph frowned again. 
“Did he tell you where he went to make the call?” Jael demanded. “Why did he leave the room in order to do it?” 
“At the time I assumed it was because he thought I was being a prat for not agreeing to publish right away. He gets like that sometimes, can’t see the practical side of anything. But no, he didn’t tell me where he went and I didn’t think to ask.” Then Ralph’s expression clouded and he said with a combination of suspicion and concern, “Why? Something hasn’t happened to him, has it?” 
Rather than answering him, Jael pursed her lips and Sully and Dan exchanged another meaningful look. Ralph was getting flustered. “I’ll call him, maybe he’s at home,” he offered as he strode over to the cordless at the corner of the lab and dialed the number, even as Dan said, “Don’t bother, we’ve been calling him for the last forty-eight hours…”
On the other end of the line, Ralph heard, “Hi, this is Bruce –”
“Bruce!” Ralph said with relief. “Where have you –”
“– and Peter Stewart’s residence,” the recording continued cheerfully. “We’re not here to answer your call right now…”
A look of confusion flickered over Ralph’s face as he replaced the receiver in the cradle, and then turned to the three strangers. “Tell me what’s going on.”
“There’s a situation – involving his son,” Sully said. That was true enough. 
“You know Peter?” 
“Yes, we’re friends of Peter’s as well, and –”
“Is Peter in some kind of trouble? Is he all right?”
“He’s – in trouble, in a manner of speaking,” said Sully. 
“But Bruce isn’t? It’s Peter?” Ralph tried to clarify, confused.
“Bruce might be too,” said Dan quickly. “Look, we’ll explain later. Are there security cameras on the front entrance and in the labs?” 
“Er, I think so –” stammered Ralph. 
“On it,” said Sully, and took off downstairs.
“What is he looking for?” Ralph asked, alarmed.
“He’s hoping we can find out where Bruce went from the tapes from two days ago,” Jael explained shortly. 
“You don’t think… this is because of our experiments, do you?” Ralph asked fretfully. “Because I know there are a lot of people out there who wouldn’t want something like this to get published –”
“No, we don’t think it has anything to do with your research,” Dan cut him off. “And we don’t know for sure that anything bad has happened to Bruce at all, but we need to know –”
Suddenly the elfin nimbus named Verum who had assisted the Jeffersons in the Commuter Station appeared right in front of Jael, whose hand flew to her throat, and she jumped about a foot. 
“Geez, don’t do that!” she said sternly.
Ralph looked even more alarmed. “Do what?” 
Jael bit her lip. “Nothing. Nevermind.”
With a sidelong glance at Verum, Dan said theatrically to Jael, “I’ll just… uh… go and help Sully look through the tapes, shall I?” 
“Yes,” said Jael in the same theatrical tone. “Why don’t you go and do that.”
“You people are even crazier than Bruce,” Ralph muttered, loudly enough that they could hear, as Dan left the room with Verum fluttering in front of him. 
“Excuse us for the intrusion,” said Jael, straightening a skewed stack of papers so that they would be stable enough to support the weight of her empty mug. “Thank you for the tea. If we have any further questions, may we come back and find you here?” 
“What do you mean, if you have any further questions? You haven’t answered any of mine! What’s happened to Peter? Look, if something is wrong, we need to inform the police!”
“No!” said Jael, too quickly, and then she amended, “I mean, that’s not necessary, not at this point, anyway. We have the number of the lab, and as soon as we find something out, we’ll be sure and let you know. All right? Thanks so much for your cooperation.” She ducked out of the room before Ralph had a chance to protest.
Chapter 23

After she left the lab, Jael glanced to her left and saw Dan whispering with Verum in hushed tones. She ran towards the stairwell to help Sully, and nearly collided into him between the first and second floors.
“It was a seraph,” Sully blurted before she could say anything. “Seven feet tall at least. He knew about the camera too – looked right at it. Seemed to find it amusing.”
Jael stared at him for a moment, dumbfounded. “He was visible on camera?” 
Sully nodded grimly. “The penumbra crossed over to our world on the night of the accident too, according to Kane,” he pointed out. “If Kane hadn’t been armed and the nimbi hadn’t crossed over too and shown up to help, all four of the kids would have been killed.”
Jael shook her head slowly. “The penumbra want Peter that badly? Enough to risk their immortality?”
“Kane and the nimbi that came to their rescue killed a load of them that night, and even that apparently hasn’t deterred the others. They’re still coming,” Sully confirmed. “This is big, Jael.”
Just then, Dan burst onto the landing with Verum fluttering behind him. “What did you find out?” 
Sully repeated the story, and Dan went pale. “You didn’t see Bruce on the security cameras, though?” 
“I did,” said Sully. “I saw him leaving the lab and getting into the elevator, but there are no cameras in there. I never saw him get out.” 
“Well, at least we know the seraph didn’t kill him,” said Dan.
“How do we know that?” said Verum.
“Because there would be a body, wouldn’t there?” 
“Of course he didn’t kill him yet,” snapped Jael. “Bruce isn’t the point. The Shadow Lord wants to use him to lure Peter.”
They all stood motionless for a moment. Nobody was sure what to say to that very obvious truth. 
“What did you come for?” said Jael to Verum, still a bit resentful that he had made her jump in front of Ralph. 
A shadow crossed Verum’s luminous brow, and he said very reluctantly, “Turns out Bruce isn’t the only one missing.”
“What?” cried Jael and Sully together.
“Brock is missing now too,” said Dan. “Probably since last night, but Isdemus only found out this morning. His mother had sense enough to call Fides Dignus instead of the police, and he took her back to Carlion.”
“So now the question is, where are they being held captive?” said Jael.
“Where else?” said Sully quietly. “There is only one place the penumbra would have taken them.”
“Where they’d have the biggest advantage,” Dan said with a growing sense of dread. 
Jael regarded them with a mixture of fear and skepticism, hoping the latter predominated on her face. “That place is a myth. You don’t seriously believe –”
“Of course it isn’t a myth!” said Dan. “It makes perfect sense, doesn’t it, that the Philosopher’s Stone could unhinge a real place from the earth and create a sort of bridge between dimensions? If you ask me, that’s where the Gordian Knot used to be tied, too – in Avalon.”
“Actually, no, the Gordian Knot was in –” Verum began, but Jael cut him off. 
“There’s never been any proof. Considering the Watchers have been searching for it for millennia, since all the legends suggest that Excalibur was cast into the lake of Avalon, you’d think that if it existed we’d have some evidence by now.”
“Haven’t you read The Life and Times of Morgan le Fay?” said Verum. 
“Of course I have, but all it shows is that the castle of Avalon was destroyed!” she snapped. “There’s no reason to suppose that the rest of it became the Fata Morgana.”
“There’s one very good reason,” Dan pointed out, “and you said it already. Obviously, the penumbra didn’t kill Bruce or Brock, because the point is to lure Peter to them. So they’re either being held captive somewhere on earth, which would be far too risky, considering all it would take is one of the nimbi crossing their paths, at which point he’d inform Isdemus, and we’d go and save them and that would be the end of it, or –”
“They’re somewhere the penumbra know we can’t find them,” finished Verum. 
“Somewhere nobody can find them unless the place itself desires to be found,” Sully added.
“Oh no,” said Jael suddenly. “You don’t think… Kane…”
All three of them looked at her quizzically. 
“What about him?” said Dan.
“Well, you don’t think he already knew this? Or saw it coming somehow?”
Sully nodded gravely. “That’s what I was trying to tell you before. That’s exactly what I think.”
“What?” said Verum, confused.
Jael looked sick. “Okay, go with me for a minute. Let’s just say the Fata Morgana exists, like you say.”
“It does,” Dan interrupted, but Jael silenced him with her hand. 
“Let’s say that because it’s unhinged and it’s halfway part of your world,” she nodded to Verum, “humans can’t find it unless they already know where it is, or unless it wants them to find it. Then the penumbra seize Bruce, and Brock, and take them both to the Fata Morgana, knowing that the person who would most want to find it in order to rescue them would be –”
“Peter,” Dan finished, catching her drift.
“Of course, Peter is the whole point. So, the Fata Morgana wants him to find it. Him, and no one else.”
“Not us, you mean,” Sully finished.
“Peter must not find that out!” said Verum, horrified.
“Of course, he won’t find out any of this,” said Jael impatiently. “But… what is the one thing Kane has always been most obsessed with, besides Peter himself?”
“Excalibur,” said Dan immediately. “Oh.”
She turned a hopeless expression in Dan’s direction. “So suddenly Kane became Peter’s best mate as soon as he suspected Bruce had been abducted.”
“He wants Peter to go looking for the Fata Morgana on his own!” exclaimed Verum.
“And he wants Peter to take him along,” Sully finished grimly. “We have to tell Isdemus.” 
“I’ll tell him!” said Verum.
Sully said, “We’ll all go. There’s nothing more to be gained from staying here anyway.” He looked at Jael and Dan, who dutifully took hold of his coat, before he said, “Dlúth leis an caisleán!”
All four of them disappeared with a crack.

***

“We have to find Isdemus!” said Lily. Her eyes were bloodshot and she felt bleary, like she needed to yawn but there was too much adrenaline in her veins to allow it. 
“What time do you think it is?” said Cole. There were certainly no windows in the depths of the castle, so it was impossible to tell, and inside the books, time seemed to pass differently. They felt as if they had been there for days rather than hours. 
“How can you think of sleep right now?” Lily scolded him.
“I’m not!” said Cole defensively, “I just meant, if it’s morning, Isdemus will probably be in the Great Hall, but if it’s still the middle of the night, he’ll be in his chamber…”
Peter slammed The Life and Times of Morgan le Fay shut and shoved it back on the nearest shelf. He couldn’t remember where Kane had pulled it from and he didn’t particularly care. “One way to find out,” he said. “Let’s go!”
“Do you remember how to get back?” said Lily anxiously as they crept out of the library. 
“Not clearly,” Peter admitted, “but I think it was a straight shot. We’ll have to go by feel, anyway, since it’s –” he stopped as the door to the library behind them shut, leaving them in pitch blackness, “– completely dark.”
Peter was in front, so he stretched out both arms, feeling the sides of the narrow hallway to keep from running into the wall. Lily reached out and put a hand on Peter’s back so that she could follow directly behind him, and she groped with her other arm until she found Cole’s hand to pull him along behind. 
“Anybody else feel like there’s no air in here?” Cole whispered, trying not to panic.
“We’re fine, Cole,” said Lily, sounding braver than she felt. A few seconds later, she suggested, “We could call one of the nimbi. You know, for a torch. Since they light up and all.”
“No good,” said Peter. 
“Why not?”
“I don’t think we’re supposed to be down here,” said Peter. “I’d rather the Watchers not find out we know about this place…”
“Don’t you think Isdemus will figure it out when we tell him we know where your dad is? Where else would we have learned it from?” said Lily.
Peter shrugged. She couldn’t see the gesture, but could feel his shoulder blades rise and fall beneath her fingers. “Maybe. I don’t know why… I just don’t want them knowing just yet.” 
The path dipped and curved. On several occasions, Peter could no longer feel the wall on one side or the other and he knew those were the hallways that led to other parts of the castle, but the sharp angles at which they diverged told him that those had not been the paths he had taken with Kane earlier that night. 
When they came to the end of the path, fortunately the tip of Peter’s shoe struck the stone wall before his nose did. “This is it,” he said.
“Do you suppose we have to tap it to get out, like Kane did?” Lily whispered fretfully. Since she couldn’t see where he was, she spoke so close to his ear that he felt her breath on his neck. 
“He said you didn’t have to from the inside,” Peter muttered, and then added, “which is good since I can’t see anyway…” He groped in front of him for the wall and then, not knowing what else to do, planted one shoulder against it and dug his feet in the ground, leveraging all his weight to no effect. 
“What are you doing?” came Cole’s whisper. 
“Pushing,” Peter grunted. 
Suddenly he felt Lily’s hands assessing his position, and she said, “Put your weight more to the side. You’re dead center. It rotates, doesn’t it?”
“Right,” Peter muttered, slightly embarrassed, “Levers. I knew that.” He scooted over to the right, keeping one arm extended so he didn’t face-plant into the wall, and leaned in. 
A second later, they were dazzled by the light streaming in from the east bay window in the kitchen. 
“We were up all night!” said Lily.
“Great Hall,” said Peter shortly. “Maybe he’s still eating breakfast –” 
Without waiting for a response, Peter tore off in the direction of the Great Hall, with the others right behind him, but as he approached, he was momentarily confused by the sound of a woman’s sobs. The others slowed too, to listen. 
Suddenly, Cole exclaimed, “That’s my mum!”
He took the lead and pushed past Peter, bursting into the Great Hall, where Polly Jefferson looked up in surprise at the intrusion. She was still dressed in her bathrobe and slippers.
“Cole!” she cried, and ran to him with open arms and a tear-stained face. 
“Mum, what –”
“Your brother!” she cut him off. “He’s gone, he’s missing!”
Cole blinked at her, not comprehending, and he turned around to look at Lily and Peter, who had just come in behind him. “Of course he’s gone, he went back with Dad –”
“No!” she said impatiently, “he’s gone! They took him! That man in the –” she gestured at her own clothes, unable to find the words, “from the castle –” the others understood she was trying to describe the livery, and was referring to one of the servants, “he made me wait here and he went to find Isdemus to tell him what happened, but Isdemus isn’t here, and… and… they took him! They took Brock!” She seemed incapable of explaining herself more clearly, and brushed away the hot tears that gushed from her eyes.
Peter and Lily exchanged a look of dread, while Cole went white. 
“You don’t mean… the penumbra?” said Lily, hoping she had misunderstood.
“Yes, the penumbra, who else?” Mrs. Jefferson bordered on hysteria now. “With… your dad…” she gestured at Peter, and then collapsed into a chair, as if her legs would no longer support her. Cole stood rooted to the spot, staring at his mother. Then he turned to Peter, very slowly.
“They have Brock,” he said. “They have your dad and they have Brock too.”
Mrs. Jefferson let out a sob.
Peter felt Lily’s fingernails dig into the flesh of his arm even through his jumper. “Isdemus,” she hissed. “We have to find him.”
Without a word, Peter turned on his heel to follow her out. Cole was behind him, a new look of determination on his face.
“Stay here with your mum,” said Peter.
Cole’s eyes flashed with an expression Peter had never seen before. “While you two stage a rescue without me? Not likely!” 
“Nobody’s staging anything right now,” said Lily bracingly. “We just have to find –”
“I think I know where he might be,” Peter interrupted abruptly, and then clarified, “Isdemus. Come on!”
Chapter 24

“Seriously, Cole, stay here,” Lily called over her shoulder. “We won’t do anything important without you, we promise!”
Cole looked at his mother reluctantly. She really didn’t look like she ought to be left alone. Then he turned back to Lily with a flicker of mistrust, and nodded once. 
When Lily caught up to Peter, whose feet pounded down the hall, she said, “Where are we going?” 
“Third floor,” he huffed as he bolted towards the stairs. “Gerald – told me – the first night – that Isdemus’s study was there –”
As they approached, they heard voices speaking in low, tense whispers, though they could not make out what the voices were saying or to whom they belonged. Peter immediately stopped running, and Lily nearly crashed into the back of him. He turned and put a finger to his lips, and began to tiptoe to the heavy wooden door, pressing his ear to the crack. Lily did the same, her head below his.
“– only thing that makes sense,” Sully’s voice was saying thickly. “The Fata Morgana is the only place they could take Bruce where he couldn’t just call one of the nimbi to save him, and it’s the only place we couldn’t possibly find. He has to be there.”
Lily and Peter exchanged a wide-eyed look. Apparently, there was no reason for them to speak with Isdemus after all. He already knew.
“It doesn’t exist!” said Jael’s voice stubbornly. “After 1500 years of searching for it, don’t you think that if it did exist, there would be some evidence, or that one of the nimbi would have stumbled across it accidentally at least, since it’s supposedly part of their world?”
“Half a part of their world,” Dan’s voice pointed out. “It changes location all the time –”
“Even accounting for that, by random chance the nimbi should have stumbled across it at some point!” 
“I agree with Sully,” said Isdemus’s voice quietly. Peter and Lily could practically hear Jael’s stunned expression. “According to legend, the Fata Morgana came into existence by the Philosopher’s Stone. We have all the evidence we need of that Stone’s power from the existence of the Shadow Lord himself and the many scars he left on ancient history before Arthur banished him. The fact that there has been no evidence of his existence since then does not mean, despite the speculation of some of Carlion’s greatest philosophers, that he was a myth. His absence has been perfectly accounted for by the prophecies, and now we have living proof in our midst that the prophecies are true.”
“Peter, you mean,” said Jael. 
“Peter is one possible candidate,” said Isdemus pointedly. “However, there are others even now residing under our roof.”
“Others?” Jael asked.
Peter looked down at Lily sharply, but she did not return his glance. She looked ill. 
“I am greatly disturbed that we have only just now discovered Miss Portman,” Isdemus went on, his voice low. “To be frank, it makes me question nearly everything we thought we knew.”
“There was no way any of us could have known about her,” said Dan’s voice tersely. “We just lost track –” 
“That’s precisely my point,” said Isdemus. “After 1500 years of what we thought was nearly constant surveillance, we actually managed to lose track of one of the candidates, a few generations from the time of the prophecy’s fruition! We’ve been assuming, all this time, that the Child of the Prophecy would follow the paternal line and would himself be male. Is it possible that we were wrong? Is it possible that we have fallen into the very human trap of assuming Peter is the one simply because of his gender and his appearance? Looking on the outside of man often leads us astray!”
Peter’s fingers closed around Lily’s. She did not return his grip.
Jael interjected, “How could it be Lily, though? So far she’s completely unremarkable, other than the fact that she was a Seer in the outside world –”
“Yes, but Peter was unremarkable until that accident,” Dan pointed out. 
“She may be unremarkable by our standards,” Isdemus said. “Yet somehow, despite the fact that we were not there to watch over her, Lily was protected when her parents were murdered. We don’t understand how or by whom. It wasn’t us, and it wasn’t the nimbi in any way we can explain. A nimbus could not have hidden her while remaining invisible himself. It is a mystery.
“Then, despite the fact that we lost track of her, somehow fourteen years later she found her way to our doorstep. After moving from one foster home to the next all over England, she happened to move to Norwich, and she happened to meet Peter right at the critical time, and she happened to be in the car when the accident occurred. 
“Friends, what is all of that if not a miracle?”
“But... Peter stopped that accident! Not Lily!” protested Jael. 
“I’d have thought you’d have been all for a female candidate, Jael,” came Sully’s voice dryly. 
“It’s not that,” Jael huffed in irritation. 
“Jael doesn’t like the idea of wasted effort,” Dan explained, and Jael snorted. 
“Keep in mind, Jael,” said Isdemus, “that it isn’t always where you are, but how far you have come that demonstrates strength. Lily’s background was marked with tragedy and self-doubt, and despite that, she still maintained the existence of the nimbi and the penumbra. That takes enormous character. Peter, on the other hand, was raised in a loving and protective home, albeit without a mother. Peter heard the stories of the Ancient Tongue all his young life, so it is not surprising that he may be able to call it to his aid in a pinch, even if he only knew it subconsciously. It may be that given their relative starting points, Lily has made greater progress than Peter has done.”
“All due respect, sir,” said Sully in his grave and reserved voice, “but, is this relevant now? At the moment, the Shadow Lord is only aware of one candidate.”
“True,” Isdemus conceded. “You are right, Sully. What matters at the moment is finding Bruce and Brock, and bringing them safely home again, without Peter finding out that they have been abducted, or for what purpose.”
Lily looked up at Peter, her expression both frightened and sympathetic. Now it was Peter’s turn to look sick.
“Of course he’ll know immediately that the Shadow Lord wants to make an exchange,” said Dan. “Their lives for his. He’s not an idiot.”
“He will know that immediately if he finds out they have been abducted. I am sure that is true,” said Isdemus, sounding exhausted. 
“He already knows we suspect that Bruce been abducted,” said Jael. 
“He knows we suspect it, but it will be best if he knows no more than that until the situation has been resolved,” said Isdemus.
“Or at the very least, even if he does discover that much, we have to keep him from finding out where Bruce is,” Sully pointed out. “If he understands the nature of the fortress, he’ll know immediately how to find it.”
“Which brings up another important point,” said Dan. “Considering we’ve been looking for 1500 years unsuccessfully, how do we propose to find the Fata Morgana now without using Peter to do it?”
All three voices erupted in protest at this, but Dan spoke over them defensively, “I’m not saying we should! I know that if he’s the One, then he’s more important than Bruce or Brock or all the rest of us put together. All I’m saying is, it’s a perfect set up! The penumbra know that there’s no way we can find it – only he can, because the Shadow Lord wants him to.”
“I was right,” Lily mouthed to Peter. But there was no triumph in her expression.
“I’m just saying,” Dan went on, “do we have a strategy for finding the Fata Morgana that doesn’t involve putting a potential Child of the Prophecy in danger?”
There was silence in the room for a moment. One of Peter’s knees sank to the floor. 
“I am hoping that Bruce’s training in physics will be sufficient for him to understand the nature of the structure itself,” said Isdemus finally. “If he can figure that out, he may be capable of escape.”
They could hear Jael shaking her head as she spoke. “Bruce is brilliant,” she said, “but that’s asking a lot. Who can think in terms of physics when their lives are in danger?”
“Are you kidding me?” said Dan. “When Bruce’s life flashes before his eyes, I’ll bet he sees the whole thing in equations. It’s the core of who he is!”
“Besides, we’ve all been trained for situations like this,” said Sully. “He might not have motivation enough to save himself, but now that Brock is there with him, he’ll do everything he can.”
“In the meantime, I do have a few other leads, meager though they are,” said Isdemus. “My greatest hope is that Bruce will be able to do a great deal more on his end than we can on ours in terms of rescue. Our primary goal, however, needs to be insuring that the Shadow Lord does not achieve his objective. Under no circumstances is Peter Stewart to leave the castle until Bruce and Brock have returned, or until we receive word that the situation has… otherwise resolved.”
“You mean until we find out they’re dead,” said Dan bluntly.
Isdemus’s silence was as good as an affirmative.

Peter shrank back from the crack in the door. The muscles in his thighs screamed at him as he straightened, but he barely noticed. He backed away a few steps, and then turned around and headed for the stairwell as quickly as he could without running, keeping to the carpet to muffle his rapid footsteps. 
Lily caught up on his other side, but she didn’t speak until they were sure they were far enough away from Isdemus’s office that there was no chance of being overheard.
“What are you planning?” she asked warily. 
“You know what I’m planning.”
“Peter,” said Lily, “you heard what Isdemus said –”
“I heard exactly what he said,” Peter said shortly. “He said I’m the only one who can find it. He said without using me as bait, they have no hope of rescuing my dad, or Brock.”
“He also said your dad could rescue them both!” she pointed out.
Peter gave her a withering look. “So you think I’m just going to sit here and wait for him to figure it out, when I know I can save him?”
“But Peter, you’re the –”
“If you say I’m the Child of the Prophecy, Lily, I swear!” 
“Well, you might be!” she shot back. 
“Well, so might you!”
They stared at each other in a stalemate for a long moment, until Lily broke his gaze with a shudder. 
“I don’t care what they think, Lily. I know it’s not me,” Peter said flatly.
“How do you know?”
He looked away and sucked in a deep breath. Then he said in a calmer voice, “I just know, all right? It’s not me, Lily. It has to be you, then.”
She fell silent.
“So if I die, it really doesn’t matter. What matters is that the Shadow Lord believes it’s me, and the penumbra believe it’s me, because I’m the only one who can save them. That’s it then.” He turned and kept pounding down the stairs. 
“All right,” said Lily very carefully, falling into step beside him. “How are you planning to do it exactly?”
“Haven’t you noticed a theme in this place, of how to find something when you don’t know where it is?”
She looked confused, keeping pace as Peter headed toward the Great Hall again. “You mean speaking names? That only works with the nimbi –”
“No, it works with everything,” Peter pointed out. “The whole Ancient Tongue is based on the concept of the power of an object’s true name.”
“It doesn’t work with a place, though. You can’t just say ‘Carlion’ and suddenly appear here –”
“But you can say the name of one of the nimbi to get him to lead you here, assuming he wants you to find it,” said Peter. “That’s how Mrs. Jefferson came back, isn’t it?” 
“You don’t know the names of any of the penumbra, though,” Lily pointed out, and then added with a note of dread in her voice, “Do you?” 
“No. But I know the name of their leader.”
All the color drained from Lily’s face. “The… Shadow Lord?”
Peter nodded, setting his jaw so that he looked braver than he felt. “When Cole and I were in Arthur’s head, right before Arthur killed the Shadow Lord, Arthur asked what his real name was. And he told him. He spoke it out loud. I heard it with my own ears.”
Peter stopped walking. Lily had grabbed one of his swinging arms and gripped it so tightly that he had to spin around and face her. 
“I’m coming with you.”
Peter blinked at her for a moment, and then he said pointedly, “No. Lily, I am absolutely positive I’m not the Child of the Prophecy. Can you say the same?”
“Look, I get it,” she went on stubbornly, as if she hadn’t heard him, “You have to get outside of Carlion so you can speak his name out loud without endangering the city. You can’t go alone, though, Peter, and you can’t leave me behind. I’m coming.”
“Do you understand that this is a suicide mission? I don’t expect to come back!”
Lily gritted her teeth. “It will be a suicide mission if you don’t have help! Have I mentioned that I know how to fight? And I’m guessing you don’t,” she said, appraising his skinny frame. 
Peter snorted. “What, you think if you insult me that’s gonna make me do what you want? Forget it, you’re still not coming!”
Her hands retained their grip around his forearm, cutting off the circulation. She stared at him with such intensity that she dared not blink, nor did he, as if they were trying to see who would back down first.
Peter could see in her face that she wasn’t going to give up. But he also knew that, no matter how stubborn she was or how sincerely she wished to help, where they were going both she and Cole would be utterly useless to him at best, and a liability at worst.
He had to give up his life, but theirs would simply be a waste. Lily’s might be worse than a waste. Isdemus himself had all but acknowledged that the fate of the world rested on her shoulders. If he wasn’t the One, and he was certain he wasn’t, then it had to be Lily.
So, he knew what he had to do.
“All right,” he said, trying to look as defeated as possible. 
Lily’s expression flickered for a second, as if she hadn’t quite expected that response. She tried to look resolute. 
They were only a few yards from the Great Hall. Peter paused before he entered, arranging his expression in such a way that he would not alarm Mrs. Jefferson. 
“Cole,” he said in a very odd voice. Cole looked up anxiously and ran to him.
“Pete! Lily! What did he say? What did you find out?”
“Come on, we’ll tell you,” said Peter in a tone that did not belong to him.
“What?” said Mrs. Jefferson. Her face was still puffy and red, but as she stood and put her hands on her hips, her eyes flashed. “Tell him here! Don’t you dare keep secrets from me. This is my son!” 
“No, no secrets, of course,” said Peter quickly, and then he cast a quick glance at Lily, looking for support. “Isdemus… was shocked when we told him where they are, of course. The Watchers will be leaving to try and rescue Brock and my dad any minute now… but Isdemus wanted us to come and get Cole so he could find out what we’ve learned directly from all of us before they go, so that they have as good an idea as possible of what they’re looking for.”
Lily looked at Peter, impressed. 
“Oh… oh yes, of course…” said Mrs. Jefferson, sitting down slowly again. “Well, I’d just be in the way. Hurry back?” she said anxiously to Cole, and stifled another sob.
Peter felt a pang of guilt as he looked at her miserable face, but consoled himself that the lie was for a good cause – it was the only way to send both of her sons back to her. 
When they were out of earshot, Lily and Peter briefed Cole on what they had overheard in Isdemus’s office. Cole also took it as a given that he and Lily were coming along, and he wore the same expression as Lily – a mask of determination and courage that barely concealed the suppressed fear lurking beneath.
“So what do we have to do next?” Lily said to Peter as bravely as she could.
“Now we go back to the stone wall by the store room.”
“Where the secret library is?” said Cole, confused. “Why?” 
“Isdemus said I’m not to leave the castle until Bruce and Brock return.” He purposely left out the other half of that statement. “So if we tried to go out by the main gates, the servants or the nimbi would stop us. If we tried to get to the Commuter Station via the main halls, they’d stop us there, too.”
“But they don’t know that we know about the secret passageways!” Cole finished, his eyes lighting up.
“Exactly. See, I knew we’d be glad we didn’t call one of the nimbi to lead us out,” said Peter grimly. “But we’d better move fast. They’ll be patrolling the Commuter Station in no time, and we don’t even know how to get there from inside the passage. We have no time to lose!”
Chapter 25

Brock could barely see the meager stones below that supported them and kept himself and Bruce from toppling into the deadly water beneath. The soft glow came from all around them, reflecting off the surface of the water below, around, and above, and revealed the fact that all of the penumbra had gone. Brock ventured tentatively forward, careful to step only where there were stones to support him –
“Ow!” said Brock, and fell backwards onto his backside. The sensation he had just received was not exactly painful, though – it was more like a backward thrust. He just couldn’t think of any other exclamation than ‘ow.’
“Yeah, I tried that too,” said Bruce. Brock could only make out Bruce’s outline, but bits of the filtered light above reflected off the lenses of his glasses. “It’s a forcefield.”
Brock rubbed his hip and winced, looking in the direction of Bruce’s voice. 
“They’re trying to make sure we don’t escape,” Bruce explained. 
“Right,” said Brock. “How big is it?” he asked, meaning the forcefield, not wanting to have to find out the hard way. 
“Oh, you know. We’re pretty much in a cage,” said Bruce. He attempted to sound casual, but his voice was tight. 
Brock breathed once, in and out. “What is this place?” 
“It’s called the Fata Morgana,” said Bruce. “I thought it was just a legend until… yesterday? The day before? I have no idea how long I’ve been here.”
“I know it’s called that, but what is it?” 
“You want my theory?” said Bruce. “That’s all it is of course…”
“Yeah. Sure. Anything.”
“All right, then. I think we’re in an alternate dimension. String theory predicts the existence of at least eleven dimensions within our universe, but aside from the four that we live in most of the time –”
“Four?” said Brock dully. He was only half listening, letting Bruce’s words wash over him until he said something that might be useful.
“Three dimensional space plus time,” Bruce clarified. “Aside from those, string theory predicts that the other seven are coiled up on themselves, and from the perspective of our world, they are smaller than a grain of sand. William Blake said, ‘Every space smaller than a globule of man’s blood opens into Eternity, of which this vegetable Earth is but a shadow…’”
“That’s great, but how does that help us?” Brock cut in. His temples were throbbing and he rubbed them with the pads of his fingers. 
Bruce shrugged, though Brock couldn’t see him. “I don’t think it does. You just asked what this place is, and I told you what I thought. It’s the best I’ve been able to work out. It isn’t as if I’ve had anything else to do.”
They were silent for a long moment. Brock pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around them. It wasn’t cold, but he felt chilled anyway. 
“So, just curious,” said Bruce. “What did they kidnap you for? Assuming you know.” 
Brock looked up, and then said slowly, as if he were talking to himself, “That’s right. I guess you don’t know what happened.”
“I have a theory,” said Bruce. “Do you want to –”
“No, this one I can tell you,” said Brock. “There was a car accident. Peter, Cole, and this new girl Lily were in my family’s car –”
“What?” said Bruce, suddenly alert. “Is Peter –”
“We’re all fine,” said Brock quickly, and then added, somewhat ironically as he considered his present situation, “Well, relatively speaking. Our driver Thomas hit this guy Kane’s car –”
“Kane?” Bruce repeated, his jaw dropping. “Peter – met Kane?” 
“Yeah, and he’s a real piece of work,” Brock muttered. “His car flipped and almost killed us, but it froze in mid-air and reversed –”
Bruce gaped at him, and then started laughing incredulously. “Reversed!” he repeated. “It reversed?”
“Yeah. Next thing we knew, the penumbra showed up and attacked us. Kane fought them off, and some of the nimbi came to help –”
“So the penumbra took physical form then?” Bruce demanded. “They had bodies?” 
“Yeah, they had bodies,” said Brock impatiently, annoyed with the interruptions. “We warped to the castle after that –”
“From the Grandfather Tree?” 
“Yeah, we were right next to it when the accident happened…”
“Convenient,” said Bruce, frowning.
“And we’ve been in Carlion ever since. Well, the others have. I left last night… er, tonight…” Brock suddenly realized that he had no sense of time either. “Recently,” he said finally. 
“So Peter and the others are still in Carlion, then?” Bruce demanded. 
“Far as I know.”
Bruce closed his eyes, as if trying to process. “I figured it was something like this, but I never imagined… he reversed it!” Then he shook his head and said, “Kane!”
Brock waited for Bruce to share his thoughts, but when he didn’t, he said finally, “You wanna fill me in over here?”
Bruce thought for a minute. “How much do you know about Peter?” 
Brock looked away. “He’s… well, he’s a science nerd, and…” He stopped. He’d almost said that he was a social outcast, but then remembered he was talking to Peter’s dad. “I haven’t been very nice to him,” Brock said finally.
“Oh. Well, I’m sure you meant well,” Bruce said absently. “But that wasn’t what I –”
“No, I didn’t mean well,” Brock interrupted stubbornly. “I didn’t mean well at all. I was mean to him on purpose.”
Bruce stared at Brock irritably at first, but then softened. “All right,” he said, with a reluctant sigh. “Why were you mean to Peter on purpose, then?” 
It took Brock a long time to answer. “I’m not really sure,” he said at last. “It just seemed like the thing to do.”
“Because you were afraid of what your friends would think?”
“I guess,” Brock sighed. “Well… not even them so much. I don’t know.”
“You were afraid of what your dad would think,” Bruce finished. 
Brock looked up at him, surprised, and saw only the reflection of his glasses from the filtered light above. “How do you –”
“Peter and Cole are best friends,” Bruce pointed out, and then he shrugged. “I hear things.”
Brock paused even longer at this, and then continued in a very small voice, “You know, I don’t even like football? I always dread going to practice. It’s not so bad once I’m there, but every time I make a good play I feel like people expect me to do it again, like the stakes are that much higher the next time. It’s worse if my dad is watching, because I know whatever I do, it’s not going to be good enough. He’ll always find fault with something. I could win Man of the Match every game and get a football scholarship to uni and it wouldn’t matter. He’d still –” He stopped. “I didn’t even like Celeste.”
Bruce looked confused by this train of thought. “Who?” 
“My last girlfriend. I thought Peter would have told you about her – it was obvious he fancied her. Even she knew it,” said Brock. “She’s really shallow and kind of mean, but she’s the prettiest girl in school. I don’t even know why we broke up, but when we did I was… relieved.”
“So you only dated her because she was the prettiest girl in school?” 
“No,” said Brock. A few seconds later, though, he said, “Well, I don’t know. Maybe.”
Bruce thought for a minute and then said, “So let me ask you this. What in the world were you doing in the car with Peter, Cole, and Lily that night?” 
Brock smiled sardonically, even though Bruce couldn’t see it. “Lily and I were on a date, and Peter and Cole crashed it.”
In spite of himself, Bruce smiled in amusement. “You were on a date with Lily Portman?” 
“Yeah, but only because of a dare,” Brock blurted. He almost couldn’t stop himself, like he wanted to make himself sound as awful as possible as some sort of penance. “It all seems so stupid now. If it hadn’t been for that, none of them would have been in my car that night, and none of this would have happened!”
“No, if it hadn’t been for Kane, none of this would have happened,” said Bruce, and looked away. “I don’t know how he did it, but I’m sure he did.”
“So you think he wanted us to hit him?” 
“Isdemus warned me that Kane was getting dangerously obsessed with Peter once he’d read the prophecies,” said Bruce, and then added, “You know Isdemus by now, I take it?”
“Yeah,” said Brock, his tone unreadable. He wasn’t sure how he felt about Isdemus. He knew his opinion, once formed, would be very strong, but he couldn’t yet decide if it would be positive or negative.
“Then you know why the penumbra showed up to attack you that night,” said Bruce. “You know who we believe Peter to be.”
“Yeah,” said Brock again. “Peter told us the legends that he said you told him when he was little, and he and Isdemus stayed up talking that first night. Peter told us what Isdemus had said at breakfast the next morning.”
Bruce blinked at him with an expression that seemed almost envious. “What did Peter say Isdemus told him?”
“Something about how he was the Child of the Prophecy.” Brock hadn’t meant to say it with such derision, but it came out that way. Bruce didn’t seem to notice.
“Is that all?” he said sharply. 
Brock looked at him then, genuinely surprised. “Isn’t that enough?”
Bruce breathed a sigh of relief. “Yes. Yes, of course it is.” 
“Anyway, what about Kane?” said Brock. “Lily thinks he’s jealous of Peter, like he wants to be this Child of the Prophecy, or thinks he is, or something like that. Then the stable kid Eustace said that there were actually three people that the prophecy could refer to, or maybe more.”
“Yes,” said Bruce, swallowing hard. “There are two other possibilities that we know of, but we kept a good watch on one of them. The Watchers lost track of the other one a couple generations ago. They just found her a few days before the accident. Well, I found her actually. It’s Lily.”
“What?” Brock cried.
“I don’t really think it’s her,” Bruce went on, “but technically she does fit the prophecy. Anyway, Isdemus told me he was concerned that Kane might test Peter’s abilities at some point, but none of us ever dreamed it would be so… dramatic.”
“So you think Peter’s the Child of the Prophecy too. That he’s supposed to stop this Shadow Lord from taking over the world?” 
“Well,” he said, and changed the subject. “Perhaps they didn’t tell you – I’m one of the Watchers. I’ve been in on the whole thing from the beginning.”
“Huh,” said Brock. “You are Peter’s real dad, though, right?” 
“Of course,” said Bruce, surprised by the question. “I’m in the line of the king, too, but the prophecy doesn’t fit me.”
“So do you think it’s Peter or not?”
They were silent again for a long moment, and Bruce shifted his weight uncomfortably from one hip to the other, never taking his gaze off the deadly water below. “I think that’s a conversation I should have with Peter before I have it with anyone else,” he said finally.
“So that’s a no, then,” said Brock. “You said you don’t think it’s Lily either. I guess you think it’s that third guy you mentioned?” He tentatively stretched out one of his legs to see if he’d hit the forcefield before he could extend it fully. When he didn’t, he stretched the other one out too. “All these creatures of the underworld think it’s Peter, though.”
“Apparently,” Bruce gave a short laugh.
Brock chuckled bleakly too. “They think Peter Stewart, the outcast science nerd, is supposed to save the world... and I’m being used as bait against him.”
“Peter doesn’t know where we are or how to get here, though,” Bruce said anxiously. “Right?” 
“No idea,” said Brock. 
“My guess is the penumbra are going to do everything they can to make sure he finds out, though,” said Bruce with a shudder. Then he rebounded, “As long as he stays in Carlion, though, they can’t get to him to tell him! And Isdemus won’t let him leave. He’d never let him put himself at risk. He’d –” He stopped. 
Brock could barely see Bruce’s face, but enough of the outside light filtered in that he could tell he wore a very odd expression, like he’d been about to say ‘he’d let us die first.’ 
Then Bruce said suddenly, “You have a great deal going for you. You know that, right? You have a lot you should feel proud of.”
Brock snorted. “Right,” he said scathingly. “You’re going to say because I’m popular, and good looking, and good at sports, and everybody wants to either be like me or date me. But none of that stuff matters if we die here, does it?” 
Bruce looked surprised, and Brock was rather surprised at himself, too. He’d never said any of that out loud before. 
“None of those things have anything to do with your value, Brock,” said Bruce, as if that were obvious. “They’re all very nice of course, but those are just words that describe you. They’re not who you are. If those words didn’t apply anymore, you would still be you.”
“I’d still be a complete prat, you mean.”
In spite of himself, a smile tugged at the corners of Bruce’s mouth. “Well, you don’t have to be a complete prat if you don’t want to be.”
Brock didn’t bother to say aloud what they were both thinking – that it was too late. 
A long while later, Bruce ventured, “Have you figured out your gift yet?”
Brock scowled. Bruce’s words still sinking in, and for some reason he couldn’t explain, they made him angry, as if Bruce had jabbed his thumb into a wound. “My what?”
“The element you can control with the Ancient Tongue. It takes most people a little while in Carlion to figure it out, and I know you just got there and probably weren’t all that open then. If we’re going to die here anyway, though, you should at least figure it out before we do.” He stopped and said, “That was supposed to sound a lot more comforting than it did.”
Brock surprised himself by laughing – a real, genuine laugh. “Sure, whatever, but I don’t know how much we can do inside this little bubble…”
“Well, we have three of the elements here,” said Bruce, “so if it’s one of those…” He pointed in turn. “Stone, water, and air. Then it could be something like my gift: I can spontaneously create particles, and you don’t need anything to be present already for that, although I can only create photons by themselves, since those don’t violate any laws of thermodynamics. If I create any particles with actual mass, I have to create their antiparticles too, and then they just annihilate with each other and I’m back to square one.” He stopped and scratched his head. “Then there’s fire, which requires the presence of oxygen, but we’ve got that. I think,” he added, frowning and looking around, as if inspecting the air. “So come on, give it a go…”
“What, you just want me to speak to it and see if it obeys?” said Brock doubtfully. “I don’t even know the Ancient Tongue…”
“I can teach you, then!” said Bruce. “I don’t know the whole thing fluently, and the only elements that obey me are quantum particles, although if I get enough of them at once then I suppose I could technically control all sorts of things, but that’s another story. Here, try water. Repeat after me: dtonnta a dhéanamh.”
It took Brock several tries to get the pronunciation right, but even when Bruce was satisfied that he had done so, the water remained still as glass. “Hmm,” Bruce frowned. “That doesn’t necessarily mean you don’t have the gift of water – maybe this stuff is just abnormal in some way.”
“I’d buy that,” said Brock. “Nothing else is normal around here.”
“Fine. How about air? Umm…” He looked around for a minute, and finally took off his shoe. “Try this,” he said. “Aeir the thíos bróg!”
Brock repeated him at least six times until Bruce was satisfied with the pronunciation, but still the shoe remained on the stone platform, immobile as ever. 
“This is stupid. I don’t have a gift,” said Brock crossly. 
“Well, here, I’ll show you how it’s done, though I guess you’ve already seen it quite a bit if you were in Carlion,” said Bruce, nonplussed. “Chruthú fótón.” Instantly a little prick of light appeared and shot towards the edge of the forcefield. But when it hit the field, it suddenly grew much, much larger, like an explosion of white light. Then with a crack, it extinguished altogether.
They were both silent for a moment, staring at the place where the photon had been.
“What was that?” said Brock finally.
“Not sure,” Bruce murmured. “I’ve never seen a photon behave that way… in fact usually I can barely see them at all, due to the presence of too much ambient light. In this place, though, there is no light, except for that...” He pointed around them, indicating the faint glow that seemed to be coming from someplace else entirely.
“Let me try!” Brock exclaimed, and then repeated Bruce’s words in the Ancient Tongue until he was blue in the face, but could not achieve the same result. “This is ridiculous. Peter can freeze a car in mid-air, and I can’t even…”
“Try this,” said Bruce absently. “Leathnú cloch. Look at the stones when you say it – it makes a difference where your attention is focused.”
Brock scowled at him, looking as if he wanted to tell Bruce where he and his Ancient Tongue could go, but he did as told, rather halfheartedly. He could scarcely believe his own eyes when the ground that supported them began to extend to cover more and more of the deathly water. 
Forgetting himself, he cried, “Look at that! I did it! I really did it!” 
Bruce looked up. “Excellent!” he said distractedly. “Keep going, keep going!” 
So Brock repeated the words. He stood up, extending the ground beneath the forcefield in all directions until he had created a little oasis beneath it, scarcely able to contain himself.
While Brock was doing this, Bruce muttered again, “Chruthú fótón,” and the same phenomenon repeated: the speck of light, the annihilation with a flash and a burst, and the subsequent darkness. 
Then he understood.
“Brock!” Bruce exclaimed, and Brock looked up at him expectantly, now willing to listen to anything he had to say. “I think I know what this place is made of!” 
Brock was confused. “You said it was a superstring or something…”
“No, no!” said Bruce, and then amended, “Well, yes, but more than that. I think the Fata Morgana is made of dark matter!” When Brock did not immediately register this information with shock and delight, Bruce continued, “Right. Crash course: there’s an enormous amount of energy in the universe that scientists can identify mathematically but cannot actually detect. Energy and mass are just different forms of the same thing. They call the discrepancy between the two dark matter, meaning it’s the matter we know is there but can’t see. Lots of physicists who study Superstring theory, like me, assume that this matter exists inside of the alternate dimensions –”
“Like the one we’re in,” said Brock.
“Yes! So this place is made of dark matter. In fact, I never thought of this before, but that’s probably why the penumbra aren’t visible in our world to most people even though they’re right there, in plain view – they’re made of dark matter too!”
“That’s… brilliant,” said Brock, sounding as though he thought it was anything but. “But how does that help us…”
“It helps us,” Bruce cut him off, “because of what happens when matter and antimatter of the same type contact each other. Annihilation,” he finished, looking smug. “That’s what we just saw: light comes into contact with darkness, and it annihilates. It blows up.”
Brock stared at him for a long moment, finally beginning to understand the significance of what Bruce was saying. “You mean… you can blow up the whole fortress?”
Bruce frowned. “Maybe. I don’t know. It’s technically possible, but I’ve never been able to create that many photons at once before. Even with meditation, best I can do is illuminate a lightbulb…”
Brock suddenly remembered something that he had considered insignificant at the time. “Kane told us there’s a natural limit to how much of their element people can control.”
Bruce nodded, “Yes, the energy within their own bodies. That’s why it’s so remarkable that Peter reversed that car and lived to tell the tale.”
Brock regarded him for a moment and then said with concern, “So if you tried to blow this place up… wouldn’t it kill us both in the process? You from the effort, and me from the explosion?”
Bruce shrugged and spoke casually, but his voice was tense. “It’s technically possible.”
“Right,” said Brock, and he laughed uneasily because he didn’t know what else to do. “Well then, what are we waiting for?”
Chapter 26

“Where did Kane take the flashlight?” Cole panted.
“Shh!” said Lily sharply. “Not so loud!” 
“Sorry,” Cole whispered back irritably, still breathing hard. Then he whispered, “Where did Kane take the flashlight?”
“I think he took it – back – to his room,” Peter huffed. He wished he’d taken physical education class a bit more seriously. 
“So we have to search for an unknown room in the dark?” said Cole. 
“Basically, yeah,” said Peter. He had slowed to a stop when they reached the blank stone wall near the store room and closed his eyes.
“What are you –” Lily began.
“Shh!” said Peter. “I’m trying to remember.” A few seconds later, he opened his eyes and began to tap a sequence very carefully on the wall, the one he had tried to cement in his memory when he had seen Kane do it. He was rewarded by the sound of heavy movement, and in another second, they were standing in front of a gaping black hole that looked even more forbidding this time around, considering what he planned to do. Peter tried not to think of the open mouth of a grave. He plunged in first and the others followed him.
They moved in silence and darkness so complete that if not for the sounds of their footsteps, muffled in the narrow and dank interior, it would have seemed as though they were inside of an isolation tank. Then the ground began to curve steeply downward, which gave Peter his bearings. He remembered that the ground had begun to curve just before Kane had told him to make a hard right…
“The library is coming up soon, isn’t it?” came Cole’s voice behind him. 
“Yes, but there’s a fork in the path before that,” said Peter. “I’ll try here, on both sides. You guys go on up ahead until you get to the next doors and passages.”
“What? Why?” said Lily anxiously. “I say we stick together!” 
“It’ll be faster if we divide and conquer,” said Peter brusquely. “Just open every door you come to until one of us finds the Commuter Station, and then shout out so the others meet up with you.” Then he moved to the passage that opened to his left, making space in the center hall for the other two to get by him. 
“What if there are no lights in the rooms?” Cole said. “How will we know which one is the Commuter Station if we can’t see?”
“Gerald said that the fire specialist lights the torches in every room of the castle in the mornings, whether people are in them or not,” said Peter, “and they all blow out at night. But it’s still daytime so they should all be lit.”
“I want to go with you,” said Lily abruptly.
“What?” said Cole, and his voice betrayed his nervousness. “You just want to leave me?” 
“I’ll be fine,” said Peter quickly, “go with Cole.” 
Lily hesitated, and then said, “Oh, fine. But we’ll all meet up again as soon as one of us finds the Commuter Station. Right?” 
“Yeah, absolutely,” said Peter, and hoped she couldn’t hear the insincerity in his voice. 
Suddenly Lily managed to find Peter’s hand in the darkness, and wrapped her fingers around it. “Be careful,” she said earnestly.
“Of course. You too,” Peter replied, trying to keep his tone as even as possible. For a wild second he entertained the thought of hugging them both goodbye, but he knew that if he did that they would never let him go. Instead, he disentangled his fingers from hers and slipped down the passage to his left. 

Peter didn’t have to go very far before he came to the first door. He cast a quick, reflexive glance over his shoulder to make sure the others were out of sight, but he could see nothing in the gloom anyway. He steadied himself then and pushed it open. 
The brightness of the room momentarily dazzled Peter compared to the darkness in the secret passageway, even though the room was illuminated only by the flicker of firelight. When his normal vision returned to him, his jaw dropped. 
Apparently, he had stumbled upon the Armory. This was where Lancelot and the Knights of the Round Table stored their weapons when they were not in use, and he remembered from his dad’s stories that it was also a practice room for sparring and training. Thousands and thousands of weapons lined the walls, many of which looked centuries old. 
This must be where Kane got his stash from on that first night, Peter thought. There were broadswords and katana blades, scimitars and clubs, axes and bows with arrows, dirks, Chinese throwing stars, numb chucks, knives of every size and shape, and a variety of other vicious-looking things that Peter could not readily identify. The weaponry seemed to be a mish mash of ages and cultures (much like the fashions in Carlion), though notably there seemed to be no guns, as if the collection extended only through the early fifteenth century. One section of the wall was devoted just to shields and body armor of various types, from chain mail that looked light as a feather, to the sort of full body armor that Arthur and his knights wore in their last battle, complete with helmets with every imaginable color and size of panache. A different crest marked each of the shields, but his eyes were immediately drawn to the one with two interlocking red dragons emblazoned on a background of gold. 
Under ordinary circumstances, Peter would have been thrilled to stumble upon such a find. At the moment, however, he could not afford to linger. He cast a reluctant look at the beautiful, vicious-looking array and headed back towards the hall again when he stopped himself. 
Wait a minute. What am I doing? 
The weapons were there for the taking. Not that he had the slightest idea how to use them – but walking away from a stash like this when he knew he was facing certain death seemed unbelievably foolish. The penumbra did not usually have bodies and so weapons would not ordinarily do him any good, as Lily had pointed out. In order to abduct a human, they would have to take physical form again, wouldn’t they?
Besides, Peter thought, arguing with himself, and made a face, if Dad is a Watcher, he probably knows how to use this stuff. Obviously, Kane had had a good amount of training, so perhaps they all had.
The next problem was figuring out which weapons to take, and how to transport them. Peter still wore the gray jumper and jeans from the day before, and didn’t have anything like Kane’s overcoat that he had worn the night of the accident under which to conceal a sword. Not that concealing it was strictly necessary, but he didn’t want the penumbra to know he was armed immediately if he could help it. 
Peter stopped. How did Kane know he’d need a sword the night of the accident? 
He didn’t have time to wonder about that now. 
He didn’t think he could move quickly enough with a weapon as large and unwieldy as a sword. He settled instead for a pair of medium-sized knives (he thought machete might be the appropriate term) and strapped one to either shin with the leather holsters lying nearby, which looked newly minted. The machetes were large enough to do damage without getting too close to an enemy (at least, he hoped so), but small enough that they did not extend above his knee, which meant he could barely feel them as he moved. 
With the knives in place, Peter turned and ran back into the passageway, trying to ignore the pounding of his heart. He probably had only another few minutes before Cole and Lily finished checking all the doors up ahead and came looking for him. He quickly tried the next door. 
Peter knew even before he opened it that it was the right one. He stopped when he saw the rows of photos and paintings, and took a moment to steady himself. The light no longer dazzled him, so it took him only an instant to register the fact that he was not alone. He blinked in surprise as he recognized the skinny figure with the blond hair and jagged scar, reclining with one arm pressed against a wall. 
“Kane!” 
“Peter,” said Kane in reply. He did not seem surprised to see him at all.
“What are you doing here?” Peter demanded, his gaze involuntarily straying over Kane’s shoulder at the paintings behind him. The one immediately behind him was an abstract sketch of a wristwatch that merged into the face of a mountain, and the title below it said “Cayman Islands.” 
“Waiting for you,” Kane said simply through his still-swollen lip. 
“You’d better not be here to stop me,” Peter snarled, “because I will hit you again.”
To his surprise, Kane laughed. “Well, now, that’s a threat!” he chortled, and crossed his arms over his chest with an infuriatingly condescending expression. “Before you do that, though, consider that you might not want to injure your allies.”
Peter wasn’t sure how to respond to that. His gaze flickered again to the pictures over Kane’s shoulder. He knew it didn’t matter which one he went through; he only needed to get out of Carlion, and fast. The painting beside the wristwatch said “Siberia, Russia,” and it bore the image of a tiger, which seemed slightly more relevant to its location than the previous one. “Allies?” Peter repeated distractedly, wondering how to get Kane out of the way.
“That’s right,” said Kane. “I’m here to help you rescue Bruce and Brock.”
That got Peter’s full attention. “Isdemus didn’t send you to stop me?” he said suspiciously.
“Nope. And here’s how I see it: you, Peter Stewart, are about 120 pounds soaking wet, you’re winded by a thirty second sprint, and you’ve never held a weapon in your life unless you count swords made of cardboard with a towel draped around your shoulders as a cape.” 
Peter still had enough of his faculties to flush at the accusation. “I was a kid!” he protested heatedly.
Kane ignored him and went on, “So the way I figure it, you can’t do this alone.”
“Of course I can’t! But I’m the only one who can find the Fata Morgana, and Isdemus won’t let me go with the rescue team, so I’ve got to do it alone, haven’t I?” 
“No, you don’t,” said Kane, his tone suddenly taking on an uncharacteristic note of sincerity. “I got you into this mess. You said it yourself – it’s my fault, what happened to your dad. In order to get him back, Peter, you need help. You need my help.”
“Why do I need your help?” Peter countered.
“Because I’m the only Watcher in this castle who won’t try to stop you. That makes me your only option.”
It was a good answer, Peter had to admit. “How did you know I’d come here?” he asked, still suspicious.
“You had to,” said Kane simply. “The Commuter Station is the only way to get out of the castle without going through the main gates, and the secret passageway is the only way to get to the Commuter Station undetected.”
Peter faltered for a moment, considering. He suddenly remembered Kane’s ability with a weapon. That would come in handy. Also (though he didn’t consciously acknowledge this part), unlike Cole or Lily, if Kane didn’t end up coming back, Peter wasn’t so sure he’d consider that a tragedy.
“Fine,” he said grudgingly, “but we’ve got to move.”
“I couldn’t agree more,” said Kane. “I estimate we’ve got about three and a half minutes before Isdemus sends a guard to the Commuter Station, to make sure you have no route of escape.” 
“Three and a half?” 
“Just a guess. Honestly, I don’t know what took you so long in the first place. I told you exactly where to go when I took you to the library, didn’t I?” 
Peter stared at him for a minute before that registered. “You told me that on purpose!” Then he scowled at him and said defensively, “I had to get rid of Cole and Lily. That took some time. And speaking of wasting time…” Without another backward glance at Kane, he began to move towards the photo closest to where he stood, which was of a large, flat-topped pyramid without a label. “I assume it doesn’t matter where we go?”
“Nope, long as we’re outside of Carlion,” Kane affirmed. 
Within a few inches of the wall, Peter felt the familiar sensation of a hook just behind his navel, drawing him forward. It seemed as if he was approaching the photo from the inside of a tunnel, rushing towards it with uncontrollable force. 
Then the photo suddenly burst into panoramic, and Peter found himself in broad daylight, standing on top of some sort of flat-topped, manmade hill. Most of the top was grassy, but the steps leading down to ground level were made of ancient, crumbling stone. It looked like they were on the site of some sort of ancient Aztec ruins. In the distance, he could see several more platforms just like it rising from the earth, and there were brown-faced children nearby who had stopped to stare at him. Their parents weren’t far behind, and a few looked at him and Kane with expressions of confusion or mild curiosity, but most ignored them. 
“Why aren’t they surprised to see us?” Peter whispered to Kane.
“Why would they be? There are tourists everywhere.”
“We just appeared out of thin air!” Peter hissed back.
“Doesn’t look like they noticed to me,” Kane shrugged. “Anyway, if any of them did, their brains have probably already processed the event and explained it away by now. People only see what they expect to see.”
“Yeah, you said that,” said Peter uncertainly. A teenage girl nearby still gazed at him curiously. He tried to smile back, wondering how he and Kane were going to get away from all of these people in order to do what they had to do. As he looked at her, though, he vaguely registered that although she was in shorts and a t-shirt, she wore a long, thin mink around her shoulders like a scarf. Then the mink began to move. It slithered up to her ear, at which point Peter could see its head and its beady eyes staring directly at him. It whispered something in the girl’s ear, after which she turned away and never looked at Peter or Kane again. Peter was startled – it was the first time he had seen one of the penumbra interact with a human. As he glanced around, he realized that Lily had been right – every single person was accompanied by one of the penumbra. They all took different forms, and some seemed to merge with their human hosts while others were several feet away... but they all had one. 
“See that? She just forgot about you,” Kane said, and then he repeated, “People see what they expect to see. If any information doesn’t fit into their world view, they just discard it. With a little help, of course.” He grinned. “I’m sure that’s what happened to the Jeffersons’ driver. That’s why the penumbra left him alone.” The fact that Kane was capable of grinning under the circumstances made Peter want to punch him again. 
Peter’s eyes darted anxiously in the distance, but there were people as far as the eye could see. Beyond the pyramids was the car park, but that, too, was filled with people. Several miles in the distance, the grassy area seemed to be deserted, but considering they were on foot and (as Kane had pointed out) Peter was winded by a thirty-second sprint, this was far from encouraging. 
“How are we gonna get away from all these people?” 
“We don’t have to,” said Kane. “They won’t be in any danger. Trust me.”
Peter snorted involuntarily, and Kane correctly interpreted the noise.
“Or don’t,” Kane shrugged. “If we have to get all the way out there, though, we’ll waste a lot of time. Up to you.”
Peter realized Kane was right. In this particular case, he would have to trust him. 
“When you’re ready,” said Kane.
Peter hesitated. “I have weapons,” he said, “underneath.” He lifted the legs of his jeans just high enough that the sun caught a flash of metal. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to tell Kane this now in case he was incapacitated and couldn’t tell him later, or because he was stalling. 
“Any idea how to use them?” 
Peter winced. “Not a clue.”
“Well, that’s helpful, isn’t it?” Kane said with another grin. 
“I never claimed to be a fighter,” said Peter defensively. “You know how to use them, though, and so does my dad, right?” 
“Well, if you brought one for me, then give it here,” said Kane, walking towards Peter and extending a hand. 
Peter hesitated again, though he wasn’t entirely sure why. I brought Kane along because I need the help, and because he knows how to fight, didn’t I? Reluctantly he un-strapped one of the machetes from his right shin and handed it to Kane, who took it and strapped it to his left arm. As he pulled back his sleeves, Peter could also see the glint of metal underneath Kane’s clothes. 
“You’re armed too!”
“Of course I’m armed. I told you I was waiting for you, didn’t I? Do you think I’d walk into the Fortress unprepared?”
“Well, give it back, then. You have enough weapons already,” said Peter, feeling vulnerable all of a sudden. A few of the tourists nearby were very obviously trying not to stare, and parents pulled their children back by their collars to keep them from venturing too near Peter and Kane.
Kane pointed to his left arm. “This, in your hands, is a liability. If you tried to use it, the penumbra would take it from you in about a second, and in the next second, they’d use it to slit your throat before you even knew what happened. You get me?” 
Peter wasn’t sure if he was more insulted or disturbed by the image. “Yeah, I get you,” he said, shaken.
“You give the other one to Bruce the second you get a chance, and don’t let the penumbra know you have it before then.”
“Fine!” he snapped defensively. “You ready or what?” 
Kane flashed him the same infuriating grin, but with a funny look in his eyes. “You have no idea.”
“All right then,” said Peter, steadying himself with a deep breath, and looked one last time at the world as he knew it. He consciously slowed his breathing, but his heart rate refused to cooperate. Then he opened his mouth and shouted. 
“SARGON!”
For a split second, Peter thought it hadn’t worked. The tourists turned to stare at him, and their penumbra looked alarmed. They abandoned their humans and moved toward Peter, as if they were trying to see if he’d really said what they thought he’d said. 
Then it happened. 
Peter thought he saw a ripple in the air beside and around him – and suddenly they were surrounded, so densely that in spite of the transparency of the creatures, he could not even make out the ruins on which he had been standing moments before. He and Kane instinctively retreated so that they stood back to back. The creature nearest him was enormous and gnarled like a tree, and it stood beside a leering face with dripping yellow fangs and hollow eyes, through which a skeletal hand protruded from robes of shadow, and hair of flame danced menacingly on the head of a siren beside it. 
“Which one is him?” Peter managed to hiss to Kane.
“None of them,” Kane replied, sounding tense now. “He has no body.” 
“What?” Peter demanded. “But I called his name –”
There was a sound somewhere between a hiss and a cough, and Peter realized halfway through the sentence that it was forming words – the gnarled tree-creature was speaking. 
“You called for Lord Sargon, and on Lord Sargon’s behalf we come,” it said.
“Why didn’t he come on his own behalf? I want to see him!” Peter demanded.
“He’s banned from our world, remember?” said Kane.
“He’s banned from possessing humans, but he’s still one of them –” Peter began.
“It’s him!” cried the hag with yellow fangs. “Peter Stewart!” 
The hag moved closer. Once satisfied with his identity, she snarled, “Kill him.”
“No! You know our orders,” hissed the tree-creature. “He belongs to Lord Sargon.”
 “He has my father,” Peter said, his voice growing more solid. “I want to make an exchange. My life for his.”
The hag gestured with its head in Kane’s direction. “What’s he doing here?” 
Peter swallowed. “He’s here to make sure my father and my friend get out alive.”
The entire company of them burst out laughing at this. “But of course, but of course!” said the siren when she had regained control of herself, still highly amused. She pushed to the front of the circle and reached one arm towards Peter. He recoiled but she still managed to grab hold of him. Without a moment’s hesitation, Kane fastened his fingers on the siren’s opposite forearm.
“Why… can I feel you?” Peter asked, but even as he said it, he could see the answer. From the moment her fingers made contact with his flesh, he saw the scenery change, but not with the jolt of arrival, as happened when traveling by wormhole. Rather, the meadow and the ruins seemed to dissolve, and he found the landscape rearranging itself as if by pixilation on a computer screen. Suddenly he was standing on a bank beside cool, still water. Peter wasn’t sure how he knew the water was cool, but if motion was the essence of heat, then this had to be the coldest water on earth. 
Of course – we’re not on earth. 
“Welcome,” said the siren exultantly, “to Avalon.”
Chapter 27

“This is the center passageway, isn’t it?” said Cole once they had finished checking the adjacent right and left hallways. “Which way goes back to where we left Pete?”
“This way,” said Lily, taking his shoulders and rotating him one hundred eighty degrees, once she had determined by groping which side of him was the front. “Think we should go after him? What’s taking him so long?” 
“I’m sure he’s just still looking,” said Cole confidently. “He’ll be here in a few minutes. He said he’d call if he found something, and Pete never lies.”
“If he never lies, what was that bit he told your mum about taking you to tell Isdemus what you saw?” 
She couldn’t see him in the darkness, but Lily could almost hear Cole’s face fall. “Oh.” He was silent for a minute. “I didn’t think about that.”
After a pause, Lily said slowly, “You don’t think... he didn’t know where the Commuter Station was before we started, did he?” 
“How could he?” Cole countered. “He’s only been down here once before, and we were with him.”
“Yeah, but we were far behind him and Kane the first time. We couldn’t hear everything they said.” When Cole didn’t answer, she added, getting angry, “Do you think he intentionally sent us the wrong way so he could go on alone?” 
“Why would he do that?” said Cole, sounding stung.
“To get rid of us! Isdemus said that Peter is the only one who can find the Fata Morgana, and Peter is the one the Shadow Lord wants – not his dad, not Brock, not any of us!” 
“Why would he want to get rid of us?” Cole demanded, sounding angry now. “He needs us if he’s going to have any chance at all!”
“To protect us,” said Lily, gritting her teeth, and swore. “That’s exactly what I was afraid he would do. That arrogant little... I never should have trusted him!” 
“It’s suicide to go alone!” Cole cried.
“It’s suicide either way. He said he didn’t expect to come back, but if he ever does come back, I’ll kill him myself!” She paced for a minute in the darkness, and then suddenly her voice took on a note of determination. “We have to go after him.” Without waiting for a reply, she flattened Cole against the wall so she could squeeze by him, (”Ow, geez! Careful!” he snapped), and then reached back and groped for Cole’s hand in the dark. When she found it, her fingers locked on like a vise. She dragged him forward across the main hall and into the corridor where Peter had disappeared, groping all the way until they came to the first door. She pulled it open, and they both blinked for several seconds before they registered the fact that it was the Armory. 
“Whoa!” Cole cried. “Look at this!” He reached out to grab the first weapon he could reach, which was the hilt of a gilded broadsword, easily weighing thirty pounds. 
Lily gasped. “Give me that!” she said, and tried to wrench it from him.
“Hey! Get your own!” Cole protested, and tried to pull it away, but it was too heavy to move quickly. 
Lily frowned. “Hmm. Too bulky. This oughtta do,” she said, and grabbed a samurai sword and its sheath, which she slung across her body. “Come on.” 
“Wait, I don’t know what to pick!” Cole protested, still holding the broadsword and looking overwhelmed by the other choices. 
“We can come back here later, but right now we have to stop Peter from leaving the castle. Without him, you and I won’t know where to go anyway, so it won’t matter if you’re armed or not!” Lily rounded towards the door on her heel and tossed her brown curls over her shoulder as she glared at Cole. “Are you coming?” 
Cole resentfully put the broadsword back where he found it and followed her into the hall. “Fine,” he muttered, but grabbed a small dagger and its holster as he went.
The next door they came to was the Commuter Station. It was empty.
“Is it possible he missed this door?” said Cole doubtfully. 
“It’s only the next one,” Lily muttered angrily. “What do you think he did, went all the way to the end and worked his way backwards?” 
Just then, there was a crack, and an enormous nimbus appeared, his muscular form glowing like that of a prototypical Greek god. When he saw Lily and Cole, he jumped.and then said sharply, “How did you get in here undetected?” Before they could answer, he added, “Where’s Peter? Is he with you?” 
“No,” they both said at once, and then before they could say more, the nimbus’s eyes moved toward the photo of the flat-topped pyramid. His face fell. 
“What is it?” Lily demanded. 
“There is… in the superstrings... lingering evidence of recent transport,” the nimbus said finally. 
“Evidence? What kind of evidence?” Lily demanded.
The creature took a deep breath and said, “You know how the penumbra pinpointed your location the night of the accident, from the disturbance in the superstrings?”
Cole and Lily stared at him blankly, and Cole said for both of them, “We have no idea what you just said.”
“In the outside world, everything goes according to expected laws, so when one disturbance occurs, every creature outside your universe knows about it right away. In Carlion, though, that happens all the time. So the nimbi… well, we basically ignore it.” He winced. “But Isdemus just sent me here to keep guard, and it looks like I’m too late. The traces are still here, like… like a ripple effect.”
“Are the ripples coming from that picture?” Cole asked anxiously, pointing at the photo of the ruins. “Can we go after him? What are we waiting for?” 
“If it was Peter, I’m certain he is already gone,” said the creature. “Wait here –” And he disappeared with another crack.
“Wait here?” said Cole indignantly. “Yeah, right, I’m waiting here!” He began to march toward the photo, but Lily grabbed his collar to stop him.
“He’s coming right back,” she said, “don’t be thick!”
Before Cole could retort, the dazzling creature reappeared with another crack, his flawlessly chiseled face crestfallen. 
“What? What?” Lily and Cole both demanded at once.
“There is no one there,” the nimbus reported, “but there are many people near the site of the disturbance who do not have penumbra.”
Lily looked shocked, but Cole said quickly, “So what does that mean?” 
“That’s unheard of,” said Lily, “unless they’re all Seers –”
“They can’t be, they did not notice me,” said the nimbus. “I can only think of one other explanation…”
“If Peter was there and they knew who he was, they’d be much more interested in him than in their hosts,” Lily finished, her expression full of dread. She recovered herself and tried to compensate by saying bossily, “That’s it, then. We have to go after him, but someone has to tell Isdemus what happened, don’t they?” Before they could answer, she cried, “Fides Dignus!” 
With another crack, the ugly little creature appeared, looking very put out.
“Someone please tell me,” he said, fluttering in the middle of the hall with a scowl on his face, “why I am always the messenger around here? Learn some other names, people!”
“Peter Stewart seems to have disappeared,” said the enormous glowing nimbus.
Fides Dignus stared at him for a moment blankly. Then he looked at Lily, who tried to look resolute but was simultaneously on the verge of tears, and Cole, who looked somewhere between angry and hurt. Then he repeated, just to be clear, “Gone as in…” and he pointed at the photos on the wall.
“It would appear that way,” said the other nimbus fretfully. “I will see if there are any clues to indicate where he is now, but in the meantime, the girl is right, someone has to inform Isdemus…”
“I get it, I get it,” said Fides Dignus, but his scowl had morphed into concern. “I’ll tell him.” He disappeared with another crack.
Cole pointed at the picture of the ruins. “Any idea where that is?”
The nimbus regarded it and said, “Oaxaca.”
“Bless you,” said Cole.
“No, Oaxaca,” said the creature. “It’s a city in Mexico.”
“All right, what are we waiting for?” said Lily, and began to move towards the picture, but the nimbus stepped in front to block her. “What are you doing?” she demanded. “There’s no time to lose!”
“I need to make something clear,” said the nimbus sternly. “You are only children. You are not going to the Fata Morgana. I will only allow you to come with me to try to determine where Peter went, and I’m only doing that much so I can keep an eye on you. Then I will send you back here and call for reinforcements.”
“Let’s not argue right now,” said Cole to Lily under his breath. “We can try to find a loophole later.” 
Lily narrowed her eyes at the nimbus, but he moved aside after he’d said his piece, giving her full access to the picture. She set her jaw and walked toward it deliberately. For an instant her body warped like a reflection in a funhouse mirror, and then she was gone. 
“All right, my turn,” said Cole bracingly, and walked toward the photo. Then suddenly he appeared on a grassy plain – on top of a hill – or no, on a platform –
“Where are we again? Gezundheit?” 
“Oaxaca,” corrected the nimbus, who suddenly appeared ephemeral, though his transparent form still shimmered even in full sunlight. “Monte Alban, to be exact. It’s a site of ancient Zapotec ruins.” 
“Zapotec? I thought it looked Aztec. What’s Zapotec?” Cole whispered to Lily.
“Nobody cares, Cole,” Lily whispered back.
The nimbus announced, “Come on – this way looks less crowded.” Cole and Lily followed the nimbus, not sure where he was headed. 
“He’s right. None of these people have penumbra!” Lily said to Cole in amazement. A few seconds later, she called out to the nimbus, “What’s your name, anyway?”
“Achen,” he called back. Then he gestured at Cole, who was standing nearest a gawking teenage girl, and said, “Ask her if she saw another boy who looks like you not too long ago.”
“Me? I don’t speak Spanish!” said Cole, forgetting that to the girl, he would look as if he were talking to himself.
“Here,” said Lily, and then she turned and said to the girl earnestly, in broken Spanish, “Estaba otro niño aquí como nosotros… um, hace como diez minutos?” 
Cole raised his eyebrows in amazement as the girl nodded at Lily.
“Si, estaban dos niños,” she said, “y aparecieron como fantasmas!”
“What’s she saying?” Cole demanded, as Lily’s face fell.
“She said yes, there were two boys, and they just appeared, like ghosts,” said Achen. “I think she means she saw them appear out of nowhere.”
Cole shot Achen a cross look. “Well, if you speak Spanish, you could’ve mentioned that.”
“I speak every language,” said Achen. “They all sound the same to me.”
“Who was the other boy though?” said Cole, perplexed.
“Guys!” Lily snapped, and turned back to the girl. “Y donde están los niños ahora, sabes?” 
The girl thought for a moment, vaguely, as if she were recalling a scene from a dream. “Pienso… que se fueron allá y se desaparecieron…” Then she shook her head as if that couldn’t be right.
“What? What?” said Cole anxiously.
Achen looked at Cole gravely and translated the only part that mattered. 
“We’re too late.”
Chapter 28

The entire company of penumbra vanished the moment Peter and Kane arrived, so they stood on the banks of the Lake of Avalon alone. The castle before them seemed like a dead version of the one Peter had seen in Mordred’s memory. Peter shivered, though he did not exactly feel cold. He would have thought he felt dead, if he hadn’t been so terrified at the same time. He gulped the air hungrily as if to assure himself that his lungs still worked. 
“It looks… like a tomb,” said Kane in a very odd voice. Peter glanced at him involuntarily; he sounded like he was trying not to sound scared, but doing a poor job of it. The thought gave Peter a fleeting sense of camaraderie.
“What’s wrong with the air?” Peter asked.
Kane inhaled. “It’s just thin. We’re halfway between their world and ours. Maybe some of our atmosphere bled into this place.”
“Good thing, I guess,” Peter muttered, “or else we’d suffocate before we ever got in there.” Neither of them moved for a moment, each waiting for the other to go first. Finally, Peter said, “How do you know this is a halfway point? How do you know we’re not still on earth, or else in their world entirely?”
“Because that’s not how it works,” said Kane, reluctantly taking a few steps towards the precipitous bridge over the forbidding water. “Avalon used to be on earth. Anything that starts out in our world can never fully belong to theirs, and vice versa.”
“So what is this place, like purgatory?” Peter asked, purposely dragging his feet as he followed Kane.
“If you believe in that stuff.” Kane turned around and flashed him what Peter was sure was meant to be an arrogant smile, but it came out looking more like a grimace. 
“At this point, I’m not sure there’s anything I don’t believe in,” said Peter. Then he looked down when he got to the place where the bridge met the marshlands, and he cried out involuntarily. “My feet!” 
“Yeah, I know,” said Kane.
“They’re transparent!” Peter added unnecessarily. 
“Halfway point, remember?” 
“What will that mean when we get inside?” Peter asked anxiously. “Will our weapons even do any good?” 
“It’s possible that they can kill us and we can kill them. It’s also possible that we’ll each be invulnerable to the other. Could go either way, really.”
“Or some weird combination of both,” Peter murmured. “Maybe that’s why there’s hardly any air here, but somehow I don’t feel lightheaded. Maybe our lungs don’t need it as much because they’re only partially here.” Then he shook his head and added, more to himself than to Kane, “That makes no sense at all.”
Kane gave a short, humorless laugh and stepped onto the bridge. “You never stop, do you?”
“I can’t,” said Peter, understanding what he meant. People were always telling him he thought too much. “Thinking calms me down.”
Kane rolled his eyes, though Peter could not see him do it. “That was supposed to be rhetorical, you moron.”
Peter stared at Kane’s back. “Are you even scared?” he demanded. 
Kane hesitated. Then he said, “We’re about to meet the Shadow Lord face to face. Of course I’m scared.”
Peter was silent in his turn. Then he said sincerely, “Thanks for coming with me.”
Kane didn’t reply. 
Then they stopped talking. Crossing the bridge required all their concentration. Peter wasn’t sure why, but he knew falling into that water would be very, very bad.
“Why aren’t the penumbra here?” Peter asked finally. “Why did they just disappear when we arrived?”
Out of the top of his vision as Peter continued to watch his feet, he saw Kane shrug his shoulders. “Why bother escorting us? They know we’re not going anywhere. Where could we go?”
Peter felt a sinking sensation in his stomach as the idea hit him for the first time. Where could they go? Once they rescued Bruce and Brock, how were they going to get back to earth when they didn’t even know where it was? 
Suddenly Peter remembered how Mrs. Jefferson had found Carlion again, and felt an almost overwhelming wave of relief. “We can call for help!” he exclaimed. Then he bellowed with all his might, “FIDES DIGNUS!” But the sound of his shout fell flat, and he did not hear the corresponding crack that he had anticipated. In fact, nothing happened at all. 
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Kane. “The nimbi can’t find this place any more than the penumbra can find Carlion.”
Peter’s heart sank. “Why not? I thought the whole reason we couldn’t say the Shadow Lord’s name in Carlion is because we didn’t want him to be able to find it.” 
“Yeah, well, Carlion is on earth, isn’t it? And we’re not. Not exactly, anyway.”
“Fides Dignus said speaking a name creates a disturbance in the superstrings, just like breaking the laws of physics does, and they can follow the disturbance to its source –”
“Only if we’re in the same universe,” said Kane. They were almost at the entrance of the castle now, and his breath was coming faster, his voice higher. “Here, calling them would be just like if you shouted my name, but I was too far away to hear it.” He stopped, and sucked in air like it was his last breath, fingers flying automatically to the place where his clothes concealed the machete. “Face it, Peter. We’re on our own.”

The portcullis of the Fata Morgana gaped wide. From a distance, it looked as if the inside was black as pitch, but now that they stood outside of it, Peter could see the faint glow emanating from within. For the first time, he wondered by what light he was able to see the marsh, the bridge, the water, and the castle. Is the light coming from their world or ours?
“Wait a minute,” he said to Kane anxiously. “What are we going to do when we get in there?”
“Well,” said Kane, flashing him another grin of false bravado, “considering we have no idea what we’ll find in there… we’ll improvise.”
“Improvise,” Peter repeated incredulously. Before he could say anything else, Kane had disappeared, and Peter had no choice but to follow.
What he saw inside left him breathless. 
They were not in a castle at all. It was as if they had passed through a portal into another world, only Peter knew they hadn’t because by now he knew what portals felt like. There had been no hook, no dragging sensation – he had simply crossed a threshold, and suddenly found himself… lost at sea. The bridge burst into a labyrinth upon the surface of the water, but the same water and the same labyrinth expanded laterally around and above them, as if they were enclosed in an underwater sphere. Is there no gravity here? he thought desperately, and then said aloud, “How is this possible?”
Then he heard a sound that made his heart stop. 
“Peter?” 
He did not immediately see the speaker, but he would know that voice anywhere. It was Bruce.
“Dad!” he cried, locating him at last. Then he added, “Brock!” when he saw him standing beside Bruce. Something about the fact that they were standing still and made no attempt to move toward him struck Peter as odd, but he didn’t have time to consider it. He kept one eye on the gossamer footbridge below him, but moved towards them as quickly as he could. 
 “Peter, no, turn around!” cried Bruce, and leaned forward. He spread his palms as if pressing against a pane of glass… only there was no glass. 
Peter was confused. Why aren’t they moving? It seemed all wrong somehow.
As Peter ran towards them, Bruce shouted all the more frantically, “No, take Kane and get out! This is exactly what he wants!”
“Eyes on the water!” Brock shouted, and then immediately followed it with “Leathnú cloch!” Peter looked down again not a moment too soon. Another step and he would have run right off the edge – but where he nearly fell, suddenly new stones appeared at Brock’s command, paving his way ahead directly towards Bruce and Brock. Peter stopped for a moment as his heart flew to his throat, and then redirected his course, not bothering to wonder where the new ground was coming from and ignoring his dad’s shouts and pleas with him to head in the opposite direction.
When he got close, he opened his arms to embrace his father, and Bruce suddenly changed what he was shouting. “No, stop, you’re going to –”
Peter felt something smash into his face. 
He fell backwards, seeing stars, and Bruce finished, “– run into the forcefield.”
“Forcefield?” Peter winced breathlessly, suddenly understanding what had not made sense a moment before. He looked back at his dad, and reached out a hand tentatively to touch the edges of the forcefield as if he expected to be electrocuted. It felt like a solid wall. “You’re trapped?” 
“Peter, listen to me,” said Bruce, making a valiant effort to sound coherent. “The whole point of kidnapping us was to get to you. Listen to me!” Peter looked up sharply at the urgency in his father’s voice. “This is big, Peter. Bigger than me, bigger than Brock, bigger even than you. Our individual lives do not matter, but you two must stay alive!”
“Dad, it’s not me,” Peter shook his head. “I know all of you think it is, but it’s not me, it’s Lily! Just trust me on this!”
“They will kill you both!” Bruce cried. “Do you understand that?”
Peter felt something tremble deep inside of him at his father’s words. He had no idea how to respond, so he did the only thing he could do: he ignored them. “Kane!” he shouted without looking over his shoulder, purposely distracting himself from Bruce’s intense gaze by pressing his hands all around the forcefield, looking for the place where it was vulnerable. “Little help here?”
“What’s he doing here?” said Brock in an odd tone. “Why is he staring at the water like that?” 
“Is he?” said Peter distractedly.
“Yeah. He’s… speaking to it,” said Brock, perplexed. “I think he’s speaking the Ancient Tongue.” Peter looked up, startled at first to hear Brock referring to the Ancient Tongue. Then he remembered that Brock had been the one speaking when the stones suddenly appeared beneath his feet. Brock continued with a frown, “I thought Kane had the gift of air, not water…”
“He does,” said Peter. “I don’t know what he’s doing. Maybe he’s trying to find a way out of here.”
“Peter, please,” Bruce begged, “Take Kane and run!”
Peter wished desperately that he would stop saying that. He couldn’t think about it. He just couldn’t. He ignored Bruce on purpose and said to Brock, “Any idea what the forcefield is made of?” 
“Your dad said this whole place is made of something called… dark matter?”
Peter paused and gaped for a second, and then looked at his dad for confirmation. Bruce was rocking back and forth with anxiety, whimpering, “Run, please run…”
“That makes sense…” Peter murmured, trying to ignore all the emotions competing for his attention, and thinking fast. “The penumbra are in a different dimension. Seventy three percent of the matter of the universe is unaccounted for, and most people can’t see the penumbra in our world… so of course, what else would they be?” After Peter had assimilated the information, he turned to his dad and said, “Is that helpful?” 
“Your dad can create light particles,” said Brock, “so –”
“– if this place is made of dark matter, then that means photons here will behave essentially like antimatter!” Peter finished, looking at his dad in amazement.
“Er, right,” said Brock, looking a little confused. “Your dad thinks that means he can blow this place to bits.”
“Trouble is he’d blow us with it,” Peter murmured, thinking hard, “so we have to get out first. Which brings us back to the issue of the forcefield. Dad,” he said, more sharply than he had intended, but just below the threshold of yelling, “I’m not going anywhere, so you might as well help. If this whole place is made of dark matter, what does that mean about the forcefield? Is it dark matter too?” 
Bruce stopped rocking and took a deep breath, trying to steady himself enough to focus. “Has to be,” he said at last. “It blew up when it came in contact with a photon I created.” 
“There’s light coming from every direction, though,” Peter said, indicating the soft glow all around that seemed to come from nowhere in particular. “Why isn’t that enough to destroy the whole castle?”
Bruce shook his head to clear it. “That light… it’s not really here, I don’t think. I know we can see it, but it’s not here in the same way that the penumbra aren’t really in our world, even though we can see them. Most people can’t, though. Does that make sense?”
“Sort of,” Peter frowned, thinking of the thin air and his half transparent lungs. “Okay, then, do you think you can blow a door in the forcefield big enough for you guys to get out?” 
“I’ve never made that many photons at once before…” Bruce murmured anxiously. Then he stopped, and with a determined expression on his face, he sat down cross-legged in a lotus position with his first two fingers pressed against the thumb of each hand, and closed his eyes.
Brock looked at Bruce incredulously and then back at Peter. “Is he seriously doing yoga right now?”
“Shh,” said Peter, remembering their conversation over dinner one night, about how meditation could increase the number of photons his dad could speak into existence at a given time. It felt as if that conversation had taken place in another life. 
Suddenly Bruce moved his hands out in front of him, and a tiny ray of illumination sprung from his palms, which erupted several feet away in a blinding flash of light. Bruce recoiled from the backlash, sprawled at Brock’s feet.
Peter immediately moved to the spot where the flash had been, and flattened his hand against it, but his face fell when he realized the hole was only large enough to insert two fingers into the forcefield. Bruce had probably just conjured millions of photons at once, and under ordinary circumstances that feat would have been remarkable. But here, it wasn’t enough. “It’s no use!” said Peter. “There’s got to be another way!” 
Then a voice cut through the stillness of the fortress. 
“Pe-ter.” 
It was sing-song and whimsical, which made it all the more ominous.
“Kane?” 
Peter turned in his direction, hoping it had been him. But Kane had also stood erect at the sound of the eerie voice, his muscles tense and poised for action. In a flash, Kane held a machete in one hand and a scimitar in the other. 
“He’s here!” Bruce hissed.
Suddenly they heard the creaking of metal. Before Peter could register what was happening, the portcullis slammed shut with the force of a guillotine, and then it seemed to disappear from existence altogether, swallowed in the endless sea. 
Then, the soft glow of distant illumination went out, as if obscured by a shadow. 
“Get away from the water!” Bruce cried shrilly. 
“I can’t, there’s water everywhere!” Peter shouted back, but he fell backwards and pressed the weight of his body against the forcefield, bicycling his feet against the precarious stones of the floor as if he might be able to force his body inside its protective sphere. 
All at once, though he could not see them, Peter could feel the sudden density of penumbra in the room, but they did not move to attack. Instead, their presence seemed to tingle with an electric sense of anticipation. He could almost feel their ice-cold breath on the back of his neck. 
Suddenly laughter sounded in the room, high and cold. The profound lack of an echo combined with the pitch darkness made it feel as if Peter had been buried alive with the sound, like there was nothing left in existence but him and that voice. 
Very slowly, Peter could see again. The illumination was backwards somehow, like the negative of a photograph. Then there was an image – thousands of them, all below, around, and above them, closer and fading infinitely into the distant darkness beyond. They were all images of the same face, like a recursive reflection. It was dead, bloodless, disembodied – but unmistakably human. 
Peter’s voice choked in his throat. He had never seen it before, and yet somehow he knew that face. He felt as if he had known it all his life. 
“Sargon.”
Chapter 29

Lily and Cole burst out the door of the Commuter Station into the main halls. There was no reason to creep along inside the secret passageway now. 
Achen was much taller and faster than they were, and he led the way through the corridors, as Lily and Cole took the stairs two at a time up to the main hallway of the castle.
“Do we know where he is?” Lily demanded. She did not need to specify that she meant Isdemus.
“Here,” came a voice just as they rounded a corner, and they all stopped short. 
Isdemus wore robes that seemed to be made of quicksilver, as if he were dressed in moonbeams. He grasped his walking stick so tightly that his knuckles were white – it appeared he had only just returned to the castle himself. Dan, Sully, and Jael were behind him. All of them looked worried. 
“Fides Dignus just told us what happened,” said Sully to Achen. “Did you find where Peter went?” 
“To Oaxaca, Mexico, but they were already gone by the time we arrived,” said Achen. 
“There was somebody else with him, too,” Lily added, and she told the company what she had learned from the teenage girl at Monte Alban. 
“It was Kane,” said Jael immediately, sounding sick. She and Dan exchanged a knowing look. “It had to be.”
“Why Kane?” said Cole, sounding confused. “Even if it was Kane, that would be good news, right? That way Pete wouldn’t be alone?” 
The Watchers ignored the question, and Dan pulled a leather pouch out of the pocket of his trousers with a significant look in Isdemus’s direction. He withdrew a silver coin from the pouch, rubbed it and dropped it back inside, keeping his hands wrapped firmly around the leather as if he were waiting for something to happen. 
“Don’t bother,” said Jael. “The last thing Kane will want to do is tell us their location. Not until he gets what he wants.”
“Can somebody please tell us what’s going on?” Lily demanded. “Why do you think Kane is with Peter, and why wouldn’t he want to call for help?”
“We don’t have time to explain right now,” said Isdemus. Returning Dan’s significant expression, he pulled a tuppence coin from the folds of his own robes, identical to the one he had given Peter. He dropped it on the carpet in front of them, and Dan kicked it off the fabric, so that it lay flat against the cold stones.	
“Don’t want anything catching fire,” Dan explained to no one in particular.
Cole balled his fists at his sides and Lily said mutinously, “I think they’re torturing us on purpose.” 
Isdemus turned to Achen. “Round up whoever you can,” he said. 
Achen bowed slightly and disappeared with a crack. 
Then Isdemus turned to Lily and Cole, as if he had not heard Cole’s previous comment. “We won’t have long before Peter calls for help, so you must pay very close attention to what I’m about to teach you. All our lives may depend on it.”
Lily’s mouth fell open and she followed Isdemus’s gaze to the coin. “You mean somehow Peter can use that coin –”
“Shh, don’t interrupt him,” said Jael crossly, and folded her arms across her chest.
Isdemus opened one palm towards Sully. “Your dagger, please.”
Without hesitation, Sully withdrew a shiny silver dagger, marked with Celtic engravings. Isdemus took it by the hilt, and before anyone could stop him, he sliced a long gash in his own forearm. Lily let out a small yelp and plastered both hands over her mouth automatically. Cole also cried out. Even Dan and Jael looked surprised.
“Now,” said Isdemus, “Cole.”
“What?” Cole said, startled, watching bright red blood gush from the wound.
“Repeat after me,” he said. “Stad fola.”
“What?” Cole stammered, “I don’t understand what you want me to –”
“Stad fola,” Isdemus repeated patiently, his gaze never leaving Cole’s face.
“Say it, for Heaven’s sake!” Jael snapped.
“Stad fola!” Cole cried.
“Don’t look at my face when you say it, look at the wound,” said Isdemus. “Stad fola.”
“Stad fola! Stad fola!” He sounded almost hysterical, but he stopped and began to breathe normally when he saw the blood congeal before his eyes, and a clot formed almost instantly. Suddenly the fear melted away, and Cole looked up at Isdemus’s face in wide-eyed wonder. “Wow…” Then he added, almost timidly, “Did I do that?” 
“Yes, you did.” Isdemus smiled at him, but his expression was still tense, his eyes darting in the direction of the coin on the floor every few seconds. It was still stone cold. “Now for the rest of the way: leigheas craiceann.”
Cole’s mouth fell open, and Isdemus repeated it several more times before he could even attempt the words. “Leg-hees… cray-ce-ann…” After several false starts, Cole’s face fell and he said, “Forget it, I can’t do it…”
“We can’t forget it because our leader is wounded, so you’d better heal him before we attempt a rescue mission!” Jael snapped. 
“Jael,” Dan muttered under his breath reproachfully. “Give him a break, he’s just a kid…” 
“I am not a kid!” Cole bristled, “I can do this!” Then he took a deep breath and uttered, “Leigheas craiceann!”
Instantly the scab on Isdemus’s forearm evaporated and in its place blossomed pink new flesh like a baby’s bottom, contrasting strangely with the wrinkles surrounding it.
“Look at that!” Cole cried, and elbowed Lily, eager for approval. “Did you see that?” 
“I saw,” she said, swallowing hard. “Good job.” 
“Now remember those words,” said Isdemus to Cole sternly. “Repeat them in your head over and over until you could say them in your sleep. Tune out everything else. If you can’t remember the rest, at least remember the word leigheas. It means heal in the Ancient Tongue, and when we get to the Fata Morgana, I guarantee some of us are going to need that skill. Do you understand?” 
Cole’s eyes widened and he nodded so hard he nearly gave himself whiplash. “Yes, sir!” Then he closed his eyes and began to mutter, “Leigheas, leigheas…”
“Now,” Isdemus turned to Lily. Then he pointed at the coin, which still lay cold at their feet. “You have used your gift before at least once, but I doubt you remember.”
Lily stared at him, confused. “When?”
“The night of your parents’ murders. The robbers never saw you even though you were standing in plain view. Do you remember?”
“Of course I remember!” Lily cried, shocked, “but they didn’t see me because there was a nimbus blocking me! I’ll never forget, he looked like a faun...”
“Remember, Miss Portman,” said Isdemus, “the nimbi are either invisible or else they take a physical form and they glow, which as you all know is quite shocking. Those robbers, however, did not see anything.”
Her mouth fell open. “So what –”
“You must have spoken the Ancient Tongue, and that is how you protected yourself.”
“So you did what Pete did, Lily!” Cole cried. “You spoke the Ancient Tongue before you ever knew how!”
Lily gaped at Isdemus. “What did I say?” 
“You probably said something very similar to what I am about to teach you. Repeat after me: maighnéad chruthú ó bhoinn.”
“You’ve got to be kidding.” She jerked a finger in Cole’s direction and said accusingly, “His was a lot easier than that! You’re telling me I said that when I was six?” 
Isdemus regarded her patiently. “I do not choose the gifts. I merely recognize them.”
“What am I trying to do, anyway?” 
“Create an electromagnetic field around the coin,” he replied. “Essentially you are going to turn it into a magnet.”
“What good is a magnet going to do…”
Jael opened her mouth to snap at Lily that she was being insubordinate, but Dan put a hand on her arm to stop her. Then he said to Lily in a much gentler tone than she would have used, “If Isdemus says it’ll help, it’ll help. Trust him.”
Lily shot Dan a reproachful look, but took a deep breath and turned toward the coin, closing her eyes. “Fine,” she said.
“Eyes open,” said Isdemus gently. “Focus on your target.”
She opened her eyes again and said perfectly on the first try, “Maighnéad chruthú ó bhoinn.” Instantly the coin flew into her hand with such force that she actually said, “Ow!” She started to try to pry it off, and then said more earnestly, “No really, ow… OW!”
Isdemus cried in a tone of ringing authority, “Réimse scaoileadh!” The coin fell from Lily’s palm not a moment too soon. It was glowing white-hot. 
“Wait, what’s happening?” Cole demanded, pointing at the coin as Lily rubbed her palm and winced.
“Peter’s calling for help,” said Dan with relief, as if he almost hadn’t expected it until that moment. 
 “Now I know where he is, too,” said Sully, stepping forward as one by one the Watchers laid hands on his shoulders and arms, or whatever part of him they could reach. “Everybody ready?” 
“Wait,” said Isdemus. “Achen!” 
There were three cracks in a row like a car backfiring, and Achen appeared with one of the nimbi the teens had seen guarding the gate to Carlion, the one called Bellator, and the lithe elvin creature called Verum. 
“Excellent,” said Isdemus. “Can you three get a reading on that location?” he said, pointing at the coin.
“Of course,” said Achen, and they disappeared with three more cracks, as quickly as they had come.
“What’s happening?” Cole hissed to Lily, who shrugged at him, wide-eyed, and grabbed onto Sully’s sleeve, since that seemed to be the thing to do. 
“We’re as ready as we’ll ever be,” Jael said for everyone.
“Then here we go,” said Sully. 
With a lurch, the castle disappeared.

***

Peter had never been so terrified in his life. It was as if his brain had stopped communicating with the rest of his body. He could not move. 
On either side of Peter, the penumbra took a step back. He had barely noticed that they had been standing so close in the first place. 
“So this is the famous Child of the Prophecy?” Sargon’s words were like shards of glass, cutting through the silence. Despite the distortion, Peter could still hear his disdain. “You are Peter Stewart?”
Peter could not find his voice to answer.
“Say something!” Brock managed to croak.
In lieu of a reply, Peter stood up, willing his knees to support him. 
“There has been a mistake,” Sargon said, not to Peter, but to the penumbra. “I expected a warrior. You have brought me a child.”
“It is him, your lordship,” wheezed a troll near Peter. “You must see the resemblance to Arthur Pendragon –”
“He is unworthy of such attention,” said Sargon dismissively. “Kill him.”
Bruce shouted something that Peter didn’t register, just as three of the penumbra began to close in on him. 
Peter cried, “Wait!” Then he looked back at Bruce and Brock, and started babbling, hardly knowing what he was saying. “It was me. I… collapsed the wave function! I reversed entropy, I stopped time… I broke the rules! So I have to be the Child of the Prophecy, because Isdemus says nobody has done that since the dawn of time, and I don’t know what that means, but he seemed to think it was significant…”
The penumbra froze, watching their lord’s reaction to this revelation in order to determine their next move. 
“Peter!” Bruce moaned, “What are you doing?” 
“Isdemus?” said Sargon, mildly interested now. “Who is Isdemus?”
“He’s the head of the Watchers! I heard the prophecy and it... it has to be me, because I’m the only descendent of Arthur in the right generation, born under the sign of the Taijitu –”
“Peter, shut up!” Bruce cried, and began to look around the forcefield wildly for some means of escape.
“You have to let them go,” Peter plunged on, “It’s me you want! And here I am!”
“Allow your enemy to walk away, and he may live to kill you another day,” Sargon recited in a sing-song tone, a smile spreading across his bloodless face. “Oh, no, Peter. No one will escape tonight.”
Peter thought wildly and seized upon the first idea that popped into his head. “But you need witnesses!” he cried. “You want some surviving witnesses to your victory over the Child of the Prophecy, don’t you? You can kill me, but let them escape to tell the Watchers they’ve lost their champion…”
Beside him, Bruce had waited long enough. He suddenly bellowed, “Chruthú fótóns!” 
Involuntarily Peter turned at the subsequent flash of light, which was much larger this time than the previous. In the sudden burst of illumination, he could see that his dad’s arms were outstretched upward this time, and he lay sprawled on his back from the impact. 
“Kill them all!” Sargon ordered.
For a split second, Peter saw Kane begin to fight furiously with the penumbra that surrounded him. Then Peter felt himself slam to the ground. He looked up into the ruby red eyes of a penumbra with fangs like daggers, which he saw for only an instant before the creature sank them into Peter’s flesh.
He almost went blind with the pain, but could barely localize it – it seemed to rip across his body and into his brain, so dulling his senses that it took him several seconds to recognize the deafening sound at close range, and several more to realize that it was the sound of his own scream.
From a distance as if across a chasm, he heard Bruce shout again, “Chruthú fótóns!” and there was an explosion. It was a flash of light, but it also sounded like shattering glass. He felt as if the penumbra on top of him was peeling his muscles from his bones. When his vision snapped back into focus again, through the searing pain he slowly began to register what he saw.
Shards of mirrors. Mirrors? 
Suddenly it made sense in the dull recesses of Peter’s mind: the strange sense of infinity inside the walls of the castle, Sargon’s reflection diminishing recursively, appearing everywhere...
The castle was made of mirrors. 
Shards of mirrors, falling. From the sky. He watched them, glittering like icicles. They were silver. So pretty. Thousands of silver daggers, plunging down. 
The thought gave Peter a jolt. His eyes lolled to the side and he saw Bruce lying unconscious beneath the hole he had blown in the top of the forcefield a moment before, through which he had projected his stream of photons at the mirrors up above. The silver daggers screamed towards his prone body, even as the crystalline voice all around them shouted orders and the fanged creature stopped peeling Peter’s flesh from his body to look in horror at his own approaching demise.
Before he knew what was happening, Peter was shouting something. He didn’t know what.
“Stad!”
Then it was over.
He was surrounded by green, green grass, greener than emeralds, in a glade surrounded by uncannily still trees. The pool stood in the middle, waiting for him, projecting a rainbow of colors. Peter felt compelled towards them, and the images blossomed into view as he approached. 
They contrasted starkly with the peaceful meadow. In each image, his own body was unrecognizable. He could hardly tell which damage had been inflicted by the penumbra lying dead on top of his own corpse, and which had been impaled by the thousands of tiny mirrored daggers. A stream of filtered light came through where the roof had been. He could identify Bruce, Brock, and Kane only by their positions in the fortress. Otherwise, they were mutilated beyond recognition. 
Peter ran frantically towards the next image, and the next. He skipped the infinite variations between orange and yellow, yellow and green, green and blue entirely, knowing that the color he wanted would be at the end, the unlikeliest of all…
There it was, so pale a shade of lavender that it was almost not there. In it, there was no hole in the castle roof, no filtered light from the world beyond – all was mirror, all reflected Sargon’s face. His dad was still flat on his back, but conscious. Brock cowered, but remained in one piece. Kane fought with the three penumbra nearest him, on his feet. Peter was still a bloody mess, completely helpless beneath the creature that feasted on his flesh. He vaguely remembered the pain, but he felt strangely detached from his body in this place, as if it were no more an essential part of him than the clothes he wore. 
He traversed the distance from the emerald green grass to the pool from which the rainbow emanated in one long stride, found the place from which the pale lavender image emanated, and dove in.
Then he was screaming again.
Chapter 30

Peter had never been in so much pain in all his life. Somewhere in the back of his consciousness he registered the fact that the shards of glass had reversed their descent, and returned to the roof of the strange structure, where they had been before. He saw movement in his periphery and knew that his dad had sat up to watch in wonder. 
With a great effort, Peter moved his good arm and grappled uselessly with the penumbra on top of him, but he knew he was much too weak to stand a chance against it. Unable even to get a grasp, his hand fell limp by the waistband of his trousers, where it came to rest on the outside of one of his pockets. Beneath it, his fingers closed upon a bulky, irregular shape… 
The pouch!
The words came through his muddled thoughts with a strange clarity, like a ray of hope. With what felt like an almost heroic surge of strength, Peter managed to move his good arm just enough to plunge his fingers into his pocket, and inside the leather pouch. His fingers felt clumsy and awkward, but with an effort, he eventually managed to clutch the coin inside the pouch between his forefinger and thumb, and slid one over the other feebly. The coin responded to his touch almost instantly, growing hotter than the inside of a furnace. He opened his mouth in a different kind of scream, this time high-pitched and sharp, as the heat scalded the fingerprints off the pads of his fingers.
Somewhere through the sound of his own agonized voice, Peter heard a crack, then another, and another. With each one, the room brightened with a dazzling radiance – not like the ethereal light from before, but rather like somebody had just turned on a lamp in an otherwise darkened room. With a rush of elation, Peter knew with certainty that a glow like that could only have come from one source: the nimbi.
“Achen!” Peter heard Bruce cry out in a voice that nearly broke with relief. “Bellator! Verum!”
Another second later, clinging to the stone of the walkway by his shredded fingernails, Peter saw his vision swim over the most welcome sight he could possibly have hoped for: Isdemus. His silver robes caught the light reflected from the nimbi, and he seemed to shimmer with power. A small crowd of people surrounded him, but Peter did not see them.
“Isdemus!” he croaked, like a plea. 
Isdemus returned his gaze, but what he said was, “Cole! Hurry!” 
Peter’s eyes flickered towards the terrified face of his best friend, seeing him for the first time. A nimbus ran in front of Cole towards Peter: he was an impossibly thin creature who swung a weapon that looked like it was made entirely of light, mowing down the penumbra and sending them into watery abyss below. Bellator, Peter thought vaguely, remembering the sentry from outside of Carlion. Cole moved as quickly as he could across the gossamer walkway in the wake left by Bellator. Finally, Bellator reached Peter and pulled the fanged creature off of him by the scruff of the neck, and flung it into the water with one arm. 
In the next second, Cole knelt beside him, breathing in short, labored gasps. “Pete!” he said frantically. “Okay, hold on, I know this! Um, um…” He willed himself to remember the words he had committed to memory. “Leigheas!”
The first thing Peter noticed was that his consciousness became clearer, though his muscles still burned furiously. Cole continued to repeat the same word over and over, and as he said it, Peter’s pain receded, replaced by prickling tingles and numbness left over from the sensory overload. Peter sat up at last, tentatively clutching his fist and releasing it again, tracing the new flesh over his biceps.
“Cole!” he exclaimed in wonder, intending to say thank you. When he looked into his friend’s face, though, he saw that he was white as death. “Cole!” he said again, but this time in alarm. 
Cole grunted in reply, unable to speak. His eyes shone unblinking up at Peter.
“Cole, you idiot! You didn’t have to heal me all the way. That was too much for you!”
“No time for that now,” said Bellator gruffly. “Get behind me, both of you.”
Peter pushed Cole behind himself as Bellator defended them expertly, but there were too many of the penumbra, and Bellator could only protect them on one side. 
That was when Peter remembered the machete. He also remembered Kane’s warning, should he produce the machete without the corresponding expertise required to use it… but at the moment, he had no choice. Peter stood with his back to Bellator, Cole sandwiched between them, and he whipped the large knife from his shin, swinging it wildly out in front of him and hoping he looked like he knew what he was doing. Fortunately the penumbra kept just out of range, so that Peter struck only air. 
Out of the corner of his eye, Peter could see that Brock and Bruce were still imprisoned. 
“You fools!” cried Sargon’s harsh voice to the penumbra, “Are you or are you not shape-shifters? Morph!”
Peter could no longer divide his attention after that: the humanoid penumbra he held at bay with his awkward swings suddenly sprouted talons, feathers, and wings. It flew off the precarious walkway and began to swoop down on him from above, while the hag behind it lunged towards him. Her arms suddenly extended and hardened: to Peter’s horror, she now wielded a pair of swords rather than arms. The metal of her arms made contact with the metal of Peter’s machete, while the hawk-like creature from above dove at his head.
“Peter, duck!” shouted Bellator, and took out the hawk creature with a swinging ball of light. With a flash, the creature vanished from existence. In the split second while the hag with dual sword arms paused to glance at the air where her companion had been, Peter lunged forward and sank his machete into her abdomen. He couldn’t pull it out again until she fell to the ground, and then he pried it off, leveraging her body against his foot. Then he kicked her corpse into the water.
In his brief moment of reprieve, he glanced automatically towards Bruce and Brock. Then he saw Kane and Lily racing towards them, Kane acting as Lily’s shield from the onslaught of penumbra that beset them on every side. As he ran, Kane spoke fluently, and mini-cyclones threw the creatures off balance, casting them into the water before they got close enough to attack. Behind him, Lily expertly swung a sword overhead, protecting herself from the penumbra with wings. Meanwhile, neither Kane nor Lily bothered to pay attention to where they stepped, because the ground beneath their feet sprung up from nowhere a second before they landed on it, under the steady stream of Brock’s words. Suddenly both Kane and Lily collided with the forcefield, buffered by their hands, and immediately they spun around to keep fighting.
“I can’t hold them all off!” Kane shouted to Isdemus in between commands in the Ancient Tongue and corresponding cyclones. “We need some help!” 
Isdemus remained at the front of the castle near where the portcullis had been, with Jael. Jael took over Isdemus’s fight as well as her own, giving him enough spare attention to bellow, “Balla dóiteáin!” 
Peter cried out. In the next second, where Kane, Lily, Bruce, and Brock had been, there was only a dome of fire. It looked as if they had been consumed.
Bellator, still engaged in hand-to-hand combat with a shape shifter, shouted over his shoulder to Peter, “They’re fine! Don’t worry!”
Inside the dome of fire, Lily also screamed, startled. “What’s happening?” 
It was Bruce who answered. “Isdemus,” he said, indicating the flames. “I don’t know what he thinks it’s going to accomplish, other than buying us another few minutes –”
“Lily says she has the gift of electromagnetism,” Kane cut him off, and sudden understanding dawned on Bruce’s face, followed quickly by the glow of hope.
“What does that mean?” Brock demanded, looking from Bruce to Lily and back again.
“It means she can reverse the polarity of the forcefield by applying an electric field to the particles!” Bruce exclaimed, and then nodded at Lily encouragingly. “Go on!”
Lily looked positively terrified. “Isdemus only taught me one phrase before we left! That’s all we had time for!”
Bruce kept nodding, unperturbed. “Just do what you can. I’ll help you if you need it! I may not be able to use all the gifts, but I know the words for most of them…”
She bit her lip and plastered both hands on the wall she couldn’t see, concentrating hard. Then she commanded, “Chruthú maighnéad!”
Bruce tested the wall, but it held solid, and he shook his head. “No good. That means ‘create magnet,’ and there’s nothing here to magnetize. You have to make an electric field by itself in this case, because then the particles in the forcefield will spontaneously rearrange to line up with the field you create –”
“JUST TELL HER WHAT TO SAY!” Brock shouted.
Startled, Bruce looked back at Lily and said obediently, “Try leictreach reatha!”
Lily nodded once and repeated perfectly, with ringing authority, “Leictreach reatha!”
Bruce, whose weight had been pressed against the wall of the forcefield a second before, lost his balance and fell to his knees. When he had scrambled back to his feet, he cried to Lily appreciatively, “You’re a natural!” 
She smiled at him weakly, and then made eye contact with Brock. “You all right?” 
“Sure,” he said, trying to smile back. He took a step forward to hug her and then changed his mind.
“All right, Isdemus, let us out!” Kane shouted, and instantly the fire receded into the ground. 
“Bruce, think fast,” said Kane, unstrapping the extra machete Peter had given him. Bruce caught it one-handed, and instinctively moved so that Brock and Lily were sandwiched between them.
“I should be in front so I can blaze the trail!” Brock protested.
“Me too, I can mow ‘em down while Brock creates the floor!” Lily added, brandishing her samurai sword.
“You should both be in the middle so you don’t die. You’re not Watchers, remember?” Kane shot back, slashing to either side with his scimitar. He struck an enormous black reptilian creature that looked something like a bat, and it fell into the water, dead. 
Brock elbowed Kane out of the way anyway, and before Kane could protest, Brock shouted, “Leathnú cloch!” Instead of plunging straight ahead towards the awaiting penumbra in front of them, as Kane would have done, Brock created an unopposed path to the side. Lily joined Brock at the point of their group and held her own as they were attacked from above, and Brock forced the group instead towards Cole, Peter, and Bellator. 
As the two groups converged, battles raged around the periphery of the fortress. Sully kept changing location, warping to different parts of the castle whenever one of the penumbra got the better of him. Meanwhile, the nimbi wielded weapons made of light, and Isdemus of fire. Dan commanded the water, and the rest of the previously still surface began to respond, churning like a storm upon the sea. No matter how many of the penumbra they killed, though, there always seemed to be more. There were too many of them. 
“Ignore the others!” they heard Sargon’s tight, cold voice cry out above the chaos. “Kill the Child of the Prophecy! Kill Peter Stewart!” 
The air around Peter grew thick with winged penumbra swooping upon him from above. He was drenched in sweat and blood, and bent over Cole’s body protectively, with feet planted wide for stability. Every few seconds he cried out as one of the penumbra successfully landed a blow. None of the blows had yet been fatal, but it seemed only a matter of time. Bellator did his best, but he could not protect both Peter and Cole from all sides.
 “He’s not gonna make it!” Bruce shouted frantically. 
A few seconds later Brock created an oasis where he, Bruce, Lily, and Kane merged with Peter, Cole, and Bellator. 
“Lily!” cried Bruce when they converged, “I need you to say, chruthú allamuigh!”
She dutifully repeated the phrase, and all around them the air crackled to life, knocking two of the winged penumbra out of the way like birds colliding with a highly polished window. Peter knew what had happened, but he pressed his hand out just to be sure, where it came in contact with a solid, invisible wall. He breathed a sigh of relief, and dropped the arm that held the machete. He mopped the sweat from his forehead and looked at Lily, smiling weakly.  “Thanks.”
She shot him a filthy look, arms still raised as she held the forcefield in place. 
“You just created a forcefield? That’s amazing!” Peter tried again, dropping his hands to his knees to catch his breath. 
“I just do what I’m told,” she said haughtily.
“Look, I’m sorry I ran off and left you guys –” Peter began, but Brock cut him off, pushing him out of the way to get to Cole.
“How is he?” Brock demanded, lunging towards his brother. Cole’s eyes lolled in Brock’s direction. His face was pallid, and he barely clung to consciousness. 
“I know I can fix him,” said Peter through gritted teeth, “If I could just get back to the meadow where I reversed the glass, I could reverse this too. I just don’t know how I got there…”
“If you did that, you’d reverse your own healing also,” Bruce pointed out. “He needs Carlion healers, they have more tools than just their own energy. We need to get him out of here! Listen, Peter, I have an idea!”
“How… long… do I have to keep this up?” Lily said, her voice beginning to tremble.
“Another few seconds!” said Bruce, and then looked back at Peter earnestly. “Look, here’s the deal. If you can get everybody out, I can blow this place up –”
“You’ll die in the process! Not an option!” Peter shot back angrily.
“It’s the only option! I’m the only one who can do it!”
Peter shook his head vehemently. “There has to be another way. Isdemus will tell us what it is.”
“Let’s get everyone in one group in the meantime. Then we can all escape together,” said Bruce.
“Now?” Lily asked desperately. 
“Fine,” Peter said to his dad grudgingly. In their direct path were Achen and Verum, and then some distance away, Dan fought alone with his back against the mirrored wall. 
“Okay, Lily. Now!” said Bruce.
Peter caught Lily as she nearly crumpled to the floor, and propelled her forward in the same motion. Brock spoke the ground into existence in Dan’s direction, and the rest of the group ran along behind him. 
Suddenly Kane circled back around and sprinted in the opposite direction, away from them.
“Kane!” shouted Peter furiously. “What are you doing?” 
“Don’t worry!” Kane shouted back, and hurtled on through the crowd of penumbra alone, brandishing his scimitar in one hand and another blade in the other. 
“What is he doing?” Peter repeated angrily to Bruce.
“He’s a big boy,” said Bellator grimly, “he’ll take care of himself.”
Achen and Verum joined the group heading for Dan. The other Watchers still fought along the periphery, but it was clear that they were fading fast. 
The group reached Dan. He looked like he was on the brink of collapse, attacked by at least three penumbra at all times. The moment he vanquished one, casting it into the churning waters below, another moved forward to take its place, like an infinite queue. All the while, he spoke fluently to the water and periodically the waves cascaded over the ground just behind his immediate attackers, sucking another penumbra down into oblivion. Many of his attackers sprouted wings in order to avoid the deadly waves, forcing Dan to command the water higher and higher in order to consume them before they got close enough to attack him directly. 
Verum embedded an arrow between the shoulder blades of the penumbra directly in front of them. After it vanished in a flash, Brock slid next to Dan and shouted, “Jump on!” as if he were offering a ride on a motor boat. Dan joined the platform of stone that Brock had created, and as Brock guided them away from the onslaught, Dan shouted to Bruce, “Destroy the ground behind us!” 
Bruce blinked for a moment, and then understood. “Why didn’t I think of that?” He shouted words in the Ancient Tongue, and the ground behind them erupted in flashes of light. The penumbra standing on it disappeared into the seething abyss.
“Peter!” Dan shouted in alarm, and Peter looked up to see a satyr mid-leap, its teeth bearing towards Peter’s throat. Before Peter could do anything about it, Verum released a light-tipped arrow from his bow directly into the satyr’s open mouth. The second the arrow made contact, the satyr vanished with a flash.
“Sully!” cried Dan when they were close enough to him, and grabbed him by the collar, dragging him into the protective triangle with a sudden burst of strength. Sully lay panting at Dan’s feet, his katana blade covered in the viscous blood of the penumbra. He, too, looked disturbingly pale. 
“You’ve been warping too much!” said Dan reproachfully.
Sully groaned, and gave Dan a bloody smile, like a grimace. “Kept me alive, didn’t it?”
“You have to get up!” Dan said, pulling Sully staggering to his feet. “Brock can create a path out of the castle for us, but I don’t think I can carry you. I can barely run myself…”
“Where’s Rambo when you need her?” said Sully. 
“Soon as we get over to her, she can sling one of us over either shoulder and still fight ten of ‘em off at the same time,” Dan replied with a weary, lopsided smile.
Isdemus and Jael still positioned themselves defensively at the place where the portcullis had been. Isdemus looked unsteady, but he whipped a circle of fire over his head and released it. It spread out in a line, sending five charging penumbra at once into the seething depths below. Jael meanwhile twirled a pair of numb chucks in either direction, knocking penumbra into the water on her left and her right and advancing to take the territory. But she never got very far, since another set of penumbra always filled their places. She was the only Watcher who did not yet look fatigued, though. 
Suddenly the wraith nearest Jael morphed. It grew to immense proportions, and the black folds of its cloak lightened to a reddish brown, with scales, fiery eyes, and talons the length of their heads –
“A dragon?” Peter cried in horror. He had only seen one once, in Arthur’s memory at the Battle of Salisbury Plain. It had been the one that Mordred rode, and it had foreshadowed Arthur’s impending death…
“Get Kane!” Isdemus managed to shout to Peter. “We can hold it off for now – get Kane!” 
Kane was beset on all sides, wielding his weapons in either hand, each moving so quickly in a rotating figure eight that they were only a luminous silver blur. He kept the creatures far enough away to keep from killing him, but just barely. He bled from so many places that it was impossible to locate his wounds. 
“Kane! We’re coming!” Peter shouted, the walkway springing to existence as they sprinted towards him. Kane glanced up at their approach, just as Achen lashed out at the ogre blocking their path to him, destroying it in a flash of light. 
“Come on!” said Dan, reaching an arm out to pull Kane into their protective circle.
For a split second, Kane had a clear path to join the rescue party. Peter’s eyes locked on Kane’s, and Peter had the uncanny feeling that he was watching a calculation taking place in Kane’s mind, weighing his options. He knew the moment when Kane had arrived at his conclusion, because an expression crossed his face that was almost a challenge. His lips, impossibly, curled into a smirk.
Then, he dove in to the churning waters below.
Chapter 31

No one reacted for an interminable minute, as the waves consumed what was left of Kane’s body. Then Peter felt the horror wash over him, paralyzed in shock.
“Move!” cried Sully hoarsely, “we’ve got to keep moving! It’s going to take all of us to get past that dragon!”
With an effort, Peter forced his mind to forget what had just happened. Jael abandoned her numb chucks and now expertly swung a pair of katanas with a longer reach, one in each hand. She barely made contact, though, and when she did, the swords glanced harmlessly off of the dragon’s scales. 
“She could rip that thing apart!” cried Dan. “Why doesn’t she?” 
“She has to get close enough to do it,” Sully shouted grimly, pounding along behind him. “The talons and teeth make that a bit difficult…”
“And the wings…” Dan observed as it lifted into the air.
Just then, the dragon opened its mouth and released a torrent of flames.
“And the fire!” cried Dan and Sully together.
Isdemus met the wall of flames with his own fireball, but it rebounded on him, and he and Jael both had to duck to avoid being burnt to a crisp. 
“He’s a creature of shadow,” Achen shouted to the others, “and what’s the best way to get rid of shadows?” 
“Turn on the light!” answered Verum, and the three nimbi pelted the dragon with their luminous weapons. But each attempt evaporated on contact, as if swallowed by a black hole.
The dragon took a swipe at Jael and she fell, hard.
“Jael!” the scream ripped from Dan’s throat, and he began to shout the words of the Ancient Tongue with renewed vigor even as they sprinted towards the creature. The water at the feet of the dragon thrashed and roared like a stormy sea, but the dragon hovered just out of reach, held aloft by its powerful wings. 
Then suddenly the dragon reared back, but before it could finish off his victims in flames, Lily thrust her arms in front of her, in Isdemus’s and Jael’s direction, and shouted, “Chruthú allamuigh!” The dragon’s flames missed the Watchers by a foot, glancing aside in either direction. Lily held the invisible bubble of protection over them tenuously, trembling all over as she ran.
“Nice one,” Cole murmured as if in a trance. Verum propelled him along, and Cole stumbled more than ran. Lily did not answer; she dared not break her focus. She didn’t even blink.
“Lily, can you let us inside?” Dan begged once they reached Isdemus, and Jael’s crumpled form. Through the forcefield, Dan shouted frantically to Isdemus, “Is she hurt?” 
Lily obediently lowered one arm, dropping one side of the forcefield, and then raised it again once they were all inside. Immediately Dan scooped Jael into his arms, tenderly brushing the hair matted with sweat from her face. He was beside himself.
“Lily – wow,” said Bruce, looking around them appreciatively.
“She can’t hold it much longer, though!” Peter said with a worried glance at Lily’s pale face. 
Bruce nodded. “We have to confuse it, so it doesn’t know who to attack!” 
Dan gingerly laid Jael’s unconscious form on the ground and glared at the dragon with cold fury. “He’s mine.”
“No, leave it to me,” Sully growled, fingering his katana. “I can warp behind it…”
“They have a soft spot just between the neck and the head,” said Peter, thinking fast. “A sword thrust right between the scales at the base of the skull should sever the brainstem…”
“How do you know that?” said Brock, amazed.
Peter shrugged. “Anatomy! I figure the brain’s always in the head, right?” 
“Guys…” said Lily, now white as a sheet.
“We all attack at once,” said Isdemus decisively. 
“Right,” said Achen, and the nimbi brandished their weapons of light. 
“On three, Lily, lower the forcefield!” cried Bruce. “One, two…”
On three, Lily collapsed, and at the same second, there were a series of cracks: Sully reappeared at the base of the dragon’s skull, grabbing on to its plates with one arm like a bucking bronco while trying to aim his sword with the other. At the same moment, Achen, Bellator, and Verum appeared all around it, and pelted the dragon with light from all sides. Peter, frightened of hitting Sully, aimed his machete at the dragon’s flanks and hurled it with all his might. Isdemus created an inferno beneath the dragon’s underbelly while Dan commanded waves that came dangerously close to the nimbi. Bruce pelted the dragon with a stream of photons at the exact same moment that Sully got his footing and drove his sword into the base of its skull, and Dan’s waves made contact. There was a great roar, a flash of light, and a sucking sound into the abyss all at once; it was impossible to tell whose blow finally finished the creature off. In the nick of time, just before Sully got sucked into the abyss along with it, he warped back to the ground where Lily and Jael both now lay in crumpled heaps, gasping for breath. 
Once the three nimbi had also reappeared with the rest of them, Isdemus cried, “Balla dóiteáin!” and a dome of fire leapt up around them where Lily’s forcefield had been a second before. 
Instantly Dan was cradling Jael again. She still did not move. Brock hovered over Cole, conscious but barely, and Peter knelt awkwardly beside Lily, who held him off with one hand and gasped, “I’m fine… I’m fine…”
“We cannot keep fighting the penumbra individually,” said Isdemus. “There are too many of them.”
“You think?” said Brock sarcastically.
Isdemus ignored him, arms held overhead. “If we all try to escape at once, we’ll never make it. Some of us have to stay here and hold them off.”
“Someone has to… stay?” Lily gasped, looking around anxiously. 
“You three,” said Isdemus to Sully, Dan, and Jael, “Run.” 
“I can stay –” Sully began to protest. Ordinarily Dan would have said the same, but he obediently scooped up Jael and prepared to run in the direction of the portcullis. 
“I am giving you an order,” said Isdemus to Sully firmly, beginning to tremble from the effort of keeping the dome of fire intact. 
Neither Dan nor Sully bothered to ask how they would escape with the portcullis closed. They poised to obey the moment the wall of fire receded. 
Then Isdemus turned to Brock, Cole, and Lily. “You three are to go with them.” He looked especially at Brock next, indicating Cole and Lily. “They are both too weak. You will have to help them.”
Lily shot back with as much defiance as she could muster, “I am not too weak!” just as Brock said bravely, “I will,” although he was fairly unsteady himself by then.
Next Isdemus turned to Achen, Verum, and Bellator, and said, “Protect them.”
“What about Peter?” Lily protested. “He has to come –”
“No time to argue,” Isdemus nearly whispered, his face beginning to look gray even in the reddish flames. 
“You don’t understand –” Lily began, looking at Peter meaningfully. “Peter has to –”
“Go!” With that, Isdemus lowered one arm, and the wall of fire facing the portcullis receded. The three nimbi positioned themselves around the perimeter, and the six humans half ran, half stumbled in its direction. Only Lily turned around to look back anxiously.
As soon as they were far enough away, Peter blurted to Isdemus, “We have to blow up the fortress.”
“Yes,” said Isdemus wearily. “That does seem to be the only way.”
“How?” Peter demanded.
“Peter,” said Bruce. He flashed him his typical goofy smile, the same one he used to give Peter to cheer him up when he’d had a bad day at school. It tied Peter’s stomach in knots. “You know how.”
“I refuse to accept that!” Peter shouted vehemently. His eyes stung with tears. “I did not come all this way so you could sacrifice yourself!”
“It wasn’t for nothing. You did manage to save Brock,” Bruce pointed out.
“No!” Peter shouted again, shaking his head and closing his eyes as if to shut out the possibility. Then he looked at Isdemus wildly. “There’s another way, I know there is. Now come on, what is it?” 
Isdemus’s face had turned ashen from the effort of holding the dome of fire in place, but his eyes still shone with a pitying gaze, which was answer enough. Tears slipped over Peter’s cheeks unbidden and he looked back at Bruce with disbelief. This can’t be happening.
Suddenly the fire began to wane. The flames thinned, and they could see the outlines of the penumbra on the other side, waiting for Isdemus’s energy to give out. They were crouched, ready to spring. 
“We don’t have much time, Peter,” Bruce cried. “I can hold them off until you’re far enough away... Go! Now!” 
As he spoke, Isdemus sank to the floor and the dome of fire vanished. Involuntarily Isdemus grabbed on to Peter’s shoulder as he fell, no longer capable of supporting his own weight. 
The penumbra lunged, but the second Isdemus’s hand made contact with Peter’s body, the flames leapt back to their full height again. The penumbra cried out and fell backwards, scalded. 
Confused, Peter looked at Isdemus to see what had happened. His face had regained its color, and he stood tall, as if his strength had been refreshed. He held Peter’s shoulder firmly, like a starving man devouring a feast. The flames soared higher and higher.
Peter blinked at him, and then looked back at his dad. 
“Peter!” cried Bruce in wonder.
“Of course,” Isdemus murmured, his gaze lingering on Peter’s face, as if seeing him for the first time. 
“It is you!” Bruce declared, still staring at Peter in amazement. 
“What –?” Peter began. But Bruce cut him off before he could finish the question.
“Our energy comes from our own bodies, Peter, but apparently yours… doesn’t! It’s limitless!”
Peter laughed feebly and gestured at his body, covered in sweat and blood. He was more exhausted than he had ever been in his life. “Yeah, limitless,” he said sarcastically.
“Don’t you see?” Bruce pressed on. “Of course your physical body can get worn down, you’re still mortal. But your energy for the Ancient Tongue – that doesn’t come from your own cells, the way it does for the rest of us. That’s why you can do things like reverse entropy and break the physical laws! You have endless reserves! You’re like your own nuclear power plant!”
“Dad, focus!” Peter shouted. “What are you saying?”
It was Isdemus who replied. “He’s saying, Peter, that he doesn’t have enough energy to destroy the Fata Morgana and live to tell about it. But you do.”
“That makes no sense. I don’t know how to do what you do!” Peter shouted. “I can’t create particles – I don’t even know how to use the Ancient Tongue!” 
“You don’t have to,” said Bruce, his eyes shining. 
Without explaining further, Isdemus shouted, “Come on! We have to move back to the portcullis first so we don’t get impaled by the glass…” He gestured at the ceiling but did not bother to finish the thought. Bruce and Peter had no choice but to run, to avoid being scorched as Isdemus’s dome of fire moved with him. Isdemus meanwhile maintained a grip on Peter’s shoulder as they ran down the wide path that Brock had left behind. Bruce pounded along behind them. 
“They got the portcullis back open!” Peter shouted as they approached it.
“The nimbi probably blew it open, more like,” Bruce shouted back. Only sections of jagged spikes remained. 
“This is where I leave you, then,” said Isdemus. Then he said, “Good luck,” but his tone held the weightiness of goodbye. Then he released Peter’s shoulder, and the wall of fire disappeared as Isdemus vanished through the gaping portcullis. 
“GET HIM!” Sargon’s voice reverberated through the castle. The penumbra surged forward, teeth bared, wings flapping, and breath wheezing as they shouted unearthly war cries. They had only seconds.
Peter swallowed hard and grasped his dad’s hand tightly in his own. “So – on three?”
“Why three?” Bruce returned, and flashed him his bravest grin. “You don’t have to be ready, do you?” Before Peter could answer, Bruce squeezed Peter’s hand more tightly and extended his other arm in front of him, fingers spread wide as if to grasp the whole of the fortress in the palm of his hand. Then, with all his might, he shouted, “CHRUTHU FOTONS!”
It happened in slow motion. The explosion sounded to Peter like the tinkling of crystal, except in surround sound, coming from every direction. He felt time stand still for one long, excruciatingly silent moment. 
Then, they felt the shock waves.
They were airborne, hurtling straight for the jagged edges of the portcullis. They were about to be impaled –
Then the portcullis was no more. It vanished, along with the reflections of the endless sea, in a shattering flash of light. Suddenly they were flying over the water, now tossing furiously like a squall upon the sea, and below, the footbridge tore loose, flapping in the wake of the explosion like a ribbon in the wind.
For an instant that seemed to last an eternity, Peter saw their entire company on the banks. Even Isdemus seemed to have made it to the other side in time. Dan spoke over the water, calming the waves, and the others appeared to be speaking too, but it was unclear what they hoped to accomplish. 
Just then, there was an extra thrust from a secondary explosion behind them. The second shock wave thrust their bodies forward horizontally like rag dolls, and the water rushed up to meet them. Vaguely Peter heard screams from the banks, but he could not identify to whom the voices belonged, or what they were saying. He felt himself plunging down, down, down, toward the churning water below – 
Then he felt the impact, and everything went black.
Chapter 32

“Peter? Peter!” 
The voice sounded far away and garbled, as if the person was speaking through a very viscous liquid. Peter’s head throbbed as he returned to consciousness. He wished he could slip away again into blissful oblivion, but reality was persistent. He groaned.
“Peter!” the voice now sounded relieved. He recognized it as belonging to his dad, but he also registered the fact that there were many voices in the background, whispering. He couldn’t understand what they were saying. He tried to open his eyes but it took several false starts because his eyelids felt so heavy. 
At last, he blinked them open. The first thing he saw was the blue, cloudless sky that could only mean that either they were in Carlion (since the skies were never that blue anywhere else in England) or that they were in some other country altogether… which, given recent events, was not out of the question. 
The next thing he saw was his dad, who blinked back tears when Peter met his eyes. Bruce’s glasses, usually held together with sellotape, seemed to have broken anew, and now hung crooked from his nose. Parts of his face were blackened and charred, and he bled from several places, but only slightly. 
“You look terrible,” Peter managed to croak.
Bruce actually choke-laughed, but could not reply.
Next, Isdemus’s face joined Bruce’s, peering down at Peter with concern. He, too, looked much the worse for wear, but he smiled at Peter with grandfatherly affection, and long strands of his snowy white hair tickled Peter’s cheek. 
“This is Dr. MacDouglas,” said Isdemus, and immediately another face appeared in the space above Peter’s head. Peter did not recognize him, but he had a full red beard and a kindly smile. “Achen went to find him as soon as we got back. He’s a healer, and I do believe it’s thanks to his skill that you woke up at all.”
“What happened?” Peter moaned. “The last thing I remember was the explosion, and then I…” He paused, trying to remember. “Then I fell into the water!”
“No. We both would have,” said Bruce, “but –”
“It was Sully!” Lily’s voice broke in, eager to join the conversation. Her face filled in another wedge of the circle above Peter’s head, her brown curls hanging down inches from his face. She hastily tucked them behind her ears, and he could see her luminous green eyes shining down at him with relief. She looked as if she’d slept for three days already. 
How long have I been out? Peter wondered.
Lily went on, “Sully – well, I don’t even know how he did it, really…”
“It was the most impressive bit of space manipulation I have yet seen him perform,” said Isdemus fondly. Peter couldn’t see Sully’s face, but he could hear him grunt dismissively in the background. “He made contact with each of us on the banks, and then when he saw you and Bruce falling, he had to precisely estimate your locations so that he could make physical contact with you both and then create a portal to the castle before any of us actually touched the water. It was really quite astounding.”
“It was just the adrenaline,” Sully muttered gruffly. “Don’t even know how I did it… it just happened…”
“So… I didn’t hit the water?” Peter murmured, trying to understand.
“No,” came Sully’s voice, and his face pushed into the little circle above Peter too, blocking out the last bit of sky. “You hit me, and that’s when you blacked out. I was just guessing where you were and I didn’t have much room to play with because you were almost in the water. So I pretty much warped right on top of you.”
“Oh,” said Peter, rubbing his forehead and discovering the beginnings of a very large goose egg. He touched it tenderly. “Did I knock you out too then?” 
“No, I think you head-butted my knee,” Sully said with a wry grin.
“Good thing, too,” came Dan’s voice. He still sounded rather tense. “If Sully had been unconscious mid-warp, who knows where we’d have ended up!”
Peter struggled to sit up onto his forearms. “Cole?” he croaked. “Jael?” 
“Cole is still receiving treatment,” frowned Dr. MacDouglas. “He will be fine, but it will probably take the rest of the day to restore his energy. Isdemus told me what he did for you. It sounds as if he gave you an equivalent amount of energy as that which would have been required of your own body to heal over a period of months…”
“Jael was just knocked out, like you were,” said Dan. When Peter very carefully turned his head, wincing as he moved, he saw Dan tenderly stroking Jael’s hair from her face. She had not yet opened her eyes, but she was obviously breathing. Finally, she blinked up at him.
“What – what happened?” she murmured, and Dan beamed with relief.
“You’re gonna be so mad you missed it!” he crowed. “The place went up in a chain reaction, and literally the whole fortress collapsed into the water –” 
“Here, drink this,” said Dr. MacDouglas to Peter, interrupting his eavesdropping on Dan and Jael. The doctor pushed an amber bottle towards Peter’s lips. Obediently he took a long drag, but then began to cough: at first, it tasted like honey, but the aftertaste was spicy, like ginger and cumin mixed together. A second later, the smell hit him, which was overwhelmingly foul.
“Cole is receiving the same elixir intravenously,” said the doctor. 
“Sucks to be him,” Peter said, making a face. “What is it?”
“Think of it as liquid potential energy,” the doctor replied with a wink. 
Peter opened his mouth to ask what in the world that meant, and whether it was just extremely high in calories, but Lily cut him off before he had the chance. 
“You can ask how it works later,” she said bossily. “Just get better first!”
Peter saw Brock watching him from the corner of his eye with pursed lips and a very odd expression. Suddenly Peter felt uncomfortable; given their history, he wasn’t exactly sure what to say to him. “Er,” he started. “All right, Brock?” 
“Sure,” he said.
“You – saved all our lives, you know,” Peter said awkwardly. “We never would have made it out if not for your footbridge.”
Brock shrugged. “Yeah, well. Same goes for Lily’s forcefields. We’d still be trapped there if not for her.”
She turned and smiled at him. Then she tried to deflect the compliment. “We couldn’t have done it without Dr. Stewart’s photons either, though – we’d never have gotten away without that –”
“Or without Peter’s unlimited energy,” said Bruce softly.
“I wouldn’t have had any energy to give if not for Cole,” said Peter. “And we would have died in that explosion if not for Sully’s quick thinking.”
“Indeed, we were all dependent upon one another,” Isdemus said. “Even Kane was indispensable to our survival…”
At the mention of Kane’s name, Peter felt as if a rock had dropped into the pit of his stomach, and suddenly all of the Watchers’ faces grew somber. In the relief of their narrow escape, they had briefly forgotten what had happened in the fortress. 
“Kane was with you?” said Dr. MacDouglas, looking around curiously, and then he seemed to register that something was wrong as his expression grew troubled. “Where is he now, then?” 
 “He’s… dead,” said Lily at last, and the doctor’s jaw dropped.
“Dead! I don’t believe it. Bring him here, and we’ll see if I can’t fix him up right as rain –”
“We can’t,” Bruce cut him off, and managed to choke out, “He... he jumped into the water.”
The doctor looked confused and said, “Well, couldn’t you just pull him out again?” 
“It wasn’t that kind of water,” Peter said finally. “It’s not the kind you can come back from.”
“Are you saying…” said the doctor incredulously, looking from one of them to the next, “Are you trying to tell me he killed himself? Kane would never do that. Not that boy!” 
“No,” said Isdemus unexpectedly. “Kane did not kill himself.”
“I don’t know what else you’d call it,” said Dan. “Maybe you couldn’t see what was happening over where you and Jael were, but all of us watched him do it. He jumped!”
“I don’t question the narrative, merely the conclusion,” said Isdemus. “I do not believe that Kane is dead.”
“We all saw that water,” Sully argued. “Even the penumbra that fell in didn’t come back out again!”
“I realize that,” said Isdemus, “but that water wasn’t what you think it was.”
“It wasn’t a point of no return?” asked Sully.
“It may have been,” Isdemus admitted. “Then again, it may not.”
“Why did he jump in in the first place?” Brock interrupted. “I saw him. He was obsessed with the water from the moment he got into the fortress. It was like that was his primary objective all along! Sorry, Peter, but I don’t think he really came with you to try and help rescue us…”
“I agree with you, Brock,” said Isdemus quietly.
“Well, then, why did he go with Peter in the first place? What did he want with the water?” Lily asked. 
Peter had intended to vocalize the same question, but had been mid-gulp of the amber elixir, too busy grimacing to speak.
Isdemus’s face took on a faraway expression, and Dan said knowingly, “Here we go. Story time.”
“According to legend,” said Isdemus to Lily, “after the Battle of Salisbury Plain ended, Merlyn knew that, after protecting Cecily and Arthur’s unborn child, the most important mission was to bury Excalibur somewhere it could remain undisturbed for millennia, until the birth of the Child of the Prophecy.
“He and Cecily found Lancelot and sent him back to help Arthur and the remaining Knights of the Round Table, but by the time Lancelot arrived it was too late. The battle was over, but the carnage still littered the battlefield – the bodies of men, the fallen bodies of penumbra, and most importantly, the weapons they had used to kill one another.
“Lancelot immediately found Arthur’s body, and Excalibur, still embedded in Mordred’s corpse. They were still warm, which as you can imagine made it much more difficult for Lancelot, knowing that had he been only a little faster, things might have turned out differently. Before he could bury them, however, he retrieved Excalibur, hid it in his own sheath, and enlisted the help of the one knight left standing, named Girflet, to help him in his final quest.
“Lancelot and Girflet took the sword all the way to the Continent in search of somewhere to properly dispose of it, which is part of why there are so many legends regarding the final resting place of Excalibur. Lancelot and Girflet considered many possible locations along the way, and there are tales that pertain to each one. Finally on the banks of the Straits of Messina –”
“Italy?” Lily interrupted, and Isdemus nodded.
“On the banks of the Straits of Messina, Lancelot and Girflet saw the mirage of a castle. Rumors had already reached the mainland of the legend of Morgan le Fay, known to them only as the Fairie Queen, whose castle in the sky had lured many sailors to their deaths. Lancelot knew when he saw it that it must be the Fata Morgana about which they spoke, and that it was a part of another world – which, to him, was the perfect resting place for a sword he wished never to be found. With all his might, he hurled the sword at the castle, and watched as it plunged into the waters just beneath it.”
“Excalibur must still be off the edge of the Italian coast, then!” said Brock.
Isdemus shook his head, and Sully said, “The Watchers have scoured the water for thousands of years looking for Excalibur. It is nowhere to be found.”
Peter sat up on his forearms a little further. “You’re saying it fell beneath the waters of the Fata Morgana? How is that possible? If the sailors couldn’t get there, then how could Excalibur?”
“Remember that the sword appeared from nowhere in the middle of the Enchanted Forest at precisely the moment when Arthur arrived on the scene and needed some claim to legitimacy of the throne,” said Isdemus. “Remember, too, that the sword serves as a barrier between the world of the penumbra and our world. As long as it remains intact, the Shadow Lord cannot return to the world of men.”
Lily and Peter looked at each other, and Lily shook her head. “I don’t understand.”
“Excalibur was never just a normal sword,” Dan clarified. “It always belonged to both worlds.”
“So you’re saying Excalibur was in the lake of Avalon? Where we just were?” Peter demanded.
“That is what we’ve all assumed for the past 1500 years, since we have never been able to locate the sword nor the Fata Morgana. Until now, obviously,” said Sully. 
“I can’t believe it!” Lily exclaimed, looking around to see if anybody else had reached the same conclusion she had. “That means all this time, Excalibur has been right under the Shadow Lord’s nose, in the water underneath his very own fortress!” 
“How could he not have known that?” Peter asked. “If the Watchers saw Lancelot throw the sword into the Lake of Avalon, why didn’t any of the penumbra see it too, and know to look in the water? If there was even one non-Seer present, then one of the penumbra had to have witnessed it. The Shadow Lord could have sent one of the penumbra in to retrieve it thousands of years ago…”
“He probably tried,” said Isdesmus, “but the water is an interface between worlds. That’s why the Fata Morgana was known as the Isle of Glass – as in, Looking Glass.”
“The mirrors,” Peter murmured. 
Isdemus nodded. “That’s why, when the penumbra fell into the water, they couldn’t come back. The Shadow Lord only exists now inside reflective surfaces in that space between their world and ours. They are a no-man’s-land of essentially non-existence. It may be that the Shadow Lord knows exactly where Excalibur is, and it has been right in front of him all this time – but he could not touch it.”
“So if all the Watchers knew that Excalibur was in the Lake of Avalon –” Brock began.
“Not all,” Isdemus corrected. “Only a select few knew enough to suspect that – those of us here, for instance. However, Kane managed to discover an extraordinary amount of information, whether I chose to tell him or not.”
Peter tried not to look at Lily, for fear that their guilty expressions might reveal that they, too, knew about the secret library.
“The conclusion is the same, though,” Brock persisted. “Kane knew Excalibur was supposed to be there.”
“He was obsessed with Excalibur,” said Dan slowly, beginning to understand, “but he knew he’d never find the Fata Morgana unless the penumbra led him to it. And they wouldn’t ever do that – not unless he was with you, Peter. You were his ticket.”
“But why did he want Excalibur?” Lily demanded. “It seems like the best thing to do would be to just let it stay buried!”
“He wanted to find it because according to the prophecy, the Shadow Lord is eventually defeated by the Child of the Prophecy using Excalibur,” said Isdemus.
 “So what?” said Peter. “Are you honestly suggesting that Kane jumped into that water to try and find Excalibur? Why would he do that?” 
“I can’t speak for the others,” said Sully, looking around, “but I very much doubt Kane ever intended to jump into the water when he first went to the Fata Morgana with you, Peter. I suspect he thought he could summon the sword, or get at it in some other way. I suppose when we were all trying to escape and were about to blow up the fortress, he felt that he’d run out of time, and did the only thing he could think of. Right?” He looked at Isdemus, who nodded.
“That is my guess,” confirmed Isdemus.
“We think he wanted to find Excalibur so that he could destroy it,” Dan added.
“So that the Shadow Lord could return?” Peter demanded incredulously.
“So he could defeat the Shadow Lord,” Dan corrected. “In order to be killed once and for all, though, the Shadow Lord first has to have a body.”
“So Kane thought he could defeat him with a sword he had just destroyed?” Lily challenged, perplexed.
Isdemus shrugged. “That has always been a paradox of the prophecy. Both seem to be true, and yet mutually exclusive.”
“But that’s suicide!” Lily exclaimed, and then added uncertainly, “Isn’t it?” 
“Not if he’s the Child of the Prophecy,” said Dan, watching Isdemus’s expression. Isdemus pursed his lips gravely and said nothing.
Peter looked blank. “But he isn’t.” When nobody answered to confirm this, he said, “He isn’t, right? He can’t be! I thought it was either me or Lily!” 
“I don’t care what the prophecies say,” Sully interrupted, looking at Isdemus. “Today has wiped away every shred of doubt, as far as I’m concerned.” 
“Peter certainly has formidable powers,” Isdemus admitted. 
“And I don’t,” said Lily, adding to Peter combatively, “I almost collapsed in there, remember?” 
“You are a natural with the Ancient Tongue, though,” Peter pointed out.
“So what, Peter? You blew up the fortress!” 
“Technically the prophecy doesn’t say anything about power,” Dan cut in. 
Peter snapped impatiently, “Wait a minute, can we please get back to Kane? Is he or isn’t he a candidate?” 
To Peter’s surprise, all of the Watchers suddenly turned towards Bruce, very pointedly. Peter followed their eyes, confused. “Dad?”
Bruce grappled for words, but Isdemus stepped forward to save him. “You were going to find out eventually anyway, Peter, and I understand you had already begun to suspect. I – don’t know that this was the time and the way to tell you…”
“Tell me what?” he said, his heart beating faster. He wasn’t sure what it was that he should have suspected, but he was pretty sure he didn’t want to hear it. 
“Would you mind… just giving us a moment…” said Bruce. He seemed nearly overcome.
Dan obediently got to his feet and offered his shoulder to support Jael, and they shuffled off to the castle behind the doctor. Lily also stood to her feet uncertainly, but with one nod from Sully, she turned to follow him, pulling Brock with her and casting one last glance over her shoulder at Peter. Dr MacDouglas said loudly, “Well, I think I will go back to the castle and check on young Cole…”
Isdemus was the last to go. “I will be in the garden if you need me.”
When at last they were alone, Peter looked at his dad, and felt a dull emptiness creep into his stomach even as his heart raced. 
“Well, this can’t be good news,” he managed to joke. But Bruce could not smile back. 
Chapter 33

Bruce turned to look at Peter, and said with an almost pleading expression, “The truth is, I lied to you, Peter. Not just about Carlion, and about your identity, but even about what happened to our family. I did it for your own protection, though –”
“What do you mean?” Peter interrupted, his heart beating faster.
“Your mother... Peter, she didn’t die in childbirth.”
“What?” he said, confused. 
“We were divorced when you were a year and a half old, because she wasn’t a Seer. She thought I was crazy, and that all the Watchers hanging about to protect you were just as batty as I was. She didn’t just leave me, though. She tried to take you with her. Well, not just you...” He stopped himself, and then muttered to himself, “One thing at a time, Bruce.” 
“She tried to kidnap me?” 
“She tried, because she knew that if the Watchers knew where you were, they’d never leave you unprotected. It was Sully who recovered you, actually. She got away, though. I found out years later that she was killed by the penumbra.”
“If I was with you, then why would they bother killing her?” 
“We don’t know the whole story,” said Bruce. “The best we can figure is, the person who told the Shadow Lord who she was had incomplete information.”
Peter closed his eyes, and shook his head. “I don’t understand.”
Bruce sighed. “For thousands of years, the Shadow Lord believed that there was no longer a line of the king. He didn’t know that Cecily was pregnant when Arthur died – he thought that when Mordred and Arthur killed each other, the line of the king was ended. That was why the Watchers formed – to protect William, and then to track his firstborn male descendants down through the ages and make sure they were kept safe until they, too, had children. As it turned out, they should have been tracking the firstborn descendants regardless of gender, which is how we lost track of Lily... but I digress.
“There was never any opposition to this mission because the Shadow Lord and the penumbra did not know that there was anyone they should be looking for – until you were about four. At least that’s when we figure it happened.”
Peter squeezed his eyes shut. “Why does Isdemus think there was an informant? Who would do that?”
Bruce shook his head and shrugged. “I don’t know. He never explained. There are a lot of things that Isdemus keeps to himself – and even more now, since Penny’s death,” he added, referring to Peter’s mother.
“So he thinks the informant was one of the Watchers?”
“He thinks there’s a traitor somewhere in the castle, yes,” Bruce nodded. “Ever since that time, he became extremely selective about which of the Watchers he trusted with what information, and made sure that even within his inner circle, nobody but himself had all the facts.”
“The inner circle – meaning Jael, Sully, and Dan,” said Peter.
“And me,” Bruce added. “But he keeps things even from us, obviously – like the identity of the person he suspects of being the traitor.”
 “It was Isdemus who told you to tell me the legends, too.”
“Yes, but I would have done that anyway.”
Peter sank onto his other knee and then sat back down on the ground. 
“I did tell you the legends were true, though!” Bruce pointed out anxiously. “I always tried to tell you about the Ancient Tongue, and Carlion. You just wouldn’t listen.”
“Why didn’t you tell me what happened to Mum before?”
 “I didn’t know how I could explain without telling you who you were, which I was expressly forbidden to do before the proper time.” 
“Oh, you mean the moment when I was nearly killed by Kane’s car? Or the moment I was attacked by a throng of penumbra?” Peter retorted, getting angry.
“That was never supposed to – look, Peter. I should have been honest with you. I’m trying to tell you that even now if I had it to do over, although I realize I should have told you the truth, I’m not sure how I could have done things differently. But,” he held up a hand to hold off Peter’s retort, “I am extremely sorry for the way things happened instead, and I admit that what I did was wrong.” When Peter folded his arms and looked away, Bruce sighed, and added heavily, “I wish there wasn’t still more, Peter, but there is.”
Peter held up a hand, and pushed himself to his feet. “Sorry. I think I need some air.”
“You’re already outside,” Bruce pointed out with a weak smile. “Peter, wait!” 
But Peter did not turn around. 

The garden, which formed a pair of dragons from a bird’s eye view, looked like a maze once inside of it. Hedges grew seven feet tall with flowers the size of Peter’s head. He found Isdemus waiting for him. He seemed to have known that Peter would come.
“I need to know who the third person is who might be the Child of the Prophecy,” said Peter without preamble. 
Isdemus raised his eyebrows. “All right.”
“Kane believed it was him. He believed it enough to risk his own life. Even if he isn’t dead, he had to know he might not make it back out of that lake again. So I have to know. Is it him or not?”
Isdemus looked back at him with his unfathomable blue eyes and placed one hand on each of Peter’s shoulders. Peter was tempted to shrug them off, but he resisted. “Are you sure you want to know?” 
“No,” said Peter baldly. “I’ve got to now, though, haven’t I?” 
Isdemus did not blink, but continued to gaze at him steadily. “How much did Bruce tell you?” 
“He told me he lied about what happened to my mum,” said Peter shortly.
“That is true,” said Isdemus carefully. “However, it is not the whole story.”
Peter was trembling now. “No, it never is, is it?” Then he sighed and added, “He told me there was more, but I don’t think I can handle anything else about my family right now. All I want to know is who the third person is.”
Isdemus said, “The third possible candidate as the Child of the Prophecy is your twin brother.”
Peter just stared at him, not comprehending. His lips repeated without his brain’s engagement, “My –”
“Fraternal twin, yes,” said Isdemus. “Kane wondered why I went to so much trouble to locate him in the foster system, why I brought him to Carlion and raised him myself. Your mother abducted him when your parents divorced. She tried to abduct you too –”
“But Sully found me, yeah,” Peter finished weakly. “That’s what Dad said...”
 “Yes. But he could not find Kane. We pieced together later that your mother died when Kane was four, because that’s when he said he entered the foster system. I managed to locate him when he was eight years old, and when I finally did, he was far too wild to be trusted in another foster home, even in Carlion. Raising him myself was the only option. He assumed that the reason I did so was because he was very special indeed. He was right.”
“Kane is my twin brother,” Peter repeated numbly. “So then, technically, the prophecy does apply to both of us.”
“Yes, Peter. It does.”

***

Cole’s room looked like a hospital wing, decorated with wildflowers that Mrs. Jefferson had picked in an effort to make the place seem more cheerful, when she wasn’t acting as his nurse. Cole sat up, his cheeks pink and his eyes much brighter than they had been the last time Peter had seen him. He sipped Dr. MacDouglas’s elixir through a straw, but by the end of that first day back (it turned out Peter had only been unconscious for around ten minutes), he was already taking solid food again.
“This stuff is kind of disgusting, but in a really addictive sort of way,” he explained to Brock, and offered him a sip. 
Brock declined with a face. “It smells like feet.”
Peter had just finished telling Brock, Cole, and Lily everything Bruce and Isdemus had said. He felt a bit strange speaking about such intimate things in front of Brock, but their relationship seemed different after everything that had happened. They even almost seemed like friends, Peter thought. Almost.
“So Kane was your twin brother all along!” Cole exclaimed, shaking his head in wonder.
“Is his twin brother,” Lily corrected. “Isdemus said he doesn’t think he’s dead, remember?” 
“So – do you think he’s really gonna find Excalibur and bring it back into our world?” Cole persisted, eyes wide.
“I don’t see how,” said Peter. “I didn’t follow everything Isdemus said about the water being a lens, but I’m picturing Kane trapped between two panes of glass, imprisoned with the Shadow Lord…” he shuddered.
“But – we know the sword comes back to our world eventually, so that it can be broken. And we know that it happens within your lifetime,” Lily added. 
“Or yours,” Peter shot back, and closed his eyes. “Look, can we not think about that, please? Let’s talk about something else.”
“Like what?” said Brock.
“Like what happens now.” 
“What do you mean?” asked Cole.
“I mean, do we go home, or do we stay in Carlion?” 
Lily and Cole both looked as if he had doused them with a bucket of ice water. 
“You want to leave?” Lily demanded. 
“I don’t want to. I mean, I don’t know,” Peter said quickly. “They haven’t asked us to stay, though, have they?” 
“Peter, are you crazy?” Lily persisted. “You can’t leave! Every penumbra in the world knows who you are by now, and you don’t know how to control your power yet. You wouldn’t last a minute out there!” 
“I – know,” Peter muttered irritably. “I just wanted to know what you all were gonna do, that’s all.”
“My mum said we were staying,” Cole announced. Then he looked at Brock and added, “I mean, we are – her and me. You can do what you want, of course. I know you like being big man on campus and all that.”
Brock’s cheeks reddened just slightly. “I used to like it,” he corrected. “I don’t know if it matters so much now.” He looked at his feet self-consciously. 
“It doesn’t matter?” Cole repeated, genuinely surprised.
“It’s hard to maintain the same priorities once you’re a Seer,” said Lily knowingly. “I don’t think King’s would feel like home anymore for any of you.”
“And you think this place would?” Peter challenged.
“Oh, I don’t know,” she shrugged. Then with a sly smile at Brock and Cole she said, “You two could get used to using your gifts every day, though, couldn’t you?” 
Cole groaned, and sipped the elixir again. “I think I could do without it for awhile, thanks.” 
“Well, that’s because you nearly killed yourself, you idiot. You weren’t supposed to do that,” said Peter, affectionately. Cole grinned back at him. 
“What about your dad?” Brock asked Peter abruptly, and suddenly the mood changed. 
“What about him?” Peter asked coldly. 
“Well, what’s he going to do? Are you still going to live with him?”
Peter fought the urge to retort, none of your business. “If we stay in Carlion, we’ll live here in the castle, I expect,” he said evasively.
“Peter,” Lily began in a gentle tone that told him he wasn’t going to like what she said next. She laid a hand on his arm and said, “I know how hurt you must be that he lied to you about being a Watcher, and about your mum, and about Kane. He really was doing what he thought was best, though –”
“Yeah, well, everyone seemed to be doing that, didn’t they?” Peter retorted. “And look how that turned out!”
Lily bristled, her gentleness gone. “Oh, well, I’m so sorry for you that everyone spent so much time and effort trying to protect you in a way you didn’t happen to like! That must be so hard on you!”
Cole whimpered. “Guys, we all just nearly died, remember? Can’t we all just... get along?”
Lily crossed her arms over her chest and looked away in a huff. Peter couldn’t see her eyes but he knew she was tearing up.
“Sorry, Lily,” Peter said reluctantly. 
“But – Peter,” Brock began, as if he wasn’t quite sure how to finish the sentence, “whatever else he might have done, your dad – loves you.” He sounded supremely uncomfortable as he said the last bit, and added under his breath, “Which is more than some of us can say.”
“More than most of us can say, actually,” Lily sniffed bitterly. She turned back towards Peter and made eye contact for a second before looking away, though, which Peter understood to imply a truce.
Peter sighed and stood up, walking to the window. Then he turned around again and faced them. “So you’re all staying here, then?”
Lily and Cole both nodded eagerly. Brock hesitated, but eventually he nodded too. 
Peter sighed. “So I suppose we’d better enroll in Paladin High, then.”
“I can’t wait to meet the guy who can merge minds!” said Cole. “I wonder what his gift is technically called? I wonder what subjects they teach – if it’s just the usual maths and literature and that rubbish, or if it’s stuff like the Ancient Tongue and social studies by portal and –”
Suddenly a shadow fell across Cole’s bed and he stopped talking, as if he’d swallowed his tongue. 
“Peter,” said Bruce. “Can I have a word?” 
Peter stood up and began moving across the room before Bruce had finished the question. Bruce gave Brock, Lily, and Cole a brief, tense smile before he closed the door behind them. 
Once they were in the corridor, Peter folded his arms across his chest and turned to face Bruce. “Well?” 
“I – just wanted to say – well,” Bruce stammered, and ran a hand through his brown hair compulsively. “Maybe you figured this out already, but it’s not really safe for me to go back to the university right away. I’ll have to lay low in Carlion for a while until the penumbra forget who I am or what I look like. Not that they have another fortress to take me to, that we know of –” he laughed uncomfortably, “but they still might try, and anyway Isdemus thinks it’s a good idea if I stick around here for a bit. Of course at least until you kind of… know the ropes a little… you have to stay, too. I guess you knew that.” He paused, waiting for some acknowledgement.
“Uh huh.”
“Right,” Bruce went on nervously. “Well, I… guess that’s all, then. I just wanted you to know that I’ll be staying in the castle, and you’ll be staying in the castle, and that means we’ll probably see each other sometimes.” He stopped, and watched timidly for Peter’s reaction. Before Peter could say anything else, he blurted, “And I just wanted to say that even though I didn’t tell you the truth about our family and I’d understand if you didn’t want to talk to me anymore, I – love you.” He took a deep breath, like the words had cost him something. “You’re all I’ve got left too, kid.”
Peter bit down on his lip, hard. Suddenly the flood of emotions that he had barely kept at bay since they returned from the Fata Morgana broke forth with overwhelming force, and they rushed at him so quickly that he couldn’t name a single one. Instead, his body acted without his permission, and a second later, he threw his arms around his dad like he was still seven years old. 
“I love you too, Dad,” he managed to choke out.
Stunned, it took Bruce a moment to wrap his arms around his son, but when he did, he nearly crushed him. Peter faced the door to Cole’s room, which was suddenly ajar again, and he could see several pairs of eyes watching them with approval. 
Down the corridor and just off the stairs, with a rustle of quicksilver robes, Isdemus turned unseen and walked quietly away with a smile.
Sneak Preview: Invincible (Book 2)
Prologue

Kane felt as if he was suspended in the crystallized fragments of a kaleidoscope. Everything was perfectly geometric, brilliantly colored and yet crystal clear depending on the angle at which he looked at it. It was very much like being inside of a prism. 
He had only a vague memory of what had happened, but had no idea how long ago it had been. Kane remembered the shower of silver daggers all around them in the Fata Morgana: the shattered mirrors that had made the fortress look like an endless reflection of a spherical sea… the flashes of steel and the eruptions of light colliding with darkness… 
The voice. He remembered the voice of Sargon speaking to them through the surface of the water, and he felt chilled to the bone. 
He wondered at that expression, chilled to the bone. Did he still have any bones? Reflexively he began to move his fingers and toes to make sure he still could. He felt his appendages respond to him, but he couldn’t see them. It was like the kaleidoscope was pressed against his face, dominating his entire field of vision. 
With a start Kane remembered diving into the water. He remembered what it had felt like the moment he’d made contact with it. He had expected a slap, the way it felt to dive into a real pool, but instead he had been surprised by the sensation of a cold vacuum. It was not wet at all, or if it was, he had no recollection of the transition from dryness to wetness. Water wouldn’t feel wet to a fish, he thought. The moment he touched the surface of the water and felt himself sucked under, it was as if he had never known anything else. 
A voice said, That is because time is different here.
Kane jumped. Who’s there? he demanded. He was not so much frightened by the voice as by the way he heard it. He didn’t know if heard was really the right word, because it sounded like the voice had originated inside his own head. 
It did, said the voice. 
Kane tried to gasp for breath, but found that his lungs would not expand. 
You don’t need air here, said the voice. It isn’t like your world.
Where are we? Kane demanded. Suddenly he understood why he could not speak aloud. Voice required breath.
It is the eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh dimensions. 
Kane’s mind was blank. What does that mean?
There are eleven dimensions in the universe. Your world exists in four, including time. The world of the nimbi and the penumbra takes up three more dimensions, although time is shared between them. Here we also have three dimensions, which is why you can feel your body, even if you can’t see it. Yes, you still have one. 
You said there were four dimensions in this place, said Kane. What’s the fourth?
Time. Ours is only tangentially associated with that of the lands of earth and shadow. For the most part, our time is our own. 
Faster or slower? Kane thought, with a shiver of dread.
Neither. 
Kane could feel the other’s enjoyment of his fear. 
The colors around him reflected, danced, and faded one into another as Kane floated, weightless, struggling to determine which direction was up. 
There is no up, the voice said pleasantly. Up has no meaning here.
There has to be an up! Kane shouted back. We’re in the Lake of Avalon, aren’t we? The battle came back to him in flashes as he envisioned the Fata Morgana above them, wherever that was, and the smooth surface of the water reflecting a bloodless, disembodied face with the high, cold voice…
Tell me, does my voice sound any different now that it’s inside your head?
This wasn’t happening. This couldn’t be happening. There had to be a way out. Why had he jumped in? 
I was wondering the same thing, actually, said the voice conversationally, and at once Kane felt himself ripped open from the inside by an uninvited presence. He had a bizarre sense of helplessness, as if he possessed the capacity to stop the intruder, but to do so would require muscles that he had never learned to use. It was even worse than the feeling that he was completely powerless.
Unbidden, Kane’s own memories began to flash before his eyes. He was flooded with images of Peter as he grew up. Remembered emotions of contempt for the skinny, awkward little boy rushed back to him.
You envied him, the voice said incredulously. You envied him nearly the point of hatred…
I never hated him, Kane retorted. I just hated the way everyone responded to him. I hated how they all thought he was so special…
Flashes of nights in the belly of the castle flooded Kane’s mind’s eye next, obscuring the kaleidoscope of colors. He saw heavy books covered with thick layers of dust, one after the other, all about the legends of Excalibur. Sucked into the pages written in the Ancient Tongue, Kane saw flashes of a knight whom he recognized as Lancelot on the banks of the Straits of Messina, hurling the golden sword into the waters below the mirage-like image of the Fata Morgana. The vision was accompanied by another explosion of remembered emotion – it was triumph and determination mingled with just enough fear to be exciting. Instantly the image morphed into a more ephemeral quality that Kane recognized as a memory of his own fantasies – he could tell the difference because details were hazier than in memories he had actually experienced. In it, Kane held the sword in his hands. Kane faced the creature he had envisioned as the Shadow Lord – an amorphous monster with tentacles and glowing yellow eyes.
Hardly flattering, said the voice in amusement, with a tsk-tsk quality.
Kane shuddered.
So that’s it, is it? the voice went on. You fancied yourself the Child of the Prophecy, and you knew the sword was here, so you thought you’d come get it and finish me off? 
Kane was filled with a complex emotion that he did not immediately recognize. It was blind terror, yes, but it was tinged with... mortification. 
The Shadow Lord had just witnessed his most grandiose dreams, yet here was the reality: he was petrified. Completely helpless.
You don’t have to be, you know, said the Shadow Lord. 
Kane tried to squeeze his eyes shut, just to have some sort of barrier between him and his present environment. But he discovered that closed or open, the scenery was the same. Either the colors followed him inside his very brain, or else his eyes would not shut any more than his lungs would breathe. I don’t have to be what?
Helpless. There is a way out. Would you like me to show it to you? 
Then he waited. Kane knew he was being baited. He tried to resist the bubble of hope that responded to the Shadow Lord’s words, but resistance seemed so pointless, since the Shadow Lord knew his every thought the moment it occurred to him. 
Ask me to show it to you.
You’re in my head! Kane shouted back. Why do you need my permission?
I need it, for this. Of course, if you would rather try and find the way out on your own, that’s perfectly up to you. No doubt you will stumble upon it eventually. You have all eternity to look, after all.
Kane suddenly understood how it might feel to be dying of thirst in the desert, taunted by the vision of an oasis promising springs of fresh water, always just out of reach. He knew the promise was an illusion, leading him ever closer to his death, and yet the need inside of him was so desperate and primal that it overrode all sense of reason. And besides, he had no options. Like the man in the desert, there was nothing but sand all around for as far as the eye could see. At least if he pressed on towards the mirage, he would die with hope rather than despair.
Ask me, said the Shadow Lord patiently. Kane could feel the Shadow Lord sucking on his fear, draining him dry.
Fine! Show it to me!

The moment he thought the words, the scenery changed. Kane’s chest nearly split apart with agonizing pain. 
He was on a battlefield, and he blinked up into a pair of sea green eyes flecked with gold, the eyes of the man who had just slain him. Kane knew those eyes as Peter’s, but the skin on either side was creased with years and streaked with mingled sweat and blood. Inexplicable hatred coursed through the veins he shared with the Shadow Lord. 
Somewhere in the back of his mind, Kane thought in amazement, I know this story… Inside his own head he had flashes of memory, watching the story through the books in the Secret Library, but from the perspective of Arthur, rather than Mordred…
Arthur fell to his knees, Kane’s blade protruding from his abdomen. “You did not defeat me,” Kane heard Arthur croak, “because the sword I hold is Excalibur.”
Kane wheezed with Mordred’s breath, feeling his lungs fill with blood. In his mind he screamed with fury. But he opened his mouth and spit blood upon the ground before he managed to choke out his final threat. “One day, I will find and destroy that sword. Then I will return, and there will be no one left to stop me!”
With those words, even the hatred began to lose its grip on his body. He felt himself begin to slip away. Dimly, he heard Arthur laughing, and he heard him utter the words, “You are too late!” Kane’s head fell back upon the ground, and vaguely, he felt himself wonder, what does that mean?
Kane knew the moment when Sargon’s spirit let go completely. It felt sort of like snapping off a particularly tenacious rubber glove. 
Then, he was not on the battlefield anymore. He was locked inside a rigid structure that felt very much the way the kaleidoscopic lake had done, except this one was all one color. Gold. 
He tried to move his limbs but this time they would not respond. He knew why – he had no limbs. His limbs were now a rigid gold blade, without joints or neural connections able to respond to his commands. He was trapped.
Kane had no idea how much time passed. It could have been seconds or eons – odd how time seemed to have no meaning when one had no contact whatsoever with the outside world. 
He forgot what it was to have senses. After awhile his thoughts became torpid, and he thought nothing at all. He simply was, or was not. He had no idea.
Then suddenly there was a flurry of color, cutting into his consciousness like stepping into the sunlight after endless ages inside a darkened cave. He had been ejected from one prison into another, but now he was able to behold his captor. It was a sword.
Excalibur.
There it was, the object of endless hours of obsessive study and fantasy, beckoning him forward with its seductive beauty.
It looked exactly how all the legends had said it would look. The blade was formed of purest gold and the hilt was of two entwined dragons, their eyes set with emeralds. Engraved in the blade were the characters of the Ancient Tongue. Kane knew well that one side said “Take Me Up,” and the other said “Cast Me Away.” Both had already been fulfilled in the history of the sword: Arthur had taken it up from the stone, and Lancelot had cast it into the Lake of Avalon from the banks of the Straits of Messina. 
This was what the Shadow Lord had wanted him to see. 
It’s the only way out, he heard Sargon whisper. The world has awaited this moment for thousands of years, when Excalibur would again fall into the hands of the Child of the Prophecy. They could both feel the deep longing swell in Kane’s chest at the words. The kaleidoscope still floated around him, but all he could see was that sword. 
Kane’s thoughts protested, but sluggishly, as if through a kind of drugged stupor. Didn’t the prophecy say that the sword had to be destroyed before the Shadow Lord could be defeated? It also said that the Shadow Lord would be defeated with Excalibur, in the hands of the Child of the Prophecy. He did not see how those two things could both be true, but Sargon had said that time had only tangential relevance to this place. Perhaps the laws of cause and effect no longer applied here. Besides, if he, Kane, had Excalibur at his mercy, then he would have to be the Child of the Prophecy, wouldn’t he?
Oh yes, said Sargon, you must be the Child of the Prophecy. You know that now, don’t you? How else could you and I end up here, side by side, at the end of all things – just you, me, and Excalibur?
Through the haze of his thoughts, an idea suddenly occurred to Kane. What would happen if he were to take Excalibur, run the Shadow Lord through … and then destroy it? The prophecy did not say it would happen in that order, but perhaps that was merely a technicality?
Try it and see, said Sargon, amused. 
Kane reached for the hilt and tried to grasp it, but his fingers passed cleanly through. It was there, he could see it, but his attempts were as useless as though he were a ghost. He tried again and again, but to no avail – it only glimmered like a delicious mirage. 
Just as the penumbra pass right through your world unobstructed by physical objects, so are we to Excalibur. Or, if you like, so is it to us. It belongs to all dimensions, and to none of them. 
Somewhere in the back of Kane’s mind, he saw the flash of a face. Isdemus. The image carried with it all the words of warning and prudence that Kane was sure he would say if he were there right then. It was the face of the one man who had cared enough to raise him as a son, when everybody else had rejected him. The one man Kane at once longed to please and yet despised for his blind conviction that Peter, and not he, was the One. If Kane obeyed the almost overwhelming desire within him at this moment, he would betray Isdemus beyond anything he could previously have imagined. 
Kane rallied with one last surge of violent effort. If I destroy it then you would be free! Never! 
You are the hope of mankind, Kane, Sargon insisted, his thoughts soft and lilting, like a lullaby. The whisper flowed into Kane’s mind like noxious gas penetrating through the cracks of a closed door, permeating his very existence. You know it, and I know it. Isn’t it time the rest of the world knows it too?
The voice in his mind that belonged to Isdemus warned him that no matter how pretty his words, nothing the Shadow Lord said could be trusted. But that voice grew quieter as the eternal seconds ticked by. 
You must destroy it, Sargon repeated. 
How? Kane thought desperately. I can’t touch it! Even if I could, I have no tools here. It’s made of metal, I’d have to melt it down…
To his great surprise, Sargon began to laugh, and the laugh vibrated through Kane’s very being. You cannot melt Excalibur! No tool conceived by man could ever leave so much as a scratch. No, Kane. There is only one way to do it, and you know what that is. 
Kane found that he did know. It was the only weapon he had left in this place. The Ancient Tongue.
Yes.
Then why don’t you say it? You know the Ancient Tongue as well as I do!
I know it far better, Sargon corrected, but I cannot touch the sword. I am bound by the curse of the prophecy. I cannot touch it, Kane, but you can. Of course you can. It is your destiny.
Kane had no arguments left. Sargon’s flattery was very nearly irresistible. 
Only speak the words, Sargon whispered. It can all end right here, right now.
About the Author



C.A. Gray is a Naturopathic Medical Doctor (NMD), with a primary care practice in Tucson, Arizona.  She has always been captivated by the power of a good story, fictional or otherwise, which is probably why she loves holistic medicine: a patient’s physical health is invariably intertwined with his or her life story, and she believes that the one can only be understood in context with the other.
She still wants to be everything when she grows up.  She moonlights as a college chemistry teacher (she has a degree in biochemistry, with minors in Spanish and Creative Writing), writes white papers for a supplement company, does theater when she gets the chance, and sings at her church. She is blessed with exceptionally supportive family and friends, and thanks God for them every single day! 



Publication-ready formatting by:
Daisy Bank Editing Services 
