

The Replacement
by
L.A.Frank


Copyright 2014 L.A.Frank
All Rights Reserved

Cover Photo by Kevin N. Murphy (https://www.flickr.com/photos/knmurphy/4572632224/sizes/l/)
Cover Design by Klare Frank

Smashwords Edition June 2014

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, trademarked products, events, and locations are
fictitious or are used fictitiously. Any resemblances to actual events or persons, living or dead, are
entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your enjoyment. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Find out more about this book and other works by L.A.Frank at https://www.thisislafrank.com


Connect with L.A.Frank online at:

https://www.thisislafrank.com and

https://www.twitter.com/thisislafrank



To my Woo, who provided the initial spark, and Sweets for the encouragement, M2F for listening to me, Kelli, Pam, and Mom, >^..^<, for the helpful advice and kitty inspiration. Love you, always.


The Replacement


Table of Contents:
Chapter One: Mac at Two Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Two: Mac at Day One of His Summer Job
Chapter Three: Me at Day One of My Summer Vacation
Chapter Four: Winnie at Day One of Her Summer Vacation
Chapter Five: Mac at Day Two of His Summer Job
Chapter Six: Min-Jun Before the Summer
Chapter Seven: Jung-Ja Before the Summer
Chapter Eight: Ji Hu Before the Summer
Chapter Nine: Shinwoo Before the Summer
Chapter Ten: Mac at Day Three of His Summer Job
Chapter Eleven: Me at Day three of My Summer Vacation
Chapter Twelve: Mac Past Two Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Thirteen: Me at Three Weeks of My Summer Vacation
Chapter Fourteen: Mac at Three Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Fifteen: Mac at Four Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Sixteen: Mac at Five Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Seventeen: Mac Still at Five Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Eighteen: Me at Five Weeks of My Summer Vacation
Chapter Nineteen: Doo Ri at Five Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Twenty: Leo at Five Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Twenty-One: Doo Ri Still at Five Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Twenty-Two: Mac at Six Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Twenty-Three: Me at Six Weeks of My Summer Vacation
Chapter Twenty-Four: Jung-Ja at Six Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Twenty-Five: Min-Jun at Six Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Twenty-Six: Me at Seven Weeks of My Summer Vacation
Chapter Twenty-Seven: Leo at Seven Weeks of Mac's Summer Job
Chapter Twenty-Eight: Mac at Eight Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Twenty-Nine: Jung-Ja at Eight Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Thirty: Mac at Nine Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-One: Shinwoo at Nine Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-Two: The Twins at Nine Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-Three: Mac at Ten Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-Four: The Twins at Ten Weeks of Mac's Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-Five: Mac at Ten Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-Six: Winnie at Ten Weeks of Her Summer Vacation
Chapter Thirty-Seven: Doo Ri at Ten Weeks of Mac's Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-Eight: Mac at Eleven Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Thirty-Nine: Shinwoo at Eleven Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job
Chapter Forty: Me at Eleven Weeks of My Summer Vacation
Chapter Forty-One: Mac at Twelve Weeks of His Summer Job
Chapter Forty-Two: Mac in September
Chapter Forty-Three: Me in September
Chapter Forty-Four: Min-Jun in September
Chapter Forty-Five: G5 in October
Chapter Forty-Six: Mac in October

The Replacement

Chapter One: Mac at Two Weeks of His Summer Job

“Aigoo!” someone exclaimed from the front of the sleek, white, conversion van. “Somebody pound Lunch Dog on the back. I don’t want his drink all over me before we stop!”
Min-Jun seethed inwardly. On the outside, he smiled politely and whacked the new guy, maybe a bit too hard. The managers hired Mac, the Lunch Dog, but gave the group no say in the matter. That was not right! The band should have chosen who replaced Jung-Ja. Had it been up to Min-Jun, this pretty American sitting in front of him in the van had already failed the cut. Were it up to Min-Jun, though, no one would make the cut to join the group. They should be split up by now and he, Min-Jun, be launched into his solo career. This new guy was just not a good fit. He dripped nice from every hair on that blond head. He even apologized to everyone for choking!
For two weeks Min-Jun lived with this new guy and had just about enough of him. Tonight was the true test. If Mac failed to perform at the concert, the managers would probably get rid of him. Min-Jun was certain Mac would fail, but just to be sure, he planned a little bit of his own insurance to help hasten the elimination. A few well-timed accidents were going to happen to Mac during this concert. Min-Jun hoped it would frustrate that flower boy so much that he would quit, if the management didn’t fire him first. He ensured that during the beginning number, Mac’s microphone would malfunction. Min-Jun was also going to cut one of the guy’s guitar strings just enough to break in the middle of his solo, stopping him from singing, ruining his debut. Finally, he was going to make sure Mac came on stage late, or not at all, for the last number, putting off the sequence and ruining the end of the performance. With any luck, the Lunch Dog would vomit all over the middle of the stage, like he’d been doing in their practices, and seal his own fate. Now, that would be perfect! A slow smile spread across Min-Jun’s face as he pictured the scene, puke all over and hundreds of shocked fans looking on with disgust.
Mac was choking on the last swallow of his energy drink. It was widely apparent by his gasping and coughing. In the seat somewhere behind him, an arm reached up and hit him everywhere except his back, making him gasp all the louder and briefly taking his focus away from what had caused him to choke in the first place. A hand waved a paper airline barf bag in front of his face, adding to the insults.
“Come on, Lunch Dog,” someone whined. “Get a grip! We’re going to be stopping soon and it won’t look good to have anything but a smile on that beautiful, white face. You can’t disappoint our adoring fans, now can you?”
"Sorry," Mac managed to spurt out, in between his coughing and gasping.
The sarcasm, thick in the van, was all aimed toward Mac, the new guy, but stopping his choking proved easier said than done. Mac still reeled from his mistaken swallow. They were being a little harsh, but it was not unexpected from these guys. They didn’t exactly count him as one of them. He was only two weeks into his summer job, the hardest job he had ever held. When the van stopped, and everyone piled out, it would be Mac’s debut with the popular, South Korean boy band, G5. He had to get through the whole performance tonight, singing and dancing in a too tight-fitting, leather and sequined jacket, stretch trousers, and barely broken in, high-top sneakers. Matching the dance steps of his four companions, his vocals must be pitch perfect and timing exact. Worse, though, was the solo that he was performing during the concert. Alone on stage in front of hundreds of spectators, that, more than anything, was making Mac so nervous, he might, indeed, vomit up the last of that energy drink.
Every time the group ran through the whole performance in practice, the last few days, Mac ended up emptying his stomach before the last number. Once, he did it right on the floor in the practice room, not making it to restroom, causing a few hours of delay, while the mess was mopped up and the smell filtered out of the room. Embarrassing, it earned him yet another derogatory name, in addition to “Hey, You!” Lunch Dog was an awful nickname, but fitting, since Mac usually vomited up his lunch. For Mac, a combination of overactive nerves, excessive exercise, and probably a weak system, leftover from a childhood illness, didn’t mix well within his body.
“Thank God Lunch Dog isn’t doing all the numbers,” Min-Jun said from the back seat. “He’d never make it through. Look at him, now. He’s shaking like a leaf and his face is whiter than the lines on the pavement.”
“Min-Jun,” the manager up front said, “leave Mac alone. It’s his first concert. You guys all had a lot of time to work up to this point. Mac’s being thrown into the fire with only two weeks of practice.”
“Min-Jun’s right. He’d never make it through the more complicated numbers in the second half,” Ji Hu echoed from beside Mac in the middle of the van.
“You guys trained on those numbers for months. Of course he can’t do them, yet! He’ll need weeks to get up to your level.” The manager still stuck up for Mac. “He’ll do the first few numbers, his solo, come back on stage for the last few pieces, and then it will be over.”
Or, at least this particular concert will be over. Mac swallowed hard. He still had the option to back out of the contract after this performance, if he wanted, and right now, he was thinking seriously of doing exactly that. He didn’t know if he could take another case of nerves like he had going on right now. His stomach protested loudly. He heard it even over the crowd noise, and his head pounded in time to the beat Leo annoyingly tapped on the seat near the door.
“When he flops, you managers can exercise your option to let him go,” Min-Jun said. “It is probably just as well that he’s not doing all the numbers. The audience won’t notice, as much, if he isn’t there for the next concert and we get somebody else to replace him…somebody that is really Korean and not just made up to look like one, like this American Dog.”
“Enough, Min-Jun,” Shinwoo said. “We’ve got to get through this concert, right now, and with all five of us, including the Dog. Enough,” he repeated. “Mac will perform. We were all nervous at our first few concerts, so give him a break. Shut up and put that darling smile on your face for the fans before the van stops and the door opens.”
Shinwoo reached forward from the back seat and popped Mac on the head. “Same for you, Mac. Pull your eyes away from that window and put a smile on your face.” He paused then added in English, “And for God’s sake, don’t throw up in front of our fans.”
Mac wasn’t nearly this nervous when he got into the van earlier. He had been on stage by himself before, but that was only singing to a few people in a coffee house. Still, he thought he could handle this first concert, no problem. As the van rounded the corner of the block on the final approach to the performance center, however, Mac got a good view of the fans outside. People packed the area so tightly that it seemed like a raging river with signs bobbing up and down in the current. Hundreds of fans waved excitedly, jumped up and down, screamed, held signs, and pointed right at the van, his van. Even in his wildest dreams, he never imagined that many excited people in one place at one time. How the heck did he get himself into this? Why did he sign that contract? Why did he agree to this job? He grabbed the barf bag and clutched it, just in case, as he stared out the window, mesmerized by the crowd. Screaming teens engulfed the van as soon as it stopped, pressing in closely, the sound deafening, louder than anything Mac had ever heard before, except maybe his heartbeat thundering in his ears. A hand reached up and smacked the window right in front of his face and Mac jerked back, startled. He didn’t care, at this point, if they all laughed at him inside the van.
“Mac! Hey Mac!” Fingers waved in front of his face. “Come on!”
The van had halted and everyone else had already exited. The band manager stopped trying to get Mac’s attention. Grabbing the barf bag out of Mac’s hand, he pulled him toward the door and the hoards of screaming fans, surging and pushing towards the van.
“Don’t worry. We’ve only got to walk a few feet and we’ll be inside,” the manager said.
He pulled Mac out the door and the volume from the crowd increased ten-fold. Fans pushed against the barriers and security guards, thrusting out their hands to grab or touch anything.
“G5!, Shinwoo, I love you!”
"OMG! Leo!"
"You're so cute, Ji Hu!" 
The screams erupted painfully close to Mac’s ears, too close for comfort. The guards held the fans back so that the group could safely get from the van into the building. Walking casually, with a swagger to their step, the other guys smiled, waved at the crowd and stopped to sign a few autographs along the way. To them, it was a stroll in the park, just another day on the job. To Mac, this was what the beaches at Normandy during World War II must have been like. Only here the Germans weren’t attacking, it was an army of teenage girls. Instead of being showered by bullets, piercing screams assaulted his eardrums.
Mac followed the other guys, half staggering, half pushed along by the band manager taking up the rear. Somehow, he got through those few feet and into the door of the performance center. He didn’t remember to smile, he was sure, but at least he didn’t trip on anything and fall flat on his face. He looked as shocked as he felt, a deer in the headlights, his face whiter than his now perfectly polished teeth. The door shut behind him and the volume instantly decreased. Would he make it through the night? He wasn’t sure. He never, ever imagined that he’d be in this situation.
Mac got whisked upstairs and put in a chair for the finishing touches on his hair and makeup. He appeared as a totally different person afterward, but that was the point. He wasn’t supposed to look like his normal self. Unless someone stood two feet away from his face, when the makeup artist finished, he was an exact duplicate of the other four of his group, except for the hair color and style. It was actually a relief to Mac that he didn’t look like his usual self, and he would find, it came in handy later when he wanted to go out on his own. No one recognized him.
Hair styled, makeup finished, tight clothes feeling like they cut off his circulation, Mac stood on the dark stage, in position with the group for the first number. His heart thumped as hard as the drums coming from the backup band behind them. The lights hit, and Mac heard the cue for the first number. At the same time, his microphone cracked, shocking him so that he jumped slightly, but he continued the routine, as he had been taught through the last two weeks of constant drilling. Time sped up and everything went by lightening fast. He didn’t trip. He didn’t choke. He wasn’t off key and didn’t throw up, at least not then. The first number blurred by with only a few minor errors on his part and was over before he knew it. He was ashamed that he had made any mistakes at all, having completed the number so many times that he was sure he danced it in his sleep all night long. The group progressed right into the second number, and then everyone ran backstage to change for the next few songs.
“Sorry about the mic,” a technician said to Mac as he came backstage. “We discovered a problem and fixed it at the last minute. I saw you jump, so sorry if you got a bit of a shock.” The man apologized to him, bowing a few times.
Mac could only nod. He was trying to stay upright while hands stripped off his leather jacket and trousers and others patted down his dripping torso. Sweat rolled off of him, soaking into his underwear, which now clung to his body. And that’s why they made me switch from cotton boxers to knit briefs, Mac thought. The cool towel someone mopped him with felt good, but then he glanced around and blushed red from the tips of his hair to his toes.
He knew about the costume changes and practiced them with the wardrobe staff several times, to make sure he understood how and what he must do to change quickly. They even ran through the changes right here, backstage, yesterday. What he wasn’t prepared for was all the people backstage. Right now, practically naked, well, he might as well be naked as much as his underwear clung to him, stage hands rushed past, managers and staff flitted everywhere, and people with backstage passes hung out in the wings. To top matters off, Min-Jun walked by, glanced at him, and smirked.
Before he had time to contemplate the look from Min-Jun, he was stuffed into the next outfit, wet underwear and all. Someone shoved a bottle of water at him and he swallowed twice before being pushed toward the stage lights, again.
“Mac? You all right? You’re a little green.” The stage manager questioned him.
Mac nodded. “I’ll survive.”
“Walk to center stage, pick up your guitar and do your solo,” the manager instructed, “just like practice.”
Mac did as told. He walked to center stage while the audience cheered and clapped. Grabbing his guitar, already in a stand next to him, he sat down on a tall stool. A hot spotlight shone directly on his head, contributing to his headache. Knowing the managers were observing him from backstage, he wanted to do well in this performance. Knowing that the guys were probably watching, too, he wanted to sing well and show them that he could do the solo. They all doubted him and he didn’t like that at all. A tiny bit of himself doubted his abilities, too, though, contributing to his anxiety. If anything went wrong, the management might elect to end his contract. They had only put in two weeks of effort with him. They could get someone else and coach that other person up to speed in another two weeks, probably. Still, it wouldn’t be good for them to keep switching replacements. On the other hand, he probably would be the one canceling after tonight, not the management.
With all those comments and more banging around in his already hammering head, Mac tightly wrapped his fingers around the neck of his guitar then let them relax. He told himself this was nothing more than another coffee house performance, albeit a large one. So shape up, he admonished himself, and get on with it!
Mac already knew what song he was singing. It was one of his own. Surprised that they wanted him to sing this particular one, he had tried to get them to pick a different song. They were firm in insisting it be this one. Before being thrust into this band, Mac used to spend hours playing his guitar and composing his own songs. He was happy that they were letting him play one of his own, and not one from the other members. The song they picked, however, was a challenging one for Mac to sing because he had to be careful to keep his emotions in check. He must also sing it mostly in Korean, and not the American English in which it was originally composed. At home, whenever he sang it, he ended up nearly crying by the end, so emotional of a song was it for him. Singing it in the coffee house, Mac could never get through to the end, so he usually stopped before the last line. He had composed the song, originally, for Mallory. When he sang, of course, it brought up memories of her and tears to his eyes. He remembered her smiling at him and her large, sparkling brown eyes.
He took a deep breath, thinking of the song, then of Mallory, and almost choked up. He sensed tears coming already. He gulped in another large breath of air and let it out slowly, then tried a practice strum on his guitar and instantly knew something was wrong. Taking a look, he saw that one of the strings was slack.
Great. My first big solo and I have an equipment malfunction, he thought. Making a split second decision, he took another deep breath and said softly, “This is for you. Keep me strong.”
The crowd went wild. He didn’t hear them, though, at that point. All sounds had ceased the moment he took that last breath. Mac sat alone with his broken guitar. No, he wasn't quite alone. Mallory was there with him.
He had never actually encountered her when he was awake. Mac always felt the overwhelming sadness, like in his dreams, going into this song, but when he raised his head up from the broken guitar, he noticed Mallory sitting there, on the fringes of the shadows at the edge of the stage, smiling at him. He blinked a few times, but she stayed in his vision. He saw her eyes shining at him and they held him, mesmerizing him. He sang, a cappella, still clutching the guitar in his hands.
With the lights focused on stage, it was difficult to see anything beyond a few feet. Singing this slow, sad song, it became easy for his mind to go somewhere else. He drifted. The flower petals floated across the stage as he sang about them in the song. Their creamy, pink colors swirled with the wind in perfect sine waves. It was spring, again, with the air cool and heady, full of the fragrance of the blossoms. She smiled at him from the edge of the shadows and the petals twirled and danced. He sang through the final chorus and to the last line. Seeing her smiling, he sensed her as never before.
“And the blossoms fell like rain, and the tears began, again,” he sang.
That was it. That was the last line. He did it. He got through the whole song, including the last line. Mac watched his hands shaking, still gripping the broken guitar, then searched the shadows at the edge of the stage. Mallory was gone. Back from his dream state, the blossoms vanished. Silence greeted him, now. Not a sound came from the dark area beyond the stage where he knew the audience sat. Did he flop? Was he off tune? Did he say something wrong in his hasty Korean translation of the song? He brushed the tear that trickled down his cheek, a leftover from his emotional state, and heard a gasp from the audience.
The silence only lasted a few seconds before it was replaced with cheering and clapping, and more screaming. Mac had made it through his solo. He felt like he had not slept in three days, he was so drained, but somehow he walked off the stage, with the broken guitar in tow. He was immediately clapped on the back.
“Good job! They loved it,” the manager bellowed into Mac’s ear over the roar of the crowd. “That was brilliant to do it without the guitar.”
“I had to,” Mac explained, and showed him the instrument.
And then the costume change started all over again, to get prepared for the last few numbers. Everyone else had taken a break while Mac performed his solo, so they appeared fresh for the next few numbers. Mac, on the other hand, was ready to collapse, but somehow managed to stay standing, practically naked, shaking in his wet underwear, while someone frantically searched for his missing costume. Nearly late getting onto stage for the final numbers, his new outfit fitted on him at the last second, he ran back out to finish the performance. How he did finish, he never knew, but somehow he got to the end of the show before throwing up.


Chapter Two: Mac at Day One of His Summer Job

Mac guessed he took after his grandfather for his love of math and physics. Wherever he went, what ever he did, he saw patterns in everything and tried to solve problems by addressing things logically. His grandfather was like that, too, with a career in engineering. However, after retirement, Grandfather moved back home and took over the family farm. Then, again, maybe he took after his mother or aunt. They both excelled with their careers in managing and teaching. He was good at managing people and getting results in situations with the odds stacked against success. Perhaps he took after his father, a professor of software engineering, since he enjoyed computers and programming. Who knew where Mac acquired his strengths and talents? His family certainly didn’t know even though they liked to believe that his genes came directly from their lineage. The fact was Mac never knew his birth parents. He was adopted.
Even though Mac was loved and showered with affection by all his family, he knew he was very different from them. For starters, he looked nothing like any of them, having, probably, not an ounce of Asian blood in his body. Just over six feet tall, he towered above all of them, even his father, the next tallest. Where all his family sported dark hair and eyes, he was the opposite, with blond hair so light it was almost white, and crystal clear, large, blue eyes. At ten years of age, his mother actually colored in his eyebrows for him so that they would show up on his face after kids teased him saying he didn’t have any. At that point, Mac had them, but they were lightly colored, like his hair. That hair, too, grew so thick that Mac referred to it as his space alien, with a mind of its own. He kept it clean and cut a reasonable length, but that was about it. If he combed it, which he usually did after he showered each day, ten minutes later disaster reigned, no matter what he did or what hair products he used.
He was adopted at ten years of age. His parents lost their only child in a long battle from cancer. Feeling the loneliness, they decided to take Mac in as a their foster child, and ended up adopting him a year later. Both from South Korea, his parents immigrated to the United States when they were in college. All the rest of the family was still back in South Korea. Mac had met most of his extended family when they visited, but he had never been to South Korea. His mother never went back to her home country, either, although his father traveled frequently to see his family and meet with colleagues.
Affectionately called the black sheep of the family, even though he was far from that color, Mac stood out, at family gatherings, literally. Growing up, it was always a joke in the family to watch the reactions of outsiders. Of course, they did what other foreign families often do, and talked in the language that they were most comfortable speaking. People stared at their little threesome happily chatting in Korean as they munched their pizza at a local restaurant or shouted back and forth to each other on a hike. The only language spoken at home, Mac picked up Korean quickly, once he joined the family. He also learned how to read the Korean characters. It took him a while to get through the Korean newspaper that his father rapidly scanned each morning, but his father helped Mac to learn by quizzing him each night. Also taught to use manners, his mother ensured that Mac followed her instructions. Manners provided structure and a sense of order in situations that might otherwise have been difficult for him.
So how did Mac end up in a K-pop band in South Korea? He guessed fate had a lot to do with it, and the desire for a well-paying summer job. Mac’s parents, although not poor, were not extremely rich, either. The family lived comfortably, in a three-bedroom, two-story house, in a neighborhood where most of the dwellings were exactly alike if not for a few, slight architectural changes. Mac got good enough grades in school to have earned a scholastic scholarship for college, but, in today’s economy, the amount in that scholarship was not enough to pay for a whole semester’s tuition, books, room and board. His parents offered to help with the expenses, and did contribute some, but he preferred to work to make up the difference from his scholarship, and he liked to have some money for other things, too. Mac enjoyed being independent, and he knew his parents were proud that he had that ambition. They worked hard during their careers, and still did, to give them and particularly Mac, a home to feel comfortable. So, Mac started in his early teens earning pocket money by mowing lawns, raking leaves, and babysitting. He graduated to a fast food place when he turned fifteen, and moved up to a coffee house at seventeen.
Mac still worked at a coffee house close to his campus, on the local main street in town. He landed that job shortly after he started college. The work was great, but he was addicted to good coffee, now. He was also hooked on playing his guitar, singing, and composing. The coffee house held open mic night every Tuesday, and he could usually be found sitting in front of that microphone, singing his songs. It helped him to relieve some of the stress of school because, when he was singing and playing, he could, and did, let his mind wander. Still, Mac was nervous the first time he performed. He remembered that night because it thrust him on the stage by accident. Working the evening shift at the coffee house, manning the counter, Mac studied for his calculus class at the same time.
“Mac,” his manager poked him in the ribs, “why don’t you get your nose out of that book and go clean up the tables. It’s pretty slow in here tonight. You can sit down afterward with a cup of that special dark roast that you like.”
Sometimes, when it was slow, Mac’s manager let him sit in the corner and study until business picked up.
“Sure,” Mac said, thinking of the smooth, strong roast with a subtle flavor of maple and walnuts. A cup of coffee, especially a good one like that, was always welcome.
“Didn't you have some guy coming in to sing tonight?”
“Yah, I did,” his manager said with a frown. “The dude brought his stuff, and got all set up, but ducked out for some emergency at home. Said he’d be back to get his equipment later.”
It sounded like the manager was a bit disappointed that his first open mic night had fizzled.
“Say,” he said, with a sudden gleam in his eye. “Don’t you know how to play the guitar? Get over there and play me something.”
“Me?” Mac glanced back at his calculus book lying open on the end of the counter. “I figured I’d be able to get in more time for my class.”
“Oh, forget that book for tonight. You’ve had your head in it for two hours, already. Clean the tables then play me something.” He pointed over to the guitar sitting in the open case.
Mac gathered up the rest of the empty cups from the tables and carted them over to the sink, dropping them in the soapy water to soak. Walking back to the guitar case, he took his apron off over his head and tossed it on another empty table. The few patrons in the house glanced over, curious. The guitar was nothing fancy, and that suited him just fine, but it was dicey playing on borrowed equipment. Mac picked it up, tuned it a bit, then started in on a song he wrote a while back. After he finished that song, he kept on going with some of his other pieces, realizing that it was nice to play and sing and not have to worry about whether his homework was done, the date of the next exam, or if he was going to be able to get enough sleep before his classes started tomorrow. He let it all go.
After that night, Mac’s manager asked him to play for every open mic night, and gradually the number of customers picked up until open mic night was standing room only. Grateful for the opportunity to try out his new songs and sing his old ones, Mac got much better with the guitar, too. He even played the keyboard, sometimes. His mother made him take lessons for a few years, so he knew how to play, but when it became apparent that he was not a child prodigy, she let him quit. It surprised Mac that most of those old lessons came back to him and, like the guitar, he improved on the keyboard until it became easy to play his songs on either.
Open mic night also paid more, with the tips from the jar on the edge of the tiny stage. That helped go towards college expenses, too. He counted every penny and watched where every cent went. Frugal with his dining, he did not sign up for a meal plan at school, but ate ramen noodles, searched the local supermarket day-old bins and sale items, and consumed the stale muffins from the coffee house. Whenever he visited home, his mom sent him back with a mountain of food and he carefully savored those packages as long as he could. Truthfully, though, he didn’t think his room mate would have minded if he gave up bringing food from home. Some of those dishes, especially the home made kimchi, were pretty fragrant, or “God-awful” stinky as Brad told him. He loved them, though, and ate every bite, often with a pair of chopsticks that his aunt gave him at some past Christmas. His room mate laughed at him because, to Brad, it was amusing to see Mac always eating with chopsticks. Brad laughed the day Mac brought them with him to eat lunch in the cafeteria. Kind of embarrassed to use them, since no one else did, to tell the truth, he was more comfortable with his chopsticks than using a fork. After that first time, he always tucked a pair into his jacket or backpack. He didn’t care what other people thought. He’d already been branded a geeky nerd by his room mate because Mac majored in engineering, knew how to fix his own computer, and loved math. His room mate also said that he must be a reincarnated Asian and that was why he had Korean parents and ate with chopsticks. Who knew?
Even with money from the coffee house, though, Mac still needed more to pay for the high cost of college. He wanted to stay in school without having to ask for too much money from his parents, but the bills were steep. He needed to find something else for the summer to earn enough for the next year, and the upcoming tuition increase. With two years left for his undergraduate degree, Mac knew the best time to make more money was during the summer, if he didn’t take classes. The coffee house wouldn’t bring in enough business then, with most of the students gone from campus. That was true for the rest of the businesses in town. That meant Mac must find a summer job somewhere else. He could go back home, but there wasn’t much there, either. He heard that he might be able to get work at the beach, about four hours away. During the summer months, it was packed with vacationers. He’d have to find a place to live there, though, and that cost money, too.
Mac was thinking about riding the bus down there one weekend to check out the beach job prospects when his mother asked him if he’d like to go to South Korea for the summer. Mac’s aunt invited him and his mother to spend the whole summer at her house in Seoul. His aunt promised Mac a job, too, working for a friend of his uncle. Hauling equipment on and off stages for the different groups that his uncle’s friend sponsored in an entertainment agency, the job paid enough to cover some of tuition for the next semester. His uncle would take him to meet the friend after he and his mother arrived and got settled. On Mac’s days off, his aunt and mother were going to show him different sights in and around Seoul, and they also agreed to go out to the country to visit the home of Mac’s father.
Mac knew why his mother never went back to South Korea, so he was shocked that she decided to take the trip. It would be hard for her, he realized, but he would be with her, so maybe that would help. She’d enjoy seeing her sister, too. Mac knew the two of them had been pretty close, growing up. When his aunt and uncle came to visit, he always enjoyed hearing the stories about their childhood. Perhaps this was going to be a good summer.
Mac’s job set for the summer, he concentrated, after that, keeping his grades up to the high standards his parents expected of him and kept on working in the coffee house and singing his songs. He finished the semester, collapsed at home for a few days, washed mountains of dirty laundry that had accumulated at school, and ate like there was no tomorrow. He packed his bag with new clothes that his mom insisted on shopping for once she saw the condition of his school clothes, but threw in some of his old favorites, too.
“We’re not arriving in Seoul with you wearing clothes that only a homeless bum would love,” she said.
“They’re comfortable. I hate scratchy. I like them loose and worn in.”
“You can have them comfortable and loose, just not with so many holes they look like cheese.” She pointed to a shirt he was tucking on top of his suitcase. “And you’re not taking that t-shirt. The words on it border on obscene.”
“This one?” he said, fingering his favorite, loud shirt. “There’s probably a thousand other students on campus running around with the same shirt. It isn’t obscene. You gotta read the whole thing.”
“I don’t want your cousins translating it. I’m not fighting about it. No negotiations.”
Mac shrugged. “Fine. I won’t pack it.”
He gave in easily. He might not take that particular shirt, but he packed plenty of other ones just as loud and questionable. If she knew, she’d ask to examine the whole contents of his suitcase like he was ten years old. Besides, if he gave in on the shirt, then she wouldn’t notice that he was only taking his worn canvas sneakers and no other shoes. So comfy that he nearly slept in them, they used to be neon green and blue plaid. Now they were faded and the color wasn’t discernible. They had a hole in one shoe where his baby toe peaked through.
All packed and ready to go, he and his mom sat in the lounge at the airport waiting for the flight.
“Mom,” Mac said, “Do you want some coffee?”
He gazed longingly at the cup of coffee that the passenger across the aisle was drinking. He could feel the beginnings of a caffeine withdrawal headache.
“I’m going to go get a cup,” he said.
“You are going to eat your insides raw drinking all that coffee. Why can’t you drink some tea, instead?”
She was just kidding, Mac knew. She only drank tea, not liking the taste of coffee.
“Oh, go ahead. I suppose if you don’t get some you’ll start to get grouchy. I don’t want to spend the whole flight with you in a mood.” She smiled and patted his knee, like he was a little boy.
With his sights on the nearest shop where he could get coffee, Mac stood, turned, and promptly tripped over the carry on bag of the passenger across from him, knocking it and himself down in a clumsy splat.
“Oh my gosh! Are you all right?” Mac heard.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean…”
He got up, set the bag right and started to apologize. Staring at him were the most lovely eyes, set in the face of the sweetest girl he had ever seen.


Chapter Three: Me at Day One of My Summer Vacation

I was haunted by my father. Every time I considered returning to South Korea, I pictured my father on that day I left. He was full of hatred for my decision. I loved him dearly, at that time in my life, but hated the choices he made for me, without asking my permission. He always did his best to protect me and my sister from the outside world. He chose the top schools, gave us the finest clothes to wear, and picked where we would vacation each year. He dictated what and how much we studied, who we were allowed to date, even the foods we were allowed to eat.
When I was growing up, I ran to him with every cut or scrape, not my mother. I rushed, at the end of the day when he returned home from work, to tell him all about school and what I had learned. I waited, expectantly, at bedtime, to hear him read a story to me and my sister. I worshiped the ground he walked on until my last year in high school. When it came time to apply for college, my mind pictured a very different future than what my father wanted for me, and my father did not agree with it. And so, my path took a turn I never envisioned. Was it a turn for the better? For the last thirty-four years, I thought so. I gave birth to the world’s loveliest daughter, and now lived with a handsome son, whom I adored. If I could just stop my father from haunting me, my life would be so much better.
I watched Dan stumble over a suitcase at the airport and look into the eyes of that pretty girl across the aisle and smiled to myself. He never dated much throughout high school, and I didn’t think he did in college, either. It certainly wasn’t because of his appearance. Girls chased after him like flies to honey, despite that mop head of hair he sported. He liked the girls all right, too. During high school, they were constantly at our door, wanting to be the one to be by his side. At first, it was shocking to realize that my son was considered attractive. But after a while, I came to understand that it went deeper than looks. He was nice. He was humble and those qualities, more than anything, seemed to attract not just the girls, but many of the kids at school. He possessed more friends than probably most students, but he never ran with the popular crowd, and never had a best friend. He didn’t go out for sports, even though he worked out religiously at the weight set in our basement, rode his mountain bike, and jogged the trails along the creek. Marching band was the closest he got to an actual school sport, I guess. Although he tells people that he made “good enough” grades in high school, he studied constantly and graduated near the top of his class. Dan was still, after many years living with my husband and me, somewhat of a mystery. So, seeing him speechless in front of a pretty girl was surprising and refreshing. It made me realize how much he had grown in those years and reminded me that I didn’t have a little boy, anymore.
It was hard, at first, when we took him in as our foster child. Very introverted, never saying much, he kept to himself. He melted my heart with his sad eyes. He was like a fifty year-old soul living in a nine year-old body. We got him the guitar thinking to bring him out of his shell with a hobby and music stayed with him, on and off, through the years. He learned Korean very quickly, to our surprise, and seemed to enjoy our food, even learned how to make special dishes for birthdays and such. That first year, he cried a lot, quietly, but never in front of us. Sam and I often talked about him as we discussed many things, in bed, behind our closed door.
“I noticed Dan crying, again, when I peeked in his room. He pretended to be sleeping,” I said. “It breaks my heart not to be able to wrap my arms around him and comfort him, but he won’t let me.”
“Leave him be. He’ll adjust,” Sam said.
I ignored Sam. “What do you think he cries about?”
“He may be just a kid, but if he hides it from you, he’s old enough that he doesn’t want you to know. He wants to be left alone,” Sam said. “Lord knows he’s got a boatload to be sad about, not having ever known a real mother and having lived in a bunch of different foster homes. Let him get used to things here. He’ll be fine. Give him time.”
“Do you think he was a trouble-maker and that’s why he had so many foster homes? I mean he must have been a problem to have been bounced so many times.”
“No. I don’t think he makes trouble. He’s a different type of kid. He’s so introverted around adults that it’s going to take a while for him to come out of his shell, if ever.” Sam patted my arm in the dark. “I’m sure you’ll fix that, though.”
“What do you mean by that?” I said. “What are you insinuating?”
“You’re soothing and friendly, that’s all. You’re like a fairy tale princess. You can make birds eat out of your hand.”
I pictured myself sitting on the back deck amidst a flock of bluebirds. One perched on my shoulder and I coaxed it to sit on my finger and eat a seed. I giggled. Sam was sweet.
“Just leave him alone,” Sam repeated. “He’s not that little of a boy. Neither one of us knows about his past life, but I can bet, because he’s so reluctant to talk, he wasn’t treated all that well. Let’s just make him feel welcome and the rest will follow. Maybe no one ever made an effort to get to know him.” Sam was quiet for a minute, then added, “if he would only go to sleep now and then, that would be a start.”
Dan stayed up very late at night, no matter how hard he was scolded to go to sleep. He would start to look haggard, with deep-set, sunken, glazed eyes. After a few nights of sleeplessness, though, he would crash for hours and wake up refreshed and normal. Even with his strange sleeping habits and quiet nature, eventually he crossed over a line where he was suddenly part of the family and not just our foster child. He climbed out of his shell and became a very nice, loveable young man. While we never forgot our little girl, he helped to heal the hole in our hearts. We loved Dan, now, as if he was our natural child, and, I was sure, he also loved us just as much.
Now, taking him back to my homeland, I was proud to be able to call him my son. However, I was not sure what kind of reception we would get from my parents. Not back to Seoul since I left for college, I had neither seen nor spoken directly with my father since then. While I kept in touch with my sister and she filled me in on the news, it was going to be difficult to see my parents after so long. Did time heal bad feelings? I didn’t know and it scared me to find out.
Dan walked back to our seats in the waiting area loaded down with coffee, snacks and a smile. Of course, he was only called Dan within our family. Everyone else always called him Mac, after his original last name of MacBryde. When we adopted him, we all decided that it would be better for him, and less confusing for outsiders if he changed his name. He kept his original name as his middle name, though, and now he was Daniel MacBryde Young.
I smiled seeing Dan look around for the girl whose suitcase he tripped over. Yep, he liked her.
“She left on the flight to Japan,” I said, my head buried in my magazine.
“Who?” Dan tried to appear innocent.
“That girl you gawked over after tripping. That’s who.”
“Oh, right, that girl!”
He was actually blushing! My son’s cheeks were turning a pretty shade of rose.
“Yes, that girl. She’s traveling with her father, who is working in Japan, right now,” I said. “She's apparently, spending the summer over there, just like you are spending the summer with me. She was very charming. We chatted a little bit while she was waiting to board.”
“Oh.” He sat down with a plop. “Do you talk with everyone, or only the cute girls?”
“I try not to be prejudice, so I talk with almost anyone. You ought to know that, after living with me for so long,” I said, then chuckled.
I bet I could strike up a conversation with almost anyone. I must have a trusting face because people open up with me. Over the years I had met some very interesting characters, in airports, at the grocery store, standing in line at the post office, just about everywhere.
“Don’t forget to sleep on the flight. I don’t want to fight with you, but you have to get in a few hours of shut eye, at least,” I reasoned with him. “It is a lengthy flight, and once we get off the plane, it will be a long day getting used to the time change.”
I think I was talking to a wall, now. He had his tablet out and was busy entering something in it. I only saw, by a barely discernible nod of his head, that he even heard me.
Later, aboard the plane, it was me that had trouble sleeping. Usually I can fall asleep anywhere, at any time. I was kept awake worrying about whether I should see my father and if I did, would he even speak to me. With a running script of what I could say to him going on in my head, nothing seemed to be good enough. After I finally did fall asleep, I dreamed of that day, so long ago, when I said good-bye.
Every time I remembered the day I left South Korea, it was always cold. Snow swirled down, mixed with freezing rain, leaving everything heavy and wet. In reality, it was summer when I left, and the day was very hot but the air conditioning in the house kept the temperature cool.
My family lived in an historical section of Seoul. I attended an exclusive private school, along with my sister, and shared a bedroom with her. Growing up, the two of us talked, at night, about our dreams for the future. Hye Soon wanted to be a teacher, molding young minds and steering them toward their destiny. She imagined herself sitting on a cushion, telling a story to twenty munchkins while they slowly closed their eyes at nap time. I, on the other hand, always dreamed of studying English literature. I loved everything English and pictured myself moving to England and living happily ever after in a large mansion with Jane Austin’s Mr. Darcy. I hoped to prowl the streets of London and visualize the Artful Dodger running through the back alleys. I imagined a visit to Stratford-Upon-Avon, the birthplace of Shakespeare.
The only problem with my dream was that my father was totally against it. He insisted I study accounting and join his firm after I earned my degree. He could get me a good husband if I worked in his company for a few years and learned how to manage the accounts, as I would learn to manage a large household. I hated math, although I was not bad at it. My first year at college, I secretly put English literature books that I’d borrowed from the school library in my backpack and read them propped inside an accounting book. He would peek into my room at night and see me diligently studying my accounting. He never knew that I was reading all about Jane Eyre, or David Copperfield, devouring anything and everything English behind the covers of my accounting book.
Determined to study English literature, I applied to several schools in England and the United States. I never told anyone, except Hye Soon, that I had applied to the other schools. Each day, I anxiously looked on my desk for any new mail that had been delivered to me. One day in February, a fat envelope from the United States arrived. Accepted, conditionally, to a university there, I must enroll in their English language classes first, and pass, before I could become a full-time student. Classes began in June and, upon passing, I could be an English literature student by the fall semester in September.
I was elated and terrified at the same time. Elated that I had an avenue to actually pursue my dream. Terrified because I needed to tell my father. I discussed different approaches with Hye Soon and, together, we decided on my birthday I would ask for this as my present.
The day of my birthday came soon, but instead of it being a happy occasion, I was so worried that I actually made myself sick. Down in bed with chills and a fever, I shivered with fright. Finally, after father returned from work that night, I stumbled to the dinner table and slumped, weak and white. A thin, rectangular box, tied with a pink ribbon, sat at my place. My father smiled at me.
“Hye Ji, here is your birthday present. It is something you will need, going forward in life. But I do hope, going forward, you are well enough to use this.” He inspected me closely. “You do not look well enough now. Are you feeling fine?”
“I’ve not been well today, father,” I said. “But getting this gift cheers me.”
I took a deep breath and started my prepared speech, thinking I’d better get it over before I chickened out.
“However, before I open this present, let me ask you, instead, for a different gift on my birthday this year.”
Hye Soon held her breath, next to me, and squeezed my hand under the table. It gave me more courage. My father seemed puzzled and not at all pleased.
“What do you mean? I already gave you a present. It is sitting right in front of you. Go ahead and open it.”
Father had a temper, and tell-tale signs of it boiled, just under the surface of his carefully composed face. After years of living with him, my sister and I recognized the signs. The corners of his mouth tightened in a straight line. If he exploded, there was no turning back. However, at this stage of his anger, he could be tamed, just not easily. Mother was an expert, but I had not included Mother in my secret. She tried, though, to calm my father, and it did work, somewhat. Relieved and now determined, I continued with my request.
“Father,” I started, again, “I am overjoyed that you remembered me today and brought me a special present. However, I am asking you, now, if I can exchange this present for one wish.”
Captivated by me, everyone at the table stared. The cook stood in the kitchen doorway, also listening. Two house maids hovered near the dining room.
“What!?” my father barked. “You want a wish instead of this beautiful present I brought you? What do you want?” He strained now, to control himself, his mouth in a tight, thin line.
I cleared my throat then said, “I want to study abroad.”
Everyone gasped.
“You want to do what?! Study abroad?” My father boiled. “Why would you want to do that when you are already studying at a perfectly good university? No, I will not send you abroad. You will continue your courses here and, when done, enter the accounting department at my firm, as planned.”
“But Father, I have been accepted at a university in the U.S. I want to go there and study,” I pleaded.
“Look, Hye Ji,” Father put his palm flat on the table. “I will not hear of this. You do not need an education from a school in the U.S. Your current school can teach you all you need to know. After all, your eventual duty in life is to take good care of your husband. By joining my firm, you will have an opportunity to meet many good executives. One of them will surely be your future husband.”
My father, with two daughters and no sons, could only think of making good marriage matches. Hopeful that one of his future sons-in-law would have enough smarts to take over the family business, it never occurred to Father to give that role to one of his daughters.
“Father, I don’t like accounting and I’m not ready to get married.”
I stared him down, putting both my palms flat on the table on either side of the pink-ribboned box.
“You will do as I say, Hye Ji. No further discussion.” He made a move to stand.
“No, Father.” How I ever got so bold, I will never know. “I will not do as you say. I can leave without your permission.”
Father was red in the face, now. “If you do this, then, I warn you, I will consider you no longer part of this family.”
He stared at me with such piercing eyes that Hye Soon, next to me, cowered.
I stood my ground. “Fine, then former father. From this day forward I am no longer your daughter.”
I left the room before he could move from the table. I escaped to my bedroom and packed my suitcase with whatever I could find, in the heat of the moment. Calling one of my girl friends, I spent the next few days in hiding, not communicating with anyone in my family. I mailed my application back to the university in the United States, accepting their offer, and, after living off of the generosity of my friends for a few more weeks, left South Korea at the end of May. At that point, I didn’t know where I was to live or how I was to survive. I had some money saved, in my own account, that I needed. Some of it already purchased my plane ticket. Determined to survive, I never contacted Father, again.
Survive I did. I arrived in the U.S. to a foreign environment. Studying English since grade school, I thought I knew the language well, but I found out differently the moment I arrived. Everyone spoke so fast! It was difficult to keep up and understand the people in my new, adopted world. Somehow, though, I managed, and once school started in June, I met many other students like me, from countries around the world. I acquired a whole new group of friends from the language class. Two were also from Korea, and we got along well. These two became my closest friends and we ended up going everywhere together. It was much nicer to have someone to cling to when experiencing new and different things. We, the three of us, talked about the differences of our new country and of what we missed at home. Of course, the three of us were all young girls, and much of our conversations revolved around good-looking boys we had seen on campus.
“Did you see the new guy in class yesterday?” one of my friends commented. “He’s dreamy, really handsome. Hye Ji, you have to get a good look at him. I think he’s Korean.”
Curious, I watched for the new boy. He sat way in the back, whereas we three were always in the front row of class. He was good-looking. I made sure, one day, to arrive a little late to sit in the back, near him. After class, I smiled at him to make sure he saw me. The next day, he waited outside and introduced himself and that was how I met my husband. He had adopted an Americanized version of his Korean name, like many other Asian men in America, and went by Sam Young.
Sam and I dated all through our college years. It was difficult, at first, to understand him, with his very southern Korean accent. His speech sounded slurred together and we used different words and phrases for the same things. We finally ditched speaking Korean and just spoke in English to each other for a long while. A computer science graduate student, Sam earned his PhD at the same time I received my undergraduate degree. While I never made it to England to study, I have since visited many times and traveled to all the places I dreamed about while growing up. What I never imagined, though, was the delight at seeing those places with Sam. I had always pictured myself alone, but life with Sam was like being in a dream. Oh yes, we fought. All couples fight, but Sam and I shared a relationship that seemed to fit both of us.
Sam landed a teaching position at another local university and we settled down, bought a house, and started a family, eventually. I never went back to South Korea, although Sam traveled there many times. He even learned to speak Korean with a more northern, Seoul accent because, I supposed, that he met with colleagues at other colleges in the north and needed to communicate well with them. Whatever the reason, he and I went back to speaking Korean at home nearly exclusively. It felt right when we both spoke in our native language.
I did keep in touch with my sister and she came to the States to visit. I never spoke, nor asked about my father. My sister never mentioned him to me whenever we communicated with each other, at my request. I assumed he moved on and his business thrived, but I never inquired, nor did I really want to know. Sad, sometimes, about not having maternal grandparents for my daughter, I was stubborn, too, and determined not to be the first to attempt to reconcile.
Sam, on the other hand, stayed close to his family and his father, in particular. His father, like Sam, remained an engineer at heart, even though his father worked now as a farmer. The two of them were like peas in a pod, always with their heads together when they saw each other, discussing what to modernize on the farm or how to repair the tractor. Sam’s family often visited our house, as well, so our daughter knew her paternal grandparents and they doted on her.
Our daughter was our jewel. We took her everywhere. I adored her and Sam worshiped her. He rushed to her each morning to greet her when she woke, and I curled around her little body each night as we read books together. She lived until she was nine. Those were nine precious years to us, and we still miss her, every day. I made sure that Dan knew about her life, but reassured him that he was not her replacement, although having him around helped both Sam and I with our grief. Dan, of course, grew up in our house with pictures and mementos of our daughter, and he sometimes asked questions about her and how she was raised. We held nothing back from him, including the horrible, drawn out ordeal of her death from cancer.
She was so young when she died. With long, dark brown hair and eyes to match, she was adorable growing up. She insisted on wearing everything and anything with cats on it, even her jacket sported kitty ears on either side of her head when her hood was up. She carried things precious to her in her little kitty-shaped pocket book, things like her first penny, an old tube of my lipstick, and the rosary that belonged to my grandmother. As time went on, she grew out of one purse and into another, always a kitty-themed pocket book. Some things appeared in her collection, and others disappeared, depending on her mood, but those three first items always stayed in her purse.
She was healthy one day, and the next she had the flu. We kept her home from school, and then to the doctor when she didn’t seem to get better. That awful day she was diagnosed will always stick in my head, but she took it in stride. She asked about her disease and then said she would be better by Christmas, so not to worry. By Christmas, though, she was experiencing her second round of chemotherapy. All her beautiful hair fell out and she had become completely bald. Dark rings rimmed her sunken eyes. It was painful to look at her each day as she progressed with her disease.
By Easter, she stayed in the hospital. She still managed, each day, though, to put a cheerful smile on her face. She carried her kitty purse with her, over the top of her hospital gown, and often opened it to show her treasures to the other children in her ward. She made many friends in that hospital, one that specialized in childhood diseases, but by June she was slipping from us and the hope of her returning home was slim. Nothing more could be done for her and the disease ran rampant through her little body. Totally bedridden, she still managed to smile each day at the other children that came to see her.
Earlier, she had made a special friendship with a boy with same cancer, and each day, if able, he came to see her. They talked and laughed together, and he often sang songs to her to cheer her up, especially when the nurses came to draw more blood. She hated the needles and cried whenever they needed a sample from her. Her little boyfriend tried to distract her by singing her favorite songs to her and coaxing her to sing with him. A treasure that we didn’t forget, he was still in the hospital when she passed away, not able to be with her when she left this world. Her little boyfriend was battling the cancer in his own struggle, and had regressed to a bedridden state. She asked about him, that day she passed away, and took out her rosary from her kitty pocket book, slowly and painfully. She pressed the beads into my hand and asked me to give them to her boyfriend. “He needs them,” she said. Later that day, she closed her eyes for the last time. We kissed her and stroked her arms as she took her final few breaths. It was so hard to see her go. With tears streaming down our faces, Sam and I laid her to rest, dressed in the kitty clothing she loved, with her pocket book in her hand.
After a short time without her, I gathered my courage and drove back to the hospital. I thanked the nurses and staff for the good care they gave her. They hugged me and cried with me. I couldn’t have asked for nicer people. Asking about my daughter’s boyfriend, I was told he was still there. I went to see him. Withered to skin and bones, he lay listless in his hospital bed, tubes running into his veins.
“Poor little guy,” the nurse said. “No one ever comes to see him, you know, and I’m sure he misses your daughter terribly. You are probably the only person that has stopped by in days.”
“Why is his family leaving him like this?” I asked.
“He doesn’t really have a family. If he makes it out of here, he’ll be going to a fresh set of foster parents.”
I sat down by the boyfriend’s bedside and reached for his hand, just as I had reached for my daughter’s. He clutched something and I slowly opened his fingers. There in his fist was my daughter’s rosary. The impression of the beads stood out as purple marks on the inside of his palm. I remained with my daughter’s boyfriend for hours that day, and came back every day thereafter. Visiting with him, I felt closer to my daughter. I talked to him as I had conversed with my daughter, telling him about the weather outside, stories from my childhood and even the menu for dinner. I spoke to him of nothing in particular, but everything. Eventually, I talked to him about my daughter and told him how much I loved her and missed her. I shared with him the things she loved and what she hated, and how, whenever I made clams for dinner she wrinkled up her nose as she ate them. It was good to talk. Her boyfriend didn’t speak back, but every once in a while he opened his eyes to stare at me, large, amazingly blue eyes with no lashes, no eyebrows, no hair. I imagined that his eyes were the color of the sky in heaven, sparkling, cerulean blue, a sky that my daughter could see, every day.
As the days progressed, I noticed that his cheeks weren’t so sunken any more. He showed more color in his face, and his hands felt warmer when I held them. He sat up in bed one day when I visited, getting stronger, fighting the disease and winning. The nurses noticed it, too, and often smiled when they stopped by. He never talked much, but smiled, always, when I walked into his room. Sam, too, came by to visit, drawn to him, just as I had been. When my daughter’s boyfriend was well enough, we made sure he was sent home with us. That was how Dan came into our lives.


Chapter Four: Winnie at Day One of Her Summer Vacation

Winifred Philomena Johnston, the passport said as she inspected the inside page. She hated her name. The only good thing about it was that it could be shortened. Now, usually she went by Winnie for all her friends and at school. Named for her mother, also a Winifred, who died in childbirth, Winnie fervently wished she had been called something different. With two Katherines, three Jessicas, and three Emilies in her homeroom in high school, why couldn’t she have been Emily Johnston? The kids teased her all the way through grade school and high school. Never so glad as to when she got to college, she found, to her relief, that no one there seemed to care that she possessed an uncommon name. She chose to be called Winnie the day she entered the dorm at college and her resident assistant asked her name. That RA called her Winnie, first.
“Hi there!” The RA sat behind a table with a file box full of envelopes holding new student information and room keys. “What’s your name?”
“Uh, Winifred Johnston,” she said softly, her shoe making circles on the floor in front of her. The RA stared at her. His unusual green eyes and jet black hair with that tousled style ranked high on Winnie’s list. Winnie’s dad might tell her that his hair looked like he jumped out of bed and hadn’t combed it. In fact, Winnie’s dad did tell her this, once they got out of sight of the sign-in table.
“Let’s see…” The RA rummaged through the J’s and came up with an envelope. “Winnie!” 
The RA glanced up. With those long lashes, dark against the green eyes, Winnie could barely comprehend anything else, so distracted was she.
“You don’t mind if I call you Winnie, do you?” He smiled up at her.
Winnie shook her head indicating that she didn’t mind. Anything was better than Winifred, and from that moment on, she became Winnie at school.
“Well, Winnie, I think it is such a cool nickname. It’s one you don’t hear often, but it sounds old-fashioned and sweet.”
The RA smiled the most gorgeous smile, with perfect white teeth, and she caught her breath. “Here’s your room key and some new student info. See you at the dorm meeting at seven.” He handed her the information and key and then turned to another older girl and hugged her close then kissed her on the side of her face. “Tyler! Let’s go get pizza tonight for dinner, all right?”
Winnie sighed. Well, for a minute there she imagined he was making a pass at her. That would have surprised her, though. She didn’t think of herself as pretty, not ugly, but only average, with nothing remarkable about her looks. She kept her dark hair long, opting to braid it in one thick braid going down her back to her waist. She wore glasses, too, favoring large frames, dark, to match her hair, and she usually wore a comfortable pair of old overalls, a t-shirt, and sneakers.
In fact, today in the airport lounge she was dressed in her favorite overalls and t-shirt, her legs curled up underneath her on the seat, and a book in her lap. She read a historical biography, at the moment. She devoured all kinds of literature. If it interested her, she read it, from physics to romance, history to science fiction. She glanced up from her book to look at her father, sitting next to her, while waiting for their flight to be called for boarding. Her father asked her if she wanted to come along on this trip, rather than spend the summer with relatives or alone. Trying to save his business, his chain of fast food chicken was not doing well. Business slumped and her father closed more than half of his stores around the United States. In Japan he would meet with an executive team, in hopes to discover why fried chicken did so well overseas. It seemed to be big business in Japan and South Korea. People liked chicken. Fried, barbequed, with special sauces, they wanted it. Winnie agreed to go with him, having never been out of the country. She wanted to travel and see other cities in the world. This, was the perfect opportunity to start her adventures.
She glanced away from her father to the other side of the terminal to see if the doors were opening to the jet way for boarding. Not yet, but the lounge filled up rapidly, with another flight leaving after their plane, from the same terminal. An older woman and a guy about her age sat down across from her. She peeked at the guy quickly, then put her face back into her book.
Stop being so boy crazy, she told herself. It will never work out. He’s probably not going to Japan, anyway. Just stop gaping at every cute guy that happens to be in your vicinity. He wore a ball cap low on his brow and she noticed a t-shirt from one of her favorite local bands on him. She saw that band only last week, after finals, when a group of her dorm mates went out to celebrate the end of the school year. She hoped he would say something to her. She was too shy to strike up a conversation first, but no sooner had he sat down, then he hopped up again, saying something to the older woman that she couldn’t quite understand. He turned toward her, tripped over her bag and fell flat on the floor in front of her. It gave her an excuse to look at him, again. Yes, he was even appealing from the back, and she glimpsed large arm muscles as he pushed himself up from the floor. Oh my! She was going to blush, and then she smiled, ear to ear.
She surprised herself when she heard her voice come out of her mouth, “Are you all right?”
The guy gazed at her for a moment, then mumbled something about it being too early in the morning and coffee then left in a rush. The older woman next to him smiled at her and they talked for a short while before Winnie left for her flight.


Chapter Five: Mac at Day Two of His Summer Job

Mac’s aunt met them at the airport with good news and bad news. The good news was that his uncle had almost everything arranged for Mac’s summer job. He was to be a stage hand, hauling equipment on and off the small performance stages in the building where his uncle’s friend worked. His friend had all the paperwork ready for Mac, including the necessary work permits needed by the government. The bad news was that, if Mac wanted to start his job soon, he needed to get that paperwork submitted. So, instead of heading directly to his aunt’s home from the airport, they stopped at the friend’s office building, K-Entertainment, to sign the paperwork and get the ball rolling for Mac’s summer job.
Mac didn’t mind the drive to the office. While it took a while to arrive at the building, he got to see the sights from the car window. Set in the north-west of South Korea, not extremely far from the border with North Korea, Seoul is one of the largest cities in the world. They passed over a river, the Han river he assumed, but he would have to wait for his official tour to find out, drove by high rise office buildings of many technology giants that he recognized, and finally stopped at another high office tower with a bright, neon K-E on top.
In front of the glass and steel building throngs of what Mac could only categorize as screaming teens, jumped up and down and held signs that said things like, “G5, I love you!” and “Jung-Ja is in our hearts!” They eagerly observed the limo as Mac and his relatives got out. Getting a good view of the passengers, the screaming halted abruptly, and Mac heard someone say as they worked their way up the walk, “It’s nobody, just some guy and two old women.” Who were they expecting? They squeezed their way through the crowd to get to the entrance.
Adorning the front of the office building hung banners, five of them, all of a different young man, but all dressed similarly and each with the same black band across the eyes. They either wore ninja masks, or had makeup applied, like a mask. That turtle thing must be their gimmick, Mac thought. These were probably some of the performers in this entertainment industry. He'd heard about K-pop boy bands. Short for Korean pop, K-pop was not only popular in South Korea, but in many other countries. Their dance-pop, rock, ballad, hip-hop music played to sold out venues everywhere, including the United States. He now realized he was looking right at a K-pop idol group. Perhaps one of these was the Jung-Ja that made heart’s throb, judging from the teenager’s sign. Mac smirked at the outfits these guys wore in their pictures on the banners. Tight-fitting clothes, adorned with metal and sequins. Some even had feathers! He guessed the more outlandish the costume, the higher up the performer on the entertainment ladder. He was certainly glad it wasn’t him wearing those costumes. He’d keep his jeans and t-shirt, thank you very much. Maybe he’d be hauling equipment for their performances. Pulling his cap down hard, more because the feel of it made him thankful for his own wardrobe, Mac moved his worn sneakers to catch up with his mom and aunt, heading into the building.
When they stepped up to the front desk, past posters of the same five guys, this time in historical Korean costumes, they explained their business and were ushered to a lobby to sit and wait for the friend to come down and meet them. Several other young men Mac’s age filled the lobby, already. Only three seats appeared to be vacant, so they took those seats and Mac popped in his ear buds to finish his program, interrupted during the plane landing. Everyone supposed he listened to music, but, in reality, he liked many different selections. Some popular music, some even his own music from recordings he made at the coffee house, he also listened to different public radio programs that he found interesting. He wouldn’t share what he listened to, though, with anyone at school. He was already branded weird because he spoke Korean and ate with chopsticks, so programs about world politics, life stories, or history would make him even more outlandish. Mac’s mom and aunt quickly began to catch up on things, talking back and forth about their families and work, and Mac settled back into his program, not paying attention to much else.
After a few minutes, a young woman handed out paperwork to all the men in the waiting area, including Mac, although she looked twice at him and hesitated. Everyone started filling out the form, so Mac assumed they were all going to be working with him or vying for the same job. The form wanted basic information, like name and address, but some other strange things, as well. He put his aunt’s Seoul address on it, since that was where he would be staying for the next three months. The application also asked him to list any of his past performances. Not sure what they meant by that, and, because he never worked as a stage hand before, Mac listed his coffee house performances. He could say, for sure, stretching the truth, that he set up and cleaned up for those performances, even though it was only one microphone, a few amplifiers, and some other miscellaneous cables, cords, and such. The form also wanted to know what instruments he played and if he had ever taken dancing lessons. He figured that it was a standard form, and they probably would tell them soon that those questions were irrelevant for them, that they used the same application form for every job. Mac answered the questions as best he could and handed the paper to the woman when she returned a few minutes later. After collecting all the paperwork, she asked all of them, there were about ten men, to follow her and they would continue the interview. Nodding to his mother and aunt, he put away his ear buds and trailed after the group.
It was a curious bunch, too. Most of the men were a bit taller, like Mac, and several wore hair dyed in bold colors. One even had hair in two colors, a deep red progressing to a bright pink on the ends. The same guy also sported lots of piercings, something Mac was not into, at all, wanting to keep his body with the same number of holes God created him with, but, he noticed almost all of them in the group had at least one ear pierced, most both. It must be the style, and, he supposed the entertainment industry, like elsewhere, displayed all kinds of outlandish getup.
No one spoke in the elevator, and no one talked in the room where they dropped off the group. Mac tried to say hello to a few of them, but they turned away, giving him “don’t bother me” looks. This was the most unfriendly bunch of guys he ever met. If he must work with them, then he was glad it was only the summer. He noticed no talking took place between themselves, either. Most of them sang to themselves, and a few danced around a bit, which was also unusual, but then, Mac thought, maybe Korean guys did these things while they waited. He sat down in a corner and popped in his ear buds, put his head back to listen, and closed his eyes to shut out the tension in the room.
Before long, the door opened and three people walked in with tablets. One by one, they called numbers and ushered that person elsewhere. After a long while, it was finally Mac’s turn, number ten. In another room not far away, the tablet holders and others sat behind a table while Mac stood in front of them.
“Number ten,” they said in English, “please sing your song for us.”
Interesting, Mac thought, that most people over here spoke English to him, certain that he did not know Korean. It was even more amusing to him, this time, though, since he had filled out his form in Korean, not English.
I wonder why they want me to sing? Mac contemplated this for a moment, while the three of them stared him up and down.
“Do you want me to sing anything in particular?” he asked them in Korean.
Surprised that he could speak Korean, they replied back, “No, any song will do. Please begin.”
Mac glanced around for inspiration, and noticed a piano. “Can I play the piano?”
He got a nod, and sat down at the keyboard. Was singing part of hauling equipment? Are we like dwarfs and sing while we work? He wondered all sorts of things while he looked down at the keys. Oh well, I need the money and the job. I’ll do as asked, he reasoned.
He decided to play one of his numbers that he wrote specifically for piano. Mac took a deep breath, and got on with it. It was a feel-good song, like most of his, that started out soft and ended that way, but picked up in the middle and displayed a good vocal range. While Mac didn’t consider it his best song, it flowed and most people enjoyed it well enough, he found, when singing at the coffee house. He wasn’t sure, playing it for a bunch of Koreans, if he should sing it in English, or Korean, so he ended up singing a verse in Korean, translating as he went. It sounded acceptable in Korean, but seemed a bit strange to him in that language. Mac finished and let the chords linger in the air for a few moments before he took his foot off the pedal and his fingers off the keyboard. Three people scribbled furiously on their tablets, taking notes, so he waited, standing back in the middle of the room in front of them.
Every so often, one of them appraised him up and down, took an image, then wrote something. They asked him to take off his hoodie and he had already removed his hat, using his manners, when he entered the room.
I feel like beefcake. Do they want to know if I have the right body to lift heavy equipment? Very confused, now, Mac deemed it the strangest interview of all his jobs.
Back in the first room with the other guys, Mac didn’t have long to wait before they called them all to another room. This one was full of mirrors, a dance studio, by the appearance of it. Singing and now dancing? Stage hands singing and dancing? He crossed the room over to the three tablet holders and started to ask about that, but was cut off when another person entered the room.
“Everyone line up. Two lines front and back.”
The new guy barked and clapped his hands sharply. Mac sighed and did as told and lined up with the rest of them.
New guy addressed the group, “I am going to show you a few steps and go through it three times. After that, you will perform those steps until you are told to stop.”
What? We were really going to dance? Mac decided if that was the case, hoodie and hat must go somewhere, since he couldn’t hold onto them and dance at the same time. He kicked them to the side of the room. He’d work out the misunderstanding afterward, he guessed, since he now concluded this wasn’t an interview for the stage hand job. New guy didn’t want any interruptions, it seemed.
Although not an extreme dancer, Mac did have some experience. His mom insisted he take dancing lessons, for a few years, in middle school, when she passed through her “Dancing with the Stars” phase. At that same time, he took the piano lessons. He dropped the dance, like a hot potato, as soon as she let him quit, relieved that no one in school found out that he had learned to tango.
At any rate, the routine that the barking, new guy led them through was not complicated. The fox trot would have been more challenging, Mac decided. (Naturally, his mother’s idea of dance was classical. He knew how to fox trot, rumba, tango, jive, and a smattering of hip hop that he had begged his instructor to teach him.) Barking guy showed them the steps three times, then counted off the beat for the ten interviewees. Mac danced the routine several times, not looking around at anyone else, just keeping to himself. It was pretty simple, not too many moves, and mostly in place, so after he danced through it about five times and it was getting boring, he started to add little embellishments to liven it up. He reverted back to the basic routine when he noticed the tablets all eying him, though. Better stick to what was asked, he reasoned.
After it seemed like an hour, but was probably only fifteen minutes, they finally called a halt to the dancing. Good thing, because he was starting to get heated and preferred not to be all sweaty when he met the rest of his relatives later. He was already wrinkled from the plane, so sweat added on to that would not be good. They handed out water and told the group to wait, again. How long was this interview going to last? Before the tablets left, Mac tried, once more, to ask them about the job, but they cut him off, again.
“Numbers three, four, five, six, seven, eight, and nine” they called out in Korean and English. “You are dismissed. Thank you for coming.”
Most of the group shuffled out the door, including the pink pierced guy, shoulders slumped and heads down. A few used some words in Korean that Mac never heard before, so he figured they were swear words. One guy cried, too. Mac guessed he needed the job and had his heart set on it.
“Numbers one and two and ten,” one of the clip boards announced. “Please wait here for a few moments.”
Wait? Again? The three of them sat down on the floor after the clip boards left the room. Each stared at the other, but the two Koreans sneered at Mac like he was dog meat. They started talking to each other, obviously not knowing that Mac spoke their language.
“What do you think the dork is doing here?” one said to the other. “Does he think he’s going to be number five and take that away from either one of us? I don’t think so.”
“Right. Either you or me got the replacement job,” the other one commented. “Probably me, since you’re too fat and slow. That foreign dog smells like he hasn’t washed in two weeks, and what’s with that hair?” He wrinkled his nose and scooted away from Mac. “Still, he did dance well. I have to give him that.”
“Yeah,” the first one agreed then sighed, “better than me. I don’t think, though,” he contemplated, “that they’ll give the job to a foreigner. They wouldn’t do that, would they?”
“I’m not sure,” the other said, frowning. “They never had any foreigners, but I guess one in the mix might help them, internationally, if they want to take it overseas like I’ve heard.” He looked down at the floor and swore something. “Let’s hope they keep it Korean and don’t give it to that guy. If they give it to a foreigner, the fans will probably revolt.”
“Right,” the first one said, “I’m much more handsome, anyway. I wonder if he’s from the U.S., Canada or some place in Europe?”
Hmm…I do stink, but not that badly, Mac thought, sniffing his t-shirt. Coming right from the plane, where he spent the last million hours huddled in his allotted fifteen inches of seat space with his legs cramping because he couldn’t stretch them anywhere, Mac figured he smelled all right. Maybe not totally clean, but not extremely bad, only a little stinky. Still, he looked forward to a shower, later. They said I danced well? We shall see who gets the job. Uncle already promised him the stage job, so he was going to be the winner, no matter what. If they wanted stink, just wait until he had lifted heavy amps for an afternoon. Mac chuckled. He would be really ripe by then!
The door finally opened and two of the tablets came through. “Number ten, please go with Mr. Choi,” one said in English, and gestured to the other man.
Mac grabbed his hoodie and hat, which he jammed back down on his hair, and started out the door. On the way by number one interviewee, or maybe it was two, Mac leaned over and said, in perfect Korean, “This dog is from the U.S.” He watched number one/two scowl, realizing Mac knew exactly what had been said, then he was out the door, following the man.
He was escorted into a large office and invited to sit down on a sofa across from his mom and aunt. They all looked at each other with surprised faces. It was a little bit more formal than they expected for a summer job as a stage hand. A man in a suit came in and introduced himself as the director for K-Entertainment.
“I will keep this brief,” he said. “Thank you for coming to audition for G5.”
“Huh?” his mom, aunt, and Mac wondered. Mac spoke up, “Oh, but I didn’t audition for G5, unless that’s the name of the group of stage hands you use.”
“I thought he was coming here to get a job as a stage hand with Mr. Kim,” his aunt chipped in to help, an excited expression on her face, now, though.
“We spoke with Mr. Kim,” one of the clip boards said. “We met him in the hallway after the vocal performances. He explained that to us, but we got permission from him to continue with your audition.” She addressed Mac. “We like your look, were intrigued by your vocals, and frankly, very impressed with your dancing, as well. Mr. Kim let us know that if it didn’t work out with G5, you could still have the stage hand job with him. He supposed you would probably like the opportunity with G5, though, since every twenty year-old male in South Korea wants that position.”
“Yes,” the director spoke, “we want you in G5. We’ve talked, and for the next three months, we would like you to fill the open position. Think of it as a trial time. And, at the end of the summer, you can go back to school having made much more money than your stage hand job would pay. It will give us,” he gestured to the other tablets, “the time to decide where we want to head with the group.”
“I’m all for making more money,” Mac said, “but I have no idea what you are talking about. What or who is G5 and exactly what would I be doing if I’m not going to be a stage hand?”
They all stared at Mac like he was nuts, including his aunt.
“G5,” one of the tablets spoke, “is the hottest male vocal group in South Korea, right now. They have two songs in the top ten of the charts, currently, and they have been there for the last ten weeks.”
“We need you,” the Director said, “to fill the open position we have now. A few months ago, one of the members was in a violent, hit-and-run traffic accident. He is still recovering and is not expected to do well enough to return to the group. We didn’t make any decisions about his status until last month, when it was realized that he would never be the same, again. We quickly decided to fill the slot with new talent and started the auditions. We hadn’t come upon a unique enough talent, yet, and were starting to get worried. However, hearing and watching you today, we feel we’ve found the replacement that can keep us going for the next few months. The rest of the group is still deciding where they want to go, either start solo careers, or keep the group together. To buy them time, and still keep our scheduled performances, we want you to step in and fill the fifth position. We could go on with only four members, but the performances work better with five.”
“Ugh,” Mac said. “You mean you want me to be in a boy band?”
Images of boy bands passed through his head, ridiculous images. He wasn’t too happy about their proposal, disgust plainly visible on his face.
“Is G5, by any chance, the leather and feathers adorning your building at the entrance?”
With a sinking feeling, Mac knew that things were going to take a turn for the worse.
“Well, yes,” the director said. Seeing the unfavorable expression on Mac’s face, he added, “But, if you want to look at it in other terms, here is your potential salary for three months in U.S. dollars. Perhaps that will convince you to help us.”
He wrote down a figure and passed Mac the paper. Mac widened his eyes after seeing it.
“Did you miss a decimal point somewhere?” Mac asked.
Maybe this job wasn’t too bad, after all. He was coming around. He could make enough in one summer to pay for the rest of his college years! He’d have to wear awful, outlandish clothes, but for three months, just about anything was possible. Heck, only a couple hours ago he thought he’d have to work with the pink-haired, pierced guy. At least none of these guys appeared that extreme, but that remained to be seen.
“That is approximately what you will make. It depends, of course, on how many performances and appearances the group is able to do within the next three months. How well you learn the songs and come up to speed will determine that factor. The better and harder you work, the more money you can make.” The director put a folder with papers and a pen in front of him. “Sign the contract. We’re giving you two weeks to come up to speed enough to perform at least part of a concert. If, at the end of those two weeks you decide it is not for you, or we feel you can’t integrate well, then we each can back out of the contract.”
He explained the rest of the conditions while Mac, his mom and aunt listened. Mac would live with the group in a dorm, eat with the group, and wear the looks the company dictated when working. On his days off, or when there was nothing on the schedule, he was free to visit family and wear whatever he wanted. They made his mom and aunt happy when they said they would arrange special tours for them so that Mac could see South Korea and see any other relatives that she wanted Mac to visit. He would spend the next two weeks training and learning everything there was to learn, then sing his first concert.
“A few last things,” the director said, before Mac signed. “We will need you to visit our stylist and get that stuff on your head cut and styled, and we want you to start work tomorrow at eight.”
Mac wanted to jam his hat tight on his head. Well, good luck to that stylist!
“We also want to keep your foreign identity under wraps. We will use a variation of your name and we will, again, dictate what you wear and when you must wear it.” The director was very serious about this. “We’ve discussed it, and we don’t want to take the chance that a foreigner could pull down the ratings. For all intents, you will become the fifth, South Korean member of G5.”
“Won’t that be kind of hard?” Mac gestured to his eyes. “Won’t these other four guys see me up close and figure that out? I mean, sure, I could have been born in South Korea, but with these eyes, I don’t fit the usual mold. No offense.”
“No offense taken. Seoul does have a healthy mix of people from all over the world, but I know what you mean. The members of the group will know who you are, where you come from, and will help you to keep that from the public.” The director seemed to have this all figured out. “As for your eyes, we have a solution to that and it involves only a little bit of disguise.”


Chapter Six: Min-Jun Before the Summer

His gang was his family. He hardly talked with his mother or younger sister much, anymore. He talked with his gang about everything. They, more than anyone, understood where he came from and where he wanted to go. His gang encouraged him to audition for the new boy-band that K-Entertainment was putting together. When the K-Entertainment manager brought the auditions to Busan, the rest of his gang members pushed him to apply. He could sing. He always had been able to sing, and often was requested to do so in the local night clubs run by members of his gang. He could fight, too, fast on his feet, so he probably could dance. He could certainly dance around the night clubs with the prostitutes and enjoyed that very much.
Min-Jun did not have any career objective except to work within the gang. He joined in his early teens, against the protest of his single mother. She wanted a better life for him than running around with thugs. He loved the gang, though. They took care of him and he took care of them, fighting with other gangs, squeezing money out of the poor, and drinking in the clubs. He got his pa, or tattoo, when he turned sixteen. Seven stars circled over his heart. All the members had this tattoo. It was gang pride. Whenever they went to a fight with another gang, they all flashed their tattoos beforehand, telling everyone, “Don’t mess with the Golden Tigers!”
Min-Jun worked a job in one of the night clubs, hauling crates of liquor, stocking the bar, and cleaning up after closing hours. It wasn’t much of a job, but he could work his way up in the night club. He had already worked his way up to this job. Before he got this one, he spent a few years providing backup fists to the loan sharks when they went collecting. It was only after one of the bosses heard him singing, one night, as he hauled the crates into the bar that he got recognized for his voice. He hadn’t realized he had a talent, but whatever the boss said ruled. After that, the boss had him sing in the night club, but only after he had hauled the crates to the bar.
So when the gang boss requested that he try out for the audition, he did so. It was not polite to refuse the management. It was also unheard of to go against the boss. Men died that way. He followed the orders as a matter of pride. He would win because he was the best and his gang was the best. He never considered otherwise. The boss, naturally, was interested in the money that Min-Jun could rake in, should he win. If he made money, of course, it would go to the gang.
Min-Jun did win the audition and then things changed for him. He left Busan and moved to Seoul, and his gang tendencies were frowned upon. He was told not to display his tattoo, and the entertainment managers made sure he always wore clothes that kept it hidden. They made him change his hairstyle to a short choppy cut all over, instead of his gang hairstyle. He had loved his gang cut, shaved on the sides, long and flowing on the top. He met his fellow band members, Shinwoo, Ji Hu, Leo, and Jung-Ja and disliked all of them from the start. They were nothing like his gang brothers. None of them were tough. They all could sing and dance much better than himself, however, especially Shinwoo and Jung-Ja. Ji Hu acted a little too young and Min-Jun hated his incessant chatter and good-natured personality. Leo was a foreigner. Maybe his family moved to South Korea when he was young, but he wasn’t born in Korea, therefore he didn’t belong. He might seem like a Korean and talk like a Korean, but he wasn’t one, at all, per Min-Jun. Shinwoo was too much of a goody-goody. He looked down his nose at Min-Jun. Shinwoo came from the upper crust, Min-Jun could tell, and he hated the way Shinwoo appeared calm and cold all the time. Jung-Ja was the worst, though. He had long hair, down to his shoulders, with soft layers that moved with him whenever he turned his head. High cheekbones gave him features good enough that the ladies made eyes at him all the time, but, worst of all, Jung-Ja could sing. He sang better than Shinwoo, and Shinwoo was already excellent. Jung-Ja’s voice was much better than Min-Jun’s and Min-Jun knew it. Jung-Ja acted like he didn’t know, though. When you were given a talent, Min-Jun was taught, it should be flaunted. Jung-Ja never did. Jung-Ja was actually nice. He would compliment Min-Jun on his singing and dancing like he really meant it. Min-Jun couldn’t take that kind of, what he perceived, sarcasm. He fumed inside whenever Jung-Ja was around.
Yet, Min-Jun grew to love the singing and dancing. He got better, much better as time went on and he learned the routines they were taught. He still wasn’t as good as the other four because as he improved, so did they, and they quickly outshone him by far. Forget the singing and dancing, though, he loved the fame. The girls, the gifts, the lifestyle, the more he had, the more he wanted. He was still entirely faithful to his gang, though. He knew, should anything happen to him, his gang would always be there for him, not these other band guys.
It would be hard to surpass the others in G5, Min-Jun knew, and he often talked about them with his old gang back in Busan. The gang members kept telling Min-Jun to quit the group and go solo. They all said that Min-Jun could make it big. However, Min-Jun was tied to the contract from K-Entertainment, and couldn’t quit. It was one of the gang bosses that came up with the idea to take out members of the group. Without a group, that would free Min-Jun so that he could make a break for his solo career. It was Min-Jun’s idea to start with Jung-Ja.
Beating people was a way of life for Min-Jun until he moved up into the night club. Fists were meant to be used. In addition to providing his talent to the loan sharks when they collected their payments, Min-Jun was also fond of fighting, just to fight. He would often join the gang when any other fight was going down, even after he moved up to working in the club. In the dark parking garages, at the end of dead end streets, sometimes even in the middle of public squares, he would fight whenever another gang threatened their territory. Min-Jun had never known a fight where his gang had not won. Proud of his brothers, he would strut after a fight, high on adrenaline, high on his gang.
Before the audition, he still lived at home, when he bothered to show up at home. Absent for days at a time, he suddenly appeared, slept, ate, robbed his family, and left. His mother and sister continually harassed him whenever he came home. He only went there when he was low on cash, and his family was well aware of this pattern. At three in the morning, after a fight and after Min-Jun lost most of his money from gambling and drinking, he staggered into the house and collapsed, intoxicated, on the floor. If he had money, he stayed away, preferring to sleep with prostitutes because later in the morning, his mother started in on him, kicking him as he lay on the floor and calling him a deadbeat. After she was done kicking, she cried, telling him not to go back to the gang.
“Get a good job, Min-Jun,” she pleaded. “You are handsome. Don’t waste your life in the night club. Do something with yourself.”
After his mother was done crying, his sister started in on him. When he had enough, he searched for the cash that his mother always tried to hide from him, grabbed it, and left.
Fully expecting to win at the audition, he never told his mother or sister he had attended. After he won, though, he went back home, one last time, and let them know he was going to Seoul. He told them not to expect anything from him.


Chapter Seven: Jung-Ja Before the Summer

Jung-Ja came from a poorer part of Seoul, on the outskirts of Guryong, a slum neighborhood of plywood and tarpaulin shacks created in 1988 by squatters evicted from their original homes when they were bulldozed to make room for the Olympics held in the city. His family lived in the shadows of the super wealthy Gangnam district and experienced the irony every day. Raised as a Christian, he was taught never to complain about his lot in life and to turn the other cheek. He grew up singing in church.
When the auditions were announced, the school bullies dared him to go. They said he had the pretty-boy looks, tall stature, and long hair just right for a prissy, boy band and threatened him. If he didn’t show up for the auditions, they were going to make life even more miserable for him. And they could. Teased constantly at school because he was poor and wore patched clothes, life was not easy for Jung-Ja. He got beat up, regularly, by the bullies that hung out in the same block as the school. There was no way to get around them to enter school, and if he skipped school, he faced his father's disappointment. Choosing the physical beatings over the mental anguish of his father, often Jung-Ja was in the nurse’s office getting patched up before he could go to class. He'd learned early on that the beatings stopped sooner if he didn't fight back. If the nurse wanted to send him to the hospital because of particularly bad injuries, he always refused. His family had no money for the hospital.
His father insisted he go to school. Learning was the only way out of the slum. Jung-Ja begged every day to quit. He wanted to avoid the beatings, but his father’s stern resolve ensured that he was always showing up at school each day. He was good in school, but rarely made good grades. He never had any money for supplies, and could never complete assigned projects because he couldn’t buy the materials. In the classes that had no projects or that he could use second-hand workbooks he excelled. He only needed to use the books and listen to the teacher. This year was his last. At the end of the term in the spring, he would graduate. College was beyond his means and his grades didn’t qualify him to be able to take the entrance exams. He would try to pick up another job, after he graduated, to supplement his before school work of delivering milk. It brought in enough to pay for a few extras, like the second-hand bicycle he purchased two months ago. The job wasn’t enough to live off of, though. He figured he’d get a couple more delivery jobs after graduation, now that he could bike to places.
So, under threat of another beating, he showed up at the audition. He wore his school uniform because he had no better clothes. Threadbare already, the uniform had been worn by countless other students before him. His mother was forever mending it and now, he couldn’t take the jacket off because the elbows in the shirt were worn through to nothing. His kept his hair long, to save every penny and as his own act of defiance against the forever teasing bullies. His mother cut it, herself, when it went past the length required for school and he got sent home with a letter of warning. He often tied it back in a half pony tail, to keep it out of his eyes as best he could.
The day he showed up for the audition, the line was out the building and around the corner of the posh Gangnam hotel. When he made it inside, he was handed a number and told to wait in a giant ballroom, along with a few hundred others. It was one of several large rooms, all packed with young men, from all walks of life, wanting to become Korea’s next pop-star. The auditions went on all day. Each room was partitioned into sections. A judge heard everyone sing in each section, one by one. It took half the day for Jung-Ja to even approach the judge. He sang a church song, not having prepared any other. All he needed to do to satisfy the bullies was sing and then be rejected. Once they dismissed him, he'd be handed a piece of white paper and he could leave. To his surprise, however, he was declared the winner of his section and advanced to the next test. That afternoon, all the section winners were winnowed down to twenty finalists. Jung-Ja was still in the game and asked to come back the next day when the twenty finalists were thinned down to ten, and the dancing began. Jung-Ja had never danced. He had plenty of stamina, though, having had to walk or run everywhere. He followed the teacher as best he could, learning the steps they asked him to perform. They broke for lunch. With no money for food, Jung-Ja drank water from the provided bottles and practiced, over and over, for the next hour, in the back of one of the hallways off of the kitchen. After the break, he danced the requested steps until the judges asked the ten participants to stop. At the end, Jung-Ja found himself unable to believe he had actually won.
What few people knew was that he went back to the block near school where the bullies hung out, the very next day, before he showed up at K-Entertainment. The bullies surrounded him, as usual, like they did every day before school. This time, however, against his Christian teachings and his father's wishes, Jung-Ja fought back like he never had before. He showed up for work that day, at K-Entertainment, in his same worn school uniform, the elbows completely ripped open, the lapels half gone, the knees blown apart. His fists were torn and bleeding enough that he needed stitches to close some cuts, his eye was a black and blue blob, but he had the largest smile on his face that he had ever worn.
His life changed immediately. He was given clothes to wear and lived in a dorm. Not used to a bed with a mattress, he spent the first two weeks on the floor, just to be able to fall asleep. The kitchen had so many appliances he had never seen, and it was interesting to try them out. Who knew there was such a thing as a rice cooker? In his house, rice was always cooked in a pot. And, as time went on, he made money. Every cent went to his family. He spent hardly anything on himself. Why should he? He had everything he needed. He was able to move his family to a better apartment and put food on the table. He had made it out of the poor neighborhood near Guryong.
The day he learned to drive a motorcycle was a thrill to him. It was also a rush to know that he made enough money that he could actually buy a motorcycle, nearly his only possession. He rode that bike all over the city whenever he had free time. He explored the neighborhoods in many districts, but his favorite thing to do was to get on the freeway and open the throttle. He loved the rush of air that surrounded him. He was flying, with the throb of the bike underneath him, the engine working hard to push him through the wind. It thrilled him. He kept the bike under a protective cover, back at the dorm, polishing it up after each ride. It was his baby and he pampered it.
He decided to take the bike on the freeway that day, excited to speed it to the limits, as he usually did. He left the neighborhood and sped up the ramp to the highway, accelerating as he went, his pulse picking up with the pickup of the engine under him. Driving in the fast lane, he hit the throttle as much as he dared and held it there for while. He didn’t pay attention to the sleek, black car approaching along side his bike in the next lane. When the car passed him, he glanced over quickly, but turned back to his lane and back to his own world. The two vehicles reached a narrow part of the highway where barriers hugged the roadway. The car suddenly swerved into Jung-Ja’s lane and his bike had no where to go. It flipped over the car and slid down the road, into other traffic, throwing Jung-Ja over and over on the hard pavement.
Jung-Ja survived, but was not expected to live through the night. G5, by then, was one of the most popular K-pop bands in all of Seoul. When his accident was announced over the news, hundreds of teenage girls mourned. They wore black armbands and half-pony tails and stood outside the hospital, quietly and respectfully, holding signs that said, “Jung-Ja, We Love You.” But Jung-Ja, despite the poor prognosis, survived that night, and then the next day, and the next.
His band mates came to visit him in the hospital several times, giving him encouragement. He couldn’t respond back to them, at first. Trapped in his body, unable to talk or move, hooked up to machines and drugged, he slept most of the time. Gradually he was weaned off of the machines and most of the drugs. He was moved to a rehabilitation hospital and learned everything all over again. It was Shinwoo who asked him to start coming to the dorm to hang out with them. It surprised him. He was learning to walk with his crutches one day when Shinwoo paid him a visit at the hospital.
“Jung-Ja,” Shinwoo greeted him, rarely one for extra words.
“Shin…woo,” Jung-Ja said back, managing a grimacing smile as he struggled with his crutches to walk a few steps.
“Jung-Ja, if they let you out of here, come visit as often as you can.” Jung-Ja was surprised by Shinwoo’s comments and sincerity. “We…the other guys miss you.”
“They…want…not me,” Jung-Ja answered back, each word a struggle.
“They want you,” Shinwoo told him. “You need it.”
“Why?” Jung-Ja asked.
“You need to learn something,” was all Shinwoo said.
He stayed while Jung-Ja finished his therapy session for the day, and then came back several times in the next few weeks. Each time telling Jung-Ja to come visit at the dorm.
They finally told Jung-Ja that he could go home and cut his therapy sessions to a few times a week. After spending time at home, Jung-Ja was restless, and it was depressing. While they weren’t hurting for money, anymore, and the insurance settlement was very generous, the family still was very frugal. They all lived in a small, three room apartment and Jung-Ja stared at the walls every day. Finally, he had enough of being constantly cared for, and decided to do something about it. He grabbed his crutches and managed to walk to the bus stop, two blocks away. While it took him an hour to go those two blocks, he made it. He had to be helped onto the bus, but he got all the way to the dorm and up the driveway into the house. He was never so exhausted. He collapsed on the living room sofa, tired, but feeling so good to be in the dorm. No one was back from practice, yet, so he slept the rest of the afternoon right there.
When guys came home from practice, they were surprised to see him, but most of them were delighted. Min-Jun, Jung-Ja noticed, went to his room and didn’t come out. The other three had dinner brought in and they spent the evening catching up with each other’s lives. Over chicken, beer, and greasy french fries the three guys told him about the auditions for his replacement.
“We’re sorry, Hyung,” Ji Hu said, using an affectionate term for brother. “We wanted to wait, but the managers said we needed to get on with things or we would do a nose dive with the public.”
“Don worry,” Jung-Ja said. “I’m not back come.”
He was frustrated that his speech was imperfect. When he spoke, words were frequently jumbled. He spit out, “Look at me! No good!”
“You may think you are broken, but you are here, and we’re glad you are,” Leo explained.
They chided him for riding the bus. “What’d you do that for? Just call for a car and the office will send one over.” Ji Hu scratched his head in puzzlement.
“Not think,” was all Jung-Ja said. He was sure that K-Entertainment would want nothing to do with him, now that he couldn’t perform, so he deliberately did not ask for anything, especially transportation. It was Shinwoo that corrected him.
“They told us they would send a car to you whenever you wanted to visit. Use it,” and again, when he left later that night, Shinwoo repeated himself.
“Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can,” said Shinwoo to Jung-Ja, quoting Sun Tzu. “You need to learn something. Come back soon.”


Chapter Eight: Ji Hu Before the Summer

Ji Hu frequently disappeared following an afternoon show, ducking out even before he had cleaned up. Management had long since stopped trying to find him to give him a ride to the dorm in the company van. It was a mystery where he went, but since he always turned up the next morning unharmed, they left him alone with his magic act.
 He called for a taxi and instructed it on where to wait so that he could dash out a back entrance without being distracted by too many fans. Usually the back entrances were off limits to the general public. When G5 first started, fans weren’t a problem at all. They were lucky to have a handful waiting for them as they exited the concert hall. They performed in small auditoriums, as well, not the large arenas they now sold out. Ji Hu could, back then, walk out the front door of the hall and into a cab, but he didn’t. He never wanted the rest of the band to see him making his get-away. He was anxious to reach his destination as quickly as possible and didn't want anyone stopping him. As he closed the cab door, he gave an address to the driver and the car sped off. After many concerts and many disappearing acts, Ji Hu got to know specific cab drivers and did not even need to tell them the address. The driver automatically took off, having driven the route so many times.
Ji Hu was the baby of his family, an accidental arrival. His parents had given birth, ten years earlier, to a beautiful baby girl. She was perfect in every way, ten toes, ten fingers, a cute button nose and a little bit of brown fuze on top of her head. She was the perfect little baby, but when she reached six months and had not turned over by herself, her parents feared something was wrong. At a year, she still had not gained control of her muscles and her neck flopped like a newborn. She was diagnosed with cerebral palsy. By the time she was six, she was wheelchair bound. Her head lay to one side, her spine too weak to support it, and the rest of her body curled inward, like her arms and hands. She couldn’t talk, but could make sounds, and as time went on, the family all knew what each sound meant. This was her vocabulary, her language. They all communicated perfectly well, knowing each sound that she uttered. She was a happy child, most of the time. She did laugh, just like other children, and she could cry, but she hardly ever did. She was smart, too, even though she could not communicate well. There was intelligence behind those sparkling eyes.
Her parents worked hard for her. Father was employed as a traffic officer. Mother stayed at home to take care of her and the household. The little family survived, and she was cared for by two loving parents. Her patient mother taught her as much schooling as possible. She learned everything she could, devouring all sorts of textbooks, as fast as her mother could teach her, and after she had exhausted her mother, she learned on her own on the internet. She didn’t have good use of her hands and fingers, but she could punch keys, one by one, and slowly get the information she sought via the keyboard and the internet. She loved to play music, too. Often, as one entered the house, there would be tunes coming from the radio. She favored pop music and would move her head back and forth to the rhythms.
Ji Hu came as a surprise, ten years later. His parents had not planned on having any more children. Their daughter was more than enough to care for and raise. They worried what would happen to her when they grew too old to take care of her, but for now, they raised her as best as they could. When Ji Hu’s mother found out she was pregnant, she seriously considered terminating the pregnancy. It was her husband that stopped her. He pleaded with her. If God wanted them to have another child, they needed to obey his wishes. They would manage, somehow. He would take on another part-time job, once the new baby came. He had it planned out, and, by the time Ji Hu was born, perfectly healthy to the relief of his worried parents, Ji Hu’s father secured a part-time job working at the corner convenience store after his shift on the police force ended. That brought in enough extra money to afford the new baby.
As a toddler, Ji Hu often danced around the house while his sister played music on the radio. By six, Ji Hu had perfect pitch and sang like an angle, in his high, little boy soprano, as his sister accompanied him in her garbled language. He knew all the popular music that she preferred, and could often name many of the bands that she liked, as well. She was a typical teenager, into pop bands and alluring stars. She frequently told Ji Hu that he was going to become a star and Ji Hu agreed with her. He did anything to please his sister. If she wanted him to be a pop star, then he would become one. Father often shook his head, smiled and told the two of them that Ji Hu was going to be a doctor, not a pop star. Ji Hu was smart, like his sister, and Father wanted him to have a good profession, one of which he and Mother could be proud. A doctor in the family would be a first. Perhaps he would some day figure out how to cure his sister's disease. She shook her head no and told Father, in vocabulary that only the family understood, that Ji Hu was going to be too cute to be a doctor and he already had a good singing voice. He was going to be a pop star.
For several years Father worked two jobs and everything went smoothly. When Ji Hu turned seven, though, their little world came crashing to a halt. Ji Hu’s mother contracted cancer. She lived for several months, but did not survive the disease and passed away at home, surrounded by her family. Father already decided, as Mother grew weaker and weaker, that their daughter would have to be moved to a group home. There, she could be given all the care she required. He hated to move her, but with Mother unable to care for her, and Ji Hu still too small, Father was exhausted from working two jobs and being the primary caregiver. Ji Hu helped, but he was too little to lift his sister out of her chair or clean her when she needed it. If she lived in a home with others that had disabilities, just like herself, it would be easier on everyone. It broke Father's heart, the day he moved her to the group home. It broke Ji Hu’s heart, too. He wailed and carried on as his father wheeled his sister's chair out of the house to put her in the car. Ji Hu pulled on the chair, trying to get him to bring it back inside.
“Don’t let her go, Father! I don’t want her to move away! I love her!” Ji Hu wailed.
His sister didn’t want to move, either, but understood. Inside her crippled body was a mature young woman. She had visited the home with her father, and had seen several other teenagers, just like herself, trapped inside their own crippled bodies. The group home wouldn’t be too bad. There were some good things about moving. Besides helping her father, she looked forward to the amenities at the group home. It had a pool with a hot tub. She had never been swimming, but that hot tub was enticing. It had many more digital devices that she could use to access books and music. The group home also went on outings together. She had never gone further than the doctor, so that amenity excited her. Of course, she would miss Ji Hu and her father, but they could come see her every day, if they wanted.
She tried to let Ji Hu know this, as he begged his father to stop. He could come every day after school to see her, she told him again and again. Instead, he slumped down into a ball on the sidewalk, crying. His father had to lift him up and buckle him into his seat so they could get going. Ji Hu cried all the way there, despite his sister trying to console him and his father yelling for him to stop his blubbering. His father felt bad enough, taking his daughter to the group home. Ji Hu’s carrying on didn’t help matters. All those tears might make him cry, too.
Ji Hu straightened up at the group home after he saw all the cool devices that his sister got to use. He was jealous of all the toys, as he called them. He wanted to go swimming when he saw the pool. He finally declared that she was lucky and that he, too, wanted to live in the group home. He was disappointed when he learned that only disabled people could live in there. That wasn’t fair, at all!
After the move, life at home was lonely for Ji Hu. Rather than come back to an empty house after school, he went to the group home every afternoon that he could, to see his sister. As he grew, though, other after school activities often interfered with his visits. He learned to carefully juggle his activities and his visits, still wanting to see his sister as often as possible. He loved her fiercely.
It was his sister that convinced Father to send Ji Hu to the performing arts high school. Ji Hu had been at her home, one afternoon, when a group of high schooler students came to perform. She had been entranced by the dancing and singing. Ji Hu had been intrigued. He still sang and danced with her, in her room at the home, from time to time, but this singing and dancing that the high schooler kids did was way cool. After they left, he tried to imitate some of it back in her room.
It was Ji Hu's sister that realized how her brother could fulfill the dream she always had for him. She gave the information about the school to her father and let him know, via her email, that even if Ji Hu went to this high school, he could still go to college. While she knew Ji Hu was smart enough to go to college and probably become a doctor, wouldn’t it be great if he became a pop star, first? He could go to college any time, but to be a pop star, he needed to do it while he was still young. Perhaps he would get noticed at a performing arts high school. She looked it up on the internet and was pleased to see that scouts from various companies came to the school all the time.
Ji Hu was enrolled in the performing arts school via his sister's persuasion. Father could not say no to her, and Ji Hu was also happy to be able to go to the school. Whatever pleased his sister made Ji Hu happy. However, he found out, quickly enough, that he had to choose between a performing major or college preparatory for his studies at school. It was a very difficult decision for him, but he chose college because that was what his father wanted. It was nice that his sister had the confidence in her little brother enough that she was positive he would become a pop star, but Ji Hu just couldn’t put all his eggs in that basket. He knew that he’d be guaranteed college entrance if he did well enough at this school. If he went to college, he could become a doctor and work on a cure for her. He could always sing and dance in his spare time.
He did get some opportunities, at the school. They didn’t shut out the college prep kids, all together. Each semester he was automatically enrolled in one performing arts course, dance or voice. His sister was bitterly disappointed, knowing this and knowing that her little brother gave up on her dream for him, but she was also proud of him that he was earning high marks in all his classes.
When graduation day neared, Ji Hu found out he was to perform with all the other graduating students on stage during the ceremony. It was a tradition of the school. Due to this, he had to attend several practice sessions, learning his singing and dancing parts. It was a group number, as was always the case, as well. Because of his high marks, he was awarded a brief moment when he would sing and dance part of the number by himself.
Over the years of high school, several scouts had come to the school and many students had signed contracts with entertainment companies. However no student had “made the big time,” as they all said. Most that signed the contracts were still there, at the school, having tried to launch their careers and failed. Ji Hu was never around when the scouts came to the school. Because he was a college prep major, scouts never saw him. The only person to actually see him perform was his sister, and any of the other residents that dropped into her room.
Everyone knew Ji Hu was singing and dancing at graduation and that his sister would be attending the ceremony. Father had promised to pick her up and take her to see Ji Hu graduate. She told this to everyone at the home for the past month and was excited to be able to attend.
Ji Hu felt ridiculous backstage before the graduation ceremony. Because his sister was attending, she begged Ji Hu to wear something bright so that she could pick him out easily from the rest of the students. He told her that he couldn’t do it. They were required to wear their regulation blazers, tie and trousers. When his sister heard that, she told Ji Hu if he couldn’t wear something different, then he needed to dye his hair a different color to stand out. So, here he was, backstage, sporting a bright, red head, freshly dyed at the corner hair salon. He got what his sister wanted and now he stood amongst the other students in his regulation uniform waiting for the cue to go on stage and perform. He stood out, all right. Everyone made a point to make fun of his hair color, a fire engine red. What was he thinking? It looked outrageous, but he would remember his sister and smile. Yes, she would like the color choice. He would be fierce and fighting for her! He would be on fire!
“Everyone get set!” Ji Hu heard one of the teachers say. They filed onstage and into their routines as soon as the music began and the crowd in the auditorium gave them a standing ovation. The parents were all proud of their students that were graduating. Ji Hu could see his sister in her special chair in a handicap spot right up front. This is for her, he thought.
He danced and sang, and when his turn to solo came, he went to the front and performed like he had never done before. Looking at his sister and seeing her moving her head to the beat, he danced on air. She was so happy. He had never seen her with such an expression of joy on her face. When he sang, her joy surrounded him and bubbled out with his voice. He sang for her. He sang to the one he loved more than anything in this world, his big sister.
The rest of graduation went as planned and then that was it. He was done with high school. Next week, he would be taking the college entrance exam, but he knew he already would get placement. It was practically guaranteed for anyone graduating with high enough marks. He’d spend until then cramming for the exam, anyway. He wanted to make doubly sure that he got accepted. Becoming a doctor was important to his father, and therefore, important to Ji Hu. The first step towards that goal was to get into college. He would ace that first step, he decided.
His father promised to take him out to dinner after dropping his sister back at her home. He hurriedly cleaned out his locker, wishing he’d done it yesterday, when he had the time, instead of now, while everyone waited for him. He was scooping the last of a stack of trash into a waste bin when someone approached him.
“Excuse me, young man,” a man in a suit stood behind Ji Hu. He turned to see who addressed him. It was someone he had never seen before.
“Yes? Can I help you?” Ji Hu expected the man to ask directions. He needed to get moving because his father was waiting for him, and now he’d be stalled, helping some suit find his kid’s classroom or something. There were hoards of parents and family running around the school, right now, visiting the classrooms of their graduates and admiring their work.
“I was wondering if you would mind stopping by our offices tomorrow morning.”
The man in the suit handed Ji Hu a card. It said K-Entertainment and what he supposed was the man’s name.
“Uh, OK. I guess I have time, now that graduation is over. What is this about?”
Ji Hu still wasn’t sure why the man was here and what he wanted.
“We have an opening in a band we are starting and I think, with your singing and dancing talent, you fit that opening. Can you come audition for us tomorrow?”
“Audition? You want me to audition? You know I’m college prep, right?” Ji Hu still couldn’t believe this man. “Are you sure you want me, and not one of the performing majors?”
“Yes, quite sure. Eight tomorrow morning. See you there. The address is on the card.”
The man in the suit turned and walked away. Ji Hu stood there holding the card, with his mouth open then let out a yelp of excitement that echoed down the hallway.
By September, G5 had already had two hits that just barely made the charts, but they did. The band was performing in larger auditoriums and opening for other chart toppers that were more popular and more experienced than themselves. At only a few months of togetherness, the band members still had not meshed, totally. Shinwoo held himself apart, appearing to disdain the others, especially Leo and Ji Hu, and snub Min-Jun. The other guys thought he was weird with his quotes from famous military figures. Leo and Ji Hu took to calling him the “Ice General.” Jung-Ja was nice, but shy. Leo and Ji Hu banded together from the start and got along well. Both were good-natured and both liked to talk, a lot. On the flip side, Min-Jun was a boiling pot of anger. He picked fights and enjoyed using his fists to settle a dispute. Ji Hu, not one to deliberately get in the way, had found himself the unfortunate brunt of those fists more than once. Leo had also gotten beaten, but Leo settled the matter, early on, by fighting back. Leo had tough muscles on his entire body due to his athletic pursuits in his off time. He used those muscles to his advantage to beat Min-Jun back the first time Min-Jun tried to come at him. That settled things for Leo and he was never picked on by Min-Jun, again.
Ji Hu wasn’t a fighter. He was good-natured naturally, and tried hard to get along with anyone and everyone. Min-Jun hated smiling faces. Therefore, Ji Hu had been beaten a few times by Min-Jun. Sporting a black eye more than once, the makeup artists had done magic to cover the bruises for Ji Hu. He tried his hardest to stay as far away from Min-Jun as possible, but it seemed like Min-Jun was drawn to him. For Min-Jun, this was exactly the case. He had found an outlet for his need to fight and that outlet was Ji Hu.
“Ji Hu, what’s wrong with your leg?” one of the staffers asked as Ji Hu came limping through the door to start practice one morning. To Ji Hu, it hurt like heck.
“Nothing. I bumped it on my night stand last night.” Ji Hu was not about to tattle tale on Min-Jun.
“Go to the infirmary. Have it taken care of. Now.”
K-Entertainment had an in-house clinic for the company. Ji Hu limped down there, as instructed. The nurse was appalled. Sitting on the examination table in his shorts, she inspected his bruised leg. It was covered in black and blue from his hip to his ankle.
“You bumped your night stand?” the nurse asked.
“Ah. Yes. That’s right,” Ji Hu answered her.
He started to put his trousers back on and she stopped him.
“Not yet.” She put some patches on the larger bruises to help with the pain. “Sit there for a few minutes. They need to work.”
She left him sitting in his shorts with patches plastered up and down his leg.
Back in the practice room, the nurse walked in while the four others started their dance session. She whispered something in the staffer’s ear and left.
As the music began for the routine, Shinwoo walked over and punched the button to stop it.
“Min-Jun,” Shinwoo had put two and two together, already.
“What,” Min-Jun answered.
“Stop the beatings or leave G5.” Shinwoo was deadly serious, staring with icy eyes at Min-Jun.
“Sure.” Min-Jun rolled his eyes.
Shinwoo turned to one of the staff at practice. “Please ask the director to come down. Tell him he no longer has a G5 group,” Shinwoo said to him. “Min-Jun can’t keep his hands from beating up his band mates. If that is the case, I quit.”
The staffer stood there with his mouth open. “You quit?”
“I quit, too,”Jung-Ja added.
“I quit, as well,” Leo said. “Let Min-Jun dance alone. He’ll not get very far.”
Min-Jun needed the band to make money to send back to his gang in Busan. Without the band, he didn’t make money. He didn’t have enough star power, yet, to go solo, so if everyone quit, he would go home and back to the gang. He needed the band to build up his image. His goal was to go solo, eventually, and make the big bucks.
Shinwoo, Jung-Ja, and Leo all stared at Min-Jun, who stood with his arms crossed, sullen.
“All right,” Min-Jun said. “I’ll stop beating up Ji Hu.”
“You’ll stop beating, period.” Shinwoo stared at Min-Jun. “Get along or get out.”
“Fine,” Min-Jun spat back. “I’ll stop beating anyone, period, and play nice. OK?”
“Fine,” Shinwoo said back.
Min-Jun, though, figured there were other ways to beat Ji Hu besides using fists. He would figure out something to get at that kid. He hated every red hair on his smiling head. Ji Hu was just too nice for his own good. He, Min-Jun, had almost beaten the nice out of him, but he had to stop now that Shinwoo and the other guys threatened to break up the band. He’d find another avenue to squelch that red head.
After that day, Min-Jun connived more and more ways to make Ji Hu’s life miserable. Min-Jun switched to sabotage. Ji Hu had his personal items go missing from his room. The shampoo in his shower was replaced with blue hair dye. Ji Hu walked around for a week with blue hair, enduring smurf jokes, until they got a stylist to dye it strawberry blond. That turned out to be a good thing. Ji Hu liked the color a lot better than the fire engine red he had been sporting and it became his signature color.
Ji Hu knew exactly who was picking on him. With every incidence, he hoped it would be the last so he endured them. Eventually Min-Jun would get tired of bothering him and give it up.
Min-Jun secretly threw away all Ji Hu’s clothing one day, shirts, trousers, even underwear while Ji Hu was in the shower. Ji Hu wasn’t fazed, after coming out wrapped in a towel, to discover he had nothing, absolutely nothing to wear. He knew exactly what had happened. Walking nearly naked down the hall to Min-Jun’s room, Ji Hu knocked but received no answer. Peeking in the empty room, he correctly surmised that Min-Jun was now taking his own shower. Ji Hu quickly grabbed what he needed and left. A few minutes later, pacing around in the kitchen in his borrowed clothing, Ji Hu snatched a drink from the refrigerator and sat at the table, quenching his thirst. Min-Jun walked into the kitchen and yelled.
“What?” Ji Hu jumped a mile in the air.
“Are you wearing my shirt?”
“Huh? Your shirt? Why, exactly, would I wear your clothes, Min-Jun?”
Ji Hu had him, there. Min-Jun couldn’t say anything without admitting to the theft. He left the kitchen after giving Ji Hu a smoldering stare.
“Are you really wearing Min-Jun’s shirt?” Leo asked him as he rounded the corner.
“Uh huh,” Ji Hu nodded, “and his trousers, socks, even his underpants. He took all my clothes and hid them somewhere or threw them out, so I helped myself to his wardrobe,” Ji Hu said.
Leo laughed. “Even the under panties?”
“What? They’re clean. It isn’t like I’m wearing dirty clothes. Yuck. Disgusting.” Ji Hu made a face.
Min-Jun plotted in his room. There must be something I can do to get at that sneaky red-head. It wasn’t until after the next concert that Min-Jun figured out what he could do to shut down Ji Hu from smiling all the time. They all knew that Ji Hu went somewhere after an afternoon concert. Where, exactly, did he go, to a club, maybe? If I can find out where, I may have something on him and that may kill his simpering smile, Min-Jun thought. The next concert, Min-Jun was prepared. When Ji Hu hopped into a taxi, Min-Jun dashed right behind him into one of his own and instructed the driver to follow.
The taxi dropped Ji Hu off at his sister's group home, like always. Just as Ji Hu had visited her after school, he now visited her after the concerts. Because the band practiced most days, all day long, there wasn’t time to see her during the day. On the weekends, the band had their performance on Saturday. That only left Sunday. Ji Hu usually visited on Sunday, but nothing replaced the excitement when he arrived right after a concert. He went through the whole performance for her, singing all the numbers and telling her all about the experience, as if she could live it through him. He also told her what went well, and what needed improving. She always listened, even adding in her own comments about how to make the show even better. It was her own special concert, since she couldn’t attend in person. Most of the time it wasn’t very private, though. Her house mates always gathered to hear the music, too. They all loved it, and moved their limbs in jerking fashion, to imitate the beat as best as they could. Ji Hu loved the visits as much as his sister. The cheerfulness of the house mates helped quell any mistreatment he experienced at the dorm. For him, it was his time to recharge his batteries for the next week.
“He’s spending the night with a bunch of freaks!”
Min-Jun saw the sign for the group home. Not knowing that the residents probably had, each of them, a higher I.Q. than average, Min-Jun only glimpsed through the windows handicapped individuals, swaying back and forth in their special chairs. Min-Jun quickly realized a way to get back at Ji Hu.
That night, in the dorm, Min-Jun got on the fan site and posted all about Ji Hu and his after concert visits to the group home. The fans will be so shocked! Min-Jun was beside himself, he was so happy. As soon as Ji Hu sees this, he’ll die of shame and that will be the end of that smile.
However, that was not the end of Ji Hu’s smile, much to Min-Jun’s dismay. Rather, by posting the information about Ji Hu on the fan site, the outrage Min-Jun had hoped for from the fans never materialized. Instead, the fans were overjoyed that Ji Hu spent his free time helping handicapped individuals. The respect for Ji Hu, according to the fans, skyrocketed. Ji Hu became popular. K-Entertainment got requests from the local news station to film Ji Hu at the group home. The management, thrilled with the publicity had the whole group go to his sister's home with Ji Hu. Min-Jun hated the visit and that put an end to him tormenting Ji Hu. He’d had enough and left Ji Hu alone. He would figure out some other avenue and someone else to pick on.


Chapter Nine: Shinwoo Before the Summer

Shinwoo was a loner and liked it that way, most of the time. He grew up alone, pampered by nannies and household staff, and educated by tutors. When he reached the limits of his tutors, his parents assumed he would go on to study abroad in one of the prestigious colleges in the United Kingdom, or perhaps to an elite Ivy League university in the United States, after which he would come home to enter the family business as a junior executive. He would be given one of the conglomerates to manage while he learned from his father and, someday, took over as chairman and president of his father’s enterprise. To any outsider, the prospect of becoming president of one of the world’s most prosperous companies was exciting. To Shinwoo, brought up in that environment, it meant a life of slavery, tied to the company, working long hours every day and traveling around the world, constantly. He had no intention of becoming his father’s slave. He entered the business world at eighteen, refusing to go to college first. His father, furious at the time, nevertheless consented to allow him to work for a few years, then go to college.
Shinwoo was given one of the food manufacturing plants, introduced to his management staff, then left alone to figure out how to run things. His company processed food for major restaurant chains throughout South Korea, Japan, and a smattering of Indonesia. His father expected him to fail. After he failed, he would be shipped off to college. He knew this because his father told him, at every opportunity, not sparing any feelings. At first, he threw himself into the job and put in long hours studying his company and other companies, how they were run, and researching how to make his better and more efficient. He met resistance via his management staff, none of whom respected an eighteen year-old with little experience, even though he was the son of the company president. However, over the next year and a half, Shinwoo managed to implement his ideas and his staff gradually came to support him. He found out that he had a talent for management and a better than average brain for business.
The company prospered, but Shinwoo was increasingly disappointed. Business life was lonely. Being the top executive meant a life alone. No time for anything else, he put in long hours on the job, day after day. After a year and a half, his life was just one big job, get up in the morning, go to work, come home late at night, then do it all over again the next day. There had to be more to life than this monotony.
At nineteen and a half, he found out that there was more to life when his parents started pushing prospective women at him for marriage purposes. Exceeding his father’s expectations at running his company, Shinwoo was now expected to exceed his mother’s expectations for finding a wife. He was young for marriage, true, but because he was determined not to go to college, his parents decided that he could get on with his life and get married. Had he gone to college, they would have waited and not pushed marriage on him until he was close to thirty.
Each Saturday, he was required to meet a prospective marriage candidate. The meetings were arranged, usually at the art museum, the opera, or lunch at the club. Even though each date had a different name, every woman was always the same, dressed to kill wardrobe, perfect hair, skin, and makeup, impeccable speech, and expensive, manicured nails. They were posh women, daughters of his mother’s idea of the best families in South Korea.
After a particularly painful date with the daughter of some executive he couldn’t remember, at twenty-one, after one and a half years of dating, Shinwoo decided he had enough. It wasn’t that he didn’t like women, far from that. It was just that all the women he met were cookie cutters of his mother, elite, posh, and selfish. He didn’t like any of them, but this recent date was the last straw. Shinwoo took her to the opera. He liked the opera. He enjoyed the performances and the music. Tonight, though, he was particularly depressed, envisioning his life, day after day in the business and married to some snob of a woman he didn’t like but who had a good pedigree. Tonight’s woman was no exception. She leaned over to him and commented on the stage costumes or the singing as if she knew better.
“Look at that hideous costume. You think they could have gotten better singers. That last note was atrocious. Why can’t they hire someone that can sing? We pay them enough. They should do as we say.”
On and on her comments came. Worse, she kept interrupting at improper times, like right when the heroine was in her solo. He finally told her off, loosing his manners.
“Look,” he turned to her in the private box, “can you be quiet through just one of the songs? You don’t know anything about the music and nothing about the storyline.”
She was shocked. “What? We pay them to sing and they better do the job we pay them to do.” She was mad, now, and still surprised that he had overstepped his manners and yelled at her. “If you think you know better, than why aren’t you down there singing on the stage? You probably had vocal, dancing, and music lessons enough when you were younger. I would pay good money to see your father squirming in this seat watching you down there.”
With that, she got up and left. He didn’t bother to follow her. Her chauffeur would find her and get her home. Another date down the drain, and good riddance to this one, not that he looked forward to a berating session from his mother. He was sure his date would let his mother know all about his bad manners. He stayed and sat back in his seat to listen to the end of the performance without interruption, at least without interruption from anyone else. Inside his head, he was constantly interrupted by what his date had said, “Why aren’t you down there?”
It was later in the week when he came upon the audition by chance. He returned from a meeting with his staff and as he waited for his administrative assistant, who took a call, he overheard some of the conversation.
“Look, you are only thirteen,” his assistant said into the phone. “I don’t care if every one else in your class is doing it.”
His assistant rolled his eyes at Shinwoo and held up a finger indicating he would be another minute. It must be his daughter on the phone, Shinwoo reasoned. Shinwoo’s assistant loved to talk about his family to anyone that would listen. Never one to say much, Shinwoo was still an excellent listener. He took in everything, and learned, over the last year, that his assistant had a very energetic, budding teenager.
Finally, hanging up the phone, his assistant told him, “She wanted to go to the auditions for some new K-pop group. Said there would be cute, young guys all over the hotel and she wanted to get a good look at them.” The assistant sighed. “Why do I have to have a girl that is boy crazy already? She just turned thirteen!”
Shinwoo couldn’t picture it, but his daughter was probably a handful, based on his assistant’s descriptions of her. Imagine, a squealing girl, barely a teen, ogling a bunch of young men too old for her.
“I’m terribly sorry, sir,” his assistant said. “She sent the audition information to me, but I’m afraid she got the number one digit off and it was sent to the printer in your office. I will retrieve it later and throw it out.”
The later never happened, though. Shinwoo got another call about a potential problem on one of the assembly lines and both he and his assistant spent the rest of the day in that part of the factory, working out a solution. Shinwoo returned to his office very late. He loosened his tie and sat back behind his desk, automatically reaching for the documents on his printer to finalize the signatures needed for the next day. On top of the forms was a color, full page advertisement for the auditions for some new group they were calling G5.
Not very creative, ’G’ for group and ’5’ for five members. He snorted. They could have picked something a little more flashy, to match their K-pop image. He read through the advertisement and kept stopping at one of the lines.
“Do you want to change your life?” it asked.
The next thing he knew, he was standing in line in his long, black, belted trench coat, perfectly polished shoes peeking out from his designer suit cuffs, hair slicked back. In front of him and behind him were jeans-clad men who kept asking him if he was one of the K-Entertainment executives. One guy even asked him if Shinwoo’s son was somewhere in the line, mistaking Shinwoo for someone much older. Shinwoo, as usual, said nothing and ignored the comments. In his world, it would be beneath him to even speak to other men of a lower class, but for Shinwoo, he hardly ever spoke, anyway. All the while, standing there, he kept telling himself that he was crazy. Yet, he still remained in line.
He got to the front and was handed a number. The attendant never even raised his head, just stuck out his hand with the numbered sticker and told Shinwoo to move to the left, jerking his head over toward a large door. Taking the sticker, Shinwoo opened the door to a gigantic ballroom filled with several snaking lines of young men. Each line ended up at a table where two people sat listening. As the line moved, a young man stepped up and sang in front of the table. The two people conferred and handed a yellow or white paper to the young man. Shinwoo overheard the guy in front of him say that yellow was good as gold, white meant death. Shinwoo stayed in the line, again, wondering why he hadn’t left.
When he snaked to the front, he stepped forward. The two people waited expectantly. By now, they had seen all sorts of men, dressed in all types of clothing, so they did not even glance twice at Shinwoo’s expensive business attire. They expected him to sing. In the line, earlier, Shinwoo had debated what to sing. He didn’t know any of the popular music songs that most of the men ahead of him were singing. He was raised on the classics. So, he picked a song from an opera that matched his range and that he had sung before, in vocal classes. At the end, the two people talked amongst themselves and handed him a yellow paper.
The yellow paper instructed participants that passed the first vocal audition, to return the next day for further tests. Shinwoo told his administrative assistant that he would be at another location that day and to hold all his calls until further notice. He then went out and bought a pair of jeans, not having any in his wardrobe, and a shirt, which the sales clerk ensured him all the hot, young guys were wearing, but was clearly inferior quality. Not wanting to break in another pair of shoes, he used his jogging sneakers under his jeans, knowing he might have to dance. Heeled dancing shoes would probably be better, but he also knew that he’d be laughed at if he wore them.
Feeling stiff in the new jeans, he entered the audition for the second day. Last night, on the way home, he listened to popular music on the radio, something he had never done before. He even had to ask the chauffeur if he could get any music like that in the car. The chauffeur was surprised, but immediately obliged him and switched on the radio to a popular station. He listened, then, at home, wrote his own music that might match the songs he heard. He wrote it for a single voice accompanied by an acoustic guitar. Today, at the audition, he had the guitar in a case with him. He took out the instrument, tuned it and practiced his piece while he waited for his turn.
They called his number and he went into the audition room, armed with his guitar. Three judges, this time, sat behind a table. He sang and played for them, and they talked amongst themselves.
“Was that an original song? We don’t think we’ve heard that before today,” they asked him.
“Yes.” Shinwoo stuck to his usual curt answers.
“Have you recorded this song with anyone?” one of the three asked.
“No.”
“OK. Thank you.” They handed him a yellow paper. This time the paper instructed him to proceed to another room for further auditions. He found out the next room was dancing. They waited until the room was full with about twenty men and lined them up. Teaching them a routine, they were all instructed to dance until stopped. Shinwoo danced. Taught ballroom dancing, he had never done any other type of dance. However, he found he enjoyed the mix of movements and danced until told to stop. He was then handed another yellow paper.
His whole afternoon he continued until it was obvious there was one group of ten left. It was late at night, having been a very long day for most of them. As each was called into a room, they were given a sheet of music and asked to sing the song on the page. Shinwoo took the music and sang the song, after quickly reading through it. It was a pop tune that tested his vocal range, but he thought he did well. After that, the group talked about him, as if he weren’t in the room.
“The run at the end was good, but he could use just a little bit more vibrato,” one said.
“What do you mean, more vibrato? We don’t want all that vibrato for our industry. That isn’t what sells, you know?” another one argued back.
“What do you think about his looks? Isn’t he a bit too polished?”
“We can fix anything,” said yet another. 
Shinwoo was a little taken aback that anything on him was less than perfect, let alone needed fixing.
Finally, they told him to go back to the other room and wait. He waited while several other guys had their turn. At the end, the judges came into the room, smiling.
“Number 6,” they announced. “You’re in.”
Shinwoo heard groans and sighs of disappointment from the others in the room, some comments louder than others. He took it all in, not saying anything. His stuck on number read ’9’ as he looked at it upside down.
His life changed that night. He never went back to work, and never called to tell them that he wasn’t coming returning. He didn’t speak to his family, after that, nor did he miss them. He lived in a dorm with four younger men, whom, he concluded, were not only younger, but immature, as well. One was a gangster, obvious from the tattoo on his chest and he always wanted to pick a fight. One was a talker, too eager, too peppy in the morning. Another was down-to-earth, shy, and way too humble for his own good, and the last was too young, in appearance and emotions. Shinwoo still kept to himself, but he felt alive, now. He was lonely but most times it didn’t matter. He actually liked the dancing and singing, but it was the time and opportunity to compose that excited him the most. He met all kinds of women and learned that most of them weren’t snobs. In fact, he actually enjoyed pleasing women with his singing. It was nice to be able to see them in the audience, arms swaying back and forth in time to the music, loving what he wrote. He liked his life, now, and wanted to keep it that way.


Chapter Ten: Mac at Day Three of His Summer Job

The evening after Mac signed the contract, Mom, Aunt, and he went back to his aunt’s house, where he finally got to use the shower, to his relief. He came out as red as a lobster, but significantly more clean. It had been a very long, bizarre day and he was nearly ready to crash and, with luck, get some sleep. Mac was reacquainted with his cousins when they came home from school, two teen-age twin girls, about thirteen or fourteen years old. They seemed shy, but nice, and smiled a lot. They sat in the living room while his aunt and mom remembered old stories. The twins didn’t get to see Mac or his mom often, although they had come to the U.S. to visit a couple of times. The last visit was when they were seven. Back then, Mac was near their stage of life, a gangly teen, growing into an adult body. Of course, they had seen some pictures between then and now, but they tried to make the connection between that awkward teenager, and the now fully grown man.
“So, girls,” Mac’s aunt asked, “do you think Dan has grown any since you last saw him? Do you even remember him?”
One of them answered shyly, “Yes, I remember him, but he’s gotten bigger, now.”
“And so has his hair,” the other one chipped in, then covered her mouth like she said something bad. The two of them then giggled and Mac tried to squish his hair flat on his head. Of course, it didn’t mind, at all, springing right back up where it had been a minute before.
“Hmm…,” his aunt laid her finger on her chin. “I suppose you are right,” she mussed. “Well, perhaps your uncle’s friend at your new place of employment can do something with it.” She winked at Mac. “They have done wonders with the hair of all those pop stars. A lowly stage hand, like Dan, should be no problem. What do you think, girls?”
They put their own fingers on their chins, in an exact replica of their mother’s expression, “Maybe,” one said, Ji-woo or Ji-min. It was hard for Mac to tell. “Miracles can happen.” They both laughed, outright. Mac sighed.
“Aw, sorry,” one said in English. “We didn’t mean to make you sad. Your hair isn’t too bad, really.”
“Yeah,” the other one chipped in, “if you keep on your hat.” She laughed some more, but the other twin poked her.
“Ji-woo, don’t make fun of our cousin. After all, he is family.”
“Thanks, Ji-min,” Mac said to both of them because he couldn’t tell which one had spoken up for him.
“Dan,” Ji-min said. Now he could tell. It was the twin on the left. “You do have pretty eyes, even if your hair isn’t so great. The color of your hair, at least, goes well with your eyes.”
Wow, this twin was getting bold, now. Shy? Did he think these twins were shy a minute ago? They weren’t that shy now.
“Yes, I agree,” Ji-woo chimed in. “Dan, can we call you Oppa?” They both leaned forward awaiting his answer.
“If you want,” Mac said, trying to seem cool about it.
“Can we take your picture so we can show our friends at school what our American cousin looks like?” Ji-woo whisked out her cell phone.
“Uh, sure,” Mac said.
They bounced over to the sofa, and threw their phone to their mother, who snapped a couple of pictures while the twins leaned toward Mac, smiling broadly, and holding two fingers up in a “v,” like a peace sign.
Before long, Mac was lulled into a doze on the sofa by the murmur of pleasant conversation, and soft laughter as everyone chatted. He wasn’t fully asleep, but in that part-way world where his body weighed a ton and it was an effort to lift anything, including his eyelids. He could still hear, barely, the conversation. He heard the twins ask, far away, if they could invite a few friends over. Oh great, a house full of females. Somewhere, in the back of his nearly slumbering brain, he registered the request. He awoke instantly, however, eyes flying open when he heard Mallory giggle and saw her standing behind the chair across the room. Next to her was an elderly man that Mac didn’t recognize. He didn’t smile, but stared Mac right in the eyes and nodded.
Everyone may be haunted, in some way, some how. It can be emotional or physical. It can be a ghost, appearing and reappearing, such as was the case for Mac. Mallory haunted his dreams, coming every few nights for years. Her haunting bothered him so much that he got little sleep on most nights, staying awake and fighting rest and the possibility of a visit from Mallory. It wasn’t that he was scared of her. Far from it. He had adored her, with her large brown eyes. He spent every minute he could with her in life. He held her hand when she needed comforting. He sang to her to try to distract her from her pain. He did everything he could to be her friend and valued that friendship until the very end. He was devastated when she left because she had left him alone. Without her, he had no one and when she left him, he spiraled into despair.
So why did her dream visitations trouble him so much? He was not sure, except that whenever she visited, pleading to him with those deep brown eyes, he experienced overwhelming anguish and fear. He never wanted to go to that place, again, the place of the terrible despair. Seeing Mallory always frightened him so much, he was afraid that he’d slip back and never return.
Mac came awake fully, as he usually did when Mallory appeared. He heard more giggling in the background, lots of it. At first, he thought it was Mallory, again, but he quickly realized that it was more than one person and not her. She was gone and the elderly man wasn’t there, either. In her place there were about five or six girls observing him, with his cousins in the middle of the pack. He swore someone patted his hair. Enough about my hair already, he grumbled to himself. How long was I asleep, anyway?
“Mother said to let you sleep,” one of the twins said to Mac. “You were out cold for about an hour. Did you know you snore?” She chuckled, along with her friends.
“No you don’t.” The other twin snapped at her sister. “She’s just being mean. You were so peaceful sleeping there on the sofa that Mother didn’t want to wake you.” The girls tittered even more and moved in closer.
At last Mac’s uncle walked in and rescued him. Later, after dinner, Mac finally slept, exhausted from the plane ride and the long day. It felt like only a few minutes from when he closed his eyes to them opening again at the sound of a soft knock on his bedroom door. It was his wake up call. He had an eight o’clock job to get to, but his eyes didn’t work well until he got coffee. Mac sipped a latte with an unacceptably bad blend of coffee in the limo on the way to K-Entertainment. He always drank a latte if the coffee was questionable because, then, at least a good portion of it would be diluted by the milk. Still foggy with jet lag, Mac yawned as the twins stared at him from across the seat. Finally the car arrived at the office, Mac exited and worked his way through the people lining the walkway, as he had done the day before.
At the entertainment offices, Mac was escorted upstairs and his transformation began. They started with his hair. No big surprise, there. The sides were cut shorter and the top spiked all over. They put some kind of colored dye on the tips of his hair on top, as well. Apparently, they had planned for his remake, because they kept referring to a script and drawings. After his hair was finished, he was put into different clothes, vastly different clothes. Now, two weeks later, Mac didn’t think much about his wardrobe except that the clothes still were too tight. Back then, a straight jacket constricted his whole body, everything was so tight compared to his normal clothes. He had black makeup all around his eyes and to his temples, in a band, like a mask, and new, dark contact lenses. His eyes would get used to the contacts in a few days, he was told. When he viewed himself in a mirror, Mac was startled by the transformation. He appeared completely different than he had only a few hours ago. He also could not tell unless he got up very close to the mirror, that he wasn’t Asian.
They escorted Mac to a photo shoot, where he stood in different dictated poses while they took his picture. Feeling silly, he complied. They did have to keep telling him to smile. So far, nothing they had done made him feel like smiling. They directed that he change his outfit four different times, into different colors, once red, then black, then purple, then white. Each time, someone adjusted his makeup to put matching glitter in different places and colored the tips of his hair to compliment his clothes. Mac’s eyes burned, with the last change, swollen and red hot from all the makeup going on and off, and the contacts bothered him. After the last change of clothes, they told him to leave them on, and they went to a press briefing, where he met the rest of the group for the first time and they got a look at him.
Shinwoo, Min-Jun, Ji Hu, and Leo were all dressed similarly to Mac and made up in an identical fashion, as well. Leo, Mac found out later, was born in England, but moved with his parents to South Korea at a very young age. His mother was British and his father was Korean. The rest of them were born and bred in South Korea, most in Seoul, but Min-Jun was from Busan. Clearly the leader of the pack, they all deferred to Shinwoo, the oldest, at twenty-two. The youngest, Ji Hu, was nineteen, so Mac was in the middle of the age bracket. Mac was not the only blond, either, but he was the only natural blond. Min-Jun dyed his hair a dark blond. Ji Hu had reddish dyed hair. The other two were naturally dark brown, nearly black. All had shorter styles, some choppy, like Min-Jun’s. It was strange, but, for pop stars, not too outlandish. Mac also discovered that they were all about the same size in height and weight.
Mac had been coached, during the earlier photo shoot, on possible questions the reporters would ask, and how he should answer them, if he had to speak. However, the manager told Mac that he, the manager, would do most of the talking. The manager told the reporters that Mac lived in Seoul with his aunt. No lie, just not the full truth. He boasted about Mac’s singing and dancing talents. Mac wasn’t sure he measured up to that boasting, and it was kind of embarrassing, but he didn’t say anything. The rest of the group answered questions on how they felt about Mac being added to replace Jung-Ja, the member that had been in the accident and badly hurt.
Shinwoo answered for all of them first, “We look forward to working with Mac, our newest member, and understand that he has much talent to bring to our group.”
That’s nice of him, Mac thought. He’s not too bad a guy.
A couple of other members added their two cents when pressed for more from the reporters.
“Of course, no one can replace Jung-Ja,” said the red-haired one, Ji Hu “but we will make sure that Mac is up to our standards and welcome him into the group.” Ji Hu smiled and continued. “Although I am the youngest in the group,” at which all the others patted his head and slugged him on the arms in wholly male affectionate gestures, “Mac is actually the lowest man in the hierarchy, now. I gladly give up my lowly status so that he can step into my shoes.”
Everyone laughed and the rest of the group pounded Ji Hu even more. The reporters seemed to be eating it up but before long, the press conference was over and the group, including Mac, was escorted to the front doors of the building and out to a waiting stretch van. The van, white with the band’s “G5 Rocks!” logo plastered on it, idled with the doors held by a driver. They only had to walk from the front door, to the van, a distance of about fifty feet. However, this was Mac’s first encounter with the public as a G5 member and the fans outside were there in abundance. It looked, to him, like a larger group than yesterday when his mom, aunt and he arrived from the airport, but screaming girls were all alike, to him. Waiving signs and shouting, they awaited the group on either side of a flimsy rope barrier. Stationed every few feet, men in black suits stood alert, put there, Mac assumed, for crowd control. Most of the girls screamed for Shinwoo, Mac noticed. Everyone pointed their cameras at Mac and took photos, though.
Safely in the van, Mac occupied the middle seat. Once the doors closed and the vehicle hit the street, the nice guys turned on him.
Shinwoo started the interrogation. “So, Mac is it?” He sat in the very back of the van. “You had better live up to that reputation given you. We heard you on your audition video, but that’s not good enough for us. Let’s hear it live.”
“Excuse me?” Mac didn’t understand what Shinwoo wanted. “Let’s hear what?”
“The managers may have hired you, but we are the ones that have to work with you and get you integrated into the group. You aren’t part of this group until we approve of you, not the managers, not the Director, not anybody but us. I don’t care what they told you, but if you don’t cut it, we’re dropping you at the next corner and you can catch a bus back to the U.S. We already don’t like your looks, or your accent, so your singing better be like butter, smooth and golden.” Shinwoo was not as friendly as Mac originally supposed. In English, Shinwoo enunciated distinctly and slowly when he said, “Sing, now!”
The rest of the van was silent, all eyes turned toward Mac. He swore he could have heard a pin drop. They were decidedly not friendly. Here Mac sat, in a hostile van, surrounded by guys that already decided they didn’t like him. Should he sing or keep quiet? Four pairs of eyes drilled holes into his body. The manager, sitting in the front, turned around and spoke.
“Guys, Mac is tired from everything today. He’s not used to this type of activity. Give him a break and let him relax.”
“No.” The one word came from the back, probably Shinwoo.
Silence continued while they all stared at Mac. What could he do? That stage hand job seemed better and better, however, he signed the contract to be a part of G5 for two weeks and he promised to stick it out. It was going to be a long, hostile two weeks. The management hired him because they said he could sing. He always figured his voice sounded all right, but never considered himself good. The managers yesterday said different. He’d let these guys in the van decide. If they didn’t like his voice, then they could take it up with the managers and find someone else. He still had that backup job waiting, after all. If these guys wanted singing, then he’d give it to them, but he’d do it his way. He rolled his eyes and shrugged.
“My favorite general, U.S. Grant, once said, “I only know two tunes: One is Yankee Doodle, and the other isn’t,” Mac said.
Shinwoo said not a word, but glared at Mac.
Mac closed his eyes and sang “The Star Spangled Banner,” the anthem of his homeland. Doing it his way, he picked the song on purpose to rile them up. Actually, at this point, with all the hostility, Mac wished he really was back home. He ended with the last line, “and the home of the brave,” almost adding in “Play Ball!” because he could barely resist. He had also emphasized the “O” in “O say can you see…” just like everyone always did at any home game in Baltimore. “O” stood for the Orioles, Baltimore’s baseball team, but everyone sang the “O” loudly at any Baltimore team game, football, hockey, you name it. Mac loved that embellishment and enjoyed knowing these guys would never get it.
The manager looked at Shinwoo in the very back of the van. “Should we stop at the next corner?”
There was no reply. Mac guessed he passed the singing exam, sarcasm included.
“That was pretty good,” he heard whispered from Leo, in English. “The Ice General” didn’t say anything, so you are probably OK for now. I guess that was the only other song you knew.” He chuckled, referring to Mac’s quote from Ulysses Grant. “Wasn’t Grant one of your famous generals? Good one to pull on Shinwoo. He likes military crap.”
“Whew!” Mac pretended to wipe sweat from his brow. “That’s a relief.”
His sarcasm overflowed, right now. He guessed it was from all the pent up frustration of the day. What with the tight outfit, the itchy makeup and contacts that killed his eyes, the fact that he was in a boy-band, ugh, and now the animosity from the group, Mac was not feeling great, at all. He had two weeks to decide if he’d made a mistake accepting this summer job. He was not looking forward to those two weeks.
After a twenty minute ride, the van dropped the group off at the dorm, a house somewhere in the hills. A few reporters hung out at the gate, but the van drove inside and a security guard made sure none entered the short drive to the door. Mac was shown to his room by one of the managers, the largest private dorm room he had ever seen. Given his schedule for the rest of the week, the manager let him know that his time was free for what little remained of the day, so he should get settled in. He could change into casual clothes, which was what they called his own wardrobe. First thing he did was get the irritating contacts out, jump into the shower and scrub all that itchy makeup off. He came out to find all his clothes already unpacked and in the drawers. Someone had even neatly folded his underwear. A picture of his mom and dad perched on top of a desk near the bed, as well. Feeling immensely better, he sat down and reviewed his schedule.
Yikes! No rest for the weary. Each day started at six o’clock in the morning and ended at ten o’clock at night. Filled with exercise class, dance class, singing class, practices with the group, martial arts class, recording studio, and so on, the schedule seemed endless. Martial arts class? He wondered what that meant. He didn’t have any free time until Sunday, and even then only until one in the afternoon, at which point, the endless practice sessions started all over again. Yes, he thought, it was going to be a long two weeks.


Chapter Eleven: Me at Day three of My Summer Vacation

We dropped Dan off for the first day of his summer job. My sister was so excited for him. Apparently, this pop group was all the rage now, and she got the gossip, all day long, from her students. She knew enough not to spill the beans for his sake, though. I was just worried for Dan. It would be a long day for him, but thank goodness he had sufficient sleep last night. I could see that he had more color in his cheeks, and he had wolfed down a healthy two or three bowls of leftover rice, pork and kimchi for breakfast. Whenever he ate well, I knew he had slept well. And he wasn’t picky about what he ate, either. He would just as soon eat rice dishes for breakfast as he would eat a bowl of cereal or a piece or two of pizza, although his favorite breakfast was something I abhorred. He liked to eat peanut butter right out of the jar, and gulp coffee along with it.
Breakfast aside, I worried about him because he would be all alone in a country he had never visited, eating many new things, and going to unfamiliar places. Would he get lost somewhere? Would he understand all the customs and know how to fill out all the paperwork? Thank goodness he could speak and read Korean. If not for that, I would be petrified for him.
It was cute that Dan’s cousins, the twins, now called him “Oppa.” That was an affectionate term that little sisters often used when referring to their older brothers, or in this case, their elder cousin. They both waved good-bye to him, having been given permission to see him off before we took them to school. They were impressed that Dan had a job working in the same company as their favorite pop group, G5, and asked him several times if he saw any of the members, to please get their autograph. Dan always smiled and promised to get them what they wanted, if he saw anyone famous.
Now, settling back in the car, my sister and I were alone. Today, we decided, we would spend the day getting pampered and work out a plan for seeing the rest of the family. I hadn’t decided if I wanted to approach Father, yet, so we needed to discuss it. We would meet Mother for tea and I would feel her out, then, as to Father’s mood.
I had not seen Mother since I left, either, but she had, at least, corresponded with me over the years. Although she begged me to come back, more during the first few years, then less and less as time went on, she harbored no resentment that I actually did leave. She, herself, had a hard time living with Father. Ten years older than Mother, my father ruled the household with an iron fist. Their match was made when Mother was very young, only twelve, and their marriage consummated when Mother turned eighteen. I did not come along, however, until Mother was twenty-two. Mother had two miscarriages before my birth. Had either of those gone to full term, Mother would have given Father all that he wanted, a male to carry on his lineage. Instead, he had two daughters and no son.
Mother didn't visit me in the U.S. She always made up excuses to me or Hye Soon on why she couldn’t come, but we three all knew that it boiled down to Father. He never gave permission for Mother to see me and Mother was too afraid to ask, or to defy him. I didn’t harbor any ill will against Mother for not seeing me. I only pitied her.
Today, we would meet for tea. Long ago, Hye Soon and I planned this meeting for a few reasons. Mother would be able to get away from the house and return, with no one the wiser. As long as she didn’t tell Father with whom she was having tea, all would be fine. Mother often lunched with friends or met them for tea and Father never asked her about her day.
“You pick her out when she arrives,” Hye Soon told me as we waited at the table for Mother.
She was as almost as excited as I at the reunion. Hye Soon worked long and hard for this day, planning and plotting with me, over the years. We discussed everything, from agreeing on the restaurant down to what to wear. Mother noticed every detail, and we wanted to make sure we had her approval. Our hair, nails, and makeup were freshly done that morning, and we both shopped for new outfits, head to toe. We were polished and perfect, the two of us. Agreeing to meet at one of the most upscale department store tea rooms, we nibbled little cakes waiting for Mother.
Hye Soon clutched my arm. “There she is!”
I was not mad that Hye Soon upstaged me and announced my mother before I had a chance to spot her. I glanced over to the receptionist area and yes, there she stood. Mother. As usual and as I remembered, she was dressed to the nines with hat, purse, and shoes carefully coordinated. However, this Mother was much older than I remembered. At seventy-six years of age, she had aged, but, in that split second I reasoned, so had I. Her hair was completely gray, but still stylish. She had many more wrinkles, and was thinner than I remembered. She also appeared tired, very tired, as if she needed a good night’s sleep but had been unable to do so for some time.
She walked over to us, unsmiling and stopped before our table. I wasn’t sure what she would say, if it would be favorable or negative, from her expression. She reached up to me, she was at least four inches shorter than either Hye Soon or me, and touched my face tenderly. Tears welled up in my eyes.
“Hye Ji,” she said softly. “I have missed you so.”
We hugged each other. I didn’t want to let go, but eventually Hye Soon cleared her throat and asked if we would like some tea. Our server waited to pour. We sat down and the afternoon sailed by as we talked. Hye Soon had let Mother know the one stipulation that I had on this meeting. I did not want to talk about Father until I was ready. We chatted about Sam and his job and filled mother in on Dan’s summer employment. She laughed and laughed to hear that he was now in the famous G5 K-pop group. I was surprised to know that Mother knew all about them and even spouted off the names of the other four. My mother was a secret K-pop fan! Who would have known?
“Of course, Mother,” I said, “you can’t tell anyone about Dan’s secret. The managers are very concerned about negative publicity, should it become public, that he’s not from South Korea. They’ve asked us not to tell anyone, but we thought you should know.”
“I understand,” Mother said back to me. “I wouldn’t want to jeopardize Dan’s summer job, nor those nice managers of his. It is so good of them to be concerned for his welfare and to help him.”
“Well who knows if the managers are helping Dan or just looking out for themselves to make money off the group. I have no idea if they are nice,” I commented. “Whatever the reason, we promised to keep it quiet, so please help us.”
“Oh, I will. Don’t worry.” Mother patted my hand. “There is only one stipulation that I ask and my lips will be sealed about Dan until you tell me I can part them.”
Both Hye Soon and I looked at her expectantly.
“I want an enormous, signed picture from that new hunk, Mac,” Mother laughed.
“No problem,” both Hye Soon and I said in unison back to her and we all chuckled with the shared secret.
With our reservation time drawing to a close, I took a deep breath and broached the forbidden subject with trepidation. “Mother, how is Father?”
I really had no idea, since I expressively forbid anyone from talking about Father to me over the last thirty some years. I was shocked by what I heard next, but then, Mother had no idea that Hye Soon never mentioned him to me, either.
“They don’t know how much longer he has, probably only a few weeks.”
She became quiet, contemplating something unsaid.
“What do you mean? He’s not well?” I asked. I did not have any idea.
Mother looked up at me, surprised. “You didn’t know?”
I shook my head. Mother turned to Hye Soon with a questioning look in her eyes.
“She warned me over and over never to talk about Father,” Hye Soon explained to Mother, then to me she said, “Father is in hospice, now.”
I gasped. “Hospice? What happened?”
“He had a massive stroke about a month ago and has been getting progressively worse. We’ve taken him to all the best doctors, but there isn’t anything they can do for him.”
Hye Soon grabbed my hand while she explained. No wonder Mother seemed like she hadn’t slept. She probably hadn’t!
“Is he conscience? Can he talk?” I asked.
“He flits in and out. He can’t talk well and most of the time he’s sleeping, but every once in a while he wakes up and is lucid,” Mother said. “I am spending most of my time with him at the hospice. He insisted that I go home at night, though. I’ll be on my way back to the hospice after tea.” Mother paused, thinking.
“You know,” Mother said, “he doesn’t even know he lost a granddaughter, and gained a grandson. I never told him. Why don’t you come to the hospice tomorrow and tell him. I don’t know if he’ll see you, or even if he will be awake, but perhaps you can visit with him, anyway.”
I promised her I would go.


Chapter Twelve: Mac Past Two Weeks of His Summer Job

Mac’s two weeks until the first concert went by amazingly fast. The G5 guys adapted to him, begrudgingly, and he learned their songs and his parts. He was surprised how athletic they were in their numbers, not only dancing those boy-band moves, but also doing some tricky stunts with ancient Korean weapons. He wouldn’t be doing those complicated numbers, yet, though, until he learned more. The classes, as a whole, weren’t too bad. He could sing and dance, and he lifted weights and jogged, so exercising his body and vocal chords didn’t kill him. The long days were long, though. He dropped into bed at night and slept a dreamless sleep until his alarm woke him at five-thirty the next morning. The only good thing was that he was getting more sleep than he ever had in the last few years, and Mallory never came once. Mac was always too exhausted to dream.
Halfway through week two, Mac had a recording session added to his schedule. They wanted him to record the song he sang at his audition after they found out it was his own. A bit surprised by this, Mac asked if they didn’t want a different song.
“You have more than one song that you wrote?” the manager asked.
“Yes, I have a whole folder of them,” Mac answered. He downloaded the folder to the manager after he asked to see it. He was a bit embarrassed because he remembered it included the song he wrote on the plane after meeting the dimpled girl at the airport. He blushed thinking about his goof-up, tripping over her suitcase in the aisle. She was still hot, in his mind.
The manager had Mac record the audition song, and decided, on the spot, to have Mac sing a solo at the first concert, Mallory’s song. Mac tried hard to talk the manager out of it, but he was insistent. The manager claimed it was perfect for the interlude between the first part of the performance, and the songs that came after Mac’s solo. There were lines, in the song, that spoke of love for hundreds of years and such, which played well to stepping back in time to the Joseon period costumes the band wore during the martial arts songs. That wasn’t Mac’s intent when he wrote the song, but Mac guessed people had their own interpretations of the lyrics with any good song.
Now, with the pace increased, and Mac still keeping up, the guys in the group were coming around. He found that they weren’t so bad, after all. Most of them, anyway. Shinwoo didn’t talk to Mac if he didn’t have to but Leo and Mac were close, maybe because they shared the same language. The two of them discovered that if they conversed in English, Ji Hu and Min-Jun couldn’t pick up on most of it because they spoke too fast for them to follow the conversation. Ji Hu had learned English in school, and could speak it well enough, but not enough to follow a native speaker. Shinwoo seemed to understand most of Leo and Mac’s conversations, however Min-Jun could only say a few popular phrases in English. He didn’t understand the language much at all. He could, now though, in the time that Mac had been around, say all the nasty words and phrases Mac sometimes used. Min-Jun loved to repeat them back to Mac at every opportunity.
Min-Jun told Mac, begrudgingly, that he made it into G5 when they had auditions in his province. It was a change for him to come to Seoul. He had to leave his gang behind. Min-Jun also had a prominent tattoo on his chest, one that he liked to show off when he got riled up. The management never let him display it in public, though. While they made Mac often wear vests that showed his chest, Min-Jun was always covered fully.
At his insistence, Min-Jun had his hair dyed every few weeks and the stylist touched up his roots every week. He was quite fashion conscience and overly obsessed with his hair. After Mac had settled into the dorm, Min-Jun asked how often Mac dyed his hair. When Mac told him never, Min-Jun was incredulous. “Luck seems to follow you around, everywhere, Lunch Dog,” he envied, and not in a nice way.
Then there was Shinwoo. Along with Min-Jun, Mac didn’t like him as much from the start, and that disliking had continued. At least Shinwoo didn’t tease Mac like Min-Jun did. Shinwoo was like ice. He was very reserved, never smiling except the fake one he put on when in front of the fans. He had some serious problems behind that glacier, but Mac had no idea what they were. When they returned back to the dorm, Shinwoo usually disappeared into his room. He talked when spoken to, but only if he really had something to say. The most Mac had heard him speak, so far, was in the van on his first day with the group when Shinwoo forced him to sing for everyone.
Shinwoo spent a lot of time in the studio, in addition to his room, playing the piano and listening to music. Maybe, Mac thought, he’s writing something, since all the songs the group sang were created by Shinwoo or left over from Jung-Ja. Whenever anyone went into the studio, though, Shinwoo left, without saying anything.
He didn’t go out with anyone from the band in his time off, but he did go somewhere. On his days off, Leo told Mac, Shinwoo went to the ballet, theater, or opera dressed in one of the closet full of suits and tuxedos in his bedroom. Those suits, Leo assured him, were more expensive than the new car Leo had just bought his parents. When Mac asked Leo for more about Shinwoo, all he got back was, “We might not get on, because he’s different, but pay attention to him. He knows what he’s doing.”
So far, Mac had crossed Shinwoo on the very first day, so he wasn’t doing very well at getting to know him.
When Mac couldn’t sleep at night, sometimes he’d go to the studio. It was a great place to play the instruments with headphones on. No one else could hear. He could escape a bit, and wear himself down enough to get in a few hours of sleep. Physically, each day he was exhausted from all the exercise, but mentally he often need to wind down. Playing the piano, guitar, or listening to music sometimes helped. After the first two weeks of brutal practice, the schedule changed and didn’t start until eight in the morning.
Mac started going to the studio at night for about an hour to unwind. At first it was fine, then after a few days, he noticed someone kept leaving trash behind. The room was littered with empty water bottles. He cleaned it up and listened to some music. A few days later, he opened the door to trash, again, but this time it was all waded pieces of paper. Every sheet was blank. A few days later the room was full of empty beer cans. Could one person drink that much beer?
He asked a couple of the guys if they knew anything about the trash situation. No one knew anything. Everyone Mac asked denied having anything to do with it. The funny thing was, if Mac checked the room around ten at night, or even midnight, it was clean. Someone was doing it some time between midnight and one in the morning. The room was never trashed in the morning, either. If they trashed the studio in the middle of the night and Mac wasn’t around to clean it up, they must have cleaned it up themselves. It was starting to drive Mac nuts. He needed that escape to be able to fall asleep for a few hours, but with the cleaning, someone was working hard to give him more work. What did it mean?


Chapter Thirteen: Me at Three Weeks of My Summer Vacation

I was back to see Father in the hospice several times, at almost three weeks into the summer vacation. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to see him, at first, but I promised Mother, so the very next day I went with Hye Soon.
The hospice was set up on a hillside, surrounded by beautifully manicured gardens. The patients and their families could stroll the paths of the gardens or sit and take in the views. The gardens were organized into rooms that flowed from one to another. A terrace of flagstone with a surrounding stone wall flowed into an archway of poplar trees, carefully clipped to form a cathedral to walk underneath. A lawn of perfectly manicured green grass, not a weed in sight, progressed into a rose garden with fragrance so heady even the bees flew heavily, buzzing around the abundant blooms. Each patient’s room in the hospice had a view of a part of the garden, so if any of them happened to look out their window, they would see serenity and beauty. For most, though, I supposed it was the families that took in the views and not the patients. The patients were too caught up in their own final countdown from the beauty of life.
Family members were allowed at any time in the hospice. I could visit Father at three in the morning, if I wanted. Some often stayed over night with their loved one. The staff went out of their way to make me feel comfortable while I was there, offering me tea or soft drinks, showing me the kitchen, in case I wanted to make something for myself or my father. They had a fully stocked refrigerator in a working kitchen and told me where the ice cream was kept. Their patients often found it soothing to eat the ice cream when they couldn’t swallow water or juice. The coolness of the treat helped their parched throats and the slippery cream slid down without any obstructions. A volunteer came in every day and baked cookies in the kitchen. The smell of almond or ginger often wafted down the hallway, which was the intent. Plates of cookies appeared around three in the afternoon, set out for family and friends to eat. Soft, comfy chairs occupied lounges scattered around the hospice, with sculpture or paintings to sooth the soul inside, as the gardens did outside.
Father had a private room with a view out onto an arbor covered with purple, weeping wisteria in full bloom. It was a beautiful sight, that wisteria, and I spent several hours analyzing it during my visits. Highly invasive, I knew that it could easily take over the arbor and then the hospice, itself, if it went unchecked. However, someone, the caretaker of these beautiful gardens, had taken the time to prune so that it draped the arbor perfectly, a picture of loveliness. It was much the same as life, I pondered morbidly, as I sat in Father’s room. If not kept in check, life tended to get out of control, but properly tended, it thrived and bloomed. Sometimes, when it went awry, it was necessary to use drastic measures to get it back in place. I felt I had done this thirty-four years ago, when I left South Korea. Life, for me, had been out of control. By leaving and starting a new life in the U.S., I had done my drastic pruning, culling my father out of my life.
I did that pruning, again, with my life, after my daughter died. My grief was unbound, and if I didn’t tame it, I would have sunk down into despair and never resurfaced. Giving Dan a hand to hold, then a family to call his own helped him thrive and bloom, and helped heal my wounds.
Now, as I sat in the hospice watching the blooms of the wisteria gently sway in the breeze outside, I looked back on the last thirty-four years and had little regrets. I turned to Father in the bed beside me. He was eighty-seven years old now, and had shrunk to half the size I remembered. He used to tower above me and Hye Soon, but he seemed small, now. With hollow cheeks, his head sank into the pillow. Dark circles ringed his eyes and his mouth, dry and cracked, was partially open, pulling air in and out of his lungs. I picked up the wash cloth and carefully moistened his lips. His tongue moved, feeling the rough wash cloth as I carefully stroked back and forth. He had not opened his eyes in any of my previous visits. He had not spoken, only slept, moving fitfully sometimes, requiring the covers to be readjusted every few minutes. I wondered what he dreamed, not something peaceful, since he was so restless. Perhaps, though, that was only the dying process, and he had no idea of his dreams. I put the wash cloth back on the side table.
“Hye Soon?” I heard. While his appearance had changed drastically, Father’s voice was the same, but very weak, a low timbre that sounded rough and gravelly.
“No, Father,” I said, taking his hand. “It is Hye Ji. Do you remember me?”
“Hye Soon?” He didn’t seem to hear me. I patted his hand and stroked his arm.
“No, Father. Hye Ji.”
He had fallen back asleep. I readjusted the covers and sat back to examine the wisteria.


Chapter Fourteen: Mac at Three Weeks of His Summer Job

Three weeks into his summer job as a Korean pop star, Mac had successfully passed his initiation by singing and dancing in his first concert. K-Entertainment decided to keep him for the whole summer. He was now officially part of the K-pop band. Disgusting as it first sounded to him, it wasn’t so bad and he could last for the summer. He just could never tell his room mate back in the States about being in a boy band. Brad would laugh him off the planet if he knew.
Thinking he was doing fine with the band, Mac was surprised when the pace picked up considerably after that first performance. Instead of one concert on the weekend, they now had three, or sometimes four in a week, performing on Thursday, Friday, and two concerts on Saturday, a matinee and an evening performance. It was exhausting, especially the Saturdays.
This Saturday, at three weeks, Mac did all the music in the first half of the concert and the last few songs without any mistakes in vocals and choreography. He still had, yet, to join the group during the martial arts numbers, but he hoped he would be ready soon to give them a try on the live stage. Depending on location and length of the concert, he sometimes did a solo, sometimes not. Today the managers directed Shinwoo to do the solo. Shinwoo usually performed the solo, before Mac joined the group. He had the mellow voice and striking image that the girls ate up. In fact, Shinwoo received the most internet hits, fans, and inquiries, and probably ten times the amount of mail and email than any of the other guys. The fact that he usually appeared sullen and moody only contributed to his popularity with the fans. They seemed to love that dark image he radiated.
Coming back to the dorm after the last Saturday performance, the van occupants were silent. Tired from the very long day with two performances, everyone was either dozing or lost in their own thoughts. Sitting way in the back in a dark corner, made Shinwoo nearly invisible, showing up only as the van passed under street lights. Min-Jun also took the seat in the rear, opposite Shinwoo. Originally, this had been Jung-Ja’s seat, but Min-Jun took it over the day after Jung-Ja’s accident. It was like moving up a rung on the pecking order, a move Min-Jun viewed as totally deserving, considering all the effort he put into G5. The other guys didn’t think he was as talented, but he would show them! When the band broke up at the end of the summer, and he was going to make sure that breakup happened, he would go solo and surpass even that smarmy Shinwoo, sulking over there in the other corner of the back seat.
The new guy was a problem. He was coming up to speed way too quickly and, to top it off, even Min-Jun had to admit Mac was talented. It made Min-Jun angry just thinking about it. Why did the new guy have to be good? If management had only hired a run-of-the-mill replacement for the summer, then it would have been so much easier to break things up. As it was now, Ji Hu, Leo, and even Shinwoo were having second thoughts about breaking up. Min-Jun squeezed his fists into tight balls, thinking about how badly things were going for him. He hated this new guy! Mac, the pretty boy. Mac, the foreigner! That filthy Dog had stolen a spot that should have gone to a Korean. Mac, Mac, Mac! It was all Mac’s fault! The more Min-Jun stewed about it, the angrier he became until his temper exploded. He swung his fist and hit Mac, who sat in the side seat directly ahead of him, on the back of the head.
“Yeow! What was that for?” Mac yelled. He wasn’t sure whether it was Min-Jun or Shinwoo that hit him. It was dark, too dark to tell, but his head had slammed forward and he hit his nose on something hard, maybe the cup holder on the side of the van. Something warm trickle down into his mouth.
“Dog!” Min-Jun yelled and this time rose out of his seat and forcibly slammed Mac’s head against the window. “You stealing Dog!”
“Pull over! Pull over,” yelled the manager in the front seat to the driver.
The van swerved to a stop by the side of the road. The overhead light went on and the manager peered at the back. Blood dripped out of Mac’s nose and onto his white shirt and a red mess smeared the side window of the van. Looking beyond Mac, to the back seat, the manager could see arms and legs waving around. He heard a calm voice.
“The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.” Shinwoo quoted Sun Tzu while sitting on top of a thrashing Min-Jun, holding him down.
“Shinwoo, Min-Jun! Not another move,” the manager shouted.
The other two guys were stunned. The manager jumped out of the van and into the back.
“Here,” he stuffed a wad of tissues into Mac’s face.
He then hauled Min-Jun out from under Shinwoo and outside.
“Don’t you move a millimeter,” he said to Min-Jun on the sidewalk. He quickly gave the driver instructions, then jumped back out and shut the door. The van left the curb, and the rest of the guys saw the manager yelling at Min-Jun with exaggerated arm motions. Min-Jun didn’t appear to be paying attention, at all, though, his chest heaving and his fists, still balled up tightly.
“What was that about?” Ji Hu said to no one in particular and everyone. No one could answer.
Later, after the van made a stop at the hospital to get Mac checked over, the group returned to the dorm. Mac’s nose was swollen and red, but the bleeding had stopped and nothing was broken. They told him at the emergency room that he’d have bruises and probably a headache and wanted to keep him overnight for observation. Mac insisted that he be let go, though. Having spent too much time in a hospital when he was young, Mac hated staying in one, unnecessarily, ever again. The doctors let him go with warnings and something for the pain, but only after several nurses made the excuse to stop by. Mac was a mess, with his makeup still on but smudged on his face along with dried blood, and the front of his white shirt soaked dark red. The nurses didn’t seem to care, though, because surrounding Mac in the curtained-off bed of the emergency room were three of the most beautiful young men they had ever seen. Shinwoo, Ji Hu, and Leo, along with the van driver all crowded around the bed, giving Mac advice on what to do.
“Keep your head back,” one said.
“No, don’t put your head back, let the blood come out,” another one countered.
“Don’t touch your face!” A hand grabbed Mac’s probing fingers and pulled them away from his nose. When a doctor finally pronounced Mac bruised but fine, the nurses were disappointed to see the group leave. They all piled back into the van and were dropped off at the dorm. Min-Jun, apparently had been deposited earlier and was waiting, in the living room with the manager.
“Sorry, Mac,” Min-Jun said, bowing slightly, and left the room.
“I’m sorry, too, Mac,” the manager said. “I don’t know what got into him, and he wouldn’t talk at all on the way home.”
The manager called a cab while they waited on the curb and then continued to chew out Min-Jun all the way to the dorm. Having to threaten Min-Jun to apologize, the manager was still not sure if Min-Jun would really do it, once the rest of the group returned. He was relieved that Min-Jun had at least done that, however short of an apology it was.
The manager inspected Mac and said, “Thank goodness that was the last concert until next Thursday. Keep some ice on that nose. You are not going out until your swelling goes down.”
With that bit of advice, the group members retreated to their respective rooms for the night, Mac nursing his face, Shinwoo, Ji Hu, and Leo still trying to figure out what happened, and Min-Jun stewing behind his closed door. Min-Jun vowed he would get Mac to quit or figure out how to get the group to agree to disband, but he had to be careful about it. He didn’t want to ruin his reputation in the process. Min-Jun needed the public to still adore him if his solo career was going to take off once the group broke up.


Chapter Fifteen: Mac at Four Weeks of His Summer Job

Mac still hadn’t gotten through any performances without throwing up at least once, most times more than once. He just couldn’t take the combination of the hot lights, the stress, and the pounding speakers. It produced such a headache that he had to heave. None of the other guys seemed to have any problems when they first started, but then, again, all of them had worked themselves up gradually to this point. He was thrown into this situation at the peak of the group’s popularity. Last night, he threw up before even making it backstage.
“Shit! Did I just step in something?” someone said.
“Throw a towel over it, please! Someone else is going to slip and fall in that crap.”
“He did it, again. Good job, Lunch Dog!”
“Asshole!” Min-Jun used the fowl language that he’d picked up. “Only two feet more and you would have made it backstage. Good thing the audience can’t see the barf. Beautiful ending to a great performance.”
At least it happened after the last number, and not during the middle of the performance, Mac thought. Why can’t I keep it down? Over a month, now, and I still can’t stop the vomit comet. Mac continued to worry about why he experienced this problem. He pondered it all the way back to the dorm and tried some research on the internet until he could finally sleep.
Haunted by Mallory, she appeared to him in his dreams. Unless he was exhausted and did not dream, Mallory usually came. Over time, he got used to sleeping only a few hours a night so that he did not dream as much. He stayed up very late and then slept about three or four hours. He did this four of five nights in a row, then fell into an exhausted, dreamless sleep. That was how Mac subsisted for years, through his primary and secondary school years, into college, and even now.
It was psychological, Mac knew. Still, he could never psych himself out enough that she stayed away. It didn’t matter what he dreamed, she still appeared, somewhere in his dream. She would be in the background of a crowd, or she would show up in the grocery store. He would see her on the playground, or at a basketball game. She appeared in his dream when he least expected her. If he was driving, she walked on the side of the road, the headlights illuminating her as he passed. While in class, taking a test, she sat in the seat next to him with her head down, completing the same test, or in a restaurant having dinner at the next table. Dreams reoccurred, too, ones that he experienced many times before, always the same. In those, he knew exactly where she would appear and it never wavered. She was in church with him, most often. Mac had been through that dream dozens, maybe hundreds of times by now. Whenever she appeared, reoccurring dream or surprise visit, he always recognized her and it woke him almost instantly. He saw her eyes floating in front of him, pleading with him. He couldn’t get back to sleep for hours afterward. He woke sweating and shaking, sometimes shouting, and sometimes crying.
He always hid it from his parents or anyone else that he knew. Mac never told his mother about Mallory, but his mother knew about his sleeping problems. She took him to several doctors a few years ago. Nothing, not even drugs, helped. He stopped taking any drugs only a few weeks after being put on them. They weren’t helping him and only made matters worse. The sleeping aides made him drowsy and as soon as he started to nod, Mallory appeared. He awoke, instantly, as he always did, but still groggy from the drugs, the cycle started all over again. It was better to just sleep a few hours than to go through that drugged circle of drowsing and waking over and over again, all night long.
“Mac, why aren’t you taking your prescription?”
His mother came out of his bedroom, holding the nearly full bottle of medication he had been prescribed for his sleeping disorder.
“They don’t help.”
Mac wasn’t about to tell his mother about Mallory. What exactly could he say? Hey Mom, I’m haunted by your dead daughter. Mallory likes me so much she won’t leave alone.
“Did they react with your other medication? We can ask the doctor for a different one.”
His mom always worried about his other drugs and if he took them. He had to take the other prescriptions every day for the rest of his life, he had been told, a leftover side affect from his childhood illness.
“No. I…I can’t…” He couldn’t bring up Mallory. It would hurt his mother too much. “I don’t want them. They don’t help me.” He skirted the real reason, again.
His mother smoothed his hair. “All right. If you don’t want to take them I will respect your decision. If you want to go back to the doctor or see a different one, let me know.”
“No. No more doctors. I’m not sick. I don’t want to see another doctor unless I’m dying.”
Mac wanted to take back that last remark when he saw his mother wince. She worried about him and he regretted accidentally bringing up the subject of death. He knew, as soon as he said it, that it brought Mallory into her mind.
“Sorry, Mom. I’m sorry. No more doctors, though.”
He was in church in his dream, again, as he slept in the dorm in Seoul. It was the church of his childhood, St. Mary’s. Long, blond wooden pews bisected the open, stained glass body of the church. He sat in the middle, towards the front. The details from this church were etched into his memory, even though his parents switched to a different one after he had been with them less than a year. On the back of each pew, hooks lined up, meant to hold a man’s hat. Left over, his mother said, from earlier when men wore hats and women wore chapel veils to church. It was respectful for men to remove their hats in church and they used the hooks as a place to hang them. Mac used to play with the hooks during mass and once got his finger pinched in one of them. It hurt, but it hurt more to see the shushing glances from the ladies in front of him when they heard him yelp.
In the center of each pew, book holders for the hymnals stuffed full to overflowing with dog-eared missals. The congregation sang the entrance song. Mac heard the organ playing and knew that if he glanced up behind him, he would see two heads in the choir loft peaking above the railing, the organist and her page-turner. Along the walls of the church, windows with colored glass shone with the sun. Pretty patches of colors reflected on the congregation in pinks, yellows, and greens. Ahead, the altar stood, draped in white cloth.
He started to shake and sweat. This, he knew from the many times he’d had this dream, was where Mallory usually appeared in the pew in front of him. The organ boomed some golden oldie hymn and the elderly ladies sang at the top of their lungs, a little off key. It made his teeth ache. The priest stepped down the aisle proceeded by two altar boys, who were teenagers, not boys. They advanced slowly, step by step down the aisle. Mac’s vision shifted as they passed and he swiveled to face forward. He saw her back first, then she turned. Mac knew this part. It was always the same, but there was nothing he could to do stop it. He couldn’t move. He was stuck staring into those eyes! Standing in the pew in front of him, she wore the pink gown with the ties in the back. Her boney knees stood out under the hem of the gown. She stared at him. The sweat poured off Mac in his dream and dripped onto the hymnal.
He woke still sweating. The bed was soaked and the covers were in tangles on the floor. As many times as he’d dreamed this, Mac still couldn’t understand why it affected him so badly. Shivering, he got up, grabbed something clean to put on and headed to the shower. After a while in the hot shower, he begin to feel better. He padded down the hallway to the studio and opened the door. At three in the morning, the room was full of cracker packages. Who the heck was doing this?


Chapter Sixteen: Mac at Five Weeks of His Summer Job

Today was a killer of a day, with a matinee followed by autographs in the lobby, then another concert at eight that went until eleven at night. Getting better at the concerts, Mac could get through all the numbers without throwing up, now, even though he usually ended up heaving at the end. The stage managers knew to keep something, a bucket, a bowl, a barf bag, in strategic places backstage. Mac could make it all the way back to the dressing room, though, without throwing up. Ji Hu actually slapped him on the back and congratulated him after the last concert.
“Good job, Lunch Dog,” he said, pounding Mac on the back as he heaved in the bucket in the dressing room. “You can make it all the way through, now. It won’t be long before that bucket is a thing of the past.”
At two in the morning quiet reigned in the dorm. The book Mac read slowed down and, still not sleepy enough, he visited the studio. He heard Leo snoring behind his closed bedroom door as he passed. What kind of trash will I find in the studio tonight, he thought. Who knew, but it seemed like more and more junk kept showing up in there. Could he catch the culprit? He wasn’t sure, yet, how, with no place to hide and watch the studio doorway. It was off of a hallway from the living room, and there was no where to hide there, either. The studio, itself, was packed full of instruments, so there was little room for much else.
It must be someone in the dorm. He had narrowed it down to that, ruling out the numerous staff that popped in and out of the dorm at all hours. At least he knew it was a live person, and not Mallory. She was a ghost, and her kind only haunted him in his dreams. He knew it wasn’t Leo because he could hear him snoring well enough. He couldn’t totally rule out any of the other guys, though, but he didn’t think it was Min-Jun. He was too fastidious and garbage would freak him out. So that left Ji Hu and Shinwoo. Mac’s money was on Shinwoo.
Mac softly cracked open his bedroom door, slipped out into the cool of the hallway and headed downstairs. At two in the morning, the dorm got colder. He shivered slightly, wearing his sweat pants and t-shirt, but barefoot. A light in the kitchen pasted a bright square onto the carpet in the living room, so he headed over that way. Shinwoo’s head disappeared in the refrigerator.
“Figure out what you want man, we don’t need the rest of the place freezing, too,” Mac said, goosebumps covering his arms.
Shinwoo jumped three feet in the air. He scowled at Mac, grabbed a drink from the fridge and closed the door. Passing by Mac, he bumped his shoulder on the way out, not saying anything. Mac watched him go back to his room and close the door.
Opening the door to the studio, Mac braced for garbage, but it appeared, upon initial glance, to be clean! He went over to the piano, put on the headphones, and started some tunes. As he listened, he glanced around and froze. Sitting on the top of the keyboard, a perfect chocolate cupcake with icing piled high in a swirl, topped by a large, ripe red raspberry tempted invitingly. Mac looked around kind of expecting someone to be there with him and claim it, but he was alone. He grabbed the cupcake and gobbled it down, licking his fingers and the wrapper. Not garbage this time. What gives?


Chapter Seventeen: Mac Still at Five Weeks of His Summer Job

A few weeks into the job, with the management so confident about Mac lasting the entire summer, they started booking appearances. Everyone had been extremely careful about making sure Mac wore his black eye makeup every time he left the dorm and went out in public as part of the band. The makeup artists were very good at their job, and able to apply the black band to expertly disguise Mac’s eye appearance. His eyelids disappeared into the many shades of black. Even the band members, themselves, sometimes forgot that Mac was not Korean, since he spoke Korean almost as well as any of them, and got better and better with the local slang he picked up from all of his band mates. So far, the disguise that the management devised for Mac worked perfectly and everyone had no doubts that it would continue to work well throughout all of the summer.
The group appeared at hospitals, making the rounds visiting sick children while photographers followed them. Mac hated the hospital visits and was always glad when they were done. They made him very nervous, anxious, and brought back a wealth of bad memories, no matter that Korean hospitals looked different than the children’s hospital where he had spent months and months of time. All hospitals smelled exactly the same to Mac. Luckily, because the band had little spare time, the visits were always timed carefully. The band never spent more than an hour at any appearance.
The visits to the senior centers and schools were much better for Mac. They usually sang a song, then made the rounds to talk with the people.
“Oh, you are too handsome!” The older women said as they fawned all over the G5 young men. “I wish I was twenty, again.”
“Ouch!” Ji Hu said as he got his cheek pinched, yet again.
Shinwoo rubbed his butt, out of sight of the ladies.
“What’s wrong with your rear?” Mac asked.
“Too many old ladies,” Shinwoo said. “They have these cheeks,” he pointed to his face, “confused with these cheeks,” he rubbed his rear end. “I need more fat down here.”
Mac laughed, but found out soon enough what he meant. By the end of the visit, his rear was black and blue from the pinching and sympathized with Shinwoo.
“I looked just like you when I was young,” an older man, face full of wrinkles, said to Mac.
“I bet you did, Grandfather,” Mac said.
He smiled to the old man and called him grandfather because it was polite. Sure he had blue eyes and blond hair, just like me, Mac thought, but kept those thoughts to himself, of course.
They’d listen to stories about the war and how bad things were back then, play checkers or chess, or sometimes sit in on a card game or two. Min-Jun hated the senior centers and usually sulked while the women tried to coax him to eat a sweet treat or drink some juice with them.
With each appearance, all the band members dressed in costume, but only Mac had the black band on his face. Everywhere they went, people noticed that only Mac wore the makeup. The managers did this strategically, as a marketing ploy and to make the most of Mac’s disguise, since it worked so well. Each time they made an appearance, the fans commented on the fan site about Mac’s makeup, wondering why he never appeared without it. It was becoming the most talked about topic on the fan site, bringing in more and more publicity to the band. The commercial they filmed, though, caused a small phenomenon within the country.
The management, for publicity, sometimes booked the band in commercial spots, promoting products that endorsed their clean-cut, masculine image. Before Mac joined the group, they filmed a commercial for bath soap. The same manufacturer asked for a repeat performance promoting their special brand of shampoo.
The guys had three spots to film. The first scene was a documentary of sorts where footage of the band performing was shown, explaining to the viewers what all those stage lights, mixed with the sweat of a performance could do to damage hair. The scene showed them in the locker room showers, shampooing their hair with the product. One by one, the camera filmed each band member as he turned and smiled, Shinwoo, Min-Jun, Leo, Ji Hu, and lastly, Mac. Each one sported a clean face, free of stage makeup, hair full of the lather of the shampoo product. Mac turned with his shampooed head and his makeup was all still perfectly in place, disguising his eyes.
At the second spot, on a beach, the narrator explained what the harsh sun can do to hair and how the shampoo protects each individual strand. The camera panned down the line of guys, lying face up on their beach towels, except for Mac, who lay on his stomach with his face away from the camera. Each young man sat up and smiled at the camera with squeaky clean faces and ran their fingers through their hair or tossed their hair, casually. When Mac’s turn came to sit up, he turned over on the towel, sat up, and smiled, holding the bottle of shampoo, all his stage makeup still in place.
The last spot was with motorcycles. Each guy sat on a motorcycle, acting as if they just finished riding. They got off, or stayed sitting on the bike and took off their helmet, shaking their hair and smiling. The narrator explained how the shampoo helped keep hair in good shape, no matter what the occasion, even crushed under a motorcycle helmet. When Mac, who was last, took off his helmet, of course, he was still in stage makeup.
Mac was the punch line for each scene, the shower, the beach, and the motorcycles. K-Entertainment loved it because it capitalized on their band, and created excitement over their somewhat newer member. The internet buzzed over speculation about exactly who Mac was and why he never revealed his identity. After the commercial aired several times, though, Mac impersonators were seen all over the country. A man in a black mask entered the convenience store and bought ramen, another man was seen with black makeup coming out of a bath house, and another man with black makeup was spotted riding the bus, along with several other sightings of impersonators. None had Mac’s nearly white hair, but it seemed to become a sport to spot a Mac impersonator. Even the local news picked up on it and began to air sightings of Mac impersonators.
The management couldn’t have been happier about the publicity. People came to the K-Entertainment offices just to view the newest member getting in and out of the band’s van. Some fans that habitually lined the sidewalks of the office also sported black bands now, the management noticed. All the better for G5 and for K-Entertainment, they reasoned.
Sunday, five weeks into Mac’s summer, the management scheduled G5 to appear at a hospital. Mac was extremely anxious about it because it was a hospital. Today, though, his anxiety was especially bad. He usually didn’t get worried until they actually entered the hospital, but, for some reason, he’d started feeling rotten from the moment he woke up. He’d already thrown up twice back in the dorm, was sweating in the van, and they hadn’t even reached the hospital. To top it off, the beginnings of a terrible headache pinged his temples, right under the purple glitter. By now he remembered always not to mess up his makeup, but he ached to be able to rub his eyes. Actually, his eyes hurt just as much as his head, he decided. A cup of coffee on the way in the van didn’t help much, either. He still felt terrible. Even Min-Jun, who usually ignored him, commented on his appearance.
“You look ghastly,” Min-Jun said. “Your complexion finally matches your hair, Lunch Dog.” He smirked at Mac.
The trouble was, Mac felt ghastly, too. It was only an hour at the hospital, though, and he’d stick it out. No matter what, he’d live. They’d been to other hospitals by now, and he’d survived all of those, so this one would be no different.
They went up to the cancer ward floor. Oh, God, Mac prayed to himself, not the cancer ward. To top it off, it was the children’s cancer ward. Two reporters and a camera man came along to film the visit for the local evening news. As they walked down the hallway toward the first ward, Mac decided to duck into the restroom. The rest of the group headed down the hallway and waited for him to re-emerge. After a few minutes, Shinwoo volunteered to go see what kept Mac from joining the group. Entering the restroom, Shinwoo heard tell-tale vomiting coming from a stall.
“Mac,” Shinwoo said sarcastically, “is that your breakfast coming back up, or are you really sick? Because if you are sick, you came to the right building.”
Shinwoo didn’t get a reply, only more sick sounds from the stall. He pulled on the door and it swung on the hinges. Inside, Mac sat on the floor, his head over the toilet bowl. He was a yellowish-green and had sweated so much that his hair was soaked where it touched his face and his shirt clung to his body. He looked up at Shinwoo before heaving into the toilet, again.
“Shinwoo,” Mac finally said, after wiping his mouth off on a wad of toilet paper, “I’ve got to get out of here.” He was still sure that it was anxiety that caused his vomiting.
“I don’t think so,” Shinwoo said after feeling Mac’s forehead. He jerked his hand back. “You’re burning up! Stay right where you are. I’ll get help.”
Shinwoo called the manager on his phone and explained the situation. In an instant, it seemed, the restroom filled with medical staff. One bent down to check Mac's vital signs. Mac, though, batted him away, insisting on leaving. He stood in the stall, swaying back and forth, still certain that his anxiety was causing all his problems. If he could only make it back to the van, he’d feel much better. He stepped out of the stall and promptly fell to the floor, eyes rolling to the back of his head.
A few hours later, Mac found himself tucked into a hospital bed in the V.I.P. wing, with a raging case of influenza running through his body. The other band members and K-Entertainment staff had all been inoculated, so no one else was likely to contract the virus. Mac shifted uncomfortably in the bed, aching all over, but unhappy about being in a hospital, period.
The management strictly controlled admission to the room, making sure that confidentiality was in place as to Mac’s identity, the eye makeup and contacts having been removed long ago. What the management hadn’t been able to do was squelch any publicity about the hospitalization of one of the G5 members. Because two reporters and a camera man came earlier to film the G5 appearance at the hospital, they had been in a prime location to broadcast the news to fill their spot. The three G5 members, Min-Jun, Ji Hu, and Leo appeared on a nightly news report, visiting with the sick children in the cancer ward. In the background, the reporter explained the reason for the other missing members and that one of them had been hospitalized, but no further news was available as to which one and why.
Fans flooded the fan site, wondering as to which G5 member, Shinwoo or Mac, had been hospitalized. The speculation ranged from mundane, a sprained ankle, to fantastical, a heart transplant. The management finally put a stop to the buzz by posting a notice. After that, flowers by the hundreds arrived, along with baskets of fruit and goodies, to the hospital, all with the request that they be delivered to Mac.
“God, am I in a funeral home?” Mac asked.
“No. A hospital. You know where you are. You don’t need to ask God,” his mother said.
“With all these flowers stuffing my nose with stink, I was confused,” Mac said.
A hospital attendant came in the room just then with another delivery.
“Will you get all this stuff out of here?” Mac asked the attendant.
“Sure, Mac. What would you like done with it?” the attendant asked.
“I don’t care. Give it to other patients, just get it out of here before I have to puke, again.”
Throwing up after a performance was one thing, but doing it over and over was very tiring, especially since he had nothing to bring up, anymore. Every time he heaved, his stomach muscles hurt. He guessed that was to go along with his headache and the fact that every muscle in his body ached. His eyes hurt from the light, too. He passed the rest of the day miserable. At least the management had contacted his mother and she sat right in his visitor chair, next to the bed. That, was the only comforting thing about being in this hospital, that, and the sunglasses now covering his eyes. It helped to block the light, but it felt ridiculous to wear sunglasses indoors, in bed.
A nurse came in the evening and added something to his iv to help him rest, and help with his vomiting. It did help, somewhat. He hadn’t puked in a couple of hours, but he was certain that it had a sleep aid added in the mix, too. He fought the drowsy feeling. He didn’t want to go through the sleep/wake cycle that he remembered from years ago. After a few hours he was all right. The drug had worked it way through his system, he figured. The only problem was needing to use the toilet. If he rang for a nurse, then he’d probably get drugged, again. Alone in the room, his mother having gone home to sleep a few hours ago, he wasn’t sure he could make it all the way from the bed to the bathroom to use the toilet, but he’d give it a try. He threw the covers off of himself and slipped down off the bed, promptly falling in a puddle on the floor.
I’m a blob of jello, shaking and quivering on the floor! What happened to my muscles? Did those drugs dissolve them to mush, he wondered. He tried using his arms to pull himself back up beside the bed, but all he could do was yank on the sheet. He rested for a few minutes, panting a bit from the effort of trying to stand. He decided if he couldn’t stand, then maybe he could crawl, and he slid forward on the floor a few feet at a time, pulling the iv pole behind him as he went. Halfway to the bathroom, fifteen minutes later, he panted hard with the effort and had to stop and lay down. The tile floor soothed his burning forehead, cool against his face. He thought he rested for only a few minutes, but the clock over by the door indicated otherwise. It was closer to a half hour. He started again, scooting on the floor. He slid nearly to the bathroom when a nurse opened the door into his room.
“Mac! What are you doing out of bed?” She ran over to him and crouched down. “You shouldn’t be out of bed, at all!” She rang the buzzer in his room and talked over the intercom.
“Need to use the toilet,” Mac told her, sweating and panting.
Shortly thereafter, two large orderlies came in, picked Mac up from the floor and put him back on the bed. They helped him take care of his needs, and left, leaving the nurse to scold Mac.
“No getting out of bed. You are too weak, now. You need to let your body rest.”
Mac was embarrassed enough. Next time, he vowed, he’d have to make it to the bathroom quicker. For now, another round of medication threatened to put him to sleep. He yawned while the nurse watched, and closed his eyes. It was hard to fight, this time. He couldn’t open his eyes and found himself drifting off to sleep.
Back in the children’s hospital, lying in his bed, he felt the pain in his stomach and saw the drip of the medication going into the tube in his arm. Drip, drip, drip, the drops fell from the pouch into the tube and flowed down into his arm. His skin showed black and blue around the needle and his vein stood out, blue under his white skin beyond the bruise. The medication burned as it flowed into his arm. He knew soon that he would be sick to his stomach with the medication’s effect. He also knew that if he turned his head to the right, he would see Mallory standing beside his bed. He turned and there she was. She smiled at him and he woke instantly from his dream.
One of the band managers stood beside his bed, not Mallory, confusing Mac, for a minute. He remembered then that he was in a hospital in Seoul.
“Mac! You’re finally awake. We thought you were going to sleep for the next year!” The manager smiled at him. “How are you feeling?”
“Huh? How long?” Mac asked. Mac was sure he slept for only a few minutes, just long enough to dream that Mallory dream, again.
“Oh, let’s see…probably about fifteen hours or so. I guess you needed the rest. Doctors say your fever is way down, too. You’ll be back to normal soon, but it will take a few days to get your strength back.”
The manager was pleased with the prognosis. The sooner his client got well, the sooner the band could get back out there and perform. It presented a dual-edged sword, though. With Mac in the hospital, the publicity for the band soared. Even now, if he looked out the window, he would see at least a hundred fans lining the walkways into the hospital, holding signs of get well for his new star. The fans went for the sympathy angle. A couple more days in the hospital for Mac and that would be great for continued publicity. At his rate of recovery, a few more days were going to be required, anyway. Doctors wouldn’t release Mac today, when he was still sick. Today was Tuesday, so they probably wouldn’t let him out until at least Friday. The fans downstairs were cute, too, and the more cameras on them, the better for K-Entertainment. When Jung-Ja was in the hospital after his accident, the fans outside all wore their hair in a half-ponytail, imitating Jung-Ja’s trademark hairstyle. Now, the fans outside sported the black eye-band that Mac always appeared in and some fans even dyed their hair white to match Mac’s very light, blond hair. The management’s emphasis on keeping Mac’s identity secret and making him always wear the black eye band makeup seemed to work well if the gimmick was being imitated by the fans, now.
Of course, a lot of those fans on the sidewalk weren’t there for Mac. They stood there to catch a glimpse of Shinwoo or one of the other band members that might come to see Mac. The manager knew this, as well, but was just happy to have all the fans there, anyway. No matter whom they came to see, any fan base waiting for them was a very good sign. Still, with Mac’s illness, the concert this weekend was in jeopardy. They might be able to get away doing it with only four band members, if they played hard on the sympathy card and the other four work on their routines to compensate for their missing member. The dance routines could be reworked for one missing member, but the vocals might suffer a bit. There wasn't much time until the concert. They’d discussed that possibility. Five voices was the main reason that they’d hired a replacement for Jung-Ja, in the first place.
“Thirsty?” The manager held a straw in front of Mac’s mouth.
Mac hesitated for a minute, thinking. If I drink, I’m going to need to pee. If I drink, am I going to throw up? Aww…to heck with it…I’m thirsty. He sucked greedily on the straw, downing half the glass of water before the manager stopped him. The cool water refreshed his parched throat. Would it stay down? Mac hoped so.
“Not so fast!” The manager yanked the straw away. “The Doctor said to make you take it easy. I guess you’ll probably be on a liquid diet for a couple of days, anyway.”
“Coffee?” Mac inquired. That was liquid.
“No. Are you, crazy? Just water for now.” The manager frowned at Mac. What was this kid wanting coffee for when he was sick?
Mac sighed. A gulp of coffee right now would be so nice. He guessed he felt a little better if he actually wanted something in his stomach. His body still ached, but the headache was gone. Yes, he must be getting better.
That night, the four other band members came to visit and stayed for a couple of hours. They visited every night after that, keeping Mac company for at least a little while, playing cards, watching videos, but mostly singing. The five of them traded songs the first night, but settled on Mac’s pieces by the second night. These songs, though, were not exactly pop music. Mac called these his soul songs. They were slow, hauntingly beautiful tunes, full of harmonies, and full of meanings. Mac spent a long time explaining each song before they sang it, and also instructing them on how to sing it and where to place the emphasis. The songs helped all five feel relaxed and peaceful, which was why they ended up singing those. By the time they left his room each night, Mac was calm enough to chase away any nightmares. Shinwoo confirmed his decision to abandon his father’s corporation and his family. The music gave Leo renewed courage to go for his dream, and left Ji Hu wanting more music and more out of the group. Min-Jun left with mixed feelings. The camaraderie confused him. The four other guys offered friendship, and seemed to genuinely include him in their band of brothers. He couldn’t understand this fully. The four band members rode back to the dorm, each reaching out to their feelings, while silence reigned in the van.
By Wednesday, Mac had enough of the hospital. He was perfectly fine, now, except very weak, somewhat achy, and a little dizzy when he stood up. They still hadn’t let him eat anything solid, and he yearned for a cup of coffee. He’d had enough of bed. He now reclined in a visitor’s chair, scratching his dirty head. He needed a shower. No more sponge baths. He wanted to go to the bathroom by himself and he wanted to turn the shower on and sit under it for an hour.
“Mom?” He turned to his mother, sitting in the companion visitor chair. “Can you help me get to the shower?”
He hated to ask for help, but he knew if he tried to stand up, and he might be able to stand, now that some of his strength had returned, he’d never make it all the way across the room to the bathroom. He didn’t want either of the orderlies hanging around. It was embarrassing to have them helping him with his bodily functions.
With his mom holding him under the arm on one side, and Mac gripping the iv pole on the other, the two of them managed to shuffle to the bathroom. Mac dropped down onto the toilet seat and sighed, waiting for the black spots to disappear from in front of his eyes. That was hard work getting to the bathroom, but he made it. Never shy around his mother, after all she had seen everything from his age of nine, he let her help him get undressed and into the shower, where he sat on a stool and let the water hit him. Oh, it was so nice!
He remained under the hot water getting more than pruned, singing, as always. He always sang in the shower. By now, his mother didn’t bat an eye. She’d heard the shower songs over and over. His voice wasn’t up to par, but then, he was sick, so he gave himself some slack. He even dozed for a few minutes, under the water spray. It felt much better to be clean. Too bad his shower kept getting interrupted by people peeking in the door. He tried not to notice, but did everyone have to peer at his naked body all the time?
“Mac? Are you ready to come out, now?” One of the two orderlies popped his head into the bathroom. That was the third time someone asked if he was ready to get out of the shower.
“OK.” Mac figured he was probably done, anyway.
The orderly helped him dry off and get back into his hospital pajamas, a clean pair this time, and hook up his iv. Firm arms gripped him under the armpits and they shuffled back to the bed where he was tucked under the covers. As soon as the orderly left the room, Mac slowly got back out of bed and sat in the visitor chair. He’d definitely had enough of bed for a while. He was settling down in the chair when one of the managers walked in with the hair stylist.
“Hi Mac! Say, you’re up out of bed!” The manager beamed at this good sign. “Your band mates are visiting in a few minutes, so we want to get you on camera with them. I guess we don’t need the makeup, since those sunglasses are dark enough, but your hair needs serious work.”
Mac still wore the wrap-around sunglasses to protect his sensitive eyes. He reached up and touched his head. His mop head alien crept back sometime between Sunday and now. He guessed the shower didn’t help matters, either. He hadn’t combed his hair at all since Sunday, including after getting out of the shower. Who combed their hair when they were sick, anyway?
Later, as he watched the local nightly news, he noticed a short stint showed the band members entering the hospital and surrounding him in his bedside chair, smiling and wishing him well.
“Hey! Look, I’m on TV,” Mac said, surprised to see himself on camera. “Shit! I look like vomit warmed over.”
His mother laughed. “What did you expect? You’re sick.”
“I’m a vampire! Look how dark my lips are against my skin. Do I really look like that?” he said.
Well, he guessed the bright red splotches on either cheek probably spoiled the vampire look. All the girls would be disappointed to know that he wasn’t a vampire. He chuckled some more, but stopped in mid-laugh. The camera crew visited other rooms in the hospital.
A group of small children, all in hospital pajamas waved teddy bears at the camera and blew kisses saying, “Thank you, Oppa Mac!”
An old grandmother, toothless, held up a fruit basket saying, “Thank you!” over and over again. A middle-aged man smiled into the camera. “It’s our wedding anniversary and my wife has been in the hospital. I didn’t want to leave her side, let alone go out and get a gift. He held up a large bouquet of flowers. Thank you, Mac. This is going to save me!”
He walked into his wife’s room with a big smile on his face and wished her happy anniversary. She cried. The news announcer said scenes like those all over the hospital occurred when Mac from G5 gave all his flowers and gifts to those in need.
Mac was shocked. “All I wanted to do was get those stinky things out of my room.” 
“Looks like you made a lot of people happy with the gifts, Dan,” Mother said.
“I guess I better sign on to the fan site and tell them all thanks. Without them I couldn’t pay it forward, even if by accident,” Mac said.
The cameras stopped outside the hospital, now, on the news, interviewing a few fans.
“There are fans outside the hospital? For me?” Mac said.
“Don’t get a big head about it,” his mother said.
“Yeah, right, sure thing. This is only my summer job. When I go at the end of August, those people down there will just have to worship my memory.” The sarcasm dripped off of Mac as he joked with his mother, pouting his lip and frowning.
“All right, wise guy.” She smiled back at him and looked up at the door as it opened. “Here’s your dinner. I want to see you eat everything on that tray this time.”
With his dinner tray delivered and placed in front of him, he frowned. “Ugh. Can’t I have anything decent to eat?”
A carton of milk, a container of juice, a bowl of clear broth, and a wedge of jello greeted him. Nothing solid. He scowled as he inspected it, then sighed.
“Can’t I even eat some rice, maybe? I am going to be swimming soon, what with all the liquids they keep forcing down me. I think my kidneys are already working overtime,” he said.
“No solids today, maybe tomorrow. Eat,” she said. “If you manage to keep everything down, they might release you when your fever disappears. The doctor said you need to get some strength back, so you need to finish everything. Got it, Mister?”
“You mean drink, not eat. Oh, could I use a good cup of coffee and a triple deluxe hamburger.”
Mac sighed some more. Even a piece of fruit, like a banana, would have been better to see on his tray. He picked up the jello. It was the closest thing to a solid. He slurped it down in one gulp. Dessert first was not so bad. Back home, in the States, he wouldn’t be imprisoned in the hospital, at all. They would have sent him home by now to recover. Too bad he wasn’t at home, now. He’d be in his own bed, drinking his own coffee. He fantasized about the coffee, his mouth watering for a good roast, black, maybe with an undertone of honey and almonds. Oh, that would be so good right now. He pictured the dark liquid in a cup in his hand. He sighed heavily, then picked up the carton of milk. He drank it trying to pretend it was a very weak latte, but it just wasn’t the same. He skipped the juice and finished off the broth. He hated both, but managed the latter. This time, everything stayed down, too.
That evening, after the guys left and he busily updated the fan site, one of the nurses walked in with the evening drugs.
“There’s no sedative in that stuff this time, is there?”
The nurse got ready to shoot something into his iv, just like the previous nights.
“There’s some medicine for your muscle aches, your stomach, and to help you relax, Mac. You need rest. Can I put that computer over on the table?”
“Don’t. I don’t want any sedatives. If you give me any now, I swear, I’ll rip this out.”
“Now, Mac. This is doctor’s orders. You need to rest,” the nurse said.
“Not with the sedatives. I’ll have none of that.”
Mac took a hold of the tape securing the needle for his iv and started to pull on it. He wanted no sedatives. He didn’t want to go through what he’d been through the last time, scared that the sedatives might bring on the sleep/wake cycles that he experienced years ago, and a visit from Mallory. The nurse left, but returned soon enough with a doctor.
“Mac, you need the rest. Don't you want to get better as soon as possible? You want to get out of here, right? You need the medicine and the rest,” the doctor told him.
“No sedatives. I’ll rest, but on my own, not with drugs,” Mac said.
After more back and forth, the doctor finally agreed to remix the medication with no sedative. Relieved, Mac stayed up very late, as he usually did, and worked on his tablet at a few compositions playing around in his head, watched a couple of K-drama episodes, trolled the fan site and finally decided to sleep a bit, crashing around three in the morning.
No dreams. He awoke a few hours later with the breakfast tray arrival. More liquids, he saw, but what was this, porridge? He eagerly spooned down the gruel, the closest thing to a solid on his tray in a few days. The nurse came in, took his vitals and smiled. He was back to normal temperature. That was good. He could get out of this place, now. It was Thursday, already. He’d been in this place nearly a week. He drank the rest of his breakfast then shuffled slowly to the bathroom, by himself, this time. He might be getting stronger, but it took a bit of effort and a long time to get back and forth by himself. The doctor arrived and Mac asked if he could be discharged and sent home.
“Well, you’re still weak,” the doctor frowned. “I’d like to keep you a couple more days for a good recovery and to get more of your strength back. We’ll get you on more solid food, too. I bet you are getting sick of broth, by now, hmm?”
“How about tomorrow, then. If I get solid food today, can I get out of here on Friday?” Mac was anxious to get out of the hospital. Not exactly like long ago, it still smelled like hospital and that was a problem for him.
“How about if we see how you do today. We’ll check on things tonight and if everything goes well today, then you can leave tomorrow.”
The doctor was firm with that. He’d have to spend another day in the hospital.
Mac sighed. “All right, then. Can I leave my room and get some fresh air, maybe?”
A few hours later, safely deposited in a wheelchair, sunglasses on his face, his mother pushed him to the elevator and to the terrace on the top floor of the hospital. A few other patients lounged up there, in the sun. It was wonderful to get out of the room. The sun was warm, actually hot. He’d forgotten how hot it was lately. It seemed ages ago that he had been outside. His mother wheeled him over under a covering in the shade and told him she’d be right back. She needed to use the restroom. She plopped a package in his lap as she left. Cookies! He tore open the wrapping and devoured the whole package of six in about as many seconds. Afterward, he sat and looked at the sky for a few minutes and his thoughts gravitated towards Mallory. He remembered how they watched the sky out in the courtyard at the children’s hospital. They tried to guess the shapes of the clouds, calling out different animals and such. He inspected one cloud, in particular, trying to decide if it was a cat or a rabbit. Someone touched his shoulder and he jumped.
“Excuse me.” A girl on crutches with a cast on her leg stood next to him. “I didn’t mean to startle you. Are you Mac from G5?”
Mac nodded, wondering how people recognized him so quickly.
“I would love it if you would sign my cast.” She held out a bright purple marker to him. Mac hadn’t signed many autographs outside of concerts, yet, so this experience was fairly new to him.
He took the marker and, still with Mallory in his mind, signed, “Stay strong. Love, Mac G5” on her cast. She gushed over it and thanked him over and over. He and Mallory always wished that to each other whenever they said their goodbyes for the day and returned to their respective beds. Actually, they said, staring into each other’s eyes, “keep me strong,” as if each of them could help the other stay strong for the coming night and until they saw each other again.
Soon, a crowd formed around Mac’s wheelchair with other patients desiring autographs and wanting to see the pop star. Mac didn’t want to tell them no, but he was getting tired. It was also a bit disconcerting to have all these people wanting to be close to him, take pictures with him, and get his autograph. Some kept touching him, as well, as if he had magic and some would rub off onto them. He wasn’t used to fans, outside of concerts. When they signed autographs after a concert, security tightly controlled everything. While they stood in the lobby, guards were conspicuous and prominent and if anyone or anything got out of hand, they stepped in immediately.
 Mac glanced up every few minutes, hoping to see his mother coming back. He couldn’t imagine what was keeping her. He couldn’t move himself well, either. Stuck for the moment, he didn’t like feeling helpless. A young woman pushed through the people surrounding his wheelchair.
She leaned down and whispered in his ear, “Don’t worry. Your mother, Hye Ji, is fine, but needs a bit longer. She asked me to get you back to your room.”
She told the others around him that Mac was tired and needed to leave. Mac had no choice but to trust her good intentions, since he had never seen her before. She could be a crazy fan, for all he knew, but she did know his mother’s name. Since she controlled his wheelchair, the fans backed off and let her push him to the elevator and down to his room. His mother walked in seconds behind them.
“Thanks, Doo Ri,” his mother said to the young woman.
“It was my pleasure, Hye Ji,” she said. She turned to Mac. “My grandmother is in the room next door to you. Your mother and I have become acquainted over the last couple of days. I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed the singing in this room. The music each evening is so beautiful. You and your friends should record the music and let others hear it or form a band or something. You all are quite good.”
Sincere in her comments, Mac realized she had no idea that they already were a band. She knew nothing about G5 and it was refreshing after being surrounded up on the terrace by fans.
She blushed and continued. “The songs are so comforting to me and my grandmother. She also enjoys them, very much.”
“Uh, no problem. Glad you enjoyed my music.” Mac didn’t know what to say to this pretty, young woman. “Please, if you want, feel free to come join us.”
“Oh! I don’t think I can do that. Besides, I can’t leave my grandmother. I want to be able to spend as much time as possible with her, while I’m here,” the young woman answered. “Thanks, again, for your beautiful music. I wish you good health and that you get well as soon as possible.”
With that, she left the room and Mac and his mother settled back down in their chairs.
“Who was that?” Mac asked his mother.
“Her grandmother is recovering from a stroke in the room next door. She comes every afternoon, after she finishes her work, to be with her grandmother. She’s an artist and she’s trying to follow in the footsteps of her grandmother. She feels she owes a lot to her grandmother for inspiring her in her career.” His mother continued, “She’s pretty, don’t you think?”
“Yes. I suppose. Are you trying to set me up or something?” Mac said.
“No. I wouldn’t presume to do that. I was just commenting,” his mother said. “Funny that she didn’t know you are already in a band, though. I haven’t told her. We’re not supposed to say anything. What do you and your friends sing at night? You must sing something totally different from your group’s pop music.”
“We sing my soul songs, you know?” Mac said.
She did know those songs, having heard many of them from time to time, over the years.
“They like them a lot, and it makes me feel good to sing them. I think it is the same for them, too. You should hear how nice they sound with five-part harmony. It is amazing!”
“Well, if you can help your friends to feel good about themselves, so much the better. By the sounds of it, though, no pun intended, you’re making others feel good, too. You should be proud that your music has that effect.”
“Uh huh,” he agreed. “Thanks for the cookies, by the way. I needed something solid in my stomach. It has been growling, non-stop for a while, now.”
He rubbed his stomach in a pleading manner, suggesting that he needed more solid food.
“Now don’t give me that look, young man. You’ll eat what you are told. The doctors know best. I only gave you those because I couldn’t stand you ogling the vending machines any longer. Before I know it, you’ll have bribed the nurses to bring you tteokbokki, or something equally bad for you, that is sold out on the street downstairs.”
“They have street vendors downstairs?” Mac looked like he was going to start drooling. The snack food, a soft rice and fish cake with sweet chili sauce, tteokbokki was nearly as popular as french fries in the States. A cup of those would be so good, right now, Mac thought.
“Oh, what a good idea to bribe someone! Can I have some money?”
With a curt shake of her head, his mother sat down, picked up her book and ignored the sounds coming from her son’s stomach.
By the end of the day, he finally wrangled permission to go home and recover. The management wanted to squeeze as much publicity out of his departure from the hospital as possible, so they let the fans know exactly when he’d be released. Two managers arrived on Friday morning, along with the hair stylist. They parked him in a wheelchair, let him wear a hoodie over his hospital pajamas and put a blanket on his legs that went down to his slippers. Wheeling him out, Mac requested they stop at the desk for the ward. He thanked the staff there for all their help, gave them an envelope with a name on it and asked that they deliver it, if they could. After signing some shyly requested autographs he was escorted to the elevators, down to the ground level, and out the front doors. At least a hundred girls screamed as soon as his wheelchair came through the door and waved signs for G5. More than a few sported black bands across their eyes, too, Mac noticed, surprised. He tried to shrink into his wheelchair, thinking of the terrace fans, but remembered the instructions from the manager. He smiled behind his sunglasses, under his hood, and waved weakly, which made them scream all the more.
The van waited right in front, so they only had to wheel him a few feet to the curb. The wheelchair stopped and Mac tried to get up out of it by himself but couldn’t quite make it up into the door. Arms helped him up and into the van and over to his seat. The managers arranged the blanket over his lap and closed the doors on the screaming fans, but not before letting them all get a good view of Mac in his seat.
“Stop at the nearest coffee place, please? I don’t care where,” Mac asked the driver as soon as the van pulled away from the curb.
He planned for this. He would get his coffee, no matter what. He didn’t care, either, if it was a bad blend. Any coffee, at this point, would be heaven.
“Aw, Mac,” the manager next to him said. “The doctor said to take it easy until you are fully recovered. I don’t think coffee is part of a bland diet.”
“Please,” Mac said. “I’ve gone for five days without coffee. I nearly died in that hospital.”
There was silence in the car, then he realized what he just said and everyone laughed.
“Please,” Mac said, again.
A few minutes later, with a hot coffee warming his hand and his stomach, the van started back on the road to the dorm. The managers decided, for safety sake, and to keep Mac’s identity under wraps, that it wouldn’t be good to see him dropped off at his aunt’s address in the company van. He would do his recovery at the dorm, under the watchful eyes of a few of the staff and his relatives could visit him or stay there.
“Is there a concert tomorrow?” Mac asked.
“Yes, but you aren’t in it, obviously,” the manager explained. “They’ve reworked the vocals and choreography to back it down to four voices. It isn’t perfect, but it should work out. The group is practicing, now. We’ll get you back to the dorm, though, and into bed.”
“No bed. I’ve had enough bed to last a while. I can’t lay in bed any more, right now. Can I get changed and have someone take me to the office? I may not be able to practice, but I can watch.”
Mac didn’t want to spend any more time laying around. After arguing back and forth about it, they finally agreed that he could go to the office for a short time, and only if he spent that time in the wheelchair. Mac was elated.
Assisted out of the van when it arrived at the dorm, and up to his room, he needed help to change into work clothes. Those clothes that fit tightly only five days ago now hung on him. One of the staff exclaimed at the sight and Mac used it to his advantage, getting them to help him to the kitchen. He opened the refrigerator and slowly pulled out every container in there. He sat at the kitchen table and ate, one by one, from the dishes while the staff protested. He smiled as he ate leftover barbequed chicken, mandu, rice balls, and even a bit of sushi, although he sniffed at the latter before downing it. He insisted one of the staff make a large pot of coffee and he drank three cups, in his oversized mug, with the food. “Ah! Food! Finally!” he thought, as he ate. After being on a liquid diet and bland food for the last few days, the tastes exploded in his mouth. Satiated, he leaned back and sighed in contentment.
“OK, let’s go to the office,” he said to the staff.
They helped him back into the van and, at the office, into a waiting wheelchair while all the teens screamed excitedly. Once inside, he was escorted to the practice room where the other four guys were partway through one of the songs. The minute he came into the room, the music stopped and everyone started talking.
“Mac! Hey, Mac! You escaped!” Leo and Ji Hu pounded him on the back. “We thought you were never getting out of that place!”
Mac spent the rest of the day watching practice, and even playing the piano for the guys, and napping occasionally, while they modified the numbers. He wished he was well enough to perform in the concert the next day. He was letting down his band mates, but he’d never make it through any of the dance numbers. He could hardly stand up by himself, as it was. There was nothing wrong with his voice, though. Yes, to his ears he didn’t sound 100% back to normal, but he could still sing.
The managers and staff that stopped by during the day noticed, as well. Yes, he could, indeed, still sing and they discussed a possible scenario for the concert. Perhaps there was something they could do. Towards the end of the day, the vocal manager sat down with Mac at the piano and asked if he could do a solo or duet number with one of the other guys at the concert. If he did a solo, he could stay seated at the piano and sing, or sit on a stool with a stationary microphone. Certain he could do the solo, Mac’s only problem, one that he didn’t know how to get around, was that he needed help on and off stage. He couldn’t walk that far on his own, yet, without shuffling slowly, and that wouldn’t appear good to the fans. It was a letdown to admit this failing, but it was the truth. He also didn’t want to use the wheelchair.
With some ideas batted back and forth, the managers discussed them with Mac and the guys, practicing the one they settled on, to make sure everything went smoothly. The next night, during the concert, before the first number started, when all the guys introduced themselves, Shinwoo said more than just his usual introduction.
“Tonight, we are down one man. I’m sure you’ve all heard that Mac was hospitalized this past week. While he is getting better, he still needs rest. Please bear with us, then, as we dedicate this performance to our friend and wish him good health.”
The crowd all clapped and shouted, agreeing with Shinwoo, then the four guys did their first number and went right into the second, as always, only one man short this time. The third number was the solo number. The crowd watched a grand piano wheeled onto the stage and the bench placed in front of the keyboard.
“You sure you’re OK with this, Mac?” Shinwoo asked.
Mac, in full makeup now, nodded.
“All right, then. Let’s do it,” Shinwoo said.
 From backstage, Shinwoo held Mac’s arm and escorted him, slowly, to the piano seat then retreated to the wings. The crowd went wild, giving Mac a standing ovation as he walked to the bench with Shinwoo. Wearing a costume that had been refitted, at the last minute, so it didn’t sag on him, Mac sat down at the piano.
“Thank you for all your support and good wishes. Thanks for keeping me strong,” Mac said to the audience. Screams and cheers erupted and Mac started his music as they yelled. With the piano playing, the audience calmed down quickly to listen. Of course, he didn’t play Mallory’s song. With agreement that he didn’t have to play that one, again, he chose another slow song that emphasized the piano with a couple long keyboard interludes. Chosen on purpose, it would not tax his vocals too much. He played and sang and ended with the piano finishing the solo.
The audience assumed he would be escorted off the stage after his number, but the four other guys walked out to him. Ji Hu sat with him on the bench, and the other three crowded around the piano. Mac started in on another song, one of his soul songs that they sang in the hospital. Full of five-part harmony, it emphasized life’s choices and paths. A soul song, as Mac intended, meant one must put heart and soul into singing it, feeling the music and words from the depths of the soul. Quite unlike any of the pop tunes that they usually sang, the song challenged each singer. Pitch and timing needed to be perfect, and when it was, the song was magical. The five sang, letting their voices soar through concert arena and then die, with the last note, filling the place with silence.
The audience exploded, giving them all a standing ovation. The five stood and bowed, then Ji Hu grabbed Mac’s arm and slowly helped him off stage while the piano rolled in the opposite direction. Once backstage, Mac sank into the wheelchair, grateful for the opportunity to sing and contribute to the concert, but exhausted from the effort. The four other guys ran past him, patting him on the head, shoulders, and arms, as they returned to the stage for their martial arts numbers.
“Good job, Mac! It was great! You made it through!”
They all wished him well, and he watched the rest of the show from the wings. At the very end, during their final bow, Shinwoo turned to see Mac sitting in his chair observing them. Impulsively, Shinwoo ran back, grabbed the chair and wheeled it out on stage in line with the other four, where Mac bowed, did the “v” signs, and then the fighting fist pump with the others, just like they always ended their numbers. The crowd was on their feet, again, screaming with delight.
Later, back at the dorm, Mac managed to get himself into the living room, shuffling slowly. He collapsed on the sofa, laying the length of it. He could hear the guys scrounging in the kitchen and a cup of coffee right now would be nice, he decided. However, he needed to wait a few minutes until he could make it across the room and into the kitchen.
“Hey! Who ate all my rice balls?” Leo shouted from the kitchen. “My mother made those special for me!”
“Wait a minute! My leftover chicken is missing!” Ji Hu shouted.
“Where’s my sushi?” Min-Jun said.
“My mandu are all gone!” Shinwoo said. “I was saving those dumplings for tonight! This is all just too coincidental. All our leftovers are missing. Look! The containers are there in the trashcan.” He looked around at the other three guys in the kitchen. “There can only be one explanation to this. There was only one other person with the nerve and the appetite to eat all our leftovers.”
Shinwoo stared into the living room at Mac lying on the sofa. Mac smiled and waved before he was hit with sofa pillows by his four hungry room mates.
“Aw crap!” Leo said. “Let’s leave Lunch Dog and go out for chi-mec. There’s plenty of places still open this late.”
And with that, the four left Mac lying on the sofa and went for chicken and beer.


Chapter Eighteen: Me at Five Weeks of My Summer Vacation

I was discussing tour plans with Hye Soon mid-morning on Monday. We were trying to decide whether to fit in a weekend at the beach or stay home and do something in the area. Hye Soon wanted the beach, but I preferred to stay in Seoul to be close to Dan, in case he needed anything or was free for a few hours. We still had much to see in Seoul and I didn’t want him to miss out on those sites. Still, Hye Soon and I could use the time to ourselves, or maybe bring the twins along and have a nice holiday together. It was tempting, either way. We argued the pros and cons when my phone interrupted. I saw it was one of the K-Entertainment managers.
I jumped up and grabbed my coat as soon as I finished the call.
“Dan’s sick in the hospital,” I said to Hye Soon. “They need me to come right away. They want to run some tests.”
“Oh my God! Wait, I’ll get my purse and come with you.”
Hye Soon grabbed the car keys and we rushed to the hospital. It was good that Hye Soon drove. I don’t think I could have found my way to the hospital. My attention was not on the roads and traffic which had changed over the last thirty years. All I could do was worry about Dan. Was his cancer back? Is that why he fell ill?
We flew into the hospital and up to the V.I.P. wing where we found my son, stripped to his shorts and soaked with sweat. With a dangerously high fever, every few minutes he convulsed, shaking the stretcher while staff held him down. He wasn’t conscious enough to recognize anyone or anything. It was scary. In between the convulsions, he turned onto his side and threw up. I gave permission to have them run the tests and they got on with them while I held his hand. I doubted that he knew I was even there, though.
Later, much later, watching him in his hospital bed, it was like it years before, in the cancer ward. I held his hand and stroked his arm while he slept, more to reassure me than to comfort him. He had a bad case of the flu. Thank goodness it wasn’t the cancer returning, but people die from the flu and it was bad enough that he needed to stay in the hospital. Everyone in the family had to be inoculated, and we all had been, by now. The twins protested violently. They hated shots, but over quickly, Hye Soon gave them rewards of ice cream for their pains. Sweat still poured down Dan’s face as he lay in the hospital bed. I took a towel and wiped the beads of perspiration off of his brow. He shifted uncomfortably, opened his eyes and smiled. The smile quickly turned to panic.
“Gonna barf! Get something,” he said. I thrust a bowl under his chin, but he had thrown up so much, already, nothing came up. He continued like this for the next few hours, dry heaving every fifteen minutes or so, sweating and shaking. One minute boiling hot, the next he froze, and he said every bone in his body ached, but his head ached the most, and his eyes hurt. He seemed miserable for the rest of the day. He also didn’t like it that more and more deliveries of flowers, baskets of fruit and other goodies kept arriving and filling up his room. He seemed to finally have had enough and after one particularly bad heave, he lay back down on the pillow gasping, ran his hand through his hair and frowned at one of the staff that came in the room.
“Can you get all these flowers and stuff out of the room? I can’t breathe with all this stink,” he said.
The staff member said they could be removed and asked what he would like done with them.
“I don’t know…give them away. There must be several other rooms in this hospital with people that don’t get any flowers and junk. Give them to the people that need it. Tell them I hope they get better soon. I don’t need it. It’s making me puke. The same goes for anything else. Don’t bring it in here. Give it to someone that actually wants it or needs it.”
Dan wanted all those flowers removed as soon as possible. The staff took the next half hour to take out everything and Dan was relieved. What he didn’t know was that the whole hospital seemed to be decorated with his flowers. Arrangements appeared in lobbies, on desks, and in rooms of sick patients. Children received stuffed animals. New mothers and older grandmothers received baskets of fruit. Whenever a new delivery arrived, it was immediately dispatched to another room to help brighten that patient’s day, compliments of Mac. None of the other V.I.P. patients had ever done anything so generous, per the hospital staff. However, it wasn’t generosity that prompted Dan, I knew. He just wanted the “stinky” flowers out of his room.
I spent the next few days with him, arriving early in the morning and leaving after they served dinner at night. When the young men from his band arrived in the evening, I took my leave. Every so often, while Dan catnapped, I left the room to get some fresh air and ended up bumping into a young lady visiting her grandmother in the room next door. She was a sweet, young woman and we chatted about our patients. I told her my son was in with the flu and she said her grandmother was recovering from a small stroke. We spent some time up on the terrace together while our respective patients slept.
“My grandmother taught me so much. I owe everything to her. I only hope I can be half as good as she. With the stroke, though, it is going to take her a while to recover. She promised me that she will teach me as much as she can, but it will be hard for her.”
Doo Ri opened up to me and I felt that she needed to talk, as well, so I let her go on as long as she wanted. With warm sun on the terrace, and cool shade to sit in, it was pleasant after Dan’s dark, stuffy, sick-smelling room. No offense to my son, but I had more than a lifetime of hospitals years ago.
“What is it that you do? I know you are an artist, like your grandmother, but what kind of artist?” I asked some questions, prompting more conversation.
“I play the gayageum. It is a traditional Korean instrument, very ancient,” Doo Ri instructed me. “I received lessons from Grandmother since I was five. She would like me to continue with this profession and I hope, one day, to become as recognized as she has been.”
I knew all about the gayageum from my past, being raised in South Korea. I even took a few lessons when I was younger, per the insistence of my father. Dan also told me that a couple of their martial arts numbers incorporated this instrument and other ancient instruments. He thought that was neat. It sounded interesting that his band wove in historical aspects to their performances and, as a result, appealed to more than just teenyboppers, although the K-pop was, by far, the most popular music. One of these days, before the summer ended, I would get to a performance to see my son in action, I vowed.
We got to know each other a little bit more, Doo Ri and I, with our occasional visits. So much so, in fact, that when Dan itched to get out of the room, I decided to take him up to the terrace for some fresh air. I let Doo Ri know we were headed up while Dan and I waited for a wheelchair to arrive in his room. Up on the terrace, I chose to take advantage of the outing and surprise Dan. Only allowed fluids and no solid food, I couldn’t stand his whining any longer. He also looked to me like he was starving. So what if he threw up something solid? I had hit those vending machines at the entrance to the terrace, already. I dropped cookies onto Dan’s lap and watched them disappear instantly. Perhaps I should have chosen something more nutritious, an energy bar, or an apple, but I wanted him to have a treat. Cookies were always welcome to him. He loved them, any flavor, any kind. It was a bond he shared with his grandfather, that and a fondness for ice cream. Too bad the vending machines didn’t dispense frozen treats.
A wicked grin of delight materialized on Dan’s face, knowing he was deliberately going against the advice of his doctor. It was hard not to smile along with him, but I let him know, with a stern face, that it was only just this once that I was bending the rules. Doo Ri headed up a few minutes after us and I caught her as she exited out onto the terrace.
“Doo Ri!” I waved at her. “Say, I’m going to check out the vending machines, again, and use the restroom up here. Can you keep an eye on my son for me? If it seems like he’s getting too tired before I return, will you get him back down to his room? I shouldn’t be too long, though.”
“No problem, Hye Ji. Which one is he?” Doo Ri asked.
I pointed out Dan to her. He sat in a patch of shade, his face turned upward at the sky. In his hospital pajamas, he slouched down in the wheelchair, soaking up the fresh air. To me, he looked small and venerable and immediately memories flooded me of his stay in the hospital when he had cancer. My eyes started to fill with tears thinking of him as a small boy, and then of my daughter.
“He’s the one with the wild hair and wrap-around sunglasses. His eyes are very sensitive to light, now, so the doctor told him to keep them on at all times. Looks like they came in handy up here on the terrace, anyway. It is such a bright, lovely day, a bit hot, but lovely.”
I pointed him out to her. Someone on crutches approached close to his wheelchair, but I didn’t think much of it. I needed to get away before Doo Ri saw me cry. Too many memories of the hospital were circulating in my brain, now. Memories of two little bald heads, Mallory and Dan, watching the clouds, just like Dan was now, made it painful for me.
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure he’s fine,” Doo Ri said.
She waved me off as she exited the doors and went up onto the terrace. She had no idea about Dan’s secret identity but was determined to help him, if he needed it.
I later learned from her that as she watched, up on the terrace, more and more people surrounded Dan’s wheelchair, crowding close. Doo Ri caught a glimpse of Dan. Every so often, he swiveled his head around, searching for someone. She finally realized that it was probably his mother that he wanted, and moved in to help him. She had to push her way through the people, but managed, all the same, to get him off of the terrace and back to his room. I was only gone for a few minutes, and thanked her profusely. I hadn’t considered the sunglasses. He did need them, but because they wrapped around his face, they looked just like the black eye band that he wore for his costume. Probably Dan’s first real encounter with fans, outside of his concerts, thank goodness it was only a relatively small number of people that occupied the terrace, and not hoards.
Each day Dan got significantly better. He disliked the hospital stay, and hated that fact that he was too weak to get around much. He sat up in bed, now, and sometimes in the visitor’s chair, next to the bed. It was a comfy recliner and he lay back in it, with his feet up, while he worked on his computer or listened to his iPod. On Wednesday, sitting in the chair, he scratched his head vigorously, tossed down his computer tablet and asked me to help him to the bathroom so he could take a shower. It was a long walk to the bathroom for him. He hung his arm around my shoulder and gripped his iv pole in the other hand. We stopped every few steps for him to catch his breath. In the bathroom, I helped him get unhooked from his iv and out of his pajamas. He sat on a stool in the shower, under the water for at least an hour, I think. I checked on him a couple of times just to make sure he was fine. After the second time, I got a nasty glare from him and left him alone. I knew he was all right when I heard the singing coming from the shower. He has a good voice, naturally, but when he sings in the shower, it is amplified with the echoing walls and I was sure his singing could be heard outside the room, too. It sounded like he was happier than he had been. If he could sing in the shower, that meant he was getting better. I was also sure he was happier knowing he had made it to the shower. He disliked the sponge baths in bed, squirming as they washed him, but hated to be unclean. It was much better, probably, to get to the shower and have his hair washed. He came out, walking slowly, assisted by an orderly. His hair now clean, went every which way. Oh well, that was my son’s hair, all right, a mop head of thick tangles.
By Friday Mac climbed the walls, so-to-speak. A lot more strength returned, and he now ate solid food, but porridge wasn’t exactly his idea of solid food. They told him, yesterday, that after breakfast, he could be discharged. He needed to watch his diet and add foods slowly back to his system. I discussed with the management where his recovery would take place. They insisted that he be transported back to the dorm. They also had some publicity they wanted to do as Dan left the hospital. Dan understood and agreed to the plan, so I didn’t argue, but I much would have preferred taking him back to my sister’s. I could still go see him at the dorm, and make sure he was recovering well and watched as he was wheeled down the hallway and out of the hospital by a manager.


Chapter Nineteen: Doo Ri at Five Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

When Doo Ri first heard the singing coming from the hospital room next door, she assumed that someone had turned up the television too much, but as she listened, she realized that the singing was not coming from a TV. There were various songs that were sung. Some she recognized from pop tunes on the radio, but most were ones she had never heard. A few sounded exceptionally beautiful, full of harmonies, voices rising and falling, stepping in and out. She couldn’t quite make out the words, but the sounds were haunting. Her grandmother noticed, as well, and commented on the beautiful music, wondering which channel the concert was on. They both smiled and listened, pleased to be hearing something that special.
The next day, she heard singing in the afternoon, as she arrived to visit and spend the evening with her grandmother. It went on for about half an hour, interrupted every so often, then abruptly stopping. She’d hear someone say something, then after a few minutes, the singing started, again, the song, this time, happy, light, and pleasant. The voice sang strong and full, carrying the tune without hesitation and perfectly in pitch. While she didn’t know the piece, she recognized that it was not in Korean. It was in English, and good English, at that. She knew English, having studied it in school, and could recognize when someone spoke it well. Her English teacher made her practice the “th” sound over and over, but it was too hard to get her tongue to make that special sound. This singer had no trouble. All her hard to pronounce words in English came out perfectly in his music, whomever it was, and what beautiful music it was, too.
Every day after that, she anticipated two concerts, one in the afternoon by the individual singer, and one in the evening by more voices. All the music came from the room next door, she came to realize. And, the afternoon concert was probably Hye Ji’s son. As she got to know Hye Ji, she found out that her son was in the hospital and that the singing happened when he took a shower. Hye Ji said her son always sang in the shower, and it made Hye Ji happy because she reasoned if he was well enough to sing then he was getting better.
She liked Hye Ji and found that she could talk to her very easily. It also made things more intimate between them when Hye Ji insisted on not being called Mrs. Young. Hye Ji said it felt like Doo Ri was addressing her mother-in-law when she did that. They met occasionally when both needed some fresh air and to get out of the sick rooms. She was flattered one day when Hye Ji asked if she could keep an eye on her son out on the terrace while she went to the restroom. Doo Ri had been heading up to the terrace, anyway, to catch a breath of fresh air while her grandmother napped.
She soaked up the sun in a hot corner of the terrace and watched Hye Ji’s son as he sat in his wheelchair. He was about her age, or maybe a year or two older. She turned eighteen only last month. He had pretty, blond hair, so light it was almost white. She knew a few people her age that dyed their hair blond as a fashion statement, but she preferred keeping her natural color. Hye Ji told her he needed to keep his sunglasses on because his eyes were sensitive to light. Doo Ri guessed that they made sure to get a pair that blocked most of the light because they were the wrap-around type of sunglasses. She chuckled to herself. He could be a pop star, with those funky sunglasses and his cute appeal. He was cute, even though he was very pale from being sick.
However, as Doo Ri sat across the terrace from Hye Ji’s son, she became increasingly alarmed. More and more people came up to him. He smiled politely to them and spoke a few words, then he twisted around, anxiously. She finally realized he was looking for his mother. He must need help, and she, too, watched for Hye Ji to enter the terrace. With no sign of her, though, Doo Ri decided to take matters into her own hands. She marched across the terrace and elbowed her way through the people, careful not to push too hard.
She bent down and said, right into his ear, making him jump a little from being startled, “Don’t worry. Your mother is fine, but needs to be a bit longer in the restroom. She asked me to get you back to your room.”
She then took hold of the wheelchair and pushed her way through the people and off of the terrace to the elevator, saying, “This young man needs to return to his room. He’s sick and needs his rest.”
The people around him parted but also expressed their disappointment at his exit.
In the elevator, she said to him, “You are popular with the patients, here. That was quite a little crowd that attached themselves to you out there, Mr. Young.”
She was joking, but Hye Ji’s son didn’t say much back. He just shrugged. She figured he was tired and did need to get back to the room to rest.
Hye Ji walked in seconds behind them and apologized for coming back late. Doo Ri let her know it was no problem, but also that a lot of people on the terrace bothered her son. Hye Ji seemed concerned about that, but smiled, anyway, and thanked her, again. Then Doo Ri remembered the music she heard and told Hye Ji’s son how much she and her grandmother liked it. She went back to check on her grandmother, not giving another thought to the patient in the next room. He might be cute, but he needed his own space to recover.
On Friday, when she arrived at the desk in the V.I.P. wing, the nurse waved her down before she could pass on the way to her grandmother’s room.
“Oh, Miss!” the nurse called. “Miss! We’ve got something for you.”
Doo Ri stepped over to the desk. “Is my grandmother all right?”
With concern for her grandmother first in her mind, her heart jumped into her throat when they waved her over.
“Oh, yes, Miss. She is fine. She’s looking forward to your visit today.” The nurse smiled back at her. Doo Ri gave a visible sigh of relief. “But we have this for you.” The nurse handed Doo Ri an envelope. “The young man in the room next door was discharged this morning and asked that you be given this envelope.”
Doo Ri took the envelope and went to her grandmother’s room. Inside, she opened it. Two concert tickets and backstage passes to a group called G5 lay in the envelope. A brief note thanked her for rescuing him on the terrace and that he was glad she enjoyed his music. He hoped she would like this concert, if she was able to attend. It wasn’t signed but she knew it must have been Hye Ji’s son that wrote the note.
Well, she wasn’t into pop music. She assumed the tickets were for a pop group based on the bold design on them. He must have thought she’d enjoy pop music because she made the comment to him about liking his singing. He had no idea that she played the gayageum and spent most of her time practicing with others on antique instruments. She called one of her friends to find out about this G5 group. When she told her friend about the tickets, she needed to hold the phone away from her ear because her friend squealed so loudly.
“You mean you have free tickets to see G5? Free? OMG! Turn on the radio, Doo Ri. You’ll hear their songs constantly. You have to go. You cannot not go!” Her friend was excited about the tickets.
“Do you want to go with me, then? It is for tomorrow night, though,” Doo Ri asked her friend.
Again, she thrust the phone away from her ear. Her friend accepted in a heartbeat.
“Doo Ri, you know they do have some music you might like. They have a couple of numbers with the gayageum and other instruments. Actually, you should go and at least listen to those. They use the old instruments, but bring them up to date so they sounded interesting.”
They agreed to meet up the next day and go to the concert together.
Saturday night found the two of them in front row seats in a huge, noisy, crowded arena. Upon entering, they noticed five banners hung from high in the lobby. On every one a different young man appeared, each with a black band across his eyes. She gazed up at them, thinking that this must be G5. Each one was a perfectly coiffed pop star, with hair styled in the latest fashions, even dyed in the latest colors, although one blond stood out as much whiter than the other. The red-head was kind of cute, the dark one in the middle, too. The longer she looked, the more she decided they all were handsome, especially the brown-haired one with the large, light brown, doe eyes to match. The white-haired blond was also dreamy-looking. He had hair the same color as Hye Ji’s son. That made her think twice and stare at the white-haired, G5 member. Her friend tugged at her sleeve to get going. They wanted to get to their seats before the first number.
“Wait a minute,” she said to her friend, as she contemplated the poster of the white-haired man, studying him intently. “Do you know who that guy is?”
“Which one, the light blond on the end?” Her friend asked and she nodded. “That’s Mac, the new member they added a few weeks ago to replace Jung-Ja. He’s from Seoul. Isn’t he cute? He has a dreamy voice. Too bad, though, he’s been sick in the hospital and probably won’t be doing tonight’s performance. Come on, Doo Ri. Let’s get to our seats!”
Doo Ri was now quite certain of the identity of the white-haired G5 member, and then she remembered the comments she made about his singing and telling him that he and his friends should be in a band. Oh, God, she groaned to herself. He probably thought that I was insane. No wonder he didn’t answer me.
They handed the tickets to the usher and followed to their seats, right up front, so close they could probably touch the stage, if they wanted. Doo Ri’s friend was so excited that she actually jumped up and down in her seat. The lights went down in the arena and up on stage four guys stood in their costumes. The one in front, Shinwoo from his introduction, apologized to the audience for being short one man, explaining that Mac was still recovering from his illness.
Oh, God, Doo Ri said, again, to herself. What a fool I was! I mean, it was the V.I.P. section of the hospital, after all, so it stands to reason that a celebrity of some sort occupied the room next to her grandmother. He must think I live on another planet because I didn’t know. No wonder all those people up on the terrace surrounded him.
She listened to the first two songs. They were pop, totally and assuredly pop. They were upbeat, with lots of happy words and some rap intermixed. The doe-eyed one did most of the rap, she noticed. The audience clapped along to the second one and when G5 exited after that number, a piano rolled to center stage. From the wings, two of the G5 members slowly walked out onto stage. One member seemed to be holding up the other a bit. She recognized Hye Ji’s son and groaned to herself, again. He sat at the piano, thanked the audience, said something about staying strong and then sang. It was a beautiful song, and she recognized the voice, the same voice she heard each afternoon in the hospital.
Once the piano sound died away, replaced by the audience noises, the other four band members walked out on stage and Doo Ri heard them performing one of the songs she had heard in the evenings at the hospital, one of the slow ones, full of harmonies, crescendos and decrescendos. The chords were wonderful, sometimes harmonious, sometimes discordant, matching the words and the mood. The music seemed to mesmerize everyone, including herself. Something she hadn’t heard in public before, especially from a pop group, it sounded more like gospel music, almost, but not really. She couldn’t put her finger on it, but it intrigued her enough to wonder where it came from originally, and how the band came to sing it. Her grandmother and she had talked about this music after the impromptu concerts they heard in the hospital. Adding one of those, musically, to the gayageum would be interesting, they agreed. The plucky notes of her instrument would go well with the chords in the song.
Thinking so much about how she could incorporate this music into her’s, Doo Ri missed the ending and only roused herself as the band left the stage, the one called Mac helped off by the cute, red-headed one. She was even more surprised when, a few numbers later, she heard her instrument, along with other antique Korean instruments playing a traditional song. As they played, one by one, the four healthy band members came onstage dressed in historical costumes. They danced together, their long costumes swirling around and around in time with the swords above their heads. They sang, combining their pop sounds with the old instruments. If someone told her ahead of time about this, she wouldn’t have believed it. Actually, her girlfriend tried to tell her about this music. No way could you sing pop music accompanied by ancient instruments, but it worked. It really worked. They sang and danced in time to the music, swinging their swords in unison. It took some skill, she knew, to be able to wield a sword like that. They weren’t exactly feather weight. The four men seemed to be masterful with them, though, and perfectly timed with the music. Doo Ri enjoyed the performance and was surprised that she did. Her friend next to her jabbed her with her elbow.
“See, Doo Ri, I told you that you would like this part.”
Her friend was right. But before she knew it, the concert ended. Judging by the reaction of the crowd, singing along and swaying back and forth with their arms in the air, the final number was a more popular one. The four lined up on the stage, but the one on the end suddenly ran backstage. He came out, a second later, pushing a wheelchair with Hye Ji’s son in it and the group did their bows and left the stage for good.
“Come on, Doo Ri!” Her friend pulled her toward the end of the row. “We’ve got backstage passes. Let’s get back there. I’m dying to get an autograph from Shinwoo.”
She pulled Doo Ri to the exit and they were directed backstage. The hallways teemed with chaos. People ran everywhere, some with backstage passes hung around their necks like themselves, others with staff identification. People seemed to be going in every direction. Racks of clothes were pushed somewhere. Orchestra players carted their violas down the hallway, chatting casually. Which way should they go? She was stunned by the activity.
“Are you Miss Doo Ri? I’m supposed to keep a lookout for you.”
Someone lightly touched her elbow and she turned. The doe-eyed, brown-haired one stood next to her.
“Oh my gosh!” Doo Ri’s friend gushed, “Leo! You’re Leo!”
“Ah, yes. I guess I am.” Leo smiled to the friend then turned back to Doo Ri, “Hi, I’m Leo, as your friend pointed out. Mac was sure you’d be confused back here, so he asked me to get you safely to our room.” Leo pointed down the hallway. “If you’ll come this way…”
He started to turn to walk toward the dressing room when a rack of clothes bumped him. It propelled him right into Doo Ri, knocking them down to the floor, their faces and bodies smashed together. Doo Ri found herself in a lip lock with Leo on top of her.
Leo jumped up quickly, bowing and apologizing for the fall. He extended his hand to help her up and brushed her off, politely.
“Are you OK? I’m so sorry.” In English he shouted at the clothes rack headed down the hallway, “Bloody rack! Hey! Watch where you are going!” Just as fast, he switched back to Korean, “I’m so sorry. The clothes rack pushed me, really! Are you all right? I don’t usually jump all over pretty women I’ve just met, really!”
Doo Ri blushed from the top of her head all the way down to her toes.
“Yes,” she managed to get out, “I’m fine.”
He had the softest lips, and she blushed some more for those thoughts.
“Oh! I’ve got makeup on you, too. I’m so, so sorry. Let’s get back to the dressing room and I’ll get something to take that off.”
Leo pulled her hand and she was off, sailing down the hallway, trying to keep up with the pop star’s long legs, while her friend rushed in her wake.
“Did you just kiss Leo?” Her friend whispered breathlessly in her ear. Doo Ri ignored her, but blushed some more. “It sure looked like it,” her friend whispered. “How come you are so lucky?”
In the dressing room, one of the makeup artists fussed over Doo Ri, reapplying her makeup, after taking off the black smears left from Leo’s eye band. The new makeup didn’t really match what she wore, originally. It was way better. She never could afford these expensive cosmetics. They felt like heaven on her face.
Behind her, people bustled in and out of the room, while some of the G5 members sat on a couch or lounged in comfy chairs, drinking different things, energy drinks, plain water, and coffee. They were all talking about the performance, along with a couple of managers. Doo Ri’s friend took it all in, standing by her side, as the makeup artist worked.
“That number, Mac, is going to go platinum if you let us record it with the rest of the group. It was such a hit with the audience. I’ve still never heard anything like it. It is terrific! We’ll set up a recording session when you feel better.”
Doo Ri could hear one of the managers talking to Mac, but couldn’t quite hear the reply. Seated on the couch, in the middle, between two of his band mates, she saw Mac slouched down into the cushions. He appeared tired, or maybe it was just the black makeup around his eyes that made him look tired.
Shinwoo wasn’t saying anything, only drinking his water. Min-Jun and Ji Hu argued about some timing in one of the numbers, and Leo kept smiling at her, whenever she glanced at him.
Finally, the makeup artist declared herself finished and turned the chair around to face the men on the couch. Leo got up, immediately, and went over to her chair.
“I’m so sorry, again. How can I ever make it up to you?” He bowed and apologized.
“That’s OK. I’m fine. It isn’t necessary,” Doo Ri said back, lost in his light, brown eyes. She couldn’t help smiling back at him.
“I know!” Leo said. “Are you free on Sunday? We don’t have anything scheduled.” He gestured at his band mates, indicating that they didn’t have any appearances on Sunday. “Please, let me make it up to you. Please tell me you are free?”
“Well, I do plan to see my grandmother. She’s still in the hospital,” Doo Ri said back into those eyes. She couldn’t stop looking into those eyes. “But I guess I’m free before or after that.”
“Great!” Leo smiled even broader. “Let me have your phone number and I’ll give you a call.”
He quickly entered the number on his phone and smiled back up at her.
“Do you want to say hello to Mac, now that you are backstage with us?” Leo asked. “He did ask me to bring you here. We’re going to have to go to him, though. He’s not supposed to be up and around much until he’s fully recovered.”
“Mac? Oh! Yes. I’d like to thank him for the tickets and thank you all for the concert. It was interesting, especially the sword numbers” Doo Ri said.
She remembered that Mac had given her the tickets.
He helped her down from the makeup chair, and turned around to walk across the room to the sofa, but stopped halfway there.
“Well, on second thought, I guess talking to Mac will have to wait until next time.”
Leo looked over at Mac, slouched on the sofa. He had his head back on the pillows and his mouth open, sound asleep. The paper cup of coffee teetered dangerously on his knee, held in his slack hand.
“I guess that was a little bit too much effort for him, right now, poor guy. He’s exhausted.”
The makeup artist stood behind them shaking her head. She went over and took the cup out of his hand and put it on the table.
“You guys are going to get in trouble with Mac’s doctors, you know, making him work only a day after getting out of the hospital!”
So, Doo Ri didn’t get to apologize to Mac, after all, for not recognizing him in the hospital and for making those silly comments about singing in a band. She was a little relieved that she didn’t have to talk to him. Her friend obtained the autographs she wanted. Loaded down with G5 paraphernalia, the two were escorted back to the arena doors. Out in the parking lot, her friend couldn’t stop talking about the experience. She texted all her friends, as well, letting them all know that Doo Ri scored a date with Leo and how cute Leo was up close and in person.


Chapter Twenty: Leo at Five Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

Leo was a mixed breed, at least he perceived of himself this way, half Korean, half Lord knows what, Scottish, Irish, English, German, and maybe Canadian. His mother was born and raised near a little hamlet in the United Kingdom. His father was born and raised in South Korea. The two met in Vancouver, Canada. Sent to school in Vancouver, his father met his mother while she visited relatives. Leo was sketchy on how or why they met, but they did, and it resulted in Leo. They ended up getting married a year after Leo arrived, then his father convinced his mother to move to Seoul. With his father’s dark, straight hair, and Asian slanted eyes, he could pass for one hundred percent Korean, but he knew he wasn’t. His tall stature, nearly two meters, and the light brown-green eyes of his mother’s gave him away. If he squinted closely, he could see bright green specs floating in his brown eyes. His mother called it hazel. He called it ugly. She frequently told him that his eyes were going to break some hearts. To Leo, they were way too large for his face and the wrong color. Bug eyes, he called them.
One other difference that separated him from others was his perfect, Oxford English. Always spoken in his home, with his mother, his English frequently got him in trouble when he corrected his teachers in school. At least his height didn’t stand out amongst his fellow band members. They all were nearly two meters tall, as well, which comforted him. This one, of his half-breed qualities, actually helped him get noticed to win the band audition. He also made friends with just about anyone, and often did. He smiled all the time, or nearly so. Why go through life with a sour disposition?
He loved being in the band and just another one of the guys, but he had his dreams, as far-fetched as they were. The band job helped him finance those dreams. He wanted to make the South Korean Olympic team in snow boarding. Well, he’d have to make the National team first, then the Olympic team. To do that, he needed money to afford the lift tickets, coaching, and equipment. Being in the band gave him his opportunity to make that money, but it was also tough juggling the schedules so that he could practice for both. He made certain his contract included a written clause that, should he make the National team, he would have the opportunity to devote to that pursuit.
Half the time, Leo thought to himself, who was he kidding? He’d never make the National team. The winter he turned eighteen, he inquired about trying out. He was totally unprepared. He knew he needed to learn a few more moves, but the guys he saw practicing for the tryouts were good, really good. He had to get better to be able to, at least, match those guys. So, back then, he hired a trainer to work with him, part time, because that was all he could afford. He worked most days to make enough money to pay the trainer and purchase anything else he needed. Walking a fine line between working and snow boarding, he tried to make it to the slopes three days a week. The bus ride took time, then the crowded lifts took time, the coaching took time, everything took time. When the slopes closed for the season, he vowed to make enough money to temporarily quit his job and devote all his time to snow boarding the next season.
He turned nineteen when he auditioned for G5. After graduating high school, his parents wanted to send him on to college in the U.K. He wanted to try out for the National team, first, though. They compromised on waiting a year to let him live out his dream and see if he could make it. Already accepted at a college near his mother’s home town, he would have started there in the fall had he not convinced his parents to let him wait. They agreed that one year wouldn’t hurt his education too much, if making the team meant so much to him.
Back then, during the day, he worked as a tour guide, providing customized visits for English speaking tourists. He took them anywhere they dictated and did all the translating. Flexible enough that he could hit the slopes whenever he wanted, during the season, the job did pay fairly well, with tips. However, he could make a lot more in a band, if the band was successful. New, state-of-the-art snow boards cost big bucks, along with all the clothing to go with it. Training cost a lot, too, and, while he improved enough to try out for the National team, he needed that trainer to keep pushing him and make him even better.
He learned to snow board at an early age, not in Korea, but in the Alps. Over the year-end holidays, his family often traveled back to England to visit the relatives. During one of those trips, they took a few days and hopped to the continent, going to a ski resort in the Austrian Alps. He fell in love with snow boarding there, and was hooked at ten years of age. Every year after that, he cajoled his parents into taking him to the slopes in South Korea. Good at skiing, his mother did that while he snow boarded. At fifteen, he started formal lessons in the winter, spending weekends on the slopes, using his allowance and money from his part time job.
To do competitive snow boarding, it was hard work and he needed to be in top shape. That was one advantage he had when he auditioned for the group. His abs were like a washboard, they were so tight. His arm and leg muscles were in great shape, as well. All he needed to do was learn some dance moves, and sing, right? He didn’t really sing. He rapped. He didn’t dance, either, he did cross rockets, chicken salad, and rusty trombones, all snowboarding moves. He also knew some hip hop. He rapped and danced hip hop at the skate park when the weather turned too warm to snow board. All the other skate boarders in the park joined in with the rap and hip hop. It was fun. When he wasn’t practicing his snow board moves on his skate board in the summer, or working, he hung out doing hip hop and rap.
So, when the poster appeared at the skate park about the audition, all the guys in the group laughed. Like they wanted to be in a boy band, right? No way! However, the more Leo contemplated it, the more he wondered about the pay. He could suffer through any sea of enthusiastic teens if he got paid well enough to finance his snow boarding. The pay had to be pretty good if all those idols could afford fancy places and cars. He wrote down the audition info and decided to give it a try. Besides, if he didn’t make it, he always had his current job. What was there to lose? He just wouldn’t tell the guys at the park, though.
He started practicing the singing part, while he showered, mostly, because he was too embarrassed to sing anywhere else. He was sounding all right when his mother happened to mention it, one day.
“Leo, what was that you were singing in the shower this morning?” She asked at breakfast.
“Oh, just some song,” he said.
She’d noticed him. He’d have to find a different venue to practice singing.
“It sounded really nice.” She smiled at him. “I never knew you had a good singing voice. You should keep it up and sing more, Love. I don’t mind.”
After that, Leo thought hard about where he might sing without annoying other people, or attracting attention. He decided there wasn’t a good place, so he would just quit singing. That was as much practice as he was going to get.
At the audition, when his turn came to stand in front of the table and sing, he didn’t. He rapped, instead. What the heck, I might as well do what I feel comfortable doing, he said to himself. It shocked and surprised him that he passed onto the next round. He got another surprise when, at the next round, they had to sing a predetermined song for the judges. All the participants received a song sheet and a half hour to memorize it and sing it in front of the judges. This is where I get eliminated, he thought. However, he decided to stick it out and do his best, anyway.
He listened to the other contestants as they practiced and he imitated what sounded all right. When it came his turn to sing the song, he went all the way through it. He thought he did OK, maybe. Not fantastic, but good. He got the nod to continue to the next round, to his delight.
The next round included dancing. All taught some basic moves and told to keep dancing them until asked to stop, he did those moves, but added in some hip hop to the mix. The moves they taught bored him. Since he probably didn’t have a chance, he decided to embellish those moves a bit and have some fun. Someone came by and tapped him on the shoulder, indicating that he should stop. Oh well, I tried, at least, he thought. He walked back, picked up his hoodie and backpack and headed out the door but was stopped.
“Where are you going?” an audition official asked.
“I guess I got eliminated, so I was just leaving.”
“You didn’t get eliminated, yet. You are supposed to go over there to that table.” The guy pointed to another table in the back.
Leo walked back to the indicated table. Several other young men still danced to the music, competing in the audition, when he was tapped on the shoulder. He stood in front of the table.
“What’s your name?”
He told them.
“That sounds English. Can you speak English, too?”
“Uh, sure. I can speak English pretty well.” He answered them, in English.
He perked up. Perhaps they need a translator. Maybe the pay would be better than a tour guide, translating for the boy band.
“Show up at eight tomorrow morning. Don’t be late.” He was handed an address.
“Do you want me to wear anything special?”
Many times, he was asked to wear a certain color or a scarf, or bring an umbrella or flag with him when he did tours.
“No. Don’t worry about your wardrobe. We’ll provide the clothing.”
Strange that they provided the clothing. He hoped he didn’t have to dress up as something. Once, in his old job, they asked him to wear a colonial outfit, complete with a curled wig. He turned down that booking. He was all for the money, but not if it meant some ridiculous costume. He preferred his very loose, baggy, hip hop attire. Tourists didn’t seem to mind once they heard him speak.
The next morning, he showed up at the K-Entertainment offices. Four other guys sat in the waiting area with him. No one talked to anyone else, but the guy on the end smiled and nodded at him. Leo noticed that all of the others were about the same height and build as he, but that was where the similarities ended. The friendly guy had red hair, another one sat stiffly in starched jeans. Did anyone really wear jeans like that, he wondered. Another guy smiled while he bled through bandages, and the last guy kept staring at the bleeding guy like he wanted to punch him some more. These ended up being his band mates. He found out pretty quickly that he made it into G5.
From there, he learned, with the rest of the group, the dance moves and a couple basic songs. Shinwoo protested to the management about singing what he called “silly, childish songs” and finally got his way. He had composed a few songs, already, and the band learned these instead of the basic songs. What Leo liked about Shinwoo’s music was that it incorporated rap, as well as great melodies and, quite frankly, the tunes were catchy. He liked them, and so did the other guys. In fact, the rest of the staff liked them so much, they ditched the basic songs and went with Shinwoo’s compositions. Leo took the lead on the rap, and they all took turns singing the melodies and providing the harmonies. Shinwoo and Jung-Ja did solo pieces, as well. They quickly earned their first hit, and after that, Jung-Ja contributed to the song writing and they went up from there.
Last winter was very difficult for Leo. He was torn with conflict between the band and the slopes. The band took up much of his time, but he really liked it, and the pay was fabulous. He could afford any snow board and the best equipment. He’d already hired a different trainer, one that worked directly with the National team. It was amazing what better equipment and coaching did to improve his abilities. He also drove his own car, whenever he had enough time. No more waiting for the bus. The hardest part, though, was juggling work and snow boarding. The management did give him some time off. The whole band took a breather in January and Leo spent that month in the mountains, intensely training. In late January, he tried out for the National team.
It was a bitter disappointment when he didn’t make it. He came in seventh. Any guy would be proud to have placed so high, amongst the elite snow boarders, but Leo was extremely disappointed. Another year gone to waste, in his opinion. So depressed that he decided he might give up on his dream, he drove back to the dorm after his finish, hardly noticing the drive, his thoughts focused on what to do to go forward. He knew he’d have to tell his mom and dad, and then he’d probably be packed off to university, as they planned.
Shit! He pounded his steering wheel, thinking. In addition to disappointing myself, now I’m going to make enemies of four other guys.
When he quit the band, he knew he would not get a pleasant farewell. They would be angry. They just spent the last few months building themselves up, and were getting really good. They already had two hits, and were on the verge of another. Who knew how many more hits might come? G5 might be really something in the next year. He arrived back at the dorm defeated and exhausted. He left his wet clothes and equipment where they lay, in the back of his SUV, his boards locked onto the roof rack. He’d sell everything, he guessed, but later. He didn’t even enter the house. He headed directly for the subway.
Whenever he was depressed, he rode the subway, or, as he called it in deference to his mother’s British upbringing, the tube. He swiped his phone across the kiosk to pay for a ticket, then sat in the first train that arrived on the underground track. It didn’t matter which train or where it headed. The trains ran twenty-four hours a day. The second largest subway system in the world and the most extensive, by length, Leo could ride it for hours, thinking, or sometimes crying. No one paid any attention to him, brooding in the back of a car, with his head down, his jacket hood draped over it. So he sat, crying disappointed tears and hitting the next seat, occasionally, when no one was sitting in it. At times the car filled up, almost to capacity. Other times, it nearly emptied. It didn’t matter to Leo. He didn’t pay it any attention. He slumped in his seat with his head down, nearly invisible under his oversized hood, feeling sorry, feeling disappointed, feeling mad, not wanting to feel, anymore.
“Sun Tzu said, “Opportunities multiply as they are seized,” you know,” Leo heard in his ear.
The car crowded up, again, and someone plopped down next to him. A few other people had sat next to him in the last hour or so, but he didn’t really care. As long as they left him alone, he didn’t mind.
“Don’t give up. Seventh place is darn good. Next time it will be first place.”
Huh? The person next to him continued talking and Leo realized that he was talking to him. He didn’t raise his head, but the legs of the person sitting next to him, long, slim legs in stiff jeans and stylish, expensive sneakers instantly gave away his identity. Shinwoo. Ice General. No wonder he quoted some dead military leader. How did he find me, Leo wondered.
As if Shinwoo had e.s.p. he answered, “Your phone has the tracking enabled. It was easy to find you.”
They rode in silence for a few more minutes, Leo wondering why Shinwoo even bothered to track him down, then Shinwoo spoke, again.
“Your mom was worried.”
Gads! He did have e.s.p. Leo was now convinced. Great. I can’t even be left alone for my own pity party.
“Don’t worry,” Shinwoo said. “I’ll leave soon. You can continue crying like a baby, if you want.”
Now, he embarrassed Leo. The whole reason he rode down here was to be alone and cry. He didn’t want anyone else he knew seeing him like this. Guys weren’t supposed to cry, but he couldn’t help it.
“Your parents are proud of you, you know,” Shinwoo said. “They don’t want you to give up. Go talk to them.”
Leo shrugged. “I guess I’ll have to. I didn’t make the team, so now I’ll have to quit everything and go to university, like they planned.”
That made a few more tears roll down his cheeks. Shit. I am not a crybaby! Leo rubbed the tears on his sleeve.
“Do you want to?” Shinwoo asked him.
After a long pause, Leo finally spoke. “No.”
“What do you want?”
What do I want? Leo asked himself. He was disappointed that he hadn’t made the team, and disappointed that he’d have to go to college in England. He was also disappointed that he’d have to quit the band. What did he want? He sighed and thought about it.
“I guess I really want three things. I want to make the Olympic team, eventually, and that means I have to make the National team. That may or may not happen, but I know I was close. Maybe, with more training and if I keep at it, I can still make it. I will only be twenty next year. Twenty is not too old, but it is getting up there. It isn’t unheard of, though. And I don’t want to go to college in England. Maybe someday, but it isn’t right for me today. I appreciate that my parents want the best for me, but I want to live my dream until I know that dream won’t or can’t happen.” Leo said.
“And the third thing?” Shinwoo asked.
Leo sighed, then said, “I want to stay in the band. I like being in the band. It is more than just making the money, although, don’t get me wrong, the money is great. I like you guys. Well, most of you guys, and I like performing. I am surprised, but I actually do like it.”
“Nothing surprising about that.” Shinwoo smiled.
Leo was starting to feel better. They sat for a while longer, swaying back and forth as the car ran along the tracks.
“Opportunities multiply as they are seized,” Shinwoo said, finally. “Do what you want, not what everyone expects of you. Go see your parents.”
Shinwoo got up and left at the next stop.
Now, months later, Leo stood just off stage. The performance had ended and it went well, but the numbers with only four guys were awkward when they had been performing them with five, all along. It was strange to have an empty place on stage. He was content, though, and remembered back to that disappointing day when he rode the subway for hours after failing to make the team. Shinwoo brought him out of his depression and made him realize what he really wanted. He left the subway and went home to his parents. He received such a shock, walking into his parent’s house to a party atmosphere. They invited all their friends and celebrated that Leo placed seventh. They were actually really proud of him placing so high, so proud that they couldn’t stop smiling. He was embraced with warm hugs and kisses from his mother, much to his embarrassment, in front of all the neighbors.
“Leo! We had no idea how good you are!” His mother shouted over the laughter.
His father came up and patted him on the back. “Good job, Son. Next year you’ll make it.” He shoved a beer into Leo’s hand.
Next year? Leo wondered if he heard correctly. “You mean you aren’t sending me off to university?”
“We can, if that’s what you really want,” his father said. “Is it?”
“No. I don’t want to go, yet. I do want to try to make the team,” Leo answered back.
“Well, good then! Here’s to Leo making the team next year!” He raised his glass and everyone toasted, raising their glasses and cheering for Leo. “Besides,” his father said into his ear, “your mother is enjoying the limelight of a handsome pop star visiting her now and then. She’s the envy of so many cousins back in England. She can’t wait until your group goes international.” They both laughed together.
Leo smiled, remembering that night and how all his depression washed away surrounded by the happiness of his family. Well, that and the soju bombs they made him drink. No longer haunted by his unfulfilled dream of making the snow board team, he might make it this year, and if he didn’t, he was all right with that. He was stationed near the backstage door, watching the entrance for Mac’s hospital friend. Mac was still quite weak, so Leo offered to meet his mother’s friend for him. With only a brief description, he checked everyone that gained entrance, after the performance.
Each time the door opened and someone stepped through, he got the same thing, “Leo! You’re Leo!” Why did people always need to tell him his name? It was awkward to reply to an address like that. He wanted to say something sarcastic like, “Oh my God! I’m Leo?” and act surprised, but he didn’t. The management wouldn’t like that, at all. He’d catch heck for that. He finally resigned himself to a smile and a nod and usually gave up an autograph in the process. Mac owed him one. This hospital friend was probably going to turn out to be homely, fat, or a string bean, he decided, otherwise, Mac would have moved heaven and earth to be here, and not agreed to let Leo wait for his mother’s friend. Being doorman wasn’t that great, until the door opened and in walked Miss Beautiful.
Actually, she was being pulled by another woman, but Leo hoped she was the friend of Mac’s mother. If not, Leo decided instantly to recruit her as his friend and keep her all to himself. She had long, brown hair, and sparkling eyes. It was her lips, though, that Leo couldn’t get enough of. Luscious in a glossy pink lip coloring, they pouted, just now, as she came in through the door and said something to her friend. The two women walked right by Leo, so he turned and touched Mac’s friend on the elbow.
“Are you Miss Doo Ri?”
Leo felt awkward addressing her by her first name only. It wasn’t exactly polite, but Mac gave him no other name. Her friend squealed excitedly when they both turned around. Leo inwardly sighed because it was the same old, same old.
Ready to lead them to the dressing room to hand them over to Mac, something ran into him from behind and pushed him hard, propelling him forward into Doo Ri, and then they fell. His body landed on top of her with a thud and his lips landed right on top of her’s. “Oh my!” was all he could think to himself. As luscious as they first appeared, her lips tasted warm and sweet and he wanted to stay like that, locked on those soft lips. Then he remembered where he was and jumped back up, giving her his hand. He noticed that he had smeared black makeup on her in the process of the fall, spoiling that pretty face. His own face must be smeared, as well, but it was coming off as soon as they got to the dressing room, anyway. The only one that didn’t remove any makeup was Mac. He was required to remain in makeup until they all got back to the dorm.
He got the three of them to the dressing room and persuaded the makeup artist to redo Doo Ri’s face. With that completed, he was reluctant to hand her over to Mac, but delighted to see that Mac had fallen asleep on the sofa. That was Mac’s loss. He had Miss Doo Ri’s phone number and a date.
The next day, Leo approached Mac, busy on his computer, lying on top of his bed. A cup of coffee steamed on his nightstand, a bag of tortilla chips and a jar of salsa, half eaten, nestled by his side. Mac, he noticed, displayed the strangest eating habits. The management bought them whatever food they requested, and Mac often requested two things, especially. He liked spicy salsa, the hotter the better, and he ate it on everything, not only tortilla chips. Heck, he even mixed salsa in with already spicy kimchi. He also ate peanut butter. No one else touched the stuff. Leo found Mac, often, in the kitchen in the morning having what Mac called breakfast, which meant spooning peanut butter from the jar and eating it, then taking a big gulp of coffee from his huge mug. His appetite had returned to normal quickly, now that Mac was out of the hospital. Too bad he ignored the advice of those doctors in the hospital about following a bland diet. Food now disappeared from the fridge almost as fast as it was restocked. Last week Leo had enjoyed not worrying about his food being gone before he got a chance to even taste it.
“Mac,” Leo poked his head in the door. “Who is Doo Ri, exactly?”
“Who?” Mac looked up. “Oh, she’s my mother’s friend. They met in the hospital.”
Mac blushed.
“What?” Leo asked, smiling. “Do you like her?”
“Huh? Oh no, its not like that,” Mac said. “She got me out of a jam up on the terrace at the hospital. I just remembered it.”
“What happened?”Leo asked.
Mac told him about the fans on the terrace.
“Mac, you’ve got to get used to the fans. Because you are in this group, now, they are going to come at you, if they recognize you. You can’t let that bother you. Just smile and nod, sign a few autographs and move on and they will leave you alone, eventually,” Leo said.
Leo had been amidst the fans many times, by now, and had learned how to deal with them.
“I know,” Mac said, “But I’m not used to that kind of thing. Having girls, and worse, guys, climbing all over me, touching me, wanting me to sign this and that is kind of strange and uncomfortable. Maybe I’ll get used to it…” Mac paused a minute. He waved a chip in the air. “Maybe I won’t, since I’m only a summer replacement.”
The chip went into the dip and emerged with a very large scoop of salsa on it and disappeared into his mouth.
“Maybe. Anyway, I’m going to go out with Miss Doo Ri, if that’s OK with you.” Leo got back to his topic.
“Sure. Be my guest.” Mac talked, his mouth full of chip and salsa. “It will make my mother happy, anyway. I don’t think its good for me to get any attachments this summer, since I’m going back home at the end of August. Besides, with my identity supposedly a secret, it would be strange to go on a date with full makeup,” Mac said back to Leo, batting his eyes, making Leo laugh. “Good luck, Hyung.” He glanced at the time on his computer. “She’s probably already at the hospital, by now. Were you going to take her out after she visited her grandmother? That might get kind of late, you know.”
“She’s at the hospital? I didn’t remember that. I’ll give her a call.”
Leo left thinking he was so stupid for not calling her earlier. He fished his phone out of his pocket and punched her number. It rolled to a message service.
“Hmm…Mac said she was at the hospital, right?” Leo went back to his room pondering his next move.


Chapter Twenty-One: Doo Ri Still at Five Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

Doo Ri was certain that Leo wasn’t serious about taking her out on Sunday. She could tell he was only being nice. After the concert, her friend couldn’t help exclaiming over and over about everything that night, especially that Leo asked Doo Ri on a date. However, as they discussed what happened, they both agreed that Leo was only being nice, and that Doo Ri would probably never hear from him, again. After all, an idol like Leo could date anyone, like plenty of other female stars. Why pick Doo Ri? They did, agree, though, that the concert was terrific. Doo Ri commented that she thought the historical numbers very interesting. Their gayageum player needed some work, though. Used to hearing expert sounds from the gayageum, her ear was well tuned. She could tell that the gayageum player needed improvement. Probably other people couldn’t distinguish the poor sound quality from the instrument, but she knew that the player needed to tighten strings and stiffen fingers a bit more. In any case, though, it was very interesting to see how they incorporated this old instrument to make it fresh and new. She and her friend made it home and Doo Ri didn’t think any more of Leo.
The next day, she ran her errands in the morning, and went to see her grandmother mid-afternoon. She planned on spending the afternoon and evening with Grandmother. She brought her gayageum with her, as well, to play for her grandmother and receive more instructions.
After she and her grandmother talked a bit, Doo Ri unpacked her instrument and sat on the floor with it in her lap. She tuned it and then started in on a piece composed by her grandmother. Her fingers flew across the strings, plucking the chords. She enjoyed this particular piece, and her grandmother let her know how much she liked it, once Doo Ri finished. She started on the second piece when the door opened to the room.
“Miss Doo Ri?” She raised her head from her instrument and her mouth dropped open. There in the door stood Leo from G5. “I’m sorry to interrupt you here, with your grandmother, but I tried to call you and it kept rolling to your answering service. Mac said you always came to visit your Grandmother in the afternoons, so I thought I’d to see if you were here. I hope that’s all right.”
“Oh!” Doo Ri was genuinely surprised that it was Leo that appeared in the doorway. “I left my phone at home.” She was curious as to why he came. “I didn’t really think you were serious, yesterday, anyway. I thought you were being courteous.”
“What!?” Leo could hardly believe his ears. Was he getting the brush off? “I was serious. I am here, aren’t I?”
“Yes. So you are.” Doo Ri still couldn’t believe that Leo actually wanted to go out with her. She smiled shyly. “I was settling down to play for my grandmother.”
Grandmother nodded from her bed. “Come in. I don’t get visits from handsome, young men much, anymore.”
Now it was Leo’s turn to smile shyly.
“Sit down and listen.” Grandmother didn’t want anything to interrupt her granddaughter’s practice.
Leo bowed to Doo Ri’s grandmother. “I didn’t mean to interrupt. So sorry, Grandmother.” Leo called her Grandmother as a term of respect. He turned to Doo Ri. “Is it all right if I listen for a bit?”
Doo Ri could only nod. While she started playing after Leo seated himself, it took her several tries to get her fingers to settled down on the strings. It was difficult playing when this cute pop star sat so close and stared at her with those mesmerizing eyes.
They went to dinner, that night, after her grandmother’s meal was delivered in the hospital. Grandmother actually chased them out.
“Doo Ri? Why don’t you and your young man go get something to eat. Don’t bother coming back tonight. I’ve got my drama on TV to watch. I’ll be fine.” Grandmother smiled at Leo. “Young man, be careful of my granddaughter. She might trip and fall into those adorable eyes.” Grandmother winked then laughed. “You two go out and have fun. Doo Ri, you shouldn’t waste all your time catering to an old woman.”
“Grandmother!” Doo Ri was shocked at her grandmother’s brashness. “I don’t waste my time with you. I want to be with you.”
“Oh, I know, Doo Ri. I was only teasing. I treasure all the moments with you, but tonight, go out and have some fun. You need it.” Grandmother patted Doo Ri’s hand.
Leo took her to a restaurant high on top of a building. They gazed at the city lights all around them. The restaurant was a bit expensive to Doo Ri, but Leo didn’t seem to notice, at all. With their wine and steak, they chatted about each other, feeling more and more comfortable with each passing moment. Other diners noticed them, and the waiter asked for Leo’s autograph, as well, but no one really bothered them and they enjoyed the dinner and conversation.
After dinner, riding down in the elevator, Leo asked Doo Ri if there was any place she’d like to go. “After all, Grandmother did say to have fun, remember?”
Leo didn’t want to take Doo Ri to a club to dance. Noisy, and crowded, no one left him alone in clubs. He hated them. Doo Ri didn’t want Leo to take her to the movies. They wouldn’t be able to talk while the movie played. They could walk in the park, but it was a little windy this evening, and it looked like it might rain.
Leo racked his brain when it finally hit him. He knew what they could do to have fun. He hadn’t done it in years, but, heck, he had the voice to do it. They got back into the car and Leo instructed the driver where to take them. A few minutes later, they arrived at a noraebang place, Korean karaoke. They got a room with a machine, ordered drinks and snacks, and spent the next hour picking songs, singing and having a blast. Doo Ri could sing well, Leo noticed. Doo Ri noticed that Leo could more than sing well. His voice was amazing and his range equaled that. He could sing everything but the really low notes. When he did falsetto to get up high to match her, sometimes, clowning around, she could barely stop laughing. After the hour was up, they talked for another hour. When Leo took her home, he received a promise for the next Sunday if they both were free.


Chapter Twenty-Two: Mac at Six Weeks of His Summer Job

Today, one of Mac’s rare free days, someone, probably one of the managers, added a city tour with his mother onto his schedule. At six weeks into his summer job, he had been off for less than a handful of days, not counting the week in the hospital. The first two weeks he spent in intense training with few breaks, and after that, concerts and appearances were booked constantly. When they weren’t doing those, the group used the time to practice the routines, learn new ones, sing, record, or crash from all the work. On the days that Mac had been off, so far, he spent them mostly at his aunt’s, going to church on Sundays with the family, then some fun outing, hiking or biking, eating a lot, and keeping the twins company. The twins were actually pretty nice girls and he liked hanging out with them. They still thought Mac worked as a stage hand, but loved his new hair style. The first time they saw the hair, they teased him that all their girlfriends wouldn’t leave him alone. Seriously, though, the hairstyle seemed to be working out. He thought his space alien could never be tamed, but, with a stylist fussing over it all the time, it seemed to be behaving. Still, Mac stuffed it under his hat just like when the space alien and he were inseparable.
He had to be careful, as his managers constantly warned him, to watch out not to reveal his true identity. It sounded like a line about some super hero or something. Whenever they said it, Mac couldn’t help but laugh. He made sure that he laughed inside his head, and not out loud, though. It would seriously hurt them if he laughed in their faces when they talked about disguises and such.
Mac’s managers devised a plan for him so that he remained incognito, as it were, for the summer. Every time he left the dorm, he always wore makeup and work clothes. On his time off, he left the dorm in makeup, rode to the main office, where he changed, washed, and exited as his old self, in his street clothes. No one seemed to be the wiser about this format. Mac did the reverse when he came back to work. This seemed to be working fine. His aunt dropped him off at the main entrance in his street attire and all the fans hanging outside treated him just like that first day. “Oh, he’s nobody.” It made Mac smile when they did that. It was amusing how much a little makeup and dark eyes transformed him. Wasn't his hair a dead giveaway? People looked beyond the hair, it seemed, to take in the whole package. Besides, it wasn’t like he was the only Korean with light hair, even Min-Jun dyed his hair blond.
So, today Mac and his mother visited one of the palaces in Seoul. There were several historical palaces and all were frequently visited by natives and tourists, alike. They planned today to see Gyeongbokgung Palace, a royal compound located in the northern part of Seoul. “Gung” meant palace, and “Gyeongbok” meant “greatly blessed by heaven,” Mac learned. First built 1395, with many revisions since then, it highlighted the Joseon period. Mac was particularly interested in the Joseon period because of the G5 performances where they wore near-historical garments and used weapons modeled from that period in a martial arts kind of routine. He hadn’t performed in those routines, yet, but he worked on them every day, now, in practice and it wouldn’t be long until he was doing them on stage, as well.
This was the first time Mac was on an officially sponsored tour by the company. K-Entertainment scheduled an outing for him during his third week on the job, but, with the practices and appearances, they had to cancel. Now, going out in public after six weeks, instead of three, meant that there was more of a chance that someone might recognize him. Even though he let them know that people didn’t pay much attention to him when in his street attire, they still sent along two security guards to follow him and blend in with the public. If trouble arose, then they were supposed to whisk him away, Mac guessed. They really didn’t blend in that well. They stood together, a few feet away from Mac and his mom, scanning the other tourists, like Mac was the President of the U.S. and they were his secret service detail.
Mac’s mom and he joined an English speaking tour group. It was hot, and they all wore hats and sunglasses. He wore Ray Ban look-a-likes. No more wrap-around sunglasses for him. That style made his face appear too much like his eye band makeup. The tour leader herded them, and the others in their tour group, around with a little British flag held in the air, and they all followed, like sheep. She explained the history, and how in the early 20th century, Japan destroyed much of the palace. Now, the complex had been restored back to its original form, but only approximately forty percent of the buildings still stood or had been reconstructed. It was interesting to see the old structures and learn their purposes for the kings and their courts.
As the guide talked, they took in the sites, passing many other tour groups coming and going about the palace. They stopped at the Hyangwonjeong Pavilion, a small, two-story building built on an artificial island in a lake. The name translated as the “pavilion of far-reaching fragrance” the guide told them. Reached by walking over the “bridge intoxicated with fragrance,” that bridge, reconstructed, was the longest span made purely of wood during the Joseon period. It was destroyed during the Korean war back in the 1950’s. The architecture of the bridge created patterns to the pylons as they were bound together across the lake.
The group stopped in the shadow of the pavilion to admire the view. Mac took off his ball cap to wipe his brow. Sweat had started to form and drip down into his eyes, so he welcomed the shade. A Korean group halted behind them and Mac heard, from a few feet away, a few girls talking.
“Look,” one squeaked. “Isn’t that Mac from G5 over there!”
“Where?” another one asked. “You mean that guy with the blond hair in front of us?”
Mac’s guards were moving in to get between him and the girls, he noticed. What should he do if they really did recognize him? His managers said if he got recognized, to beat it out of there before anyone took pictures. He guessed his security detail was getting in the way to prevent any pictures.
“Yes! That guy. It’s him, I’m sure!”
More people started to turn their heads to follow where the girls pointed. Mac risked a little glance and sure enough, they pointed right at him. His mom looked worried and grabbed his arm. What she did next, though, amazed him.
“Dan!” she said. “I think there is something on your sunglasses. Let me have them so I can clean them for you.”
Of course, she said this in English, as loudly as fitting her imitation of an annoying U.S. tourist. She moved so that Mac had to turn around, which faced him directly in the line of sight of the girls in the Korean group. He heard them squeal some more.
“Huh?” Mac wondered out loud. What the heck she was doing. He took his glasses off and inspecting them and said back to her, in English, “What do you mean? They look OK to me.” He handed them to her.
There came several cries of disappointment from the Korean tour group girls, and Mac heard them say, “No. It isn’t him. It is some American tourist. Look, he has blue eyes. He’s not even Korean.”
“Yeah,” said another one. “Pretty blue eyes, but it isn’t Mac. Darn! That would have been really something if it was him.” The disappointment was evident in their voices.
Mac’s guards moved away, chuckling to themselves. His mother saved his identity. His mom realized as soon as they saw that Mac was a blue-eyed American, they would leave him alone, and she was right. They expected a brown-eyed Korean, even though the hair was right, and were severely disappointed.


Chapter Twenty-Three: Me at Six Weeks of My Summer Vacation

It was a little scary today to know that my son has a fan club and girls squeal at the site of him. I heard about the fans that bothered Dan up on the terrace at the hospital, but I never actually saw any around him. At the Gyeongbokgung Palace today, on a tour, it was nice to see Dan, again, and see that he was healthy. He was putting back on his lost weight, too, I noticed, which was good. He didn’t appear so painfully thin, anymore, just skinny. Now halfway through his summer stint, what few days he had off, our family spent with him, trying to help him catch his breath. Today, though, the agency booked a tour for the two of us. I was happy because Dan was finally going to see some of the historical sights of my home city. The kind of tour that I knew Dan would enjoy, pondering the architecture and learning about history, it was also the very thing that I wanted to do with Dan since I started planning the vacation. I imagined us visiting many sights around the city and then heading into the country so that Dan could see his father’s family and get a feeling for the difference between city life and country life. Too bad that, at the halfway point in my vacation and his summer job, we had not done much of my plans. Next week would be better. Dan had two full days off and the group was also traveling to the same province of Sam’s family. Dan and I were to spend the night at the house of Sam’s parents.
Today, though, it was good to spend some time alone with my son and find out how things were going. On the tour, we didn’t talk much, each of us taking in the sights, Dan absorbing the history. He gets this far-away glaze in his eyes when he’s thinking about long ago. I can see him imagining how the buildings looked hundreds of years ago and visualizing the ancient people walking around doing their everyday business. He gets really still and turns his head slowly, his eyes taking in everything. Afterward, he’s usually able to quote, word-for-word the facts he learned, fascinated with every day life, ancient weapons, or the architecture. He will tell me how a bridge was constructed, pylon by pylon, or why the eaves of a roof line were carved in a certain pattern. He notices everything and leaves out nothing. It is a treat for me to tour with him and hear him afterward as he goes on and on about what he learned.
Such was the case today, as he took in the palace, imagining court life, how they constructed the buildings and bridges, the artificial lake and pavilions. Lost in his historical mussing, he never noticed the stares as groups passed by, the teenage girls gawking at him. He wore his loud t-shirt, jeans, worn out shoes, and what I guessed was his favorite ball cap. He looked, to me, the picture of an American student, not that I was pleased with his wardrobe, it being so worn. He could have put on something with fewer holes. Do jeans always have to be ripped and torn? I told him not to bring those to Korea. Apparently, though, the Korean girls thought different. As we walked with our tour guide, many of them did a double take, gaping at Dan.
It was also hot, and I could see Dan sweating. He was rosy red under his ball cap and beads of sweat dotted his face, making his hair stick to the back of his neck and around his temples. We stopped in the shade of a pavilion to admire the view and Dan took off his hat. That was a mistake. I heard the girls in the group beside us gasp immediately. They spotted his distinct hair color and circled, like vultures coming in for the kill. That’s when I decided to take matters in hand. Forget about his so-called guards that now blocked the way between Dan and the girls but still tried to act natural. If the girls got a good look at him, they would probably think it was not their G5 idol, I hoped. If that didn’t work, then, well, he did have those guards.
Luckily, Dan’s beautiful blue eyes did the trick and the girls were disappointed that he was not the G5 score they hoped for. A little flustered by the incident, Dan got over it quickly enough and spent the rest of the tour looking at the bridge construction and marveling at the symmetry of the pylons across the lake.
After our tour, I had a special visit in mind. Dan probably would not like it, but it was necessary. We were visiting the hospice so that Dan could see his grandfather before he passed away. It would probably be Dan’s only opportunity with his schedule so booked. I wanted to get it over with. I felt guilty that Dan never knew my mother or father, but I made that up to him, so far this trip, by introducing him to his grandmother last week, and now it was his turn to meet his grandfather.
Dan never questioned me about his grandparents. He knew his father’s family well and met them a few times when they visited the U.S. He never asked me about my parents, though, knowing full well what I went through when I left South Korea. He probably thought it was too painful for me, and he was right. I silently thanked him for not ever asking. I’m sure Sam probably told him everything he needed to know. Even though it was difficult for me to talk about him, on the way to the hospice, I filled Dan in on my father, telling him who he was and his condition. He asked me a few questions, but I could see he held back, not wanting to upset me even more.
“What should I say to him?” Dan asked on the ride to the hospice.
“Anything you like, but he’s probably not going to be awake,” I answered.
There was silence in the car for a while, then “If he’s awake, will he want to know me?” Dan said. “I mean, I’m not like you.”
“You mean will he be prejudiced because you aren’t Korean?” I asked him.
Dan nodded.
“I don’t really know, Dan. I’m having you go more for you than for him. I want you to be able to, at least, see your grandfather before he passes away, even if he is an old, wrinkled man. Perhaps he changed, over the years. We were stubborn and determined never to speak to each other again, so I can't really say if he's different now.”
I started to get choked up from thinking about the years that passed by and the fact the we both were, indeed, stubborn people. The lost opportunities were beginning to pull at my emotions.
We reached the hospice before I broke down and made our way to my father’s room. Hye Soon and my mother arrived ahead of us. I noticed, even in the hospice, that Dan could not get away with the sly glances, but this was not the place for K-pop thrills, and the staff were very respectful and kind. Before reaching my father’s room, Dan removed his hat and tucked his sunglasses in his pocket, more out of respect and good manners than wanting to save his reputation.
When we entered the room, my mother came up and hugged each of us. Dan was still getting to know her, so he took the hug in stride, then bowed to her and Hye Soon afterward, again, remembering his manners. If anything, I had taught my son well, and was proud that he remembered these things. I took a hold of Dan’s hand and led him to the bed. Father’s eyes were closed. He was sleeping. I heard a small, quick intake of breath from Dan then, to my surprise, Dan started talking to him.
“Ahem…” Dan cleared his throat. “Hello Grandfather. I am Dan, your grandson.” He took my father’s hand in his and continued speaking. “Remember? We met a few weeks back at Aunt Hye Soon’s apartment.”
My father opened his eyes.
“Hello Grandfather,” Dan said, again. “I didn’t really know you then, having just arrived in Seoul, so I apologize that I didn’t greet you properly. I will do so now.”
Dan then stepped back. With his elbows up and his palms flat, parallel to the floor, on his forehead at about his eyebrow level, Dan knelt, and bent forward so that the backs of his palms and head barely touched the floor. He got back up and bowed low, at the waist.
My father’s eyes watched him bow then they moved to me. “Hye Ji?”
I raised my head up and saw my father's eyes on me. There was clarity in his eyes.
“Yes, Father,” I took his hand.
He squeezed my fingers, faintly. “Sorry. Hye Ji. Sorry.”
A tear rolled down his face from the corner of his eye. Tears flowed freely down my face, as well. I heard Hye Soon and Mother, in the background, sobbing, too. We all were. All except Dan.
My father’s eyes left me and went back to Dan. “Grandson.”
It was not a question. Dan moved forward and took my father’s hand from me. He smiled at my father, one of his amazing smiles where everything lights up on his face. It is impossible not to smile back when you see Dan’s face beaming. The whole room became two shades brighter.
“Grandson,” my father said, and sighed.
We stayed for a few hours, then I knew it was time to get Dan back to the dorm, unfortunately. The group was flying out late that evening, and the afternoon had already grown long. Tomorrow G5 started a tour of South Korea, traveling to several provinces. Dan’s schedule was going to be very busy in the second half of his summer, I realized. His guards already popped their heads in the room twice, indiscreetly glancing at their watches. We all left the room together and walked down the hallway. At one of the lounges, I stopped and motioned for Dan to halt, as well. We sat in a couple of the chairs in the lounge as Hye Soon and Mother waited down the hallway, keeping the guards away, temporarily.
“Dan, why did you say what you did? You know you never met my father before today.”
I was very curious why Dan had mentioned to my father, purposefully, that they met a few weeks ago.
Dan hesitated and played with one of the rips in his jeans for a minute. I could tell he struggled with something, turning it over in his mind. Finally, he spoke.
“I did see him at Aunt’s place a few weeks ago. I just didn’t know it was him, at the time.” Dan looked me in the eye as he talked.
“Dan, you know that can’t be true. He’s been in the hospital or in hospice for the last couple of months!”
I wasn’t sure where Dan was going, but I was sure that my father was not at Hye Soon’s.
“Actually, I saw him standing behind the sofa, with Mallory, when we all sat in the living room after we got back to Aunt’s our first day here.”
Dan was embarrassed to tell me this, judging by the color on his face, but by the look in his eyes, he knew it was the absolute truth. I grabbed his hands in mine and looked him in the eyes, as well.
“You saw Mallory?”
It shocked me to hear him say this, even more than it bothered me that he had seen my father.


Chapter Twenty-Four: Jung-Ja at Six Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

Six weeks into Mac’s summer vacation, he returned to the dorm from his historical tour on his day off. The incident, which turned into a non-incident, with the fans at the palace, was news that everyone had already heard by the time he got back. Mac had forgotten all about the fan problem and how his mother had thwarted everything. In his mind, he was still back at the hospice watching his mother go white with the mention of Mallory.
News travels fast in the entertainment industry, though. When he opened the front door to enter the dorm, Leo met him while he removed his shoes in the entry. Everyone was required to remove their shoes and slip on house slippers. They all had a pair lined up in the entry, and there were a few more for visitors. This was a custom in most houses in South Korea and Mac was already familiar with it. It was a requirement at his parent’s house back in the States, as well. He’d grown up throwing off his shoes as he entered the house, so it was second nature to stop and remove them here, as well.
“We heard all about your fan incident at the palace,” Leo said to him. Leo couldn’t wait to tattle. “Good going! That mother of yours is pretty smart. Too bad you didn’t inherit any of her brains.”
He was teasing, Mac knew, and brushed it off good-naturedly.
“If I had her brains, as much as she likes to talk, I’d have my mouth going constantly, just like you, Leo,” Mac smiled, teasing him right back.
They went into the living room together and Mac noticed a visitor sitting on one of the sofas. He wondered who it was. The visitor stood slowly, with the assistance of two canes and walked, haltingly, over to Mac.
“Hello, Mac.”
The visitor stopped and transferred one of the canes to rest against his other arm. He held out his hand for Mac to shake, western style.
“You me prob know, right?”
His words seemed to take a while coming out and he said them slowly. Mac understood and shook his head indicating he did not know him.
“Jung-Ja,” was all the guy said.
It seemed to take a bit of effort for him to get that out.
“Hey, Jung-Ja!” Leo said from behind Mac. “How’s it going? They let you out of therapy, again?”
Leo slapped Jung-Ja on the back and pulled him into a hug. Jung-Ja smiled broadly.
“Y…yes,” Jung-Ja stuttered. “Escaped. Need to see ugly faces.”
Mac heard noises from upstairs and down the hall as others came to investigate. Ji Hu ran in and hugged Jung-Ja, as well. Shinwoo showed up a few seconds later and nodded, with his usual serious expression, to Jung-Ja. Mac assumed, since Jung-Ja got the nod, that Shinwoo was glad to see him.
By the end of July, Jung-Ja was a frequent visitor to the dorm. His recovery had exceeded all expectations. Giving tips to Mac on dance moves and how to better fit in to the lifestyle of the group, Jung-Ja didn’t seem to harbor any resentment that Mac had taken his place. Whenever Mac apologized to him, he brushed it off, saying, “No, Mac. You earned it.” By the beginning of August, he was talking almost normally. “Besides, you are glue, right now, that keep group together. They need you. I need you keep them going.”
And he meant it. He didn’t expect to return to the group, but he loved the guys and he liked Mac, the replacement, too, once he got to know him. Sure, it was sad to see them singing and dancing the way he did before the accident. It depressed him to know that he’d probably never do any of that, again. He had tried singing a bit, but his voice came out like broken glass, disappointing him even more. Now, he stuck to making sure the words came out correctly when he talked. Sometimes that didn’t work either and the words got mixed up, even though he thought they came out right.
Jung-Ja was haunted by his fears for the future. He didn’t know how far he’d be able to recover and what he would do once he reached that plateau. Everything going for him in his life only a few short months ago, his world had crashed down on him hard.
The band seemed to like Jung-Ja with them. They went out of their way to include him in their schedule as much as possible. He went with them to practice sessions, critiquing their vocals or dance. He helped them with their choreography on new routines, but was careful not to step in and try to run things. These visits were only temporary, he said to himself. He needed to move on with his life and figure things out. It depressed him more not knowing what direction he wanted to head. So, for the time being, he hung out with his old friends and tried to appear cheerful.
He also realized that sitting back and observing allowed him to see the group with a different perspective. It helped him to see the interactions of the members. Shinwoo isolated himself, as usual. Always a loner, Shinwoo continued this habit, not hanging out with anyone else, usually retreating to his room when the guys came back to the dorm. Jung-Ja, in his own months with the group, before the accident, never got to know Shinwoo in depth and it seemed like Shinwoo kept it that way on purpose, as far as Jung-Ja could tell, but Jung-Ja was grateful that it had been Shinwoo that had insisted he come visit the dorm.
Ji Hu could be immature at times, and talked way too much, but he was still younger than the rest of them, so that made sense. He could read Ji Hu like a book since the kid kept his emotions on his sleeve and never failed to voice his opinions, or talk about anything, really. It was also easy to judge the mood of the group by looking at Ji Hu. Jung-Ja frequently used Ji Hu as an emotional barometer, in that regard.
Leo was boisterous and cocky. It matched his British personality. Jung-Ja also noticed that Leo, of all of the rest of the group, seemed to have the closest connection with Mac, the new guy. The two of them could often be seen talking over a cup of coffee and tea in the kitchen. They always spoke in English to each other, which, Jung-Ja knew infuriated Min-Jun.
Ah yes, Min-Jun. He was a problem. He had always been a little bit less talented than the rest of the group, not bad, but just not as skilled as the others. While all of the rest could sing, dance, and play at least two instruments, Ji Hu could play four like an expert, Min-Jun could only play one, the drums, and he didn’t play those well at all. Min-Jun needed the most vocal lessons of the group. Heck, even Mac, the new guy already surpassed Min-Jun in vocal talent. Mac came up to speed in a matter of weeks and now sang all the songs, and all Jung-Ja's old parts, like an old hand. Mac even wrote songs and arranged the music for the group. Min-Jun didn’t. He never wrote, that Jung-Ja knew, and did not contribute to the discussions on the arrangements that Mac created, although all of the other three were very vocal about their parts. It was a shame because Min-Jun had the potential. If he could channel his anger, perhaps, into something productive, really work with the instrumental and vocal coaches or the dance instructor, Min-Jun might be really good, perhaps even better than Shinwoo. Instead, he wasted his time, still running with that gang, and threw away genuine offers of help. Jung-Ja had tried, many times, and still kept trying to get Min-Jun turned on the right track. It frustrated Jung-Ja that Min-Jun was such an idiot. The guy was smart, but he used his intelligence in totally the wrong way.
Jung-Ja did figure out, though, by the middle of August, what Shinwoo meant when he said, “You need to learn something.” By getting out and coming to the dorm, and now going to many of the practice sessions and giving advice, Jung-Ja was getting noticeably better. He could talk almost normally, now, and he could walk much better with the canes. It took only fifteen minutes to walk the two blocks to the bus stop, now, and he insisted on riding the bus over to the dorm or to the offices every day. It made him walk; it made him use his legs. Yes, he knew what Shinwoo meant him to learn. He had to learn how to live, again.


Chapter Twenty-Five: Min-Jun at Six Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

Six weeks with the new guy wrecking havoc in the group and Min-Jun was not feeling good about his plans for the future. He’d succeeded with Jung-Ja, but the managers only decided to hire a replacement instead of breaking up the group. He’d tried to get Mac to quit at the end of his two weeks, but that new guy was too lucky. All of the snafu’s Min-Jun put in place for Mac’s first concert ended up getting fixed at the last minute, or worse, enhancing Mac’s performance. The broken guitar string made Mac perform without it and the managers loved it.
“Arrgghhh! shit, crap, fuck it all to hell,” Min-Jun swore to himself, using some nasty English he had picked up. It was now time to push things up a notch. He got in touch with his gang boss, who devised a new plan to get rid of Mac. The boss said it would work without fail.
“No way is that guy, or the group going to survive. Get ready for your solo debut!” he was assured. All Min-Jun had to do was post a picture and caption on the internet and everything else would fall into place.
Last week he went back to Busan and visited the boss in the night club. The boss put him on stage and made him sing to the patrons that night. Everyone loved it except Min-Jun. It used to be fun to sing in the night club, but now that he performed with G5, the club reeked of tacky and cheap. The boss was nice to him, though, praising him for his performances and for the money that was rolling in for the gang. Never before had the boss experienced such a source of income. With the popularity of the group, the number of performances increased. With every performance, Min-Jun handed more and more money over to the boss. The boss was nice to Min-Jun because he wanted Min-Jun to bring in as much cash as possible. Up until now, Min-Jun, still loyal to the gang, never thought of doing anything otherwise. Besides, the boss was helping Min-Jun to get rid of the group. If the boss’s plan succeeded, then Min-Jun could back out of his contract and break out for his solo career.
On a whim, he decided to visit home, his mother and sister. It was late and Min-Jun arrived in a usual state, drunk and penniless. However, this time he hadn’t been fighting. His family had not seen him, nor talked with him since he won the audition and he never told them about it. He crashed on the floor, as he always did, but in the morning, the kicking never started. He slept on into the late afternoon. He finally awoke to the smell of cooking. His mother sat him at the table and fed him bean stew with rice. When he finished eating, he turned to her in amazement. He just couldn’t believe that she wasn’t berating him this time. What was different? He still smelled like alcohol and still crashed, at three in the morning, in the middle of the floor. True, his clothes were a lot nicer, but what else changed?
“You are doing something with your life other than that gang,” his mother said.
She held his face between her hands. Tears streamed down her face. “Make something of yourself before your gang swallows you. You are only young once. Use your time wisely. It was always the dream of your father that you did better than he, that you succeed in life. He drank himself to death when you were too young to remember. Now, you have a good job far away from that gang. Keep it and keep yourself far away from them. Do yourself good. Get away from that gang. Live your life with friends. Those in the gang are not your friends.” She finished her speech and sat back down.
Min-Jun didn’t really know what to say. His mother nodded her head towards his sister’s sleeping mat. Pinned on the wall above her mat, a large poster of G5 stared back at him. His mother knew all about his job.
Min-Jun got up, looked at his mother, and then searched in three or four of her hiding places for cash. He needed to get back to Seoul and he gambled all his money away last night.


Chapter Twenty-Six: Me at Seven Weeks of My Summer Vacation

With the car loaded down with gifts, Dan and I rode, gazing out at the countryside passing by us. Field after field went by of wheat, barley, or sometimes potatoes and beans. G5 had just performed in one of the cities of a province in the very south of Korea. Scheduled to fly out tomorrow, Dan would meet the entourage in the next city while they went on ahead. Now, we were on our way to visit my husband Sam’s family in their small village. Sam’s father was a farmer, actually still is a farmer, but Sam’s brother stepped up to take on the main responsibility as Sam’s father grew older. Originally a mechanical engineer, Sam’s father, upon retirement, came back to the family farm. At eighty, Sam’s father still worked out in the fields every day, along side his son. Sam’s mother often worked in the fields, too, in addition to helping to run the household, but recently she stepped down in favor of her daughter-in-law. Sam's mother now helped to manage the household compound making sure everyone was fed, clothed, and bathed.
Going to Sam’s house was something I had never done. Although I knew my in-laws very well, that was only from their visits to the U.S. They traveled several times, once for our marriage, and again when our daughter was young. They came when our daughter passed away, then they visited three times since we adopted Dan. Each time they visited, Sam purchased their tickets and arranged all their transportation to and from their house in the country to the airport. Sam’s parents were not wealthy. Quite the opposite. They verged on poor, but in their part of the country, they managed to make a comfortable living. They had a home and food, a farm to provide sustenance, some savings and many, many friends.
We arrived in the village and parked the car. Immediately, we were surrounded by village women, wanting to know why we were there. They were loud and curious, not seeing strangers very often. The driver asked for the house and was given directions. Not very far, the car drove slowly to the outskirts of the village.
“Look, Mom,” Dan said as he turned to peer through the back window of the car. “All those village ladies are right behind us!”
Sure enough, they were. Since the car traveled slowly, they had plenty of time to keep up. They waved at us and Dan, being friendly, waved back.
“I think we are the news for the day, Dan,” I said to him. “Guess what all those women will be talking about at the dinner table tonight?”
We pulled up to a gate and stopped, getting out of the car. The driver hailed the house, along with several of the women that followed us. The gate opened and Sam’s sister-in-law rushed out bowing and welcoming us with a broad smile. All the other women smiled and bowed too, as Sam’s sister-in-law explained our sudden appearance. They continued to hang around as each package was pulled out of the car and taken into the compound. As the driver and Dan unloaded, the ladies all exclaimed and guessed amongst themselves as to what a particular box or bag contained. Dan, having fun with them, started making announcements as he pulled each package out. The ladies sighed with delight and envy at all the goodies going into their neighbor’s house.
“5 Kilos of Dried Beef!” Dan shouted, holding up a bright green package.
“Ohhh!” All the ladies exclaimed.
“Brand new rice cooker!” shouted Dan. “Towels! New, fluffy, and snowy white!” he barked.
“Ahhh!” The ladies admired.
 “A giant package of dried seaweed!” Dan held up a shrink wrapped, enormous package. “Really green and straight from the sea!”
Having a lot of fun, he started singing his way through the packages, getting more and more elaborate with the descriptions until finally I put a stop to it. It was getting out of hand, no matter how hilarious the game.
“All right, Danny boy,” I said. “Time to stop the show. Why don’t you come into the house and meet your other relatives and let our driver do the rest of the unloading.”
“Awww!” All the ladies sighed in disappointment.
Their fodder for the evening gossip just went down several notches. Dan bowed to the ladies and disappeared inside with me.
The compound consisted of several buildings built in a large “U.” Each building, added on, at some point over the years, left the roof lines all different, going up or down, depending on the whim of the builder. In the middle of the compound anchored a large water trough and hand pump, and a wooden platform. The platform was used for anything from pounding laundry, sorting vegetables, to sitting upon and chatting at the end of the day. Each building had its own function, some were sleeping quarters, the kitchen, the living area, one housed the farm animals, and the last one, the biggest, contained the tractor. Off to one side of the compound stood the outhouse, chicken coop, and an enormous woodpile.
Dan and I were introduced to relatives we knew and those we had never met. We recognized Grandmother and Grandfather right away, as well as my sister and brother-in-law, Sam’s brother, his wife and his son, a few years younger than Dan, whom we all knew from visits to the States. Dan was glad to see his cousin, Dong Hu, and they immediately picked up from where they left off when Dong Hu was last in the States with his parents, even though that was two years ago. They teased each other on their accents, Dan giving Dong Hu a hard time about being a country bumpkin, and Dong Hu teasing Dan about not speaking proper Korean. It was, indeed, funny to listen to the different accents, since Sam’s family spoke with a decidedly southern bent that was very hard to understand. It was all in fun, and everyone joked with broad smiles on faces, happy to see each other. After the introductions, Dan and Dong Hu disappeared somewhere and didn’t show up until nearly dark.
I found out later that they went out in the fields, Dong Hu letting Dan drive the tractor. Both came back filthy, smeared with dirt and grime. Grandmother immediately smacked each one on the back of the head, yelling at them because they got so dirty. Dan grinned, looking like he never was so much at home, as he bowed and apologized repeatedly to his grandmother, Dong Hu doing the same. The two young men cleaned themselves at the pump in the middle of the compound, the only running water source, taking their shirts off and scrubbing each other’s backs and heads while Grandmother admonished them for having to be so shamefully naked in front of everyone.
Grandfather went to the fields, too, and watched Dan as Dong Hu let him drive the tractor around. Dan grew up since Grandfather saw him two years ago at his high school graduation. Although he was only a couple years older than Dong Hu, Dan seemed to be much older. Yet, as he watched the two, Dan was the same kind-hearted cousin as always. Whenever the family visited the States, Dan had always been good to Dong Hu, playing ball with him, taking him biking and hiking, and staying up late talking with him at night. They had formed a bond with Dan being the mentor for Dong Hu. Because it was so strong, and they kept in touch regularly, Grandfather was sure that it was the key reason Dong Hu never joined any gangs from the village. The pull of the gangs was strong in the village, as it was in most villages in the south. It was hard for Dong Hu, being, essentially, an outcast, but Grandfather knew that because of this, Dong Hu would be going on to a university to study. Otherwise, Dong Hu would probably be working the farm full-time and be immersed in a gang. Being a farmer wasn’t a bad career, Grandfather reasoned. After all, Dong Hu’s father was a farmer, but Dong Hu had the intelligence to go far in this world and Grandfather wanted to make sure he had the opportunity. Having Dan mentor Dong Hu was a blessing. Dan, now in his second year of college, told Dong Hu all about school. Dong Hu asked and Dan told and gave him advice. That was the way it had been since Dan joined the family. Grandfather realized that Dan exactly matched the Korean translation of his name, Dan was an arbiter, a person who is considered to be an authority on what is right, good, or proper. All right, sure, Dan was only a shorter version of his full name, but that meant nothing in Grandfather’s book. Whomever named Dan when he was born had unknowingly bestowed upon him the Korean name. It was fate.
As the two bounced off the tractor and into the fields, it pleased Grandfather to see Dong Hu pick up two long poles, a little taller than each young man. The two cousins parried back and forth with the poles, working up a sweat and enjoying their activity, shouting back and forth. Dong Hu practiced with the sword, Grandfather knew, and he could see that in the graceful swings of the pole. What Grandfather didn’t know and was surprised by was that Dan seemed as skilled at it as Dong Hu. The age difference didn’t really account for that, because Dong Hu had been taking sword lessons for a few years and was really quite good at it. In fact, Grandfather was proud of Dong Hu placing within the top three, always, in all the competitions. Dong Hu should have been beating Dan in every swing, by now. Yet, here the two were, swinging back and forth, the poles clacking as each thrust was parried. Perhaps Dong Hu is holding back because he does not want to embarrass his mentor, Grandfather thought. However, upon watching them at length, he could see Dong Hu was not holding back. Dan had learned some sword skills, too, at some point. It pleased Grandfather that both his grandsons were equally gifted in both mental and physical strengths. He left the field and the young men to their play, realizing more than ever, now, that his grandsons would survive. It didn’t matter at all that one had not a spec of the family genes in his blood. Both, as far as Grandfather was concerned, carried the family in their hearts and that meant more than any blood test.
Clean, and in fresh clothes Dan sat at the dinner table sandwiched between his grandparents. His grandmother picked pieces of meat and fish from various dishes and put it on top of Dan’s rice bowl, urging him to eat. Dan ate, but he didn’t go overboard. We had talked in the car on the way, and he knew not to eat too much, since they didn’t have a lot of food, to begin with. However, it was a fine line to walk. If he didn’t eat enough, he might shame his grandparents. He ate everything his grandmother put into his rice dish, then tried each other dish, complimenting the cook at each taste. I couldn’t have asked for a more polite son that night at dinner.
“So, Dan,” said his uncle, “what are you doing while your mother shops with your aunt in Seoul? Are you keeping busy?”
He did not know of Dan’s G5 job, and we were warned, of course, not to tell anyone.
“Yes. I’m very busy. I got a job at the business of a friend of Uncle’s and I’m working there for the summer. He is in the music and entertainment industry, so I’m helping him in those departments, getting whatever he needs done.”
Dan was purposefully being vague, but trying to give enough information so that there weren’t pointed questions to answer.
“The entertainment industry, you say?” his grandfather piped in. “You should have come here for the summer, instead. If we had known about your trip and your working in that whore house, we would have had you here, working the fields. Lord knows we could use the extra pair of hands.”
“Oh, Father, don’t say whore house!” My sister-in-law was horrified at her father-in-law’s comment. “It isn’t a whore house!”
“I say it is!” Grandfather slammed his fist down on the table. “When I see those girls on television in those tight, short skirts shimmying all over a stage, singing about how they want all the boys to look at them, all I think is whore house!”
“Father!” My sister-in-law was aghast.
“Oh shush!” Grandmother slapped Grandfather on the wrist. “Don’t make fun of Dan’s workplace. I see you drooling over those girls. You can’t wait to see them dancing. You run for the set on Thursday nights when K-pop comes on!”
While their household was on the verge of poor, they still had a television set.
Grandfather then smiled a wicked smile, stood up and started dancing and singing one of the G5 songs. Everyone laughed except Dan, who choked on his piece of fish. Grandmother pounded him on the back and Dong Hu asked Dan if, working in the K-Entertainment building, he had ever seen anyone from that G5 pop group.
“Wow, the way they move with those swords in their Joseon numbers is really fantastic!” Dong Hu commented, swinging his arms around like he was holding a sword.
“I agree,” Grandfather spoke. “Those young men must practice every day so they can be so good and win the hearts of all the girls!”
“Are you saying I’m a girl, Grandfather?” Dong Hu asked, accusingly.
“No. You are not a girl, but if you want to catch one, you better get practicing and studying!” Grandfather nodded over towards a chest against the wall.
Dong Hu hung his head and went to the chest. Opening it, he lifted out a long, antique sword.
“Wow!” Dan exclaimed, seeing the treasure. “That is an amazing sword! Where did it come from?”
“This,” Grandfather spoke, “has been in our family for generations. One of our ancestors was a royal scholar and carried this sword. It has been passed down through the family, and now we treasure it. Each son in our family learns to use the sword, as his ancestor intended. Dong Hu is practicing, now, so that one day he can wield it when he masters his studies. He may not have a king to defend but he will have his family to protect. However, as befitting our ancestor, Dong Hu must study first, and excel in those studies to inherit the sword. He’s working on that,” Grandfather scowled over at Dong Hu. Dong Hu hung his head down. “We actually have two swords. One belongs to your father, Dan, and the other one I passed down to your uncle. This one is your father’s. Would you like to hold it?”
Dan took the sword into his hands, feeling the weight and heft of it and pulled it slightly out of the scabbard, admiring the dragons and characters carved into the one-sided blade. At about four feet long, it was perfectly polished and sharpened and appeared in pristine condition, like the ancestor could walk through the door any minute and take it up. It gave Dan more appreciation for the military numbers they performed in their shows. These were adapted routines, Dan had learned, from the Haidong Gumdo, or Korean Way of the Sword, a martial arts school that stressed unification of the mind, body, and spirit as an expression through the use of the sword. There were different colored belt levels, just like taekwondo or karate. Most of the G5’s routines had them doing sword displays in unison, so Dan was learning the swings, slashes, and turns of the routines. He had just completed his first performance yesterday, in one number. It sounded easy to swing and slash, but it took weeks of practice to achieve unison with the other guys and the music, sing, and dance at the same time. He hoped, by the end of the summer to work up to both numbers they did in shows. The sword was heavy, being solid metal, and it also took muscle to heft it for the length of a performance. It was a part of the G5 training that he didn’t mind, at all. He enjoyed it and he might keep it up when he returned home. There were several Haidong Gumdo schools in the U.S., and he’d been thinking about seeing if there was one close by the university or home.
I observed my son as he carefully handled the sword. His eyes took on that historical glaze that I had seen often before. I was touched to see that he treated it with such reverence. He obviously understood the significance of being able to hold the blade. His Grandfather would not have let him hold it if there was any indication that Dan did not have the intelligence that befitted the tradition.
“Perhaps, one day,” Grandfather carefully took the sword back and wrapped it in its protective cloth, “your father will pass this sword on to you. It is his decision when that time is right. I passed the sword to him when he was in his twenties. He had just completed his PhD and earned his scholar status and the right to own the sword.”
I heard Dan say to his grandfather, “I hope to, one day, earn that right, as well.” He frowned at his grandfather. “But I'm not sure I deserve that right.”
Puzzled, Grandfather sighed and said, “Why do you say that, Dan? Do you think, only a Korean by birth can inherit the sword?”
I saw a surprise appear on Dan’s face.
Grandfather continued, nodding at Dan. “Just because you do not look like the rest of us on the outside does not mean you are not one of us on the inside. It is what dwells in your heart that counts, not what God put on your face.”
Grandfather was very wise, I thought. The moment having gotten serious and quiet in the house, it was broken by Grandmother.
“That’s all good and nice,” she said, “but without proper sleep no one’s heart will function, or face will be handsome. Off to bed you go, old man. It has been a long day for you and you are very ugly.”
She tugged Grandfather’s arm and he shuffled off to his sleeping quarters, after bidding everyone a good night.
Because sleeping space was limited, everyone had been rearranged for the night. All the men were assigned to one room, and the women to another. I was sharing a sleeping space with Grandmother and my sister-in-law. Next door, Dan would be sleeping with Dong Hu, Grandfather, and his uncle. It would be tight in that room. After meeting Dan on the path to the outhouse and warning him not to stay up too late, I retired for the night, sharing a comforter with my sister-in-law.
I woke sometime later, in the middle of the night. I heard an unfamiliar sound, but I wasn’t sure where it came from. I lay awake for a few minutes, listening. There were many unfamiliar sounds in this compound and I could pick out some of them. I heard the pigs grunting in their sleep in the barn on the other side of the wall. The wind picked up the chimes on the corner of the roof of the living quarters and they tinkled, then I heard soft voices outside. I slipped out from the comforter and silently ducked out of the doorway. It was chilly. I could see my breath as I exhaled. The sky was inky black with beautiful pinpoints of stars shining through. It was amazing how much brighter the night sky was in the country. A bit distracted by this sight, I was pulled back by the low voices.
Sitting on the platform next to the water pump, in the middle of the compound, two figures huddled, wrapped in their comforters. They gazed up at the sky, as well, and talked softly. I crept forward and, feeling guilty, eavesdropped.
 “They are so beautiful. It is amazing how many stars there are and how brilliant they shine, out here in the country. In Seoul, the night sky is mostly hidden by the lights of the city and sometimes by smog.” That was Dan’s voice. After a short silence, I heard him say, “You really should go to bed, Grandfather. I’ll come a little later, when I’m ready. I think I’ll gaze at the stars some more, while I have the opportunity.”
“Dan,” Grandfather said. “When you get to be my age, and I sincerely hope you do someday, you’ll find out that sleep is a thing of the past. Many older people, like me, don’t sleep in long stretches that much. We take catnaps all day long.” Then Grandfather chuckled to himself and was silent for a stretch. After a minute, I heard, “Now, tell me what is troubling you so much that you can’t sleep through the night without nightmares.”
“Sorry about that,” I heard Dan tell him. “I didn’t mean to wake you. I shouldn't have shouted. Sometimes it just comes out.”
“I know,” Grandfather said. “But when you cried out, it could have waken the dead. Good thing your uncle and Dong Hu have too much wax in their ears. Tell me.” He put his hand on Dan’s arm.
Dan sighed. There was silence for a bit. I was more than curious and moved closer, careful not to make a sound.
Grandfather finally spoke again, “She haunts you, doesn’t she?”
Dan gasped. “How did you know?”
“You called her name when you shouted,” Grandfather said. “I guessed that it was she that disturbs your sleep.”
“I can’t seem to stop it,” Dan said. “She’s coming more and more, now, almost every time I try to sleep. I see her probably four or five nights a week. I’ve taken to sleeping in short bursts, now, so I can’t dream. She always comes when I dream. The only time she doesn’t come is when I’m too exhausted.”
Who was this she that Dan was talking about?
“Tell me,” Grandfather said. “Does she want to hurt you?”
“I don’t think so. When she gazes at me with her eyes, it triggers something in me. It isn’t frightening, but it wakes me up because it disturbs me so much.”
Dan talked to the older man with such frankness. I wished he opened up like that to me. I wanted so much to take him in my arms and hold him.
“Then,” Grandfather said, “you must find out why she does this and you are disturbed.”
“But how?” Dan asked.
“Ask her,” Grandfather answered. “Until you do that, Mallory will not let you rest. Come, there are still a few hours left in the night. Let’s see if you can get in a short sleep before morning.”
Dan nodded, and they retreated to their sleeping quarters.
Did I hear correctly? Mallory was haunting Dan? How could that be? Mallory had been dead for eleven years. Had she been haunting Dan’s dreams for all those years? I thought about Dan’s problems with sleeping and knew he had been having trouble for the last ten years. I immediately felt guilty having let it go on so long without resolving it. If only I had known! But, what if I knew? Wouldn’t I have hauled Dan off to the nearest doctor to have his head examined? Wait, I did that, already, so I shouldn’t feel guilty, I admonished myself. Still, if I had only known. But, yet again, there wasn’t anything I could do, even knowing. I just would have worried even more. Dan had figured out his own sleeping solution, over the years, and it seemed to work for him. I had to give him credit for being more mature about it than I was being right now.
Dan can see Mallory? I would give anything to trade places with him. To be able to see her, after eleven years, when I missed her so much. I wondered how she appeared in Dan’s dreams. Was she still a little girl, or had she grown, with time, like Dan? I was jealous, I admitted to myself, that Mallory chose Dan to visit, and she did not show herself to me even once. I went back to my sleeping mat and crawled under the covers next to my sister-in-law. She shivered in her sleep as the cold in my body dropped the temperature under the comforter. I couldn’t sleep the rest of the night and lay awake thinking of Mallory.
In the morning, the driver returned, and we bid our country relatives good-bye. There were tears and hugs all around. Dan and I slipped into the back seat of the car and we were off to the airport. I returned to Seoul, and Dan joined his group on their South Korean tour. I didn’t say anything about what I heard between Dan and his grandfather. I did not want to betray that I had eavesdropped, and I wanted Dan to be the one to tell me, when he was ready. Obviously, after eleven years he still wasn’t ready.


Chapter Twenty-Seven: Leo at Seven Weeks of Mac's Summer Job

The oversized bus ran smoothly down the highway on its way to the next stop for G5’s tour of South Korea. Nearly finished with the tour, one more stop and the group would be on their way back to Seoul. The rear third of the bus was partitioned off for the G5 members and a few of their managers while the support staff and orchestra took up most of the front of the bus.
The company toured with most everything that the band needed so that each performance was consistent. The orchestra was small, only fifteen members, but most of them played several instruments. Some songs needed violins, and others electric guitars, so the orchestra was flexible in providing whatever sounds the band required. In the martial arts numbers, one member played the gayageum, a long zither-like instrument with twelve strings, although the number of strings could vary to as much as twenty five for some gayageums. While seated on the floor, the player usually placed the instrument partially in the lap or across bended knees. The player plucked the strings with the right hand and the left hand moved along the strings to produce different sounds and pitches. Another played the haeguem, an ancient fiddle-type instrument. With two silk strings, it was stroked with a bow, and held vertically. The last ancient instrument that they used for their performances was a daeguem, which was, essentially, a bamboo flute. There were three orchestra members that switched from more modern instruments to these antique instruments when it came time for the martial arts performances, eliminating the need to hire three separate musicians for the band. However, none was a specialist on the antique instruments. All three were much better on their modern instruments. They had been hastily trained on their antique instruments when Jung-Ja composed the music and Shinwoo presented it to the management, proposing the new numbers to add depth to their performances. It was a very hard sell to the management. It meant totally new training for the G5 members, outside of their normal dance routines. They had to learn to dance with long swords and bulky, layered costumes, while singing, no mean feat. Shinwoo’s art of persuasion to the management wore them down, finally, and they agreed to try the new numbers. In exchange, if the numbers didn’t work, the management had the promise that the band would add more, what Shinwoo called “teen delight” music.
The band worked for four months, training with the swords, then adding the music and singing, and finally, doing all the numbers in costume, day after day until their arms were sore and their throats were dry. At the end of four months, they performed their new numbers for the first time in front of a live audience. There were two numbers per concert, usually, with the ancient instruments. The first routine used the old instruments only, mixed with the band’s voices, and they danced in more traditional martial arts style. It was totally unlike the modern pop music they completed earlier in the concert. During that first performance with the swords, the audience was unsure what to think. While the music was certainly pop that they were singing, the instruments were old and the two blended together to make a totally new sound. After the first number, they went into the second. The second number added more of the orchestra using modern instruments, including an electric guitar. Their movements, as well, were now more up-to-date with the new number, but still using the swords. They sang their pop music, twirled in their costumes, and performed their piece. At the end of that very first performance, when they stood on stage, their outer garments swirling to a stop, there was silence from the audience. Shinwoo looked at Jung-Ja. Both had heavy hearts. They had believed in this new change. Everyone had worked hard for these new numbers. It gave their performance such additional depth. No one in the audience liked it? While the silence only stretched a few seconds, to Shinwoo and Jung-Ja it seemed to last an eternity. Suddenly, the crowd erupted standing in ovation, the two of them were totally unprepared and amazed. They came backstage with huge grins on their faces. It was like Christmas to Jung-Ja and they had been given the most amazing present of audience appreciation. It was also the trigger that propelled them up to top stars. Because of their difference from other pop groups, they quickly gained notice from the entertainment industry and the population, in general. People loved the mix of their heritage, where their culture had been, and modern pop music, where their culture was today.
They continued to keep the historical instruments and dances in their concerts as they toured South Korea, receiving acclaim as more and more of the country got to see their performances. While most of the reviews were positive, praising their inventiveness, some reviews tended toward the negative, criticizing the quality of their orchestra. Playing historical instruments was a profession, parallel to the pop music, but on a much smaller scale. Musicians devoted their whole lives to studying the ancient instruments and playing them. While it was all right to start out by having their orchestra players do double duty on the ancient instruments, in the long term, the critics said they needed to hire professional players and let the orchestra stick to their own modern instruments. The management took all these reviews, positive and negative, seriously. The reviews, and the fan site were two of their biggest tools that they used to be able to determine how their performers were doing. As the bus rode along the highway, the managers on tour with the band discussed the reviews with their higher level management back in Seoul, trying to determine how best to move forward to keep their number one band at the top.
In the rear of the bus, the G5 members slept, used their computers, or listened to music. There wasn’t much else to do on the ride between cities. Leo sat in an aisle seat with his ear buds in, not really listening to the music. He was thinking about his date with Doo Ri. They had a great time doing karaoke that one Sunday. When Leo said good night to Doo Ri, he had every intention to call her for another date. Unfortunately, fate did not fare well with the two of them. When Leo was free, Doo Ri was not. When Doo Ri had an open afternoon, Leo had an appearance scheduled. While the band was away on tour, Leo texted Doo Ri, but no dates were possible. Doo Ri couldn’t come to him because she had her own job that demanded her time and she had practice. Leo’s text messages became less and less frequent and Doo Ri resigned herself to the fact that they just weren’t meant to be together. It was fun, that first date, but they had not managed another since and too much time had elapsed. Leo was just texting her as a courtesy. On the other end, Leo liked Doo Ri very much, but, so far, they had only managed one date. He wanted to keep in touch with her in case they had a chance to go out, but as more time went by, her replies to his text messages were becoming rote. She was loosing interest in him, he decided.
It didn’t help that he checked his phone constantly for messages. He tried to be discrete, but the other band members began to notice. Finally, Shinwoo had enough of Leo peeking at his phone. It was going in and out of his pocket constantly. The guy was going to rub a hole in his pocket, soon, Shinwoo was sure. From his seat, he could see Leo checking for something every few minutes.
“Enough!” Shinwoo shouted and stood up causing the entire bus to look at him. He walked up the aisle and grabbed Leo’s cell phone, just as it was coming out of his pocket. “Leo, what or who are you waiting on? You are about to wear out your pocket, your phone, and you are wearing my patience.”
Shinwoo sat down next to Leo and scrolled through Leo’s phone, viewing the old messages.
“Hmm…Miss Beautiful?” Shinwoo noticed that all the old messages, with a few minor exceptions, were from or sent to someone called Miss Beautiful. “Who is Miss Beautiful? Is that who you are waiting on?”
Leo made a grab for his phone, but Shinwoo held it out in the aisle, just beyond his grasp.
“Miss Beautiful?” Ji Hu perked up and leaned over the seat joining the conversation.
Mac woke from a short nap, across the aisle from Leo. He grabbed the phone from Shinwoo’s outstretched hand and scrolled through the messages.
“Oh Leo, your eyes are so beautiful, like groves of forest trees speckled with moss,” Mac read. “Oh Leo!” Mac batted his eyes at Leo. Everyone laughed. “You two actually say things like that to each other? Wait a minute, is this Doo Ri?”
Leo stood and lunged for his phone, trying to grab it from Mac. Mac tossed it to Ji Hu and Shinwoo snatched it, again. Even Shinwoo, the Ice General, smiled, now.
“Guys, please.” Leo slumped down in the seat next to Mac. He was starting to blush. All three of the guys waited for an answer.
“Oh, all right. It is Doo Ri,” Leo sighed.
Mac said, “Knew it. Cool. She’s cute.”
“Yes. She’s cute, but I can’t get enough of her. That’s the problem. Literally,” Leo said to the three while they all smiled at him. “We’re on tour, so there’s no time. When we get back, we’re always working, practicing, doing appearances, or I’ve got coaching, so there’s no time. I heard we might go to Japan, too. There will be no time.” He sighed, again. “I’m loosing her because I have no time. When I do have time, she doesn’t.” He pointed to the last three text messages. “I mean, look at these replies that I’ve gotten these past three days. They are pathetic. She’s loosing interest. I’m telling you, I’m scared she will be gone when I get back.”
“Ugh. Hyung. Not a good thing.” Ji Hu sympathized with his buddy. “You’re right about no time. We, all of us, are working almost constantly and it doesn’t help that we’re not in Seoul, now.”
“Leo, just stop scrolling for a message every five minutes.” Shinwoo handed Leo back his phone. “So you like this girl, right? “Courage is fear holding on a minute longer,” per Mac’s American General Patton. Have courage to take the next step and search for a way. Don’t let your fear of her leaving scare you. Obviously, text messaging is not the right way. Let’s talk. We’ll figure it out.”
Everyone stared at Shinwoo like he had grown three heads. It was highly unusual for Shinwoo to invite conversation. He did have a way, though, of looking at all situations in a logical fashion and figuring out a solution. It was Shinwoo that had gotten Leo out of the subway after he placed seventh in the Nationals competition. Leo respected Shinwoo, and for that reason, he followed Shinwoo to the rear of the bus to talk things over with him while they traveled to the next stop on their tour. The two of them would figure something out, he was confident. He suddenly felt a lot better.


Chapter Twenty-Eight: Mac at Eight Weeks of His Summer Job

Eight weeks into the summer job things were going smoothly. Every concert was basically the same numbers with a few switches for variety. Mac had learned all the pieces by now, and was expected to perform them all, unlike the first few concerts when he only did half, and then with mistakes. The managers released his solo that he recorded and it was doing great on the charts, to his surprise. It hit top 40 in only three weeks and was still sitting there, somewhere. Last week, he recorded another song, with the rest of the group doing his backup vocals. It was the one that he called, “Because you’re shy.” It was about a girl Mac saw in one of his classes in college. She was sweet, but didn’t really know it. She wore glasses, kept pushing them up her nose when they slipped down, and she would twine her fingers around a strand of hair near her forehead. She seemed pretty shy because she never really talked to the other guys in the class. Engineering classes tended not to have many girls, and those they did have usually weren’t anywhere near cute. Anyway, it was a fun song to sing and people used to like to clap along to the refrain when Mac sang it in the coffee house. He translated some of it into Korean and had it rearranged for more vocals and instruments and the manager had everyone record it. That song was now on the charts, as well, even though it was only out a few days. The managers were pleased, but all of G5’s songs hit the billboards, now, anyway. The fact that Mac’s songs hit the top 40 made him feel wonderful, but it wasn’t such a big deal to the other guys.
That night, when everyone got back to the dorm champagne was waiting.
“This is for Mac,” one of the managers exclaimed in an excited voice. “Your song, “Because you’re shy” topped at number one today!” When Mac appeared puzzled, they added, “Ten days to hit number one is a new record.”
This was a big deal, Mac guessed, the way all the managers were so happy. Most of the guys were happy, too, except Shinwoo who never showed much emotion, and Min-Jun, who appeared menacing.
Everyone drank a glass or two and offered congratulations then eventually left or went off to bed. Mac put in his ear buds and sank onto the living room sofa. One lamp on the other side of the room left him in the shadows. He was too tired to move, his brain feeling fuzzy with a little bit too much champagne, but not tired enough to sleep. With Mallory visiting his dreams lately, it would take another hour or maybe two before he would be tired enough to go to sleep. This time, he was listening to a program about the the U.S. Civil War at Gettysburg. It was gory, but interesting. Mac liked listening to history. He had been to Gettysburg several times and could picture the fields and hills that the program emphasized. They were talking about artillery and booming cannons thundered in the background. The narrator told about the different types of artillery used by different units when Mac heard what he thought was a cannon, at first, softly, in the background. No, wait, it wasn’t a cannon. That was a door closing. It was 2:30 in the morning. He just heard someone’s door close. He didn’t move a muscle, sitting there in the shadows.
A figure silently walked by the living room, only a few feet away from him. The door to the studio opened, the light went on, and the door closed, putting Mac back in the shadows. His culprit was at work.
He stayed where he sat, not wanting to risk discovery. When the culprit opened the studio door, again, Mac resisted the urge to duck, bathed in the light from the door, quite clearly. However, the light quickly went out and the studio door closed. The culprit walked past him, again, not indicating that he had seen Mac on the sofa. After he passed, Mac followed silently down the hallway to the bedrooms and watched. The culprit paused at Mac’s door, listening, then moved past and down the hallway. Mac saw one of the doors open and close. He knew the culprit, now.
The question was, should he confront him? While he had left a lot of trash in the studio, the last time he left Mac that cupcake. He pondered this question and decided to wait. What was the reason for the switch from garbage to sweets? Would it be garbage next or sweets, or nothing? Mac knew who it was, now, so if he got garbage, he could confront the culprit, but why turn down free sweets if the guy was giving them to Mac? Why was this guy doing it, anyway? There was a reason behind the trash and cupcake. It was driving Mac as crazy as before, only this time he focused on the why, and not the who.


Chapter Twenty-Nine: Jung-Ja at Eight Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

Jung-Ja had been to the dorm, now, several times since Mac joined the group. He took the bus, as usual, up to the dorm this afternoon, planning on going out with a couple of the guys later for dinner. He was looking forward to seeing them. They had all settled in with Mac and things seemed to be working out well, with him in the group. Jung-Ja spent more than a few days a week over at the office in the practice rooms, coaching Mac through the dance numbers. If Jung-Ja couldn’t actually dance the numbers, at least he could describe to Mac what needed to be done.
“No, No, No,” he said in yesterday’s session. “Extend arms more and thrust chest out, Mac. Look in mirror at other guys when dance they.”
He stuck one of his canes out at the end of his arm and swung his torso forward, up and out. Even with his walking aides, Jung-Ja still looked graceful when he danced.
“Jung-Ja’s right,” Shinwoo said. “Again!”
Jung-Ja smiled when he thought about it. He should have been a dance instructor, but these darn canes sure got in the way. Now, waiting for the guys to get back, he relaxed on the sofa in the living room. He thought he was the first to leave the office, ahead of the group, but he had taken the bus, whereas they had their own transportation. They decided to clean up in the locker room at the office instead of at the dorm, so it surprised him to hear clicking from down the hallway. Apparently, someone made it back to the dorm already. He heaved himself up, grabbed his canes, and went to investigate. He wasn’t exactly quiet, having to shuffle with the canes, but they had rubber tips, so they didn’t make much noise on the hallway floor as he forced his legs to move.
Going by a few bedrooms, he came to Min-Jun’s and found him seated at his desk, his back to the door. Jung-Ja could hear him talking on the phone. He paused, at the doorway, feeling that he shouldn’t interrupt while Min-Jun talked.
“Yeah. I got it,” Min-Jun said to the other party. “I should post it where? Right…Yeah, probably within the next couple of days…Thanks…No, I don’t get paid until after the next concert, why…Yeah, I heard you, but I can’t make any more unless we do more concerts.”
With that, Min-Jun hung up.
“Hey, Min-Jun,” Jung-Ja said.
“Oh,” Min-Jun grunted, quickly closing the lid of his laptop. “What do you want?”
“Heard someone in dorm and see who was back, first,” Jung-Ja smiled at him. “Nice work at practice today.”
“Oh.” Min-Jun didn’t want Jung-Ja hanging around.
“Have more friends than realize, if want them,” Jung-Ja said, still smiling. “Don’t have to be like you are.” The two of them looked at each other for a minute. “Just keep in mind. See you.”
Jung-Ja swung around and headed back to the living room, sounds of the other guys returning to the dorm echoing down the hallway ahead of him. He was certain what he saw on Min-Jun’s laptop, but didn’t really know what to think of it.
Shinwoo entered the dorm followed by one of the managers. They argued about something. Jung-Ja caught the tail end of it.
“No.” Shinwoo said, brief as usual. “The way to move forward is to book internationally, and I’m talking about more than just Japan. Yes, Japan is a good start, but we’ve got to move forward. Book Europe or the States after that. Mac can take it. I have a plan worked out. We need to discuss it in greater detail and get it finalized.”
Jung-Ja was amazed. Shinwoo rarely spoke more than a couple of words unless it was important. It sounded like Shinwoo was better at being a manager than the manager. But, then again, it made sense, the way Shinwoo directed everything the group did, from how many practices they had to how long. It was Shinwoo, even today, that made the group do the number multiple times, even if he only said, “again” over and over.
Jung-Ja smiled, amused by his thoughts. I should have been a dance instructor, but Shinwoo should have been a manager. No, better yet, Shinwoo should have been a general.


Chapter Thirty: Mac at Nine Weeks of His Summer Job

Leo glanced over the schedule for the weekend as Mac came downstairs that morning appearing like he barely slept, which was exactly the case. Having been up for most of the night after completing two performances yesterday, Mac needed sleep badly, but Mallory kept interrupting and things were getting much worse with her. Last night’s dream where she appeared to him at his aunt’s house really haunted him. It wasn’t the same as the first day he had arrived in Seoul, when she giggled from behind a chair. It was much worse. It still lingered with him, knowing it was his day off and he was going to his aunt’s house soon. The dream was so real, he almost expected to see her in his bedroom there tonight. It was the worst he had seen Mallory in his dreams, ever. It frightened him.
Mac sat down at the kitchen table and a cup of black coffee, in his extra large, favorite mug that had “Shut up!” printed on the side, appeared in front of him.
“Someone ordered a quadruple espresso with a shot of espresso?” Leo sat down at the table across from Mac. “What’s wrong with you, Brother?”
Whenever they were together, just the two of them, Leo always spoke in English. “You look bloody awful. Didn’t you sleep at all last night?”
Mac rubbed his hands across his face and eyes, trying to wipe the dream away. Mallory still floated in front of him and it was difficult to shake her image. He needed to let it pass, and was trying. Why did it bother him so much? Why couldn’t he stop these dreams?
“I slept…sort of,” he answered.
“Uh huh,” Leo said. “Another bad dream, then, it seems.” Leo had wormed it out of Mac, previously, that he had nightmares. “Look, you need to talk to someone about these. You can’t just keep going on like you have. If you don’t get a solution, you’re going to loose it soon.” He was truly concerned. “We’re supposed to go to Japan on Wednesday and start a tour there. You’ll not be able to make it if you don’t start sleeping well.” He paused. “I mean you physically won’t be able to make it. Mentally you aren’t there, anymore, anyway. You’re like a zombie.”
He looked at Mac while Mac stared into his coffee, not moving. Finally Mac raised his head.
“I’ve got to work this out myself,” he said. “You know, I’ve been dealing with these dreams for years. I’ve had bad times when I’ve had less sleep. It will catch up with me soon and I’ll crash enough to get rested.” Mac was trying to convince himself as well as Leo. “I’m supposed to go home today, so I’ll talk with my mom and see if she can help.”
“Look, Mac,” Leo leaned in and grabbed Mac's wrist, speaking harshly. “Don’t lie to me. I know you’ll not speak to your mum. If you don’t ask for help soon then I’m going to get it for you.”
Mac looked up at Leo with alarm. “Don’t do that Leo. You don’t know me and I do. I’ve been through all that before. It won’t help. It will just make things worse.”
“Mac, we need you at 100% for this group to work. The other guys want to break up and go their separate ways. I don’t want that to happen, yet. My dream, when I came on, was just starting and I want to continue until I’ve worked it through. I don’t want it to go away. Min-Jun seems to be more than eager to go solo. Ji Hu is on the fence. Who knows where Shinwoo is because he never talks to anyone. You’ll be gone in a month, back to school, so I need this to work for this next month. I need this to go smoothly so that the other three guys want to keep the group together,” Leo pleaded. “If you can’t perform well, then it will give the other guys more ammunition to shut the group down. If you get some sleep and get back in the game with the routines, then I have a chance to convince them to keep the group.”
Leo sighed then added, “If the group shuts down, I’m not ready to get shipped of to England to university. I need at least until the end of the year to be able to tell if I’m going to make it to the National team in January. I don’t want to start over with another job, now, and I’m probably not ready to go solo, either. Shinwoo could go solo right now and not bat an eye. I’m not Shinwoo, though.”
The two of them sat staring down at the table, Leo mad, Mac sorry.
“I’ll do my best, Leo,” Mac said, quietly. He picked up his coffee and gulped it down.
Min-Jun walked into the kitchen and sneered at the two of them at the table.
“What are you two talking about in your secret language?”
Min-Jun couldn’t have understood them, since he only remembered a few words and phrases of English.
“It isn’t our secret language,” Leo said to him in Korean. “You would know if you studied English like the managers want you to do.”
Leo was mad at Mac and now taking it out on Min-Jun. He slammed back his chair from the table and stood up facing Min-Jun.
“Hold on you two.” Mac, his coffee starting to kick in, held up his hands, palms outward. “Let’s not have a fight. It is way to early in the morning for that and I’ve got to go home today. I can’t have cat scratches on my pretty face for my mother to see, you know?”
He tried to quell the mood by introducing a little humor. He was desperate to get things back to normal so Leo would forget about the nightmares and let him handle it.
“Ah yes, that pretty face of yours.” Min-Jun patted Mac’s cheek. “It is amazing what you get away with out in public when you are in your pretty, flower-boy disguise.”
The sarcasm dripped off of Min-Jun.
Mac grabbed Min-Jun's hand in mid-pat and stopped him. That did it. He’d had enough of people pushing him this morning. First Leo tried to get on his case, albeit nicely, about his sleep, and he was ticked off not having had much, and now Min-Jun had to push him, too. He should have just walked out of the kitchen, but this was not the first time Min-Jun had angered him. He’d had enough. Mac jumped up from the table and twisted Min-Jun’s arm around his back, pushing him into the counter.
“Look,” Mac snarled into Min-Jun’s ear. “If it weren’t for me this group would be dead already, I—”
“No.” One word, softly, but firmly, came from the kitchen doorway. One word with such authority Mac dropped the arm and backed away at once, turning to face the speaker. Shinwoo stood there with his arms crossed glaring at the three of them.
“Leo, Min-Jun out.”
Shinwoo flicked his head indicating that two should exit, pronto. Min-Jun shoved Mac back to the table and left. Leo followed, glancing back at Mac and Shinwoo.
Shinwoo had never talked much to Mac in all the weeks that he had been with the group. Shinwoo never talked much with anyone, for that matter. When he did talk, though, everyone listened. He was definitely the authority figure in the dorm.
“Sit.”
Shinwoo indicated to Mac to sit down at the table. He then took Mac’s coffee cup and refilled it, setting it back down in front of him. He took his time pouring a cup of green tea and joined Mac at the table. After sipping slowly a few times, Shinwoo finally spoke.
“We don’t need any show of macho in this house. There’s enough testosterone here for five houses,” Shinwoo said. “Min-Jun’s been hard on you, I know, but you need to control yourself.”
When Mac opened his mouth to speak, Shinwoo silenced him with his hand.
“Don’t talk. Listen.” Shinwoo cut Mac off before he could speak.
“It is hard on all of us, right now. We’re not sure where we are going, yet, with this group,” Shinwoo said. “Yes, you are right that you and your music are holding us together.”
Mac was a bit surprised then regretted what he had been about to say when Shinwoo entered the kitchen.
“I really didn’t mean that.” Mac tried to apologize.
“No. It is true,” Shinwoo admitted. “I haven’t created a good song in weeks. You have some nice music that you have shared with us and we ought to thank you, but instead, we give you a hard time. Well, some of us give you a hard time. I’m sorry.” Shinwoo paused and took another sip of tea.
“Still, your music would not be anywhere as good without our vocals, so you can almost call us even, in that regard,” Shinwoo continued. “Now, I want to know what’s going on with you. You look like shit most of the time, now.”
He stopped for a moment waiting for Mac to respond. When Mac said nothing Shinwoo continued. “I could ask Leo, I suppose, but I am asking you. I hope you can be honest with me.”
After a long silence, Mac sighed, and told Shinwoo about his nightmares. It sounded a bit foolish telling him that he, as a grown man, had nightmares, like he was a little kid. Shinwoo nodded his head as Mac explained the problem and also told him that he’d tried help in more ways than one and nothing had seemed to work, so far.
Shinwoo took all that in, asked a few more questions, then said back to Mac, “I may not be the one to counsel you. I am certainly no doctor of psychology or medicine. However, I would like you to try, when you get desperate enough to find a solution, one last option.”
“I don’t think it will work, but I will try it if it sounds reasonable.”
Mac had nothing more to say and started to rise from the table.
Shinwoo held up his hand for Mac to stay. “You’ve got to try to take better care of yourself. If you can’t sleep for long periods, then take short naps, as many as you can. Set your alarm for twenty minutes and rest before you go home.” Shinwoo looked at his watch. “You’ve got that much time before the makeup artist shows up, if you’re not too amped on caffeine. If you don’t want to set your alarm, then I can wake you. Just ask. Maybe the short sleep sessions will help.” Shinwoo paused, again, for a moment, contemplating something. “And, if you need to talk again, come knock on my door rather than knocking on Min-Jun.”
Mac was shocked that Shinwoo offered to help, since he’d been so standoffish since they met.
“And no,” continued Shinwoo. “I don’t detest you.”
How did Shinwoo know exactly what Mac was thinking?
“I just happen not to like the color blue,” he said, staring Mac in the eyes, a hint of a smile in the corner of his mouth. As Mac moved to the door, Shinwoo added, “Call me if you need me. Enough said.”
After taking that twenty minutes of down time that Shinwoo suggested, Mac showered and dressed for the job. He grabbed his street clothes and shoved them into his backpack, perched his sunglasses on his nose and waited for the makeup artist to arrive. Per his contract, he had to have his working makeup applied before he could leave the house, even if it didn’t show up well behind his working attire, wrap-around sunglasses. Fans tended to grab at anything, and if they got his glasses, he needed to make sure that his face didn’t give him away. After that, he hopped into the van and was off to the entertainment building to change clothes and wash off his makeup. He was free to go out and meet his family, better rested now, even with so little sleep. The twenty minute plan of Shinwoo’s had worked, somewhat.
He waited for his aunt’s limo, just inside the doors of the entertainment offices. Fans outside, as always, scanned each vehicle as it entered the circular drive in front of the building. Seeing the limo arrive, Mac ducked out and into the crowd, pushing his way through without the assistance of any security. He knew, should any problems arise, they were watching from the building and would jump to help, but it was also the plan not to have security help him exit the building. If they accompanied him as he exited, then the fans might put two and two together and figure out his identity. If it was just him, then he was, for all intents, saying he was a nobody and the crowd paid little attention. He also knew security would follow, discretely, and tail him where ever he went. He was free, today, and wouldn’t be returning until tomorrow morning when he would push his way back through the crowd to get inside the office. Luckily, it was Sunday morning, so the fans outside the office were not as many as usual.
His two cousins were waiting in the limo when he ducked inside. “We’re going on a picnic today, Oppa!” they broadcast. “Mother said we could take you to the park and later and ride the cable car up to the Namsan tower to see the city lights after dark.”
Namsan park was a popular spot for hiking and sight seeing, especially on a Sunday. The family had been to other parks around the city on other days, but Mac had never been to this one, yet. He’d wanted to go up in the tower ever since he knew he’d be coming to Seoul. The views were supposed to be fantastic on clear nights, and tonight was forecast to be clear and relatively smog-free.
“First we have to go to church, though,” they both frowned. “I hate all that organ music and praying,” one of them said. “Yeah,” the other chipped in. “I wish we could skip a Sunday once in a while. Thank goodness we don’t have Sunday school anymore.”
Mac smiled at the two of them. Worrying about church being boring, when it was rare that they had to spend more than an hour there, was silly. Still, they were only fourteen and had a lot of growing up to do. He didn’t mind church. Even though it was the scene of one of his nightmares, church was soothing to him. It gave him a chance to reflect on himself, the past week, and what was coming. It was like recharging his batteries. The structure of repetitious prayers and ceremony, done nearly the same each week, helped him calm down.
The limo dropped them at the church where they met up with Mac’s mother, aunt and uncle. After greetings all around, they entered and slipped into a pew. Lost in his thoughts, the hour passed quickly for Mac. He went over the past week, and his fight today with Min-Jun. What was with that guy, anyway? Why did Min-Jun dislike him so much? Mac felt relief, again, that Shinwoo was really on his side. He was amazed that Shinwoo wanted to help him. He needed to find out more about Shinwoo, because he realized that he knew next to nothing. Shinwoo was also not one to volunteer any information. Mac couldn’t remember Shinwoo ever talking about his past or his family, whereas Leo and Ji Hu held nothing back. Mac had even met Leo’s parents.
Feeling recharged, he sang with the rest of the family, the last song. It was one he knew from the U.S. but felt odd to sing it in Korean. When the final chords finished, everyone filed out of the pews and into the sunshine. In the pew in front of them, a middle-aged woman turned around and told Mac how beautiful his voice sounded. Mac had totally forgotten to keep his voice down in church. He was encouraged to sing out strongly at work and, because he wasn’t paying attention at the end, he forgot to reign it in a bit, since it wasn’t a performance. He nodded his thanks and smiled, but inwardly he cringed. He had to remember to be quieter in church lest someone recognize him.
Later, Mac carried the picnic basket, following the twins to a spot. He had a great time eating and joking with the family, watching the people go by, napping on the blanket, then playing Frisbee for a while with the twins and his uncle. His aunt and mother stayed on the picnic blanket sipping their drinks and talking softly. They all watched the sunset together, a pretty orange, pink, then violet, packed up the basket and carted it to the car before heading for Namsan Park.
The line for the cable car was long. As they stood waiting, Mac noticed that several people stopped every so often and stared or pointed at him then glanced quickly away when he noticed. Now that it was night time, his blue eyes didn’t show up anymore. He reached back to pull up his hood and remembered he didn’t wear his hoodie this time, just a plain worn jacket. He jammed his hat onto his head, instead, to try to hide his appearance. He hadn’t been out after dark in his street clothes before. He’d always been inside, at his aunt’s by the time the sun set on his days off. This was the first time he’d been out in public as Dan Young, after dark, since joining G5. He turned around in line to see if his guards still tailed him. They stood, about ten people back from his family group. One of them made a phone gesture with his hand. Shortly thereafter, Mac's phone range.
“Mac, we may have a problem,” one of the guards said. “We’ve noticed an increase in the amount of gawkers. We saw some this afternoon while you were with your family, but things seem to have heated up, for some reason.”
“I see it too,” Mac said back to them. “What should I do?”
“For now, sit tight. It doesn’t look like your cover is totally blown,” the guard told him. “Just keep acting like you don’t notice and maybe that will keep the peace.”
“Will do.” Mac hung up and slipped his phone back into his pocket.
“What’s going on, Dan?” his uncle asked him softly. Mac explained the situation and his uncle agreed with the solution. “We’ll keep calling you Dan and you can keep your hat on while we are in the dark. It might be good to take it off when we get up to the tower, where it is lit up, so that people can get a good look at you.”
They all believed that if everyone saw that Dan was not Asian, they would leave him alone, just like the fans had done at the palace tour.
The twins turned around in line to face their father. “Why are you telling Dan to keep his hat on, Father? Wouldn’t he see better with it off, now that it is night?”
“Oh, well…,” Mac’s uncle looked at a loss for an answer, since he didn’t want to let the twins in on Mac’s real identity.
“He wants me to make sure my hair doesn’t get in the way of his line of sight,” Mac chimed in. He started laughing and the twins laughed with him.
“Aw, Oppa, you’re hair is lots better now than when you first showed up. It will get crushed under your hat, though,” one of the twins said. The other put in her two cents, “Yes. We really like your hair, now, but if Father is worried it will get in his way, you’d better not cross him.”
Mac gently punched that twin on the arm and she smiled at him. The line moved and they were the last group into the packed cable car. Mac noticed that his guards were just far enough back in line that they had to wait for the next car.
The doors closed and the car trekked up the side of the hill on its journey to the tower. Mac gazed out at the view as the car moved. About halfway up, he noticed his mother talking with a girl to her left. Boy, she talks with everyone, he mumbled to himself.
Pretty soon, she leaned toward him with the girl’s phone in her hand. Without saying anything to him, she turned it so he could see. It was a picture of him, in his street clothes, taken last week when he was walking out of the entertainment offices towards his aunt’s limo on his day off. He had his face bare to the camera, hat off, and blue eyes showing up really well. The headline said, “G5’s Mac no longer a mystery.”
He was shocked. How did someone find out? Who put two and two together? The disguise had worked well enough for the past few weeks. Shit! What was he supposed to do now? Just then his phone rang. He took it out of his pocket and saw it was one of the guards.
“Mac, we have a real problem. Something’s leaked on the internet. People are buzzing in our car that they can’t wait to get to the top to see you. They all know you are in the next car up from us. Who knows why they aren't all over you, already, in your car,” the guard spoke softly, but excitedly. “When you reach the top, go around to the exit. If there is a car there, get into it. Otherwise, we will get you as soon as we get up there. We will be about ten minutes behind you.”
“Got it,” Mac said to them, then hung up. He softly explained the situation to his mother and she whispered in Uncle and Aunt’s ears, one by one, so as not to attract too much attention.
His uncle squeezed himself beside Mac in the car and whispered to him, “I’ll stick with you and get you around to the exit, since you don’t really know where you are going. Your mother and aunt will take the twins up to the viewing platform. Maybe by separating, it will distract some of the people. The platform will be well lit when we get there, so you might want to put your sunglasses back on and keep that hat well down on your head. I’ll put my arm around you like we are buddies.”
His plan was better than nothing, and Mac was glad to have him there because he had no idea where to go to get to the exit. When they got close to the platform, though, they both quickly realized that his uncle’s plan was not going to work. Was every teenage girl on the tower standing there on the platform screaming? It seemed like it to Mac. The platform attendants were holding the fans back, but just barely. Someone in the car managed to squeeze by his uncle and jammed a piece of paper in front of Mac.
“Sign?” They wanted an autograph.
He knew this was going to get ugly. His uncle grabbed him and turned him around, pulled his head down and smashed Mac into his chest.
“Mac, keep your head down and keep turned towards me. We’re going to head for the restroom, right across the way. I’ll get you there. Don’t worry.”
His uncle was incredibly calm in this situation. Mac guessed being a top executive meant having to make decisions in a split second and keep a level head.
“What’s going on?” one of the twins asked. “Why are all those people looking at Dan?”
“Never mind,” his aunt said. “Take my hand and tell your sister to grab onto Aunt’s hand. We will get past this crowd and up to the platform. You want to see the lights, right?”
Mac’s aunt tried to distract the twins by enticing them up to the viewing platform to see the city lights. She saw the twin slowly nod, eyes wide with fright. The twin saw Mac, leaning into her father, keeping his head down and her eyes went even wider with fright.
The cable car floated into the station and stopped abruptly. The fans screamed outside and dozens of hands with cell phones flew up to take pictures. The doors opened and Mac’s uncle shoved his way out onto the platform, leading Mac, who only saw the shoes of countless people crowding close. Papers were shoved under his nose and girls cried, “Mac! Mac!” People grabbed at his clothing. He was jostled back and forth. It felt like everything was going to be ripped off of him. He held onto his hat and his uncle as hard as he could and his uncle gripped him tightly, physically pushing his way through the throng. They made it to the restroom and his uncle shoved him into a stall at the end.
“Call your guards and tell them where you are, Dan.”
His uncle panted hard. He had locked the restroom door behind them, and was now looking to see if there was anyone else in the other stalls. Mac took out his phone and did as told.
“The coast is clear,” his uncle told him. “You can come out of the stall if you want, Dan. Are you all right?” Mac’s uncle asked him.
“Yeah, I think so,” he echoed back from the stall. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry,” his uncle told him. “You had no idea. Besides, up until now everything has been kept under wraps about you being in G5. I wonder what happened? I guess someone told. I’m just sorry that you had to go through all that. Things won’t be the same for you. Everyone knows who you are, now. Things never stay quiet once they hit the internet,” his uncle said. “Are you really sure you are OK? They tore you up a bit. You’re pretty white, too.”
Mac was thinking that right about now was a good time to throw up his lunch. It seemed like it really wanted to go into the toilet instead of his intestines. His sleeves were ripped and torn in places. One shoulder of his jacket hung by a thread. His phone rang, distracting him from his discordant digestion, and he listened to the other end.
“Right,” he said. “Uncle, the security guard says to open the door a crack and he’ll come in.”
His uncle unlocked the door and cracked it an inch to peek out, then opened it about a foot, so the security guard could slip inside.
“Mac!” The guard rushed over to him while his uncle locked the door, again. “Don’t worry. We’ll get you out, but you’ll have to wait a bit. We’re working with the tower security to clear this area. We have a car waiting for you at the exit.”
An hour later, they got the signal to move, and whisked Mac down and into a van. Underway, he got instructions from one of the managers on what would happen, now that the world knew his identity. They agreed, since it was only three weeks to the end of his summer job, and since they were going to Japan this week, he would stay at the dorm and not go out anywhere, except for practice at the office. He would be confined to quarters, under house arrest, basically, until further orders came through to change that status. The manager was also very concerned about how much the public actually knew about him. By now, they knew he wasn’t of Asian dissent. That wasn’t too big of a problem, since they did have people from all over the world living in Seoul. They just didn’t know if the public figured out he was a foreigner, and not a native Korean. If they found that out, then the managers were concerned that the popularity of the group might plummet. They were glad that this week the band would be in Japan. The managers would monitor the internet and public information while they were away. If it went badly, that could mean a premature end to G5.
Safely at the dorm, Mac went up to his room and lay on his bed, wondering how the other four guys dealt with it every day. They went out in public and came back unscathed. How did they do it? He was also feeling sorry for potentially spoiling things for the other G5 guys. A knock on his door interrupted his mussing.
“Hey, Mac!” Leo stuck his head in the door. The smell of a fresh cup of coffee in his hand wafting in with him. “I just wanted you to know that the managers let all the rest of us in on what happened.” He came in and handed the cup to Mac and sat down in Mac’s desk chair. “Pretty scary the first time, huh?”
“Not scary,” Mac said, sipping gratefully. “Terrifying. Those hoards of people were going to strip me bare!” He pointed to his sleeve that dangled halfway down his arm. “How do you guys do it on your days off? I mean, I know you come and go all the time.”
“Well, for one thing, we aren’t fresh meat on the internet. You have managed to gain that title.” Leo laughed a bit. “But really, though, once things calm down, you will be able to go out, just like the rest of us. You only have to smile and sign a few autographs where ever you go, like when we sign after our concerts, but you’ll find that, for the most part, and in most places, people are nice about leaving you alone. Just avoid shopping malls after school lets out,” he joked. “Then all the teenage girls have been released from the insane asylums and are prowling, on the hunt for hunky idols.”
Mac laughed, picturing bunches of wild girls darting to and fro along the hallways of the mall. That helped make him feel better.
“Seriously, though,” Leo continued, “Everyone is scared that this could be the end for all of us. Let’s hope not, at least, not yet, anyway. I guess I’m not going to get mad at you, again. I’ve gotten that out of my system. I’m just worried that I’m going to be out of a job earlier that I had hoped. We’ll have to see how it goes.”
Leo was feeling down because he had high hopes that his stint in G5 would lead to even bigger things. Not having been in the group long enough, instead of going up the star ladder, he could be on a roller coaster to a has-been.
Later, after Mac rested, he grabbed his tablet and searched for himself on the internet. He grimaced at the photos of himself and his uncle at the tower. Again, he was grateful that his uncle was there with him, then he recognized another photo immediately. It was taken last Sunday, for sure. Whomever took it, stood at the curb, right by the limo, and snapped the shot just as Mac was opening the car door. Whomever took the shot knew that Mac would be right where he was that Sunday. So that meant that they knew Mac’s schedule. That also meant it was someone from inside the company. There were other photos, too, of Mac playing Frisbee and picnicking with his family. Now everyone also knew his family. He wondered how the other guy’s families dealt with their son’s fame. He got up and went to the end of the hall. Knocking on Shinwoo’s door, he opened it a crack and Shinwoo lifted his head from his book and nodded, indicating that Mac could come in and sit down.
“Heavy reading,” Mac said to Shinwoo when he saw the book title, Sun Tzu, “The Art of War.”
“Yes” Shinwoo said, being brief, as usual. “You like Grant. I like Sun Tzu, amongst others. What brings you in?”
“Shinwoo, how do you and your family deal with the public? Do you even have a family? I’m not sure I’ve ever heard you mention anyone.”
“I have parents. I keep them away from me.” Shinwoo hesitated, deciding whether to tell something to Mac. Finally he spoke, again, “My family is very private and what you’d call privileged. They don’t agree with me being a pop star and want me to quit. In fact, they beg me to quit every time I have to see them. Or, at least, my father orders me to quit.
Being frank with you, the lifestyle they lead is very different from most other people, even your aunt’s family living in Book Chun. Your aunt and uncle live in an upper class neighborhood in Seoul. Your uncle makes more money than most men in this country. Their house costs millions of dollars, were they to sell it today, and is probably on the historical architecture listings. They have a staff that runs the house, maids and cooks and such, and drivers cart them around wherever they want to go, right?” Mac nodded. Shinwoo continued, “My family would not associate with your aunt and uncle unless forced to do so. It shames me to say that my mother would look down her nose at your aunt and my father would be polite to your uncle only in business situations when my father wanted something from your uncle. Otherwise, he would not speak to your uncle. My family lives on an estate outside Seoul with enough land that we have herds of deer in our woods and hunts to cull the herds. My Mother goes to Paris every spring, and the Italian Rivera every autumn. She has fashions flown in each week from all over the world. She has her own fashion designer, as well. She hob nobs, as she calls it, with princes and princesses, first ladies and prime minister’s wives.”
Shinwoo stopped talking for a moment considering if he should go on. “I never attended any school, even the private schools. I was always tutored at home by some of the top educators. At some point, I got fed up with being a prisoner. I was suffocating with having my life dictated to me, I guess. It took a snob of a woman to point out to me that I needed to change my life. I learned how to play classical guitar, in addition to already having had piano lessons since I was three or four. Did I think those lessons would ever become useful to me? I landed here by freak accident. I have stayed here. I haven’t been home since I arrived at K-Entertainment.”
“You mean you haven’t seen or talked with your parents since you started with G5?” Mac was surprised at the information Shinwoo gave him.
“I’ve seen them both, at their insistence, from time to time. They come and take me to dinner somewhere or force a meeting. Each time it is the same talk from my father about how I am disgracing the family and ruining our reputation and that I need to stop and return home, immediately. Each time I go to these forced meetings, I vow not to speak to them again, but somehow I keep punishing myself,” Shinwoo said. “I made a choice. At first, that choice was to escape. I needed a change and I got it. Now that I’ve been away from home, I like my choice. I don’t want to go back. There is nothing I miss.”
“Wow,” Mac said. “I’d miss my mother and father, and now, I think I’d even miss my teenage cousins. I don’t know how I could go without seeing them. It must be really hard. Don’t you feel alone?”
“Not really,” Shinwoo shrugged. “I never had them around much in my life when I was growing up. I was always presented to them on special occasions by my various nurses and teachers, like a show dog.”
Shinwoo was just about talked out for the time, and stopped. They both sat thinking to themselves. Shinwoo reflecting on his childhood, and Mac thinking about how bad it must have been, not having the love of parents. Mac was grateful, once again, that his mom and dad had adopted him.
After a short time, Shinwoo spoke up. “Let me ask you something, if I may.”
Mac nodded.
“Why the heck do you always throw up?” Shinwoo had a faint smile in the corner of his mouth.
Embarrassed, Mac said, “Weak stomach, I guess. I was ill when I was young, and ever since that, when I’m in stressful situations, my last meal tends to reappear.”
“That must have been some sickness. How long ago was that?” Shinwoo now was curious.
He already knew that Mac took some type of medicine every morning. There was a brief incident in the dorm a few weeks ago where Mac's medicine disappeared. Shinwoo guessed Min-Jun was the thief and found the missing pills in Min-Jun’s room. He returned them to Mac and neither said anything more about the incident, although Shinwoo privately chewed out Min-Jun. He figured Mac would state the reason for the medication, at some point.
“Umm, a little more than ten years ago.” Mac didn’t want to go back to that time period. It was something he wanted to forget, but couldn’t.
“It has been ten years and you still can’t hold your lunch?” Shinwoo laughed.
Mac saw that he was teasing, now, and laughed with him, relief coming because he knew he wouldn’t have to talk any more about so long ago.
“Let me ask you a question, since we are in an interrogation mood,” Mac said. “Do you know anything about the trash in the studio?”
Shinwoo stopped laughing, but smiled broadly, the first real smile Mac had ever seen on him. Quite different from his fan smile, it lit up his face, made his eyes crinkle in the corners and showed two dimples on either side of his mouth.
“Hmm…trash in the studio? I might.”
“Why?” Mac asked.
“He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious,” per Sun Tzu. Look inside you at your concert-heaving habits. You’re getting better, but you still have some learning to do,” was all Shinwoo had to say.
Mac understood he had been dismissed. “Thanks for the cupcake,” he said, as he went out the door, adding in another Sun Tzu quote, “Opportunities multiply as they are seized.”
Shinwoo was startled to know that anyone else actually had heard of Sun Tzu, let alone quote him. He smiled broadly as he settled down to read, again.


Chapter Thirty-One: Shinwoo at Nine Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

Having excelled in management before becoming a pop star, the need to manage people never left Shinwoo. He was always reviewing the other four, and every so often, telling them where they needed to improve. Used to people jumping at his commands, he delivered his advice in short, curt statements and expected the listener to obey. He also often talked with the managers of the group and the director, telling them how to make improvements. It irked him, sometimes, when the managers ignored his advice, smiling to his face, but changing nothing. There was so much they could be doing to improve the group, so much more they could do to take the group internationally, however, he held his tongue. They would listen, if not sooner, then at some point.
The group had finished practicing for their upcoming concert. Shinwoo was pleased with the direction they were headed. Instead of only singing and dancing all the numbers, using the orchestra for instrumentation, the band had changed. They, themselves, played the instruments in some pieces and kept the orchestra only when they did their primary dance numbers. With Shinwoo and Ji Hu playing guitar, Min-Jun on the drums, Mac on piano, and Leo playing trumpet or bass guitar, it was more than ever like a traditional band and not just a teen-appealing, boy band. They were able to do the alternate music all thanks to their newest member and with a lot of input from Ji Hu, as well. Shinwoo was surprised that Ji Hu never spoke up before this. Ji Hu said he got the ideas from his sister, but wherever they came from they were great. The band could have been playing their own music long ago, instead of relying on others for all the instrumentation. It was Mac, though, that pushed Ji Hu to speak up and express his ideas. Without adding Mac to the mix, the band wouldn’t have taken that next needed step. Their performances were much more well-rounded, now, showing off most of the talent that they had amongst themselves.
Mac was better than ever, too, now that he’d gotten over his illness and what Shinwoo perceived of as his first real fan mob encounter. Shinwoo was glad that Mac had sought him out for advice on the matter. Shinwoo was also happy that Mac was learning how to control his physical system so that he didn’t throw up frequently, during and after performances. He guessed once a performance wasn’t too bad for a guy having to hit the deck running in this world that was already speeding. He went back to Sun Tzu, reading slowly and carefully. It was a heavy book, but Shinwoo always enjoyed tackling challenges. Shinwoo loved his quotes.
An ancient Chinese military general, strategist, and philosopher, Sun Tzu presented a philosophy for managing conflicts and winning battles. Shinwoo fervently believed that in life one encountered battles every day. Learning how to manage these successfully and move on to the next day was his usual goal. Shinwoo was fond of quoting Sun Tzu at appropriate times, although the other guys didn’t usually appreciate the quotes.
His phone rang and he picked it up, not bothering to notice the caller, then regretting it as soon as he heard the voice on the other end. It was his father’s secretary informing him that a car would be outside the office tomorrow for him. His father was in the city and wanted to see him. Shinwoo inwardly groaned. It was not going to be a good day. He took a deep breath, “Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster.” He quoted Sun Tzu from memory. “Bring it on, Father. I am ready.”
After a long practice on Monday afternoon, the guys all headed out the door and into the gathered fans. Today, they had rehearsed one of their martial arts numbers over and over and Shinwoo felt like his arms were going to fall off from waiving the heavy sword around, again and again.
“Even on Mondays they don’t leave us alone,” he heard Mac grumbling.
Mac needed to get used to these fans, since they were a part of the job. Everyone was tired, and they all sounded it. Even Ji Hu, usually good-natured, was getting snappy. Shinwoo hoped that the sooner they arrived at the dorm, fed, and rested, the sooner things would get back to normal.
Because of the internet reveal of Mac, there were some in the crowd that booed and held signs saying things like, “Get rid of the foreigner” and “Go back home, Mac.” In front, though, the usual van waited, with the driver holding the door open. The young men of G5 moved quickly from the building to the van. Shinwoo readied to duck inside when he glanced over and saw the black limo with the dark glass, a uniformed chauffeur standing beside the door, waiting for him. Shit. He’d forgotten all about the call last night. He left the lineup entering the van and went over to the limo, getting inside when the door was opened. He nodded to the chauffeur as the man tipped his hat to him. Before the band, he would have completely ignored the driver.
Inside, his father’s secretary sat on the leather seat, the only passenger. Shinwoo was glad he had taken the time to shower before leaving the office. Usually the group skipped the showers and went straight home, but today the instructor had wanted to practice a little more with Mac, all by himself. The rest of the guys cleaned up while they had the chance. Min-Jun argued in the showers with Ji Hu, hence Ji Hu’s glum mood. Why was Min-Jun always making trouble? He lives and breathes for a fight, I swear, thought Shinwoo.
The secretary shook his head at Shinwoo, disapproving of the slim-fitting black jeans and boots, matched with the zippered, black, high-necked sleeveless shirt and wrist cuff of studded metal. It was the type of clothes that Shinwoo regularly dressed in, now-a-days. Shinwoo looked down at his clothes and back up at the secretary.
“This is my job, now,” Shinwoo said, gesturing to his clothes.
“Hmm…” the secretary said. “You will need to change before you see your father. I should have anticipated this and brought you appropriate attire.”
He punched the intercom and told the chauffeur to stop by one of the elite department stores, he named the store, on the way. At the store, the secretary ducked inside while Shinwoo stewed in the car. He couldn’t get out, anyway. He would be surrounded, at this time of day, by a hundred happy girls. At least, in this store it would only be a hundred. Think what it would be if I had to go to the mall right now, with all those thousands of teenagers out of school for the afternoon. Shinwoo shuddered visualizing his thoughts.
The secretary came back soon enough, with bags and boxes that he dumped on the seat. He picked up a new designer suit, shirt, socks, shoes, belt and tie for Shinwoo. Shinwoo changed clothes in the car as they headed to see his father. The secretary apologized for the inferior quality of the new clothes, but reminded Shinwoo that they had no other choice. Shinwoo gave him a smoldering stare.
“I could have worn my work clothes,” he said, referring to the clothes he had on when he entered the limo. “I’m sure my father won’t be appraising my clothes when he tries to rip my head off.”
“Well, then good thing I got you that designer tie. At least when he rips your head off, your neck will be wearing something that cost $500 USD,” the secretary fired right back at Shinwoo.
Shinwoo met his father on the twenty-third floor. The building was wholly owned by his father’s company, and the twenty-third floor was used as his private office and residential quarters when in the city. His father was rarely in Seoul, so the twenty-third floor got used probably only twice a year, once during the annual company review, and then during the corporation Christmas party. The party was an elite affair, attended by only one hundred of the top-most executives and their wives. If an executive scored an invitation, it was instant clout, to be used judiciously throughout the next year. Shinwoo remembered the Christmas parties. It was a time when he was ushered into the limelight, his father, like a thoroughbred owner, showing off his prize horse, his son. Shinwoo resented the performances he would be forced into, playing a piece on the piano that had been selected by his father, or reciting an ancient poem from memory in front of all the guests. The guests always politely listened and clapped and then he would be ushered out the door, never to be seen again until the next year. Those performances stopped when Shinwoo took on his own company to manage, but then Shinwoo assumed he would become one of the invited guests. He was wrong. He was not invited to any of the Christmas parties while he managed his company. He never asked why, relieved not to have to go.
He entered the living room of the suite and deposited himself in a chair facing the floor to ceiling windows. A maid brought him a tall, tinkling soft drink as he sat down, then she backed away, silently disappearing somewhere within the depths of the apartment. Shinwoo sat, staring out the windows at the view, but not seeing anything. He knew his father had entered the room and stood behind him, waiting for Shinwoo’s acknowledgment. Certain that his father was probably appraising his hairstyle, this made the corner of Shinwoo’s mouth raise slightly. His father would not approve of the idol look, for sure. Then Shinwoo remembered he forgot to remove the earrings in his ears. That made the corner of his mouth rise even more. While not large, the small black earrings that curled around his ears were an act of defiance that Shinwoo immediately accomplished the very night he got the G5 position. He walked out of the audition, his new contract fresh in his hand, and right into the mall next door and had both ears pierced. He hadn’t regretted it, at all. The only regret he had with the piercing was that he was forever telling the stylists not to change his earrings. They always wanted to put some dangling thing in his ears. Ugh. However, as Shinwoo considered it, a dangling earring or two, right now, would not be so bad.
Shinwoo finally sighed, rose and bowed to his father. He might as well get it over with. His father sat down across from him.
“Shinwoo,” his father acknowledged.
Shinwoo said nothing.
After an awkward silence, his father spoke again, “I suppose you are not going to quit that stupid, K-pop band. It has been many months and by now, I know you are determined to be defiant. I get the message, although I wish you would grow up sooner.”
Shinwoo still saying nothing, sipped his soft drink, the ice cubes tinkling whenever he moved the glass.
“Your public image is a disgrace to our family, as you well know, by now,” Father continued.
Ahh, thought Shinwoo, it is the “you are a disgrace to the family” speech, again.
“I have tried giving you everything and anything you desire but you still won’t quit. Therefore, from this day forward, I am changing my tactic. I am initiating a lawsuit against K-Entertainment.”
Shinwoo was surprised, but not totally shocked.
“Under what pretenses?” Shinwoo asked.
“Your image has caused a drop in profits for my company, and a loss of new acquisitions.”
His father had carefully crafted this, which surprised Shinwoo even more.
“Are you positive it is my image which has caused your profits to drop, and not some other event or coincidence that you chose to ignore?” Shinwoo countered back. “Perhaps your executives did not do enough research, or perhaps they did and you chose to make up this excuse, instead.”
Now it was his father’s time for silence. After a minute of them staring at each other, his father finally said, “Once the lawsuit is successful, I will expect you to take your company back and continue your executive training or go to college.”
That was it. His father rose and walked from the room. Shinwoo had been dismissed.


Chapter Thirty-Two: The Twins at Nine Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

The twins were tremendously excited on the way home from Namsan tower. Earlier, they were frightened, not knowing what was happening. What was wrong with Dan that everyone was staring? Rushed through the excited crowd to one of the upper decks, it was easy to see that their mother and aunt were trying to distract them from something. They huddled by the railing, pretending to look at the view, yet secretly talked to each other, trying to figure things out.
“Why won’t Mother tell us what’s happening?” Ji-woo was scared that something awful was happening to Dan and Father. “Did he have an accident or something? Is that why all the people were staring?”
“I don’t know, either,” Ji-min echoed her twin. “Did his cancer come back suddenly?”
She expected the worst and knew that Dan had recovered from cancer years ago. They huddled, trying to figure things out while their mother and aunt talked in low voices. They were frightened and very worried, too worried to notice the view. They overheard someone next to them talking on the phone.
“I’m telling you it was awesome!” the person said. “Mac from G5 stood three people away from me, right on our cable car! I saw him without his makeup and that’s not all!”
What? The twins stared at each other. Did they miss seeing Mac from G5? Maybe he was on the cable car that came up after their car.
The person responded to a question from their phone. “No! The big news is that he’s not Asian at all! He has enormous, blue eyes! Someone else with him hid his face then locked him in the restroom. Everybody in our car and on the platform saw him. It was freaking awesome! He looks just like his picture on the internet! I can’t wait to tell everyone.”
Wait! The twins gasped. He has enormous, blue eyes? He made it to the restroom? It clicked. Their cousin, Dan, was actually Mac from G5. The realization dawned with each twin at the same time, lighting up their faces with glee. They hugged each other and jumped up and down, laughing. Their cousin was actually Mac, the new member of G5!
“We should have known sooner!” Ji-woo squealed to her sister. “You know, he has the same hair, and he works at the same place. We should have figured it out!”
“Who cares?” a delighted Ji-min answered back. “Oh, I can’t wait to get to school tomorrow!”
They were disappointed that no one had let them in on the secret, but, when they pressed Mother, she told them that no one had been allowed to tell. They asked if Dan was going to be all right, having seen Father sheltering him on the way to the restroom. Assured that he was fine, the twins pulled out their phones and started texting their friends like crazy. All the way home, their phones beeped, fingers flying as they texted and received messages. Nothing this exciting had ever happened to them before and they were overjoyed.
The next day, still excited and eager to see all their friends at school, they sailed through breakfast and out the door in record time. They expected to be celebrities at school and weren’t disappointed. Surrounded by their friends as soon as they stepped in the door, everyone wanted to know what the real Mac was like.
“Well, you know,”Ji-min said, “he’s just a regular guy. Even we didn’t know about G5 until yesterday. We never would have guessed, either, he’s so normal.”
“Yeah,”Ji-woo chimed in, “he’s really nice, and sweet. He’s been hiking and biking with us, and yesterday he played Frisbee with us almost all afternoon—”
“After he ate everyone’s leftovers,” Ji-min finished the sentence. “OMG, the food he can eat!”
The questions then came flying at them and the twins basked in the attention, doling out information on their cousin as fast as they could.
“I heard he’s a foreigner,” a voice said.
This was from Su-bin. The twins tried never to associate with her. Downright mean, Su-bin didn’t hesitate to provide insults to any other girl that crossed her path. The twins had done their best, this past year, to stay away from Su-bin, as warned by some of their other friends.
“How did you know that?” one of the friends asked. “Is it true?” They turned back to the twins.
“Well, yes. It is true. He’s from the U.S.”
Su-bin added, “He took that number five position away from two other South Koreans that were perfect for the part. The Koreans were way better than him in the audition, too, I heard. He got the part because he knew someone at the entertainment office,” said a smug Su-bin.
“He would never do that,” Ji-woo shot back at Su-bin. “He’s too nice. I’m sure he was better than the other boys if he won the part.” The twins were worried.
“Who cares?” someone in the back of the crowd said. “With they way he looks and sings, who cares? Have you seen him on stage? He’s a real hunk.” That last part was ad-libbed in English.
“Yeah!” someone else said. “He can really sing, and those blue eyes are so dreamy. It is a shame they covered them up.
“I bet a lot of people care that he’s not one of us!” Su-bin was not listening to the other girls. She flung her hair back and stalked away.
“Su-bin is probably right, I think.” A friend came up and showed the twins the internet postings. “It seems like a lot of people believe what Su-bin said.”
The twins were devastated. After being so happy only a few minutes ago, now they felt awful for their cousin. Looking down at the floor, they wanted to cry.
“Well, what are you going to do about it?” a voice behind them asked.
Kevin, the senior with a locker nearby addressed the girls. “If he has all that hate mail, what are you going to do about it?”
The twins weren’t sure what they really could do about it. “Well—” they started.
“Here’s what you’re going to do,” Kevin interrupted.
He grabbed their arms and marched them off to the lunch room while the rest of their friends followed.
“Mac is your cousin, right?” Kevin said.
The twins nodded. Kevin sat them down at a table and paced back and forth in front of them like an army general with a mission.
“If someone is slandering him on the internet, then you have to start countermeasures.” He even sounded like a general. “You need to strike and strike fast before it gets out of hand. You need to hit often, as well, to keep the enemy from gaining any ground. That is what you are going to do.”
“Kevin,” the twins said. “We get the army terms, but exactly what are we going to do to strike?”
“You, and every person you can think of, is going to get on that internet and tell the world how much you love him.” Kevin was getting into the plan. “And then all those friends are going to enlist the aid of all of their friends to do the same, and so on down the line. Got it?”
“We got it,” the twins said back to him.
“I can’t hear you. What did you say?” Kevin asked.
“WE GOT IT!” a chorus of high schoolers all across the cafeteria shouted. People pulled out their phones and the texting began.
“OK!” Kevin shouted back. “And everyone is to meet at the entertainment offices Wednesday after school. I heard that they were leaving for Japan. We’re all going to cheer for Mac.”


Chapter Thirty-Three: Mac at Ten Weeks of His Summer Job

The rest of the week until Wednesday, when G5 got on the plane to Japan, was rough. When they arrived at the office each day, the young men squeezed through even more fans, guards holding them back. It was hard to judge the mood of the crowd. Some screamed their usual heart-throb love, and some were hateful. There were signs for all the guys, and fans still wanting their autographs, but Mac seemed to have the only negative signs. The managers worried that Mac’s identity reveal had unleashed too much bad publicity. On the one hand, the group had never received so much publicity, even with their past popularity. On the other hand, it was mostly negative, about why the company withheld the information from the public and why they hired Mac, a foreigner, to take Jung-Ja, a native Korean’s, place. To top things off, the lawsuit from Shinwoo’s father hit the company and the lawyers were livid. The managers decided that leaving for Japan couldn’t happen fast enough.
Mac hadn’t seen any of his family since Sunday. He sent a text message to his mother letting her know that he’d be in Japan for the next week or so and not to worry about him. He knew she would worry, anyway. She always did. She sent him a message letting him know she was glad he was fine and to have fun and not to be bothered about the publicity. It would die down, she said.
He actually looked forward to going to Japan. He’d never been there, either, so he was interested in seeing how South Korea differed from Japan. He only knew a few words and phrases in Japanese, from what he’d picked up on the internet, so he asked Leo to teach him a few more, enough so that if he got lost, he could ask people for directions, or to understand at least a few of the requests that the girls asked for at autograph signings. He could ask their name, but he couldn’t write it in Japanese. He’d have to write it phonetically or in Korean. He guessed that would be all right, though. Fans usually weren’t picky about how he spelled names.
The fans were still out there in front of the building on Wednesday when they left. The screaming began in earnest as soon as Min-Jun stepped out the door, wearing a broad smile, followed by the rest of the group, slightly more wary. Mac came last with the security guards flanking him, tightly, as they had been since Monday. As they neared the van, Mac noticed a large group of teens, boys and girls, jumping, shouting, and waving signs. They all wore the same school uniform, a lot of them, more than fifty, Mac guessed. They lined the walkway, closer to the van. Mac’s eyes went wide and he smiled broadly to see the twins in the center of the group. The whole cluster chanted, “Mac! Mac! Mac,” over and over again. Some of the girls were holding “we love you” signs. All were jumping and screaming, “Mac! Mac!”
Mac gave the twins the thumbs up sign. The twins gave him the “fighting” sign. Mac gave it right back to them and smiled even broader. He felt much better today, all of the sudden.
Inside the van, as he took his seat, Leo and Ji Hu punched him on either arm. “Nice fan club, Lunch Dog! Congratulations!”


Chapter Thirty-Four: The Twins at Ten Weeks of Mac's Summer Job

In their element, the twins held court in the lunch room at school. The campaign that their friend, Kevin, created worked well, and the negative slander over their cousin, Mac, reduced from a disastrous tsunami, to small ripples in a pond. They had an added plus in that all the kids that joined them to see Mac off at the office loved yelling and screaming for their cousin. Now, the twins were thinking it was time to implement the next stage of “Operation: Save Mac.”
“Good job, everyone,” Ji-min said to her group of friends sitting around the table. “The slander is going down. We need something else to lift the mood even more, though. Any ideas?”
Everyone glanced around at everyone else, blank faces stared at more blank faces.
Finally, Kevin, their initial leader said to the group, “We need some inspiration. Twins, or anybody, what are some of the things that make Mac good, beyond singing, dancing, and playing a musical instrument? What are the things that make him stand out? Maybe that will give us some ideas.”
“Hmm…he sings really well, but you want something other than that.” Ji-woo put her finger to her chin. “He has really nice muscles.” She giggled, as did a number of the other girls.
“Great. He’s built.” Kevin was not impressed, but flexed his arm muscles anyway, to impress the girls. “A lot of the guys are built. So what. What else is unique about Mac? What makes him stand out?”
“His hair is really blond,” one of the other girls at the table chimed in. “But, I’ve seen that color on other people, too. It may be natural on Mac, like you said, Ji-woo, but you can still get that color from a bottle.”
They all nodded in agreement.
“He does have really blue eyes,” Ji-min added. “When you see them up close, they are like looking at the sky, crystal blue and amazingly clear. They pop.”
Several of the girls at the table agreed and sighed contentedly.
“That’s it!” Kevin, seeing the girls go gaga over this guy’s eyes, knew a gimmick when he heard one. “That’s the marketing ploy.”
“Huh? How can we use his blue eyes to help Mac?”
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Kevin said to the audience at the lunch table, “we are going into business. Who can draw?”
One of the kids held up their hand.
“Can you draw cartoon eyes, like they do in manhwa or maybe Japanese anime?”
The classmate nodded and opened a notebook to get busy with a pencil and paper. Soon, they had a pair of big, blue eyes to show everyone.
“Oh! I get it!” Ji-woo was excited. “We can create things for people to wear or hold using these blue eyes, and, if enough people have them when Mac is around, it will help him.”
“Yes! Just think, if we had a lot of fans wearing blue eyes on t-shirts and people waved hand fans around when G5 walks by, everyone will associate that with Mac.” Ji-min was getting the marketing idea, now, too.
The twins stuck their heads together, discussing their strategy. They wanted the blue eyes logo on everything, from fans to t-shirts, hats, and signs, and when another girl suggested head bands with eyes, everyone clapped excitedly. Now, they just had to figure out how to get them made and distributed quickly.
That night, they approached their father for advice. He was the chairman, now, of Grandfather’s business. He should know all about making merchandise and selling it, the twins reasoned. It took some convincing, but their father agreed to help the twins to get an initial few hundred headbands and fans manufactured and up for sale on an open market on the internet. Only a few days later, with all the headbands and fans sold, the twins had enough to pay back Father and re-invest to make another larger batch of each product. Four days later, they sold out, completely, and made a tidy profit. In addition, they had been contacted by K-Entertainment via their father’s friend, and that company wanted to take over the manufacturing of the product. They sold out their tiny business to K-Entertainment for another nice profit. Their father was proud of his enterprising young ladies. The twins, in turn, used some of the profits to buy concert tickets for all their friends at school, since it was all of them, not just the twins, that helped with the idea.


Chapter Thirty-Five: Mac at Ten Weeks of His Summer Job

At the rear of the concert center’s soaring lobby in Japan hung a massive banner with the band’s picture and logo. They had a new photo shoot on Tuesday, where Mac ditched his dark contacts. This new photo had Mac in the purple outfit, which emphasized his blue eyes, or so said the photographer.
Did they retouch my eye color? Mac wondered, glancing up at the photo as they walked into the center on Friday afternoon. His blue eyes seemed to stand out. But, he guessed that was the point. Leave it to the professionals to market the group.
Five lines snaked, crossing and recrossing the length of the lobby to the opposite entrance doors and disappeared somewhere outside. Each line was mostly filled with anxious girls who, upon seeing the band’s entrance, started screaming and shouting. These were their Japanese fans, here to get autographs before the concert later that night. The group had an hour set aside to sign pictures for the fans. With a group member seated at a table in front of a line, each fan was allowed to step forward, one at a time, to watch their favorite band member autograph a picture for them. At Mac’s table, the manager also provided an interpreter, in case Mac couldn’t understand a particular fan’s request. An hour was a long time, Mac knew from previous stints, to sign autographs. By the end of the hour, his facial muscles would be aching from smiling and his hand would be cramped from writing his signature over and over again. The corners of his mouth twitched already, and they hadn’t even started.
They all sat down and the process began. The first girl in Mac’s line came forward, smiling broadly and bowing. Mac noticed she wore a headband with something like ears sticking up out of her hair. She kept pointing to it, as well. No, they weren’t ears, but he really couldn’t see since he was seated and she was standing. He turned to his interpreter and asked him to find out what was on her headband. The interpreter did as requested and the girl smiled even broader.
Mac turned questioningly to his interpreter and, smiling back, the man said, “She asks if you would please sign her blue eyes, as well. She says, by the way, that your eyes are, and I quote, fantastically blue, just like the picture, and she loves you.”
“Huh? Sign her eyes? What’s that supposed to mean?”
The girl reached up, grabbed her headband and took it off, placing it in front of Mac. It wasn’t ears that stood up on the headband. They were two large, blue, cartoon eyes. Mac was surprised. He signed the headband and heard some excited shouts from the line in back.
The interpreter leaned into him and said, “So you know, Sir, it has been passed down the line that you signed this girl’s headband. You will be expected, probably, to do the same for all the rest of your fans.”
What? Just how many of them have these headbands, he wondered. He leaned to the side of the smiling girl and took a glance down the line. Nearly every girl had the headband, or held a fan with blue eyes plastered on it. Inwardly groaning, from all the writing he would have to do in the next hour, outwardly, Mac minded his manners and smiled up at the girl.
“Thank her for liking my eyes,” Mac said to his interpreter.
The girl bowed several times and excitedly spoke back. Mac did not ask for the translation this time. He understood "I love you!" in English well enough. He signed and passed his picture and the blue eyes back to the girl, stood up and bowed to her. This, again, brought excited screams from the line.
“Better keep the line moving,” a manager said as he passed by. “We’ve got a long way to go, and we want to keep the fans happy.”
Nearing the halfway point, yet another girl stepped up to his table. Mac automatically took one of the pictures off his stack and signed it, then glanced up at the girl, waiting for a name. He was startled and stood quickly. Pretty eyes, in a dimpled face, stared back at him, smiling. It was the girl from the airport, weeks ago! She was dressed in a short, plaid skirt, shirt and vest. She laughed. Mac noticed that, in addition to cute dimples, the short skirt showed off long legs.
“I hope you haven’t tripped much lately,” he heard in English.
She remembered. Oh great. “Uh, I’ve been watching my step. This is my new summer job.” He grimaced, realizing he sounded like a dork. “I never expected to see you here.”
“My friends were in line ahead of me. They insisted I go with them, and they said you were the best, so we had to get in your line. Here I am, waiting for this pop star called Mac to sign an autograph for me.” She teased him and his cheeks blushed.
“Oh, right!” Mac picked his up his picture. “What’s your name?”
“Winnie,” she said. “Winnie Johnston.”
Mac sat back down and wrote on his picture, “Winnie, I hope never to trip over your suitcase again. Thanks for your smile,” and signed with his now usual signature, “Stay Strong. Mac, G5.” He never signed his full name but now always added the extra words. It had become part of his signature.
“What, no blue eyes?” He teased her.
“They were sold out. My friends snagged the last three,” she said, in all seriousness.
Mac paused for a second and leaned over to his translator. “Just a second,” he said to Winnie, holding up one finger.
The translator disappeared around a corner and reappeared a minute later with a manager. Mac spoke softly to the manager and he nodded, indicating a favorable response to Mac’s request, and then spoke back to Mac, telling him that the line needed to keep moving.
“Winnie, I hate to ask you this, but can you wait a minute over there,” he pointed, “next to my interpreter?”
Winnie nodded and stepped back. Mac signed a few more autographs from the line before the manager returned and placed a wrapped box, tied with a pretty ribbon, on the table in front of him.
Mac got up with the box and stepped over to Winnie. “I know it isn’t much, but I was hoping you could attend the concert tonight. Here are four V.I.P. tickets for the front row, and backstage passes.”
Winnie’s eyes widened. “Uh, sure,” she stumbled. “I will have to make sure it is all right with my dad, but I think I can come.”
Mac smiled.
An hour later, having signed double the amount of autographs, headbands and pictures for every girl, Mac’s hand ached badly. He was never so glad when the hour was up and they left. Behind them, disappointed girls that had not reached the front of the line cried. He remembered Winnie, though, and his smile reappeared instantly. Who would have guessed he would meet her, again?
The first concert in Japan went well. Much better than any of the managers hoped it might, given the bad publicity in Seoul. The Japanese fans were enthusiastic about all the songs and appreciated the martial arts numbers just as well as the Korean fans, it seemed. Adding in the professional musicians to play the historical instruments really made a difference in the quality of the music, as well. The managers, pleased with the new musicians, planned to keep them, full time, once they returned to Seoul.
As well, the Japanese fans didn’t seem to care about Mac’s nationality. The concert was a sell-out, with hundreds of screaming teenage girls, many with blue-eyed headbands in their hair. At nine weeks, Mac progressed far enough to do all the songs and dances, although the martial arts routines still challenged him. He had a solo in this concert, too. The managers said it was all right to keep it and not switch with Shinwoo, but Shinwoo and Leo performed a duet later in Japanese. Had they been in Seoul, the managers probably would have cut Mac’s solo from the line up.
Used to changing costumes, now, backstage, as well, Mac was stuffed into his solo outfit in record time. He was nervous tonight, but this time because Winnie might be in the audience. Thank goodness he wasn’t singing Mallory’s song. After that first performance, the managers loved Mallory’s song and wanted him to record and release it. Mac insisted, though, that he would not sing it anymore and put his foot down. They finally agreed, and this one he replaced it with couldn’t be better fitted for the eye theme. The managers were happy with the choice. The song, about a love long ago, was one where the concept came to him when he was gazing up at the stars at night. He had a few lines in there about gazing into her eyes was like seeing the beauty of the stars. He blushed all the way through the song, singing it in English, certain that Winnie was in the front row starting at him, even though he couldn’t see well beyond the stage because of the lights.
He completed the solo, to many screams of delight from the fans, and changed backstage into the historical costume worn for the next few numbers. He wore a long blue outer garment in four panels over a white robe that reached halfway past his knees toward his ankles, with white trousers under everything, and his feet stuffed into black boots. When he turned with the sword he used, the garment swirled and fanned out. All the other four were dressed in similar garb and they all had their hair in topknots, fake ones that matched their hair color since their hair was too short for real ones. With the exception of their black eye band makeup, they were identical to the historical characters the South Koreans watched each week in drama television shows. They changed the color of the outer garment with the two different song numbers. The final numbers of the concert, though, they performed in modern costumes, the black leather. Mac’s hair was always retouched, during most of the costume changes, so that the tips matched the outfits. At the end of the performances, his head stung from all the dye picked up by the lights on stage. By the last number, his head pounded and his stomach usually responded accordingly. He still hadn’t made it all the way through a concert without heaving, but by now, the performance in his stomach mostly happened after the last number, thank goodness, and most often after he got back to the cooler air in the dressing room.
The final number over, they gave their traditional three gestures all in unison, a formal bow, what Mac called peace signs, and then the fighting sign, and they all exited back stage. Mac, from his position, was the last to exit. Feeling really crappy, he was turning a putrid shade of green. The sweat poured off of his face and body and he panted. Oh, God! He knew the puke was coming and tried to rush as fast as he could, but the hallways were packed with people and equipment, blocking his way. To make matters worse, because this was a new venue, he could find nothing backstage in which to heave. All the other guys had a jump start on the hallways, but, since he was last, all the activity was already in full swing. To complicate matters, people stopped him every few steps to congratulate him on a good show. He mumbled something and continued down the hallway as best as he could, panic setting in. Where was the dressing room? Where was a bucket, trash bag, barf bag, cup, anything?
“Mac!” One of the managers stopped him in the hallway, horrified. “Find something fast!” The manager grabbed someone passing by. “He’s going to heave!”
It was too late. Not wanting to puke all over the manager, Mac turned and threw up against the wall. A man with a container rushed up, but the stuff was already all over the floor and halfway down the side of the wall.
Feeling much better now that he had thrown up, Mac was going to wipe his mouth off on his bare, sweaty arm. He couldn’t use his costume because it was all leather and metal. Someone waived a tissue in his face. Gratefully, he wiped his mouth and turned to give his thanks for the tissue. Winnie stood holding another tissue, only a few feet away with her father and two other friends.
“Are you all right?” she asked him.
The manager, standing nearby, spoke before Mac could say anything. “Oh yes, Miss. He always does this after a performance. Don’t worry. He is fine.”
She looked at Mac and he nodded at her, too embarrassed to speak.


Chapter Thirty-Six: Winnie at Ten Weeks of Her Summer Vacation

In Japan, Winnie had never seen so many people at one time. They seemed to swarm everywhere, but everyone was so orderly about it. She and her father lived in a small, rented apartment in a high rise, of a sea of tall apartment buildings. If she stretched her arms wide, she could probably touch either side of the walls of the living room. It housed a fold-out sofa, where her father slept, and a tiny bedroom, just large enough for a low, platform bed and chest of drawers. Having just come from what she thought of as the world’s smallest dorm room, she was not bothered by the lack of space in the least. In her old dorm, if she lay down on her bed, she could reach out with her arm and touch her room mate’s bed, across a small space between them. Having a compact space to live in seemed normal to her.
Her father, on the other hand, was a giant in the small space. Still, he kept his humor about it. One morning, as the alarm went off and she slid back her bedroom screen panel, he casually asked if she wanted a hot breakfast. He reached out his foot and depressed the toaster with his big toe, saying, “Ahh! This is the life. I don’t even have to get out of bed to make breakfast. Now, if I could only shower and shave in bed, life would be perfect!”
Instead, he squeezed into the tiny bath. The shower head stuck out of the wall at about his collarbone height. It was even tight for her, but she managed to wash her long hair with only a little difficulty.
Winnie and her father quickly settled down into a daily routine. He went off to work in the executive offices of the fast food business, and she off to class. She elected to take two classes on Japanese history at one of the universities in the city. The classes were in English, and she could transfer the credits back to her own school after she passed at the end of the summer. Besides, they were interesting. She liked studying history and needed a couple classes to fulfill her course requirements back home. She learned how to take the bus to school, and even rode the subway a few times with several friends she made in class. The group of girls got together every day after class and compared notes at a coffee house not far from school. Fast becoming a click, the four of them, Winnie and her three Japanese friends, were rarely apart. They went everywhere together, and Winnie had been to each of her friend’s apartments, nearly as tiny, many times. Meeting at the park on the weekend, or at a nearby mall, they talked about all different kinds of things.
At first, her new friends were fascinated by her and they all practiced their English by speaking with her. They wanted to know all about the U.S. and asked her if she knew any movie stars, naming a few. If she didn’t know any movie stars, did she know any famous singers or band idols? They were surprised to hear that she didn’t follow many bands, knowing only a few local to her home town in the States. She liked music as much as they did, but she didn’t surf the net, seeing what her favorite idols were up to like her friends did. They constantly talked about this band, or that singer and proudly showed her their autograph collections. Each friend had signatures from singers and bands she’d never heard of, with most of them from Japan, and a few from South Korea.
Her friends were also fascinated by her overalls. They giggled whenever she wore them and asked her if she had a farm. One day, they took her to the mall after school.
“Winnie,” said one friend, “we know you like your overalls, but you’ve got to start wearing something cute. You’ve got good legs.”
They weren’t shy about pointing out each other’s best body features. In fact, it was a topic they enjoyed repeating, how one girl had great hair, another a pretty nose, and the third a generous chest, of which the other girls were envious.
“Winnie, you’ve got to show off your legs. With your long hair and long legs, you could have any guy!”
Naturally, the friends were boy crazy, too. They talked her into wearing clothes similar to their outfits, short pleated skirts with button down vests and shirts, tights in patterned colors with high-healed Mary Janes. She now fit in with the rest of her group. She did admit, it wasn’t so bad to blend in with everyone else once in a while, especially in a foreign country. She got a lot of stares at her overalls. Once school started in the fall, though, she’d ditch the foreign wardrobe in favor of her comfortable favorite.
The group was in the mall browsing after school one day. It seemed the thing to do by every girl in the city. She hardly ever saw boys in the mall. Those that appeared, seemed to be on specific missions, going straight into a store, and not browsing. There were no large gangs of teenage hoodlums roaming these malls after school, either, only large clicks of teenage girls. She and her friends stopped in front of a shoe store, admiring the different high-heeled shoes on display. The higher the heal, the more her friends wanted those shoes. Winnie, on the other hand, didn’t care at all for extreme high heals. While the shoes did make legs appear even longer, Winnie didn’t need high heels to enhance her long legs. She glanced across the way and noticed a mall map display with large poster advertisements adorning either side and decided to go over and see what other stores there were in this mall. She was looking through the English version of the map when her click caught up with her.
“Winnie! OMG!”
Winnie looked up, alarmed for a second. What was wrong? Her friend was holding her hand to her mouth and pointing at a poster.
“We have to go!” Winnie's friend said.
“Go where?” Winnie said.
Winnie looked at the poster. Five guys in slightly matching black leather and metal outfits smiled back at the girls.
“OMG! Its G5 and they are coming to Japan!” another friend chirped in.
The rest of the girls gathered around, all talking at the same time and all excited.
“They’ll be here in a few weeks!”
“We have to get tickets!”
“Look at Shinwoo. He’s so handsome!”
“I like Leo. He’s got great eyes. Ji Hu is the cute one.”
“No, the best one was Jung-Ja.” They all sighed in unison at the mention of that one. “Too bad he got hurt because when he sang “Keep me close,” I thought I’d died and had gone to heaven!”
“Hey, look! There’s the new guy!”
Winnie watched them all crowd around inspecting whomever this guy was that they called the new guy. He seemed just like the other ones, except he looked kind of familiar, too. She couldn’t put her finger on it.
“His name is Mac,” one of the girls said.
The same girl busily surfed the internet on her phone. She dictated his statistics while they all sighed and gazed longingly at him. After that, they wouldn’t shut up about the group. Winnie had never heard of G5 before, but then, she’d never heard of any South Korean groups. Her friends seemed to be big followers, though, and that was all they talked about from that day forward. Every day, at the coffee house after school, they got on the internet and read the latest fan update, like newscasters telling the nightly news. They were extremely disappointed, though, when they tried to purchase tickets. The concert was sold out. To compensate, they convinced Winnie to stand in line for autographs. If they couldn’t see the concert, then they at least could see the stars and get one of their autographs. They debated back and forth which line they wanted to get in, not wanting to split up the group.
One day in the coffee house, as they finished their notes from class and turned to their favorite internet activity, they were shocked to find out that there seemed to be a lot of negative comments on the fan site. Candid pictures of the new G5 idol plastered every site they viewed. Nothing out of the ordinary, they thought, at first. The band members were often followed and photographed in candid shots. No one had really seen the new guy, though, out of makeup. This one showed a picture of him, directly in the face. He was not Asian at all and he had large, blue eyes.
Winnie, as usual, didn’t pay attention much to the chatter of her friends. While she smiled and kept them company, she had agreed to go to the autograph signing just to please them. She was curious what a concert in Japan would be like, and this group, but only with a casual interest. She heard her friends all exclaiming and leaned over to take a peek, out of curiosity.
“OMG!” one her friends said. “He may not be Asian, but he’s got the biggest, bluest eyes in the world! I don’t know why people are complaining. I guess South Koreans are mad because they tried to make it seem like he was Asian and from Seoul.”
“Yes, that’s probably it,” another girl added her two cents. “But look at him! He’s so cute! And have you heard the latest song on the charts? It is even better than the last one they released. Mac sings the lead on that one, and he’s good, too. I don’t know about the rest of you, but I vote for Mac’s line when we get autographs.” The rest of the girls immediately agreed.
“Look, Winnie!” the friend surfing the net added. “He’s from the U.S.”
Winnie looked. She was stunned. There, staring back at her was the guy from the airport that had tripped over her suitcase! She was almost certain it was him. She hadn’t forgotten that face, and, she blushed, those muscles. He was in a K-pop band? She never would have guessed, that day at the airport. No, it was probably her mistake. It must just be a guy that looked like him. The hair color was the same, but the style was totally different.
“Winnie?” One of the girls touched her sleeve.
“I think I saw that guy before, or someone that looked a lot like him,” Winnie told them.
They squealed. Their friend had actually seen Mac in person. They pulled the story out of her while she, embarrassed, tried to bury her nose in her coffee. She wondered if it was only an interesting coincidence. It probably wasn’t the same guy. She would go to the autograph session and quickly find out that it was another person, altogether, and that she was mistaken. She blushed again, though, thinking about him at the airport.
But as the time for the concert approached, the reasoning that it was another guy kept getting more and more remote to her. The band posted new pictures on their fan site and this Mac, really did look just like that young man in the airport, even if the hairstyle was changed. He even, supposedly, came from a U.S. city not too far from the airport, according to the tabloids. Was it the same guy? Winnie tried hard to talk herself out of believing it, as her friends did just the opposite and tried to make her believe she had met this Mac from G5.
Her friends, excited about the upcoming autograph session, all purchased headbands with enormous, blue, cartoon eyes attached to them. They wore them around everywhere the day before, thrilled to have found them on the web. Winnie declined to wear a headband. They were kind of silly, but she held her tongue, not wanting to insult her friends. At home, people might wear t-shirts and hats with a band’s logo, but headbands with eyes? She’d let her friends wear those.
They lined up hours before the signings. Her friends filled her in on what these autograph sessions were like, and brought drinks and snacks for the long wait. They had to go very early to get a good place in line because the band members only signed autographs for an hour before the concert. After that hour, no matter where you were, even if you were the next person in line, you were turned away. So, arriving at the performance center hours in advance, Winnie was not looking forward to standing in line. Shock greeted her, though, when they arrived. The line already snaked through a lobby more than half full. It was a huge lobby, too, half filled with girls all the way to the far end where empty tables waited underneath a gigantic poster of the five guys in the band. The blue in Mac’s eyes really stood out next to the dark colors of the other band members.
The chatter from all the excited girls in the lobby hurt her ears. However, after standing in line for an hour, her ears became accustomed to the noise and the rest of the lobby packed with people. After two hours, the noise seemed normal. After three hours, she wished she could go home, but stuck it out with her friends. They all sat on the floor waiting for their idols to show, eating their snacks and sipping warm juice. Who knew how much longer they would have to wait?
When the band finally arrived and started signing pictures, announced by the earsplitting screaming in the lobby, the lines moved. It seemed, every Japanese girl in their line, including Winnie’s friends, all wore eye headbands. After the first girl got her headband signed, the news was passed on down the line, and Winnie’s friends jumped excitedly. They high-fived each other at having snagged the last headbands before they sold out online. Things moved slowly and finally Winnie’s friends made it to the head. Winnie, standing there, got a good look at all the band members, behind their respective tables, but especially Mac, sitting at the table in front of their line.
When it was her turn, her friends waited over to the side, whispering to themselves. Anxious to find out if Mac was really the young man from the airport that Winnie met. They had their doubts, as well as Winnie, and wanted to console her after she got the autograph. Getting an autograph from Mac was something special, anyway, and if she only obtained that, this line was worth it, in their minds. All of them, after all, assured her that waiting in line for hours was totally worth the autograph. They all agreed, while Winnie walked up to the table, that Mac was, indeed, the darling of the band, even more-so than Shinwoo, although Shinwoo still was pretty hot.
They saw Winnie step up to the table and Mac grab a picture then glance up briefly, showing his blue eyes. They saw him do a double take and jump up, surprised. Winnie said something to him, and he blushed. Mac blushed! OMG! He was so cute when he blushed. They all wondered what Winnie said, leaning forward as much as everyone else, trying to overhear. It was impossible to hear anything, but they saw Mac motion to Winnie to wait by his translator and then hand Winnie a pretty package a few minutes later when he said good-bye to her.
Winnie walked back to her friends, instantly surrounded by them and all the other girls around, wanting to know what happened. Of course, on the way out, they wormed the whole story out of her. Then, they all fought over who got to sit up front with Winnie at the concert and go backstage. The winners of rock, paper, scissors promised the losers to memorize every moment, secure as many autographs as possible and provide a detailed play-by-play of backstage after the concert. Winnie was so lucky! But, more importantly, Mac really was the guy from the airport!
Now, Winnie, her two friends and dad were ushered backstage following the concert. Sitting in the front row earlier, they received V.I.P. treatment, along with their ticket status. Ushered to a special room when they arrived at the concert, tables of food and drink awaited, along with other guests and some of the band’s marketing staff. They mingled with the other excited concert-goers. It was awkward with her father in tow, but he insisted that she was not going backstage without an escort. Those bands are wild, he said, and who knows what might happen to her and her friends. Of course, her father only knew of rock bands from his own younger years, back in the seventies. Winnie’s father, she was sure, felt ridiculous sitting in the front row with a bunch of screaming girls. Winnie did see several other parental types with their daughters, though, so she didn’t feel so bad.
She had no idea what to expect backstage, but as soon as the last band member left the stage, they were quickly directed into a buzzing hallway full of all kinds of people and equipment rushing to and fro. Above the cacophony, she heard someone shout in English, “He’s going to heave!”
Ugh, gross. Someone was throwing up all over the wall, up ahead. Wait a minute, that wasn’t just someone, that was Mac! She recognized the hair. Was he sick?
“See what I mean?” her father said to her, grabbing her elbow. “I told you it wouldn’t be good backstage. That’s disgusting. These bands are wild. You and your friends really shouldn’t be back here, at all.”
He tried to usher her around Mac, who, finished by now, had his arm up against the wall, holding himself back from the mess. She reached in her purse and pulled out some tissues when she realized he was hunting around for something to wipe his mouth on.
“Are you all right?” she asked.
The manager next to him reassured her that he was fine, and Mac nodded, surprised and embarrassed that she had seen him puke. The manager escorted them all to the dressing room, after Mac indicated it was fine for them to accompany him. Entering the room, Mac faced the rest of the band, congratulating him on what they called the best “Lunch Dog” show ever. Winnie looked puzzled, as did her friends and one of them, Leo said in English,
“Mac pukes at every show, but they are not usually as spectacular as this one. He’s never managed to spray the hallway and walls at the same time.”
They all laughed and Mac turned an even deeper shade of red.
“Sorry,” he said.
“How did you like the concert?” Leo asked.
Winnie was surprised to hear perfect British English coming out of Leo’s mouth.
“What was your favorite part?” Ji Hu joined in, speaking Japanese to Winnie’s friends and steering them over to a table with drinks. The star-struck friends gaped at their idols up close. They seemed like regular guys, polite and nice. It was everything they could have hoped for and more.
“Who’s your friend and her bodyguard?” Leo asked Mac, indicating Winnie and her father.
“Uh, this is Winnie, a friend from the States and…” Mac didn’t know the man behind Winnie.
“Richard Johnston,” Winnie’s father said, sticking out his hand to shake.
Mac shook it and so did Leo. By now, Ji Hu had autographed his scarf that he wore during an earlier number and handed it to one of the girls and was canvassing the other guys for other articles of clothing, loading Winnie’s friends down with signed pictures and other band paraphernalia and chatting non-stop.
“Richard Johnston of the Johnston’s chicken restaurants, by any chance?” Winnie heard from the back of the room. Shinwoo came forward and stood in front of her father, a questioning countenance on his face. Her father nodded. “I recognized you from your picture,” Shinwoo said, in English.
Now it was Winnie’s father’s turn to be impressed.
“I’m surprised any of you young men would know anything about that,” her father said.
Shinwoo, from his days when he managed his company had studied the restaurant chain, along with other companies, debating different styles of management to figure out which methods might work in his company. He knew that the chain was floundering in the U.S.
Shinwoo, his face wearing its usual sombre expression said to Winnie’s father, “Korea likes fried chicken. Japan likes it, too. You need U.S. change, though.”
Intrigued, Winnie’s father walked to the back with Shinwoo. A few minutes later, a manager came in and shooed all the visitors out the door, telling them the band needed to clean up and change out of their costumes.
As she left the room, Mac stopped her at the door and thanked her for coming then hesitated and spoke. “Uh, Winnie? Could I have your number?”
Winnie blushed but nodded and gave Mac her phone number. A chorus of whoops came from the back of the room as she left, all teasing Mac about his new girlfriend.


Chapter Thirty-Seven: Doo Ri at Ten Weeks of Mac's Summer Job

Doo Ri thought the concert in Japan was a success. Like the managers, she, too, noticed the audible difference in the instrumentation for the historical numbers now that the company had hired musicians specifically trained on the antique instruments. After the criticism the band received when they went on their national tour, the managers decided to spend the extra funds and get good quality musicians for the historical numbers. The G5 men often didn’t know or question when orchestra members were hired, fired, or switched to different instruments. They trusted their management to provide the right mix of instrumentation for their numbers.
Doo Ri had been practicing her gayageum at the local community college, along with others when she received a text message from an unknown number. The message simply stated that K-Entertainment was auditioning for a gayageum, haegeum, and daegeum player that could be available a.s.a.p. and able to travel for the next few weeks and if she knew of anyone, including herself, to please apply at the office.
Her friends were excited when she told them about the message. “Doo Ri, we could get a good paying job, maybe!”
While they all practiced constantly, it was terribly difficult to find a well-paying job, playing their instruments full time. Nearly all of them worked other full time jobs and played part-time. Some found employment working at historical sites, entertaining tourists, and others worked, as needed, at tea houses, and such. It was all of their dreams to have a full-time job using their talents on the instruments. K-Entertainment sponsored all kinds of entertainers, including historical ones, so getting sponsored by an entertainment industry veteran meant more work, possibly higher pay, and, if they were lucky, maybe a full time job playing their instruments. While some of her friends played other instruments, the two with the requested ones, agreed, with Doo Ri, to meet that afternoon at K-Entertainment to see what they offered and if it was a good fit. Doo Ri knew that if they wanted travel, that meant she might not have time to visit her grandmother, who was now at home, still recovering from her stroke. She needed to debate any job offer, if it meant travel, that kept her away from home for long stretches at a time.
The three friends met outside the entrance to K-Entertainment. As usual, many teens lined the sidewalk and the three pushed their way through to the entrance. She noticed, hanging from the front of the office building, several stories high, banners with full length pictures of the G5 band members. Doo Ri recognized them right away from the concert a few weeks ago and her heart went into her throat when she saw the picture of Leo. She loved that date, but it seemed like ages ago. While Leo still texted her now and then, she was sure that he had lost interest in her. His messages were getting very infrequent. She tore her eyes away from his picture and entered the building with her friends, her gayageum slung in a long case across her back.
Two hours later, she emerged with her two friends, the three of them still pinching themselves hardly able to believe their good fortune. Not only did they secure well-paying jobs, but they were now part of the orchestra for G5! Doo Ri was excited, but apprehensive, as well. She wanted the job. The pay was beyond excellent, but it meant that she’d be away while the band traveled to Japan. She and her friends were required to travel with the band and entourage. It wasn’t the travel that worried her. She was reluctant to be away from her grandmother. Not knowing how much longer her grandmother might live, it tore her, emotionally, to think about the job. Too good to pass up, though, her friends heavily persuaded her to take the offer. The three of them wanted to stick together, since they all played together and were used to each other.
It surprised Doo Ri, however, when she went home that evening and talked with her grandmother. She told her all about the contract and her grandmother peppered her with questions, making sure that Doo Ri made the right decisions. Doo Ri still had a few days to back out of the contract, if she wanted and she told her grandmother the same.
“Doo Ri,” her grandmother said, “what are you so worried about? Do you know how many starving artists there are in Seoul? You need to take this job. It is an opportunity you don’t want to pass up.”
Doo Ri’s friends all said the same thing, as well.
“But Grandmother, it means that I won’t see you every day.”
“So what? I’m old, but I’m not dead. You can see me when you return.” Her grandmother waved her finger at Doo Ri. “Besides, you can set me up on that computer over there on my table, and we can see each other every day, if you want.”
Doo Ri had shown her grandmother how to have an online conversation using the camera on her computer, and, unlike other older people, Grandmother was eager to learn and use the new technology.
“Yes, I can set up for you and we can talk to each other whenever we want.” Doo Ri started to think her grandmother was pushing her out.
“Look, Doo Ri,” her grandmother said, “I love you, but you can’t put your life on hold for me.”
With a twinkle in her eye, Grandmother pointed her finger at Doo Ri. “If you take this job, you know, you might run into that handsome man from the band, again. Maybe he’ll regret what he gave up and snatch you back.”
“Oh, Grandmother!” Embarrassed that her grandmother would even think of Leo, Doo Ri secretly hoped that's exactly what Leo would do.
A few days later, she was all packed and on a plane to Japan with her friends. They would meet up with the orchestra and practice, before the concert, the numbers they were supposed to play. Because it was so last minute, the G5 band members, themselves, didn’t have time to run through the songs with the trio. That wasn’t really necessary, anyway. As long as they played the music as instructed and followed the orchestra director, then G5 didn’t need to practice live with them. The orchestra had been through the numbers so many times, now, that they didn’t need G5. With everything so new to Doo Ri and her two friends, they spent several hours with the orchestra running through the music, then several more hours memorizing the pieces. The trio would be in historical attire, as well, and have a spotlight on them while they played for G5.
At concert time, Doo Ri sat on the floor in her hanbok, her traditional costume, beside her two friends, her gayageum in her lap, listening in her earpiece for the orchestra director’s cue to begin. On stage, behind a sheer curtain, the trio waited patiently in the dark while one of the G5 members sang a solo on the front of the stage. Through the curtain, Doo Ri saw Mac sitting on a stool playing his guitar and heard him singing. She recognized his voice instantly, the minute he started singing. It was hard not to forget those impromptu concerts she heard coming from the next room at the hospital. Once Mac finished, she heard, through her earpiece, a cue from the director.
“Three minutes. Three minutes to start.” He counted down for them. “Two minutes. Two minutes to start.” The sheer curtain lifted. “One minute. One minute to start.”
At ten seconds, a spotlight focused directly on her trio. Doo Ri could feel the heat from the light. No wonder they had to memorize the music. It was virtually impossible to see anything beyond a few feet with the light shining directly on them. The director cued them to start the piece and they played. Every so often she saw a foot, costume, or sword flash into the trio’s little kingdom of light and quickly disappear. She felt the band members of G5 as they danced in unison because the thumps as they jumped and landed bounced her slightly. Her trio went through the first song without incident. Starting with the director’s queue in her ear for the second song, she played the introduction with the trio and then the three were joined by the rest of the orchestra and the piece went flawlessly.
“That was easy!” Doo Ri thought, once the curtain descended. She left the stage with the orchestra and headed in the direction of the dressing room. She stopped to use the restroom on the way and was coming out when someone ran into her, forcing her to fall on her back on the floor.
Leo had been stopped in the hallway backstage as he headed to his group’s dressing room by some fans with backstage passes. Why is it always me that gets stopped, Leo wondered. Why didn’t they stop Mac? He’s right behind me! He smiled at the fans, though. It was a group of Japanese girls and one other that maybe was American. It was hard to tell. An older man that appeared to be American accompanied them. Leo was about to give them an autograph when they all turned and watched Mac throwing up against the wall, behind them. Leo decided he would leave them to Mac, since Mac was putting on the after-concert show. He turned to head, again, to the dressing room and fell right on top of Doo Ri, emerging from the restroom.
“Oh! I’m so sorry…” Leo said, then stopped when he realized who lay underneath him. Sweet lips frowned right in his field of vision. Sorry that he had fallen on her, but not sorry to see them, before he knew it, he was kissing those luscious lips.
Doo Ri kissed him back, then realized what she did and quickly squirmed to get up. Behind them, Mac heaved his guts all over the wall and floor while a crowd in the hallway watched. Leo quickly helped Doo Ri up off the floor.
“Doo Ri!” Leo exclaimed, then hung his head, “Sorry about that,” then perked back up again, “Doo Ri, what are you doing here?”
“Leo!” Doo Ri was red from the tips of her hair roots all the way to her toes. “I work here, now. I’m playing the historical pieces. Didn’t you know?”
Leo pulled her down the hall, away from Mac and his mess. “You were on stage with me? How could I have missed you? But, that’s great!”
Leo was excited, now. If Doo Ri was in the orchestra, then that meant he could see a lot more of her. “Let’s get together. I’ll call you.”
Doo Ri didn’t really know what to think when Leo said this. Was he just being nice and giving her the brush off, or would he really call her?
As if he could read her mind, he pushed her against the wall, cornering her, and said in all seriousness, “Doo Ri, I really do want to see you. I’m not just saying that to be nice. I’ve missed you so much.” He mesmerized her with those enormous eyes.
“I’ve got to get cleaned up, and you’ll want to change. I’ll call you when I get back to the hotel and we can have dinner together. Is that all right with you? Is your phone on? Do you have the same number?”
Doo Ri nodded enthusiastically to every question. Leo was going to call her. They were going to get together. It was going to work out. Grandmother was right. She took her phone out of her pocket and turned it back on. They had been instructed to keep them off during the concert. Leo grabbed the phone, thumbing to the text messages, wanting to make sure they were not full.
“Hey, why did Shinwoo text you?” Leo asked.
“Shinwoo? He sent me a message?” Doo Ri questioned back.
She looked at the text message where Leo pointed. It was the unfamiliar number that told her about the K-Entertainment job.


Chapter Thirty-Eight: Mac at Eleven Weeks of His Summer Job

When they packed up to return to Seoul, the group worked with mixed feelings. The schedule was still stuffed with appearances and concerts in the coming week, but no one really knew how the public would react. When they left Seoul, all the negative publicity concerned everyone, but for the last couple of days, that seemed to have died down, somewhat. They were also anxious because this was Mac’s last week. The summer would be over for him in a few short days. As much as they hated to see him go, the end of his contract approached and other commitments awaited him. That meant the group needed to figure out, soon, in what direction they wanted to head. Did they want to get another new member? Did they want to split up and work on solo careers? They had to decide. They could still wait a few more weeks, after Mac left, to decide, but they didn’t have too much time, overall. The popularity wave waited for no one, except Shinwoo’s father, who would be thrilled if the group decided to break up, and, of course Min-Jun who was anxious to get on with his solo career. K-entertainment lawyers told them that if the lawsuit got to court and the publicity over it grew any more, that would certainly bring an end to the group.
The managers expressed their concern, as well, over the negative publicity. The Japanese tour had been a great success, but if they couldn’t make it in South Korea, then the group would be dead. The managers saw that same thing happen to other performers, many times. So, as they walked up the jet way after their plane landed, everyone was lost in their own thoughts.
Shinwoo, Ji Hu, Leo, and Mac all hoped the fans had come around, like their counterparts in Japan. It seemed like that might be happening, judging from many positive comments on their fan site. Ji Hu and Leo teased Mac that South Korean girls would soon be wearing blue contacts, in addition to sporting those silly headbands. The two of them told Mac that they both wished the group stayed together after Mac left. They wanted their careers to continue, at least for a little longer.
Shinwoo, despite not saying anything to the rest of the group, inwardly felt the same way. He wanted the group to stay together so that he would not have to face his parents, especially his father. He might go solo, with probably the best chance of all of the group members, but was it worth it? If he went solo, it would be himself against everyone in his family. Right now, he had the rest of the group to back him up. He really didn’t want to be alone, despite his apparent aloofness.
Min-Jun thought quite the opposite of all the members. For some time, he wanted the group to split up so he could start his solo career and make it big, even bigger than G5. He anticipated an airport full of negative, angrily shouting people. He could imagine it now, the crestfallen faces of the four ahead of him walking through the airport. Their disappointment would be well worth it to remember and savor. With that in his imagination, he smiled broadly and walked up the jet way to the terminal.
Very apprehensive, Mac walked off the plane. If negative people greeted them, it would be all his fault. Well, maybe not all his fault directly, since there was nothing he could have done differently, but still, it was because K-entertainment decided to plug him into the group that this happened. If he had insisted, at that first audition, that he was in the wrong place and backed out of the whole thing, none of this would have happened. They probably would have picked a Korean, maybe one of those two guys he finished with at the audition. Lost in thought as he rounded the corner into the airport terminal, he bumped squarely into the back of Leo, stopped for some reason.
“Dude,” Leo said to him in English. “It’s bloody brilliant!”
“What?” Mac said, not really understanding what he meant. He couldn’t see anything, standing behind Leo. He could hear a crowd, but it was impossible to tell if they were yelling and screaming good things or bad. Leo stepped aside and Mac took a look. Hundreds of people lined the terminal, waving blue fans, pictures of blue eyes, and signs with “Mac!” written on them, amongst a smattering of other signs for other G5 members.
Shinwoo, Leo, and Ji Hu, all three, jumped on Mac at once, pounding him on the back and arms, good-naturedly. They joined the fans, smiling and shouting in his ears, “Mac! Mac! Mac!” The four of them walked through the terminal, smiling broadly, waving to their fans.
Min-Jun walked behind them, waving and smiling his fake smile, fuming inside.


Chapter Thirty-Nine: Shinwoo at Eleven Weeks of Mac’s Summer Job

Shinwoo grimaced, seeing the black limo at the airport, as they arrived back from Japan. It was pouring outside, but, up until a second ago, Shinwoo experienced a rare, sunny mood. That mood evaporated instantly as soon as the familiar limo came into view, waiting behind the band’s van.
Inside his father's vehicle, silence greeted Shinwoo. His father sat on the seat next to him in back, rather than the usual secretary. The car drove for some time before it pulled over by the side of the road, high up in the hills. Silence still reigned, as outside the rain pattered down on the roof and splashed the windows.
“I am dropping the lawsuit,” his father finally said to him, staring out his window, facing away from Shinwoo.
Shinwoo could hardly believe his ears! “Why?”
Again, there was silence for quite a while. Finally his father turned to him. “Your mother begged me to drop it. She couldn’t take the incessant, negative comments from all the ladies at the club. Their daughters, apparently, proclaimed me the most evil man in the world. She even got a call, in the middle of the night, from the wife of the Prime Minister of God knows what country.”
Shinwoo wasn’t surprised, since his mother ran in exclusive circles.
“Her daughter noticed your group a few months ago and was following you on the internet. Can you believe, she bought all your freaking music? The daughter was very alarmed at the lawsuit, and just like at the club, informed her mother, who nagged to your mother.”
This made Shinwoo laugh. He said to his father, “Aren’t you the most evil man in the world? I’m surprised a few comments from some old ladies stopped you in your tracks.”
“It didn’t. It was just the icing on the cake. The negative publicity toward the corporation stopped me. It is severely affecting profits. The stocks are down lower than they have been in years. To top that off, your teenybopper fans have started anti-slander campaigns, and people are now boycotting our products like crazy. I can’t afford to continue the lawsuit if I want the corporation to survive.”
“I see,” said Shinwoo. It would have to be business related for his father to stop this lawsuit.
“Can you believe she bought all your freaking music?” his father said to him, again.
“Well, yes,” said Shinwoo. “The songs are good. You should listen to them.”
“Are you insane?” his father asked. “Don’t answer that. I think I know the answer.”
The car drove back down the hillside and to the dorm. Before Shinwoo exited the car, he reached inside his jacket pocket and deliberately dropped his media player on the seat. The chauffeur shut the door and the limo drove away.
Inside the limo, his father picked up the player and put the ear buds into his ears. A song played softly. Shinwoo wrote this piece, shortly after he joined G5. Shinwoo’s father heard his son’s voice singing, the emotion enveloping the tune. This ballad was about a father and a son and the missed opportunities, throughout life, they had to tell each other of their love for one another. It was a haunting tale, that Shinwoo wove through the music as he sang.
Shinwoo’s father watched the rain running down the window, as he listened to the song, wondering if it was too late for the two of them.


Chapter Forty: Me at Eleven Weeks of My Summer Vacation

“Mac! Mac! Mac!” we all shouted at the top of our lungs. We exited, the whole family together, after the end of the Saturday matinee G5 concert. Mother, Hye Soon, her husband and the twins along with Sam, who joined us in South Korea for the last two weeks of vacation. He brought all of his family up to see the concert, as well.
Now, waiting in the lobby with all the other groupies, we joined in the melee, shouting and jumping. The twins proudly wore their blue eyes headbands, but so did Hye Soon, Mother, and Grandmother. They all wore the blue eyes of my son. We expected the band members to come out soon, to sign autographs to a lucky few. We were taking Dan with us and out to dinner afterward, a rare treat for him, now that he had become so popular. Sam rented the back room of a restaurant not far away, and we planned a private, happy meal behind closed doors with our family star.
We heard the increased squealing of fans in the lobby and out came the G5 members, each ushered to a different spot, and instantly surrounded by adoring fans, all wanting things signed. I saw Dan in the center of a group of headband-wearing, excited girls. He smiled politely and put his signature on anything they shoved in his face. All of the sudden, he whooped then lifted one of the twins up in the air and twirled her around. As soon as he set her down, he lifted the other twin and did the same thing, clearly happy to see them, a broad, grin covering most of his face. How did they get over to him so quickly? No sooner than he put down the last twin, I saw him pick up his Grandmother, Sam’s mother, and spin her around, as well, the fans reluctantly giving Dan the space he needed. She laughed, delightfully. All the other fans viewed the twins and Grandmother with envy, it was clear to see. With his eyes, Dan followed, through the crowd, to where the twins pointed and he waved at me. I waved back, delighted to see my son so happy.
We waited backstage after the short autograph period, for Dan to change and get his stage makeup removed, then he was free to go with us to the restaurant. He walked down the hallway with another one of the G5 members in tow.
“Mom!” he shouted when he spotted me in the hallway. “This is Shinwoo. Is it all right if he comes with us? He’s never eaten hamburgers.”
Naturally, the restaurant Sam picked had to be one that served hamburgers. Sam and Dan challenged themselves, for every vacation, to find a restaurant that served American-style hamburgers. Over the years, outside of the U.S., they sampled burgers in Germany, Italy, England, and the Caribbean. Leave it to Sam to pick a restaurant to continue that tradition the two of them shared. I hoped this establishment served more than burgers, though. I couldn’t picture my mother eating a hamburger.
It was with relief that the restaurant we arrived at was an elegant, traditional Korean restaurant. Sam whispered to me, in the car on the way, not to worry, the restaurant promised to serve anything and everything that the G5 stars wanted, whether it was on the menu or not, so happy were they to be able to boast about their popular patrons. Mother would not freak out, and Dan and Sam would be pleased, as well.
In the restaurant, we all sat on cushions, at low tables, and scanned the menus. Across from Dan and Shinwoo, I politely made conversation, asking Shinwoo where he grew up and such. He didn’t talk much, I realized, but curtly answered my questions with as little information as possible. He was a strange character. When the appetizers arrived, I picked up an octopus tentacle with my chopsticks and placed it on top of the rice in Shinwoo’s dish. It is always polite to offer company the first bite, and I only did what I had been taught and came as second nature. Shinwoo inspected it carefully then looked at me and I wondered if he didn’t like octopus. Everyone else waited, expectantly, for Shinwoo to take the first bite.
“Please,” I said. “try the octopus, unless you don’t like it. It is one of my favorite dishes.”
Shinwoo slowly picked up his chopsticks and ate it. I then put one of the slices of duck onto his rice, again, encouraging him to eat, as was polite and good manners. I went down the line, putting a sample of each dish onto his rice. As he finished one, I placed another there. Dan, I saw, along with everyone else, waited until Shinwoo sampled a dish before digging in, and dig in he did. Along with everyone else, the chopsticks flew and not much conversation occurred due to all that munching. Occasionally, Dan grabbed a morsel off an appetizer dish and put it on Shinwoo’s rice, encouraging him to try this or that, too. Finally, Shinwoo tossed down his chopsticks and disappeared out the door, surprising Dan, as much as the rest of the family.
“Dan!” Grandmother said, “What did you do to drive your guest away?”
“I have no idea,” Dan said, and got up to go after Shinwoo.
I stopped him halfway to the door. “Let me go after him,” I said. “You enjoy the opportunity to be with your family. You won’t have much time left in Korea, and they want to be with you.”
Dan sat back down and I went in search of the K-pop star. It wasn’t hard to find him. I only had to follow the squeals. He stood outside the restaurant on the sidewalk, trying to ignore the girls that now surrounded him. I grabbed his hand and took him back inside and into the restroom, paying no heed if others were in there. The older woman fixing her hair quickly left when she saw the young man. I turned and faced Shinwoo.
“Are you ill? Should we call a car for you? We didn’t mean to make you angry or upset, certainly not to drive you away…,” I left off.
Shinwoo stood with his head down. Silence greeted me. After a moment, I cleared my throat. Clearly something was wrong, but he was reluctant to speak. Whatever could it be?
“Shinwoo, is everything all right?” I again asked, a little softer this time.
He finally looked up at me. A tear rolled down his cheek and he quickly turned his face away when he realized that I had seen this.
“What’s the matter?” I asked, a bit more sympathetic.
Clearly upset, something bothered Shinwoo. Still, he didn’t speak. I took a tissue from the box on the vanity and gently took his chin in my hand. I wiped the tear from his cheek with the tissue.
“Son, what ever is the matter?” I asked, using a term that an elder woman would use to one in her family.
Shinwoo let out a small sob and, impulsively, hugged me close, putting his head down on my shoulder. I let him cry, like that, knowing that whatever it was would work itself out. In a minute, he let me go.
“Sorry,” he said sniffing softly and wiping the corners of his eyes.
“There’s no need for you to be sorry,” I said. “If there’s a problem, I want to help you.”
“There is no problem,” he answered. “I just never knew what it was like to have a loving mother before tonight. It felt good…nice. It made me realize this is what Mac has all the time and this is what I have never experienced.”
Now, I was the one starting to get weepy. I guessed that Shinwoo was not close to his mother or his family and I was sorry for him.
“Shinwoo, please,” my hands swept the hair from his eyes, “you are always welcome in our family.”
He nodded.
Later, when we returned to the table, the appetizers were gone and the drinks had started making the rounds as everyone waited for the entrees. Dan already consumed one beer and was working on his second, happy that the drinking age was not a problem for him in Korea. I thought I’d better keep an eye on him to ensure he didn’t drink too much. The rest of the adults drank wine or soju, with the twins having big glasses of orange juice. We sat down, and our entrees entered, proudly placed in front of us by a team of waiters.
“Shinwoo,” Dan nudged his friend on the elbow, “I ordered for you.” A mischievous smile on his face, Dan winked exaggeratedly at me.
“In fact,” Dan toasted his glass at his father, who clinked back with duplicate wink, “I ordered for everyone!”
Oh no! I groaned inwardly. Covers dramatically removed from the entrees by each waiter revealed Dan’s order. Placed in front of each diner resided a fat hamburger with a mountain of french fries encircling it. Dan grabbed his burger with his hands, something my mother would not do, preferring to use utensils to eat the dish, and stuffed it into his mouth. He had the most enjoyable expression on his face as he chewed his burger, cheeks full of the sandwich, and gestured for everyone else to eat as he chewed. Shinwoo looked at his burger and then back at Dan, and copied the exact same eating form that Dan displayed. Everyone laughed.
When we dropped the two young men off at their dorm much later that night, me not sure how much beer and/or soju they really had consumed, I said good-bye to them.
“Dan, we’ll see you next week when we pick you up for the airport. I’ll text you the time.” I hugged him and kissed him good-bye. “Good luck with your last few concerts.”
Then I turned to Shinwoo. I hugged him, as well.
“Shinwoo, you are always welcome to visit. Come any time you like.” Hye Soon also echoed my good-bye and told him to make sure to visit her. She would be disappointed if he didn’t. Naturally, the twins would be extremely disappointed if he didn’t visit.


Chapter Forty-One: Mac at Twelve Weeks of His Summer Job

The last concert was scheduled for the day before Mac returned to the U.S. It was business as usual for the band, even though they all realized this would be the last performance for Mac, their summer replacement. A godsend to the band, he kept it alive all summer while they decided where they wanted to head. Whether they kept going with just four members, broke up and went solo, or added another recruit was still up in the air, but being finalized by most of the members. The director added a clause to Mac’s contract, should he ever want to come back to the band, but otherwise, released him without the public knowing. There was time enough to market the loss correctly, as they did when Jung-Ja had his accident. The director and management tried hard to talk Mac out of returning to college, but Mac wanted to continue on with his undergraduate degree and not stop right in the middle. If he stopped, it would be very hard to pick it up at some unknown point in the future.
Mac now performed in all the concert numbers, all the way through every concert, even the martial arts numbers. He was not surprised that, by the end of the summer, he really enjoyed wearing the historical garb and doing those particular numbers. Learning the Haidong Gumdo techniques had been very interesting and well worth the effort. This concert, Mac was up for a solo, and the group added one more number, although they didn’t tell Mac. It was an encore just for him. Shinwoo composed it and the group had to sneak time to practice it without Mac. Now that Mac was up-to-speed with all the routines, he no longer needed as much individual coaching and instruction. Getting time away from him meant that the group made up excuses to keep him occupied elsewhere. And make up excuses they did, but the one that worked the best was the real need for the four guys, Shinwoo, Ji Hu, Leo, and Min-Jun to get together to discuss the future. The four guys used that time to fine-tune Shinwoo’s composition.
During one of those sessions, near the end, one of the managers interrupted, saying that the director needed to see Min-Jun right away. Min-Jun disappeared for about an hour and came back red in the face and glum. Practice no good after that, they quit for the day. Min-Jun would not say why the director needed to see him, so they left him alone with his mood.
The night of the final concert, there was some sadness knowing this was the last time Mac would have makeup put on his face and his hair done up by stylists. At least, this summer, he learned how to keep his hair in check so he no longer grew a space alien on top of his head. With careful grooming, going forward, he learned he could keep it tamed. It was the last time he had to stuff himself into too-tight trousers and tops, something he wasn’t going to miss. But, it was the last time he would sing with a bunch of guys he had gotten very close to and loved like brothers. He knew he would keep in touch with most of them. Keeping up-to-date was only an email or text message away, after all. Still, he would miss not being with them every day, all day, although some of those days this past summer got very, very long.
He slipped into the makeup chair and the artist painted the black band across his eyes and temples and applied the glitter. She touched up the tips of his hair to match the costume in the first set then all the stylists gathered around him and wished him well in his schooling, smiling, crying, and hugging him.
He went to the dressing room and was fitted into his first costume of the night. He remembered his first concert when he thought he wore a straight jacket all night. Now his costume felt normal, the sleeveless, black leather and metal top over tight black stretch trousers and high topped sneakers. The costumers also gave him their-goodbye’s, but said they’d be to the after party that night. That was one difference from the other concerts. A huge after party was planned at one of the near-by hotels on their roof top, with all the cast and crew invited, and then some. Mac planned on getting sloshed, since he wouldn’t be able to do that back in the states until next year when he turned twenty-one.
Heading backstage as the audience warmed up with the lead-in group, a new one of six young guys and girls, all recruited from performing arts schools in Seoul, Mac listened to the music, liking the beat. The lyrics needed some work, though, then he chuckled to himself. Listen to me! I’m a critic! The warm-up group finished and filed off the stage, gazing reverently at the G5 idols, hoping one day they would become big names in the industry, like their elders. Mac heard the introduction, and ran out on stage with the rest of the guys, the last concert began.
Each number went along with no glitches what-so-ever. Mac did his solo, not Mallory’s song but another song, the one he wrote about Winnie, when he was in the airplane on the way to South Korea. Winnie would probably find out sooner or later if she purchased the latest music released this past week. Number three on the new album, Mac sang the song all in English, too. With the solo over, the group moved to the next set and then the martial arts numbers, swirling in their costumes and slashing their swords in unison to the song. Mac saw Doo Ri smiling as she played her gayageum. Finally, they finished the last number then all stood on stage and did their signature three gestures, the bow, the “v” signs, and the fist-pumping, fighting sign. Mac turned to leave the stage but Shinwoo stopped him.
Shinwoo, after the crowd calmed down, said, “We’ve one last song to sing.”
The crowd went wild in happy knowledge that they could see their group sing one more than planned for number.
Shinwoo continued, “This one is for Mac, who joined us after Jung-Ja’s terrible accident. We all remember and love Jung-Ja, but this song is for Mac who helped us get back on track after the accident and got us to where we are today. We are grateful for the fans that boosted us up to the number one group in all of South Korea, maybe in all of Asia, now, but we know we couldn’t have done it without our Mr. Blue Eyes.”
The fans then went crazy yelling, “Mac! Mac! Mac!”
Shinwoo let them go, then sat down at the piano when things calmed down and started playing. The four guys all sang in perfect harmony, about blue robes, blue skies, and blue eyes, making the world go round, making hearts pound. On the last verse of Mac’s song, Shinwoo ditched the piano and they all sang in harmony, just their voices, soaring across the stage, as Mac watched, his eyes welling up a bit.
After they went backstage to the dressing room, Mac changed, ready for the after party. Shinwoo came up to him and slapped him on the back in an unusual gesture of affection.
Smiling, he said, “Congratulations, Mac.”
Mac thought Shinwoo was congratulating him on the last concert, but Shinwoo continued. “Congratulations, it only took you all summer, three long months, to get through one concert without throwing up! You learned something!” In his hand was a perfect chocolate cupcake with a candle on top.


Chapter Forty-Two: Mac in September

Back in full swing at school, classes resumed two weeks ago for Mac. After another restless night tossing and turning and getting less than three hours of uninterrupted sleep, he finally had enough and decided to try Grandfather’s recommendation.
Earlier, he dreamed the church dream, again. He had tried to talk to Mallory, while in his dream state, but couldn’t do it. He always woke instantly when he saw her eyes. This time, she was there, as usual, in the pew in front of him. She wore the pink gown, again, the one with the ties in the back. Flower petals, in dark pink swirled all over the gown in a random pattern. Mac knew it well because he wore one nearly like it, in the hospital. The ties uncomfortably dug into his back as he lay in his bed, not moving much for fear the pain would be too much to bear. Mallory’s kitty purse hung across her body, diagonally. Mac knew exactly what that purse contained.
Mallory’s bald head also grew no eyebrows or eyelashes. If he touched his own head, he would feel it’s smoothness as well, a mirror of Mallory’s. He knew he had no eyebrows or eyelashes, just like Mallory. If he looked down, he was sure he would see his hated gown, cowboy hats and ropes in a random print running on top of the blue. How he loathed cowboy anything afterward, always favoring ball caps, instead.
He was shaking and sweating. He often had uncontrollable shaking from the pain of his disease and the drugs pumping through him. The sweating also came frequently, bathing him in wet.
Mallory turned to him. Her eyes, sunken deeply into her face at the end, were ringed with black and blue, yet, they shone brilliantly, wet with tears. He awoke instantly, as always, breathing heavily and bathed with sweat, just like in the dream. At first, he didn’t recognize his surroundings, then, as he gradually calmed down, objects around his college dorm came into focus. He heard Brad softly snoring on the bed across the room. At least this time he didn’t call out and wake his room mate. He had done that before, and Brad was not very nice when he was abruptly awoken from a deep slumber.
With too little sleep the last five nights, Mac was at wit’s end. The dreams were coming every night, now, and frequently more than once in a night. He was pushed to the point where he had to do something. He needed to study and take exams. Lack of sleep was going to affect his grades, big time. He decided it was time to try Grandfather’s plan and say good-bye to Mallory. Could he let her go? He wasn’t sure. He really didn’t want to, but he realized that he needed to. Talking to her in his dreams didn’t work. He was ready to try more drastic measures.
On Saturday, he went home and asked his mother to go to the cemetery with him. Mac could have gone alone, as he usually did when he felt the need, but this time he wanted his mother along. Not sure why, he knew, never-the-less, she would come with him. All he had to do was ask.
They parked alongside the cemetery lane and progressed past the other silent graves, slowly, up to her plot. Mac’s mother laid her bouquet near the pink granite stone that sat flush to the ground. Mallory H. Young, 1994 - 2003. His mother brushed back the grass that encroached the marker, slowly caressing the impression of the etchings as she did so. A cross was carved into the left side of the marker, along with flowers and vines, and down in the right-hand corner a kitty face paid homage to Mallory’s favorite animal.
Mac’s mother stepped back and sat on the bench near the grave, giving Mac some space. Mac stood on top of the grave, looking down at the marker, remembering Mallory as he had known her, the Mallory of his dreams. He never knew her as her pictures portrayed at home, a smiling girl with long brown hair and eyelashes. The Mallory he knew was always bald, but always smiled unless she was having blood drawn, then, he tried to make her feel better by singing to her. She liked the little mermaid songs, so he picked the funny ones to sing. They both saw that movie probably a hundred times and knew the songs by heart. It never worked, though. She always cried, but thanked him afterward and smiled.
Mac looked up and noticed the sky, a beautiful blue that day, then he spoke out loud.
“Hi Mallory,” he said, still looking at the sky. “Today is brilliant blue, and the sun is warm. I hope you can see it, too, and feel it.”
He heard bird song and saw them fluttering from tree to tree on the edges of the cemetery. He looked down from the sky and trees to see Mallory standing next to him. He was not surprised. She was smiling. Wearing the pink hospital gown with the ties in back, her knobby, bare knees showed below the hem and her kitty slippers were on her feet. No dream this time, when she stared at him Mac didn’t need to wake instantly. He was already wide awake.
Mac smiled back at her. “Hello, Mallory.”
He opened the plastic grocery bag that he brought with him and reached inside, pulling out a fistful of pink rose petals, to match the flowers on Mallory’s gown. He tossed them high above his head, into the breeze. They floated down and swirled around and around him, gently falling to cover the grave then swirling around him again with a gust of wind. He tossed another handful, and another until the bag was empty. They continued to swirl around and around, as if stuck in their own cyclone, slowly circling him on top of the grave. Mallory watched and smiled, her hand coming up to try to touch the petals as they moved.
Mac observed her as she gazed, fascinated by the rose petals. He remembered her in the hospital, his friend, and her pain. He fell to his knees, still looking at her.
“Mallory,” he cried. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I never got to say good-bye to you.”
When Mallory died, Mac was in his own crisis, bedridden, with the disease winning over his fight. Mac sobbed heavily.
“Good-bye Mallory. I love you, but I’ve got to let you go.”
He sat back on his heels and dried his tears, then he said what he always did at the beginning of Mallory’s song, “This is for you, Mallory. Keep me strong,” and started singing. Of course, he didn’t make it through the last line without sobbing. As he sang, Mallory turned toward her mother and smiled, then she gently faded away until only the breeze softly swirled the rose petals around and around on her grave.


Chapter Forty-Three: Me in September

Dan asked me to accompany him to the cemetery. He could have gone alone, and he frequently did, as did I, but this time, he asked specifically that I go with him. With no idea why, I still didn’t resist the request. We set out on a lovely day in late September, one of those splendid fall days with the air still warm, the sky deep blue, and football in full swing. The cemetery sat next to a high school, and, as we exited the car, we heard an announcer, faintly, when the wind changed directions, from the game that was in progress.
I brought a bouquet of flowers, as I often did, and Dan toted a large plastic grocery bag filled with something. I had no idea what was in it, but it wasn’t heavy, and it was pink. I sat down on a bench near her grave. Even after eleven years, I missed Mallory every single day. Some days hurt more than others, but, yes, the pain had dulled to an ache over the years. I was still a bit jealous, I admitted to myself, that Dan saw Mallory in his dreams, as I had overheard him say to his grandfather during the summer. I never told Dan that I heard him tell his secret to his grandfather.
Dan walked over and stood on her grave, silent, with his head raised up to the sky. Was he praying? I wasn’t sure, but I was sure he was thinking about her. I heard him talking to Mallory, telling her about the beautiful day. He reached inside the plastic bag and brought out a handful of something pink and threw it in the air. It was rose petals. Mallory always loved roses, and, despite having to be in the hospital, frequently commented on how pretty the pattern was on her hospital gown.
Dan threw another handful into the air, and another. By then, the tears ran down my face. I saw him fall to his knees and sob, and that made me cry all the more. I heard him tell her good-bye and that he loved her. He was much braver than I ever could be. I never wanted to tell Mallory good-bye, but even though she would always be in my heart, I, too, knew I had to let her go. Dan was doing the right thing, but why was the right thing so painful?
I saw Dan sit back on his heals, staring to his right and nodding his head. He said, “This is for you. Keep me strong.” He began singing. It was a song all about Mallory and his love for her, full of longing and heartache, yet, in some way, full of healing, too. The song was beautiful. I had never heard it before and Dan's amazing voice carried in the breeze, giving me comfort.
As I cried, watching my son singing on top of Mallory’s grave, the pink rose petals gently moved in the breeze around and around his kneeling form. “Good-bye, Mallory,” I said, softly, then I saw her, standing next to my kneeling son. She was smiling at me, that big, beautiful smile, and her long, dark hair moved in the breeze. Wearing her puffy, pink party dress and headband with little cat ears, her kitty purse slung diagonally across her, a golden glow surround her little body. I held out my arms to her and watched while she faded into nothing.
Towards the end of the song, Dan started crying again, and I couldn’t make out the last line. It didn’t matter. I knew why he insisted I come. My son gave me the gift of Mallory. I had finally been able to see what I had longed for over the last eleven years, my little girl.


Chapter Forty-Four: Min-Jun in September

Min-Jun slouched on a bench by the river, watching the swirling current rush past. He’d been sitting here since three in the morning. He was sick of the gang boss calling and yelling at him for not contributing enough money. He made more money last month, alone, than the nightclub made in the last year! Money. Did everything boiled down to money? The boss didn’t have enough. Min-Jun never had enough. Even Mac only did this band stint for the summer to make enough money for college. Min-Jun was sick of money and everyone harping about money. It all boiled down to money, but it confused him.
If everything boiled down to money, why were some people so nice, then? Jung-Ja troubled him the most. Hopping around on crutches, the guy still smiled, even after he lost his job and his health. Min-Jun hated Jung-Ja because he was always smiling and helping people, even him. The night when Min-Jun posted the pictures and slander about Mac on the internet, Jung-Ja smiled at him and even tried to tell him that the G5 guys were his friends. Min-Jun was positive that Jung-Ja saw the picture on his computer, yet Jung-Ja never said anything to him about it.
What was with Shinwoo, too? Why did he protect Mac and the other guys so much? It almost seemed like Shinwoo was their older brother and would do anything for them. Even me. Shinwoo would do anything for me, too. Why? I don’t treat him well. I don’t treat anyone well. Why would Shinwoo protect me? When Min-Jun hit Mac in the van, weeks ago, Shinwoo jumped on top of him and held him down, but whispered in his ear not to worry, just calm down and it would be all right. Why would Shinwoo care if he was mad and needed to calm down?
Min-Jun realized he had no friends, anymore. He always thought of his gang as his brothers, doing anything to protect him. They were his family. But, since he moved to Seoul, more and more, the only thing the gang wanted was his money. Not one of his so-called brothers came to visit him in Seoul, ever. Yet, all the G5 members constantly visited their relatives and their families came to see them. Well, everyone except Shinwoo, but someone visited Shinwoo because Min-Jun saw him disappear into a sleek, black limo a few times. Heck, the rest of the G5 guys always made sure to invite Min-Jun out with them if they were all going for chi-mec or something. No one else ever invited him anywhere.
Min-Jun remembered the last time he visited his mother, and she cooked him a meal. How his sister pinned a poster of the band on her wall. Was his mother actually proud of him? She held his face in her hands, a tender gesture that Min-Jun couldn’t remember her doing since he was very little, and told him how he had made something of himself and not to go back to the gang. She was proud, he concluded, that he had joined the band.
He reflected on his life, now, and how he spent every week with the band. How he actually liked the singing and dancing and the perks. He thought of Mac and how he spent every free moment now, texting that girl he met in Japan. No girl ever texted Min-Jun. The only girls he ever visited just wanted his money for their services.
He kept coming back, again, and again to his mother and what she said on his last visit. He could feel her hands on the side of his face, hear her voice in his ear. He remembered what Jung-Ja told him in the dorm about friends. Finally, Min-Jun sighed. Yes, he admitted. He wanted the friendship of his band of brothers in G5, not the gang brothers. Yes, he admitted, again, he wanted the love of his mother. He didn’t want the gang, anymore. They only wanted his money. How could he fix his screwed up life? How had he been so wrong?
The river was dark and the current strong. It would be easy to slip into it and never return. He watched the rushing water for a while, contemplating if he should end his life. What good would that do? His mother would mourn him, he knew, and honor him each year on his death day. The G5 guys would miss him, but they would get over it soon enough. His gang would only miss him for the money he contributed. Those so-called brothers wouldn’t care a whiff if he was dead. He sighed. No. The river wasn’t the right way to end things. He had always viewed that as the way of the coward and he had never been a coward.
“Fuck it all to Hell!” he shouted into the swirling current.
How had his life become so messed up that he was seriously thinking of ending it? He laughed a pitiful laugh and punched his thighs. If only he could beat himself to a pulp like he wanted to beat Ji Hu every time he saw that smiling red head. That might take away some of the hurt inside and make it real on the outside. Why was he such a loser? Why had he hated Ji Hu so much? Or Mac, the pretty-boy that had come into their lives for only a short few weeks but managed, with his music and talent, to boost the popularity of the band higher than any other group in Korea. The current tempted but, again, he knew he couldn’t do it. He was alive, for whatever reason, and he needed to play out his life until it was really his time to go.
He decided there was only one way to fix himself. He had to wipe the slate clean and start from scratch. It would be terribly difficult and humiliating, but he deserved everything coming to him and more. After he fixed himself, he could start anew. He had talents and he knew it. He could sing, dance, fight, wield a sword, he had his good looks, and he wasn’t dumb. He could do something with one of those talents, somehow. He picked himself up from the bench and used his last few coins to ride the bus to the office. He had a confession to make, and then, maybe, he could start anew at another agency. If he worked hard, maybe he could make new friends and keep them. He was pretty sure his old friends were gone.


Chapter Forty-Five: G5 in October

The four guys arrived in the U.S. and, with the time change, tried to get used to daylight when it was dark, normally, for their internal clocks. If they stayed at home in Seoul, they’d be winding down and getting ready for bed in the dorm right now. Instead, they now geared up for the start of the day. They took only a small peek at the Nation’s capitol, in the dark, from a distance, on the highway last night after landing, and before traveling more than three hours to their destination near the small college town. Once they settled into the hotel, it had been difficult for any of them to close their eyes.
“Guys,” Ji Hu said, yawning at the breakfast table in the hotel, “Mac says his eyes won’t open until he has coffee in the morning. Maybe we should get some espresso? I think I’m going to dislocate my jaw if I yawn any more.”
Leo looked at him, bleary-eyed. “I don’t know how people do this,” Leo said. “How do they adjust so quickly to the time change? If we go international, we’ll have to get used to this, but how? This is nothing like going to Japan.” He yawned, again, then spotted his two band mates approaching the table. “Look at Shinwoo and Jung-Ja. They only slept for a few hours, too, but they look so refreshed, like they just came from the spa.”
“Shinwoo did just come from spa,” Jung-Ja said sitting down with a cup of black tea. “Have sauna this hotel. Where you think he’s been for last hour while you guys trying wake up by using all hot water in hotel? Before that, he dragged me exercise room and made work out, I swear, running half marathon. Run not too good, yet.” Jung-Ja grimaced, kneaded his thighs, and then yawned, as well, in answer. His legs worked, but running long distances still presented a bit of a challenge. Leave it to Shinwoo to keep challenging him. “Can’t get eyelids pried open, either, but exercise did help.”
Shinwoo sat down with a plate of fruit and yogurt, having disdained all the fatty foods on the breakfast buffet. “Eat,” he said, snarling.
Leo and Ji Hu dragged their bodies over to the buffet and filled their plates. Americans, it seemed, liked a hefty breakfast, with lots of protein and carbohydrates, eggs, sausage, bacon, fried potatoes, waffles, and donuts. They tried something of everything and ended up having several of the sugary, frosted donuts. Sufficiently buzzing with caffeine and sugar, they met their limo and were off in search of their friend Mac.
They were curious, now that it was daylight, to see Mac’s country. Of course, all of them had seen pictures of New York City, and L.A. and might even get to go there, if this trip worked out as intended. Mac had also shown them some photos of his college and a few of the area where he grew up. However, pictures didn’t really do justice compared to actually being there in person. The stretch limo drove down the highway and they took in the sites as they neared the university.
“Yuck,” Leo commented, “Americans are dirty. They throw their trash all along the side of the highway.”
“Yeah,” Ji Hu joined in, “and look, there must be a lot more wild animals over here, I’ve seen three dead somethings by the side of the road, already.” He pointed out a carcass being picked upon by some giant birds. “Those birds are huge! Ask the driver what they are, Leo.”
Ji Hu relied on Leo to translate, since Leo spoke fluent English. While Ji Hu understood more English than he spoke, having learned the language since grammar school, he preferred that Leo do the talking. He heard Leo asking the limo driver and the man providing a friendly reply.
“The driver says they are vultures and that they are common over here,” Leo told Ji Hu.
“Eeeww, vultures,” Ji Hu echoed back. “I thought they only existed in department stores when there was a huge sale.” They all laughed at the comment.
“At least trees pretty. Look at all colors of leaves. Autumn really quite beautiful here.” Jung-Ja, as usual, saw the good in the scenery rushing by, instead of the trash. “Look at tree over there, how red leaves are, and that yellow one other side road.”
With their mind off the trash, now, they viewed the beauty of the suburban landscape as the highway dumped them on to the small town roads of the university. The limo drove past the college football stadium and athletics complex, and finally let them and their manager out at a university bus stop in the middle of the campus. The party strolled the paths, admiring the buildings and the Georgian architecture. Stately brick and stone columned buildings lined a wide green swath of lawn where many students lounged with backpacks and books, napped or listened to music. Other students hurried back and forth along the same paths that the guys now traipsed. Not a soul bothered them or asked them for autographs. They had no gang of girls following them, giggling. It was not unexpected, since they knew, per Mac, that people in the U.S. didn’t know much about K-pop, but it was refreshing, as well. They ambled and rubbernecked, without worry of being accosted by anyone.
Walk they did, but it was not without curious stares, outright, from the students they passed. Americans weren’t shy about staring, either. No one taught them that it wasn’t polite to stare at strangers. It was hard not to notice the group. Most of them talked excitedly, back and forth, in Korean, and pointed at different things, like they had never seen any of this before, which they hadn’t. They appeared different from the students, too. Most of the students they passed wore sneakers, worn jeans, t-shirts and college logo hoodies with backpacks slung across one shoulder. By contrast, their own group, except for their manager, dressed in slim fitting, dark jeans and high top sneakers, with black leather jackets, some studded with metal adornments. On one of them, makeup rimmed his eyes, another wore his long hair high in a half ponytail, but all looked like they just came from the beauty parlor, with perfectly coiffed tresses.
They stopped at a cafe on campus, sitting down at a table. Leo and the manager went up to the counter and ordered coffee and tea for the group, along with several giant muffins and brought everything back on a large tray, depositing it in the middle of the table. There were other students in the cafe, some with books open, studying. One group of young men kept peering over at the G5 table, making comments and chuckling amongst themselves. It was apparent that they were laughing and talking about the South Korean group. Finally, Shinwoo had enough.
“Hey!” Shinwoo shouted at the other table, shattering the semi-quiet of the cafe. Students glanced up from their books to see who disturbed their studies. “What are you looking at?” He addressed the group of guys at the other table.
“You,” said one of them. “Isn’t it obvious? Where did you pretty boys come from? Looks like you just finished some K-pop concert or something,” the college guys snickered. “I mean, like really. Are you going to sing us a song or maybe dance your boy-band moves? Can you move at all in those clothes?”
The band members looked questioningly at each other wondering how best to answer the college boys. Shinwoo stared them down then spoke to the manager. The manager, the only one in a suit and tie, leaned down, got something out of his briefcase and went over to the college boys’ table. Soon enough he was back and the rest of the band members questioned Shinwoo, curious.
“Shinwoo had me give them each a signed picture of G5,” the manager said, to the questioning. This quieted the college boys considerably, as they all were now viewing the pictures and the group in a different light.
After snacks, the group went on a tour of campus and then in search of their objective, Mac. Directions to his dorm were obtained by Leo from the clerk in the bookstore, where they all purchased t-shirts, scarfs, or knitted caps with the university logo. Arriving at the dorm, they were let into the lounge by another student entering the building. The young man promised to knock on Mac’s door and shortly thereafter, another student arrived in the lounge.
“Hi, can I help y’all?” Brad said to the group. “I heard all y’all were wanting Mac.”
Hailing from the deep south, with a heavy southern accent, Brad never failed to play it up when meeting someone new. He could deadpan a mid-western accent with no problem, but it was fun to show his southern roots and he liked to have a good time whenever he could. Some entertainment was just the perk he needed from his chemistry book.
“Yes,” Leo jumped up and bowed slightly. “We were hoping to catch Mac Young here and wondered if he was around.”
The guy spoke with a serious British accent, Brad noted, and what was with the bow? The rest of them lounged in the chairs liked they owned the furniture and hardly glanced up. They all appeared foreign, Chinese, maybe, he couldn’t tell, but probably Korean, since Mac said he had South Korean ties. Brad heard a lot of Korean in the past two years from Mac. It seemed, almost every time Mac’s phone rang, he answered in Korean, something that sounded funny like “You bah say oh.” It seemed so strange to Brad to hear Korean coming out of the mouth of a blond, blue-eyed guy, but he had gotten used to it since they roomed together.
“He’s probably still in his exam. Mid-terms are a happ’nin, and I know he took his Thermodynamics exam today. Let’s hope everything went right good. He was worried, y’know? Speakin’ of worried, I gotta get back to my text book and finish memorizin’ stuff my brain can forget after tomorrow. If y’all want, all y’all can wait around a bit and if he shows up, I’ll send him right down. If not, you can catch him up at the coffee house later. I promised I’d show up tonight, too, so I’d better get crackin’ the book harder.”
Laying on the accent, even thicker, Brad told them which coffee house and what time, and with that, left the room snickering to himself, and left Leo scratching his head. What did he mean by memorizing a bunch of stuff he could forget tomorrow? Huh? Cracking the book? It was hard to understand him. Leo had read about the southern accent, but never actually heard one. He always thought the accent was just a lot of y’alls and such. While Brad spoke several of those, Leo didn’t understand many of the words that came out in a slow, lazy drawl. Brad was weird.
“What did he say, Leo?” Ji Hu asked.
“Umm…I think he said that Mac was playing at a coffee house tonight. Shinwoo, did you get that, too?”
Leo wasn’t positive he understood correctly, and wanted to see if Shinwoo heard the same. Shinwoo just acted confused and shrugged.
The guys waited for a few more minutes, then decided to check out the main street of the town. There promised to be more interesting places to investigate. Besides, outside was much more intriguing, what with the girls on towels in the grassy spaces, some in skimpy swimsuits and others walking by in short shorts or long, tight leggings that left nothing to the imagination.
“Hmm, I wouldn’t mind going to college if it meant having that view every day,” Shinwoo said to no one in particular. They all couldn’t help but agree. Mac never mentioned any of these sights.
After shopping in every store on main street, they argued over where to eat dinner. Everyone wanted a different restaurant or type of cuisine, none of them being shy about trying new foods. They finally settled on a local brew pub. They all liked beer, so trying a local brew sounded promising. However, they were soon disappointed when, of the four of the band members, only Shinwoo and Jung-Ja were allowed to drink alcoholic beverages. Ji Hu and Leo were underage in the U.S., something that disappointed both of them. The younger two settled for a drink called root beer, which turned out to be sweet, and not beer at all, although the appearance of it suggested a dark, foamy-headed stoudt. Ji Hu turned up his nose at the anise, licorice-type flavor, but Leo loved it and downed two large glasses, slurping the sugary drink like water. They both, surreptitiously, tasted the beer delivered to their elders. Later, satiated with food and drinks, and eager to meet up with Mac, they all were anxious to get on with their lives.


Chapter Forty-Six: Mac in October

After two autograph requests by his dorm, Mac bounded up the steps, on his way to his room. He signed a couple of autographs now and then, mostly South Koreans or Japanese that studied abroad in the U.S. He completed his mid-term, the last exam for the day, in the late afternoon. He’d maybe have time for a quick nap before he went to the library to study for the next exam. His mind was still on the Thermo exam questions, hoping he did well. It was hard to tell. The questions were difficult, and not ones that memorizing the textbook would solve. He figured he had it right by combining his knowledge of calculus, physics and the textbook formulas. He’d find out when he got his grade, though. Statistics wouldn’t be as hard. That really was just a matter of applying the right formulas to solve the problem. He needed to keep studying, though, to make sure he had those formulas down pat.
Nearly two months passed since Mac left South Korea and returned to school. Mac said good-bye to them all and left for home but the final few days in South Korea with the band were hard on everyone. They still struggled to decide where to take the band, or even if they would continue together. It was sad, with the the situation compounded even further by the passing of Mac’s grandfather in the hospice. Since he spent most of his time with the band, Mac was glad his father flew to Seoul to comfort his mother. She took it hard, even though she had not seen Grandfather for the last thirty-four years. Everyone in G5 and K-Entertainment, it seemed, paid their respects at the funeral. Dan, wearing a mourning band of black and white pinned to the arm of his suit stood next to his black-robed grandmother, holding her elbow to support her as the people filed into the viewing room. The coffin, packed tightly with sprays of flowers covering every millimeter, displayed a picture in the center, draped in black ribbon, of Grandfather. The mourners knelt on a mat in front of his picture and bowed their heads to the floor in respect. Mac was surprised by the outpouring of sympathy to his family, and the packed church at the funeral service. After the funeral, his grandmother handed his mother a thin, rectangular box tied with a faded, pale pink ribbon, which made his mother cry. She never opened the box, but clutched it close to her heart.
Mac no longer worked at the coffee shop near the university, but he stopped by, every now and then, to sing at open mic night. In fact, he promised to sing later tonight. He used those times just like he did before the summer, to help relieve the stress of school. He also loved it that he could go anywhere and do anything without most people recognizing him like they did in South Korea. Every once in a while he got asked for an autograph or two, like today, but that was rare.
Upon coming back to school, he met up with his old room mate, Brad. They shared a room, again, this semester. They seemed to be compatible enough, they both agreed. They might as well stick with each other rather than take pot luck in the room assignment lottery. Mac never told Brad about his summer job, only Winnie knew of his stint in the world of K-pop. If Brad knew, he would probably never leave it alone and tease him constantly. Mac remembered his audition and his own negative reaction when the K-entertainment management asked him to fill the slot in a K-pop boy band. Be in one of those silly dancing and singing groups and watch teens, maybe even pre-teens, go gaga? Not him, for sure! Wow, had things changed since then. With a new respect for his band mates and their music, he admitted, some of the songs they still sang and some of the routines were, quite frankly, pointedly for those teenage girls. He wouldn’t mind if the group gave up singing those particular songs.
When he walked into the dorm room this semester, on move-in day, carrying his oversized duffel bag crammed with his favorite worn jeans, t-shirts, hoodies, and sneakers, a guitar case slung across his back, and a rather large box with his books and computer, he plopped everything down on the floor with a bang. Brad, lying on one of the beds, had already unpacked.
“Hey, y’all! I thought I was rooming with Mac Young,” Brad said lazily from the bed. He sat up, scratching his stomach. “What did y’all do with him? Or, more importantly, where did you leave his hair?” Brad laughed, pointing to Mac’s head. “What did you do to your head, Mac? Did you spend the summer with a hair stylist?”
“What?” Mac fingered his hair. Now that he’d spent the summer learning how to train it to behave, it was ingrained in him to keep it that way. “Oh, this. I had some lessons and learned how to keep my alien under a leash.” They both laughed.
“Not too bad, man,” Brad said. “Y’all will break some hearts, now, I think. So what did you do over the summer? Did you get a job at the beach?”
“Naw. I went to South Korea with my mother,” Mac answered. “What did you do?”
Before Brad could answer, there was a knock at the door. “Excuse me, is this Mac’s room?”
“Winnie!” Seeing Winnie, again, overjoyed Mac. They exchanged information about when each would return to campus and agreed to get together as soon as they both came back.
“Wow!” Brad exclaimed. “Y’all spent the summer out of the country, and had time to hook up with this gorgeous creature?”
“Brad, meet Winnie. We met in Japan.” Mac pulled Winnie into the room.
“That was some summer you had, man!” Brad smiled in approval.
Mac chuckled. Yep, Brad would really have a laugh if he knew what he had done over the summer. Now, rounding the corner after his exam, he unlocked his door and entered the room. Brad, a bio-chem major, buried his head in his Organic Chemistry book. Mac knew Brad sweated bullets about his upcoming mid-term. Brad said that Organic Chemistry was the hardest course at school and he was worried about passing, seriously worried. So far, only a small few in the class had passed. The teacher didn’t grade on a curve, so if the majority failed, then they failed.
Brad thought Mac strange, but liked him and was used to living with him, having stayed room mates from last year. He loved to give Mac a hard time about how Mac ate with chopsticks, or spoke Korean. Brad often heard conversations on the phone or computer, all in Korean. Mac, of course, kept in touch with his friends and his family back in South Korea while he lived in the college dorm.
“Dude,” Brad said and nodded as Mac entered the room. “How’d it go?”
“Hey,” Mac replied and threw his backpack down next to his desk. “I think it went all right. I think I passed.” Mac lay down on his bed and put his arm over his eyes to block the light. “I could use a cup of coffee.”
“Oh, speaking of coffee,” Brad said, loosing most of the traces of his southern accent. “On your way out to get me a cup, stop in the lounge. Some weird dudes hung out in there, earlier, and said they’d wait around a bit.”
“What do you mean get you a cup?” Mac understood that request loud and clear. “What do you mean by weird and why should I go there if they are weird?”
“I just thought you might like to hang out with them, since y’all are so weird, yourself,” Brad commented. “And none of that white stuff in mine to dilute it. I want it straight up, black. The blacker the better.”
“Uh, OK. Fine.” Mac figured he could do Brad the favor, this once, since Brad was so anxious about his upcoming exam. “Black. Would you like the dark Mexican roast, the Guatemalan breakfast blend, the inferior standard roast, the strawberry blend, the Colombian dark—”
Brad cut him off, “Stop showing off your barista talents. Just black, any black. Get going before my last caffeine wears off and I get grouchy.”
Smiling at Brad, Mac wondered about these weird guys. He walked down the hall toward the lounge and opened the door. It was empty. He went for coffee and came back to the room. With his head still in his book, every so often Brad highlighted something in bright yellow.
“There was no one in the lounge,” Mac informed him, handing him his coffee. “Here’s your Autumn blend.”
“Yeah, OK, as long as it is black and hot, I’ll take it. I don’t know one coffee bean from another.” Brad sipped and read at the same time. “Mmmm…good, though. Oh yeah! Those weird guys stopped by while you took your time getting coffee.”
“Enough with the weird guys. What gives?” Mac said, fully thinking Brad was pulling a trick on him.
“No, really!” Brad said. “The one with the Downton Abbey accent said they had to get going but would be back some other time. There were four of them.”
“Uh, I think you’ve inhaled too much coffee, already,” Mac told Brad. “Either that or studying is finally affecting your brain, and not in a good way.”
“You’re probably right. I’ll come see you later at the coffee house, then. You’re singing, again, right? I can’t stay too long, but I’ll bring Steph. She likes that sappy, lovey-dovey stuff you sing. Promise me, though, that you’ll play some of the foot stomping, hand clapping tunes, too, OK?” Brad intoned. “I’m gonna pull an all-nighter, I think, so I need something lively to keep me going.”
“You got it,” Mac let him know and then took off for the library, skipping the nap. No rest for the weary, he thought. I’d better get in whatever time I can with that statistics book so I’ll be ready for the exam.
At the library, he texted Winnie for a few minutes. She was actually in her history class, at the time. Mac had been delighted to find out that Winnie not only was from the same area in the U.S., but attended the same university. Their paths never crossed in the past two years at school, but what a great coincidence. Since Japan, he and Winnie texted constantly, anxious to see each other at school soon. Now at school, they hung out frequently. He let her know about his coffee house gig later and wished her luck on her exam taking place at the same time that night.
At the coffee house, Mac noticed it was crowded, as usual, when he stepped in that night. A girl sang up on the stage. Not half bad, she needed to clean up her music a bit, but, hey, she got up and sang, at least. He wondered if he sounded like her when he first started playing here. His voice improved drastically over the summer, with all the coaching, lessons, and practice. He nodded to the manager and baristas and they waved back. The manager came around and spoke to him.
“She’s the last on the lineup, tonight, Mac. If you want, you can have the mic next.”
“Sure. I brought my own guitar.” Mac gestured to the beat up case he carried. He didn’t need to borrow any equipment, anymore. He hand-carried this guitar back from Seoul, complete with autographs on it from all his buddies, staff, and managers. It was the very same guitar he played all summer. Every time he sang, now, he brought along his own instrument, this guitar. He liked the comfort it brought when he played, like stepping into a pair of comfy jeans, he told the manager. He glanced around at the patrons and spotted Brad with his girlfriend, Stephanie. They spotted him, too, and waved him over to their table where he listened to the music until it was his turn.
The stage was tiny, but then, again, it was small compared to this past summer and the stages he danced and sang upon. Every time he came back to the coffee house to sing, now, he remembered the summer and everything that happened. What a trip that had been! It was like a million to one chance that landed him in that spot. One that he was sure would not be happening again, any time soon. But that was fine with him. His primary job was finishing his undergraduate degree and going on to graduate school, he decided. Nothing like being a scholar, right Grandfather?
He lightly tuned the guitar, then started in with Brad’s request, a foot stomping, hand clapping, happy tune, one of the new ones he’d made sometime within the month. Anxious to try it out, he used the coffee house to test his new music, just like he did before the summer. When he composed this song, he’d been happy, thinking of the blue sky and puffy clouds, walking hand-in-hand with Winnie on the trail along the creek. He finished that one to a hearty round of applause and started right in on the next, an older one that he had sung with the rest of the G5 guys in the dorm, but never recorded or played in any concerts. It sounded fine solo, but as he sang, he remembered it with four more voices. Suddenly, he realized he wasn’t remembering, the voices he heard were real! He looked up from his guitar, scanning the tables and sure enough, there they sat, Shinwoo, Ji Hu, Leo, and also, Mac was surprised, Jung-Ja. The three G5 guys sang along together with Mac, harmonizing at the right spots, just like they sang it back in the dorm in Seoul. Mac smiled and stopped at the end of the song.
“Looks like I’ve got a fan club here, tonight,” he said into the microphone.
Everyone clapped and hooted.
“Thanks, but I meant I’ve got some old buddies of mine that want to lend a hand.”
Mac gestured for the guys to come up on stage. Shinwoo, Leo, and Ji Hu walked up, grabbed a chair, and sat down with Mac, shaking his hand hello and slapping him on the back. Then, without any preamble, Mac led into a G5 song, and the guys fit right in singing it. It didn’t matter that most of the words were in Korean, with some English smatterings, people got the gist. At the end, everyone clapped and yelled for more, so Mac obliged and they played two more, with all the guys singing. Finally he stopped.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he said. “I want to introduce you to the group G5, straight from Seoul, South Korea! You probably aren’t aware, but they top the charts in the South Korea, something like the top forty billboards, here.”
Everyone clapped and hollered their approval.
Shinwoo leaned down to the mic and added, “Mac topped the charts at number one for six weeks this summer.”
Everyone clapped louder. Mac noticed Brad with his mouth open in disbelief.
“Thanks, Shinwoo,” Mac said. “It was an interesting summer, wasn’t it?”The guys all nodded, grinning from ear to ear. “Time for me to turn the mic over to whomever wants to go next.”
No one got up to take it, though.
“Anyone?” he asked.
He looked around and saw Jung-Ja coming up to him and the guys.
“I take it. Go talk to guys.” Jung-Ja said to Mac in Korean.
Mac raised his eyebrow, questioningly. When Mac left at the end of August, Jung-Ja still hadn’t been able to sing anything. Mac could see that he now walked fine, without crutches. He stood and gestured for Jung-Ja to sit and handed him his guitar. Leaning down to the microphone, Mac said to the coffee house,
“This is Jung-Ja, everyone.”
They all clapped.
“Wait, Mac,” Leo said. “We’ve still got three things to do before we leave the stage.”
“Huh? Three things?” Mac asked.
“Yes.” Jung-Ja stood up with the other four, and the five of them bowed together, held their fingers up in “v” signs, and then did the fighting fists together. They all laughed, then let Jung-Ja take the mic as they went to the back of the room.
“Mac!” Ji Hu exclaimed. “We came to see you today, but couldn’t find you. Your room mate is strange, but he told us where you’d be tonight.”
Mac was about to tell them his room mate said the same of them when he heard the most mellow, alto voice singing, in English, a new song. It surprised him, but pleased him, all the same. So Jung-Ja could sing now, after all! It was a great song, and they all listened for a bit.
Finally, Shinwoo turned to Mac, “He learned something,” Shinwoo said. “You did, too.”
Mac nodded. Yes, many things. He learned how to be a K-pop star, how to dance in tight clothes and in historical costume and, eventually, how not to throw up during every concert. He learned how to wield a sword, and how a sword was important to his family. He learned, through Shinwoo, not to take the love of his family for granted, and he was grateful for that love, too. Lastly, most importantly, Mallory was gone, now, resting in peace. He learned how to let her go.
After a few moments listening to Jung-Ja and contemplating the past summer, Mac said back to Shinwoo, “You learned something, too.”
He seemed pleased. “Yes. Your family sends their regards. Your aunt told me, when I last visited them, not to eat too many hamburgers here in the U.S. She said that they don’t make them as well as the Koreans.” They both laughed.
Apparently, Shinwoo took advantage of that invitation to visit Mac’s family in South Korea. Mac was glad. He chuckled thinking of the twins’ reaction with Shinwoo visiting. Oh well, they would calm down, eventually. It wasn’t every day that one of the biggest K-pop stars visited one’s home. Mac noticed that Shinwoo seemed a lot happier and that was what was important, in the long run.
“We came here because we need to ask you something,” Leo said to Mac. “We wanted to get to you before the management. They want to continue G5 with you in it, and we do, too. None of us really wants to go solo, yet. We want our little family of brothers back together, again, with you included.”
“Aww, Leo,” Mac said, “I can’t really do that. I’ve got school.”
“We aren’t asking for you to quit school, Mac. The managers figured things out. They finally listened to Shinwoo and plan to take the group internationally,” Leo nodded to Shinwoo. “They aren’t going to let you off the hook so easily, you know. You were, and are, an integral part of our group. We all feel that way. First, they want us to record more of our songs, in English. Next, they want you, on your school breaks, to tour around with us, as G5. They planned it all out so you can still go to school and finish, but you can be part of the band, too. The best of both worlds!” Leo caught a breath from his long speech. “The best IN the world!”
They all laughed and clapped Mac’s back.
“Where is Min-Jun?” Mac didn’t see him anywhere.
“He’s still in South Korea, or maybe he went to Canada, by now,” Leo continued. “The managers traced the internet pictures and slander, and found it came directly from the office. Someone within K-Entertainment deliberately created bad publicity about you. But that’s not all,” Leo said, pointing at Jung-Ja. “The police traced the license, from traffic internet cameras, of the car that hit Jung-Ja. They discovered it came from the same gang in Busan that Min-Jun is, or was, a part of.” Leo stopped talking long enough to grabbed Mac’s sleeve.
“Mac,” Leo said. “Apparently, Min-Jun confessed to everything! He walked into the office the day after you left for the States and told the director everything. K-Entertainment had suspected Min-Jun and confronted him shortly before you left, but he didn’t admit to anything then. Why he decided to confess is a mystery. He admitted that his gang planned the hit and run that hurt Jung-Ja. He confessed to personally posting the pictures and slander of you, as his gang boss instructed him to do. He wanted you to leave and the group to break up so that he could go solo and make more money for the gang,” Leo finished.
“Wow,” Mac was taken aback. “I never would have guessed, but he did have it in for most of us, didn’t he? He probably won’t have much of a solo career, will he?”
“K-Entertainment fired him, Mac,” said Ji Hu. “Jung-Ja decided not to press charges and asked K-Entertainment to go easy on Min-Jun, so they just fired him. He was trying to get picked up by another entertainment company when we left. He hadn’t given up completely. He also formally apologized to all of us, in front of the management. It was embarrassing how he got down on his knees and put his head to the floor. He didn’t need to stoop that low just for us. He told us he quit his gang, too. Amazing!”
“He can sing and dance, so maybe some other company will hire him and he can start a solo career. The public doesn’t know anything about what he did, and K-Entertainment decided to keep it quiet,” Ji Hu finished. “He wasn’t such a bad guy, really. He just had a temper, at times.”
They all sat, remembering Min-Jun and his temper as they listened to Jung-Ja singing.
“Will you stay with us, Mac?” Leo asked, again. The others looked at him expectantly.
“It would be a stretch. I’ve got plans for grad school after I get my undergraduate degree and I’ve got to keep my grades up. Spending all the holidays with you guys also leaves me little time with my own family,” Mac told them. “And little time with Winnie. Besides, do I really want to be in a boy band. Ugh. Do I want to listen to Shinwoo barking, “Again!” over and over? Do I want to wear itchy stage makeup, uncomfortable clothes and nurse blisters on my feet from too much dancing practice? Do I want to have my ear drums shattered by a hundred screaming girls wearing blue eyes on top of their heads?” He laughed.
They all laughed with him. “We know it will be hard for you, but we all miss you. You brought something to our band that we can’t replace. With you, we were number one. Without you, we don’t feel that way. We want you and your music,” Leo said. “Besides, we really miss the smell of peanut butter and coffee in the morning. Will you stay with us?”
Mac shrugged, and then nodded. “I miss you guys, too. In spite of the stigma of being in a K-pop group, I guess I can give it a try and see if it will work.” He got rewarded with a few affectionate arm slugs and broad smiles.
Mac laughed then scratched his head in wonder. “Who would have guessed that Min-Jun was behind everything? But wait,” Mac said to them, “without Min-Jun, that leaves the group with only four members, me, Shinwoo, Ji Hu, and Leo, not five. Who is G5?”
Leo, Shinwoo, and Ji Hu looked back at Jung-Ja, singing at the microphone. “G5,” Shinwoo said, nodding at Jung-Ja.

The end.

####
