

Dreamwalkers
a Wolf Point novel

by Kate Spofford



Published by Kate Spofford at Smashwords
Copyright © 2014 by Kate Spofford

Cover design by Kate Spofford
Cover background image by Andreas Krappweis, used with permission
Cover foreground image by Jason Nelson, used with permission

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.

First eBook Edition: May 2014




-1-

He left me. Daniel left me.
I can’t believe he left me. 
I can’t even follow his scent through the snow. It just disappears off into the cold white beyond. Dead of winter, in who-knows-where Nebraska, and he just left me here alone.
you knew this would happen you knew it all along
I would have noticed him leaving, except that I was so tired. Three days of walking and barely eating anything. After three months of running and trying to get home and barely eating anything. After three more months of searching for him—I ate well during that time, but it has become really hard to remember what a full stomach feels like.
I don’t know how Daniel made it this far all half-starved like he is. I don’t know how far he’s going to make it on his own.
He survived for three years on his own. I guess he doesn’t really need me. Or want me.
I wanted to trust him.
All around me is white unbroken snow. No idea which way he’s gone. I take a moment to reposition my scarf over my face and wonder at the weird pain in my leg.
you trusted him and look what happened you’re better off on your own
I have to keep moving. 
I’ve wasted enough time already trying to find Daniel. Started out last June, following the trail of newspaper reports. They called him The Beast, The Cannibal Killer, The Freeway Murderer. No one knew what he looked like, but the people he killed were unmistakable. Bodies dismembered, half-eaten.  Sometimes they thought it must be an animal. If the body was found in the forest, usually it was attributed to an animal.  The bodies found in trucker motels, on the other hand, got chalked up to the Freeway Murderer. No one ever remembered seeing anyone who looked like they could inflict that kind of damage to a person–he’d have to be over six feet tall, hugely muscled. They thought he might have some kind of deformity from the bite marks they’d analyzed. The other description was a man with an attack dog, but what kind of trucker would give a ride to someone like that? 
No one would have looked at Daniel and thought, There’s the Cannibal Killer.
I almost didn’t recognize Daniel when I first saw him, except for his scent, but even that was buried beneath layers of road dirt and a foul kind of garbage-sweat smell, like he hadn’t showered in a long time and had been rooting around in trash cans for food on top of that. He certainly didn’t look like the Daniel I remembered. His cheeks all hollow, his black hair long and dirty. So skinny. I was used to the way he walked all hunched over, he walked like that before, flinching from his dad, hiding from the kids at school. When he talked to me, I quickly realized that he didn’t know who I was. And he didn’t know what he was.
My mom and my aunt Jenny, Daniel’s mom, they talked about Daniel like the Second Coming. 
“He’s so strong,” they said. “Your grandmother told us he was going to be the next alpha. You should have seen what he did to–” 
They’d stop there. Yeah, that’s when they’d realize they were talking about my father’s murderer. I can’t say my father was the nicest guy in the world, but he didn’t treat me like Uncle Frank treated Daniel. He was nice to me. 
But I was a female. Not a threat to his dominance. 
Whatever. When I had my first change, my mom explained to me about the males of our pack and the dominance rituals. She and Aunt Jenny made me think that getting Daniel back home was the only way we could have any influence over the other packs. “An all-female pack is leaderless,” they told me. 
Now, after seeing what the kind of leader Daniel is, I want to ask why a female can’t be a leader. I know I could be a leader. 
I know I wouldn’t run away from my family and responsibilities. And I won’t run away just because I failed this stupid “mission.”




-2-

The snow-covered miles float past the train windows, the far-off mountains drifting in the distance while the ditch outside the glass disappears at a rapid pace. I rest my forehead against the pane and allow the vibration to travel through my skull. 
When I grow tired of staring at scenery, I return to the purse I stole back at the station. The former owner, a frumpy woman in her sixties, owns at least four cats and enjoys baking pies from the smell of it. There’s a ball of yarn and a crochet hook in there, but I can’t smell anything different about the yarn, which leads me to suspect that the yarn is made from cat hair. There isn’t even a breath mint to get that cat stink out of my nose. 
I probably should have tossed the purse after I used most of the money in the lady’s wallet to buy this train ticket home. I might have enough left for a sandwich, but it’s a long ride from Nebraska to Montana, and though my stomach is growling, I know a sandwich now will mean hunger later.
There is still the backpack that I stowed up above the seat. It might mean waking my seatmates but I decide it’s worth it: I can smell Daniel’s scent from here. So faint. Like pine and dirt and grass, and the musky odor of wolf.
Plus, there’s a granola bar, and a trashy paperback in the front pocket that I never had time to ask Daniel about.
The man in the black trenchcoat beside me grunts awake when I clamber over him, then closes his eyes again after I fall back into my seat with the backpack clutched to my chest.
It’s pretty obvious that Daniel grabbed this book because of the title. Wolf Point–it’s the name of our hometown. But the half-naked girl on the front with the tramp stamp and gleaming dagger scream paranormal romance. Really, was Daniel planning on reading this? Was it honestly worth stealing from a library? 
The back copy goes like this:

A woman escaping a past that nearly killed her…
Reagan Clark has moved to Wolf Point as part of the Witness Protection Program after slaying the head of the werewolf mafia in Chicago. The distance from her abusive ex-husband doesn’t hurt, but the small Montana town feels like the middle of nowhere until she meets Sebastian Vincent, the dark brooding chief-of-police. Reagan falls hard for him, despite the violent outbursts that remind her of her ex-husband…

Sebastian Vincent has a dark secret…
One that the new beauty in town seems determined to uncover. He is irresistibly drawn to her, until he discovers that she was responsible for taking down the area pack leader. Can this full-blooded werewolf seduce a werewolf hunter?

I snicker out loud, and beside me Trenchcoat grunts again. Still smiling, I crack open the novel and begin to read, trying to imagine what Daniel would think about this crap. It doesn’t take long before I realize I have no idea what Daniel would think. 
I barely knew him at all.




-3-

A sharp pain in my side forces me into wakefulness.
The train is dark except for muted lights along the floor. The landscape beyond the windows is black behind the dim reflections, though I can make out the shadows of trees and random glinting pinpricks of light. I rub my eyes and sit up, wincing at the pain.
Before I left, my mother had explained the mate bond to me. How I’d be able to feel Daniel’s emotions, to know his thoughts, to feel his pain. When I woke up that morning in the snow, my leg had hurt, a shadowy agony noosed around my calf. In the weeks since that day, walking and walking and walking until I could find a faster way home, the pain had subsided, and I’d nearly forgotten about it. I half-knew it was connected to Daniel; there were no marks on my own leg. Now this new torture lodged in my ribcage reminded me that Daniel was still out there, alone. Possibly–definitely–injured. 
God, it hurts even to breathe.
I pull up my shirt just to confirm that there is no mark there. Nothing but smooth pale skin. I force my breathing to be slow and steady and try to find a comfortable position. 
Every inhalation is like a knife to my lungs.
Long into the night I breathe. Just breathe. And wonder. What horror is Daniel facing? Was he shot? Could he have been so stupid as to travel in the form of his wolf, and get himself shot? Arching my side as far as the pain will allow, I try to determine the type of pain. It feels bigger than a gunshot. Then again, I’ve never been shot. I’ve never even broken a bone. 
I’ve been a good little girl, doing whatever her mommy tells her.
Here I actually sigh in disgust at myself. 
Daniel’s too far away for me to read his thoughts as exactly as I could when we were together. Too far for anything but a static-like cloud of 
paaaaaiiiiiinnnnnn
But no fear. No terror as an enemy rips his entrails out through his stomach. No sadness for a life unlived. Just pain. 
Part of me wonders if that is how it really is at the end. Do you really have time for all that fear and sadness and the life flashing before your eyes? If you die a sudden, violent death, do you have only those moments of pain that consumes your world, and then a blessed darkness and relief?
Deep in the night, I finally feel his consciousness leave, the weight lifting from me, a band loosening from around my torso. I take my first deep breath in hours. With new oxygen in my lungs, the idea of reading once again appeals to me. But as I read about the dashing Sebastian Vincent’s rippling abdominals, I think of pathetic Danny and the way his ribs stuck out, the skinny ropes of his arms that looked too weak to do what I knew he could when he became wolf. I think about the bottomless pits of Daniel’s black eyes, and the need they contained.
He left me, I remind myself. He left me alone in the snow. 
I return to Sebastian Vincent. Now here’s a real man. When the beautiful Mercy is nearly attacked by a rampaging bear, Sebastian rushes in–in human form–and uses his werewolf dominance to scare the bear away. Then he ravishes Mercy on a soft bed of pine needles. Daniel probably would have been eaten by a bear, if one had ever attacked us. 
his wolf could have easily killed a bear
I refocus on the story.
“Oh, Sebastian,” Reagan moaned, her body responding to his lightest touch. His abdominal muscles tightened under her stroke as her hand moved south of his navel–
Daniel had shuddered when I touched him, that night in the warehouse. 
Together they rocked, their bodies twined in a delicious harmony. From far away Reagan heard a howl… then she realized it was her own throat raising the cry of the wolf. And Sebastian was now joining her, their voices stretching up to the moon…
My fingers had clawed into his back when he had entered me, but it seemed he shared some of my pain through the mate bond, and he proceeded gently, cradling my skull in his big hand, a hand I’d never before thought of as strong until that moment.
I shift in my seat so suddenly that the man beside me snorts in his snoring. I freeze, waiting for the regular rhythm to return, then settle down. My jeans feel uncomfortably tight, and not because I stole them out of a clothing donation bin. 
Daniel left me, even knowing how much we need him. He left me. 
The glass is cold against my cheek, and I rest the back of my hand against it too, trying to cool myself down. 
Wolf Point, Montana rushes toward me in the darkness.




-4-

“I couldn’t find him.”
To my own ears it sounds lame. I can’t even imagine how it must sound to my mother, or Aunt Jenny, who have been waiting around for months and months, living in fear, hoping for help to come. I brace myself.
“Then it’s Plan B,” Mom says to Aunt Jenny.
Aunt Jenny swallows and nods. “Plan B.” She turns and steps outside without another word.
Plan B? When I left home last summer, Daniel was our only plan. “What’s this Plan B?” 
“Who is this Plan B,” Mom says. “Why don’t you get unpacked and settle in? You must be exhausted.”
I look around the ten foot by ten foot hotel room, crammed with a double bed and a cot. Unpacked? Settled in? No thanks. “I’m going to take a shower.”
Under a tepid trickle of water I scrub at the road dirt that has accumulated with the little sliver of soap left, and wonder if my mother is completely out of her mind. Unpack? Did she not notice how empty the backpack was? Wait a minute, let me set this stolen library book up on the bookshelf and… oh yeah, that’s all that was in there. I was wearing everything else, because it’s colder than hell froze over outside. I’ve been gone for eight months. Also, I’m starving.
I wrap a surprisingly fluffy towel around me and wipe the condensation from the mirror. My face looks gaunt and haunted and a little too much like Daniel’s for my liking. I quickly comb my hair and leave the bathroom. 
Mom’s lying on the bed watching a talk show, braiding her long hair. She had laid some clothes out on the bed for me–hers, not mine, but we are close enough in size if I ignore the “mom jeans.” They’re flannel-lined and she’s left her oversized fisherman’s sweater I used to steal from her all the time, so in the end the toasty warmth, wrapped in her lavender scent, makes up for the fact that none of my clothes are here.
“And why are we at this hotel?” I ask as I get dressed and towel-dry my hair.
“Remy was concerned about our safety. He thought we’d be better off here.”
She doesn’t understand what I mean, but I am thrown off course by her answer.
I narrow my eyes. “Remy? Is Remy Plan B?”
“You’ll see.” Her eyes twinkle a bit, which only puts me in a fouler mood.
“Funny how you’re trusting the safety of the pack to some dude I’ve never met,” I huff, and head back into the bathroom to hang my towel with military precision. Then I fold the facecloth and arrange the toothbrushes in a row on the sink, and make sure the part in my hair is straight. Just when I can’t find anything else to clean, I hear the door to our room open and Aunt Jen’s voice float in. A male voice accompanies her. 
My fingers grip the porcelain countertop, my eyes squeezed shut. I take a deep breath
strong musk aged oak and saltwater
voice deep and rooted, certain and unyielding
Exhale and another deep breath–
The scent of the forest around my house clings to him and tears spring to my eyes as a wave of nostalgia for home hits me.
I haven’t been home yet. When I called Mom’s cell from the train station in Wolf Point, she told me to meet her at this motel, gave me the room number. I’d been expecting her to drive down and pick me up. I ended up walking several blocks to the motel, looking over my shoulder the whole way.
Mom doesn’t even smell like home anymore.
How long have she and Aunt Jenny been staying here? How long ago did they meet this guy?
I knew I should have called to check in over the past few months like Mom told me to.
With a third deep breath to clear my head, I release the countertop and make my entrance into the hotel room.
“Kayla, there you are,” Mom says.
I want to slap that stupid smile right off her face. Then I see Remy.
Sebastian Vincent has met his match for hotness. Instead of luscious dark hair, tousled blond locks, the ends softly curling, frame his chiseled face. His eyes are the palest blue I’ve ever seen. His shoulders strain the tight thermal t-shirt he wears. He could be a model for Abercrombie. Or one of those outdoorsy stores, since he looks more like a hiker than a douchebag. Not my type, clearly, but for some reason I feel my body heating up.
“Pleased to meet you finally. Your mother has told me a lot about you,” he says–or something to that effect. My brain’s gone fuzzy and I’m having a hard time thinking.
I blink at him.
Mom elbows me. “Kayla, don’t be rude. Say hello.” 
“Hello.” My voice sounds creaky and unused. I clear my throat and attempt to smile.
“Well, let’s have some lunch, shall we?” Aunt Jenny’s eyes look like someone shut out the lights.
We step out onto the balcony and file down the stairs to the parking lot. I can’t quite figure out where we’re going to eat. The last time I checked, the Wolf Point Motor Lodge did not have a restaurant. Then I realize that everyone is headed across the street, to the diner. I follow like a lost bird.
Mom and Aunt Jenny quickly slide into one side of a booth, leaving Remy and I to awkwardly sidestep each other until I finally I get in and scoot all the way over to the wall. The booth is too small for Remy’s biceps. His elbow keeps hitting me.
“How’s the perimeter?” Mom asks after the waitress has taken our drink order.
“The traps are untouched. I found no scent or any signs of intrusion. For the time being we’re safe, but we should consider moving base.”
“Are we in the military now or something?” I ask.
“At least, Jen, if we are all in one house, it would be easier to guard,” Remy says, ignoring me.
Aunt Jenny fiddles with her napkin. “But Daniel–”
“Kayla said she couldn’t find Daniel,” Mom says. “You need to accept the fact that he’s probably dead.”
Her words fall like a sledgehammer. When tears well up in my aunt’s eyes I want to tell her the truth, but would it hurt any less to know that her son was still alive and didn’t want to help us? The stony set of my mother’s face makes it clear to me that I should keep my mouth shut.
“If he tries to come home–”
Mom softens marginally. “He’s smart enough that he’ll think to look at our house. Or, he can follow our scent to the new location.”
“No,” Remy says. “If we move to a new base we need to cover our tracks. No scent trail.”
Aunt Jenny makes a choking sound. 
Mom snaps, “It’s been three years, Jenny. Almost four. If he isn’t dead, he’s gone Rabid... Think about all those murders. Frankly, he would be better off dead. You should hope that he’s dead.”
“I would know if my son was dead!”
Aunt Jenny’s words silence the conversations around us. For long moments no one speaks a word. Then our waitress arrives with three ice waters and a Diet Coke for me. 
Aunt Jen begins ripping apart her napkin.
I want to say, Your son is alive, but he left me, and now he’s hurt… 
I can’t.
The pain in my side returned sometime in the past couple of hours, creeping up as Daniel regained consciousness. It isn’t quite as sharp as on the train, but it’s worse than the worst menstrual cramps I’ve ever had.
I’m not sure how my mom would react if she knew I’d found Daniel and then lost him again. The pain in my abdomen intensifies and I make fists under the table. Maybe the pain is an ulcer and has nothing to do with Daniel, other than my worries about whether he’s hurt and anger that he abandoned me.
“I vote for staying at our house. Daniel can find us there.” I glare at the handsome stranger beside me. “And I won’t have to leave all my stuff.”
Mom and Remy exchange a look, and continue talking without taking my vote into account. I clench my fists and say nothing and allow my mother and this strange wolf decide the fate of our pack.
When the waitress brings out our food, the hunger takes over and my grasp of their conversation is lost until I shove the last crust of my sandwich into my mouth. Then my sense of hearing returns. Mom and Remy have barely touched their meals, too busy talking strategy. Aunt Jenny quietly pokes and slides her food around the plate, looking on the verge of tears.
“…follow our scents. We need to use a vehicle,” Remy is saying. “It’s really the only way to avoid their spies.”
“Excuse me, but who’s this guy again?” I demand.
“Don’t be rude, Kayla.” Mom glares daggers at me.
Remy wipes his hands on his napkin. “It’s a perfectly understandable question.” He turns to me and suddenly I’m pierced by his pale, impenetrable gaze. “You may not have grown up knowing about me, but I knew about you.” 
Heat rises to my face. 
“Your families, I mean,” he clarifies when he sees my embarrassment, which only makes me more embarrassed, especially since he shows no such mortification. “My great-grandfather was Fallon Loupe.” 
“Crazy Fallon Loupe?” I blurt out. Fallon Loupe was my great-grandfather, and his claim to fame was going insane one winter and trying to kill his whole family. Three of his eight children escaped, never to be heard from again. Four died in the massacre. “But I thought Gramma was the only survivor...” I give Remy the side-eye. “Are you my uncle?” 
Mom shakes her head slightly.
“My grandfather was Henri Loupe,” Remy says.
He waits and it dawns on me. 
“One of the Missing?” 
He nods.
My mind races to connect the dots. “So there are others out there? More pack? Can we call on them for reinforcements?” Suddenly I realize that I’ve been leaning closer and closer to Remy, and sit back. “Sorry.”
“It’s all right.” His eyes are too intense, like he’s looking into my soul. “I understand why you might get excited, but the others… they’re not exactly willing to join us.”
“They’re all insane,” Mom supplies.
“Oh.” 
After lunch, after much debate that left Aunt Jenny begging us not to leave until Daniel returns, Mom pulls Remy aside. “I’ll convince her,” she tells him, as though we can’t hear her. We have wolf hearing, after all. 
“I’ll just head up to the new place and keep fortifying,” Remy says, and swings through the open window of his Jeep. Really? He couldn’t have opened the door like a normal person? I sigh. Remy gives a salute before driving away. 
We walk back to the hotel in silence. I can practically hear my mother scheming ways to get Aunt Jenny to conform to her plans, but it’s just a light unintelligible buzz in my head. Mom learned long ago to hide her thoughts from me. Aunt Jenny, too, but she’s too distressed. 
Daniel my Daniel come home I just need to hug you kiss you be your mother again my beautiful boy
With my own mental shields up, I wonder if there was a possible way to assure Aunt Jenny that Daniel is still alive without telling her all the other stuff. 
Mom barely needs her mental shields, the way she sits down on the bed and gives Aunt Jenny that “I’m concerned” look. That one like she gave me almost a year ago. 
“Kayla, you know I care about you. But I need you to do this. You have the mate bond with Daniel. You can find him. And you’ll be safer away from here.” 
Now she says, “Jenny, JenJen, come sit down.” She pats the bed beside her.
Aunt Jenny knows the look as well as I do, and she’s not fooled. She puts her purse down on the dresser and fusses with the things in it like she’s looking for something.
“Jen, come on! We have to think about our own safety. If Danny is still alive he’s fine on his own. Right, Kayla?”
Why is she bringing me into this?
“Speaking of which, Kayla, what did you think of Remy?”
She pats the still-empty place beside and I reluctantly sit down. She puts her arm around me.
“Where did you find him?” I ask.
“He came to us… Come on, Kayla! He’s hot, isn’t he?”
I stare at her. “Doesn’t it seem a little strange that he somehow knew about our situation, but never thought to step in until only a couple of months ago?”
She shook her head. “Kayla, here’s the deal. We have limited options. Remy is our option. Our only option, since you couldn’t seem to find Daniel.” Her gaze followed Aunt Jenny as she went into the bathroom. She leaned in and murmured, “You really didn’t find him?”
“No.” The lie tastes bitter in my mouth. I imagine she can hear it.
“And the mate-bond? Could you hear him at all? Feel him?”
“No.”
“Then the Bonding didn’t work…” She raises an eyebrow suggestively.
I look away. Shit. I shouldn’t have lied. I knew I’d get caught sooner or later. 




-5-

The Bonding. Werewolf marriage, basically. A blood oath between two people. 
It was after our first night at a hotel. Mom, Aunt Jenny, and I had gone there right after the incident, driven an hour to someplace big and bright and impersonal, where no one would know us. Where the lights would be on and there were several locks on the door.
Mom and Aunt Jenny had been talking for hours. My whole body had been exhausted, but I couldn’t sleep. Kept jumping at little noises, sure he would found us somehow. And I could hear their voices, no matter how quietly they spoke. 
“Kayla, put this on.” Mom said this in her normal voice, like she knew I hadn’t actually been sleeping. I rolled over. She was holding a slip of white fabric in her outstretched hand.
“No,” I’d told her. 
“Kayla Marie, I will not ask you again.”
“But Mom…” 
“Now.”
I took the white dress and went into the bathroom to change. I’d worn it two years ago, on my thirteenth birthday. Back then it had been loose and flowy. Now it was slightly too small, and you could see right through it.
“What’s going on?” I asked when I came out.
They sat me down then, and explained about the Bonding. When two wolves were bonded, they could share thoughts and even feel each other’s pain. 
“Daniel is your mate,” my mother said as Aunt Jenny sniffled. “He’s the only one left. If we bond you, you’ll be able to find him.”
Of course, I could share thoughts with Mom and Aunt Jenny. It was a gift female pack members had. The bond between mates was the strongest bond, which meant the telepathy would be much clearer. Mates could have entire conversations in their heads. 
Then they told me what the Bonding ritual required. 
Blood.
Aunt Jenny had a vial of Daniel’s blood. I did not ask her how she got it. They sliced open my palm and dripped my blood into a shallow bowl filled with Daniel’s blood, then they made me drink it. Normally, both of us would have had to drink it, but they said it should still work.
I hadn’t felt anything right away, other than a strange tingling all over my skin. Not that kind of tingling, more like insects crawling on me. I fell into bed and slipped immediately into sleep.
That night the dreams began.
Through his eyes I saw the miles fly under tires, I saw the moon and the barren flat landscape, a sign that said “Welcome to Nebraska.”
I didn’t hear his thoughts right away. But I felt hungry. Hunger gnawed at my stomach all the time. The next day my mother sent me on the road after Daniel, telling me to stay in my wolf form until I found him, to be safe. 
When I turned wolf, his thoughts poured into my head. Killer, monster, that’s what he called himself. That’s how I knew to look in the papers. I couldn’t stay wolf for very long, without a trail to follow. I learned how to jump into those clothing donation bins and find clothes and shoes and how to shoplift. I learned to read maps and followed him, only turning wolf when I caught his scent. 
From his thoughts I could hear how he wished to die, how he wanted to go home but was afraid. 
The first time I found one of his victims I was horrified. It was a man in a hotel, just some old trucker with a grizzled face and his pants around his ankles. What was left of his ankles. His throat had been ripped open and half his face eaten. Was this what my father’s body had looked like? 
No, I told myself. Dad had been a wolf when it happened. They had fought.  Daniel had not eaten my father. 
I heard when Daniel figured out that I’d burned up the bodies he’d left like a bread crumb trail through the Midwest. If my mother knew Daniel was out there leaving evidence like that, she’d have a fit. 
The closer I got to Daniel, the louder his thoughts had become. The better I could feel his pain.




-6-

Now I told my mother, “Maybe I wasn’t close enough to hear his thoughts. I found a lot of bodies, but... It could be all those bodies were from a real serial killer or something.”
Wow. Could I sound any more lame?
“You saw the bodies?”
I nodded. 
She looked behind us. Aunt Jenny had closed the bathroom door and we could both hear her sobbing in there.
“Then he’s still out there. No human can do that, Kayla, you know that. No reason for the other packs to kill humans like that either.”
My shoulders slump. “I know.”
“And you couldn’t pick up his trail?”
“I tried, Mom, I really did. For eight months. He was hitchhiking. Every time I got close, he’d take off in a car and I couldn’t follow.”
She nodded, thought for a bit. “So if the Bonding didn’t work, which I wasn’t sure it would–I don’t know how long Jen had that blood lying around–and that means there’s still a chance. For you and Remy.”
Solve one problem, move right on to another. What the hell was my mother thinking? Fuck being Bonded to some dude I just met. 
Some hot dude…
Shut up!
“I’m only fifteen! Is this even legal?” I whine.
“Kayla, it would really help to secure Remy as part of our pack if you were Bonded. Think about the pack instead of just yourself.”
“For fuck’s sake, Mom, do you ever think about me? Ever?”
“Language!”
Guess listening to Daniel’s thoughts has had some negative side effects. I never used to swear so much.
I get up off the bed and pace around the room. “So what, I’m going to be Remy’s child bride? And you’re okay with that?”
“You can at least be betrothed, and he can Bond with you next year, when you are legal. How’s that?”
“You’re ridiculous!”
The hotel room is too small. I slam outside and hang the upper half of my body over the railing, breathing in the cold air.




-7-

We head out to the new location with Remy two days later. Two tense, silent days later. Remy rolls up in a Jeep. 
“No motorcycle?” I ask him.
He shrugs with a smile, which only makes me narrow my eyes at him. Did he sell the motorcycle in order to buy the Jeep? Or does he own two vehicles? Where would he get the money for that? And why would he need two modes of transportation?
The road winds through the mountains. Remy drives with one wrist resting on the top of the wheel and the other slung over the passenger seat, where my mom sits, flirting shamelessly. It makes me sick.
I rest my forehead against the glass of the window and try to focus on the music playing low through the speakers. It’s some kind of mournful country music. As the trees flash by my window, I think of Daniel out there in the snow, cold and hungry, with a pain as big as a wolf bite in his side. The pain in my own side connects me to him. 
I can’t let it show. I can’t let up my mental block. I don’t want my mother to find out that I lied.
This wouldn’t be so hard if I had just been able to bring Daniel back.
I feel like a failure. It shouldn’t have been so difficult. God, if only he hadn’t been so fucked up! I guess being on the road, on your own, for three years, believing you were a murderer–well, technically he is a murderer, but as a werewolf it’s sort of a given–killing God knew how many people, that would leave you plenty fucked up. I assumed he’d want to come back home. You know, I figured he’d be afraid that his mother would hate him for killing his father, and the news that his mother wanted him back would make all the difference. Not that I explicitly told him that… I exhale and my hot breath steams up the car window. I wipe it away with the side of my fist.
The thing is, I thought of Daniel as weak, after I realized how fucked up he was. I knew what he could do as a wolf, how strong his wolf was, and thought he was weak for letting his wolf control him like that. And yet I still couldn’t get him home. I barely kept him from killing himself. I tried everything I could think of. I befriended him. I comforted him. I even tried to seduce him, which now seems supremely ridiculous anywhere in the vicinity of Sebastian Vincent over there, a walking sex god that makes me feel like I’m nine years old. 
I thought I could convince Daniel with the dreamwalking, but that took forever to work. From what I read online, it’s supposed to be like hypnosis. Subliminal suggestions that influence his decisions when he wakes up. Not Daniel. After he woke up, he’d go and do the exact opposite, like holing up with that old man Bobby for weeks after I told him to go home.
Before I start to feeling too much like a failure at dreamwalking, I remind myself that I’ve only been practicing the dreamwalking for a year or so. 
Mom doesn’t know anything about dreamwalking. Last year, when I found myself walking around in her dreams for the first time, I asked her about it. She just thought it was weird that we both had the same dream. 
I had to Google it and found some Native American legend type stuff that didn’t sound anything like what I was doing. I wasn’t just lucid dreaming. I was in my mother’s dream. Talking to her. 
I was beginning to think it was a weird coincidence, like my mom said, until it happened again. This time, it was Aunt Jenny’s dream. It was the night of Daniel’s birthday and I’d been thinking about her. Every year she hiked up into those mountains and turned wolf and howled. Those lonely howls spoke of all her grief and loneliness and despair at having lost her family and almost everyone she loved. Her son and her husband, both gone in a night, an irreparable rift between her and her sister, my mother. Her son had killed her sister’s husband too. Their grief was not equal. 
And I found myself in that clearing with her. Human and in the white gown I’d worn on the first night I’d changed. She paced as a wolf and howled mournfully and I took her head in my lap and comforted her. 
The next day, when she returned from the mountain, she seemed different. Less broken, somehow. 
After that, I started experimenting. It was difficult to figure out how to make the lucid dreams happen, and it wasn’t until I started dreaming about this boy at school that I figured it out: I dreamt about who I was meditating all my thoughts on. 
This boy, Alexander Lo, he moved into town last year, which meant he didn’t know the history of how the other kids excluded Daniel and me. He didn’t really stand out much–there were a lot of Native American kids at our school, and his brown skin and shiny black hair helped him fit in. He had the build of a gymnast, however, and I’d watch him during gym class, the way he moved even playing regular sports, so graceful. Before I could invite him to sit with me during lunch at school the jocks snapped him up. They could tell he was one of them. Soon he was on the track team, the star high jumper, which was as close to gymnastics as Wolf Point, Montana came. 
At lunch, sitting with my “friends”–a girl who barely spoke named Cecilia (called “Sissy” by almost everyone) and her polar opposite, a hard-faced bully named Melanie–I watched Alexander Lo and imagined that one day he would see in me what I saw in him. 
And then I started dreamwalking with him.
In the first dream we were at school and he was on a balance beam in the gym doing a routine. He was dressed as if for a competition, but the only people in the audience were his parents and all the jocks. I probably don’t need to say that our school gym did not have a balance beam and did not host gymnastics competitions… it was surreal, to say the least. 
I found myself standing by the bleachers where the audience was sitting, watching. Alex was clearly nervous, sweating and shaking. I wasn’t surprised when he attempted a backflip and missed the landing, slamming into the beam and falling to the floor. The jocks in the audience roared with laughter, and Alex’s parents buried their faces in their hands, so ashamed of their son. 
Without thinking I ran to him to see if he was injured. You can’t expect anyone in a dream to behave the way they would in real life, and it can be very disconcerting when you’re dreamwalking. All the rules are different.
I leaned over Alex, who looked like he wanted to curl up and die. He wasn’t injured. Because it was just a dream, remember? “Are you okay?” I asked him.
And he just stared at me in wonder.
Then we both woke up.
The next day at school I noticed him looking my way. I tried to play it cool, pretending I wasn’t always looking at him. The few times our eyes met my heart stopped in my chest.
The next time I dreamwalked with Alex Lo–only a couple of nights later–I found myself sitting in the cafeteria, at my usual table but alone, as Alex walked into the room with a lunch tray. The cafeteria wasn’t especially crowded, but I didn’t really recognize anyone. When I tried to focus on them, they got blurry and out of focus. 
I watched Alex as he glanced up and made eye contact with me. I felt how empty the space around me was, the way the chatter and laughter ramped up but left me inside this odd bubble. Alex took one step toward me–my heart leapt–then he tripped. Flat on his face, Superman-style, lunch tray smeared across his t-shirt, and of course it was spaghetti day and he wore white.
The laughter started, the pointing. If I thought it had been loud before, it was deafening now. People were crammed in that room, all open laughing mouths and staring eyes and pointing fingers.
Alex picked himself up and looked around, his face flaming red. He took in the damage done to his shirt, a plate-sized sauce stain, right across his chest. Then more red, bleeding down from his nose and forehead. 
I stood up, struggling to see over the crowd of assholes. Alex was bleeding and everyone was still laughing. He gazed around in confusion. “I’m bleeding,” he said, quietly yet I could hear it through the laughter.
I pushed through the crowd. They were a nearly solid wall. I pushed and no one moved. “Here comes your girlfriend,” I hear over the wall. “Why don’t you let your trashy girlfriend take care of you, the way she takes care of her cousin?” Kissing noises and fresh bursts of laughter.
I stopped pushing and stepped back.
This dream wasn’t like the last one.
Alex had heard these words before. Someone had discovered that Alex had an interest in me. Maybe, after the first dream, he had thought, “I had a dream about that girl… she’s pretty.” And then had tried to be casual when asking his jock friends, “Hey, do you know anything about that girl over there?”
And these were the things they had told him. That I was white trash. That I spent too much time with my cousin. Oh, and don’t you know her dad and uncles were murdered? They think it was her cousin. He disappeared right at the same time. They don’t really seem all that concerned about finding him.
There it was.
Now Alex had a new reason to be anxious. Before it was some kind of performance anxiety. Now they made fun of me, like he had even chosen me. I had chosen him. I had walked into his dream and earned him the ridicule of his so-called friends.
So, I turned away from Alex, and stepped out of his dream.
I tried to stop thinking about Alex after that. I could tell he believed the rumors about my family, the same way everyone else did. Even Sissy and Melanie. They only sat with me because they were excluded too. We were the outcast table and pretended to be friends to keep everyone from thinking we were total losers.
I had friends once. That was in middle school. Before Daniel killed everyone and took off. I was pretty, and athletic, and I played on the soccer team. I could have been a cheerleader if I cared about that sort of crap, Claudia Childs kept trying to convince me to try out. 
Before.
When I went back to school after two weeks off for the funerals and the police investigations and trying to wrap my head around the fact that it was just me, Mom and Aunt Jenny now, no one talked to me. My teachers treated me like I was made of glass. I turned mean, snarling at anyone who gave me the pity face, snapping at my teachers and classmates when they danced around “sensitive topics.” Everyone gave me a wide birth. 
And when they stopped treating me like That Poor Girl Whose Father Was Murdered, they started treating me like That Girl Whose Cousin Killed Three People. Seventh grade became a living hell. 
I found out I was a werewolf not too long into seventh grade, so that made it all even more fun. I dropped soccer now that I couldn’t talk to any of the girls, and I certainly didn’t need the pressure. The anger and adrenaline of the game made me want to change. I found myself sitting with Melanie and Sissy, a pair of girls in a terrible friendship. Sissy had no other friends than Melanie, and Melanie kept Sissy at her beck and call by being mean to her. I liked Melanie’s straightforward question the first day I sat with them at lunch: “So, did your cousin kill your dad or what?”
“How am I supposed to know? Do you think I was there or something?”
She shrugged, shoveling mac and cheese into her giant mouth. “He’s your cousin.”
“I’m not his keeper.”
“He must’ve done it,” she said. “That’s why he ran off. What did he do with the bodies?”
The official report stated that my dad and uncles were “missing.” The police found plenty of blood. Mom, Aunt Jenny, and I had dealt with the bodies–the explanation for our footprints being all over the crime scene was that we had gone looking after they didn’t return from a camping trip. They found blood matching everyone but Daniel. It was pretty obvious to everyone that they were all dead and that Daniel had killed them.
“What do you know about it?”
“I know he’s a weirdo. We’re just lucky he killed your dad and didn’t do the whole school shooter thing.”
Sissy ventured a comment. “Mel, that’s an awful thing to say.”
“What, you want a psycho loose in the school?” Melanie snapped at her.
“Don’t talk to her like that,” I said to Melanie.
Melanie dropped her fork onto her tray. “And what are you gonna do about it?”
“Maybe I’m psycho too.” I opened my eyes wide and stared at her, blank-faced.
“Fine, whatever.”
Okay, so maybe I used a little of my werewolf mojo to push her into backing down. 
Anyway, so I stopped caring about Alex Lo, too concerned with how other people saw him. Instead I focused on James Byrne, the Big Jock on Campus. At night I meditated on his stupid, broad face, his sneering lips. It took a few nights, but one night I found myself in James’s bedroom. He was watching Claudia Childs give him a striptease. 
“Oh, please,” I said before thinking.
While James jumped and looked up guiltily, pulling a pillow over his groin area, Claudia was paused in her striptease. Paused, like a DVD. 
This gave me a few moments to assess the situation. 
I was wearing the same jeans and t-shirt combo I usually wear to school, only it was like my clothes had shrunk in the wash. And like my boobs had gone up two cups sizes. 
James had a simple mind. It didn’t take me too long to figure out how to fuck with it.
“What do you want, freak?” he demanded once he figured out who I was.
I smiled. “Oh nothing.” I shoved my hands in my back pockets and pushed my giant chest out. “I just came by to say hi.”
He looked at me with wary eyes. “Yeah?”
I sauntered toward him. “Don’t you want me here?” I put on a pouty face.
“Uh, well, yeah. I mean, Claudia’s here, too.”
Claudia came back to life then. “Hi, Kayla,” she purred at me.
I managed to keep from laughing. Dreaming about a threesome! 
Her face came toward mine, lips puckered, and I ducked away. “Oh, James, sorry to bust your bubble, but I’m not interested in Claudia.”
“Then get the fuck out!” he yelled.
“I mean, James,” I said slowly, “that I want Claudia to watch.”
I straddled him and his stupid pillow and leaned in close to his face. 
He did the rest, started kissing me, groping me. 
And this is when I decided to sprout fur under my tight t-shirt. His fingers touched that coarse hair and jerked back. “What the fuck?” he said as horror dawned on his face.  I pulled away so he could see my wolf face, my fangs. “Maybe you shouldn’t say mean things about me and my family anymore,” I snarled right in his face, before my face turned completely wolf. Then I dug my claws into his shoulders, and he screamed and screamed, all high like someone had his balls in a vice.
I woke myself up laughing hysterically.
That was my favorite trick, to jump into the dreams of some kid at school who had decided to make my day unpleasant. It was so easy. I learned how to poke around their brains a bit before introducing myself, figure out what their fears were. I learned James’s pretty well, since after that first dream he decided to start calling me “that hairy bitch” in the hallways, like I wouldn’t hear that with my wolf ears. Turned out James was afraid of spiders, so you can imagine where I went with that. It was my first experiment in creating dream objects out of thin air. 
I don’t know, I guess with all that messing around I thought I was pretty good at dreamwalking. Daniel sure proved me wrong on that. For the first thing, his dreams always took place right where he was at. If he was sleeping on a couch in some trailer, he was dreaming that he was sleeping on a couch in a trailer. If he was sleeping under a bush, he was dreaming about sleeping under a bush. It was like his life was so horrible that his nightmares didn’t take him anyplace new. 
The Jeep turns down a dirt road that barely looked like a road. Pine branches slap at the windows. I sit up, looking for any sign of civilization. Trees, trees, and more trees, pressing in at the car and making me feel claustrophobic. Ten minutes of this. 
Then Remy announces, “Here we are.”




-8-

I drop my two bags in the entranceway of the cabin. “You have got to be kidding me.”
“It just needs some fixing up,” my mother says, bustling in behind me with a laundry basket full of cleaning supplies. “A fresh coat of paint, some elbow grease, and soon this will be better than home.”
I raise an eyebrow.
“Come on, it’ll be fun!”
“Where’s my room?” 
“Uh… ask Remy.”
I turn and nearly slam into his rock-hard abs. “Oh, there you are,” I say. “Where should I put my stuff?”
He walks in and gazes around. Did he see the same rotted rugs and flea-market furniture I did, the same cobwebs in the corners and piles of dead leaves skittering across the floor? I wait, arms crossed over my chest. 
“There’s a room back there. I guess you girls can take the room, and I’ll take the couch?”
“How generous,” I mutter, snatching up my bags and making my way to the closed door near the kitchen. Ugh… the kitchen is going to need a ton of work before anything that comes out of it will be edible.
I turn the knob, which emits a rusty squeal, but the door doesn’t budge. I shoulder into it, then put my bags down and really give it a hit. It barely budges. 
“Here, let me,” Remy says from behind me, and does some kind of football linebacker thing. The door doesn’t stand a chance. It burst open in a cloud of dust and wood splinters.
I cough. “Thanks.”
“I’m sure you loosened it.” He smiles and saunters away.
After I glare after him a little, I enter my new bedroom. Or should I say, my and my mom and my aunts’ bedroom. The twin size “bed” is just a mattress on the floor, covered with a dusty quilt. The drawers of the narrow bureau have apparently been repurposed as firewood.
“Mom!” I yell.
When she doesn’t answer, I storm back into the living room. Remy is bringing in a cooler. Through the murky window I can see my mother and Aunt Jenny getting more stuff out of the car. 
“I thought you said you’d been ‘fortifying,’” I say to Remy. “I guess ‘fortifying’ doesn’t include making the place actually livable?”
He looks up, a mild expression on his face.
“Where are we supposed to sleep? This place is trashed, in case you haven’t noticed. A twin mattress isn’t going to be enough for three grown women. We don’t even have sleeping bags! How the hell is this any better than our house? A human could knock these walls down with a push!”
“You seemed to have trouble with that door,” Remy reminds me.
I can’t even think of anything to say. A growl rises in my throat and I feel my skin go prickly, my nails turning into claws and digging into the palms of my hands. 
“Kayla Marie!”
The change slows then reverses, like a cool wave washing over me. My mother is doing what I had done so often for Daniel. 
I would have liked to show Remy just how strong my wolf was.
“Stop being an ungrateful little snot. You know we can’t stay at home. This place might not be the Ritz but it’s safe enough for now. Got it?”
“Yes,” I mutter, and storm back into the bedroom with its useless door. In other circumstances I would have thrown myself on the mattress, but in this case I choose to sit gingerly until I’m certain the springs won’t bust through and stab me. Then I flop onto my back.
A water spot bulges from the ceiling, raining little flakes of paint down on me.
I listen to Mom and Aunt Jenny debate about where to put the food in the kitchen, and a minor argument about electricity which ends in Remy heading out in the Jeep to get some gas for the generator. Then Mom starts sweeping with brisk strokes that sound more like raking with all the leaves, and a timid knock sounds on the door.
“Kayla?”
I sit up at the sound of Aunt Jenny’s voice.
“Mind if I come in?”
“It’s fine.” I speak quietly even though I’m sure Mom can hear every word anyway.
“She has her headphones on,” Aunt Jenny says, crossing the room to sit beside me on the mattress. “How are you doing?”
“I’m okay, I guess,” I say. “I know I’m being a brat.”
“This place is… less than ideal,” Aunt Jenny acknowledges. “I keep telling your mother that she needs to let you in on our plans.”
That gets my attention. “What plans?” 
Aunt Jenny glances toward the door.  When she doesn’t continue, I raise my eyebrows.  “I’m all ears.”
“It’s better that you don’t know,” she sighs. “Your mother is right.”
There’s a creak and that’s all the warning I get before Mom is standing in the doorway, her hair pulled back with a handkerchief and the broom in her hand. “Is the world ending? Did my sister just say I was right?”
Aunt Jenny giggles, sounded maniacally guilty. “Oh, you know. I was telling Kayla that she needs to give Remy a chance. They’d make a good couple.”
Mom smiles, suspicion gone. “Of course they would. Remy’s a handsome man, strong. He’d protect you.”
I hear the unspoken words: You can’t protect yourself. 
(Daniel’s stronger than Remy)
The thought comes unbidden, more out of rebellion. I don’t realize how loudly I thought the words until I see the grateful look Aunt Jenny gives me. 
“I didn’t say Daniel couldn’t protect you,” Mom says, her voice full of honey. “But Daniel isn’t here, and Remy is. You have to take what you can get.”
I roll my eyes. Here we go again.  
“Beggars can’t be choosers.” I say in a mocking tone. “Why can’t I choose? Why do I even have to choose? I’m only fifteen. I should be thinking about getting good grades in school and what I’m going to wear to prom and where I should apply to college. Not about marriage. I shouldn’t be asked to wander around the country by myself for six months–totally unprotected, by the way–and I shouldn’t have to choose between marrying my cousin and marrying a total stranger who comes from a bloodline of lunatics!”
“Whoa, did I walk in at the wrong time?”
All three of us jump about a mile at the sound of Remy’s voice.
“How did you–” Mom starts.
“I didn’t hear–” Aunt Jenny says.
Remy doesn’t say anything about how he managed to sneak up on three werewolves with incredibly sharp hearing. I don’t say anything either. I lean back on one hand, regarding Remy with narrowed eyes. 
Maybe, if I play my cards right, I can learn a thing or two from him.



-9-

The next day, after an uncomfortable night on the floor, I am more than willing to try to clean up our new living quarters. I throw on a thermal shirt, fleece jacket, ripped jeans, and galoshes, and don a pair of the work gloves Remy thankfully thought to include in stocking the house. Mom, of course, makes a comment about my greasy hair, but after living on the road for all those months, I don’t much care. Plus the shower is disgusting. I go to work on that first. There are branches in there, coming in from a ghetto skylight.
“Guess we need to patch that hole in the ceiling, huh?”
I spin around from where I was scrubbing the walls of the shower–which are actually white, not tan–and glare at Remy. I fight to keep the scowl on my face despite Remy’s casually unbuttoned shirt. God, he has six-pack abs. Of course he does.
“How do you sneak up on us like that?” I demand.
He smiles mysteriously. “You really want to learn?”
“Yeah.” I shrug. “I mean, you’re supposed to be on our side, right? Helping us?”
“And what will you offer me in return?” he asks, a twinkle in his eye.
“Not sex,” my mouth blurts out with seemingly zero input from my brain. It is all I can do not to slap my hands over my mouth and turn beet red. Somehow I manage to keep my cool and my eye contact with him. Daring him to look disappointed.
He laughs heartily. “Not that I would refuse if you offered, but I was thinking more in terms of something you might teach me in exchange.”
“Like what?”  Immediately I think of dreamwalking, but I don’t want to offer it. It’s my secret weapon, and how would I teach it, anyway?
“Don’t you have any skills? You know… any secret ninja skills you’ve been hiding from everyone all these years?”
I do my best to keep my poker face on and play dumb. “I can ruin pretty much any recipe, even if I follow it.”
He laughs again. Oh God, he thinks I’m flirting with him. “Well, maybe we’ll discover something along the way.”
“So you really will teach me how to sneak up on people? And werewolves?”
“Sure.” When he sees me move to take off my gloves, he adds, “We can start after lunch. This bathroom needs a lot more work.” A smirk crosses his face as he walks away.
I yank the glove back on.

Here’s the thing about hard work: you don’t want to do it, because it seems so hard, but when you finish and can actually see what a huge difference your work made, it’s all worth it.  
Hole in the ceiling notwithstanding, the shower actually might clean someone instead of make them dirtier, and the toilet seat no longer teems with germs. You could walk on the floor tiles with bare feet with no worries about cutting yourself on broken beer bottles or contracting foot fungus. The mirror’s cracked but the shards that remain show a clear reflection; the paint is cracked but mold doesn’t grow out of the corners anymore. 
The rest of the house has undergone a similar transformation. Trash, branches, leaves, and other debris gone, walls and floors scrubbed, decaying curtains removed and windows washed, and our sparse bits of camping equipment arranged like furniture: camping chairs surround a cooler coffee table with a lantern as a the only light source.  Even the bedroom looks better now that the bed has some sheets and blankets on it, although I think I’ll stick to the floor.
It’s nearly two o’clock when I finish and wander in to the kitchen to see what Aunt Jenny is making for lunch. She’s cutting up sandwich fixings on a cutting board and adding them to four open sub rolls. 
“Need any help?” I ask.
“I’m nearly done. You hungry?”
“Starving. All I had for breakfast was an apple.”
“Remy’s working to get the stove working. It’s gas, though, so we might have to just buy a grill.”
I move toward the sink. “How’s the water?”
“Brown. There’s bottled water in the cooler.” She nods toward the makeshift coffee table.
I gulp down half a bottle. My stomach still rumbles. When I feel that familiar jab of pain in my abdomen, Daniel pops into my mind. He’s still out there, still hurt. Maybe this hunger belongs to him and not me. But really, an apple isn’t enough to tide anyone over after all the work I’ve done this morning.
“K.K., go tell your mom and Remy that lunch is ready. They’re out back.”
I head out and stop in the doorway when I see what they are doing out there. Clearly my mother was hauling out a trash bag when she came upon Remy bending over the generator attached to the back of the house. He’s talking to her and laughing, and she’s leaning against the house and trying not to be obvious about checking out his ass. I narrow my eyes. Must be a dream come true for a single werewolf guy, to find three single females. His own little harem.
“Lunch is ready,” I say loudly, startling them both.
Mom laughs like a preteen and I just want to kick her. “Oh, honey, you sure snuck up on me! I’ll be there in a minute.” She heads off to deposit the trash beside the Jeep like she’d just stopped by for a minute to see what Remy was doing. Remy wipes his hands on his jeans and heads in. 
As he passes me in the doorway, I murmur, “Looks like maybe I don’t need those lessons after all.”
I know he heard me, but he strides in and grabs a sandwich, joking with Aunt Jenny like I hadn’t said a word.

We eat like a pack of wolves. The sandwiches are gone in minutes, along with an entire bag of chips. Only Aunt Jenny is still picking at her meal by the time we’re all finished. 
“What’s the plan for this afternoon?” Mom asks.
Hopefully not standing around ogling Remy? I think, and when Mom gives me a sharp look I realize I sent that thought out. Lock down. Must lock down. I glance at Remy, glad he can’t hear.
“Well, I had promised to show Kayla something,” Remy says. He looks at me. “If you’re still interested?”
I smile with my eyes wide, allowing only a hint of sarcasm in my voice. “Why wouldn’t I be?” 
Mom looks from Remy to me and back again. “Oh. Good. Okay, then. Well, what are the chances of a hot shower?”
“Slim to none,” Remy says. “I haven’t got the water situation quite fixed yet. You could boil some water and take a bath, though.”
“How medieval.” She rises from her seat. “I’ll light some candles and make it a bubble bath, then.”
I follow Remy outside. He leads me into the forest along a narrow but well-worn path. Once we are out of view of the house, Remy turns to me.
“Close your eyes and count to one hundred.”
I narrow my eyes. “What, are we playing hide and seek?”
“Kinda.” He smiles crookedly. “When you get to 100, try to sneak up on me while I sneak up on you.”
I consider protesting that this is unfair. He can sneak away and keep me in his sights while I look for him. But something makes me keep my mouth shut.
As soon as I close my eyes, I put all my other senses on alert. Hearing, smell, touch. A rustle of leaves could be Remy’s footsteps. That small breeze at my neck could be him back there, sniffing me. But overwhelmingly I hear the voice of the forest: the groaning of mighty tree trunks as they sway in the slight breeze, branches rattling together, a sharp crack–could be Remy, could be just another casualty of winter.
Scent. It should be helping me. I smell cold, I smell a squirrel hibernating in a tree several feet to my left.  I smell the smoke of the fire from last night. Amazingly, I begin to hear Mom and Aunt Jenny bickering about food back at the cabin, and I can smell some kind of meat roasting, and gasoline–once that scent gets in my nose, there’s no room to sniff out Remy’s clean smell. What does Remy smell like, anyway?
I’ve been forgetting to count, so I wait until I think it’s been 100 before crouching low to the ground and inhaling deeply. Then some shallower sniffs. I’ve never really had to search for a scent in human form before. As a wolf my senses are much sharper. And when I was actually using my sense of smell for tracking, the prey wasn’t exactly hard to find. Daniel’s unwashed body odor clung to the ground like oil when there wasn’t a trail of coppery blood scent to follow. And when I hunted for food… animals were easy to ferret out, as were discarded leftovers from fast food restaurants. 
Now, however, I couldn’t pick Remy’s scent from the mud and snow and leaves at my feet.
My skin shivers. I want so badly to turn wolf, to give myself that advantage. But I hold back. 
I could stay here, crouched and ready, until I find some trace of him. But I decide instead to find a place to hide where I can attempt to track him. I search the ground, and take a step, avoiding any twigs or dead leaves that might snap and make sound. Still the snow crunches beneath my boots and I freeze, the sound excruciatingly loud in my ears. I take another step, this time lowering my foot slowly to the ground. 
A few more steps and I realize that I am making far too much noise. What am I forgetting? I crouch down, try to ferret out his scent again. 
The door of the cabin slams, a sharp rifle crack that startles me. Through the soles of my boots, I feel a vibration. Yes! I’ve been forgetting about my sense of touch. I press my bare hand to the cold ground, close my eyes, and feel. 
Amazing, what I can sense through the ground. Deep vibrations of either Mom or Aunt Jenny stomping around outside the cabin. The staccato rapping of a woodpecker miles off, barely audible but I can feel them in my hands. The roots of the trees holding fast in the dirt as the wind pushes them around. Water dripping from icicles on the cabin roof. 
If Remy can walk so silently I can’t hear him, I won’t be able to feel his vibrations in the earth, either.
Disappointed, I nearly give up, then stretch my sense of feelings from the tangible earth vibrations to the air. That feeling you get when you know someone is behind you even when you haven’t seen or heard them–I seek out that feeling now, the feeling of another’s consciousness. 
And I can feel something–something that is not Mom or Aunt Jenny or a squirrel or a bird–I move in that direction, my eyes still half-closed to keep that sense prominent. I move quickly, not taking care to mask my own movements. I snake through the trees and lope toward that presence.
“Tag.”
His voice comes from behind me only seconds before I realize the presence I felt had gone. I turn and glare at his smug face. 
He taps my shoulder.
“Yeah, I get it. I lose.”
“Oh, don’t pout. You weren’t too bad, for your first time.”
Oh, all the things I want to scream at him. It isn’t like this is my first time ever tracking anyone. I want to punch that smug grin off his face. Instead I let my eyes do the angry ranting.
“You were somehow able to find me, which is pretty amazing. But you need to learn how to make yourself silent. If you hadn’t been so obvious I couldn’t have surprised you like I did.”
“Okay, then teach me how to move silently. I don’t know how to do it. And how do you hide your scent?”
“That’s pack magic,” Remy says. “I’m... not sure I can teach you that part.”
Pack magic, huh? Who, exactly, is part of Remy’s pack? 
For over an hour Remy instructs me in how to step carefully and lightly and quickly. It’s amazing to watch him: if I weren’t seeing him with my eyes I wouldn’t know he was there. He glides over the snowy, rocky, littered ground like a ghost. Not a sound. 
If I couldn’t sense his presence. 
Now that I’ve figured out how to do this, his being pulls at me. If I close my eyes, I know where he is. 
I have to say it’s pretty distracting.
By the time it starts getting dark I’m feeling more confident in my learning. I can’t glide along quite like Remy can, but we’ve played our version of Hide and Seek twice more, and it’s taken longer and longer for him to surprise me. 
“You learn fast,” he says to me as we walk back to the cabin.
“Thanks.” I don’t meet his eyes. Instead I admire the muscled arm inside the sleeve of his flannel shirt. 
“I’m serious.” 
I look up. Those eyes. God, could they be any paler? 
“I’ve been living out in the woods for years. I mean that it’s taken me years to be as silent as I am. What you learned this afternoon took me months and months.”
“Thanks.” Then, to avoid sounding repetitive, “You’re a good teacher.”
His fingers brush up against mine. Whether it’s an accident or not, I don’t know, because we emerge at the cabin then, and Aunt Jenny is outside beating a rug. She looks up at us and I move away from Remy toward her.




-10-

Once darkness falls, I flop into one of the armchairs around the fireplace. Aunt Jenny had beat the dust out of the cushion, Febreezed it, and covered it with a quilt, and honestly, I’m too tired to care about the faint smell of moldy dust and the lumps. My body is exhausted from the hard work, my stomach is full, and when Remy lights a fire in the fireplace, my eyes slip to half-mast in the lovely warmth. I gaze into the flames, sensing that everyone else is doing the same on their choice of furniture. 
My body here feels warm and safe, but Daniel is still out there. Rubbing my ribcage, I search for the hurt I’d felt there so sharply a couple of days ago. A faint sliver of pain, no more than a paper cut, or the ache of a scar. He isn’t in pain anymore, or not enough to send it across the miles through our bond.
The bonding with Daniel clearly worked. I’d learned easily to tune out Mom and Aunt Jenny’s thoughts after the first time I turned. They were a quiet babble, and it was just as easy to figure out how to keep them out of my head. But Daniel–wow. His thoughts blasted into my head. Both his and his wolf’s, because they were so separate when I caught up to him. I didn’t remember that from childhood, but I wouldn’t, because I hadn’t turned yet. So I can’t be sure that we didn’t always have this bond...
I imagine this bond would be wonderful between two people who loved and respected each other, when one didn’t overpower the other. To know undoubtedly that your partner wasn’t cheating on you, and loved you? That would solve half the world’s problems. To be able to send that kind of love through the bond… it would make a relationship amazing. Far better than any human relationship could ever hope for.
Except when it was bad. Mom told me about how Aunt Jenny and Uncle Frank’s relationship was troubled because Uncle Frank was so dominant. His anger bled through the bond, and made her angry and unhappy. She could sometimes calm him down, but more often than not it didn’t work that way. 
Remy’s face glows orange in the firelight, sharp shadows accenting his chiseled jawline. 
My hands dig into my legs. It’s so unfair, that I should have been mate-bonded to Daniel. It’s like Mom didn’t even consider that I might find another werewolf mate. I know my parents and Daniel’s parents were afraid that we were the only two left, and they had always planned for us to be mated. It had something to do with his grandmother’s death, I know that, too. 
They said Anna Loupe could see things. Things like Daniel being the one who would save us all. I don’t know what Anna might have said about Daniel and me, but I can’t imagine why my mother would bond me to Daniel after what he did. 
She knew he was crazy. Also, he’s my first cousin. Incest had been a problem for our pack going back generations. To the Loupes, in fact: Remy’s direct ancestors. His great-great-grandfather had gone crazy and killed nearly his entire family. Anna was thought to be the only survivor until Remy showed up, proving that some of the children who had escaped and never been heard from had survived, and prospered.
So why would she have done this? Why not wait?
I can’t help thinking that Daniel is weak, even though I care about him. 
Even though he is my mate.
“I’m going to bed,” I tell everyone.
Maybe a little dreamwalking will help me figure this out.

Inside a barn, in the middle of the woods. I hear the night sounds of animals, smell pig and cow, goats and sheep. Grain and hay, gunpowder, manure. Closing my eyes, I use my new lessons to sense where Daniel is. He’s here, but not in the aisle. 
There.
He’s sleeping. Daniel’s dreams are always his real life nightmare. So he’s sleeping, in a barn. I remember that barn in Nebraska he must have slept in, before killing an elderly couple in their bed. I had to burn that house down. So he’s back to his old ways?
Gliding down the center aisle of the barn, getting whiffs of leather, blood, shit–moving silently is so much easier in a dream–I keep that connection to Daniel’s sleeping mind, until I am overcome with the scent of shit. And blood. 
The iron bars of the stall door cast shadows over his sleeping face. He sleeps sitting up, his back against the wooden planks of the wall, his hands open and empty at his sides. The door isn’t locked, exactly. There’s a sliding bolt that he could easily open through the bars, but it’s in the locked position. Is he some kind of prisoner? I look in at him. In sleep he appears vulnerable. His clothes are unwashed and the left side of his torso is covered in dried blood. His leg is wrapped. There are bandages and scissors and thread in the hay and sawdust.
“What happened to you?” I ask.
I am in the stall with him without having thought about it. He is still sleeping. I move toward him, slide effortlessly. 
He is weak, I tell myself. 
The bandages, the needle and thread–he stitched himself up, whatever happened to him. He might be weak, but he is a survivor. I can’t imagine the strength it would take to be able to sew myself together.
I lay down, my head in his lap, and place his arms on me.
The contact wakes him up, and he looks down at me.
This is when I realize I am naked.
I wake up in my sleeping bag, my back sore from sleeping on the floor. Exhaling, I wonder why I couldn’t stay in that dream. Maybe I can go back.
I try, but it isn’t until nearly dawn that sleep returns to me.
This time it’s a house, not a barn, but I sense that the barn is close. The house looks like a rustic log cabin with its sparse décor, but a fight took place here recently. Furniture overturned, claw marks on the hardwood floors, rugs askew. I can smell Daniel everywhere, his scent on the rugs and in the blood splatter on the wall, but not his presence. I can smell other wolves too, unfamiliar wolves. And yet none of them are here.
Someone is here, though. 
A wolf someone.
The unfamiliar house, the hallway full of dark doorways, I feel like the Final Girl in a horror movie waiting to happen. The scent of death hangs heavy in the air. I always want to yell at those girls in the movies. “Turn on the lights, stupid!” or “Don’t go in there!” It’s a dream, though. Horror movie rules don’t apply. I can’t turn on the lights. And unless I feel like standing here until Daniel decides to show up, I need to go in that room. At least I’m not naked like I was in the last dream. I’m wearing my own clothes, the pajama pants and hoodie I wore to bed.
I approach the dark doorway where I can feel someone’s presence. I move as silently as I can, slowly, lightly, ready to run and taking in all the details I can. 
Whoever is in the room hasn’t noticed me yet. They are eating something, I can tell by the snuffling, grunting sounds, the tearing flesh and crunching of bone. The smell of meat, but it isn’t just meat, because I’ve eaten a fresh kill. This dead meat isn’t the usual. It reeks of Death. 
As is wont to happen in dreams, time slows down. I cannot be sure if this is my decision or that of the dreamer–which in this case I don’t think is Daniel. 
Whose head am I in?
The hallway lengthens, the doorway stretching farther away. Everything grows darker. A rumbling–is that thunder? The growling, slurping sounds are so loud now that I want to press my hands against my ears.
I need to get control of this situation. This is someone’s nightmare, and I don’t know how true to life it is.
This is all just a dream.
This is all just a dream.
A crackle of lightning and boom of thunder prove that my mantra hasn’t started working yet. So I do what my instincts tell me to do: squeeze my eyes shut and cover my ears, and speak the words out loud. 
“This is all just a dream.”
My other senses tell me that the oppressive air has lessened. My skin feels the creeping sunlight of dawn. That other presence is in the room, waiting, head cocked and listening.
I inhale, allow myself sight and hearing, and enter the room.
If this was a horror movie, right now would be the point where I’d be screaming, “Run!” at the character on the screen standing stock still in shock at the horrors before her. She stands there with her mouth open, on the verge of screaming, drinking in the horror. “Run, bitch, run!” 
That’s me, standing here with my mouth open, eyes locked on this creature crouched on the floor of a boy’s bedroom–narrow twin bed, blue curtains, some books. The creature from the neck down looks almost human. It has on blue striped pajama pants and a pajama shirt that would button up if any of the buttons were still attached. The shoulder is ripped, a curved gash through to the skin, and soaked through with blood. The hands–because I can’t bring myself to look at his face yet–the hands end in swollen fingers with too many joints and fingernails thick and sharp. 
Up around the neck area is where the hair starts. I have no idea what this boy looked like before, because right now his face is grotesquely stretched, his nose long and his mouth wide with teeth jutting out. Ears long and hairy. Blood and drool dripping from its mouth and hands.
This horror movie I’m in, it’s one of those wolfman movies. 
I’ve never seen my mom or my aunt in this half-stage of transformation. Not even Daniel, when he was learning how to control the change, looked like this, like a monster. 
At the creature’s feet is a body. 
Since the creature is merely observing my presence, I allow myself to peek down at the corpse. Relief–it isn’t Daniel. It’s an older man, burly with a rough beard. I’m not sure what exactly killed him, but given that his torso has been hollowed out like a watermelon I’d place my bets that this kid wasn’t just passing by to snack on a corpse.
Maybe… maybe this kid killed Daniel?
No. 
I would have felt it through the bond. Daniel is alive somewhere. Daniel would have sliced this half-breed to ribbons. Daniel might not have what it takes to be a leader, but when his wolf took over he was a dervish of teeth and claws. 
“Where’s Daniel?” I ask of the boy-wolf.
His eyes are so sad. He points at the window by the bed. It’s open wide enough for a wolf to leap through.
I back out of the doorway and go down the hall to the front door, also open. Leaving that room, I realize suddenly that the dead man was the creature’s father.
Killed his father just like Daniel did.
Outside the front door I am confronted with unformed forest, a wall of green and brown. 
The creature’s dream world ends here. 




-11-

Needless to say, I’m frustrated and still tired when morning rolls around. And naturally my mother is refreshed and chipper and ready to rub it in my face.
“Good morning!” she sings as she comes into the room after a shower.
I groan and roll over. The floor could be made out of granite for how my body feels right now.
Mom hums while she dons her make up and towel-dries her hair. I know this song… Oh. My. God. My mother is humming Lady Gaga. I think I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Even with the pillow wrapped around my head, I can still hear Remy outside chopping wood. Already? How long has he been awake? Then I remember how my mom had been flirting with him yesterday. I get this image of Remy chopping wood with his shirt off and that’s it.
“Can’t you see I’m sleeping?” I snap, which cuts off the Lady Gaga mid-chorus.
“Obviously you’re not,” she replies.
“I could be if you’d even attempt to be quiet.”
“Are you on the rag or something?”
“God, Mom!” 
I slither out of my sleeping bag and stomp off into the kitchen. I barely need to look out the window to see that Remy is indeed shirtless. No wonder Mom is so chipper.
Cooking isn’t exactly my forte, but I can make coffee… I think. We always had a coffee machine at home. The non-electric coffee pot doesn’t have directions on it. I pull off the lid and peer inside, pull out some metal parts. Where do the coffee grinds go?
“The filter goes at the bottom of this part.”
Remy’s hand appears over my shoulder.
I jump. “Jeez! When will you stop doing that?”
He smiles at me. “I think your mom put the filters in that blue bin over there.”
“Seriously, you’re going to give me a heart attack.”
“I guess you need your coffee before you start training?”
“Oh, are we going to do another training session?”
“You can train all day, every day, if you want.”
I look at him doubtfully. “I suppose there’s nothing else to do out here.”
“Once we get this place up and running, there will be plenty to do. We need to plan strategy.”
“Strategy for what? They’ve got us on the run. We’re on the defensive now. All we can do is fortify this place.”
Remy hops and lands sitting on the counter.
“Look, Kayla, I know your mom wants to keep you in the dark. I didn’t know anything about you when I first started helping your mom and Jen. I mean,” he looks down at his hands, “all I knew was that you were a fifteen-year-old girl. I assumed you wouldn’t exactly be a big help. Actually, I assumed you’d be a huge liability.”
“Liability?”
“If any of those other packs got a hold of you… They could hold you for ransom, make your mom grovel to get you back. They could decide to keep you, to use you as a breeder–that would kill your mom even more. I figured if we had to fight, or even run, you’d be the weak link.”
I’m not quite sure how this guy can get me to feel swoony about him one minute, then make me want to punch him the next, but my fists are balled up and ready for action.
He notices and holds up his hands. “Look, now that I’ve met you, I know I was wrong to think that way. You’re plenty strong, and smart. Your pack is small so you might not even know that there are dominant females, but you and your mom are two of the strongest werewolves I’ve ever met.”
“That’s not saying much. You’re a lone wolf.”
Something in his eyes darkens, like a curtain being drawn over a window. He mentioned pack magic. So where’s his pack? Why aren’t they helping us too?
“What, you don’t want my compliments?”
Avoiding my comment about being a lone wolf. I lean back against the counter and appraise him. “So you think we’re strong enough to be on the offensive, that’s what you’re saying?”
“Definitely. You can fight back. You can show them that you refuse to join them.”
He makes it sound so easy. Three women up against two other packs, though–those aren’t great odds.
“Have they told you about what happened after… after Daniel left?” 
“I heard about it.”
“From who?”
He shrugs. “Word gets around.”
I hesitate before continuing. I don’t want to believe that Remy could be a double crosser, a member of those of those enemy packs. He isn’t exactly giving me any assurances that he is here completely on his own.
“The scouts started nosing around before we even had the funerals,” I say. “One of them came right to our front door, delivered flowers. It had only been two days. I was the one who answered the door. I hadn’t turned yet, so I couldn’t smell that he was a wolf or anything. I didn’t even really know Daniel, or my dad, or anyone else was a wolf either. All I knew was that Dad and Uncle Frank and Daniel and Uncle Red had gone on a hunting trip for Daniel’s birthday, and no one had come back. Then she told me they were all dead and Daniel was missing. I was a mess.”
Remy nodded. “It must have been a confusing time.”
“So this guy shows up, and I knew something wasn’t right. He wasn’t driving a florist truck or anything. He said, ‘I heard about your father, and I’d like you to give these to your mother. Geo would like to express his condolences.’”
When I say that name, “Geo,” Remy stiffens. 
“The guy handed me the flowers, then leaned over and kissed my cheek. I was so surprised that I didn’t even have time to react. He stroked my cheek and said, ‘I’ll be sure to tell Geo all about you.’”
“Jesus,” Remy says. His reaction shows that he knows exactly who Geo is, and what Geo is capable of.
“Mom was pretty upset when I told her what had happened. ‘Who’s Geo?’ I asked her. She wouldn’t tell me.  More random guys started showing up and lurking around. There were a couple of them at the funerals, all in black suits with sunglasses on. I thought maybe my Dad had been involved in the Mafia or something, until I figured out they were from an enemy pack.”
“Geo is worse than the mafia.”
I pull out the coffee and filters and start brewing. I can hear Mom finishing up, and I don’t want her to hear me talking about Geo. Not after what happened.
Sometimes it’s easy to forget things when you don’t want to remember them.
“What’s for breakfast?” Mom asks, sauntering into the kitchen. 
I cough pointedly at the cloud of perfume she leaves in her wake.
“So far, just coffee,” Remy says. “I can get some eggs going.”
“A man who cooks, too,” Mom purrs. 
I roll my eyes and ease myself out of the kitchen.
While the coffee percolates, I sit on the back steps. It’s way too cold, yet a whiff of spring is in the air. Snow drips from the roof and trees. Soft thumps come from the woods where clumps fall from tree branches. It’s peaceful out here, if I can ignore my mother’s cloying laughter coming from the kitchen.
I just don’t understand how she can be like this. Remy’s right–we’re strong women. We don’t need men. If Mom thinks we need a man to take care of us, why didn’t she just accept Geo’s offer? 
I went along with the idea of bringing Daniel back to be our pack Alpha, because he was part of our pack. I trusted what Daniel’s grandmother said about Daniel helping us. I figured it couldn’t hurt to have a strong fighter with us–he killed three grown werewolves his first time out, he had to be a strong fighter–and having grown up with Daniel… well, I didn’t know what he was like now that he was a wolf, but I’d rather have an Alpha I knew rather than one I didn’t know. 
Somewhere along that journey, realizing that Daniel really wasn’t a born leader, and reflecting on my father and his father and Uncle Red, I came to the conclusion that none of the male werewolves I’d ever known were any stronger or better leaders than myself or my mother. 
I loved my dad. He was way nicer than Uncle Frank, but like both of my uncles, he drank too much. I guess I was lucky he was more of a happy drunk. When I think about him I can smell Budweiser. He liked to sing Irish drinking songs and ballads he learned from Uncle Frank, and he treated me like I was a princess. I think he always hoped I’d find someone else other than Daniel. He never acted like I was mated to Daniel the way my mom did.
I just wish my mom would realize what I did: that you don’t need a man to be a strong woman.
“Coffee’s ready,” Remy calls out the window.

The following days pass by uneventfully, if you don’t count the blisters I get from all the wood Remy makes me hack up. “It’ll give you some upper body strength,” Remy promised. 
I took the axe from him doubtfully. “What’s next? ‘Wax on, wax off’?”
He just gave me a confused look, which made me remember that he’s lived his life off the grid. “Karate Kid” references weren’t going to fly with him. Yet the situation, as I chopped near to a cord of wood, was definitely reminiscent of those crazy tasks Mr. Miagi dreamt up.
In the evenings, Remy and I practiced sneaking up on each other. We didn’t do it formally, like we had that first time. One day after dinner Remy surprised me when I turned the corner to go to the bathroom, and after that it was like a game of getting him back. 
It probably wasn’t a good idea to hide in the shower, in retrospect. I figured I might surprise him brushing his teeth or flossing. When I heard him unzip his jeans, I knew this was a bad idea. 
Be silent, I told myself. Stay silent. Don’t breathe. 
Be thankful he’s just peeing and not taking a shit.
Of course, then I heard the pants drop, and then his hand reached into the shower and turned on the water.
For a split second I considered continuing the game, but the jig was up. It was either fess up now, or end up in the shower with Remy. 
“Cold!” I shrieked, and flailed a bit, giving Remy time to grab a towel to cover his manly parts before I leapt out at him. 
In retrospect, maybe I shouldn’t have run out of there quite so fast, because Remy definitely hadn’t had time to grab a towel.
“Really, you had no idea I was in there?”
“Not a clue,” Remy tells me. 
We’re standing outside, waiting for Mom and Aunt Jenny. It’s been a week since we came here, yet this is the first time we’ve decided to hunt. I’m more than a little anxious about stripping down in front of Remy. I don’t remember feeling this way when I changed in front of Daniel. Maybe because we grew up together. It felt… natural? Plus we were alone in a snowstorm and kinda in a rush since we were about to be attacked by an enemy pack and all. Also, cold.
Now, though, it’s muddy and broad daylight and my mom is standing right there. 
Not exactly sexy times.
Coupled with the near nakedness bathroom fiasco of an hour ago, this has all the makings of an Awkward Moment.
“Why were you taking a shower anyway? We’re just going to get all muddy and gross running around in the woods.”
Remy shrugs. “Maybe because I knew you were hiding in the shower.”
I narrow my eyes but can’t help smiling. I can never tell with Remy if he’s telling the truth or not. With members of my pack I can usually get enough from our bonds to tell if they’re lying, but even though Remy is a descendent of the original five werewolf families that emigrated here from Europe with my ancestors, he’s not a pack member. We’ve never added anyone to our pack, so I’m not quite sure how that works. 
I’m not even sure Remy wants to be a member of our pack. Which only makes me question why he’s helping us. 
“Are we ready to go?” Mom asks, stepping out of the house and starting to unbutton her shirt. 
I look away into the trees.
“Jen’s not here yet,” Remy says.
“I’ll be done with the dishes in a minute,” Aunt Jenny calls from the kitchen.
“Leave it to Jenny to need the house picked up before a run,” Mom sighs, and starts unlacing her boots.
Leave it to Mom to start stripping, just so her naked body can be in Remy’s sights for that much longer.
“What’s the plan? Big game?” Mom sits on the picnic table to haul her boots off and tuck her socks inside.
Remy nods. “Obviously we’ll want to train taking down a group of targets, but for this first time out I think we should focus on working together to take down one large target.”
“It’s going to be hard if you don’t have a pack bond,” I say, still trying to avoid looking at my mom’s goosepimply skin.
“That will come with time,” Mom says. “Exercises like this will reestablish the blood bond he shares with us already.” Apparently the blood bond allows us to communicate as wolves. The telepathy thing. Different from the telepathy Daniel and I have when we’re human. Different than the telepathy I share with the female pack members as human. 
And her shirt comes off. Her black bra makes her skin look startlingly pale.
“I’m coming,” Aunt Jenny says, her voice closer now that she’s hurrying out of the door. She starts peeling off her clothes too, and finally Remy is getting down to business, casting little peeks at me. I still haven’t moved.
“Kayla, come on. Don’t start being shy now.” Mom’s admonishment comes seconds before she stands up, now fully nude, bats her eyes at Remy, and melts into her wolf shape. 
She’s a beautiful wolf, with nearly the same color fur as mine–a deep caramel color with some lighter ridges of fur on her chest and forehead, and darker patches at the tips of her ears and paws. Aunt Jenny has blonder fur with no black at all, only a white underbelly. 
Remy is magnificent. He has a deep grey pelt with a black stripe along his back and black points–paws, nose, and ears. Around his eyes the fur is lighter grey. He’s much larger than I expected. I suppose I haven’t had many male werewolves to compare him to except Daniel, who was skinny as a human and wiry as a wolf. 
I kick off my shoes and unzip my outer layers slowly, then realize what a poor strategy this is now that they are all wolf and waiting.
With my back turned to them all, I rip my shirt off, shimmy out of my jeans and underwear, and whip into wolf shape as I turn around, pleased to have been naked for as short a time as possible.
It’s hard to tell, but I think my mom just rolled her wolfy eyes at me.
No one moves. 
I realize that we never discussed who would be the leader. Without an alpha, I’ve always just followed my mother’s orders, and figured she would take point. My mother must be assuming Remy will lead, being the male. Remy isn’t a member of the pack, though, so he hasn’t moved either. 
Fine with me.
I bound toward the trees and feel my mom’s surprise–followed by annoyance–through the bond. Aunt Jenny feels pleased. I can’t feel what Remy is feeling at all, but I hear him behind me, close at my heels.
With wolf ears I can immediately get a sense of the land. A stream bubbles about two miles east, and I head in that direction, where there will likely be animals coming to drink and scent trails to follow. I don’t get a sense of any large prey nearby. It’s interesting to feel the presence of the forest’s smaller creatures without the aid of scent or hearing, like little bubbles of life essence floating in the trees.
In the past year I spent more time as a wolf than as a human, and something about being wolf feels so right. This is where I should be, in this moment, in the forest, running and hunting and surrounded by my pack. It was difficult in those months I searched for Daniel alone, and a couple of times I actually sought out a pack of real wolves and ran with them just to keep the loneliness at bay. When I found Daniel, I felt whole again. Together we spent a lot of time as wolves, too. We had to survive, and in the winter it was easier to survive as a wolf than as a human. We had to hunt in order not to starve.
I’m not sure my mom or my aunt has ever felt that way. During the short two and a half years after I turned and before heading out to find Daniel, the three of us only went hunting once a month, on the full moon. It was some kind of archaic ritual that the pack had always done, a moon-worship kind of thing. Aunt Jenny sometimes talked about Artemis or Diana like they were real women she knew who would give her advice or help her with her grief. My mom didn’t go in for that sort of thing and I never really understood the point of hunting, especially after I set out on my own. We were humans with houses and grocery stores. We didn’t need to hunt. 
Now we still don’t really need to hunt, but I see the need for this. A way for the pack to bond. It wouldn’t hurt to have some extra food without having to go the store and risk Geo’s spies finding us, but we aren’t exactly going to be able to carry a full-grown elk back to camp, not in wolf form anyway. The hunt is to bring us together, to make us of one mind.
We’re at the stream before I know it and at that point we all slow down, spread out, and start sniffing for a trail. I smell lots of small game but nothing larger. Our noses take us in different directions. I can feel my mom and Aunt Jenny’s pull on me, but I have to keep craning my neck around to get a lock on Remy until I stop sniffing and really focus to get that bubble of his presence tethered in. Maybe that’s why he’s able to sneak up on us, because we’re so used to the pack bonds that it’s strange not to feel his there, and his scent is pack-familiar because of his bloodlines, so we don’t smell him as easily.
Remy stops and watches me like he can tell what I’m doing.
It’s an odd sensation when Remy’s presence latches onto mine. 
It’s like that feeling I got after that first training session in the woods, only stronger, like our minds are magnets drawn together. Before it was just an awareness, but now it’s an expansion, a link, a rush of bond joining us, like nothing I’ve ever experienced with a bond, not even with Daniel. Because with Daniel, that link had always been there, dormant, quiet, just waiting to be reawakened. Right now Remy’s life is rushing at me, and I’m sure part of my life is rushing at him, and I’m overwhelmed with his memories.
His childhood growing up alone in the forest, with only his father. He’d never known a mother. She had been human, and died in childbirth. His father, having grown up a fugitive, was quiet and introverted and prone to inexplicable rages. Remy was truly a child of the forest. That’s the sense I get of his memories: 
sky and trees and earth and weather
A solitary life. 
I realize that he had only ever shared a bond with his father. I can’t even begin to know what he’s getting from me, and his wolf face doesn’t reveal how he might be feeling about it. I open the bonds to my mother and Aunt Jenny, cautious, hoping that what is happening is okay. 
This must be how Remy joins our pack. 
I think?
When my mother and Aunt Jenny continue searching for game, I realize that my bond with Remy is closed to them. They don’t feel him as I do. 
Remy approaches me and snuffles the fur around my neck. I allow it, unsure of what to do. What kind of bond is this?
Then, through my mother’s bond, I sense that she found a trail. Aunt Jenny and I immediately run to her side, with Remy following a split second later, having sensed this through our bond. 
The scent of prey consumes us, and our wolf instincts take over. We race along after the musk in a rough diamond formation–Mom in the lead, me at the rear, Remy and Aunt Jenny flanking. Each of us is alert for other predators or danger. I haven’t sensed anything since we changed, but I can sense how the excitement of the chase distracts everyone else. They haven’t been attacked the way Daniel and I were attacked, and if we should be attacked now, I know none of us are anywhere near the fighter Daniel is. 
Was. 
He left me.
The prey we follow is an enormous elk. Male, I finally recognize in his scent when I see the huge rack of antlers. He is not alone, but he will be the one to protect his herd. 
Mom has been in point position during the chase but now she holds back. She’s never taken down a creature this big, or this aggressive. Aunt Jenny falls behind me. I nudge Remy’s mind through the bond.
(I’ll distract, you circle)
To Mom and Aunt Jenny:
(circle circle go wide)
Before they can react I dart in for a frontal attack. The elk trumpets and rears, then swings his antlers down. I’m not really going to attack–I feint left, narrowing avoiding the sharp prongs. Digging my paws into the snow, I dart to his right side next, growl and snap, feeling more than seeing/hearing/smelling my pack mates circling around behind. He can see them, the prey eyes positioned on the sides of his head, but I keep his attention on me. I weave back and forth, entice him to charge me, head lowered. I’m not quite quick enough to escape this time: he catches me under one foot with an antler and throws me off balance. But I leap to my feet and am out of the way before he swings his head again, and by now, my pack mates are ready to attack.
Remy’s teeth go straight for the tendons on one of the rear legs, while my mom leaps on the elk’s back. 
(go for the belly!)
My command reaches Aunt Jenny, who snaps out of her uncertainty. Yes, the underbelly. That is the weak place where there are no bones in the way, or thick ridges of hair. Mom seems to be doing well enough, clawing up the elk’s flanks, but she isn’t going to bring it down this way. I dart and weave, the dance becoming easier for me now that the elk is down one leg–now another, as Remy artfully ducks a flying hoof and rips out the tendons of the other leg. The elk sinks back like it’s sitting down for a breather, and its head tilts back to trumpet one last song for its herd.
This is when I dart in and rip out its jugular.
The fur here is thick, but my teeth are sharp and a gush of blood floods my mouth and throat. I jerk my head from side to side until it’s free and I have a nice thick bite of elk meat. Of course, that bite is covered in hair and I drop it, then dig my muzzle into its throat and search for better meat, because my adrenaline is rushing and the blood is flowing and my teeth are so, so sharp.
Some time later, I awaken from my blood lust and lick the thick fluid from my face. We’ve all been feasting, keeping the crows at bay. The great beast’s stomach is exposed to the elements, a gaping maroon cave spilling out its precious treasures of intestines and other organs. Aunt Jenny is tearing at the liver, while my mother rips muscle and fat from the dripping ribcage and swallows the chunks whole.
Remy is right beside me. I hadn’t noticed him there.
(the heart is yours)
His voice in my head startles me. I blink at him. He indicates with his nose. The heart. It hangs there from the eviscerated chest cavity like an overripe fruit.
I look from the heart to Remy, to my mother and Aunt Jenny.
(this is your kill)
My mother’s voice. Her mouth opens and her tongue lolls out in a wolfy grin. This feeling coming through the bond–she’s proud of me. 
Well, some girls make their moms proud by getting straight A’s or not screwing up at their dance recital or earning a coveted spot on the cheerleading squad.  
I guess we’re a tad different.




-12-

That night I dreamwalk into Remy’s head.
I hadn’t tried to get back in Daniel’s dreams after the weird encounter with the half-were. It seemed like Daniel had escaped whatever weird place he was in, and I just didn’t feel like having another nightmare. 
I certainly hadn’t been trying to get into Remy’s dreams, but here I am, back in the clearing where we found the elk, only it’s sunset instead of midday. The amber hues of the scrub grass in the field are ablaze with the setting sunlight. The melting snow glows. Against the orange sky, the elk’s antlers are silhouetted and magnificent. The air feels warmer. 
I look around, and realize it’s just Remy and I, and we’re human.
He’s looking at me with undisguised awe on his face. For a brief moment I look down to make sure I’m wearing clothes, and I am. A floaty red dress that barely hits mid-thigh, sure, but I’m fully covered. 
I’m also barefoot, but since this is a dream, my feet aren’t cold. 
My moments of figuring out the situation are cut short when my body moves on its own, whirling away from Remy and leaping–serious, ballet-style leaping–into the grass. I bound like a gazelle, and once the surprise of doing this so effortlessly wears off, I really start to flying, testing the limits of the dream abilities Remy has given me. 
Leap, fly, brief touch of my toe on the ground, then launch into the air again. I’m dancing in the color-rich air with a flurry of dust motes swirling around me. 
Too soon, I reach the cool shadows of the trees and stop.
When I turn to Remy, he is still standing there with a squinty smile on his face. He waves, a little flick of his wrist like a salute. His skin is a deep bronze.
I smile and wave back. 
He moves toward me, slow motion, and I am drawn forward as well.
He is beautiful, and he wants me.
Never before have I been inside a dream so happy and wonderful. The feeling of joy lifts my feet from the ground, making me lighter than air. I feel radiant, my hair a streaming veil behind me. 
Such a contrast to earlier today, primal and coated in blood.
I could allow myself to be carried away with this dream of Remy’s. He would sweep me into his arms and carry me off, lay me down in a bed of field grass and have his way with me. His way, although I’d probably enjoy it. 
Just before we meet in each other’s arms, I stop, then he stops, and we look at each other.
In that moment I realize that he can see me as I see him. As something outside of this dream. 
I wake up.

The next morning, no one is jumping out of bed at the crack of dawn. I lay in my sleeping bag, eyes closed but very much awake. I might have imagined that flash of recognition, but somehow I don’t think I did. Remy’s intentions in the dream were clear, but when I stopped the dream from continuing along the hot and steamy romance path it was taking, he became aware of what I was doing.
That’s never happened to me before.
The hunt yesterday has either exhausted Mom and Aunt Jenny, or given them a much-needed sense of safety and contentment. Mom is snoring in her sleeping bag, with one arm over her eyes. Aunt Jenny is curled up in a little ball on the mattress. Her deep, even breathing tell me she’s still asleep. 
I close my eyes and listen through the walls for sounds from the living room, where Remy should be sleeping on the couch. Sure enough, I sense his presence there, although I don’t think he’s sleeping. He’s lying awake, like I am.
Without a clock I have to rely on the sun to tell me what time it is. Early spring sunlight streams through the windows, barely filtered through the bedsheet-turned-curtains Aunt Jenny put up.
I throw a guess out there: it’s nine-fifteen. I’m trying to remember where I put my cell phone so I can check the time when 
(Close. 9:37.)
pops into my head. 
Immediately I throw up my mental walls. Remy. That tenuous bond we had while hunting can’t be responsible for this, now can it? I bury my face in my pillow. I don’t want him in my head, any more than I want my mom in there. But how? How?
I know at this moment that I will not be able to sleep.
Silently I climb out of the sleeping bag, my newfound skills keeping my mom and aunt asleep, then enter the living room, where Remy is waiting for me.
“Hi,” he says.
“Hi.”
I stand there, not knowing what to do or say. Some part of me remembers that he is much older than me. He probably knows more than me about bonds and all that. I crack my toes and stare at the knees of his plaid pajama pants.
“Honestly, I have no more idea about what just happened than you do.” 
And I know he’s being honest, because I could feel it yesterday, while we were hunting, that he had never really had a bond with anyone before.
“Does this mean we’re bonded? Are you part of our pack now?”
He shrugs. “I don’t think so. I think I’m only connected to you.”
I meet his eyes, and he shifts, pats the place on the lumpy couch beside him. 
Come here, sit, little puppy, sit. Good girl.
I move toward him but sit in the chair instead. 
“We haven’t exchanged blood. We didn’t do the ritual. So we’re not mated,” I say firmly.
“What ritual?”
“The Bonding ritual. Ask Mom,” I wave toward the wall that separates the bedroom from the living room. 
“I’ve never heard of a ritual for mating,” Remy says. “It sounds so… archaic.”
I shrug.
I choose not to tell him that the ritual worked on me and Daniel. I choose not to say that I am already mated.
Inside I’m beginning to wonder why there should be a ritual. Did the first werewolves who ever mated have this ritual? I’m sure there is some natural way for mating to occur without offerings to Artemis, or even bloodletting.
maybe mating comes with sex there’s blood in sex the first time
My cheeks burn at the thought. Me, and Daniel, that hot snowy night...
But I hadn’t done anything with Remy, so what the hell was this?
“I had an interesting dream last night,” Remy says, and startles me out of my perverted thoughts.
I’m not sure what I could say that would sound casual, like I had no idea what he was talking about, so I say nothing.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were a dreamwalker?”




-13-

According to Remy, dreamwalking is a gift passed down through the blood. “It’s very rare,” he explained. 
“But you have heard of it,” I stated.
“My upbringing was a bit… unusual.” Remy gave me a crooked smile.
I lowered my voice. “I don’t think my mom knows about it.”
“Could be not. Have you ever dreamwalked with her?”
“Once or twice, early on. By accident. When–” my dad was murdered, my whole family was murdered, when Daniel killed them “...a couple of years after Daniel left, I dreamwalked with Aunt Jenny. That one was a little more intentional, and she never said anything to me afterwards.”
“What was that dream like?”
I spoke softly, knowing that if Aunt Jenny was awake, she could hear me. My senses told me she was still sleeping, but better to be safe. “She was still grieving for Daniel, I think. I don’t think she really cared about Uncle Frank at all… she knew that Uncle Frank had brought Daniel up to the mountain to challenge him. To kill him. Anyway, I was there for her, in the dream. After that, she seemed better.”
“But she didn’t seem to know you were actually in the dream.”
“No.”
Aunt Jenny might be my mother’s sister, but the two of them aren’t very similar. I always got the feeling that my mother looked down on Aunt Jenny for being weak and allowing Uncle Frank to treat her the way he did. I think it really helped Jenny to know that I didn’t look down on her, too. 
Remy’s warm hand covers mine. Somehow he has reached across the distance I left between us silently. I stare at our hands touching each other. Slowly, he curls his fingers around mine.
“This gift you have, it’s rare.” My eyes are mesmerized by his lips. “And powerful.”
In that moment I know I can trust him. The bond between us is open and strong, and his intention is unwavering.
“We can use this,” he says.
I squeeze his hand back. It’s surprising how quickly an hour passes gazing into his eyes.

Later that week Remy decides that two of us should return home to scout around, see if anyone’s been there. It becomes a heated discussion around the fireplace one evening.
“The reason we came here was to be safe,” Aunt Jenny says. “If we go back now, it’s just leaving us open for them to follow us here.”
“It’s difficult to track anyone in a car,” Mom says.
“Humans follow people in cars all the time,” I remind her. “They might not be in wolf form when we see them. They might have our old house staked out and be waiting there for us to drive by.”
“Maybe I could just call my old boss at the diner and ask him to drive out there and have a look,” Aunt Jenny suggests.
Remy doesn’t like that idea. “If there are enemies there watching the house, you could be putting an innocent person in danger.”
I’m in the chair again, one leg dangling over the arm. Remy sits on the couch, lightly touching my foot in the hidden corner where Mom can’t see. She hasn’t been flirting quite as hard-core as a week ago, and she often stops and watches Remy and me when we’re talking. I’m not quite sure why I don’t want her to know that I’m interested in him. Maybe because I was so opposed to it when she first suggested the idea of mating me with him. 
I’ll make my own decisions, thank you very much. And if that means waiting until she’s not all over us being together, so be it. I can wait. At least until I’m old enough to be married in the state of Montana.
“So how exactly are we going to do this, then?” Mom asks. 
 “I was thinking that Kayla and I could drive there.” 
Mom opens her mouth to remind him about what I just said, but Remy holds up one hand. “We’ll first go to Glendive and rent a car, then drive that car out to Wolf Point.”
“You could still be followed,” Mom says, eyes narrowed, looking from me to Remy and back again.
“I don’t see why we need to go back,” Aunt Jenny says. “We’re safe here. We should stay here.”
“We can’t keep running scared!” Mom shouts at her. 
“Julie, calm down.” Remy’s voice of reason cuts through the tension in the room. “We need to do some reconnaissance. We need to find out where they’re hiding, where they’re looking, what kind of numbers they’ve got. They’ll be watching your compound, I’m sure of it.”
Compound. It sounds like a cult. I suppose, knowing that we were a wolf pack, compound could describe how we lived. I still don’t like it. We had three little cabins out in the woods. That’s all.
“How exactly are you going to do all this spying? And what makes you think I’m going to let you take my fifteen-year-old daughter off on a spying mission, alone, with a full-grown man?”
I give my mother a look. Really? She’s going to play that card, when she was practically marrying me off to the guy a week ago?
“I promise that I will be a perfect gentleman,” Remy says. His intention pours forth like a blanket. He’s trying to use the kind of pack magic I once used on Daniel on my mother–I stop myself from smiling. I’m not even sure pack magic will work. Thus far, it hasn’t seemed like Remy has bonded with anyone else in our pack other than me.
Mom narrows her eyes. “I think you should take Jenny with you. That way you leave Kayla and I here. We can protect ourselves.”
“Kayla has some… unique… abilities that are necessary to this mission.”
He words it carefully, yet I know he’s talking about my dreamwalking, and I don’t want him to tell anyone. 
(why not?)
I blink at the unbidden thought, then, without looking at him–continuing to give my mother a death glare, in fact–
(I don’t know. I just don’t want her to know)
“And what ‘unique abilities’ are we talking about?” Mom is pissed. I can tell because she just used air quotes.
(come on, you must have some idea) 
(I don’t know!)
“You’re acting like you know my daughter better than I do. I know her abilities. I raised her; I trained her.”
(need a reason)
(because then she’ll know I kept this a secret from her. because then I’ll have something she doesn’t have. because then she’ll find a way to make me hate it.)
“As you know, I’ve been training with Kayla, and we work well together,” Remy says finally. “We’ve developed something like a pack bond that I haven’t been able to develop with either of you. I think it’s much safer to go on this mission with someone I can communicate with in an emergency.”
The fire crackles.
“You’ve… developed a bond?” Mom asks quietly. 
Asks me, not Remy.
I can’t look at her. I was all worried about her finding out about my dreamwalking, while this secret is possibly worse. Much worse. 
“It just happened,” I say, like that’s going to make it any better that it was accidental. “During the hunt. I don’t know how.”
Mom studies me. Testing our bond. To see if I’m lying.
Thing is, I’m not.
Finally she looks at Remy. Glares at him. 
I know exactly what she’s thinking, too: You did this. You have corrupted my daughter. You knew what you were doing even if she didn’t.
It isn’t Mom who breaks the silence, though. It’s Aunt Jenny.
“So it’s true. You didn’t bond with Daniel.”
I can’t say it. I can’t tell anyone, not now. Even though tears are now brimming in her eyes, and she’s leaving the room, sniffling, and Mom is saying, “Oh, Jenny.” 
I definitely can’t tell Remy.




-14-

The day is unseasonably warm, and I roll my window down despite the breeze that is a little too sharply cold. The sunshine just feels so good.
Remy and I left before the sun rose this morning. Mom made sure she was awake and sipping her coffee in the dark kitchen when we went out the door. It’s been two days since the argument and she’s still nursing a grudge.
Her bond with me has been closed off tight. I think it’s jealousy, and it’s strange for me to think about my mother being jealous of me. She already had her time–already was married and had a child. She shouldn’t be so concerned about my love life. She shouldn’t have been thinking about pursuing someone so much younger that he would be interested in her daughter.
I wish she could have said something before we left. Something. Anything. She barely spoke to me as Remy and I made preparations. “I love you,” I told her before we left. Her coldness prevented me from even thinking about trying to hug her good-bye.
And forget Aunt Jenny. She’s been holed up in the bedroom since the other night.
can’t tell her about Daniel no matter what
Getting out of that cabin is like removing a heavy set of chains. Finally, I’m free. I’m alone with Remy. Although that scares me a little, I can at least talk to him without having to constantly worry about my mom listening in or watching us.
We stopped at a gas station two hours into the trip. I bought a coffee for Remy (black, one sugar) and an iced coffee (extra cream, extra sugar) for myself while he filled the tank. Up to this point, we haven’t really been awake enough to talk much.
“I’m beginning to get the sense that your Mom doesn’t like me very much,” Remy says now that the caffeine has perked us up.
“I don’t think she likes me very much right now, either,” I say, rolling up the window. 
My hand rests in Remy’s across the center console of the Jeep. It feels so natural and right.
like Daniel is a distant memory
I wish my wolf would stop reminding me about Daniel every time I think about Remy.
“And your Aunt Jenny…”
He stops. I know what he wants to talk about now. Not my mom. 
Daniel.
“Your mom tried to bond you with Daniel?”
“Yeah.”
Have to close off our bond. I don’t want him to know. I want this to be a good trip.
“Kayla.”
I can’t tell him.
Can’t tell him that I can still feel Daniel. Feel his pain.
The past two nights, Daniel has been running. Running and running and running. My legs feel tired. I’ve actually tried to reach him in his dreams, but he isn’t sleeping. He’s just running. I get these glimpses, but he can’t hear me, I can tell. I scream at him to stop running. He can’t hear me. 
“Kayla?”
“Daniel’s gone, okay? I don’t want to talk about him.”
There goes any hope of this being a fun trip.



-15-

The awkward silence stretches over the miles. Remy never made a move toward the radio so I put it on, tuning it to my favorite station.
By the time we stop to get the rental car, I’m starving. I wait outside the dealership, staring over rows and rows of shiny cars. I imagine it’s better to be outside. People might get suspicious of a young teenage girl alone on a school day with some random guy in his twenties. 
It makes me feel like a total freak that my two choices of romantic partners are
1.my first cousin
2.a distant relative who others might think is a pedophile.
Oh Alex Lo, what are you up to now? Seriously, there has to be someone better out there for me. Someone approximately my age who is not part of my family tree.
It takes a while for the paperwork and all. By the time we’re back on the road I’ve had an opportunity to come up with some conversation topics to fill the three hours or so we still have to drive.
“If you were stranded on a deserted island, what three things would you bring with you?”
Remy gives me a long, concerned look.
“You might want to keep your eyes on the road.”
When it becomes clear that Remy is not going to answer my hypothetical question, I give my own answer. “If I were stranded on a deserted island, I would bring a good sharp knife. I wouldn’t need anything else.”
“Really.”
“Yes. Really. I can use a knife to start a fire, to cut wood and build a shelter, and to protect myself.”
“Not even your favorite teddy bear? A photo album?”
“Nope.”
“Not the sentimental type, then?”
“You gonna answer my question or just criticize my answer?”
Remy thinks for a moment, then says, “I wouldn’t bother bringing anything.”
“Nothing?”
“I’ve got my wolf for hunting for food, and I’m sure I could find some natural shelter.”
My jaw clenches because he’s right. Wolves will survive. They don’t need warmth or shelter. Especially not on a tropical island.
“What both of us should bring is a life raft. So we could get off the island.”
“Okay, Mr. Smartypants. If you could have one extra hour in the day to do only one thing, what would that one thing be?”
“Seriously? What’s with the icebreaker questions?”
I cross my arms over my chest. “I think it’s a good way to get to know someone.”
“You don’t feel like you know me?” He flashes me a most untrustworthy smile.
“No, I don’t. You’re a total mystery. I never knew you existed until a couple weeks ago, and now you’re around every day. But I don’t know you.”
“I bet you say that about everyone who isn’t in your pack.”
“You know what I mean.”
He’s quiet for a moment. I’m interested to learn his answer to my question. I know what I’m going to say: I’d spend that hour learning archery. I’ve been wanting to learn archery ever since I read The Hunger Games last year.
“I don’t think you can ever really know a person.”
Not the answer I was expecting.
“Really? Never?”
“Spoken like someone who’s never been betrayed,” Remy says.
“I’ve been betrayed.” Daniel definitely betrayed me by running away. But it wasn’t like I didn’t see that coming. He was always on the border of being ready to crack under the pressure. Which is why I had to follow him around in wolf form for three months before I thought he could handle the fact that he was a werewolf.
“By who?” 
I twist in my seat so I’m staring directly at the side of Remy’s face. “I asked you a question. Stop turning it around on me. I’m never going to trust you if you never answer any questions about yourself.”
“You’re not really asking me questions. You’re giving me hypothetical situations. There’s a big difference.”
“I think hypothetical situations can tell a lot about a person.”
“I think real situations can tell a lot about a person. Hypotheticals only tell you what the person thinks of themselves.”
I settle back in my seat, unwilling to concede that he has a point. Yes, actions speak louder than words. Fine. 
“Here’s what I’ve learned from this real situation.” I begin counting on my fingers. “You don’t want to talk about yourself. You don’t trust me. And I don’t trust you.”
Remy opens his mouth to talk, closes it, takes a deep breath, then speaks. “Here’s what I’ve learned from your answers. You know you’re strong. You think you’re smart. You think you’re tough. You don’t want to admit that you’re attracted to me.” He gives me a short sidelong look. “But you haven’t been tested.”
“You don’t know anything about me!”
“So you’ve faced a situation where it seemed like there was no way out, and still found the strength to fight? You’ve been beaten to where it’d be easier to lie down and die, and still found the strength to stand?”
I don’t answer. Instead, I stare out the window at the trees and miles flashing past. It’s true. It’s all true. I haven’t been tested. 
Daniel has. 
And I called him weak.
A wave of shame crashes through me. How could I be so mean? I can’t even begin to fathom all the horrors he’s seen. 
A life of abuse, for starters; waking up to discover you’ve not only murdered all the men in your family, but literally ripped them to shreds. Maybe even eaten parts of them. I swallow, turning my mind to other things. 
Leaving home at age thirteen–the age when I was going into eighth grade and my biggest concern was some jock asshole calling me a redneck–he was out there, on the roads, worrying about when he was going to find his next meal, or whether when he woke up he’d find himself in the middle of a crime scene. 
In the short period when we traveled together, he was attacked by a serious serial killer, nearly starved to death in the snow because I pushed him too hard, killed a little girl, attempted suicide… and as icing on the cake, discovered he was a werewolf and had to save his family from enemy wolves. 
It was enough to make anyone break. So he ran away from all that responsibility. That didn’t make him weak. He was still alive, still fighting to survive. Since he left me
since I didn’t go looking for him
since I didn’t fight for him
I shake my head.
something terrible has happened to him. He was injured, captured, and now he’s running somewhere. 
And strangely, though I can’t communicate through our bond because of the distance, I get the sense that he’s not running away. That he’s on a mission.
Maybe he’s coming back.
“I’m not trying to be mean,” Remy says finally. “I don’t even know how we started talking about this.”
“Whatever.”
At least there’s some music to fill the empty space where a great conversation could be taking place.
I don’t realize until almost noon that we aren’t heading home.
“That sign just said Billings. We’re going the wrong way!”
“I’m not going the wrong way.”
“Can’t you even admit that you’re lost?”
“We weren’t ever going back to your house,” Remy says. “Sorry, I was going to tell you earlier in the trip.”
“Why didn’t you tell me right from the start? Was all this some trick to get me alone and vulnerable? For you to take advantage of me?”
Remy laughs. “Kayla, I don’t think you could ever be vulnerable.”
I glare at him. “Explain. Now.”
“Okay, okay.” He’s still laughing a little. “I couldn’t tell you earlier, because you might have accidentally leaked the real plans to your family. Through the bond. I know you’d never tell them on purpose, but it’s very hard for bonded werewolves to lie to each other. You know that.”
“I could have kept it secret.” My voice is indignant but there’s a kernel of doubt that even my mental walls aren’t strong enough. “So what is the real plan?”
“I have an idea of where Geo’s pack in headquartered. We’re going to a location halfway between there and your house.”
“How would you know where their headquarters are? Unless you’re a spy?”
“I have ways.”
“Really? You don’t trust me enough to tell me?”
“I thought we already established that.”
Touché. 
“Okay, so what are we going to do at this mysterious secret location?” I considered a joke about making sweet, secret love, but decided against it.
“We’re going to use those mysterious, secret powers of yours.”
Remy smiles.
Is that a little bit of wicked I see glinting in his eyes?




-16-

We pull up to a hotel and once again, I have to bite my tongue against bad sex jokes. I heard somewhere that there’s a little truth behind every joke, I think Freud might have said it. Maybe I need to get over myself and just admit that I want to fuck Remy.
The thought makes my insides turn to ice.
“So this is the secret hideout,” I say, hoping he doesn’t hear the slight tremor.
He winks. “Super secret.” He unbuckles his seatbelt, then turns to me. “Uh, you’d better stay in the car.”
“Oh. Right. So they don’t think I’m your underage Lolita prostitute,” I say.
His cheeks turn a slight shade of red. “Yeah. Something like that.” He gets out of the car and shuts the door behind him, only a wisp of cold air invading the warm interior.
I’m glad my awful sex jokes make him uncomfortable. They make me uncomfortable. Why can’t I keep my stupid mouth shut around him? I watch him walk to the hotel office, and realize I’m checking out his ass. Great. This is one of those motor lodges like the one my mom and aunt were staying at when I got back, where a balcony allows for all the rooms to exit outside instead of into a hallway. The kind of place where you could be discreet and bring your whore.
It’s weird with Remy. With Daniel I didn’t think about sex sex sex. 
That night, after those wolves attacked us, we were freezing and all I could think about was getting warm, and yes, I had been impressed by the way Daniel had fought - so sexist, I know but he was amazing, a fury of fangs and claws - and in getting out of our wet, cold clothes, suddenly our skin met and our bond drew us together and I couldn’t get enough, I wanted to be one with him, to be inside his skin
his skin was cold on fire smooth with a secret language of raised scars
something had loosened inside of me, a ball of heat in my abdomen, and the desire made all thoughts of cold go away
holding him so tight I probably hurt him
I didn’t care if he hurt me, it was all the same at that point, cold/hot/pleasure/pain
I couldn’t tell you many of the details about that night, my rational thought went away and all I can remember is that heat and fierce wanting. After that, I was so sure… How could there have been any doubt in his mind? We were powerful together. We were bonded. We were meant to be. I could only make him stronger.
Yet he left me, only a few days later.
A thought niggles in my brain. 
you could have been kinder
I was never really mean to him.
you could have been more patient
shown him some affection
What was that night if not affection?
you pushed him to that breaking point you broke him
women who are too strong only end up causing pain
No. No no no. That’s just my mother’s brainwashing. I can be this strong. It isn’t my fault Daniel couldn’t deal with it.
but you could have
would have
should have
It was either push him or die in waiting for him to figure it out. 
When the car door opens, I’m grateful for the wash of cold air to clear my head. 
“We’re all set,” Remy says. “Let’s go.”




-17-

Remy throws his bag on the bed. “I hope you’re feeling sleepy.”
“Really? Pillow talk already?” Inside my head, facepalm. “I know, I need to get serious. Sorry.”
“I’m half-kidding anyway. It’s three in the afternoon.” He digs in his bag and pulls out a map, spreads it out on the coverlet of one of the beds in the room. He reaches back into the bag and takes out a manila envelope. “I need to get you up to speed on the situation first, anyway.”
I sit on the bed, noticing the red X’s drawn on the map, which shows all of Montana, the Dakotas, and the top half of Wyoming. 
“I’m not sure if you’ve paid any attention to the local news at all lately,” Remy begins.
“That would be a no.”
He pulls some papers out of the envelope. Newspaper clippings. Lots of them.
“There have been a statistically high number of wild animal attacks. More specifically, wild dog attacks. People have been getting attacked, systematically, over the past couple of years.” Remy points to the red X’s on the map. There are about thirty X’s, sometimes clustered. “I’ve been charting them. They’re all fairly localized, and they are increasing in frequency. All of the victims are young, between 18 and 35 years old, athletic types. A lot of joggers and hikers.”
“So Geo’s pack is hungry?” I ask.
Remy furrows his brow, searching my face. “They’re not eating people.”
I’m not quite sure what he’s getting at. 
“They’re building an army,” he says.
I feel like I should be in the remedial class. “So… they’re kidnapping young women to try to breed more werewolves? I guess twenty years from now maybe they can overpower us.”
“Do you not know–” Remy squints his eyes and shakes his head. 
“Don’t I know what?” I demand.
“How werewolves are created?”
I laugh. “Sure. Daddy werewolf puts his dick in Mommy werewolf, and nine months later, baby Kayla is born.”
Remy stares at me, and I blush at my own crassness. 
“Is that the only way?” he asks carefully.
I roll my eyes. “Yes. I mean, humans and werewolves can breed, but there are more miscarriages and deformities.”
“Wow.” Remy runs a hand through his hair. “Really, wow.”
“What?” I say. “What am I missing?” I’m ready to cry in frustration. I hate feeling stupid. Possibly even more than I hate feeling weak. I suppose, in its own way, feeling stupid is a sort of weakness.
“Your family… you’re so insular. So…”
“Inbred? Is that the word you’re looking for?”
“Well… yeah.”
“They’re your family too, remember.”
He nods. “I guess what I mean is, your family has been separate for so long that a lot of knowledge has been lost. I guess it makes sense. Your families believed that purebred wolves were the strongest, so you passed down this information that humans and wolves had difficult pregnancies. Okay. But why wouldn’t anyone tell you that humans can be turned into wolves?”
“What?”
“It isn’t an exact science. Not like in the movies, where you get one werewolf bite and that’s it. There has to be some exchange of fluids, blood and saliva. The kind of exchange that might happen with a violent attack.”
Remy’s words buzz past my ears. Humans can be turned into werewolves, and I didn’t know? Was Mom keeping this from me? Or did she not know this either?
Forget about the betrayal, Remy is watching me. I can finally connect all the pieces. “They’re creating an army of new wolves. That’s why they’re picking younger, stronger people. So they can survive the change and become good fighters.”
He nods. “They’ve mostly attacked men, a few women. Although I’ve been keeping track of people who have simply gone missing, too, and there are even more women among the missing. I can’t be sure of their exact numbers. My hunch is that they attack, wait for the human to get to the hospital, heal up a bit, then either convince the new wolf to join the pack, or kidnap them. It’s hard to follow up on how many of those who were attacked might have changed. I mean, we’re werewolves, and we can walk around and look like humans most of the time. Even if Geo is changing these people for an army, he might allow them to continue their lives. My sense is that the pack ties are bonded with blood, so anyone turned through a bite must obey the alpha of the wolf who bit them.”
“You’re not sure? You think these people might be able to join another pack, separate of who turned them?”
“Geo must have some way to keep these new wolves loyal to him. He’s attacked them, and yet somehow they’re sticking with him as an alpha, which indicates that they have to, because of some kind of pack bond. Blood bond. But that’s an interesting idea, that they could just join another pack.”
“Obviously, I have no idea how pack ties work outside of family,” I say with an edge to my voice. “All I know is that you’re born into your pack. End of story. Thanks, Mom.”
Remy raises his hand to touch my shoulder. I jerk away. “She might not have known herself… although the history is right there. At some point, the five families were all intermarried. All one family, one pack, and yet somehow there were those who broke away.”
“Yeah,” I mumble, and stand to stare out the window, my arms crossed over my chest.
I can barely speak for how stupid I feel. Was everything I learned about my kind a lie? I think about Daniel, and his disastrous transition on his thirteenth birthday. For so long I just accepted that this was the way male werewolves behaved. Violent, cruel. It made sense that when a male werewolf changed for the first time, the other males would challenge him, to discover his rank in the pack. I didn’t really get why Daniel had no idea what he was. It was simply part of the rules, that we couldn’t talk about it, and I had to obey them, even after Daniel’s father, my Uncle Frank, was murdered–I suppose because after Daniel killed all the males in the pack, that made him the alpha, and he never gave any orders to the contrary. 
It was so different for me. My mother explained what was going to happen long before my transition. She and Aunt Jenny talked me through my first change, and then we hunted. 
Now, all these years later, I find out things could have been different? I discover that not all male werewolves were abusive assholes? That there was nothing tying Aunt Jenny to Uncle Frank? 
Daniel’s life would have been so different.
My life would have been so different. The possibilities become a yawning chasm before me: I wouldn’t have been bonded to Daniel, I would never have felt like I was chained to this fate. I wouldn’t have had to leave school just before my sophomore year to travel alone around the country looking for my cousin, because we all assumed he was the alpha. I could have just gone out and found some other guy, a human guy, or another werewolf from another pack, and I didn’t have to be bonded? 
And I certainly wouldn’t have to deal with my mom pressuring me to mate with Remy, a man–a man, in his twenties–when I’m not yet sixteen. 
“Jesus Christ,” I mutter.
Remy’s voice breaks through my thoughts. “I know it’s a lot to take in, but–”
I don’t hear the rest of what he’s saying, because I jerk the door to our hotel room open and leave, slapping the tears off my cheeks.




-18-

The bright sun outside provides a sharp contrast to the storm of emotions inside me. I stomp through puddles of melting snow, toward the road. There’s a sidewalk, so I’m not totally out of place walking around, although I wish I’d brought my coat. The flannel shirt I’m wearing doesn’t keep out the stiff March breeze.
I feel worse than stupid. Remy said it all when he said, “The history is right there.” Any idiot could have figured out that wolves were able to disobey their alphas, to break their pack bonds. I don’t even know what I thought before. Whatever it was had been totally naïve.
And my mother! I don’t know if it’s worse that she might have been equally as ignorant, or that she refused to tell me. Stupid, or cruel? I know Mom didn’t grow up in the Wolf Point Pack. My father and uncles sought out distant branches of the family tree, those that had long been apart from the pack, and had some human blood mixed in. When Uncle Frank was feeling mean, he’d call Aunt Jenny a mutt.
I walk until the cold doesn’t bother me as much. I walk past gas stations and trailer parks and long stretches of empty field or crowded forest. I walk for hours. At first my brain churns through all the clues I ignored, how stupid I am, then it moves on to how stupid my mother is, then decide she knew but kept me ignorant, then I forgive her, because she might not have known, or maybe she didn’t tell me out of some misguided motherly love, and then I forgive myself because I’ve been lied to. Then I go through the whole cycle again. I can’t shake the look of disbelief and–ugh–pity on Remy’s face. Poor girl, too stupid to realize what’s actually going on. Poor helpless girl.
My fingers dig into my arms. I want to punch something.
But eventually, slowly, my resolve strengthens. I’ll show Remy I’m not some poor, stupid little girl. I can dreamwalk.  I can be a spy.

When I return to the motor lodge, the sun has turned the sky orange and spectacular. It’s nearly 5 o’clock, and my stomach is rumbling. At the door to the room I pause, wondering how Remy will react to my return. Who cares? I tell myself to think. But I do care. I imagine he thinks I’m being a baby, having a pout, a tantrum. He probably thinks I’m wasting precious time, and ruining his plan.
I open the door.
He’s lying on the bed, watching TV.
“Really?” I ask. 
He looks at me. “Do you want to order pizza?”
I suppose this is better than him being angry or impatient or thinking I’m helpless or stupid. 
“As long as it’s meat-lovers pizza.” I plop myself down on the bed near his feet, facing the television. It takes all of two seconds to identify what he’s watching. “Judge Judy?”
“She’s one tough broad,” Remy says, grinning. He rolls over slightly toward me, and my face heats up, but then he pulls his cell phone out of his back pocket and returns to his former position. “Can you get me that menu on the desk?”
I smirk at Remy’s couch potato attitude and get the menu. It’s a local place, and the menu is stained and crumpled from its time serving hungry hotel guests.
While Remy places the order, I look at the maps spread out over the second bed. What it looks like is a circle around my house, my childhood home a target. But a loose circle. A circle that covers most of Montana and part of South Dakota. Looking at the mass of red dots, I have no clue where Geo’s pack might be headquartered.
“Here’s the deal,” Remy says, sitting up. “I’m not exactly sure how dreamwalking works, and obviously, we have only a vague notion of where Geo is. What I’m hoping is that you can somehow cast out and just try to find one wolf. Any wolf that is a member of his pack. And hopefully you can get some information from that dream, that might help you find another wolf that’s a bit closer to Geo. I don’t think you want to get anywhere close to Geo. If Geo somehow realizes that you’re dreamwalking in his head, he’ll be fighting over more than a territory dispute and some females.”
“You think he’ll feel me dreamwalking?” I ask. 
“I did.”
“Yeah, but I’ve been doing it for a few years and you’re the first. Everyone else just thinks they’re dreams.”
“I’m not sure what your mother has told you about Geo,” Remy starts, and I can read between the lines: my mother might not have known anything, or might have kept everything from me. “But Geo is very old. I’m sure he knows about dreamwalking or has heard of it. Hell, he might be able to do it himself. The thing is, you don’t want to be on Geo’s radar any more than your family already is.”
“So Geo… is old?” I say this, and feel that I am once again missing something. Something like Geo isn’t a senior citizen, but rather ancient, and werewolves are immortal.
(exactly)
I make quick eye contact with Remy at the sound of his thoughts in my head, then look down at my hands. “Werewolves can live forever, then?”
“Not forever, but much longer than humans,” Remy says. “If we’re careful. Silver bullets and wolfsbane will kill us, just like any human, and so can regular bullets. Werewolves are naturally violent, so most actually die earlier than they might if they were human.”
“So how old is Geo, exactly?”
“Have you ever heard of La Bête du Gévaudan? The Beast of Gévaudan?” 
I pause, mostly because Remy’s French accent is so fucking sexy. I am suddenly reminded of how the Loupe family is of French lineage. “Gévaudan,” I try out, attempting to get my accent the same. What I really want to say is “Remy,” with a little of that roughness to the “r” and a lilt on the “y.” 
“It’s a fairly well-known case from the late sixteen hundreds. A beast terrorizing the countryside of France. Some believed it was a werewolf, and huge hunting parties scoured the fields and forests looking for it. A wolf was killed with a silver bullet, and the attacks on humans stopped.” Remy looks at me and my disbelieving face. “They made a movie about it.”
“It must be true, then,” I say, my eyes wide, my voice sarcastic.
He smiles. “The rumor is, Geo was the Beast of Gévaudan. A bit of urban legend, if you will, since no other wolf claims to be that old.”
“Three hundred years old?” It doesn’t seem possible. 
“It’s a rumor.” Remy shrugs. “What I do know is that Geo is native French, his real name is Georges de Soissons, and he’s older than any wolf I’ve ever known.”
“What other wolves have you known?” I ask. “I have no idea, since you haven’t told me anything about your upbringing. Except that it’s ‘unusual.’” Insert finger quotes.
“The oldest wolf I’ve known was a hundred and thirty years old.”
“Wow.”
I nearly forgot that I had asked Remy about his upbringing, that’s how crazy the whole concept was–I could live to be over a century old? But then Remy keeps talking.
“His name was Nathaniel. He was a lone wolf traveling through the area where my family lived. My father sensed him coming and went to keep him away, but Nathaniel was injured and dying. Apparently some trappers were lacing their steel traps with poison, on the steel itself and in the meat, and Nathaniel’s body had healed from the trap, but not from the poison. He told me all kinds of stories. I was seven and hadn’t met many outsiders. It was just my dad and me.”
“How did you parents meet?”
Remy hesitates, then shrugs. 
I narrow my eyes. He must know how the wolf bond works, how wolves are exceptionally good at sensing lies. But when he averts his gaze and continues talking, I understand that there’s something he doesn’t want to tell me, and that’s why he isn’t talking. He doesn’t want to lie to me. 
“Anyway, Nathaniel was born in 1845. He fought in the Civil War, and the Spanish-American War, and the First World War. He really liked being a soldier, I guess. He told me all kinds of stories about transforming during battles and freaking out the enemy… but World War I was a totally different kind of war, and he often had nightmares about men in gas masks and barbed wire and smoky landscapes filled with corpses…”
“Nice bedtime stories,” I say.
“Yeah, his stories about that war kinda stuck with me I guess.”
The conversation has trailed off into a dead end. My stomach growls for food. 
I clear my throat and reach for the map. “Okay, so basically I’m just going to try to fall asleep and dream my way into someone’s head?”
Before Remy can answer, there’s a knock at the door. I let Remy answer it and pay for the pizza and sodas, examining the map.
Like that’s going to help.
I feel wide awake, and I’m sure the tension I feel with Remy isn’t going to make sleep come any faster. It is only seven o’clock or so, but still. What are we going to do until then?
“This is kind of a shit plan,” I say, once the delivery guy has gone away and I’ve put away two slices.
“I work with what I’ve got.”
“Really? Come on. We should be out there, fighting. Guerilla warfare.”
“Julie and Jen–I mean, uh, your mom–and your aunt–”
“It’s fine, just call them what you want,” I tell him.
“They aren’t too keen on fighting, in case you haven’t noticed.”
“Seriously, am I wrong, or did they miss the whole feminist movement?”
Remy chuckles. I like when he smiles; it brings a nice warmth to the chiseled features of his face. Makes him look less like an intimidating, romance novel-worthy god. “Don’t be too hard on them. Geo has a huge pack. And the Northern Rockies pack is growing as well, and could be a threat if Geo isn’t here to keep them away.”
“Two packs fighting over us females…” I muse.
“Most of the packs fight guerilla style,” Remy says. “So we’d have to be super guerillas, or something.”
This strikes me as funny and I laugh. The trouble is that I’d been taking a swig of Diet Coke, and now it’s fizzing up my nose. I struggle not to barf or burp or have soda spew from my nostrils, which only makes me laugh more, and then Remy starts laughing, and minutes pass before we can get ourselves under control.
After that, we polish off the pizza, find a stupid movie to watch on TV, and slowly we start our bedtime routines, which for me involves changing into a pair of fleece pants and a baggy sweatshirt and brushing my teeth, and for Remy involves crawling under the covers and taking off his pants. We shut off the lights as another movie starts, the blue glow of the television lulling my eyes to half-mast, each of us under the covers in the centers of our beds. My covers are bunched around my chin; Remy has his arms beneath his head.
As my blinks last longer and longer, I hear Remy mumble something about “remember the mission” and “good luck.” 
And then I’m fast asleep.




-19-

When I open my eyes, I’m still in bed. There’s a blue glow, but the television is silent. I sit up and startle when I look over to see Remy also sitting up in bed, looking back at me.
“You’re not supposed to be here,” he says.
The mission. Right.
I get out of bed and pick up the map on the desk. The swarm of red dots seems even more intimidating here in this dark dreamworld. I zero in on a nearby place: Brockway.
Brockway. I close my eyes. Brockway.
When I open my eyes I am not in Kansas anymore.
Or in the hotel room, or anywhere near civilization.
I’m in a crazy jagged wasteland, high atop a mountain side. Near the edge. I glance around before backing away. I know I could fly, this being a dream and all, but I feel much better not having to think about imminent death.
I’m not sure where the hell I am. This isn’t someplace real. I don’t think I’ve ever entered a dream that was so far from reality. Or maybe there is a place on earth like here, but I haven’t seen it. Purple sky. Fog rising up from below, so I can’t see any kind of landscape.
Not fog. Smoke.
I know somehow that this is Daniel’s dreamscape I’m walking. I look for him, he must be here. But all I see is a narrow path, so I follow it, all the while wondering how this could possibly by Daniel’s dream. He never dreams of anything so unreal as this, and whenever I walked into his dreams, he was always right there. We’re linked, and that always made it easy to find him. Then again, I never dreamwalked into the dreams of someone I don’t know unless I was nearby physically. And that only happened a couple of times, when I was on the road looking for Daniel.
The fog is so thick, Daniel might be right beside me for all I know. My dream senses must be slow, because now I inhale and know that this is smoke, not fog. Great clouds of smoke roiling up from a valley, and faded to a thick mist up here where I am.
I find Daniel when the trail doubles back on itself. He is not human. He watches whatever devastation lay below as a wolf. He stands noble and still, gazing beyond with an uplifted muzzle. 
My mission is to find one of Geo’s wolves, not Daniel. Part of me wants to go to Daniel and relieve his sadness. I know he is sad though nothing about his body language gives it away. 
Suddenly he howls, a forlorn cry for something lost. 
As though it is a language I understand, I realize what lies below in the valley. Our home. The place where we grew up is gone, burned.
Those responsible are nearby.
Daniel would never have howled in real life, seeing this destruction. He ran. He avoided the culprits, who are nearby.
The howl fades into the night, the last note lingering, and when I look up, Daniel is looking at me.
I close my eyes and focus on finding another dream nearby in the ether.
I sense the change in the air–the smoke gone, no longer filling my nose and pressing hot and moist against my skin–but I keep my eyes closed, because a plethora of other noises and scents assault my senses. 
Shit. That’s a big one assaulting my senses right now. I gag. Human shit. Animal shit I can handle, but humans stink.
Grunts fill the air, and little high-pitched shrieks, and a wet slapping sound.  I’m afraid that opening my eyes will show me two people with a fetish for shit going at it.
I’m not far off. No one is having sex (thank GOD), but I’m right next to a dark-haired man watching two women wearing collars and little else mud wrestling. 
“Ugh,” I say aloud, wanting to continue with a snarky comment about run-of-the-mill fantasies for stupid guys–only I notice that the man beside me, the dreamer, has noticed me.
I’m sure there must be some way for me to dream-disappear, and I try to make that happen while he eye-rapes me. 
Upon opening my eyes, I see that I am still in the dream. And he is still looking at me.
I sigh.
“Look, buddy,” I say. “This is all just a dream. Trust me, no woman in her right mind is going to willingly wrestle naked in shit for your viewing pleasure.”
“They will and they do,” he says.
The man has a smug look that I want to punch right off his face. 
“Oh, and they willingly pluck your nose hairs and shave your back too, I bet?”
“You will be a fun one to break, little girl.”
“Again: this is a dream.”
He leers at me from beneath his fantastically bushy eyebrows. “Dreams can become nightmares.” He smiles and shows that he is missing two teeth.
“So, does Geo know what’s going on here?”
The man steps back.
“What do you know about Geo, little girl?”
“I know you work for him.”
“Hah!” The man sneers at me. “No one works for Geo.”
“No?” I arch an eyebrow. When it doesn’t seem like the man will give me any more information, and his eyes slide back toward the wrestling women, I decide I will have to get his attention the only way he will give it.
This is when I notice what I’m wearing for the first time. My own clothes, thank GOD. I half-expected to be naked or something. Or wearing just a collar.
I clear my throat and jut out one hip, looking at the man over my shoulder. “Reeeally?” I purr. “No one works for Geo?” My lower lip pouts. “But I thought he was the top dog, so to speak. You know.” I creep closer to the guy than I would ever have in real life and stroke his bicep with my finger. I whisper in his ear. “The Alpha.”
I definitely have his attention now.
“Oh, yes. Geo is the Alpha.” 
Aaaand his eyes are not up here.
“I only mean that we do not get paid to do Geo’s bidding. He commands us. He owns us.”
“And where is Geo now? Does Geo own these women?”
“You talk too much,” the man says, and pushes his mouth toward mine.
I duck away in a decisively non-alluring manner. “Whoa, buddy, you move fast,” I say, trying to recover. “Um, I mean, I don’t even know your name.”
“Ben,” he says, and goes for it again.
“And I take it you don’t care to know my name, then.” I try to step back out of his sudden embrace, but he’s holding on tight.
“No.”
I feel myself begin to panic at the clamp of his hands on my arms. “Sexy,” I mutter. “How about letting me go? I think your two lady friends over there are feeling neglected.”
In fact they had frozen like a movie on pause. 
“Who are you?” he growls.
I close myself and imagine my body turning into smoke, and miraculously it works. I drift up and away from the fetid stench, dissolving out of his grasp, and channel my energy back to the safe hotel room and the nice safe bed waiting for me.




-20-

Heart pounding, I sit bolt upright in my bed. To my surprise, Remy is awake and watches me with concern in the pool of light from the bedside lamp. 
“What did you see?”
I take a deep breath to stop my heart from racing. “I found a man named Ben. He was… there were two women wrestling. He said Geo owned them. Him, and maybe the women too.” I shuddered thinking about his aggressive manner.  “I’m sorry. It was weird talking to him. He seemed suspicious of me as soon as I asked about Geo.”
Remy reaches up and pushes some hair out of my face. “It’s a start,” he says. 
“I guess I’ve never tried to direct my dreamwalking before. Not without actually knowing the person whose head I’m entering.”
“Are you ready to try again?”
I look at him, wondering if I should say the other part of my dream. Then my mouth starts talking before I can overthink it. 
“I found Daniel,” I say. “He was at my house. Overlooking my house. As a wolf. He… he was watching it all burn.”
Saying it now, hearing the words out loud even from my own mouth, that makes them true. “They burned down my house,” I repeat.
“You found Daniel.” Remy sits back and looks at me. “Just now. In your dream.”
I open my mouth, close it. He knows I was lying before. I’m sure the guilt is written all over my face. 
“I couldn’t tell my mom,” I blurt out. “I couldn’t tell Aunt Jenny. Do you understand? I found him and then lost him again. I didn’t want to be a failure. It was better to pretend I hadn’t found him at all.”
Remy gets up and walks over to the map. His silence only makes me talk more.
“I used to dreamwalk with him all the time. He was really messed up, you don’t even know. He didn’t know he was a wolf. He thought he was some kind of psycho killer or something, he was, like, suicidal. I had to go around as a wolf almost the whole time because he was that screwed up. So I’d go into his dreams and tell him that he needed to go home.”
Still Remy doesn’t speak.
“He tried to kill himself. It was totally fucked up. My mom and Aunt Jenny wanted me to find him because they thought he was gonna be this great fucking leader and he’s trying to fucking hang himself, okay? And finally I had convinced him that he needed to come home, and basically taught him that he’s a werewolf, and we’re trekking home through a snowstorm and one night I wake up and he’s gone. Totally gone. I couldn’t track him.”
That’s it. I swing my legs out of bed and approach Remy’s back. “He didn’t want to be a leader, okay? How am I supposed to explain all that to my mom? Or his mom?”
“Just like that,” Remy says quietly. 
I don’t know what to say now.
“This is important information, Kayla.” He turns, his hand resting on the map. “Daniel is out there, and you have a lifeline to him. You can connect to him through his dreams. You should have told us. Or me, at least.”
“I’m telling you now.”
He shakes his head. “And you lied about the mate bond too.”
“I didn’t… I just…”
He turns back to the map. 
“Here’s your house. Presuming your dream was true, that means Daniel is here.” His finger rests on Wolf Point. “Are you sure that what you saw was happening in the real world? It wasn’t just some symbolic thing? Maybe Daniel was thinking about burning his ties to his family.”
“Daniel’s dreams were never… dreamlike. He always dreamt about being exactly where he was. I feel like… I feel like it was real.”
“But you’re not completely sure.”
I have a hard time meeting Remy’s gaze. I want so badly to somehow redeem myself in his eyes. “Ninety-nine percent sure.”
“Okay.”
He returns to the map.
“I didn’t lie about the mate bond,” I say. “I don’t know if it worked or not. I felt a connection to Daniel but I think it was only because we grew up together. Because I couldn’t have made a bond with you if I was mated to him, could I?”
“You seem to think I know all the rules.”
All of a sudden I feel my age. I’m fifteen and that’s young. And Remy might be in his twenties and that’s young too. I’ve been looking at him like an adult or a leader, and he doesn’t have all the answers.
“Geo must have sent a crew out to start the fire. They are probably still in that area. Now Daniel is in that area. If Geo’s crew gets wind of Daniel, they’ll go after him.”
“We have to help him.”
“From what I know about Daniel, he can take care of himself,” Remy says.
That rubs me the wrong way. “Didn’t you hear what I told you? He’s suicidal. We need to help him.”
“Daniel took on three grown wolves on his own. Daniel survived on his own for three years before you came along. And somehow he made it back here on his own. That tells me he can take care of himself.”
“I watched him try to hang himself,” I manage to say through a lump that has suddenly risen in my throat.
“He’s a survivor, Kayla. He might have had a moment of weakness, but he made it here on his own, and I have an idea of how he can help us.”
I wait. And blink back unshed tears. 
“Geo’s men will go after him. They’ll be tracking him. If we can keep track of where he is and where they are, we might be able to get Daniel to lead them into an ambush.”




-21-

Remy and I are both tired the next morning. We sleep in until eleven, then drive around until we find a little restaurant that’s still serving breakfast. Dot’s Diner has a sticky, worn quality that makes it feel familiar and welcoming. While I scarf down a stack of pancakes, Remy buys a newspaper and leafs through the pages. He doesn’t seem to be reading any of it.
My sleep, after we finally settled back into bed, was dreamless. Remy had wanted me to try dreamwalking again, but I think my brain was too exhausted. 
I watch Remy flipping through the paper. He never even really asked me about Ben or the wrestling women. Maybe I didn’t make it clear enough how disgusting the scene was and how threatened I felt. I’ve never felt like that during a dreamwalk. I’m usually in control. I didn’t like that man Ben touching me and trying to kiss me like he owned me.
“You cold?”
Remy is looking at me. 
I shrug. “Just remembering my dreams.” Did that sound as nonchalant as I wanted? I drag a piece of pancake through maple syrup and pop it into my mouth.
“I’m sure Daniel will be okay,” he says.
“I wasn’t thinking about that part of my dream.”
He raises his eyebrows.
I swallow. “Daniel will be okay. You’re right; he’s a survivor.”
“The other part of your dream,” Remy prompts.
I look at my pancakes. “It made me really uncomfortable. I felt like he was threatening me.” I squirm in my seat. “He had these two women, and they were, like, naked.” My voice drops as I look around me to make sure no one would be listening in. “It was gross.”
“Was it a sex dream?”
“Oh.” I hadn’t thought of that. It made me feel a little better. “Maybe. Yeah, maybe it was just a sex dream.”
“I’m sure it’s hard to tell what’s really happening and what’s in someone’s imagination,” Remy says.
“I guess… I got this vibe off of him. Like he enjoyed hurting people. Or like he could do whatever he wanted to women in general because they’re weak, or something.”
Remy puts his hand over mine. Until that moment I hadn’t realized I was using my fork to shred my napkin into pieces. “I know there are men like that out there. But you are strong, and I’m not like that, and I will do my best to make sure Geo doesn’t hurt you, and none of his men hurt. This Ben will not hurt you. I will protect you.”
His eyes are penetrating and I want to believe his words, but at the same time I know he can’t go with me into my dreams and can’t protect me there.
I also know he wasn’t there to protect my mother from Geo and his men.
And another part of me doesn’t want him to protect me. I want to be strong enough to protect myself. I want to kill Ben and Geo and the one named Matthew.




-22-

The next night is fruitless. I pop in on Daniel’s travels, get a sense that he is heading south. 
toward me
It might be my fear of stumbling across Ben’s dreams again that keeps me from finding them. Back at Dot’s Diner, Remy buys another paper. I’m feeling restless and not hungry. I want to get out and do something instead of sitting around waiting for night to fall. 
“I think I’ll go for a run or something later,” I tell Remy. 
He glances up at me, then out at the urban area outside, with barely a tree in sight.
I drop my voice. “As a human.”
He goes back to the paper.
I wish I had brought my iPod or a magazine. I settle back and people watch the line of truckers eating their lunches at the counter, the reedy boy mopping the floors. He gives me a quirk of a smile like he’s too shy to do much else. I figure it’d be busier on a weekend morning, so he must be out of high school.
I’m on my third coffee refill when Remy says, “Here’s something.”
“What?” 
“A wild dog attack, in Glasgow. That’s one town over from Wolf Point.”
“That close?” Goosebumps prickle along my arms. 
“I have an idea,” he says. He turns the paper around so I can see. “This is a picture of the man who was attacked. Do you think that will help you find him? Maybe the victims won’t be as suspicious as Geo’s own men.”
I stare at the face of the man in the photo. It looks almost like a yearbook photo but he’s far too old to be in school. Oh wait–it says in the caption that the man, Martin Baker, is a fifth-grade teacher. Okay.
“I could try.”
Remy smiles. “Good.”

When we return to the hotel room, I change into some sweats and throw my hair up into a ponytail. “So, I’m going for a run,” I say.
Remy doesn’t look up from the mess of newspaper clippings and maps. “Let me just get changed.”
“No, I can go by myself.”
“I don’t think so.”
“I’ll be fine.”
“Your mother is trusting me to keep you safe. I will go with you.”
I sigh. “So now you’re my bodyguard.”
He straightens up and finally looks at me. “It’s safer this way, Kayla.”
“I know.” I flop onto the bed and start lacing up my sneakers.  “I’m just feeling cooped up and crowded. I was on the road by myself for months, remember? I was fine then.”
“I thought you were with Daniel.”
Good point. “It felt like being alone. I could come and go as I pleased.”
“I’ll stay ten feet behind you,” Remy says. 
I am having a hard time figuring out why I want to be alone so badly. Why wouldn’t I want Remy working up a sweat beside me, or far enough behind that he can appreciate my assets? Maybe because I’m not a runner and I’ll probably ending walking most of the way.
“Fine,” I say, making sure to sound as annoyed as I feel.
Remy nods and pulls a pair of shorts out of his bag and heads into the bathroom.
I rake my hair up into a ponytail and change into a t-shirt and yoga pants. I’m tying my sneakers when Remy emerges. 
God, why does he have to be so hot?
It doesn’t make sense to my brain why I can’t concentrate when he’s around, and I begin to think that maybe this is why I need this run alone. I need to clear my head. Just for a few minutes, a half hour, just to not have to deal with him.
Instead, we both exit the hotel room together, me zipping up my hoodie and him cracking his neck. Then we look at each other. Just like when we ran as wolves, we aren’t sure who the leader is. 
It’s an unfamiliar city, but I figure, what can happen with Remy nearby? So I start jogging out of the hotel parking lot in the direction of the diner where we had breakfast. 
Snow is melting fast, making the sidewalks an obstacle course of puddles and slush and mud. This reminds me of running through the forest and I can focus on avoiding the obstacles instead of how winded I am already, or the general ugliness surrounding me: the businesses aging into disrepair, the rusting cars parallel parked on the street, the dirty snow banks, the overflowing trash bins. 
Behind me, Remy’s footfalls echo mine. Exactly paced to my stride.
Careful to shield my thoughts from him, I recall his brilliant plan. Get Daniel to lead Geo’s wolves into an ambush? And we’re not planning on telling Daniel about this plan? 
Daniel’s life is hard enough without us leading him into a trap. Where he could possibly be killed.
or maybe he could win
I’d feel better about it if Daniel was in on the plan. 
After a couple of months with Daniel, I got the feeling we were being watched. There were a few nights that I could smell them, and it was the same smell as before I left, so I know they were Geo’s wolves. They killed some kid only a few miles away from us. And then that awful night, when they baited Daniel
blood on the ground
he was eating her
he devoured her
he ripped her apart
I slow down to a walk, try to catch my breath. Remy slows behind me but stays back there, like he said he would.
If Daniel hadn’t been so freaked out by the whole thing, I wouldn’t have had to stay strong. I wouldn’t have had to talk him down from the edge, literally. I might have allowed myself to freak out. I wanted to freak out. It was a baby. A little girl. They cut her and left her in the middle of a field, knowing he was hungry.
I pushed him too hard
I starved him
I let this happen
“You okay?” Remy asks.
“Yeah.” I am breathing hard. “Just need to catch my breath.” And I start running again, harder and faster than before. 
can’t outrun what you did




-23-

I don’t think Remy was able to hear my thoughts, but he knows something is wrong. He gives me a wide berth after we return to the hotel room. I spend a long time in the shower, washing off the sweat and guilt.
While Remy showers, I look at the newspaper article again. Martin Baker. I can’t imagine him as a wolf. He looks too normal. Too weak. 
Then again, how many wolves do I really know? My family, and Remy. Geo’s wolves. The men all burly and strong
except for Daniel
This guy, the article says, enjoyed running and competing in triathlons and those crazy Warrior Dash obstacle course races. But his picture only shows a smiling man with thinning hair. 
By the time Remy emerges from the bathroom, I’m watching a horrifically acted Lifetime movie about a woman who hires a hitman to kill her husband. He sits and watches with me for a while. I can sense a tension in the air as palpable as a live wire.
The movie breaks for a commercial, and he speaks.
“Anything you want to talk about?”
“Did my mom hire you as a therapist or something?” I shoot at him. 
“Whoa.” He holds up his hands. “It was just a question. No need to be hostile.”
“I was under the impression that guys didn’t like to talk about their feelings,” I say.
“That’s a bit sexist,” Remy fires back. “It seems to me that you’re the one who doesn’t like to talk about feelings.”
“Since when do my feelings matter?”
“I care about your feelings.”
I exhale and stare at the television, willing the movie to return and distract me. But the screen goes dark, and I whip my head around to see Remy with the remote.
“Look, you are making this a way bigger deal than it needs to be,” he says. “I know something’s wrong. You closed off our bond. I guess that’s easy for you to do, but I’ve only ever had a bond with my parents, so this is all really new to me. I feel… hypersensitive. I’m asking you if something’s wrong, if there’s something you want to talk about, because it’s a feeling I’m having right now that I’ve never felt before, okay?”
What is there to say now except, “Okay.”
“Okay?”
Oh yeah, he was asking me a question before all this, and he still wants to know the answer. “Sorry. I’ve been thinking about Daniel.”
Remy didn’t say anything.
“Do you really think it’s fair to use him as bait?”
“Everything’s fair in time of war,” Remy replies.
“They’ve been following us for a long time,” I say. “When I was with Daniel… I felt them. It was around Halloween. They killed some random kid that night, a homeless kid, and they followed us for a while after that. I tried to keep ahead of them, but they… they took this little girl, she was probably two years old, well they hurt her, got her blood everywhere, and left her, and Daniel was starving and exhausted because I was pushing him so hard and—”
Remy moves to my bed. He doesn’t try to hug me or put his arm around me. He just sits with the outer edge of his hand touching mine. 
“He killed her,” I say, blinking at the tears filming over my eyes. 
“Were they Geo’s men? Could you tell?”
“I don’t know. It was just this smell of ‘other.’ Maybe they weren’t Geo’s men. I thought I would recognize their scent after–after what they did to–”
I can’t even say it.
Remy puts his hand over mine. “The pack might not all have the same scent. I don’t know for sure. Your pack does, because you’re all related. But Geo’s pack? It’s huge. There might be some pack members who have never met Geo.” Remy shifts so more of his arm touches mine. “And after that?”
“They attacked us. Maybe a week later. There weren’t many of them, five or six. He sensed them before I did. Long before I did. He destroyed all of them, every last one. I helped a little, mostly finished off the ones he ripped through that weren’t totally dead. And after that I couldn’t sense any other packs following, which makes me think it wasn’t Geo’s pack at all.”
“Could be the Rocky Mountain wolves,” Remy muses. “They’re always after new territory.”
“But if they’re after new territory, why wouldn’t they just try to kill us? It seems like they missed out on a lot of opportunities to just kill us in our sleep.”
Remy stands, as if infused with sudden energy. “Or maybe they want more than just territory. They’re a large pack, but Geo’s pack is still the most powerful. They might be after Daniel, to get him as a warrior or a weapon to use against Geo. They would bait him to see if he’s as good as the rumors. They might have sent those few wolves in to try to convince him to join them.”
I shrug. “Guess we’ll never know. We didn’t talk to them. Daniel just ripped them apart.”
“Could be the leaders wanted a better display of what Daniel could do, and those wolves were just pawns.”
Kind of like what we were making Daniel into. A pawn. Dangle him out there and see if anyone bites. I only hope Daniel can take care of himself.

That night, after studying Martin Baker’s grainy photograph for a while, I dreamwalk into a crowded mall–like Black Friday Christmas shopping crowded. At first I don’t even see Martin amidst the shoppers.  I go to a railing to get out of the crowd’s path, gazing over at the floor below. I’ve never actually been inside a mall before. There aren’t any malls in our desolate part of Montana. Just Walmarts. It’s amazing, really, how many stores and how many people. The mall is decked out for the holidays with garlands and lights dangling over the atrium. 
I’m wondering how I’m ever going to find Martin in this dream when I hear the screams.
The crowd parts.
His face is twisted into a wolf-like mask I’ve only seen once before–on the wolf-boy from Daniel’s dream. Teeth pointed, mouth wide and almost grinning, nose elongated into a tiny snout. Martin’s eyes are yellow, and his hair is thick around his jaw. Ears pointed. 
Unlike the boy in Daniel’s dream, Martin is still able to speak. He’s calmly watching people shriek at the sight of his face and back away from him. “What’s wrong?” he asks conversationally. “The doctors said I’m fine. I’m not contagious or anything.”
He comes closer to me, and as he does, the crowd’s reaction becomes more and more fearful, and he begins to plead. “I’m not a monster. It’s totally normal, I’m sure of it! I’m a teacher, you don’t have to run away!”
Now he’s staring at his hands, how the fingernails are claws, and he sinks to his knees in the middle of the mall and howls.
I sigh. 
“Martin,” I say, and when the screams of the dream-crowd drown me out, I bellow, “Martin!”
The crowds disappear. So do most of the lights. The mall is dim and deserted.
“I’m not a monster,” he says.
“I know you’re not,” I say, getting closer. “You’re a werewolf.”
He stares at me.
“I am too,” I say. “No big deal. Look, you’re just stuck halfway right now. You can have a totally normal life.”
“I was bitten,” he says. “While I was jogging.” That’s when I notice he’s wearing a track suit. I press my lips together to keep myself from laughing. “I went to the hospital and they gave me rabies shots and everything, but I don’t think they worked. Obviously this is some kind of hallucination. That’s a late symptom. I’m probably going to die.”
“You’re fine.” I take a deep breath to try to keep my patience. “So, you went to the hospital? They said you were fine?”
“They gave me stitches, but by the time I got home it was healed. The stitches just fell out. Is that normal?”
“Yes, accelerated healing is normal. When did the transformation happen?”
“Not until last night. I was feeling achy… that’s another symptom of rabies, you know. Flu-like symptoms.”
“Yes, and?”
He swallows, licks his wide lips with a flat tongue. I shudder. “It was the full moon, I think. I could see it out my window. It felt like sharp pains everywhere, in my joints. I thought I might be getting arthritis, it does happen to young people sometimes, and I’m in my mid-thirties…”
“So you realized you were shifting?”
“Shifting. That’s a good word. Only it felt more like crunching. Or breaking. Like my bones were breaking. I thought it was a hallucination, you know, from the rabies. Oh, God, it hurt—”
I move my hands in a rolling motion. “And when you looked in the mirror, you saw a monster, and you couldn’t shift back, and now you’re worried that you’re going to die from rabies, yada yada yada. Sound about right?”
“Uh, yeah,” Martin says.
“Okay. So you haven’t been able to shift back to human?” He shakes his head. “And you haven’t fully shifted into a wolf?” Another shake. “Um, has anyone… contacted you? Since you were bitten?”
“Contacted me?”
“You know. Um, maybe some people who could also be werewolves knocking at your door? Asking you how you’re feeling?” I wrack my brain. How would Geo do this? “Maybe a note telling you to meet someone someplace? Or have you noticed people following you?”
He shakes his head and wrings his hands. “You think someone knows about me? Are they werewolf hunters?” After a moment, he adds, “Are they CDC?”
“I have no idea what that means,” I say somewhat harshly. “And I don’t know any werewolf hunters.” 
As Martin waits for me to tell him something useful, perhaps a diagnosis with a miracle drug to cure whatever disease he has, I wonder why Geo’s men would turn someone, then leave them to their own devices. Maybe they rejected Martin due to his hypochondriac tendencies.
“Okay.” I put my hands on my hips. “Here’s the deal: some people might be coming for you soon. A pack. They needed some more wolves in their pack, so they turned you.”
“Oh, God,” Martin begins to wail.
I cut him off. “I’m going to be checking back in on you. Keep your eyes and ears… and nose… open. The pack who turned you is trying to attack my pack, and you can be my spy.”
“What? No! No, I can’t do that. I can’t do anything–”
“Martin, listen to me: You are a werewolf now. You will be stronger than ever. You’ll never get sick. You’ll heal super fast. Once you learn to control your transformations, you can pretend to be human.” I don’t mention that all of this is conjecture on my part. I’m assuming he’ll have the same abilities I have. “Who knows, maybe this pack will even let you keep your job and all that. All I need is for you to be strong and be able to tell me some stuff, like where these wolves are living, how they’re training you, if they have any plans on attacking my pack. You’ll tell me all this in a dream, so you don’t need to worry about them finding out.”
“But I like being a teacher! I don’t want to be a werewolf! Is there a cure? Can I… eat wolfsbane or something?”
“No!” I clench my fists. “Wolfsbane is poisonous. Poison will kill you.”
Martin is a blubbering mess on the floor by now.
“All right, Martin, I think I’m done here.” I turn to exit his dream, but he calls out.
“Wait! Please, tell me how to shift. Please. I can’t stay like this until they find me. I’ve been hiding in my apartment for two days. I only have three sick days left.”
I take a deep breath. “Okay. First, you need to calm yourself.”
He quiets down. “Okay.”
“Close your eyes.” He does. I prepare to give the same speech I gave to Daniel. “Imagine yourself as human…”

Sunlight pours in through the thin curtains. I raise an arm to block it out and crane my neck, follow the sound of water to see Remy in the bathroom, shaving. 
No shirt. Those muscles.
I prop myself up on my elbows and take a nice long look. No plans for when he inevitably catches a glimpse of me in the mirror and sees that I’m awake. He smiles just a little under the shaving cream. 
“Anything?” he asks.
“Martin Baker is a hypochondriac,” I say.
“And?”
“He doesn’t know anything. The wolves attacked him while he was jogging and they haven’t come for him. He’s been hiding in his apartment since he was released from the hospital.” I shrug. “I told him I’d check up on him. Maybe they’ll come for him later.”
“Interesting.” Remy barely moves his lips as he scrapes the razor over his skin.
I can tell the gears in his head are working, but I can’t hear what he’s thinking, so I get dressed. When Remy leaves the bathroom he starts packing his stuff. I follow suit. Without words, we leave the hotel room and he checks out and we get into the car and drive home.

You’d think that after this whole mission being about me sleeping I wouldn’t be tired. I nod off in the car anyway, the hot sun pressing exhaustion on me through the windows. 
No dreams.
I wake up as Remy pulls off the main road onto the dirt one that leads to our hideaway. The cabin still stands, which I didn’t realize was a worry until I let out a sigh of relief. Geo and his pack haven’t found us yet. 
Mom wraps me into a hug the second I step out of the car. “You’re back,” she says.
She didn’t even hug me when I came back from looking for Daniel. 
“Did you feel it?” I ask.
She nods. “Jen was really upset.”
I know this is my chance to tell them about Daniel without revealing that I lied. “I saw Daniel,” I blurt out.
“Saw him?” she asks, pulling away. “You saw him?”
“Yeah,” I say, then remember that she doesn’t know about the dreamwalking. “In a dream. I saw him in a dream.”
“Jesus, Kayla.” And old Mom is back.
“No, I have this... thing.” I glance at Remy, and he nods. “This ability. Dreamwalking.”
Mom raises her eyebrows. 
“I can walk into other people’s dream. Remy thought I could spy on Geo’s pack this way. So I wasn’t really in danger.”
“Really. And you didn’t think you could tell me about this? How long have you had this ability?”
Oh, she’s pissed. I can feel it rolling off of her.
“Since the night Dad died.”
That diffuses her anger a bit. 
“Anyway, I dreamwalked into Daniel’s head. He was there, he went home, he saw our house burn down,” I tell her. “He howled–you felt his howl.”
Mom hugs me again. “Felt it. I had no idea what it was. I thought something might have happened to you. Of course Jen thought the worst. She thought Daniel was dead.”
“He thinks we’re dead,” I say. “He saw our houses burning and he thought we were inside. He was mourning us.”
“Oh, thank god,” Mom says, and turns to run inside.
When Mom said Aunt Jenny was upset, it was the understatement of the year. Aunt Jenny had emerged from the bedroom by the time Remy and I brought our things inside. Her eyes were puffy and red and there were scratches all over her face.
“So, I have something to tell you,” I say to Aunt Jenny. “There’s this thing I can do... it’s called dreamwalking.”




-24-

My days develop into a routine: waking, training with Remy, napping–dreamwalking, waking, planning with Remy, scanning through newspapers to find new people to dream about, sleeping–more dreamwalking. I visit Martin, who becomes slightly less of a mess as time goes by. I try to avoid Ben, even when I land in his dreams. I find other victims, other newly turned wolves. A man named Terry, who never notices I’m there. He’s too busy watching himself transform in front of a mirror and freaking out. A woman named Laura, who dreams about walking into social situations. “Your ears look really pointy today,” someone will say, or, “Did you forget to shave your legs?” Cue the freak out.
Daniel doesn’t seem to be dreaming, which frustrates me to no end. 
“We can use the time to strengthen our pack bonds,” Remy suggests. Mom and Aunt Jenny join Remy’s and my game out in the woods. We learn to move silently. We learn to pull on the pack bonds to find each other. We learn how pushing ourselves through the pack bonds lets us hide our scent... it’s tough, and when we’re really sweaty and disgusting from training, there isn’t enough magic in the world to conceal our scent. 
In my dreams I find a young woman named Misty–a long shot, really. Her name comes through in the police log section of a small town in South Dakota. No idea what she looked like. Just the name: Misty James, age 28. Report of dog bite. Sounded like it wasn’t even bad enough for her to end up in the hospital. 
Her dream was dark and full of eyes. Her dark skin blended in with the shadows, but I could see the whites of her eyes. When she saw me, she threw her arms around me. “They’re watching me,” she whispered. “Are they watching you, too?”
The next night they had taken her. She was even more terrified, but she was able to tell me where she was: Lawrence, South Dakota.
“Right in the middle of Black Hills National Forest,” Remy says. “Makes sense.”
We put our plan in motion. We go into town and buy supplies and pack the car. 
That night, I dream. 
The trees tower overhead, obscuring the sky and making the darkness nearly complete despite the full moon. I can see Misty’s skin shining just a little. She’s curled up on the ground. At first I think she’s holding her arms really awkwardly, until I realize that she’s tied up.
I move to take a step, then see the shadow slide through the trees. By his scent I know it’s Ben.
Luckily this is not Ben’s dream. Ben can’t become aware of me. But he is still dangerous, and I know something terrible has happened to Misty by the fact that she is having a nightmare about him.
I summon all of Remy’s training and move silently toward Ben’s back. A knife, a sharp knife, I need something dangerous. My fingers realize they are curling around the hilt of a katana blade. 
Sweet.
“No,” Misty croaks, but not at me. She sees Ben. In the dark darkness it’s hard to see how her skin is broken and bruised and bleeding. The stench of urine fills the air.
Before Ben can get any closer, I crouch and leap–with kung-fu moves I’ve only seen in movies, I’ve knocked him unconscious, then I cut off his head for good measure. 
Misty looks up at me with tears streaming down her face. I cut her hands loose and she stumbles back, rubbing the rope burns on her wrists.
“Where are they holding you?” I ask her.
“I don’t know,” she whispers. “We keep moving. They keep me chained up—” she sobs, “like a dog.”
“Have you heard them talking about anything?” I’m not even sure what to ask her. “Anything at all?” She shakes her head.  Desperately I blurt, “Have they mentioned anyone named Daniel?”
Her eyes tell me yes.
“What have they said?”
She glances around, then looks back at me warily. “They showed me your picture,” she whispers.
I am suddenly cold. I take a step back. “How did they get my picture?”
Misty watches my reaction, and decides I’m not a threat. “It looked like a school picture.”
Shit. They got it from my house, I know they did. They took it before they burned it down, the bastards.
“They want you and your mom,” Misty says. “I didn’t tell them. I didn’t say I’d seen you before.”
“Thank you,” I whisper.
“I mean, who would believe me? I saw you in a dream?” Misty laughs bitterly. “Ben says he saw you in a dream.”
“Shit.” Shit shit shit.
“He told me not to tell you anything if I saw you.” 
Misty isn’t the victim I’ve been seeing her as. Ben and the others in Geo’s pack have hurt her, I can tell. They have made her afraid of them. And still she didn’t tell them about a stupid dream she had. She kept that from them. Possibly they beat her even more because she refused to tell them. She endured torture for me.
I step to her and hug her.
“Girls gotta stick together, right?” Misty says, returning the embrace. “Let me tell you what I heard of their plan...”




-25-

“She said,” I repeated, “they were planning to attack someone who lives on Wells Road. They were going to attack her, and let Daniel know about it. To lure him out there.”
My mother listens with her mouth open. “Kayla, that doesn’t make any sense.”
“We can Google Wells Road…” Remy says, mostly to himself.
“I feel like…” I struggle to find the right words. “I get the sense that Geo’s pack is much bigger than we think. They have scouts out looking for the right people to attack. They have people following Daniel. They want to capture him, not kill him, but they know how strong he is. They’ve been planning this for months.”
“If they capture him…” Aunt Jenny starts, and cannot finish.
If they capture him, she will join Geo’s pack. She won’t be able to fight them if Daniel’s life hangs in the balance.
“We can find Wells Road,” Remy states. “We have their location narrowed down enough. We need to get there and ambush them as they try to capture Daniel. They won’t be using lethal force, won’t be expecting an attack.” He turns to me. “We will be silent so they don’t hear us. But we need to get there first.”
Mom is the first to get up. “We leave now.” We are piling into the car less than a half an hour later, Mom and Remy in front, Aunt Jenny and me in the back.
The drive is a blur. Remy can’t figure out how to use Mom’s phone, so Mom gives it to me and I start Googling for the street. There are several in the vicinity of our search.
The drive into South Dakota will take a few hours. I close my eyes and try to sleep, but my heart is racing and sleep won’t come. Can I use my bond with Daniel to find him? I’ve never tried it. 
“The last victim was in Belle Fourche,” Remy says to himself. “If I stay on 212 East…”
I feel the connection in my head tighten.
“Head south,” I say suddenly. 
“South?”
“Yeah.” I lean between the two front seats–and grab the road atlas from Mom’s hands. “Here, get on Route 85.”
“Kayla?” Mom stares at me.
“Trust me,” I say. 
I’m not sure why I’m so certain, but I know Daniel would head south. He always talked about heading south. Remy’s eyes flicker to mine in the rearview mirror.
The closer we get, the stronger the pull. I bark out directions to Remy, which isn’t always helpful as Daniel isn’t traveling by road. 
Mom soon finds a Wells Road that seems likely, and takes over directions. I begin to feel a weird pull as the distance between Daniel and I grows. We pass a sign that declares we have entered Black Hills National Forest. Yes, this is right. 
We pay for a campsite in cash and set up our tents. The March temperatures do not make for good camping. We have to lay down tarps so the mud doesn’t leak through the bottom of the tents, and it isn’t long before I wish for a warmer jacket. I guess we should be lucky it isn’t raining or snowing.
Also, the whole time we set up, I feel uneasy. 
“Do you feel that?” I ask Remy quietly.
“What?”
“There are other wolves here,” I say.
He looks around at the trees, devoid of people.
“Not here here.” I move my hand around. “Just around here.”
“Like how far?”
I shrug, glancing around uneasily. “They’re here.”
“Maybe you should take a nap,” Remy suggests.
My shoulders slump. “I’m so tired of sleeping and not actually doing anything,” I whine.
“You are doing something when you sleep. Why do you think you’re so tired when you wake up from one of your dreamwalks?”
“I guess.” I unzip one of the tents, kick off my mud-caked shoes, and crawl into my sleeping bag. 

he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming
The world is out of focus. I stumble through a foggy haze and find myself on a dirt road mostly overgrown with trees. 
he’s coming
Shaking my head, I manage to locate the dreamer: a man in a flannel shirt, crouched in the bushes. Bottles and cans clank at his feet. He nearly loses his balance. “Shit,” he slurs.
he’s coming he’s coming he’s coming
There are voices like hissing whispers coming at me from all sides. This man hears them too, and swats at his ears. “I got it! Geez. I’m ready. No, shit, I ain’t ready. What?”
He has just realized something, looking down at himself.
“Are you supposed to be turned already?” I ask him.
My voice surprises him and he actually loses his balance this time, falling on his ass.
“Oh, shit. How’d you get there?” He rubs his eyes. “Hey, wait, are you that girl?”
“No,” I say with as much disdain as I can, turning my face so he can’t get a better look.
“Shit. If you’re that girl, Geo’s gonna kill me. Shit. What?”
I start walking away. Quickly. Then I slow down. This guy is having an anxiety dream about carrying out this plan to attack Daniel. I turn and take note of where this guy is hidden. This is where they will surround and trap him, here, near where the road peters out into forest again.
Far up the road, I hear footsteps. Someone not exactly trying to be quiet. A familiar shape walks toward me up there on the road.
Daniel. 
I wake with a start in my sleeping bag. Of course I couldn’t talk to Daniel in that dream: it wasn’t my dream. Still, he was so close...
I can still feel Daniel through our bond, and I know he isn’t at Wells Road just yet. I’m still unclear as to how Geo’s pack is going to lead Daniel there. It doesn’t really matter, so long as my pack is there first. 
We turn and head out as soon as I tell everyone. We’re counting on Geo’s pack not knowing our scent, and we tread lightly so as to leave even less evidence. It’s early evening, and we don’t know when this attack will even happen.
(In my dream they were hiding near the edges of the road, so once we get close we need to be careful, in case they’re already hiding)
When we arrive, close to sundown, the air feels stiff and cold and... empty.
Mom’s voice pops into my head
(no one’s here, you’re sure this is the right spot?)
(yes... maybe they’re planning for a night attack? I don’t know)
Remy’s voice comes in.
(We should find hiding spots further back from the road. We’ll wait as long as we have to)
(Good idea)
(And hide your scent)
It isn’t until I’ve found a dried out ditch behind a log that I realize Mom and Aunt Jenny must have heard Remy too. Even through all our training sessions, they still hadn’t been able to establish a telekinetic bond with him. Of course, they probably still believed they couldn’t do that without bonding to him first.
The first flakes of snow begin to fall silently in the darkness. 
Even Remy doesn’t know how this telepathy thing works, how am I supposed to figure it out? Especially when I’m so tired....

Daniel is so loud I would cringe if I wasn’t wearing my wolf face. Then again, only short months ago I was just as clueless about how loud I was. I shift a little, shaking off a little of the fresh fallen snow. 
Daniel
My brain finally kicks in and I remember the mission. How long have I been sleeping? Could Geo’s wolves...?
Yes.
Geo’s wolves are very nearly silent. Not even their scent gives them away, only my newfound ability to sense the empty spaces. They are here. They are waiting for Daniel. And Daniel is here.
He’s looking for something–me?–whirling around. He kicks a tree then yelps. I have never wanted to facepalm so badly. And yet, Daniel is basically the best bait we could have hoped for.
Can he really not know we’re here?
I watch Daniel sit against a tree trunk and start banging his head against it. The knocking sound echoes through the forest. What is Geo’s pack waiting for?
Remy’s mind nudges mine.
(How many?)
I raise my nose in the air and scent them out. Five, no–more. Eight?
(Eight)
(I smell nine. They’re surrounding him)
Daniel needs to turn, now. If he’s still human when Geo’s pack decides to make their move, he’ll never fight them all off. He needs a fighting chance. And I’m not at all confident that he can turn wolf with no warning.
I decide to call out to him.
(Daniel)
I wait, silent.
(I’m here)
I feel his attention, a new alertness. 
(where are you I can’t find you)
(I’m here)
I’m trying to keep my inner voice quiet, and infuse some direction into it. Trying to say, Come here. Without actually thinking it. 
The scent when he changes is so strong I know that Geo’s wolves can smell it too.
I focus hard, and push myself more fully into Daniel’s consciousness–a waking dream. I see a black wolf appear, and feel Daniel’s shock. More wolves, surrounding him. 
Daniel’s wolf wants to fight–the urge is strong, but I manage to quell it. Run, I will him to run. And he does.
Only moments later he flashes by. 
I lead the attacks. I pick off the wolf in the rear, blindsiding him and then ripping out his throat just as I had with the elk. Feeling Daniel’s direction, I cut through the forest as I sense Aunt Jenny and Mom go after another wolf. 
Remy leaps onto the back of the black wolf, who twists and gets his teeth in Remy’s pelt. I wince at the bite of pain in my own side. Mom abandons Aunt Jenny to help him. 
I reach the first wolf in the chase, who is literally nipping at Daniel’s heels–I feel a sharpness in my leg as Daniel is bitten, but then my teeth rip off the enemy wolf’s tail and with a squeal he releases Daniel’s leg and turns to me. I am ready for him. My teeth sink into his neck, and I crunch down, feeling the snap of tendons and blood vessels and finally, a juicy pop as my incisors shred his esophagus.
By the time I lick the blood from my lips and look around, I see several wolves racing away through the trees. Daniel included, running in a different direction.
(Daniel)
He stops and whips around, ready to pounce, then stares at us in amazement.
(Kayla?)
We approach him. I feel Aunt Jenny’s need to touch him, to make sure it is really Daniel–she’s never seen his wolf before, and she doesn’t have the mind connection with him like I do. He yelps and rushes at me, shifting as he moves until he’s hugging me around my wolf’s neck. 
I shift in his arms. I can’t help myself; I’m grinning too. His excitement and relief is contagious.
“What just happened?” he asks. “Did you kill all of them?” 
“We managed to ambush them while they were chasing you,” I explain, smiling and breathing hard. “We knew they were setting a trap for you, so we got here first. It worked out perfectly. They never knew we were here. We were able to start at the back of the pack and pick them off, one by one. Some got away, but we killed two and injured at least five others.”
“The black one?” 
I shake my head. “He was the leader of this attack, the most powerful one of this group. He sensed our presence, and took off before we even got close.”
“I couldn’t smell them,” he says. “They didn’t have a scent at all until I turned wolf.”
I nod. “Pack magic.”
Finally he looks around. “This is our pack?”
“All that’s left.” 
I look at them and raise my eyebrows. I’d rather we all be naked than just them staring at Daniel and me being naked. They finally turn, although none of them look especially pleased about it. 
“Mom!” Daniel cries, though he doesn’t hug her. I guess that might be a little awkward–the mother/son naked hug. “Aunt Julie!” 
Then he notices Remy.
For a tense minute, they just stare at each other. I have no idea what Daniel is thinking, but I don’t feel anger, so that’s a positive. 
“Who are you?” Daniel asks finally.
 “My name is Remy Loupe,” he says.
The silence stretches out. I can practically see the gears turning in Daniel’s head. Oh, right–Loupe, crazy Fallon Loupe, okay.
Then Daniel nods, and Remy drops his eye contact.
I feel like something important has just taken place. Has Remy just given Daniel leadership of the pack? The cold is sinking in, so I shift back to my wolf form, and the others do as well. We should all be able to communicate now, if Daniel is a member of the pack. Daniel collapses into the snow, bare-ass, like it’s all too much to take in, never mind the act of shifting.
(Daniel)
He looks at me, and asks,
(You don’t need me to be your leader, do you?)
Finally I can say it. I can put it right, the pressure I put on him.
(I made a mistake, putting this all on your shoulders. You are strong–but together we can be stronger) 
His shoulders droop with relief. He melts into wolf. 
(Together… I like that idea)
And although I have a feeling that Daniel means something more by “together,” I’m happy. My family is reunited. 




-26-

Two days later, we’re back home at our hideaway cabin, and I am completely frustrated. There’s been a lot of celebrating, a lot of hugging between Daniel and his mother, a lot of Daniel telling us about the past three years (minus anything about me finding him, since I clued him in to that big lie), a few trips into the nearest town where Aunt Jenny bought (with cash) new clothes and things for him. Where did she get this money? 
The only plus side is that it has kept anyone from asking too many questions about me and Daniel. There’s still a lot of work to be done around the house and I’ve made myself scarce. Dreamwalking, however, has kept me appraised of how tenuous our situation is. Misty’s dreams are almost always nightmares. She’s been tied up and blindfolded and taken somewhere in a truck, somewhere far. The lack of sleep makes me feel annoyed with everyone and every little thing.
So when I walk into the kitchen to find Mom and Remy discussing inventory at the kitchen counter, and Aunt Jenny baking Daniel a freaking cake, I lose it a little.
“What’s our plan now?” I demand.
“Plan?” Aunt Jenny asks, like she hasn’t a clue as to what I’m talking about.
Daniel looks at me with big sorrowful eyes. Stop looking so pathetic, I think at him. His eyes only look more wounded, and I face Mom and Remy.
“Yeah. Our plan. We’re still under attack, aren’t we?”
“I was going to ask you the same thing,” Remy says, straightening up. 
“Me?”
“Yeah, you. Are you going to tell me you’re not the leader of this pack?”
I stare at him.
“You led us on that hunt. You became the alpha then. Am I wrong?”
Eventually I have to look around and take in everyone’s faces. Even Daniel looks at me and shrugs a little. I guess I did tell Daniel we’d do this together. I’m not sure I meant I’d be happy to take over as alpha. Except that I already was, after the hunt.
I put my hands on my hips.
“Fine. I’m the alpha.”
They continue staring at me.
“So let’s come up with a plan. I mean, obviously we can’t stay here forever,” I say.
“Why not?” Daniel asks.
“It isn’t safe here!” I shout. “They’re still going to come after us. We need to strike back at them!”
“How can we put up an offensive with only five people?” Remy asks quietly.
“We need to get more people on our side. We could do that. Geo’s just going out and making new wolves. Why can’t we?” I don’t add, now that I know we can just make wolves, but I imply it with a glare at my mother.
For a moment it looks like Mom and Remy are considering this option. Aunt Jenny continues frosting the cake, pretending like this conversation isn’t happening.
“It’s not right,” Daniel says finally. “Zeke, my friend Zeke, he got turned. And it was awful. I don’t want to do that to innocent people.” Daniel had told us how he ended up living with Mr. Whittemore and his son Zeke on an isolated farm, how he was attacked there. I remember Zeke’s nightmare, his half-wolf face. But I shake it off.
“Being a werewolf is great, and if people could be turned the right way…” I stop, thinking about Misty, and Martin Baker, and all the others I’ve visited. “They just need to be turned… safely…” The gears in my head are still spinning. “Or, maybe, we could convince the wolves Geo has turned and get them on our side.”
“I know Zeke would be on our side,” Daniel says, his face lighting up.
Remy leans back, regards me. “You think it’s a good idea to sneak into Geo’s camp and kidnap members of his pack?”
I don’t even know what to say to that.
“We have to find Zeke,” Daniel says.
“You know where he is?” Remy asks coolly. 
Shit. Is this the dominance showdown?
Daniel’s shoulders slump, defeated. “No.”
Guess not.
“We do know where Misty is,” I say. “I know I could find her. And we’re sure to find others when we find her.”
“I figured we would hide out until Geo forgot about us, after we found Daniel,” Aunt Jenny says. I can feel her plaintiveness through our telepathic walls, and understand how she doesn’t want to lose Daniel again. 
“We can’t fight him,” Mom says. “Kayla, you need to think about everyone.”
“So we’re just going to run away until he forgets about us?” I demand. “Come on. Geo’s, like, a thousand years old. I doubt he’ll forget. He’ll just wait. Or worse, his spies will follow us and just when we think we’re safe they’ll attack.”
Mom folds her arms.
“Oh, you didn’t mean for us to ‘run away.’ You meant for us to hide out here. Seriously? We need to be in the Witness Protection Program or something. This cabin isn’t hidden, and it isn’t safe.”
I can sense the wrath of Mom coming. I’ve never spoken to her like this in front of other people.
Instead, she unfolds her arms. “I’m done.” Her voice is deadly calm. She leaves the room. We watch her go, then Aunt Jenny pushes her way out of the kitchen as well. 
I am off to a great start as pack leader.




-27-

Remy finds me later that evening, sitting outside on the dangerously unstable picnic table. 
“It isn’t easy, being a leader,” Remy says.
“What do you know about it?” 
“Nothing.” He examines the table and carefully rests one leg against it. “We never had a leader when I was growing up. You know, it was just my dad and me. We weren’t a pack, we were just a family. I always felt like I was going to end up alone.”
“Now you have us,” I say bitterly. “Ain’t life grand.”
“I like being a part of something. And now that I’ve found your family, I feel like I’m part of something bigger, much bigger even than this pack. Pack bonds… they’re hard to break.” He raises his eyebrows at me. “I feel like there are other members of this pack out there. Other than the five of us here.”
It takes a moment for his words to sink in. “You can feel others? Who?”
He shakes his head. “I’m not sure. It’s like this… pull. I can feel them out there, but they’re too far away to be anyone specific.”
“Why can’t I feel them?” I ask. “I’m the pack leader now. I should be able to feel my entire pack. Shouldn’t I?”
“Maybe you’re just not listening hard enough.”
Remy takes my hand. My gaze flickers up at him. 
“You seem to be cutting yourself off from everyone,” he says quietly. “Before we came back, when you opened up to me about Daniel, I felt so close to you. But ever since he came back, you’re closed off.”
“I don’t need everyone hearing my every thought,” I complain.
“I get that. But it’s okay to have feelings and to share them.”
“Oh, God.” I start to get up.
“Wait, Kayla.” When he says my name I have to stop. “I felt such a strong connection to you. And now… it’s lost. Don’t you miss it, too?”
With him holding my hand, looking into my eyes, I realize I was missing this. During that long month of tracking Daniel and planning and living under the watchful eyes of my mother and aunt, I had pulled away from Remy. I had been too busy wondering what would happen when Daniel returned: would he think I was in love with him? Would we still be bonded? Would Remy and I still be bonded if I was bonded with Daniel?
“I do miss you,” I say. “I’ve just had a lot on my mind.”
“You’re worried that you’re bonded to Daniel.”
“Yes!” I am so relieved that he knows. “I mean, I don’t know exactly how these bonds work.”
“I don’t either.”
Remy always has the answers. He doesn’t know? 
He smiles at how I’m staring dumbly at him and shrugs. “I don’t have much experience with bonds,” he says. “But I know this: you will choose your mate. You are allowed to choose.”
I think about this. I don’t know if he’s right. What if I choose a mate, and I still have these bonds with Remy and Daniel? A normal relationship is impossible. 
“We haven’t trained in a while,” he says after a while of staring at the crystal clear sky. “Maybe we could try some meditation?”
“Ugh, meditation.”
“To figure out the bonds,” he clarifies. “If you listen hard enough, you’ll feel them.”
I agree, and he leads me to a soft patch of grass. “Lie down,” he tells me.
I raise one eyebrow, suspicious.
His smile is crooked. “It’s yoga,” he says. “Shavasana–Corpse Pose. It’s a pose of total relaxation.” He stretches out on the ground face up, with arms out and palms open to the sky. I lie down beside him, but far enough so we aren’t touching.
“I want you to focus on relaxing every muscle in your body, starting with your feet and going towards your head. Once you are fully relaxed, try to imagine the bonds as floating strings coming from your head and connecting you to everyone in your pack. Try to see them, what they’re doing right now.”
“This sounds a little like dreamwalking,” I say.
He takes a deep breath and exhales slowly. I follow suit, closing my eyes and trying to do what he said. Relaxing is hard. If I don’t focus on each of my muscles, my mind wanders back to the bond quandary. 
It takes a long time. So long I’ve lost track of time. I could have been lying here for one minute or five. Eventually, though, I relax into the earth, letting myself become attuned to the sounds of nature and Remy breathing beside me. My eyes are closed but I can almost see the starry sky above me.
I can almost see the bonds shimmering above me. 
The softly glowing strands come from my forehead and branch out in different directions. I’m amazed at how many there are. Way more than five.
The strand between my head and Remy’s is tight. I can see him where he lies in the grass, his face lit by the stars. He’s beautiful, but I want to explore the other bonds.
At random I choose one. Almost immediately I know it is my mother’s. I float up and follow it into the house, into our little bedroom. Mom is a ball of fear. Fear? Yes, that is the flavor of her essence. She is afraid. Why don’t I ever feel that from her? It’s worry and fear and anger. Her memories flicker violently, and I am seeing that asshole Matthew coming at her. There are no words for inhuman creatures like him. I feel myself getting angry and have to step away. 
I choose another strand. Aunt Jenny’s. Hers is sad, and a different kind of fear. The fear that she will lose Daniel again. 
Another strand and I find Daniel. He’s sitting by the fire, reading. He looks strangely peaceful. This is probably the safest he’s felt in a long, long time. 
I look at all these other strands. So many. I reach up and out and follow one.
My consciousness is dragged through space. I don’t know which direction, but I feel considerable distance. I don’t feel any strong emotions, not like those of Mom and Aunt Jenny. I feel this strange separateness, a vast distance between myself and others, and a suspicion of being watched. I can’t quite see this person I’m attached to, but whoever it is has no love for other people. I imagine he is like Remy, having grown up alone. A lone wolf. Maybe another of the lost Loupes?
Many of the other strands lead to places like this: lost, lonely places filled with paranoia. But some are less paranoid than others. Some feel simply like a strange building on a strange street.
I reach for another. I want to find all these lost members of my pack. This strand, however, vibrates like a live wire, and I am immediately catapulted to a muddy clearing in a forest. 
I know this place. I have been here before. Fear fills my mouth with a bitter tang. Not all of it is my fear. 
Misty.
My desire to help her bounces me out of the meditation. I sit bolt upright, breathing hard. I was so sure I could have grabbed her, pulled her right out of them.
Beside me, Remy raises himself up on his elbows. “Kayla? Are you okay?”
“We have to help her,” I say.
I get up and head inside to tell the others.




-28-

“There are other members of our pack,” I tell everyone. 
We sit in the living room before the fire, in a semi-circle. Daniel has put his book down.
I see the questions in Mom and Aunt Jenny’s eyes. 
“I can feel my bonds with them. I’m not sure who most of them are. But Misty is one of them. I connected with her through a dream, and now I can see that they are torturing her. Maybe because she’s already formed a bond with me, and can’t become one of them. Whatever the case, we need to help her. She is one of us.”
Daniel nods.
“I think with more practice, I can use the bonds to locate them,” I say. “But I can dreamwalk with Misty, and that means I can find her first and fastest. And wherever she is, there are probably others.”
“Once we find them, how are we going to get them out? If they’re keeping her captive somewhere, surely there will be guards.” Aunt Jenny sounds nervous. She glances at Daniel, and I can almost hear her concern that we will be sending Daniel in alone to rescue these wolves.
“We won’t really know until we get there. We’ll have to do some reconnaissance, find out the situation. I don’t think they’re expecting us to infiltrate–they think they’re stronger and smarter than us.”
“Because we’re women,” Mom says bitterly.
“Yes. But we’re strong women, and they will learn that they shouldn’t underestimate us. We got Daniel back, didn’t we?”
Remy is watching me, smiling slightly. I smile back a little. In the corner, Daniel notices and his brow furrows.
I take a deep breath. “We need to be mobile.” When they look at me blankly, I continue. “I think we’re sitting ducks in this cabin. We can’t just hunker down and expect that they won’t find us. The safest place is on the road. We trade in our car for an RV, pack it up, and get out there. They can’t sniff out our trail that way, and then we can stay on the road longer, tracking people down. Our car can barely fit us all, anyway, now that Daniel’s here,” I add.
“Good idea. We’ll go into town tomorrow,” Mom says to Remy. “We can probably find a used RV that isn’t too expensive.”
“It’s my car,” Remy states bluntly. “I’m not trading in my car.”
I should have known there’d be a snag. I’m a little hurt that it’s Remy doing the snagging, though. 
This is when it’d be nice to be a little older than sixteen.
“Um… well, then, does anyone, I mean, do we have enough money, like, in a bank?” I ask.
I can’t stand how naïve I sound. Money has always been a sore subject for our family, and for Daniel’s family. Our fathers weren’t exactly great at keeping their tempers in check, which made finding work hard, and Daniel and I both knew our mothers worked hard just to make ends meet. I don’t expect we have a few thousand dollars in savings to buy an RV spur of the moment.
“Actually, there is some money,” Aunt Jenny says slowly. “It’s… it’s Daniel’s college fund. All of Frank’s life insurance money went in there, what didn’t go toward the funeral.” She looks at Daniel again.
Now I’m thinking there might be life insurance money from Dad, but a quick glance at my mom tells me it ain’t so.
“We’ve been living off of your father’s money, Kayla,” she tells me. “There’s not a whole lot left.”
What, I don’t get a college fund?
I can tell by my mom’s face that she’s a little ashamed about not thinking of my future. Especially given that Daniel disappeared, and Aunt Jenny still didn’t touch his college fund, while I was still there. Still there, still going to school, still thinking I had a future as a normal person. 
My fists clench up. So Mom doesn’t have any money. But Aunt Jenny doesn’t seem to want to offer Daniel’s college fund up for the good of the pack, and Remy doesn’t want to give up his precious car. Everyone wants to save the pack, but no one actually wants to fight or give up their money or sacrifice a goddamn thing.
With one last glare in Remy’s direction, I stomp out of the room and head to the backyard. I’m not used to being the angry one. Back when it was just Daniel and me, I always had to do the calming down. 
I pace around, thinking it might be nice to turn wolf and burn this anger off. The evening air is cool and helps a bit, but a sudden wave of calmness fills me and I find myself slowing down, my fists unclenching, clambering up onto the picnic table and laying there. Staring up at the stars.
The picnic table bench creaks and I know. I understand how I got calm so fast.
(Hi, Daniel)
(hi)
(Thanks)
(no problem… you did it enough for me)
His presence is comfortable. I don’t have to try with him, to get all nervous like a giddy teenage girl. He’s just Daniel.
(I’m not a very good leader)
(you’re doing fine… it’s a lot of responsibility… I’m going to talk to my mom… she might be willing to use that money)
(My mom didn’t bother with a college fund for me)
Even the thought tastes bitter.
(you’re smart. you would’ve gotten a scholarship)
(Doesn’t matter)
He doesn’t answer back for a while. Daniel knows that words can’t change much of anything, but I feel something coming from him. It feels like a hug. Just an emotional mind hug.
It makes me want the real thing.
I roll off the picnic table and climb down to sit beside Daniel. I look at him. He looks at me. I pull at his elbow, loosening his arm from where it is crossed over his chest, and weave myself inside until I am around him and he is around me.
We sit like this for a long time.




-29-

The middle of the night. The dark corners of this little house are filled with deep breathing, relaxed bodies, sleepers who haven’t been thrown out of dreamland by a nightmare that’s real. For a long time, the shadows paralyze me and I can’t move for fear that Geo’s men are here, they are right here and they are going to hurt me, and my mom, and Aunt Jenny, and probably Daniel and Remy, too. 
Once my eyes adjust to the lack of light, I get up and slip out of the bedroom and past the sleeping boys in the living room. I use all the tricks Remy taught me to be completely silent.
I can’t leave Misty alone anymore.
Last night, after I had calmed down, we all discussed how we might mobilize. There was talk of taking Remy’s Jeep and camping, but it would be a tight fit, and we’d have to rent a trailer for all of our stuff. The whole thing felt horribly slow and clunky.
My clothes are on the ground. I am wolf.
I feel the pull of Misty’s bond, and I am going to help her.




-30-

I’ve never let my wolf guide me this way. She knows the way to go, without the aid of any map or GPS, she just feels Misty out there and we go that way. I try not to listen to the rational side of my brain. “This isn’t a good idea,” it keeps saying. 
The forest presents only a few challenges, like when I come to a river raging with the spring rains. The narrowest point I can find is several miles upriver where a manmade bridge connects a road. Rather than risk getting wet, I cross on the pavement, then quickly make my way back, away from civilization. 
The mountains make things a little harder, only because I have to stop and rest more often. I take quick naps. I want to avoid any dreamwalking that might lead me into Ben’s path.
The sun rises. The sun sets. I hunt down some pheasant. I nap. I keep going.
I had thought Geo’s camp would be closer. Misty’s pull had felt so strong, I didn’t imagine it would be this far. I can no longer smell civilization, and I worry that I have crossed over into Canada, even though I’m sure I didn’t walk so far. Daniel ran all the way from Nebraska to northern Montana, and I’m so exhausted after one day that I’m barely trotting along.
I am taking another nap, my eyes falling closed the second I lie down, when I am jolted awake.
My head snaps up, my ears swiveling for the sound that woke me. Or maybe it wasn’t a sound, but a scent. The rocky overhang under which I slept has too many strong odors for me to sort through. Channeling all of Remy’s lessons, I seek those spaces of existence. 
The hairs on my neck rise up. 
There is something right above me. 
I’ve learned how to hide my noise and my presence, but I can’t hide my sweat-stink and I can’t make my physical body disappear. I can only hope that whoever is up there on the rock is just another animal, or in human form.
A tense few minutes pass, then I hear that creature race off back the way it came. I don’t dare peek for several more minutes. I know it was a wolf.
After the sounds of its departure fully disappear, I dart out from under my rock and continue toward Misty.




-31-

I have to move more slowly. I can smell them. Not Geo’s wolves, but his prisoners. Those who are like Misty. Maybe even those mud-wrestling girls. It stinks of sweat and blood and shit and fear.
I never got any images from Misty about where exactly she was being kept. I felt the things that directly affected her: a metal collar around her neck, chains, a muddy clearing. No images of whether they are near houses, or a road, or anything. I can’t imagine a house out here. This is truly the middle of nowhere.
So I am quite surprised to come to a dirt road, and a fence. I turn right and follow the fence to a sign calling this “Wolf River Campground.”
A campground? 
There’s a little building beyond the sign marked by a fake wood shingle with the word OFFICE carved into it. The windows are dark. There are trucks and vans and SUVs and some ATVs parked nearby.  
I slink in through the gate, which is a simple wooden log barring the road, and get as far from that building as possible, creeping alongside the fence. Once I feel like I am out of sight, I crouch down and use my senses to determine the layout. 
The bathrooms are nearby. Or maybe they just haven’t been cleaned in a while. Beyond that, I smell gasoline and oil. 
There are a lot more people here than I might have considered. Fifty, a hundred? My senses are freaking out. I feel the pull of Misty, and of course she’s somewhere in the middle of this. Shit. I should have been more cautious. How the hell did they let me become an alpha, anyway? I’m no good at making decisions. I’m too headstrong. 
run get out they are surrounding you
No. I can’t turn back now. I came all this way for Misty, and I’m going to help her, or I’ll never have a decent night’s sleep.
Maybe I can dart in and dart out. Grab her and run.
“Well what do we have here?”
I jump and turn, blindly attacking the owner of the male voice. My teeth sink into his leg, and I am momentarily confused as to why he isn’t running away or fighting back, until I feel the cold prick of a needle sliding into my neck.
After that, it’s just darkness.
No dreams.

When I wake up I am immediately aware that there is a heavy leather collar around my neck, complete with chain. 
Contrary to popular belief, werewolves do not have super strength. Anything that would restrain a normal dog would restrain me. A fact which does not please me right now. I am, however, happy to discover that I am still a wolf. I’d rather not be here naked.
Here is a mud-filled pen, surrounded on all sides by chain-link fencing. My chain snakes through the mud and joins the fence with a heavy padlock.  A glance up reveals that there is a chain-link roof as well. The pen is about twenty feet square, and I share the space with someone else.
(Misty!)
She is not wolf. I can tell that her collar is tight against her neck, which would prevent her from making the change. She shivers in the mud, but she is wearing clothes. Probably so she doesn’t freeze to death. 
Another reason to be grateful for being a wolf right now.
Her eyes slowly open. They are the dead brown of leaves fallen at the end of autumn. They look at me but do not see me. 
(Misty it’s me it’s Kayla you know me)
Still blank. Not even a flicker of acknowledgement. 
If I can feel her, why can’t she hear me?
A loud clang makes me jump. My nerves are alive and I can’t focus on anything. So many smells, so many sounds. I keep trying to use my eyes to see what’s happening instead of allowing my wolf to sense what’s happening.
“Looky here, girl,” says a familiar voice. Ben. I growl before my nose scents his stink. 
He stands outside the fence. Ripped jeans, plaid flannel shirt unbuttoned underneath a bright orange down vest. Shaggy brown hair escaping from a knit cap pulled low over his brow. Not quite as cruelly handsome as in my dream, but then again, most people’s self-images don’t usually match what they see in the mirror. 
For some reason, I assumed he’d been talking to me when he said “girl.” My self-image doesn’t exactly match up right now, either. He’s talking to Misty.
“Got you a little pet wolfy,” Ben says. He reaches through the fence and grabs the chain attached to my neck and rattles it. 
I don’t think; I’m already lunging at that hand. My teeth snap on empty air just before my body slams into the fence. The men standing around give a collective, “Ooooh,” and laugh. 
Ben looks at me with a smug grin. 
I growl.
“Nice wolfy,” he says. “Hey, bitch–” this he directs at Misty, “Get the fuck up.”
Misty doesn’t move.
“Wolfy here seems to be a mite hungry,” Ben says. “You might want to get up before she eats you.”
When Misty doesn’t respond, one of the other men standing around yells, “Come on, bitch, turn wolf already!”
Slowly I’m starting to understand what’s happening. I had assumed these men knew who I was, and knew somehow that I’d been in contact with Misty. Instead, it looks like they don’t know I’m a werewolf too. And it seems Misty is refusing to change. No wonder, after all she’s been through. 
I move toward her.
(Misty. Can you hear me?) 
I make my thoughts as crystal clear as I can.
(Please, hear me. I am your alpha.)
Misty blinks, and her eyes shift.
do it kill me just fucking kill me already fucking wolf
The closer I get to Misty the louder the men become. One of them grabs the fencing and rattles it, which makes me jump. Then more start up. I struggle to focus. 
(I am your alpha)
Nothing.
I edge closer. The weight of the chain drags through the mud, drags on the heavy collar around my neck. I stop right at Misty’s bare feet.
I meet her gaze. The rattling fence fades away. Right now, it’s just me and her and our bond. Nothing else.
(I AM YOUR ALPHA)
A small wrinkle appears in her forehead, between her eyebrows. 
Then she lunges at me with a primal yell.
The men go crazy, yelling and banging the fence. 
Misty has her hands wrapped around my collar, and she shakes it back and forth so that my head is whipped around. The movement makes my jaw snap open and shut but I crane my face away so I’m not going to bite her. I won’t bite her. This human cannot kill me. 
And I am not going to kill one of my own pack, even if she doesn’t realize it.
She tries to slam me down on the ground–damn, this girl has some guns on her–and instead I twist and use my weight to slam into her, catching her off balance. She pulls me to the ground with her, but her grip is loose and I manage to maneuver away just long enough to jump on her chest and keep her down. I put my face right up to hers.
(I AM YOUR ALPHA)
I growl at her. When she tenses up to move, I snap my fangs in her face and growl again.
(I AM YOUR ALPHA)
She’s looking at me now. Not her previous dead stare. The little wrinkle is back. And her eyes are seeing me. 
(I AM YOUR ALPHA)
(how can I hear you shit what is happening am i going to turn now please i don’t want to turn again)
(I am your alpha. You will not turn.)
My paws step to the muddy ground, and I watch her get to her elbows.
She’s watching me. 
(why can i hear it)
(you can hear me because I am your alpha)
(fuck i can hear the wolf the wolf is talking to me i am going insane)
Misty begins to look panicked. I take a deep breath and make my thoughts as clear as possible.
(My name is Kayla. I am your alpha. I met you in a dream, do you remember?)
Her eyes widen. Instead of words I see images, flickers of dream memories.
(Yes, that was me. I came here to help you.)
(oh jesus, i can’t i can’t even oh jesus)
I decide Misty needs a few minutes to understand.
Of course, here I am, “I’m your alpha!” and I’m chained up just like her, alone. Not exactly the most reassuring beacon of rescue.
I watch numerous emotions flash across Misty’s face. Fear, desperation, curiosity, anger, hopelessness. I wish hopelessness wasn’t the last one, but that’s the one that stays on her face, as the sounds of the men around me begin to attract my attention again.
“What is this?” one guy grumbles. “I want a fight!”
“Yeah, Ben! You got us a dud.”
“She’s no dud,” Ben says loudly enough to be heard over all the complaints. “What we got here, boys, is an alpha.”
“Shit.” This comes from a guy with no teeth. “A bitch alpha? No way.”
I can’t help it; my hackles are up. I’m alone, and Misty doesn’t look like she’ll be much help right now. Once the shell shock wears off maybe. My neck hurts from all that flinging around. I wonder how many times Misty has been forced to fight other werewolves. 
“Come on. No such thing.” 
The guys all seem to agree. I turn my head around, seeking out some other females, but none of them surround this mud pit. If there are in fact any female werewolves in this pack, these guys probably have them chained up in the kitchen. Bastards.
Ben watches me through the fence. “You all know Geo is looking for a pack of females,” he says, and the crowd quiets.
“The true alpha left, we all know that. So what happens after three years with no alpha?” Ben gestures toward me with his hand. “This is what happens. An aberration. A freak of nature.”
“Amen!” yells some guy behind me.
“Now, Geo wants this pack of females. But we can’t exactly give him a female alpha, now can we?”
A chorus of no’s and no way’s and never’s. 
“She’s the reason we haven’t been able to break this one,” Ben continues. He’s referring to Misty. “Why she doesn’t obey. Because this bitch here is her alpha.”
Ben turns from the men and glares at me. I glare back. His words make my blood boil. Aberration? Freak? Just because I’m a girl? 
A low growl burns in the back of my throat.
“What we need to do, boys, is break the alpha.”




-32-

I don’t even have time to comprehend before men start ripping their shirts off. It isn’t pretty. Sure, some of them are in decent shape, but many of them haven’t done much running lately, wolf or otherwise. There’s hair, and not wolf hair. 
Ben keeps his shirt on. He just watches me with calculating eyes. He’s waiting to see what I’ll do.
And I’m waiting to see what they’re all going to do. They seem to know without being told, like this is a fairly common occurrence. 
Misty doesn’t even move. She’s back to being catatonic.
I find myself pacing. I suppose I could have played it cool, stayed absolutely still until I knew what Ben was up to, but I’d rather be warm and ready to fight. It’s looking like it will be a fight. Me versus about fifty guys/wolves.
“Omega,” Ben calls, and four guys step up to the gate.
They don’t seem so bad. Scrawny, compared to some of the others, and fairly young. One looks like he’s maybe fourteen, two of them could be maybe mid-twenties with their wispy facial hair. The oldest looks like he’s spent his life being this pack’s little bitch. No muscle. Biggest Adam’s apple I’ve ever seen. He looks sweaty already. And nervous. 
I shake my head, wishing this damn collar was off. 
The crowd starts pounding on the fence, chanting, “Oh–Meg–Ah! Oh–Meg–Ah!”
Beyond the chanting there are catcalls.
“You got a purdy mouth!”
“Four on one, this’ll be the most action you guys’ll get this year!”
“Look at Dougie, he’s ready to piss himself!”
I wait, moving back so that the chain has a lot of slack. Last thing I need is to get tripped up.
“Come on, ladies, we’re waiting!” Ben snaps, and the four guys reluctantly unbuckle their belts and unzip their jeans and I avert my eyes before they remove the underwear. The catcalls get louder, then they’re turning and I know I can’t take my senses off of them now.
Two guys on each side pull on some ropes, raising the gate, and the four wolves race in.
Four on one. 
The odds are not in my favor. 
I stand my ground and watch their movements. I’m looking for the mini-alpha here, the one in charge. The older one is my guess, but he minces his feet in the mud and holds back, while one of the twenty-somethings rushes in.
It’s a frontal attack. He doesn’t even try to get behind me or flank me. I’m not even sure if he’s going straight for my jugular. It’s like he’s just running at me. 
It takes me about .2 seconds to shift slightly out of his way, duck in, and tear out his throat. His wolf body runs for a few steps then drops. The body hits the ground and doesn’t move. The wound in his neck steams into the chilly air. Blood pumps furiously out for a couple seconds before slowing.
The other three wolves stop. And stare. And look at each other. Their tails are firmly tucked between their legs–just as they have been since they turned.
Omega–I vaguely remember that Alpha is the Greek word for first, while Omega means last. These guys are the lowest of low in their pack. Ben must have his pack organized into smaller groups based on pack racking. I was prepared for some serious strong fighters–and instead I just took out their weakest link. 
A weird twinge in my chest. No. I refuse to feel bad. These wolves are in this pen with me to kill me. Or “break” me, whatever that means. Do they really think they can break my pack bonds and make me submit? They clearly don’t know anything about me. Or my pack.
I wait for a few moments, then decide these guys aren’t going to make a decision anytime soon. I’ve just killed their leader. 
Snapping my teeth, I feint at them, just to keep them nervous. Jump at them, then jump back. They dance around, but despite the encouragement and derision offered by their packmates outside the fence, they don’t do anything except maybe snap back.
“This is gonna take a while,” says a guy behind me.
No it isn’t, I think, then fake like I’m jumping at the older wolf. He jumps back, while the young one watches, and that’s when I strike. I jump on top of the young wolf, sinking my claws into his ribs, and rip into his neck. That damn twinge again, and I pull back. 
Just in time to be knocked off by twenty-something number two. 
I’d rather they came at me. I’d prefer to fight defense, because then I don’t feel bad about slaughtering them. I take this guy out with a slash of my claws to his belly. Ropes of intestines and glistening innards explode out of his abdomen. I get a faceful of something, and my wolf instinctively eats it. 
The crowd oohs. There’s a bit of “Oh, shit, look what happened to Dougie” and a bit more of “That bitch has skills.” I swallow and ignore Dougie’s dying mewls. 
Twenty-something #2 is crawling in the mud. 
come on, you’re not hurt that bad
I move around the young’un, keep his body between me and the old wolf. I want Oldie to attack me over the kid’s body. Two birds with one stone.
He growls. He makes the fur on his back rise up. Doesn’t make him look any bigger. 
I’ve seen Daniel in action. There is no comparison.
Finally I get bored of the standoff and trample over the kid as I lunge at the old man. He backs off instead of meeting me, so I just keep going at him. I get him up against the fence and then rip out his throat. As I’m snacking on his esophagus, hands come in through the chain links and I snap off a few fingers before darting back to the kid. 
He isn’t dead yet. He’s suffering. I stand over him. Can I just kill someone in cold blood like this, when they aren’t attacking me or able to fight back? 
Then he attacks. His jaws dig into my chest, near the shoulder.
And I slash out his eyes before getting my teeth around his neck and snapping the bones.
“Ding ding ding!” calls one of the guys by the gate. “Omega is finished! Chi! You’re up!”
I back away, breathing hard. Chi? More guys jog through the crowd to assemble at the gate. These guys look much hardier than team Omega. More muscle. Less uncertainty. They’re older, maybe the same age as the older wolf I just killed, but the similarities stop there.
My shoulder hurts. I’m feeling winded. And looking around at all the faces, I feel despair. They’re just going to send wave after wave after wave of teams to fight me. Outnumbered, and as I grow more tired, they’ll send in fresh guys, each wave stronger than the last.
My tail sags just a little bit.
The gate lifts.




-33-

My only advantage is that they don’t want to kill me. 
I fight like my life depends on it. I fight to kill. I bite, tear, rip, shred, claw, gnaw. I see only mud and blood and fur and fangs. My brain and instincts join up and it’s like I can foresee how they will move and attack. My muscles should be burning with effort, I should feel the claws and teeth that pierce my skin. But I don’t feel anything.
Not until the fight stops.
Sides heaving, head drooping, I survey the damage.
Four more bodies. Two of them aren’t quite dead. One tried to crawl out but was kicked back in, and I managed to hurl him a short ways where he hit his head against a rock. He hasn’t gotten up again, but he’s still breathing. The other one I chewed through the tendons in all four of his limbs, then eviscerated him. His paws dangle uselessly as his legs twitch. I’m not sure if he’s trying to escape–he’s not going anywhere fast so I might as well leave him. 
I assess my own damage. My jaw hurts. My gums are cut up and my shoulder hurts and I can feel blood trickling from myriad wounds. 
I’m backed up as far from the gate as I can without coming into contact with the fence–and the assholes on the other side, who want to poke me with sticks or grab with their hands or throw beer on me. I wait for the next round, and here it comes. 
“Sigma,” Ben calls out.  
Four more guys. Bigger than the last. Stronger than the last. 
Here we go.




-34-

My face is half-buried in the mud. I breathe. I have to force myself, because I don’t want to. My ears ring, and everything feels... slow. Dim. Too loud yet I can’t hear anything. 
It feels good not to move.
The cold mud is soothing. And no one’s biting me at the moment, so I’ll just lie here a little longer.
Team Sigma had a plan. They all attacked at once. I didn’t know where to strike, where to defend. They tackled me like they were linebackers and I was the football. Bit me. Clawed me. Once they had me down, two of them turned human and hit me and kicked me. 
Now here I am. 
I find that I don’t care. I fought, and I lost. The odds were against me. There’s no shame in losing in that situation. I don’t know how far down the list Sigma is, there could have been ten more teams of four guys out there waiting. 
And I’m too tired now.
Peaceful. 
Too peaceful.
I lift my head to see what these four wolves are doing, since they’re not attacking me, and fuck if I don’t get an eyeful of a wolf with a fucking boner.
I’m up at out of the mud before he can move one more paw toward me. 
Guess I’ve still got some fight after all.




-35-

They don’t want to kill me. They want to torture and rape me.
Even knowing this, my stamina can’t last. The mud is sucking me in. My paws can’t move fast enough, and I keep falling down
Misty get up please get up and help me
She doesn’t even blink
After I manage to escape the grasp of one of the humans I actually rush at her and kick her in the face with a rear paw as I race by.
fucking WAKE UP and HELP ME
Unfortunately I’ve forgotten about the collar around my neck, and the chain pulls taut with a jerk and yanks me back. I land on my back and choke for a moment before righting myself and staggering to my feet.
Team Sigma doesn’t even look winded. Looking at them only makes me lose hope, so instead I glance over at Ben. Ben’s eyes are narrowed, and it’s subtle but I think there’s a smirk hiding just behind his expression. He’s ready for that moment when I admit defeat. 
I swing my head back to the four wolves in front of me and growl.
I’ve reached this strange place where I’m ready to kamikaze. I will win or die trying. My brain has reached a higher plane, and I feel a weird energy coming from someplace outside of me, charging me up. 
Instead of being on defense, I attack. It’s a blood fury, and it’s over almost before I know it. 
No one’s dead. They are ripped open and bleeding and pissing themselves in fear and pain. Or three of them are. Where’s number four?
A heavy weight hits my back and my legs buckle. I am pushed down in the mud. I can’t get up, and panic threatens to overtake me. There’s what feels like an elbow pressing into the back of my neck, pushing my face into the mud. Things are going black again. 
Then I see them.
The silvery bonds, wafting out from my forehead. 
I pull. I pull as hard as I mentally can on all of the bonds. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I see Misty sit up, her eyes wide and clear.
Then I see other faces. Some of them I recognize. There’s Martin. He’s here? In the crowd? He looks surprised. Another man, named Phil. Mike. Terry. A woman named Laura emerges from one of the RVs, looking bruised and scared. 
They’re all here. Watching. Do they not know who I am? Didn’t Ben tell them? 
Mud seems into my nostrils. My legs scramble. I’m going to die.
I don’t just pull. I yank. 
Behind me, there’s a crack, and my attacker falls to the ground. I glance over at his open, unseeing eyes. 
I can’t get up. My muscles try, and shake, and fail.
Misty crouches beside me, and rests her hand on my head.
There’s a way to transfer energy through the bonds. Daniel and I have done it when we’ve calmed each other. I would breathe in his angry energy and send my own slow heartbeat toward him. 
I try something new. I breathe in energy. I pull. So many silvery bonds, a little from each one, and suddenly I can move my legs. I can stand up. 
Misty looks at me, then looks over at Ben, who looks absolutely pissed. Then she looks back at me, with the sharp rock in her hand, she starts sawing at my collar. I can’t see it, but I would assume my collar must have a thick lock on it like hers. But the collars are made of leather. 
I move my muzzle toward her neck. At first she jerks her face away, then holds still while I press my teeth into her neck. It takes some wiggling, but I manage to get my teeth between the collar and her skin. And with a little extra juice from the bonds, my teeth turn razor sharp and I bite through the thick leather as easily as I’d tear into an elk carcass.
She gasps and touches her neck. The skin there is raw and oddly clean-looking.
I look toward Ben. The potential smirk is gone. Now he just looks pissed, like he wants to take me out himself. 
What I don’t understand is why Ben would sacrifice twelve of his guys. Well, not twelve–a couple of them are still breathing. Who has that many wolves in their pack that they can spare so many good fighters?
or not-so-good fighters
There are a lot of wolves here. Maybe fifty that I can see. Still, when you know there’s a war on the horizon, you don’t just offer up even your weakest fighters to be sacrificed. A look passes over Ben’s face that tells me he knows this just as well as I do.
Misty and I are both watching the gate, but it doesn’t seem like another team is in the wings. I look at Misty.
(we need to get out of this cage)
She jerks her head, still surprised at my voice inside of it. Then she nods.
“Lock the gate,” Ben orders, almost as if he’d heard me. “We can wait these bitches out.”




-36-

Ben heads off with seven other men, the biggest and roughest men in the crowd. Everyone else grumbles and goes about their other business. I watch Martin, who keeps looking at me as he moves through the campground like some kind of servant. He stands apart from the others.
The gate has been padlocked, but I’m not too worried about it. Misty and I aren’t chained up anymore. We can dig our way out. We could climb. So many possible escapes, and yet I rest while twilight falls. Night comes quickly in the forest, the trees blocking the sunset and the world turning impossibly dim. 
One by one, campfires are started, or lights go on inside the motor homes and trailers. 
I remain wolf until it’s dark enough that I feel safe. Misty has retreated once again into her catatonic stupor, but I can feel her hunger gnawing at her. I turn human and speak to her out loud for the first time.
“You should eat.”
When she doesn’t move, I poke her. Her head rolls toward me sluggishly, then starts a little when she sees my human form. 
“Kayla,” she says slowly.
“Misty, you need to eat. Come on.”
She laughs. Her teeth are a flash on white in the shadows of her face. “Eat? What am I gonna eat? They don’t feed me. They like me weak.” 
“There’s plenty of food.” I gesture to the corpses around us. Over the hours, the two wolves that had been alive expired quietly from their injuries. Ben never came back. Like he didn’t even care. I can’t even imagine having expendable members of my pack.
“Food?” Misty looks around, then lets her head fall back again. “No.”
“It’s food for a wolf.” She doesn’t respond. “Look, it will keep you alive. Just turn wolf and eat then turn back. No big deal.”
She looks at me again. “You don’t seem to get it, pretty girl.”
“Get what?”
“I’ve never turned wolf.”
“What?”
I had never considered this option. She’d never turned? She had been bitten over a month ago!
“And I never will.” Her voice cracked.
“You will,” I say. “It isn’t hard. Look, I’ve taught a bunch of people how to do it, so I’m sure–”
“I don’t want to turn wolf,” Misty spits at me. “I am not an animal.”
Her words are like a slap in the face, and I sit back on my heels. Thinking before speaking isn’t exactly my strong suit, but I’m going to give it a shot.
“You don’t have to let the animal side of you lose control,” I say. “You can control your wolf.”
“Like them?” she says sarcastically. “Like you, when you were fighting? You just killed twelve people. People. Maybe that’s no big deal to you, but I don’t want to kill anyone. I don’t want to attack people, or eat their dead bodies.”
My mouth opens before I can even think about controlling myself.
“Look, I’ve been like this since I was born. I never had a choice not to be half animal. We’re in the middle of a war, Misty. This pack–” I gesture around to indicate the campground, “wants to capture my pack. Because my pack has three females, and apparently those are a rare commodity. They want to capture my pack so they can rape us and make us breed their little bastard children for them, so yes, I am willing to kill them in order to protect my family and my pack. I will kill every last one of them if that means my pack can survive in peace. If that makes me an animal, then fuck you.”
I melt back into a wolf and stalk away from Misty, sitting with my back very definitely facing her. I watch the trailer Martin went into. Of course I’m hyper aware of Misty behind me. I want her to apologize. I want her to crawl on her knees. But while I wait for that, I watch Martin’s trailer.
There’s a dim light shining from one of the windows. Why do all trailers have frosted or tinted windows? I can’t see anything going on inside. The light flickers, like a candle.
Sometimes it’s hard to remember my wolf senses.
I close my eyes.
I hear crickets, wind snaking through the tops of the trees, tree trunks creaking as they sway imperceptibly. I hear men laughing, whispering, arguing quietly. A woman’s voice, then a slap. Whimpers. 
I strain for voices coming from Martin’s trailer. The voices are impossibly quiet, even as they seem to argue. When I recall the flickering lights, I realize it must be a television. 
It takes some time before I notice the sounds that are missing.
No birds. No owls, no squirrels. The animals must be afraid, and stay away.
Smells: wood smoke, fire, beer, blood, shit, and that awful stench that means the wolves have been marking their territories. 
“They make me fight,” Misty says quietly. 
Her voice startles me a little. I allow one ear to flick back to listen better.
“The first day, they drugged me. I woke up in here with that collar on and a wolf growling in my face. I nearly pissed myself, then he turned into naked man. And he proceeded to beat me. I fought him as best I could. I must have fought pretty hard because at some point he gave up, and another man came in. And it was more of the same. 
“The next time I woke up there was another woman in here with me. It was dark, and neither of us had clothes on. Ben stepped up to the fence and introduced himself, and told us that we had to fight each other to the death. If neither of us was a clear winner after twenty minutes, we would both get beaten. If there was a clear winner, only the loser would get beaten.”
Misty sucks in a deep breath. Her voice has become tense and angry.
“They didn’t tell me that if I won, I would have to watch them beat her. They didn’t tell me that if I won, I would have to keep fighting until I lost.”
I turn my head to look at her then.
(you haven’t lost yet, have you)
“No,” she says. She’s quiet for a moment, then continues. “Some of the women, they turn wolf while I’m fighting them. Others only turn as they’re being beaten. I see them out there, beyond the fence, and I wonder if they like seeing me suffer for what I made them go through.”
(you had no choice)
“But it feels like I did,” Misty says. In the dark I can see that her face is wet. “I chose to fight.”
(I don’t think survival is a choice)
In the darkening twilight Misty looks at me and gives me a little smile. Then she closes her eyes and drops her head forward onto her arms. Within minutes she’s asleep, and I follow not long after.




-37-

My ears twitch suddenly, waking me up. The darkness is complete now. No lights in the trailers. Only the stars and moon bright above lend a blue tint to the landscape.
Something woke me, something my wolf brain interpreted as danger. I try not to move my head to look around and instead use my other senses. It’s a car engine. Far off, but around here sound carries. This is not something expected–no one else in the camp has woken. I get up and pace as the car approaches. 
I can’t stand this metal cage penning me in. My wolf wants to run and escape. Misty still sleeps, her face strangely peaceful. I came here for her. I need to get her out, too.
The cage must have weak points. It isn’t welded together, it’s jury-rigged fencing to make a cage. The frame is made from metal piping that is thicker than a screen tent frame, but thinner than the poles used for a chain-link fence at a school. I wander over to a corner and peer at how the chain links are attached to the poles. For the support poles along the middle, the chain links are attacked with simple twisted metal brackets. At the corner there’s a metal slat that runs through the edges of the links and is screwed onto the pole. And at the top... the top is just the twisted brackets holding the roof on. 
Could it be so simple to just climb up and twist the chain link off the pole, and escape? 
I check out the gate. 
There are two big padlocks attacked to chains like the one that was attached to my collar earlier, one on each side of the gate, tethering the lifting part of the gate to the poles on each side. But when I look at how the chain link connects to the poles, I see that it’s the same twisted metal brackets. 
(Misty)
(wake up)
The car is much closer now, and it sounds larger than a car. A truck or Jeep maybe. Part of me hopes it could be Remy and Daniel and my mom and Aunt Jenny, and I’d love to be out of this cage and able to jump in and escape with them.
(Misty!)
She is getting up, but slowly. I turn human and start working at the twists. It’s much harder than I thought–the metal wire is too thick for my soft human fingers–so I turn back to wolf and pull at them with my teeth. This works much better, although the inside of my mouth is getting cut up.
“What is it?” she whispers with a sleep-clogged throat.
(turn wolf and help me)
She looks at me. “Did you forget?”
(Forget what--) 
She had told me she’d never turned wolf. I take a break from eating chain link and look at her. 
(If I command you to turn, you can turn)
The look she gives me is one of fear. How can she be afraid of this? But for me, it was such a natural transition. “Please don’t,” she says. Her voice sounds like it’s about to tremble.
(This is too hard for a human to do, but with wolf teeth both of us could get this gate open and get us out of here)
She looks at the gate, seeing what I’ve been trying to do. I’ve got one metal twist most of the way off. 
Her hand slides into one of the many pockets of her cargo pants. I wonder if she’s been wearing those for the past two months. They’re absolutely coated in mud and ripped all over–hanging on by the seams.
When she extracts her hand, she has one of the metal twists in her hands. It’s been bent in half, with the cut ends held together by some kind of thin rope or thread. 
A weapon.
“I found it in the mud,” she says, staring at it. “I’ve been waiting for the right time to use it.” 
For a moment I wonder if she means to kill me, and I step back as she comes at me. 
But she only kneels at the gate and slides the looped end of the wire over one of the twist ends, and pulls. 
The wire comes away so easily I would have laughed if I wasn’t a wolf. 
“Shit, girl.” Misty laughs mirthlessly. “If I’d known it was this easy, I would’ve been out of here a long time ago.”
I swallow through a lump in my throat. There’s nothing I could say, even if I was human, so I lick her shoulder. She smiles sadly, then looks at the fence and attacks it with a viciousness so sudden I back up again.
The truck, it’s definitely a truck, is only a mile or so out. The headlights blink like tiny lights between the trees. Misty yanks off one of the twists, hurls it to the ground, and gets to work on another. I turn human and pick up the wire, fold it in half, and stand to begin working at the side toward the bottom corner while Misty works along the bottom.  
The first one is difficult, but it gets easier once I get the hang of it, and with the truck coming the two of us work faster and faster. Now I hear the brakes squeal slightly. The vehicle must be at the gate. 
“Ben is awake now,” I say the moment I hear the door of his cabin open. I yank off the twist I had been working on and melt back into wolf. Misty stops and we both listen.
He slaps on the side of a trailer and, without waiting, heads to another trailer to do the same. The men inside grumble and rouse themselves and I hear the sounds of legs being shoved into pants and boots being slipped onto feet. The trailer doors open and a group of four men join Ben, who has started up the road toward the main office. 
Once they gone a ways away, I turn back to human and the two of us begin working again. My fingers hum with adrenaline. This would be the perfect distraction to allow our escape. 
One twist left. Misty yanks and pulls at it and finally it’s free, and we’re rolling away the corner of the gate fencing with shaking hands.
“You first,” I say.
She practically dives through, and I follow. 
“Which way?” Misty says.
“The office is up that way. We should–”
I don’t finish because I hear voices.
(don’t speak listen)
“Did you hear something?” The voice is inside of a trailer. 
“Like what?”
“Voices, or something.”
“I heard a truck. Maybe Arturo is back.”
“It sounded close. And like women.”
“Those bitches in the cage, probably squawking.”
“You think we should check?”
“If Ben wanted us to keep watch on them he would have told us to. Go back to sleep.”
“Damn I wish there were more women around here so I wouldn’t have to share a trailer with you.”
“Fuck you.”
“Fuck you more.”
“The women don’t want us, you know. Adam says the woman Ben gave him just lays there. Like she’s dead.”
“I bet that black bitch in the pit wouldn’t just lay there.”
“The new one’s feisty.”
“Feisty? That alpha bitch is a stone killer, man. Good thing Ben didn’t send in our crew. Damn.”
We wait, breathlessly, through this whole exchange. I’m not sure Misty can hear them.
(We need to be silent. We can communicate like this.)
Misty shakes her head.
(Just try it, think something at me. You can do it.)
 She squeezes her eyes shut and 
(CAN YOU HEAR ME)
(yes! jesus. i’m right here, you don’t have to shout)
She laughs, then covers her mouth.
(this is so weird)
(You’ll get used to it. Come on, we should go. Let’s try heading away from that main road)
(should i...)
Her question lingers as she stares at my naked body. I’ve never been taught to be ashamed of myself, especially among fellow werewolves, but her gaze makes me suddenly aware of how vulnerable I am as human. 
(This would be much easier as wolves, but I could turn and you stay human?)
She looks at me, then away. I can feel her mind considering, though I can’t catch anything specific. She’s awfully good at keeping her thoughts guarded.
Finally 
(i would like to try)
I nod.
(Watch me)
I demonstrate the transformation to wolf then back again. Far off I can hear Ben’s voice along with some of the others. The engine is still running, idling, back at the main office.
(Try)
She closes her eyes and crouches down. 
(It might help to take off your clothes)
The look she gives me tells me that isn’t going to happen. I shrug.
(They’ll probably just rip off anyway)
(i never want to see these rags again)
I smile.
(It might help to listen to your wolf senses. Like meditation. Especially smell and sound)
For long, agonizing minutes, Misty remains still, crouched on the ground with her eyes closed. I tune in to the men up at the office. It’s too far to hear specific words but I can hear the general rumble of voices. Then the truck revs. 
(Shit, they’re coming)
Misty opens her eyes wide.
(Come on, turn!)
(i can’t, i tried)
(We have to get out of here! They’re coming back!)
(i can’t do it!)
(TURN WOLF)
(TURN WOLF NOW)
Misty trembles, and her eyes grow wider. Her back rounds, and at first I think she’s smiling, then I realize it’s the wolf’s mouth stretching hers. She stares at her hands as the fingers shrink and the fingernails harden and curve. Then the hair starts growing, and her human expression is lost even as she shrieks inside my head.
I flow into wolf and use my teeth to free her from her clothes. She growls at me. 
(are you okay?)
(fuck you)
She’s angry. It’s boiling off of her. I decide to ignore it and instead, once she is free from her nasty pants and everything else, I bolt off toward Martin’s trailer.
(Martin)
(Martin wake up)
(who’s martin?)
The broad sweep of headlights passes over the cage area and I dive under Martin’s trailer. Misty follows me. Not happily.
I watch a black truck pull into the area near the cage. Ben climbs out of the passenger seat and walks around to the back, where his men have someone tied up.
(what happened to escaping?)
(If it’s another woman, we need to help her)
Misty seethes. She wants out, and I don’t blame her. But I have to see. And I want to pull Martin out if I can. And the others. 
They are my pack.
The wind shifts and I can smell blood. 
I can also smell that it isn’t a woman.
(blood)
I glance over at Misty. Saliva drips from her jowls. A new wolf has a lot less control than an older wolf, and Misty has also been starving for weeks. If I don’t stop her, she will run out there and expose both of us.
(STAND DOWN)
She whimpers.
The men haul their hostage from the truck bed. He’s grown, but his slight build makes him appear young, maybe late teens or early twenties. He staggers when he hits the ground.
“This could be easy, or it could be hard, Jeff,” says Ben. “You could tell me what I want to know, and we could fix you up real nice, take care of that gunshot wound. We’ve got doctors here.”
Ben strolls around in front of the hostage. “Or, you could play with this nice little alpha bitch we’ve got here. She killed twelve of my men this afternoon. I’m sure she’ll make quick work of you.”
“I don’t know anything,” the kid named Jeff croaks.
He’s in bad shape. Major blood loss. I don’t think the bullet hit anything vital but this didn’t happen just now. 
“My tracker here knows Daniel Connor’s scent. He smelled it on you. We’ve got his cousin here, and we know he’s looking for her. So I will ask you again: Where is Daniel?”
“I don’t know!”
Ben shrugs. “That’s too bad. I guess you’ll get to have to fun with Miss Kayla. She’s every bit as vicious as Daniel is.”
He turns to head toward the cage, then stops. Then he lifts his nose to the air and inhales deeply. 
“Fuck,” he mutters, then snaps, “They’re gone. Both of them.”
Immediately, two of them growl and turn wolf.
Martin will have to wait. I run and Misty follows. 
“Find them!” Ben bellows. 
Around us, trailers of full of werewolves awaken and follow his order. Misty and I ran flat out, passing most of the trailers and tents long before anyone emerges. 
The air is thick with their alien stink. Misty isn’t as fast as me and I keep having to slow to allow her to keep up, even though I’m injured too. I try to remember that she’s been malnourished and beaten and has never been a wolf before. I’m still frustrated.
I stick to the wider roads, since there isn’t enough light to illuminate the trees and I know Misty isn’t as experienced as I am in running through the forest. But it quickly becomes apparent that she is going too slowly. We aren’t going to be able to outrun these guys.
Also, the road I chose seems to be looping around. Up ahead I can see the gleam of moonlight on the clearing where Ben and crew were threatening Jeff. 
Shit
There’s a body lying on the ground, and I don’t see anyone else around. The truck is gone. My ears flick: the sound of an engine.
A familiar engine.




-38-

My mom. My motherfucking MOM. I run faster as she leaps from the passenger side of Remy’s Jeep and looks around wildly. Aunt Jenny emerges next and is nearly knocked over by Daniel’s wolf barreling out of the back seat behind her. He races at me, legs churning so fast that for a split second I feel my heart go cold. He’s ready to attack me. 
Then he passes me, and as I turn I watch him pass Misty and then see him meet the swarm of wolves that are at Misty’s heels.
Remy’s wolf flies past before I’ve even turned around. Then my mom, and Aunt Jenny, and suddenly I’m following them. 
There are so many, and I’m so tired, but being with my pack invigorates me. I focus on one at a time. I’m in the open now. I’m uncaged. I’m a wild creature with fangs and claws and I know how to use them better than these newbies, these mutts with diluted blood, raised by humans.
I quickly tear through one of the wolves who’d spent the cage match drinking–slow, stupid man–and start toward an unfamiliar wolf before something stops me. I use up precious seconds to sniff, and realize this wolf smells like pack. 
Like Martin.
He blinks at me, then turns and helps Aunt Jenny with a gray wolf that has his teeth in her back. Martin bites the back of the wolf’s neck–not the best move, when the jugular was right there for the taking–but it gets the gray wolf to let go of Jenny, and then she is able to finish him. 
Looking over my shoulder, I look at the wolves still fighting. There seem like a lot, but some are just standing around, not joining the attack on Daniel. I’m confused for a moment, until I recognize them. Phil, Terry, Laura, Mike–they all fight for me. Did I give this command? Or did they simply realize who I was, and wait among Ben’s pack for me to find them?
(Fight–fight–kill everyone who hurt you)
My command sparks something in those wolves standing there dumbly. They turn to Ben’s wolves and attack. I can tell the degree to which each has been tortured by their ferocity. Laura, her wolf a golden yellow, goes straight for a gray wolf with one eye. The blood from his jugular sprays three feet in the air.
With Daniel ripping through Ben’s pack like they’re rabbits, and the rest of my pack mobilized and evening out the odds, I turn my attention back to Misty and the body on the ground near the Jeep. 
Misty has lain down near the boy. She has remained wolf, as if she feels somewhat safer in her new form. I pad up to the boy.
In the dim moonlight, I recognize him as Alex Lo. Then I blink and see that it’s someone else. His hair is much longer than Alex’s. His nose is sharper, his face narrower. 
I lick his neck. My tongue feels a pulse. My nose smells blood, so much blood. He may not survive the night.
I turn human and lean over him. “Jeff?” I ask. 
He moans and cracks open his eyes. He seems to focus on me for a moment, just a moment, before his eyes slip closed again and his head falls to the side.
Misty watches me with her own eyes half-closed.
“Well, well, well,” says a male voice behind me.
I change to wolf as I whirl around to face that voice. That voice I’d recognize anywhere. I growl at the tall, dark-haired man smirking at me from a face full of stubble. He wears a pair of worn jeans and a white t-shirt, barefoot, so casual, like he’s just going to relax on the couch.
“Oh, you want to play?” he asks.
His t-shirt starts to move, and hair begins sprouting up along his arms and from under the collar. His canine teeth grow and transform his face into a wicked smile that is horrifyingly unnatural. 
I stare in horror at his transformation. I should attack–I know I should do it, now, while he’s vulnerable, but something in the way he is transforming is so slow and controlled that I wonder if he really is vulnerable. He seems to relish the way his limbs lengthen and narrow and contort. 
I watch, frozen, and then I do that one thing I never imagined I would do.
(Mom)
The word is full of much more than just the word. It is full of warning and a call for help and underneath I am screaming, “IT’S MATTHEW.”




-39-

“You want to play?” 
I stood in the doorway of our living room and glared at the guy sitting on the couch, Xbox controller in his hands. Matthew wasn’t bad looking, for one of Mom’s boyfriends: full head of hair, all of his teeth, and his stomach didn’t hang over the waist of his jeans. Unfortunately he seemed to know it, and it set my teeth on edge.
“No, thank you,” I said frostily. “Haven’t you heard that video games rot your brain?”
He narrowed his eyes and smiled at me. “Don’t know where you learned to be such an ice princess,” he said.
I kept my face frozen. I knew exactly what he was saying, and I certainly didn’t like it, but considering that I shared the same opinion, I had nothing to say in my mother’s defense.
Every night I heard them, going at it. Like they weren’t even trying to be quiet. It kept me up at night, to the point where I’d bought some big headphones, the insulated kind that really blocked out all sound, and the moment I heard the bed start creaking I would put them on and spend the next few hours staring at the screen of my laptop with scratchy eyes.
No sleep=grumpy Kayla.
I didn’t ask why Matthew was there in our living room instead of at work. Mom said he was “freelance” which was apparently the same thing as unemployed, except he’d occasionally get a phone call and leave for a few days. “I think he’s a hit man,” I had told Sissy and Melanie at school. “He never says where he’s going or how long he’ll be.”
Now, I left Matthew to his Xbox and went to my room, flopped onto my bed. Grabbed my favorite blanket, the one that had been Gram’s. The sunlight was coming through my window just right, and I felt my eyes start to slip closed, just like they had been doing all through History class earlier that afternoon.
“Hey.”
Matthew’s voice made me near jump out of my skin. My whole body jerked, and I bolted upright.
“Can I help you,” I snapped.
He smiled that smug smile and leaned against my door frame. He took up the whole doorway, and I suddenly felt trapped.
“Why are you always so mean to me?” he asks, then steps into my room.
I instinctively recoiled.
“See? Sometimes I just get the feeling that you don’t like me.” 
There was something weird about the way he was smiling at me. Almost like... no, I didn’t want to let that thought live. 
Like he was flirting with me.
I shuddered.
“I mean, I haven’t done anything wrong, have I?”
“No,” I said.
Matthew nodded and took another step into my room. My bedroom wasn’t exactly huge, and I tried not to visibly cringe away from him. 
show no weakness
“Good. I’ve got a little surprise for your mother later on, and I’d like for you to remember that. I’m the good guy here.”
“Okay...” I said slowly. All I wanted was for him to leave my room.
He didn’t.
He lingered, looking at me. It happened quickly, but I caught the way his eyes flicked up and down over my body. “Too bad you aren’t just a couple years older,” he said finally, with a shrug. “Or if you had a few older sisters.”
On that note, he sauntered out of my room. I listened while he went into the kitchen and popped open another beer. Then his game unpaused and the sounds of video game war filled the silence.
I couldn’t figure out what he had meant by his parting statement. Too bad I didn’t have any older sisters? It sounded completely perverted. Like if I had been eighteen, he would have been dating me and not my mother.
Crazy that I hadn’t even thought of it before, but Matthew was younger than my mother. Not too much younger. Mom was in her late thirties, and Matthew, if I had to guess, was at most thirty-five. To me it didn’t seem like a big deal. They were both old. 
The idea of a thirty-five-year-old man being interested in anyone under the age of twenty was disgusting.
I couldn’t even think about napping after that. I got up, did my homework, read a book.
Mom got home from the diner a little after five, and I heard Matthew snap off his video game and greet her. “Let’s go out for dinner,” he said.
“Ugh, I’m tired,” Mom said.
“Come on...” I listened while Matthew convinced my mother to go out. And then I listened to them get ready, and then Mom popped her head into my room to tell me they were going out for dinner, and I could make some mac and cheese for dinner or whatever.
Not even money for pizza, I thought.
The hours alone were glorious. No Matthew in the other room. No Mom on my back. In retrospect, I should have enjoyed those hours more.
At quarter past nine, hours before I expected them to come home, the door to the house slammed open. I jumped and my laptop crashed to the floor. “Shit,” I muttered, picking it up. 
“What’s so bad about me saying I have to think about it?” Mom yelled. Her purse made the jingly sound of coins and keys as she threw it onto the table.
“What’s so bad? What, you don’t think I’m good enough for you?” Matthew roared. “I saw the parade of losers you dated before I came along. You’re lucky I found you.”
“Lucky? I’m lucky? And who says you found me? Maybe I found you!” Mom’s words came out before she could fully comprehend what Matthew had just said.
I peered out of my bedroom. My heart was hammering in my chest, and all I wanted to do was hide, but I wanted to protect my mother. 
“You were watching me,” Mom said slowly. “You were watching me?” Mom was watching Matthew warily now. “Not me...”
She took a step back. 
“Us. You were watching us.”
Matthew’s mouth curved into a nasty sneer. “That’s right. I picked you. And you should be grateful.”
“Grateful? What for?” I demanded, stepping forward. Sometimes I just never know when my mouth is going to open. “For having a man-sized lump sitting on our couch for the past four months?”
“Go to your room, Kayla,” Mom said in a quiet voice that was a bit too trembly for me to obey.
“Kayla,” Matthew drawled.
“You don’t touch her,” Mom snarled.
I took a step back. Now Mom’s voice had authority.
“Remember our little talk, Kayla?” Matthew asked. “Remember what I said?”
“You said you were the good guy,” I said doubtfully.
“That’s right.” He turned to my mom again. “I’m the good guy, Julie. I’m trying to do things the nice way.”
“Do what the nice way?” I asked. I still hadn’t figured out exactly what Matthew’s great surprise for my mom was.
“He asked me to marry him,” Mom said flatly.
“You’re too good to marry me, huh? Maybe you’d rather marry some drunk asshole like your dead husband?”
Mom flinched, and so did I. Dad may have liked his liquor, but he wasn’t an asshole. Even after two years it still hurt to think about him.
“Or would you rather wait for someone better to come along? Someone with a little more power than me? Maybe you want to wait around for Geo himself to come calling, show up on your doorstep with a fucking bouquet of red roses? Let me tell you something, honey. They sent me because I’m the only one who can be remotely charming. I’m the only one who would have treated you right.”
Mom’s mouth had dropped open. “Geo?” she whispered. “You work for Geo?”
“Work for... Live for... same difference,” Matthew snarled. “Come on. Please tell me you knew. Tell me you had some fucking clue.”
At that point Mom turned to look at me. When she had first brought Matthew home, I had complained about his smell. “It isn’t bad, exactly,” I had said. “It’s just not right.”
“He smells fine,” Mom had responded.
“Not that any of your other boyfriends smelled any better.”
“Really. Tell me about it,” Mom had snapped, and while I knew she was being sarcastic and didn’t actually want a response, I went right on ahead and answered.
“Vinnie: Cigarette smoke and whiskey. Terry: B.O. Sweat. Cologne. Beer. Owen: Grease. Oil. Car fumes. Axe body spray. Darren: Scotch, onions, and jock sweat. Totally different from regular armpit sweat. Or even stomach sweat.”
“Enough,” Mom had said in that tone that meant she was pissed. After a moment, however, she asked, “You can really smell all that?”
“Yup.”
“And Matthew?”
“Mostly he smells... like a guy. But there’s this other scent... I don’t know what it is, it just smells wrong to me.”
Now I understood why Matthew smelled wrong. He wasn’t pack. He was a werewolf but he wasn’t part of our pack.
“You really didn’t know.” Matthew gave a short laugh. “Did you even know I was a werewolf?”
Mom didn’t say anything.
Matthew laughed now. Big and loud. And Mom reached out and slapped him across the face.
Just like that, Matthew went from laughing to pissed. His hands shot out and wrapped around Mom’s throat. I saw her mouth open and try to suck in air, and her hands started flopping.
For long moments I didn’t know what to do. I wanted Mom to fight him off. She was strong. She could turn into a wolf and bite him. Why didn’t she? Her fear infected me; I wasn’t as good at keeping our thoughts separate back then, and even now the intensity of it would have broken down all my walls.
I watched as Matthew pushed her up against the wall, and held her there with one hand pressing against her throat, while his knee separated her legs and the other hand moved to slide up her skirt.
I knew the second Mom knew he was going to rape her. Her fear charged into me and turned into rage. 
Matthew turned slightly to look at me, and I realized it was because I was growling. And I was also now a wolf, my favorite pajama pants puddled on the floor surrounded by the scraps of my tank top.
enemy must kill
I lunged at him.
He grabbed my mother and swung her around in front of him like a human shield. I skidded to a stop on the hardwood floor. Matthew had his arm around Mom’s neck now, so tight she could barely breathe.
“Nice kid you got there, Julie,” Matthew said, trying to sound derisive but unable to cover the slight tremble in his voice or the sweat on his upper lip. “A little too much spirit if you ask me. I can only imagine what Geo will do to her when he gets his hands on her. I wasn’t allowed to have her, that was one of the rules. See what you missed out on? See how I’m the good guy here?”
“A good guy who needed to be told not to go after a fifteen-year-old?” Mom wheezed. “Yeah, you’re a real Prince Charming.”
“You really missed out on a great opportunity,” Matthew continued, as if Mom hadn’t spoken. “You could have joined us willingly. Kayla would have been mated with the most powerful, ancient werewolf on the North American continent. And now...” He laughed. “Now you’re all fucked. Literally.
“Of course if this didn’t work out,” Matthew snarled into Mom’s ear, “Geo has a backup plan. More than one backup plan. You are going to join us. You could have joined us as my wife, and we could have been the fucking Brady Bunch. Instead, you’ll join us in chains, and you’ll breed for us until your fucking uterus falls out, and then we’ll kill you.”
Matthew now turned his full gaze on me. “Unless the little bitch here is smarter than her mother?”
In response I growled and snapped my teeth at him.
“I should have tried for your sister,” he said to my mom. “You know, a rebound thing. She hasn’t been sleeping with the entire town of Wolf Point.”
“Get out of my house,” Mom growled in a voice not totally human.
Matthew laughed. “Just try to turn wolf now, Julie. Your throat will be crushed.”
Then he reached up and squeezed my mother’s breast as he glared at me. “No more Mr. Nice Guy,” he whispered. “I’ll have you, and then I’ll have your daughter while you watch.” He squeezed harder until a whimper escaped Mom’s throat.
I sprang at his feet and bit his leg. With Mom’s weight he was off-balance and both of them fell. My teeth were in him, and I shook my head, wanting to rip the flesh from his very bones.
“Gah!” He was on top of my mother, and he reached over her to grab the leg of a chair. Then he swung it at me. I darted out of the way to avoid getting hit in the face. Instead, the chair leg caught me in the ribs and stole my breath and sent me sprawling across the kitchen floor.
“Fucking bitch,” Matthew spat. He turned back to Mom, and for a moment–as I scrabbled to my feet–he looked at her like he was going to kiss her. Then he brought his fist down into her face. The back of her skull hit the floor with a wet crack.
Matthew got up, and he wasn’t even looking at me. Like I wasn’t a threat.
That made me even angrier.
He didn’t know me. He didn’t know my family. He didn’t know Dad liked to keep guns around the house, or maybe he did, but I don’t think he counted on how fast I could turn human and open the drawer where we kept our dish towels and dig out a Colt .44 double-action revolver. Matthew had never helped Mom with the dishes.
“Get out of this house,” I said, pointing the gun at him.
His head snapped up, and he glared at me. “You won’t use that, princess.”
“I can and I will,” I said. 
He laughed. “Please. Little girl like you can’t handle a gun.”
“I might be a little rusty,” I said, “but I assure you I know how to shoot. My daddy taught me.”
“Your daddy was a werewolf.” Matthew took a step toward me. “What use did he have for guns?”
“Don’t take another step.”
“You really think you can pull that trigger?” 
And he took a step.
I squeezed the trigger and the shot went a little wider than I’d meant it to, which means it caught him in the shoulder and spun him around. He staggered and tripped over Mom’s feet.
“Fuckin’ bitch!” he roared.
I crossed the kitchen and stood over him, buck naked and pointing the gun at his face. “Like I said, I’m a little rusty, but I think I could blow your brains out from here.”
His eyes moved down my body. He licked his lips.
“Come on, now, honey. Don’t you want the most powerful werewolf in the country between those legs? He wants you, you know. He wants a nice young girl to carry his heir. Isn’t that what you want? Rich husband, have lots of babies, be a mom... Come on. You put that gun down, I’ll call Geo right now and tell him. All this will be forgotten.” He smiled at me. There was blood spattered across his face. 
“Somehow, I really doubt that.” I shook the gun at him. “Now get the fuck out of my house.”
He snarled, but slid himself away with his elbow, then staggered to his feet. “Just wait till Geo hears about this,” he said. “You’ll regret it.”
“If you don’t move toward the door any faster, you’ll regret it,” I snapped.
Yanking the door open, he glared at me one last time. “The next time you see my face, I’m going to be raping you,” he said.
I fired the gun again. It hit the door frame and bits of wood exploded through the empty air. 
Matthew was gone.
For almost half an hour I sat beside my mother, the door locked and barricaded with furniture behind me, the gun slippery in my sweaty hands, begging Mom to wake up, crying and shaking and wanting to grab the phone and call Aunt Jenny and make sure she was okay, but I couldn’t move. My legs wouldn’t hold me.
Aunt Jenny came over on her own, and I nearly shot her. 
Geo had so easily infiltrated us. Someone who wanted only to force our hands had smiled and we had believed it. We were not strong. 
“We need Daniel,” Mom said, and I began to believe we did. Geo hadn’t even considered attacking us with three males in our pack. After my first change, I had been told fairy tales about how our blood made us stronger than other wolves. That was how we could survive with so few in our pack. We needed a male protector.
I had seen Matthew force my mother so easily. My mother hadn’t even fought. I hated him for the fear he created in me, and in my mother. She had always seemed so strong, especially where Aunt Jenny had seemed so weak.
We stayed in a hotel that night. 
The night after that, Mom and Aunt Jenny sent me off after Daniel.
All alone, in the dark, I imagined I heard Matthew coming after me. I heard his parting words to me again and again, and saw him in my nightmares.
“The next time you see my face, I’m going to be raping you,” he had said.
And here was his face.




-40-

A blur of tan flashes by me, and I am snapped out of my memories. 
Mom.
She runs at Matthew and blindsides him. Head on, teeth bared, she barrels into his side, knocking him off balance. He tries to swipe his half-transformed hand at her, but as a half-man, half-wolf, he’s clumsy and she easily avoids his reach. Instead, she darts in and out, a chunk from his calf muscle here, a bite out of his arm there. He’s struggling to change, but I can only imagine how difficult it would be when being attacked. 
I want to help Mom, but my feet remain rooted in the ground. 
he will hurt me he will hurt her
How had I managed to stand up to Matthew before? How had I managed to move? 
I feel outside of myself. I need to help her. 
the next time you see my face I’ll be raping you
All this time I thought I would be so angry when I finally found him. All this time I thought I would get revenge. I would get him back for what he did to my mother. I would torture him and make him feel pain and then I would kill him. 
And now I can’t move. 
As I’m floundering, staring at Mom dancing around him, wishing I was helping her, Mom ducks under Matthew’s arm and rips into the flesh of his stomach.
A stew of dark blood and soft innards spills to the ground. 
He howls, a sound which is cut off when she rips out this throat.
It is only as he gags and drowns in his own blood that I feel my muscles relax. And with that sudden relaxation comes a sense of crushing defeat. 
Mom beat her fears. I did not.
She looks at me suddenly, as if she can sense my thoughts. Her muzzle is coated with blood. I turn away and survey the others.
The battle has scattered. Small groups struggle and fight and run. I can’t see Daniel or Remy in the darkness, but I know they are together. Aunt Jenny is protecting Misty from several wolves, and Martin is helping her.
Behind me I hear car doors slamming, and the truck roars off down the road, Ben’s face barely visible in the rearview mirror. 
My wolf wants me to chase the vehicle. Knowing I won’t be able to catch up on foot, I instead go to help Aunt Jenny and Martin. Two wolves are harassing them, growling and threatening with their size but not much else. They don’t even notice me coming up behind them until I am beside the brown one. He looks at me, and then I rip his throat out. Aunt Jenny uses this distraction to rip out the other’s throat. 
The taste of blood in my mouth makes me feel ill.
I move on to the next group. It’s Anna, wrestling with one of the guys who had been in the pen with me toward the end. I wait for the choice moment and dart in and take a chunk out of his abdomen, pulling his intestines out and strewing them upon the ground while he dies. 
I move on. Kill again. And again. And again.




-41-

My exhaustion bleeds out into the ground. It’s cold and hard yet somehow also the most comfortable place I’ve ever been.
Here, beside the unconscious boy. 
I crawled up to his side and stared at his peaceful face. A peace smeared with blood and battered with bruises. 
Eventually everyone regroups near Remy’s Jeep. I listen to their tired footsteps dragging near and don’t move. Can’t move. 
“Kayla?” Mom says.
She has turned human and put on clothes that she had brought along in the Jeep. I wonder how many of the others are now human. How many have dressed, cleaned up, sanitized while I have lain on the ground and maybe slept and maybe blanked out.
Mom strokes my head.
I close my eyes.

When I wake up I am in the Jeep. In the back, on the floor. Mom and Remy sit up front. They are not talking; the radio is playing softly some kind of classic rock. I lift my head as quietly as I can and look at the boy lying across the backseat. 
Where did he come from? Whose side is he on? His mind is a big dark blank. Kind of nice. His smell, on the other hand, is not a blank. It isn’t like Matthew’s smell of other. Yet if he is a part of my pack, I can’t feel the pull of him. 
Deep inhale from his sweatshirt. 
forest sweat metal blood grief




-42-

By the time we get to the major highways, I am human again. Mom had some clothes for me, and I squeeze into the back so I don’t disturb the boy. Jeff. His name is Jeff, I suddenly remember.
Jeans and a t-shirt and that fisherman sweater. As I stretch to push my arms through the sleeves, I feel every bruise and cut on my torso. No black and blue, just red where the open wounds are starting to heal. My ribs are another story. They definitely hurt more than just a bruise. But I can already take deep breaths without wincing, so maybe those are healing, too.
I crouch in the floor area of the back and lean over the center console. “How is everyone else getting back?” I ask.
Remy jerks his head to gesture behind us. “We’ve got a convoy.”
The Jeep’s rear window is basically a piece of plastic, and I peer through it. A line of assorted SUVs and trucks follow us, about six in total. “Where did they all come from?”
“There were a lot of cars at the campground.” Mom shrugs. “So we took them.”
“How many? Not cars,” I ask.
“About ten.”
“I thought there were more.”
Mom looks out the window. “Ten that survived.”
“Oh.” Awkward silence. “Were any of them left?”
“A truck load of them got away. Maybe some others. None of them were left in the campground, that we could find trace of.”
“That’s good, then.”
No one says anything for a few miles. I watch the trees, think about how hungry I am.
Suddenly Mom snaps, “Kayla, how could you do that?” 
I flinch. “Do what?” 
nothing. you did nothing.
“Go off on your own like that?” Her voice is filled with annoyance and anger. Like I should have known that’s what she meant. 
“Oh.” My voice is tiny.
“You have a pack. We stick together because it’s safer that way. You are the alpha. You have responsibilities. What the hell were you thinking running off? Right into their hands. Do you have any idea what they could have done to you? Of course you do. You know. And yet you did it anyway. You are not invincible, Kayla.”
I don’t know what to say except, “I know.”
I know now. I’m not invincible. 
“Of course you do. You’re a teenager. You know everything.” Mom huffs and folds her arms over her chest.  
That’s my cue to retreat, sliding back from the center console, curling up in the foot space of the backseat. I rest my head on the seat beside Jeff’s shoulder. 
He doesn’t look like Alex Lo. His hair is longer than Alex’s buzz cut. Looks like he hasn’t had a proper haircut in a long time. His skin is darker, browner. A tan? Has he been living outside? 
Resting my head on the seat, I put my nose close to Jeff’s shoulder, close my eyes, and inhale. 
blood dirt forest blood fresh blood
I lift my head and look at him. He’s bleeding, right now he’s bleeding. He was shot, I remember that from last night.
I reach up and unzip his hooded sweatshirt. The t-shirt underneath is barely white anymore. Some dirt, and the whole front is crusted with brown, dried blood. After a glance back to see that Mom is glaring out the window with her arms folded over her chest, I scoot over and lift up the bottom the t-shirt. 
The fabric doesn’t stick to his skin–a good sign. Underneath, his torso is wrapped in bandages and gauze. Blood has seeped through, but not a lot. It makes the shape of a small circle. Someone must have bandaged him up before we left the campground. 
Gingerly, I touch the skin on his stomach. The muscles beneath are firm and warm. 
I jerk my hand away and pull Jeff’s shirt back down, then sit with my back resting against the door. At this angle, I can see Remy’s left arm in the space between the seat and the driver’s side door. 
Only a moment of rest and I can feel every hurt in my body. I wasn’t shot up like Jeff here, but I nearly got my ass handed to me several times today. 
I lean my head back and try to ignore how the bumpy roads make the back of my skull slam back. 
thud thud thud thud thud




-43-

There most definitely is not enough space for fifteen people at our shitty little cabin in the woods. 
Misty and a couple others too exhausted to complain shuffle out of the vehicles and into the cabin and claim the first soft-ish looking place they saw to collapse back into sleep. Others like Terry and Mike, however, look around doubtfully. Like,
(we traded that for this?)
Terry, a brawny guy with a full head of reddish hair and a matching bushy beard, looks at Mike in surprise. Mike doesn’t seem to notice anything wrong as he surveys the cabin with his arms crossed. His plaid flannel shirt is ripped in several spots, revealing bits of his golden brown skin and firm muscles.
“Did you just say something?” Terry asks.
Mike looks at Terry in surprise. “No.”
“You did. I heard you. And, frankly, it was really rude.”
“Hey, man, mind your own business.” Mike’s arms aren’t crossed anymore. They’re at his sides, balled up into fists.
The living room suddenly feels even smaller.
“Whoa, there, fellas,” Mom says, coming between them. “We all heard what Mike was thinking. That happens in a pack.”
Terry and Mike look at my mother with a mix of confusion and sudden realization that a female was in their midst.
Mom takes a deep breath and explains. “Those guys may have turned you, but you were connected to Kayla somehow, and part of our pack. So you haven’t had the benefit of hearing the thoughts of your packmates until now.”
“So everyone’s gonna know what I’m thinking now?” Mike says. “Shit.”
“You can control it,” Mom says.
Martin grabs my arm. I’d been standing against the wall, sorta hoping no one would notice me, watching as Daniel and Remy carried Jeff into the bedroom.
“Kayla,” he says, his voice panicky. “There isn’t any soap by the sink.”
Oh, Martin. I sigh. “There should be some in the bathroom.”
“I need to–I need to–” He wrings his hands.
“Just go wash up in the bathroom, Martin,” I say.
He hurries off, glancing around with wide eyes at his new surroundings, spooking at anything resembling dirt.
I should do something. It’s overwhelming, though, and as I look around I don’t know what I can do. Mom’s got her hands full with Mike and Terry and all their questions, which has drawn the attention of a few other people, and Aunt Jenny has unearthed a first aid kit and is going around to everyone asking if they have any injuries. 
I peel myself off the wall and weave my way into the bedroom. Daniel and Remy are having a low-voiced discussion and stop when I walk in.
“Hi,” I say in what is possibly the most awkward way ever.
“Hi,” Daniel says.
I raise my eyebrows.
Remy jerks a thumb toward Jeff. “Dan and I were discussing this one.”
“Jeff,” I say. “His name is Jeff.”
“He smells like Zeke,” Daniel says.
Am I missing something? “Who’s Zeke?”
“Zeke, my friend Zeke. I told you about him.”
Vague memory. “Okay. So, Jeff smells like Zeke?”
“He doesn’t smell like pack,” Remy states, folding his arms.
Uh-oh. Daniel’s fists are clenching and unclenching and I’m suddenly feeling nervous, like Daniel’s quiet anger is pumping directly into my veins.
“Zeke was in my pack. So maybe that’s why he doesn’t smell like your pack.” 
“Okay, guys, here’s the deal,” I say fast, before Remy can respond. “What we do know is that he isn’t one of Ben’s pack, which means he isn’t one of Geo’s. Let’s wait until he wakes up and then we can ask him about Zeke.”
“What if he killed Zeke?” Daniel asks. 
I blink against the surge of rage coming from him.
“If Zeke is your pack, you’d know if he died,” Remy shoots back. “And if Zeke is still part of your pack, then this guy would smell like your pack.”
“Hold on,” I say. “If Daniel was Zeke’s alpha, and I’m Daniel’s alpha, does that make Zeke part of my pack?”
“Yes.” Remy looks at Daniel as if daring him.
“Okay. So Zeke should smell like pack. But if this guy smells like Zeke, but he doesn’t smell like pack...” I trail off. None of the possibilities are good.
“Then this guy was either one of the guys who grabbed him,” Remy says, “or he met Zeke at some later point.”
“No, Ben said his tracker had smelled Daniel’s scent on him,” I tell them.
“How do they know what I smell like?” Daniel shakes his head and glares down at Jeff. “He must have done something to Zeke. That’s why I can’t feel Zeke anymore.”
“You... can’t feel him? At all?” I ask carefully, because Daniel’s anger level is bordering on the dangerous red zone. “And Zeke’s scent on him... that doesn’t smell like pack to you?”
Instead of answering, Daniel lunges at Jeff, grabs his shoulders, and starts shaking. “Wake up, you fucking bastard!”
Remy and I are on him before he can do too much damage. “Stop it, Daniel!”
“What’s going on in here?” Mom demands, running into the room.
“He killed Zeke!” Daniel half-growls.
“We don’t know that!” I yell. “We don’t know anything for sure until he wakes up!”
Jeff now lay crumpled up on the bed, his eyes closed. A limp rag doll.
“There is no good reason why he’s been shot and he smells like Zeke and Ben’s pack had him!” Daniel growls.
“And who’s to say he’ll tell us the truth when he does wake up,” Remy asks unhelpfully.
“Really?” I say to him.
“There is one thing we can do...” Remy says.
I wait. 
“One thing you can do.”
“What? What can I do? Do you have some other secret knowledge about alphas up your sleeve?”
Remy lifts one eyebrow like I should know the answer. “You can dreamwalk.”




-44-

My brain won’t stop racing. The anxious thoughts of everyone crammed in our cabin press in on me, so I grab a blanket and go outside and lay on the picnic table, looking up at the sky. It’s really too chilly to be doing this, and the bright sun just makes my tired eyes feel scratchy. Every so often I feel myself start to shake, and will myself to stop.
Every time I close my eyes, I am back at the campground with Matthew leering at me.
I should have done something. Said something. 
Now I feel my fists clench up, ready to fight. I force them to relax. My leg tense, ready to run. Why did I freeze?
I have never felt this way. Weak. Like a girl who can’t take care of herself. No, my mommy had to come in and rescue me. Before, I did the rescuing. I hadn’t frozen before. Why did I freeze last night? 
Moving my head, I wipe off the moisture that has leaked from my eyes. I am not crying, I tell myself.
Eventually I feel the dark blanket begin to soak up some of the sun, and my body heat warms up the inside of the blanket, and I begin to feel drowsy. 

“The next time you see my face, I’ll be raping you.”
I am naked and holding the gun and I just want to blow Matthew’s face off his head but when I pull the trigger nothing happens. Matthew was on his way out the door, holding his injured shoulder. At the sound of the clicking trigger, however, he cocks his head and turns back toward me. 
“I guess Daddy forgot to load your gun?” he says with a smirk. 
He begins to walk toward me.
I try to pull the trigger again, but it’s too heavy. My finger won’t work.
“Look at you.” His eye rove up and down my body and I now try to cover myself up. 
Then I hear another voice. “Hey.” It’s coming from behind me.
Matthew looks over my shoulder, confused, and I turn around.
It’s Jeff.
“Hey,” I say. It’s weird to see him conscious. Awake, and standing up, his clothes clean.
“Um, I’m Jeff,” he says.
“I know.” I want to smack myself in the forehead. “I mean, I’m Kayla.”
“Uh, do you need some help with this guy?” Jeff asks, nodding behind me.
I turn back to Matthew, who looks confused. 
“I’m pretty sure he’s dead in real life,” I say, and as the words come out of my mouth, chunks of his flesh begin to disappear. Blood oozes, and he watches in horror and pain as his body is ripped and slashed and bitten by unseen teeth. When his shirt and stomach are ripped open, he attempts to catch his own intestines in his hands. The organs slip and slide from between his fingers. His mouth hangs open as though he is too shocked to scream. Then his throat explodes and he collapses to his knees before his body collides to the floor, dead.
“Wow,” Jeff says.
“Yeah, my mom did that,” I say proudly.
He glances at where my mom is lying unconscious on the floor.
“Well, you know, dreams.” I shrug.
“Dreams,” Jeff says slowly. “I’m in your dream.”
“Yeah, I’m a dreamwalker,” I explain. “Although...normally I walk into other peoples’ dreams.”
“A dreamwalker.” Jeff looks at me, then quickly looks down at the floor. His cheeks are pink. “Um, do you think you dream up some clothes? You’re a little distracting.”
“Oh, yeah, sure,” I say. I go into my bedroom and throw on some pajamas and a hoodie, inhaling the scents, remembering this bedroom that doesn’t exist anymore. It’s only as I’m yanking the sweatshirt over my head that I ask myself what the hell I’m doing. If this is my dream, I should have been able to dream myself some clothes. My dream... I’ve never gone dreamwalking in my own dreams. Have I? Jeff is in my dream. 
I hurry back into the kitchen, where Jeff is now sitting on the counter, gazing curiously down at my mother.
“You’re a dreamwalker,” I say to him.
He looks at me. “Huh?”
“This is my dream. You walked into my dream. You’re a dreamwalker.”
“I guess. I mean, I’ve sort of had weird dreams like this before.”
“Yes. Because you’re a dreamwalker.”
“You said you were the dreamwalker.”
“I am. But you are too.”
Jeff appears thoughtful. “I guess that would explain a lot.”
“What did you think was happening?”
“I thought it was lucid dreams. Like, I can control what I’m doing just like if I’m awake, you know? I didn’t really think it was someone else’s dream, but now that you explain it that way... yeah. That must be it.”
“I’ve never met another dreamwalker,” I say, and I find myself smiling.
“Me neither. I mean, no one ever seemed to even remember I was in their dreams.” Jeff smiles back at me.
And I guess because this is my dream, the room brightens a little, and I suddenly know that it’s daytime and the sun is shining outside, and Matthew’s body is gone and so is my mother’s. It’s a sunny afternoon in the kitchen at the house I grew up in. It smells like pine and lemons and home.
Jeff’s forehead suddenly crinkles. “And you’re a werewolf, too?”
“Oh! Yeah. And I’m supposed to be asking you questions about Zeke. You know Zeke?”
“Zeke.” That one word is filled with so much worry. “Is Zeke okay?”
“I have no idea. Daniel wants to know what happened to Zeke. He thinks you kidnapped him and killed him. Or something.” I shrug. “I’m not sure why he thinks that, but you did get shot and Daniel says you smell like Zeke.”
“But you don’t know where he is right now?” Jeff asks.
“No. We were hoping you did.”
Jeff jumps down from the counter and grabs me by the shoulders. “We need to find him. We need to get him away from that psycho.”
“What are you talking about?”
“We have to–”
“Kayla, wake up.” I glance around, looking for this new voice, and find myself back on the picnic table. Daniel is shaking me. “Kayla? Wake up.”




-45-

“I’m awake, I’m awake. Geez,” I rub my face where it had rested against the wood planks. “What? I was trying to talk to Jeff.”
“Oh, sorry.” Daniel steps back a bit and stands awkwardly. “I, um, didn’t really think you were asleep at first. I just wanted to talk to you.”
I sit up, groaning. “Well, I’m pretty freaking tired.”
“Yeah... um, I felt a lot of... you know, what you went through.”
“Felt it?” Suddenly I’m not so tired. I’m remembering how I felt Daniel’s pain back on the train and afterwards. 
“Yeah. I guess it’s because of the mate bond?”
Oh, Jesus. “Daniel, we’re not... we’re not mated,” I tell him.
He looks confused. “But you said—”
“Apparently what I thought was wrong,” I say with a sigh. “Remy told me. It’s all pack bond stuff. Apparently I would have been able read my mother’s thoughts, or Aunt Jenny’s thoughts, but they had learned how to block it. And I would have been able to feel them too. Like I can feel almost everyone in the pack now.” 
“Oh. Um...” Daniel looks off into the trees. I squint at him, trying to hear what he’s thinking. I get nothing, and that worries me. 
“Daniel, what happened to you? After you... left. Me. After you left me. During that storm?”
“I’m sorry,” he says automatically. “Really, I just couldn’t handle it. I knew you could take care of yourself. You were so good at the wolf thing. And I just couldn’t—”
I hold up a hand. “Look, I get it. You weren’t ready to be an alpha. It’s a lot of pressure. But that’s not what I meant. After you left, and I came straight back home, I felt pain. It was really bad.”
Daniel sits down beside me on top of the picnic table. “Oh. That. I, uh, accidentally walked into a bear trap.”
“Wow.” I imagine those big jagged-tooth traps from cartoons. “Wasn’t expecting that.”
“I was pretty out of it. Hypothermia or something, probably. That was how I met Zeke. Him and his dad set the traps–I guess they were survivalists or something. He got me out of the trap and brought me to his house and took care of me for a while.”
That explained the pain in my leg, but not the pain in my side. “And what else happened?”
“Well...” Daniel winces at the memory. “I got shot, then fell on an axe blade.”
I bust out a laugh. “Sorry, that’s not funny. I guess I didn’t realize you were such a klutz.”
Daniel chuckles. “Yeah.”
“How did that even happen?”
“Basically Zeke’s father thought I was going to attack him, he told Zeke to shoot me. I was holding an axe and I fell on it. After that he put me in the barn while I healed because he didn’t think I was a good influence on Zeke.”
“Oh, I remember that.”
“How did you... oh, yeah. You were actually there, that time I dreamt about you.”
“Yeah.” 
The silence returns. I still get nothing but static from Daniel’s head.
“You learned how to block me.”
He blushes a little. “Yeah, Remy taught me... He said it was like I was yelling in his head.”
“Your thoughts are pretty loud. Not anymore. But they were.”
He looks down, then glances at me sideways. “Was it... me? You don’t want to be with me? Because it wasn’t good?”
Now it’s my turn to blush a little. “No! That wasn’t it at all. Back then I thought that was what was supposed to happen. My mom and your mom and Grammy all telling me my whole life that I was going to be your wife. Your mate. I thought this was what was going to happen no matter what. So I tried really hard. And for that moment, I thought that was what I wanted. But... we’re cousins. First cousins. It’s illegal, I think. It never really felt right to me.” I look at him. “I mean, didn’t you ever question it?”
“Well, yeah. It just seemed weird. I guess I never got the whole ‘you’re going to grow up and marry your cousin’ speech or whatever you got. It was all new. I felt like you wanted to be with me. You know. When we had sex.”
“At that moment in time I did,” I tried to explain. “But now I’m realizing it was all a mistake. You know? Our parents grew up so isolated, they don’t know half of what’s real about being a wolf. Everything they told me about it was wrong. They have this idea that if we keep our bloodlines pure, or whatever, that makes us stronger wolves. Maybe it does, but it’s also incest. It’s wrong, Daniel.”
“I know,” he says softly, looking at his hands. “I guess I’m just wondering if you realized all this after you decided you wanted to be with Remy.”
“Oh, God,” I moan, because throughout this whole conversation all I can think about is being with Jeff. “I think I had a bit of a crush on him, but he’s old. I can’t be with him.”
“Really?” Daniel looks incredulous. “That’s not what he said. Or your mom.”
Suddenly I’m pissed. I spring from the picnic table and stalk into the cabin.
“Wait, Kayla, don’t tell them I said—” Daniel’s voice trails off behind me.
I enter the bedroom, where Mom and Remy are talking next to the bed. At my arrival, the two look up guiltily. I glare at them for a moment. 
“Are you two planning my wedding?” I demand.
“What? No!” Remy says quickly.
“Kayla, honey, we only want what’s best for you,” Mom says at the same time.
For a moment I cannot even speak, I am so furious. My finger jabs at Remy. “You are a liar.” Turning to my mother, I jab again. “And you do not control my life.”
Remy attempts to speak. “We’re not—” 
“Shut up!” I scream. “You don’t get to choose for me! I get to choose. Me! And I’m only fifteen fucking years old and I’m not marrying that cousin,” I fling one arm toward the doorway where Daniel stands frozen like a deer, “or that cousin,” I jab my finger at Remy again, “or anybody! I’m not getting married to anyone I’m related to! I’m not getting married to Geo! I’m not fucking doing it!” I inhale so I can scream all the louder, “You can’t make me!”
 There is stunned silence, then my mother opens her mouth.
I don’t want to hear it. I turn and barrel past Daniel and out the back door and run. 
I’m a mile away before I even realize I’ve shifted into wolf.




-46-

Here, far away, deep among the trees and the dirt and rocks and the budding flowers and grass and leaves, here I can finally breathe. 
I’ve run out all my anger, and now I’m left with the fallout. I’m supposed to be the alpha. All those new people, they all heard me, their leader, throw a tantrum. 
At the same time, I still feel justified. 
I should have a future. I should be able to choose my future, especially if I’m the alpha. 
I dropped out of school because my mother told me to find Daniel. My mother doesn’t have a college fund for me. So, college won’t be my future. No career. 
And marriage? That’s the one thing left for me to choose?
All my life everyone acted like Daniel and I were going to end up together. It wasn’t really said. I remember playing house with Daniel when we were little. He’d be the dad, and I’d be the mom. Could be that he was just the only person my age who would play with me–we didn’t have many other friends. Could be that I had already picked up on how everyone around us expected us to mate.
That one time, when I watched Daniel fight, that was the one time I truly looked at him and admired him. It was sexy and it turned me on and what happened after felt like what I had always imagined. That we were both powerful and together we would rule.
After he ran away, all that was lost. Enter Remy. Remy seemed like everything I could want in a mate. He was intelligent, strong, and grounded. And hot. If it had just been that, I might have gone along with Mom and Aunt Jenny’s plan for me to mate with him. 
There’s just the little matter of him also being my cousin. Second cousin, still my cousin. And it didn’t feel equal. He was older, and knew so more about being wolf. 
If there’s one thing I don’t like, it’s being made to feel weak or stupid.
Jeff is a chance at something new. Maybe I’m just transferring my feelings for Alex Lo onto him. He is unconscious, after all. At the moment I can only consider my desire for Jeff to be a crush. Which makes my tantrum feel even more like a tantrum. 
I just want a chance to make my own choices. I’ve proven that I’m an alpha, and a leader. I rescued all those people from Ben, didn’t I? 
Not in the best way, no. I could have taken Remy’s advice and been more careful. We could have come up with a better plan. Instead I practically had to be rescued myself.
As the sun begins to sink beyond the mountains in the distance, I allow myself to cry.
I was scared. Only luck had saved me. I could have just as easily ended up in Misty’s position. Matthew could just as easily have been able to follow through on his threat.
(Mom?)
(Mom, I’m sorry)
It’s a long moment before she answers.
(Oh, Kayla)
(I’m sorry I ran off, I’m sorry I couldn’t help you kill Matthew, I’m sorry, I’m sorry... I don’t think I can do this)
(you are not weak)
I sniff and stop crying (mostly) and listen.
(You are not weak. Weakness is not freezing instead of acting. Weakness is not about losing a fight.)
The colors in the sky are beautiful streaks of orange and red.
(You can cry and still be strong. You can change your mind and still be strong. Sometimes I forget how young you are and how much you’ve been through. I forget how when I was fifteen, I dated a different boy every week. You’re right, you’re too young for me to pressure you into marriage.)
(I know you don’t want me to marry Geo. I don’t know why I said that.)
(There have been times when I wondered if it might not solve all our problems... But it is your choice. You shouldn’t have to marry either one of your cousins. It hasn’t exactly helped our pack any, has it)
I think of crazy Fallon Loupe, and Uncle Frank beating on Daniel. 
(No)
(But I still don’t understand why I froze... I didn’t freeze before. I saved you that time. Why couldn’t I do it again?)
(Maybe it was my turn to save you... My turn to show you that I’m not weak)
My lips wobble into a smile.
(You’re the strongest person I know, Mom)




-47-

I make my way home in the deep twilight. Sometimes I close my eyes and let my wolf senses guide me. There’s a fire going, wisps of smoke entering my nostrils. Remnants of grilled hamburgers, the sharp scents of pickle brine and mustard. I smell these things strongest with my grumbling stomach, but there are other smells: the dark musk of urine that is vaguely comforting–members of my pack marking our territory. 
The moon has risen by the time I get to the cabin. I turn human and slip in through the back door, avoiding the creaky boards. Everyone is sleeping. As I pass through the main room, where most everyone is sprawled on the floor and on any available surface, I sense a few minds lost in the grip of dreams, and send comfort their way. 
I slip into the bedroom with the purpose of finding clothes. Mom and Aunt Jenny sleep in their sleeping bags. Daniel lies curled up beside his mother. Two others on the floor also: a woman with short black hair and Phil, who I remember from dreamwalking was a nurse. I don’t remember the woman at all, but the way they sleep spooned together makes me think she might be Phil’s wife, or one of Ben’s pack who decided to defect with her boyfriend. 
Stepping over their legs, I carefully make my way to the bed.
The moonlight shines down through the sheet hung over the window and softly outlines Jeff’s face. I sit down slowly, trying to keep the mattress from creaking, and lean over him. I like his scent, even though it smells unfamiliar. His hair is matted to his head with old sweat and dirt. Ever so carefully, I reach up and run my fingers through it. It feels pretty gross, but I smile. 
He looks so peaceful. 
In my dream–our dream?–he was frantic. He said we needed to find Zeke. Something about a “psycho.” Did Geo have this Zeke kid? Jeff doesn’t look frantic now. He looks almost dead.
I consider lying here and trying to dreamwalk with him. If I do that, I probably ought to put some clothes on first. One glance at the bureau next to the bed, seeming so far away, makes me realize I don’t want to dreamwalk with Jeff. 
Before I can talk myself out of it, I lean down and press my lips against his. 
I almost giggle. It’s a little like kissing my hand to practice. I haven’t had too much practice at kissing, and I part my lips and let myself get really into it. I imagine Jeff is awake and kissing me back and running his hands through my hair. 
Then Jeff’s lips part and I pull back abruptly.
He looks up at me, eyes filled with confusion and amazement. 




About the Author

Kate Spofford lives in New Hampshire and works as a young adult librarian.  In her spare time she writes novels and trains for the circus.  She is the author of the Wolf Point series as well as two contemporary young adult novels, Bethany Caleb and The Art Kids.  

For more information, visit her online at http://www.katespofford.wordpress.com.

