



Sticks and Stones

Shawn McGuire


This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2014 Shawn McGuire
All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading, and/or electronic sharing of any part of this book without the written permission of the publisher is unlawful piracy and theft of the author’s intellectual property. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.

ISBN 978-0-9961035-1-0 (ebook)

Published by Brown Bag Books


www.Shawn-McGuire.com


Cover Design by Karri Klawiter
www.artbykarri.com






For Paul
For always believing in me.
Love you!




Everyone has a dark side. Mandy’s just moved in with her.

The last time sixteen-year-old Mandy Matteo broke a rule, her sister died. Since that day she has done only what is expected of her, but life as a goody-goody has made Mandy so boring her friends have all but abandoned her. And she’s given up on ever getting Ethan, the boy she’s liked forever, to notice her. Desperate, Mandy makes a wish to simply be happy.

Her wish is granted and happiness arrives in the form of Lexi, her childhood imaginary friend come to life. Magical wishes have conditions though: Once started, the wish cannot be altered or stopped. And once Mandy is truly content with her life again, Lexi must go back to where she came from. But Lexi loves being alive and she’ll do whatever it takes to stay that way.



Chapter One: Mandy
Chapter Two: Mandy
Chapter Three: Desiree
Chapter Four: Mandy
Chapter Five: Mandy
Chapter Six: Desiree
Chapter Seven: Mandy
Chapter Eight: Mandy
Chapter Nine: Mandy
Chapter Ten: Desiree
Chapter Eleven: Mandy
Chapter Twelve: Mandy
Chapter Thirteen: Desiree
Chapter Fourteen: Mandy
Chapter Fifteen: Desiree
Chapter Sixteen: Mandy
Chapter Seventeen: Mandy
Chapter Eighteen: Desiree
Chapter Nineteen: Mandy
Chapter Twenty: Mandy
Chapter Twenty-One: Desiree
Chapter Twenty-Two: Mandy
Chapter Twenty-Three: Mandy
Chapter Twenty-Four: Desiree
Chapter Twenty-Five: Mandy
Chapter Twenty-Six: Mandy
Chapter Twenty-Seven: Mandy
Chapter Twenty-Eight: Desiree
Chapter Twenty-Nine: Mandy
Chapter Thirty: Mandy
Chapter Thirty-One: Mandy
Chapter Thirty-Two: Desiree
Chapter Thirty-Three: Mandy
Chapter Thirty-Four: Mandy
Chapter Thirty-Five: Mandy
Acknowledgements
Other Titles by Shawn McGuire
About the Author


 Chapter One 

Mandy


It had been twelve years since I’d broken a rule. I found that life flowed along more easily if I didn’t rock the boat. Expectations were understood and outcomes predictable. Tonight was going to be different though. Tonight I’d step out of my carefully controlled comfort zone. If I wanted to have any friends at all, it was my only choice.
I’d promised Brooke and Crissy I’d go to the party tonight, even though it wasn’t my kind of thing and they knew it. But I really wanted the three of us to be together and this was what they agreed on. Besides, if I didn’t go I’d spend my sixteenth birthday alone.
Things weren’t going as planned though. Brooke had promised to pick me up at seven-thirty. At ten minutes to eight I’d received a text saying her brother had taken her car and she’d gotten a ride from someone else. So there I was, ready and willing and no way to get to the party.
Well, there was one way. My birthday present from my uncle, an old Ford Escape he’d been fixing up for months, was waiting in the barn for me. There was the minor detail that I didn’t have my license yet, but my road test was scheduled for tomorrow morning and I knew I’d pass. So what the heck, I was already stepping out of my box, what was one more step?
Brooke was supposed to bring me her silver sequined miniskirt so I was back at the I-have-nothing-to-wear stage. The whole time I stood there staring into my closet, an invisible Jiminy Cricket sat on my shoulder reminding me that I was breaking a rule. You know what happens when you break a rule.
“Yeah, yeah,” I said, flicking Jiminy to the floor, “civilizations collapse and planets implode. Alert the media, Mandy Matteo is about to break a rule.” But the room spun a little and my stomach flipped as those words came out of my mouth. I looked down to see if Jiminy was still there. He wasn’t, of course, so I called out, “It’s just one party. Mom won’t be home ’til Sunday. No one will ever know I took the Escape.”
Finally dressed in something other than sweats, I grabbed the “sweet sixteen” key ring from the rack by the front door, ran out to the barn, and hopped in the car. At the end of the driveway I paused, waiting for a sign that planets were in fact imploding. With my luck, the first party I ever went to would get busted. But no space debris fell out of the sky to block my path. My phone didn’t ring with Mama intuitively calling to ask what I was up to. No voice from above told me to turn away from the dark side I was about to cross into. So I pulled onto the county highway and headed for town.
Twenty minutes later, after much mental cursing at Brooke because her directions totally sucked, I managed to find the party. I saw the mass of cars first and then an amber glow coming from deep inside a grove of trees along the banks of the Mississippi River. Even though I’d never been to a party there before, I’d heard about the infamous Mosquito Island parties starting in middle school. While the place did have about a bazillion mosquitoes on any given summer night, it wasn’t an island. Guess that’s what happens when you name something while drunk.
The glow through the trees came from fires burning in pits in a big clearing. It created a really eerie effect. All the winter’s snow had melted, but the ground and trees were still bare (spring buds wouldn’t come for a few more weeks), so everything looked dead. It felt like I was walking into a Wiccan ritual of some kind. Then I got close enough to hear the music and the murmuring of dozens of voices and a lot of laughter. If it was a ritual, it was the happiest one ever.
“Mandy! You made it,” Brooke said when I tapped her on the shoulder. She threw her arms around me and knocked herself off balance. “How’d you get here?”
“I took the Escape. How many have you had?” I asked and cringed. Why did I always have to sound like such a mom?
“Couple. Not sure,” Brooke said with a shrug. “Wait. You took the Escape? Enzo said it was okay?”
“Nope,” I said and crossed my arms tight. I didn’t even want to think about that.
“Wow. A party and the risk of uncle wrath all on the same night.” Brooke gave me a hip bump. “I should’ve convinced you to come out with me a long time ago. Oh! Guess what? Ethan’s here.”
Ethan? And just that fast, stepping out of my very small do-nothing-wrong comfort zone and coming to a party was one-hundred percent worth it.
Brooke turned to face the crowd and hollered, “Everyone! It’s Mandy’s birthday!”
A few people turned and raised their red plastic cups and mumbled “Happy birthday,” but Brooke wasn’t satisfied. She teetered up onto a picnic table in her gray over-the-knee wedge boots. The silver sequined mini I was supposed to be wearing glittered in the light of the various fires. I prayed she wouldn’t bend over because Brooke was easily distractible and sometimes forgot to put on panties.
“Hel-lo!” She yelled louder and got more attention. Then she waved for me to come up on the table too.
“Brooke, get down. You’re going to hurt yourself,” I said and mentally smacked myself for being a buzz-kill.
I was there to have fun, to reconnect with my best friends. And since little of what I’d already done that night was typical me, what the heck. I climbed onto the table with her. Plus, being up there gave me the chance to scan the crowd for Ethan.
“Everyone, I need your attention for uno momento,” Brooke yelled, flinging an arm over my shoulders. Conversations got quieter and quieter until everyone was looking at her. “You all know Mandy, right? My best friend from elementary school?”
A murmur drifted through the crowd and a few people nodded or gave half-hearted waves. Some squinted like they were trying to place me and then went back to whatever they had been doing. Even though I knew most of them—they were the “it” crowd after all—the majority of them clearly didn’t know me. What was I doing here? What difference would it make that Brooke said it was okay? I was setting myself up for humiliation. I should leave before irreparable damage was done.
Brooke raised her beer high overhead then. “Today is Mandy’s birthday!”
Clearly I had underestimated Brooke Pulaski. She knew her minions. The attitudes changed from a ho-hum we’re-here-’cause-it’s-Friday gathering to total party in seconds. A cheer went out and people sang Happy Birthday. Cups of beer appeared in front of me from three different directions at once and some guy yelled out, “Dibs on giving birthday spankings!”
I hated beer. But not wanting to look like a total outcast, I took one of the cups and tilted it to my lips without drinking. As soon as I got the chance, I dumped it behind a tree and wiped my mouth like I’d downed it. Within seconds someone pushed another one into my hands. So then I pretended to trip over a tree root and spilled the new one. Same result: new cup-o-beer. I just held the third one. It’s not like anyone would notice whether I drank or not, only that I had a full cup in my hands.
No one talked to me, which was fine. I wouldn’t have known what to say anyway. I wandered around pretty much unseen now that the birthday announcement was done. The guys clustered, punching each other and calling each other names. The girls clustered, flipping their hair and laughing too loudly, basically trying to catch the attention of the guys. There were a few places outside the clusters where the two mixed. These seemed to be the flirt zones with lots of posing and too-big smiles and random touching of arms.
Half an hour in, Crissy finally arrived with her new boyfriend, Jeremy. No, he was the last boyfriend. This one was called Brad. And he wasn’t that new anymore. They’d been together for almost six months. That was an all-time record for Crissy. Before Brad, one month was her longest relationship. Still, I hadn’t met him yet, so she introduced me to him, him to me.
“I’m so glad you decided to come,” she said. “These parties are wicked fun.”
“I’m going to get a beer,” Brad said and headed toward the river.
“Why do they keep it in the water?” I asked.
“Keeps it cold,” Crissy said. “And if the cops show up, give it a push, and the evidence floats downstream. Brilliant, hey?”
That was sort of brilliant.
Now that Crissy was here, that meant the three of us were in the same place—not the lunchroom—at the same time. So I scanned the crowd for the glittering silver sequins on Brooke’s butt. We could sit by one of the fire pits and talk and catch up and remember all the fun times we’ve had. Make some plans to actually do something together. If necessary, I’d even choke down a beer. This was how I wanted to spend my birthday, with my girls.
“Oh! I’ve got something for you,” Crissy said and ran back to the car. She returned carrying this huge sheet cake with sixteen gold coins and “Happy Birthday, Smarty Baby!” written in apple green icing. She placed the cake in my arms, pulled out her phone, and took a picture of me with it. “The coins are for your golden sixteen-on-the-sixteenth birthday. Get it?” 
I blinked away the flash orbs blurring my vision. “I get it. It’s great.” It really, really was. “You’re never going to let me forget that I’m younger though, are you?”
“Nope,” she grinned.
Like it was my fault I tested out of kindergarten and right into first grade. She and Brooke christened me “Smarty Baby” the day they found out I was a year younger than them.
“We should find Brooke and have Brad take a picture of the three of us with the cake.”
But Brooke was still MIA. A picture of the three of us without the cake would be fine too.
“Problem,” Crissy said and chewed on her lower lip. “I forgot plates. And I don’t have anything to cut it with.”
I looked from the cake to Crissy to the party with all the happy people glad to have something to celebrate.
“No problem,” I said with a grin and a wink and set the cake on a picnic table. I pushed up my sleeve and grabbed a chunk with my bare hand. Seconds later, three football players did the same thing.
Crissy stared at me like she had no idea who I was and then shrugged and grabbed a handful of cake too. Before she could take a bite though, Brad was back with a beer and ran a finger through the icing. He wiped it across Crissy’s lips and then licked it off.
I stared, wide-eyed. I’d never met any of Crissy’s boyfriends, so seeing her with one was a bit of a learning curve.
Crissy giggled then stuck her tongue in his mouth.
Wow. I’d heard the Monday morning weekend tales for years now, but actually seeing it put a different spin on things. And of course, goody-goody that I am, I was a bit shocked that she was being so free in front of me.
So of course, right as I was thinking about things to do with a guy, I saw Ethan. He was coming my way, his dark-brown eyes focused on the cake. My hands went all sweaty, which mixed with the sticky frosting and turned to goo.
“Hey, Mandy,” Ethan said. His perfect, dazzling-white smile glowed in the firelight. “It’s your birthday, huh?”
Ethan and I had been going to school together since the fourth grade, but we never had the same teacher. This year, though, we had two classes together—U.S. history and chemistry. Normally those were my two best classes, but I had to compare notes with Geneva Allison almost daily. I usually ended up staring at Ethan during class and missed most of the lecture. The way he sat slouched in his chair, chewing on his pen, mesmerized me. Stupid, yeah, but was it my fault I had no self-control?
“Hmm?” I asked as I stared at his mouth and imagined licking frosting off of it.
He laughed, which made me melt. “It’s your birthday.”
“Oh. Yeah.” I laughed too, but it came out sort of high-pitched and hysterical. Brilliant.
“Ethan!” Brooke magically appeared at my side, all happy and wobbly. She held up a finger in a hang-on-don’t-move sort of gesture then grabbed my elbow, spun me around, and dragged me a couple steps away. “You’re just standing there, looking like a little kid seeing Santa for the first time. Will you drink some beer and loosen up already?”
“This is my third cup,” I objected, wanting to be next to Ethan again.
“Right. This one’s flatter than my little sister, and you dumped the first two.”
I opened my mouth to object but couldn’t.
“For God’s sake, it’s your birthday, and your forever-crush is right here for the taking.”
“He wants cake, and I happen to be standing next to it.”
“So make him want you instead.” Brooke reached up, pulled a few strands of hair out of my ponytail, and positioned them around my face. “Better. Bite your lips.”
“Why?” I asked and bit my lips.
“It plumps them up and makes them look kissable. Your birthday isn’t complete until you get a birthday kiss.” Brooke glanced back at Ethan, who looked confused and a little uncomfortable. “He’s going to take off if you don’t have an actual conversation with him.” She nodded at the beer in my hand. “Drink!”
So I took one longish gulp from the indeed-flat beer, grimaced and shivered at the taste, and finally she allowed me to go back to Ethan.
“Hey,” I said, trying to not stare at his mouth again.
“Yeah,” he said. “Cool that you came. I don’t think I’ve seen you at a party before.”
“Um, no, my mom…” I started and let it go. God, I was so lame.
He nodded like he understood. “Do you live in town?”
I shook my head and without thinking, took another sip of the beer. And grimaced again. At least he laughed. In a that-was-cute way not a wow-she’s-a-dork way.
“Hidden Valley,” I said.
“You live at a salad dressing factory?”
“What?” And then I got it. “Oh. Yeah.” And I laughed. Ha-ha.
“Sorry, that was stupid.”
We stood there, staring at the fire. I searched my brain for something to talk about. His soccer season? No, that ended in October. Band? He played an awesome acoustic guitar. The whole school knew that.
“There’s cake. Did you get some?” Seriously? I could’ve started an actual conversation about guitars, and I go with cake?
“That’s what I was coming over here for,” he said. “And to tell you happy birthday, of course.”
My face went hot, and I nodded at the cake. “Help yourself. There aren’t any plates so you have to, you know.” I made a claw with my hand. “Dig in.”
He took a small piece and popped it in his mouth. “It’s good.”
“My friend Crissy brought it,” I said. “Do you know Crissy Sheets? The gold coins are for my golden birthday–sixteen on the sixteenth. Wasn’t that sweet of her?”
Oh my God, Mandy. Stop! Talking!
“Sweet,” he agreed with an amused smirk.
“You’ve got a little frosting…” I pointed at his bottom lip to indicate where. He slowly ran his tongue over it and I froze. Pretty sure I stopped breathing.
“Did I get it all?” he asked, looking down at me.
I nodded, eyes locked with his. Then, summoning more courage than I ever thought I had, I blurted, “Brooke says I’m not allowed to leave until I get a birthday kiss.”
The next thing I knew, the dude that had called dibs on spankings was standing between us.
“Couldn’t help overhearing,” he slurred. “To celebrate something as monumental as your birthday, you need a real kiss from a real man. Not a little boy like Crawford here.” He assumed that bodybuilder pose that was supposed to make his arms look massive. They didn’t.
“Loser,” Ethan said, but he was laughing. “Why would she want a kiss from someone who practices on his dog?”
That started the two of them wrestling, and pretty soon everyone was gathered ’round cheering them on.
“You blew it,” Brooke said, leaning against me, now wearing someone’s letter jacket.
“I did,” I said. “Looks like I’m not going to get a birthday kiss after all.”
“I can fix that,” she slurred. Then she put her hands on both sides of my face, pulled me in close, and kissed me full on the mouth.
“Whoa. Chicks making out,” some guy hollered.
“We’re not making out,” I insisted.
But Brooke must’ve seen the interested look on his face.
“Sure we are,” she said, moving in for another one. She lost her balance and would’ve knocked us both down if I hadn’t caught her. And when I did, she sloshed her beer all over the leather jacket I’d borrowed from my mom’s closet. The one she was planning to return to the store. Beer wouldn’t leave a stain, would it?
“You don’t have to stop,” another guy said, trying to push us back together. “Please don’t stop.”
“We weren’t making out,” I repeated.
“No, we weren’t,” Brooke said with a sigh and that eye roll that said I was being boring. “Mandy wanted a birthday kiss so I gave her one.”
“Well why didn’t you say so?” the first guy said.
Suddenly his hands were on my butt, and his disgusting beer-marinated lips covered my mouth. As if I didn’t hate beer enough already, the smell and taste would now forever remind me of this. I tried to push him off while he slobbered all over my face and tried to slide his drunken tongue in my mouth when suddenly, he was gone. And Ethan was there, standing in front of me with his hands on my shoulders.
“Are you okay?” He looked at me like I was a little kid who’d fallen off a swing or got pushed down on the playground.
Great. Just fabulous. I’d dreamt about my first kiss for years. It would’ve come at the end of the perfect date after he walked me to my front door or on the dance floor as he held me close and looked deep into my eyes as we swayed to a slow song. Except the “he” was not some disgusting drunk I didn’t even know. Tears stung my eyes. It was supposed to be Ethan.
“I’m fine.” I mopped my mouth with my hand and got cake goo from my still-sticky fingers all over it. “A little repulsed though.” I smiled weakly. “You wouldn’t happen to have any mouthwash would you?”
He wiped off my hand with his shirt then leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. It would have been super sweet if not for the look of pity that came with it.
“Happy birthday, Mandy.” Then he pushed the slobbery drunk dude to the far side of the crowd, telling him what a jerk he was the whole way.
Not even close to a frosting-on-the-lips kiss, but technically Ethan Crawford kissed me on my birthday. And technically he held my hand. Now if I could only replace the slobbery guy with Ethan in this memory.
Since the party had been going on for a couple hours and everyone was tripping-over-their-own-feet drunk, this was naturally the perfect time for Brooke and the Poms Squad to start the drunken cheer portion of the evening. They started with a birthday cheer for me, but after that my birthday and I were completely forgotten again. I stood at the back edge of the crowd and watched. For the record, Brooke had remembered her panties.
At first I laughed, but within a minute had to turn away. I couldn’t handle watching Brooke laughing it up with her new friends. At the beginning of the night she’d introduced me as her best friend from elementary school, like I was some long lost buddy in town for the weekend. If I was being honest though, we hadn’t been best friends for nearly two years. Other than gracing us with her presence at lunch a couple days a week, Brooke had completely blown off Crissy and me. The fact was I wasn’t anywhere near fun enough for her anymore and her idea of fun wasn’t right for me.
I went to look for Crissy instead. At least I could spend the rest of my birthday with her and Brad. Except when I found them, they were under a blanket on top of a picnic table they’d dragged into the shadows. As far as I could tell their clothes were still on, or most of them at least, and they were doing things no friend ever needed to see another friend do.
I shouldn’t have come. I should’ve stayed home with my cat, made myself that vegan chocolate coconut cake I’d wanted to try, and watched a dumb movie on cable.
But I had gotten a kiss from Ethan. On the cheek but still a kiss. And we’d stood and talked for almost five whole minutes. About absolutely nothing. It was something to write about in my journal, I guess.
Time to go. I’d experienced my first party. Not what I’d hoped for. As I turned to leave, I heard a girl scream, “Someone fell through the ice!”
The crowd moved as one from the fire pits to the river’s edge, me right along with them. My whole body trembled as if I was the one who’d just been doused with icy water. I forced my way to the front of the group, desperate to find out who had gone through and if they were okay. Please, let them be okay. 
Signs were nailed to trees all up and down the shore, warning of the thin ice at this time of year. The unusually warm April weather made it worse. The ice was just patchy bits alongside the riverbank now. When would people ever learn? That’s what Uncle Enzo said every year when someone went through. Then he’d stop talking because he’d remember about Alexa. Not that he’d forgotten of course. I could tell that by the look of pain in his eyes sometimes. He’d loved her as much as Mama and I had. In his defense, it had happened twelve years ago. Mama hadn’t been able to move on though. She refused to talk about Alexa and anytime she heard about someone going through ice… She didn’t have to speak. Her shaking hands told me how upset she was.
“What a dork,” someone said, snapping me out of the memory. Thank God.
Everyone was laughing. Yes, someone had fallen through but only to his knees.
“Who stands out on the ice to take a whiz?” a guy asked.
“Probably too drunk to realize where he was,” a girl said.
“Bring him over by the fire before his feet freeze off,” someone slightly less wasted suggested.
It wasn’t funny. Everyone laughed at the guy, thinking it was hilarious that some dumb drunk got his feet wet. They didn’t know. They didn’t understand how fast someone could fall through. And never come out again.
I’d had enough. Hanging with a boozing Brooke and her friends was not my idea of a fun night. She’d forgotten I was there a long time ago anyway. And clearly Crissy wasn’t available. I never had gotten the three of us together and there wasn’t much chance it would happen even if I stuck around all night.
Maybe if I found Ethan and re-summoned that courage from earlier, I could get him to comfort me. I glanced across the crowd and saw him surrounded by girls. He had plenty of other options. Why would he ever choose me?
Things only got worse when I got back to the Escape. The idiot parked next to me on the driver’s side had pulled so close I couldn’t get in. When I went around to slide through on the passenger’s side, I found a huge dent and six-inch long scratch on the front door. The moron on that side must’ve slammed his door into it.
This was the karma smack I got for doing what I knew I shouldn’t and stepping out of my comfort zone. All I’d wanted was a night with my closest friends so we could try and get back to being happy. They were fine without me, and I was happy for them. Really. But where did that leave me?




 Chapter Two 

Mandy


After putting the Escape back in the exact spot it had been in when I took it, I tried to buff away the damage. The dent turned out to be pretty small, not all that noticeable, but the scratch was awful. It didn’t come out, no matter what I tried. I looked around the barn for anything that might help and found a long metal pole leaning against a wall. It was long enough that if, say, it had fallen, it might’ve landed against the car and could’ve made a scratch like the one on the door. At least that’s what I told myself.
“Looks like I’m going to lie to my uncle.” I winced as I said it, and the dark immediately swallowed the secret. Which was worse, taking the car or lying about it? The guilt churning my gut couldn’t distinguish.
After carefully positioning the pole—and whispering a little “Sorry” as I did—I went in the house. I wasn’t tired, probably wouldn’t get tired until around two or three. I’d started staying up all night when I was little. We’d still been in the old house; the one we had before my dad left. I simply hadn’t been able to fall asleep one night and it had been that way since. At first, the dark had scared me. I’d lie there wide awake, huddled under my covers, afraid to move, afraid to call out for Mama.
But at some point I’d realized that the middle of the night was the perfect place to hide. The dark would hug me and protect me from the things I didn’t want to see or remember. Especially my secrets. Those were now so hidden they’d never come out again.
The clock on the stove read 10:30. Still my birthday. Plenty of time to whip up that coconut-fudge cake and blow out a candle.
But what would I wish for?
If I could have one wish, it would be for things to be the way they used to be. Brooke and Crissy and I would still be the inseparable threesome we were in grade school. Or I could go back even further and wish that my big sister Alexa had never died. No. Wasted wishes, both of them. Brooke and Crissy were happy with their lives. As for Alexa? Some things can’t be fixed.
I made myself a birthday cake by the light from the stove. My cat, Brulée, wove between my legs as I mixed the batter. He wanted to play.
“I know, Brulée, give me a few minutes.”
While my cake baked, we sat on the floor. His purr got louder and louder as I scratched behind his ears. He was a Himalayan-Siamese mix with off-white fur and brown markings on his ears, paws, face, and back. I told Mama he looked like Crème Brulée—custard with browned sugar on top—and the name stuck. He was full of attitude but totally devoted to me. I adored that cat.
At eleven-forty-five, I went outside to sit next to the creek by the barn. I brought my cake, a lighter, and my cell phone which had the most accurate time. Brulée followed and entertained himself by chasing bugs. Except for talking to Ethan and the too-sweet kiss from him, the golden birthday I’d been so excited about was a huge letdown. Don’t know what I’d expected. It was just another birthday after all. But I would wait until there was only one minute left in the day, then light the candle. When there was only one second left, I’d make a wish and blow it out. That way the last moment of my day would be a hopeful one. Maybe this year’s wish would come true. Silly, yes, but I’d take what I could get.
As the minutes ticked away, I lay back on the lounge chair by the bank of the creek and tugged an old wool blanket around my shoulders. I listened as the water streamed past and critters rustled in the still bare-from-winter woods on the other side. The blue-black sky held nothing but stars. The moon was in its new phase, ready to start a fresh trip around the earth. New, quarter, half, three-quarters, full. Repeat. So predictable. Like my life.
Well, I did have my garden to look forward to, that was something I guess. That would be my project this summer. It would go right next to the creek. The people that owned the property before us had smartly planted a garden here for easy access to water. Right now the area was nothing but empty rows, the skeletons of last year’s weeds the only hint that life used to exist there. A tall fence made of chicken wire attached to painted white posts surrounded the perimeter. An old iron garden gate granted entrance. A big Victorian-looking birdhouse sat on top of a thick column at the center of the space. The garden must’ve been absolutely enchanting when it was full and bursting with life. 
I’d revive it as soon as it was warm enough, starting with a fresh coat of paint on each post and the birdhouse. The space was huge, at least half an acre, and bringing back that much might be more than I could handle. But what did I have to lose? Just seeds and a little time. My plan was to plant half of it with herbs and vegetables which I would use to come up with new recipes for my cooking club. The other half would be filled with night-blooming plants. I could already picture the twining vines of moonflowers climbing the fence, the pretty white petals open to greet the night.
I remembered seeing the plot the first day we’d moved to the little hobby farm in the middle of the valley. Mama had commented on what a pretty garden it must’ve been. Being only six at the time, I’d wondered why anyone would spend time digging in the dirt when they could go to the store and buy food. How stupid, I’d thought. The whole place was stupid. It was lonely and way too quiet. I’d hated it.
The only good thing was that I hadn’t had to go to school. Not right away.
“There’s only a couple days left in the year,” Mama had said the day we moved in. “You can skip them. The summer will go fast, and you’ll make lots of friends in the fall.”
“You can spend the summer with me, Amanda Rosalina,” Uncle Enzo had said. He was the only one that ever called me that. “You can help me get the barn ready so I can open my shop.”
That was the deal he and Mama made: he’d pay for half of the place if she let him have the barn to set up his workshop and car restoration business.
“Fine by me,” she told him. “What am I going to do with a barn?”
First Enzo fixed up the barn’s loft. That way I’d have someplace close by to hang out when I got tired of hauling tools and car parts around. Enzo made a sign from a piece of wood that was as long as I was tall and carved “Mandy’s Haven” into it. Then he hung it like a sign on a storefront from the loft’s railing.
I liked being with Enzo that first summer, but there were times when I got so lonely for a friend I couldn’t stand it. Before, if my friends couldn’t play, Alexa would be there for me. I never had to be alone unless I wanted to be. So I created a friend. I’d called her Lexi, and she was the best friend I could imagine. Lexi had known everything about me. She loved the good and never let the bad bother her. She was there for anything and everything until one day, she disappeared.
I snapped out of my reminiscing in time to see my phone’s clock tick over to 11:59. I lit the single candle stuck in the center of my cake and watched it flicker in the darkness. Compared to some people, my life was far from horrible. I knew that. Still, I wasn’t happy. When was the last time I had been?
With Brooke and Crissy? Yeah, but I’d always had to do what they wanted. I’d played the games they wanted to at recess. Watched the shows they wanted to watch when we had sleepovers. I’d spent my golden birthday at the party they wanted to go to.
And then it came to me. The last time I’d been happy was when Lexi was here. Oh my God, how pathetic was that? My last truly happy time had been with an imaginary friend. If only I could have a real friend like her.
When the seconds ticked to 11:59:59, I inhaled, whispered “I want Lexi,” and blew out the candle. 




 Chapter Three 

Desiree


A light hanging from the ceiling of my bus started to strobe like a bad acid trip. My cell phone sang “Into the Mystic”: a new text: wish received. My laptop pinged with a new email. I didn’t open it. Same thing. Wish received.
Normally when a new wish came in I’d get right to work and do research on my charge. I’d absorb all I could about her (or him) so I could get excited about guiding yet another someone’s wish to a satisfactory ending. A wish coming true should be a good thing, after all, and they almost always were. Sometimes the wish’s path twisted and turned so the journey got rough. Mandy’s life, for example, was going to get turned inside out before getting to where it needed to be.
Every now and then I knew all about a wish before it was even made. Regarding Mandy, I knew the good (plentiful), the bad (pending), and the ugly (not as much as she’d told herself). I knew what was oozing up from the darkest part of her soul the day before she made that drag of a wish. Don’t know how. Don’t know why. Only Kaf, my boss, could answer that. This time I had nothing to prepare for. Except the resurrection of my own regrets.
Just about everyone has a day—well, more likely a moment or maybe a minute within a day—when everything changes: The moment a girl says yes to a date with Mr. Right and skips down Happily Ever After Road. Or maybe he turns out to be Mr. Wrong, and she ends up on the road to hell. The star running back breaks left when he should have gone right. He gets tackled, resulting in a broken collarbone that finishes his season on the day the college scouts are in the stands. He ends up selling used cars because college is out of the question without that scholarship. Meanwhile the guy that tackled him gets a full ride.
A girl goes for a car ride with someone her gut told her not, not, not to and never makes it home again.
Mandy’s life-changing moment was when she whispered that wish. For me everything changed because of two announcements made on a single day. As I sat there watching the light on my ceiling strobe, the day in early June 1969 sprang like a fast-growing weed into my brain.
My family, the whole extended clan, had gathered at the park down the street from our house for a picnic. My sister Carol had graduated high school, and we gathered to celebrate. (Carol and good grades had a hard time finding each other so graduating had never been a given for her.) She looked oh-so grown up in her prim green dress with the Peter Pan collar and pleated skirt. All my friends and I wore miniskirts or bell-bottom jeans with peasant blouses. We had long, straight hair. Carol insisted on the shoulder-length bouffant flip our mothers wore. That should have been my first sign of things to come.
“We’re so proud of your sister,” Aunt Betty said while taking the spot next to me at the picnic table. “Aren’t you proud of your sister?”
“Sure,” I said.
Envious was actually the better term for how I felt. Carol was about to start her life, her real life. I had one more year of high school to endure. Carol talked about secretarial school, the standard choice of half the girls in her class. Not a career I would’ve chosen—I envisioned myself as a champion of women’s rights, not a contributor to the status quo—but at least she was headed toward a career.
“Everyone!” Roger, Carol’s high school sweetheart, said. “Can I have your attention, please?”
The clan stopped talking and laughing and moved closer. With everyone gathered around, Roger took Carol’s hand. He had this enormous, smug smile on his face, and I immediately knew I wouldn’t like what was coming. He simultaneously reached into his shirt pocket and dropped to his knee.
“Carol,” he said with dramatic emotion, “we’ve been together for two years...”
I stopped listening. Fast forward: she said yes and gave up on secretarial school then and there in favor of babies and afternoon coffee with the other neighborhood housewives.
Where was my brother when I needed him? Sure, all the cousins had been there and an uncle I liked, but Craig had always been the one I preferred to hang around with at these gatherings. He said he’d be late to the party—he had a final the night before and would drive home from Dallas in the morning. I didn’t think he’d be this late though.
“What’s the matter?” I asked as soon as he got there.
He laughed and insisted there was nothing wrong. Then he ran his hand through his hair.
“Why do you think something’s wrong?” he asked.
“Because I know you,” I said. “Because your voice is about two octaves higher than normal. Because you keep running your hand through your hair.”
He dropped his hand to his side and stared at the ground for a full minute. Finally he reached into his pants pocket, and for a crazy second I thought I was about to see another engagement ring. But Craig didn’t have a girlfriend.
“What is that?” My gaze locked on the piece of paper in his hand.
“A pamphlet that explains about enlisting in the military.” His voice was as thin and dry as that paper.
“Enlisting?” I asked with a laugh. “Why’d they send that to you? You’re in college.”
He wouldn’t look at me. “They didn’t send it. I got it from a recruitment officer.”
“Throw it out. You’re in college,” I repeated. “You’re exempt from Vietnam.”
He reached for his hair again, stopped himself, and put his hand on his hip, then in his pocket. “Everyone says there’s going to be a draft.”
My chest tightened a little. “But you’re a college student.” That argument sounded weaker and lamer each time I used it.
He shook his head. “If I enlist I can choose what I do. I can stay out of the combat zone. Become a commissioned officer.”
“Craig!” I’d shouted his name in an attempt to snap him back to reality. “You don’t have to go. You’re exempt.”
“I know I don’t have to,” he’d said, finally looking me in the eye. “But I think I want to.”
That was the day. My sister became yet another invisible woman and my brother decided to let The Man determine his fate.
Those two things set off a chain of events resulting in the biggest mistake of my life. And now Mandy’s bright and shiny wish was going to bring it all back to me.
Someone else had to take it. I couldn’t do this wish; the memories were already starting to surface. My only option was to go to Kaf and beg, beg, beg him to give it to another from his harem of indentured servants.
I went to his mountaintop cave and followed the narrow pathway. It wound between thick, twisted stalagmites and stalactites of luminescent green and purple and beige. It took me past formations that resembled giant mushrooms and through sunbeams streaming from holes in the cave walls. At the very back I found the magical, muscle-bound Asian guy I was searching for. Kaf sat cross-legged on what appeared to be a cloud, floating just high enough that he looked down on anyone who approached him.
It was very impressive. Being looked down on that way was quite intimidating. And it was all for show. Kaf didn’t strike me as a cave-dwelling dude. I was pretty sure he had a cushy apartment set up behind the cave wall.
“Desiree,” Kaf said, “don’t you have a new wish to grant?” His emerald eyes glowed in a way that told me he already knew why I was there.
“Give this one to someone else.” Humiliating as it was, I dropped to my knees on the hard stone floor. “I’ll do anything. I’ll take the wishes no one else wants for the next month.”
No response.
“I’ll tell everyone what a great guy you are.” His reputation could use a big dose of positivity.
He simply crossed his massive arms over his equally massive chest.
“You can add five more years to my sentence.”
Now that was saying something. Kaf had promised to save my life one day as I lay dying in a roadside gulley. If I would agree to a fifty year indenture to him, I could live. I’d agreed as long as I could remain eighteen for the entire time. Otherwise, I’d be too old to enjoy what was left of my life when I got to the end of the gig. Still, the wish-granting business had turned from flowers and butterflies to a little black rain cloud for me a number of years ago, and I really wanted to be done.
“Oh, Desiree,” Kaf finally said. Then he started to laugh, a noise that was part amused, part wicked, part psychotic. It went on for so long I finally split, knowing that was the only response I’d get.
Back at my bus, I paced the aisle, trying to think of someone I could push this wish onto. Someone must owe me a favor. But even if I did manage to come up with someone, Kaf would never allow it. For whatever reason, he was set on me being Mandy’s guide. I stopped pacing in front of the shelves near my bed and retrieved a dusty old box tucked into the far corner on top. Inside among the mementos of a long-ago life, I found the single joint I knew was there.
Miss Mandy wanted to be happy. That was it. That was her big wish. We all wanted to be happy. The rest of us didn’t get mystical intervention to make it happen though.
Fine, she was going to get exactly what she’d asked for.


 Chapter Four 

Mandy


A storm blew up without notice, drenching me before I could get to the barn and destroying the remaining half of my birthday cake. I climbed the ladder into The Haven, stripped off my sopping clothes, and huddled under a thick down blanket on the futon next to the window. Flashes of lightning like I’d never seen before lit up the valley in short intense blasts that made my familiar world look like an alien landscape. The wind whipped dead branches from the bare trees and tossed them around like twigs. Animals streaked across the field, heading for the protection of the woods. Rain pounded the sides of the barn for more than an hour. My little creek, already full from the snowmelt that had run down out of the bluffs during the past month, swelled to almost overflowing. I couldn’t look away, awed and terrified at the same time.
I’m not sure when I fell asleep, but I woke to find Brulée next to me, giving himself a bath. It was daytime, but the sky was still shrouded in a thick, steel-gray blanket of clouds. Thunder rumbled in the distance but, for now at least, the rain had stopped. The second I saw my clothes drying over the loft’s railing, last night came back in one painful wave. What a catastrophe. 
The little birthday cake I’d made for myself sat on an upturned wooden crate next to the futon. I grabbed the fork and took three huge bites before I remembered that the cake had been ruined by the rain. Or so I thought. It was perfect, untouched except for the half I’d eaten before the storm started. (And it was good too, coconutty and fudgy, a recipe my cooking club was sure to love.) The candle in the center—the one I’d lit and used to make a wish for…I couldn’t remember what—was also perfect, the wick pure white and waiting to be lit.
This is why I didn’t drink. Half a beer made me have hallucinations. But I remembered blowing out the candle and eating cake.
I tossed my still-damp clothes and the blanket I’d wrapped myself in over the railing to the workshop floor below. Running through the field last night had ruined my new ivory suede, ankle-length boots. At least that’s what I remembered. But like my cake, they were fine. I tossed them to the floor below too. Then lowered what was left of the cake down in the basket-on-a-pulley Enzo had rigged up for me. Wearing nothing but my bra and green apple-print panties, I climbed down the ladder and prayed Uncle Enzo wouldn’t show up right then.
That’s when I remembered—the car!
I grabbed the blanket, draped it over my shoulders, and crept around to the passenger’s side to check out the damage in the daylight. I didn’t want to see it. The thought alone made me nauseous.
Except, the car looked fine. The door was smooth and the paint, custom-mixed to my favorite shade of apple green, was perfect. Not only was there no scratch or dent in the door, the whole car looked like it had been freshly washed and waxed. But I clearly remembered the damage to the door. I calmed myself and tried to think logically. It had been late and dark, and I had drunk that half a beer. Maybe it was the driver’s side?
But the driver’s side was untouched too. And the pole I’d so carefully set out to take the blame? It was leaning against the far wall, right where I’d first found it last night. What was going on? Maybe I’d imagined blowing out a candle, but I had not imagined that dent. I looked down at Brulée who turned away as if to say, in the Snooty McSnoot snobby rich-boy voice I imagined he had, Don’t be absurd. I can’t repair automobiles. And even if I was blessed with the ability, I have far more important issues like rodent pursuit and cleansing rituals to attend to.
I laughed. Maybe my wish last night was for the car to be fixed. Kind of a wasted golden birthday wish. Still, I looked to the sky and thanked whoever had granted it. 
By the time I’d taken a shower and gotten dressed, Uncle Enzo had arrived to take me to my road test. I found him sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee. Even though the car was now unscathed—it’d probably just been a shadow on the door—my residual guilt made it hard for me to look him in the eye. He knew me better than just about anyone. One question about last night and he’d know I took the car. And that I went to a river party.
“Ready to go get that license, Amanda Rosalina?” he asked.
“Beyond ready,” I said while crossing the kitchen to refill my mug with coffee. No more riding the school bus. No more being stranded in the valley all weekend unless Mama or Enzo took me somewhere. Although it’s not like I had anyone to go out with anyway. After last night, it was obvious hanging with Brooke and/or Crissy was off the options list.
The Escape was gift enough, so I was surprised to see another small present sitting on the table in front of Enzo. I tried to ignore the little green box with the big pink ribbon, but after a minute he held it out to me.
“It’s just something small,” he said. “From Rocco. He says you should have something to open on your birthday.”
“Rocco’s speaking in full sentences at eighteen months? Gifted baby.” I untied the pink satin ribbon and used it to cinch my frizzy, out-of-control hair into a loose ponytail. Inside the box I found a small plastic tree covered in tiny apples, a suction cup fixed to the bottom. O-kay.
“You put it on the dashboard of your car,” Uncle Enzo explained. “It’s solar powered. The sun makes the branches sway and the apples change from red to the exact same green as your car.” His cheeks reddened a bit. “It’s silly, I know, but I…I mean, Rocco thought of you when he saw it. You know, the green and the fact that you make the best apple pie we’ve ever tasted.”
Tears stung my eyes. He was right; it was a silly little thing. But sometimes the silliest things make a really huge difference.
“It’s great,” I said, my throat tight. “It’ll look awesome on my dash.” Guilt over taking the car last night grew even more intense. That’s what I got for breaking the rules. I’d never, ever lie to him or do anything that required lying again.
Maybe I didn’t take the car. I mean, I had no proof, there wasn’t any damage. Maybe I actually stayed home, made the cake, and fell asleep in The Haven—in my underwear—and dreamt the whole awful night. Now I was suffering guilt over the fact that I’d considered taking the car. That would so be me. Guilt-ridden over thinking about breaking a rule.
“Did your mom call you?” Enzo asked casually as he rinsed out his coffee mug.
“She sent a text before I left for school yesterday.” I’m sure she’d set her phone to remind her. Still, she’d included an X and O. Enzo frowned. “It’s okay. Really. I told her it was okay for her to go to the conference this weekend.”
He sat there all but shaking his head at my pathetic life.
“Let’s go get that license,” he finally said. He grabbed the “sweet sixteen” key ring from the hook by the door and tossed it to me.
Two hours later, I was at the DMV sitting in the most uncomfortable chair ever. Enzo sat next to me as we waited for my name to be called to get my picture taken. I’d lost one point for supposedly not coming to a full stop at a stop sign but passed easily otherwise. I’d forget about that one point. Eventually. Probably.
Enzo’s cell phone rang.
“One of my customers,” he said, frowning at the little screen. “I’m gonna go outside. This call might get a little heated. He’s not happy with his bill.”
As Enzo left the building, a girl about my age at the far side of the crowded room caught my attention. First because she had the most amazing hair, about a dozen different shades of blonde, and second because she was staring at me. I glanced over my shoulder, sure there must be someone else she was looking at, but there were only old people there. When I looked back, the girl was gone. Weird.
A few minutes later, while I was smiling for the camera, I saw her again. She stood closer now, maybe thirty feet away. I couldn’t see her clearly because some big guy had leaned over to talk to the person next to him and blocked my view just as she turned her face toward me. It was her though. I could tell by the gorgeous blonde hair framing the big guy’s head like a halo.
My license picture turned out horrible. I know everyone says that, but mine was seriously bad. I was squinting (across the room at the girl, trying to figure out who she was) with my mouth gaped open. Lovely.
Uncle Enzo came back inside a couple minutes later with angry red spots in the center of his cheeks. Guess that conversation had gotten heated. He turned his scowl into a grin when he saw me with the little card in my hand.
“Can I see?” he asked.
“Nope. No way. Uh-uh.” I slapped the license against my chest.
“Oh come on, it can’t be that bad.”
“Can be. Is.” But he gave me that I’m-your-favorite-uncle look, and I caved. “Fine, two seconds.”
I held it out to him. His eyes went wide, and he cleared his throat to fight off a laugh.
“Sorry, Mandy. It’ll expire in a couple years, and you’ll get a new one.”
Comforting. I sighed and dropped the card into my purse.
“I promised your mom I’d pick up some things for her,” Enzo said. “You can either chauffeur me around town or I’ll come back later on my own.”
“No problem,” I said. “I don’t have anything else to do.”
We stopped first at the library. Mama gave Enzo a list of books she needed for work. While he gathered them, I browsed through the gardening section for anything on organic gardens. Our town’s library was a renovated old bank, or something, with all these little nook-and-cranny rooms, marble floors, and iron bookshelves and spiral staircases. I looked up from the book in my hands and through the iron scrollwork on the side of the bookcase. There she was a couple of sections down, that girl again. I put the book back and when I looked around the corner, all I saw were black Uggs climbing the stairs. What were the chances we’d be going to the same place?
The coincidence became less coincidental when I ran into her again at the post office. Enzo went inside to get some packages, and I saw the girl in a car a few down from mine. I couldn’t be a hundred percent positive it was her because I had to look through the rain-spattered windows of my Escape, an SUV, a minivan, and a pickup truck, but it looked like the same hair.
Enzo had one more stop to make, the hardware store, which I really didn’t want to go to. The food co-op was across the street so I went there to gather ingredients for Nourishing Nosh’s meal-of-the-week. The cooking club was my pride and joy. Not to mention my only source of social interaction. A few years ago, when Mama’s work schedule had gotten insane and she started putting in twelve- to sixteen-hour days, I took over cooking duties (and the cleaning, shopping, and laundry duties on top of my schoolwork). At first I didn’t do very well. We ate lots of pre-made and frozen foods, and we both put on about fifteen pounds. Then Mama’s doctor told her she was headed for trouble if she didn’t lower her cholesterol, lose weight, and basically take better care of herself. I scoured healthy cookbooks and magazines for better options. Eventually I even came up with my own dishes. She lost those fifteen pounds, and I took off twenty.
Using our success as my platform, I petitioned the school board to let me form a club. My argument: in this era of obesity and childhood diabetes, kids need to learn how easy it can be to prepare healthy meals rather than relying on fast food, takeout, or frozen dinners all the time. The board actually loved the idea and awarded me a small budget. The only condition was that a certified nutritionist had to give the thumbs-up to my recipes and agree to be at our meetings to ensure no one cut off their fingers or burned the school to the ground.
I’d contacted the nutritionist at the co-op, and she’d said she was happy to oversee everything. She even agreed to sell me the ingredients at cost in exchange for free advertising at all school-related events. Win-win! We held weekly meetings and were up to a dozen members.
It was so much fun. Plus, this kind of involvement was going to look great on my culinary school applications.
Today the produce department at the co-op was packed with people. That was the thing about cold, dreary days; people always wanted homemade meals. I had a big head of broccoli in my hands and was contemplating a healthier broccoli-cheese soup recipe when a hand with perfectly manicured nails holding a huge red pepper appeared in front of my face.
“I love red peppers. You should make something with this.”
There she was again. I was about to ask her why she was stalking me when I noticed her round, amber-colored eyes and froze. Probably with my mouth hanging open. I knew those eyes; only one person in the world had eyes that color. But it was impossible. There was no way it was her.
In a sort of daze, I took the pepper from her and looked away as I set it in my cart. When I turned back, she was rounding the corner of the grains aisle so I tried to follow.
“Excuse me, please.” I attempted to get through the crowd. The other problem with dreary days was that people turned rude. No one would move. After a couple more excuse me’s and gently nudging shopping carts with mine, for which I got some nasty glares, I abandoned my cart in the middle of produce and rushed after the girl. But after checking down every aisle twice, I couldn’t find her.
“I’m losing my mind. It couldn’t have been her,” I mumbled to myself, earning a few stay-away-from-the-crazy-girl stares from crabby patrons. Was there really a person right here in my own town who looked exactly like Lexi?
“Wait, that’s mine,” I called out to the employee that was about to take my cart away. “Sorry. Thought I saw someone I knew.”
“Whatever,” the kid growled at me. “I hate it when you people leave your carts all over the store. What’s so hard about taking it with you?”
Humongous pet peeve of mine too, but it didn’t seem right to agree with him right then.
He walked away, leaving me staring down at the bright red pepper lying next to the dark green broccoli and mellow yellow onions. I hated red peppers. At least the last time I tried one I did. That had been a long time ago though. Probably eight or nine years. Mama had made them filled with some sort of spicy pork sausage stuffing. Not yummy.
That had also been Lexi’s last night with me.
For four years she had been there, waiting in The Haven for me every night after school. She was always eager to hear about my day and either cheer for the good ones or totally take my side on the bad ones. In the summer when I was stuck out in the country all day, every day, she was there. Sometimes we’d spend most of the day arguing. I created her to be everything I wasn’t—beautiful, brave, loved by everyone—so we had opposing interests and butted heads a lot. But when I really needed a best friend, she was there for me.
Until one day she wasn’t.
I picked up the pepper, imagining the crunchy sweetness, and thought back. Maybe I didn’t remember it right. Maybe I did like red peppers and was associating them with Lexi leaving. That was one of the things that fascinated me about food. The memories and strong emotions it brought out. For the rest of my life I wouldn’t be able to make an apple pie without thinking of Uncle Enzo. I’d never again eat banana nut waffles. My dad used to make them for Alexa and me every Sunday morning.
A red onion, a large lemon, a can of organic garbanzo beans, and a jar of tahini paste also ended up in my cart. I’d been meaning to try an appetizer with the cooking club and roasted red pepper hummus would be a good option.
“Mandy?” Uncle Enzo appeared next to me. “I’ve been sitting out there for half an hour. Are you ready to go?”
“Sorry. I’m done. Just need to buy this stuff.”
He gave me a look that said I was acting weird.
Well, if his imaginary friend from childhood had handed him a wrench in the tool department at the hardware store, he probably wouldn’t be acting very normal either.



The drizzling rain finally let up late that afternoon, but it was still cold and clouds blocked every bit of blue in the sky. Warm broccoli-cheese soup in a crusty bread bowl was going to be perfect for dinner. The dough for the bread was rising in the kitchen as I sat on the futon in The Haven, watching a deer drink from the now fast-flowing creek. Brulée sat at the other end, intently bathing, annoyed at getting caught in the drizzle on his way to the barn from the house.
Neither Brooke nor Crissy had called or texted or anything to find out where I went last night. Apparently too wrapped up in their own worlds to worry about what might’ve happened to me. I mean, for all they knew I’d been kidnapped. Or I never made it home because my car ran off the road, and I was now lying in a ditch with a broken leg, waiting for someone to rescue me. And I couldn’t call 9-1-1 because I had no cellular reception down in that ditch.
Movement out in the field by the creek caught my attention. A second deer came to the edge of the creek. She bent to drink, stopped to look at something behind her, and then lowered her head again. The scene was so peaceful, something many people never got the chance to appreciate. But then something else came out of the woods that made me sit up straight and lean in closer to the window. So close I actually bumped my forehead against the glass. No. Freaking. Way.
The deer turned again to watch as the girl—Lexi?—went slowly up to it and rested her hand on its neck.
Seriously, what was going on?
I tried to stand and go to her but got twisted up in the blanket and fell back onto the futon, nearly landing on Brulée. I kicked my way free of the blanket and jumped up, ready to head down the ladder. But I fell back down again, and this time a little scream escaped me.
A girl was standing in the middle of my Haven. And she wasn’t Lexi.




 Chapter Five 

Mandy


The girl was a little older than me, super thin, and had long, slightly mussed dark-blonde hair. Her feet were bare, and she wore a flowing tunic shirt, tie-dyed in psychedelic colors, and jeans that flared really wide at the bottoms.
“Well hey to you too,” she said.
“Where’d you come from?” I asked.
“Texas originally. San Antonio.” She had a mellow voice that held a hint of a southern accent.
I glanced at my cell phone sitting on the futon and contemplated whether I should call the police to report an intruder. No. Uncle Enzo would get here faster. He only lived ten minutes away. Then I looked at the girl again. She didn’t really look like that much of a threat. “Who are you?”
She didn’t move a muscle except to hold up a hand with two fingers splayed into a V. I stared at her, wondering what else could possibly happen to make this day any freakier, when she said, “Peace.”
“Peace?”
“Yeah.” She spoke slowly, like her battery was running down. “It’s all good.”
“What’s all good? Who are you?” I repeated, coming up with a more demanding tone this time. “What do you want? Do you always enter people’s homes uninvited?”
She sighed and shook her head.
“You made a wish,” she said and dropped into my sling chair that hung from the rafters. “This is far-out. Like a little hammock made for your butt. I love hammocks. Used to have one for a bed.” She sat quietly in a daze for a second, presumably thinking of her hammock. “I’m Desiree, by the way. I’m a Wish Mistress.”
She held out her hand to pet Brulée, who backed away in a crouch and hissed.
“A what?” I looked around. I really should keep a weapon of some kind up here.
“You made a wish last night. A golden birthday wish right smack at the last possible second of your day.”
How could she know that? How did she know yesterday was my birthday? Oh, wait, maybe she was at the party last night and…what, followed me? That was a little psycho.
“So what did I wish for?” I asked, crossing my arms. “And what’s a wish mistress? Some kind of fairy godmother? Or a genie or something?”
“I’m neither a fairy nor anyone’s godmother,” she said, settling deeper into the butt hammock. “And I live in a renovated school bus, not a bottle or a magic lamp. I help make wishes deemed grantable come true. I’m a Wish Mistress. Came up with the title myself. Sorta groovy don’tcha think?”
Groovy? Deemed grantable? Clearly she was crazy. How was I supposed to deal with a crazy person? Wait, maybe Brooke and Crissy put her up to this. It was some kind of birthday joke.
“I guess.” If I played along, maybe she’d go away. “You don’t really look like a fairy godmother anyway. You look like a hippie.”
She nodded. Slowly. Everything about her was slow.
“Sort of a commune unto myself right now. But yeah, I was totally into flowers in my hair, peace and love, love, love. The whole scene.” She frowned a little then held out a hand for my cat again. He turned his back on her.
“Don’t bother. I’m the only one he’ll come to.” I stared at her, trying to figure out what I’d done to deserve the last twenty-four hours. “So, what, I tell you what I want?”
“That’s not how this works, little sister,” Desiree said. “You already made your wish. It came from the depths of your soul, and the cosmos decided it was worthy. I’m here to help it play out.”
“Again I ask, what was my wish?” Everyone wished for something on their birthday. Saying I made a wish was a safe bet. This Desiree chick wouldn’t be able to answer because wishes couldn’t be granted.
Desiree shook her head. “You have to figure that out. It’s not a thing, your wish, it’s a destination. You’ll have to follow the path. The first part of it is standing out next to the creek.”
I looked out the window. The only things out there were the deer and that girl who looked like my imaginary friend. And since there’s zero reason I’d wish for a deer…
“You’re telling me that’s Lexi.”
“The one and only,” Desiree said.
“She’s real? As in a real girl? And she’s really alive?”
“The answers to those questions,” Desiree said, “require some existential examination.” She reached into her fringed brown suede bag, pulled out a pair of sunglasses with big round blue lenses, and put them on. “What does it mean to be alive? Blood pumping through veins? Oxygen flowing through lungs or gills or whatever the body in question requires? A brain making the package run? Having been born or somehow created? Does that make something alive?”
“Um,” I said, “yes?”
She smiled and closed her eyes and shifted so her head hung over the edge of the chair.
“The girl standing out by the creek,” Desiree said, “or, more accurately, the figure that resembles a girl, has a brain in that she’s able to think and interact. She appears to breathe so I assume there are lungs. Or gills. I didn’t look. I can’t respond to the blood-in-the-veins thing. Again, didn’t look.”
“Can you answer my question or not?” I asked, starting to feel irritated. “Is that really Lexi?”
“Lexi,” Desiree said in her hazy-mellow way, “sprang fully formed ten years ago from your six-year-old mind so while she was created, she wasn’t born in the traditional sense.”
Yeah, I figured. Desiree was totally flying high.
“She went away when you were nine,” she said, “and hasn’t existed between that time and this. Last night at the stroke of 11:59:59 she was reborn somewhere in the forests and valleys of Kaf’s mystical mountain, this time a fully formed sixteen-year-old.”
How could she possibly know all this? I wished for a friend like Lexi. How could my actual make-believe friend be alive? Why couldn’t I have any more say in my own wish? And who the hell was Kaf?
“A second later,” Desiree snapped her fingers, “there she was, standing in my bus looking for Mandy Matteo. Blew my mind.” She made explosion hands next to her head.
“So?”
“Yes. That’s Lexi.”
“But where,” I asked, “did she come from?”
“From you, Miss Mandy. Your heart. Your mind. Your imagination.” She opened her arms to the sky. “From the place where wishes wait. And now here she is, ready to assist you with fulfilling your heart’s desire.”
“I wished for Lexi,” I said, mostly to myself in a confirming-the-facts sort of way. Because really, I didn’t want a Lexi-like friend. I wanted Lexi.
“You did,” Desiree said. “But you need to understand, she’s only here to help with the wish. Once it plays out, she’ll leave again. Go back to wherever she came from.”
I wasn’t really listening, still confirming the facts. “Last night was so weird. I wasn’t really sure I’d made a wish at all. I mean, my candle wasn’t even burnt so I kind of figured I only dreamt it or something.”
“This sort of wish didn’t require a candle,” Desiree said. “It came from the center of your being. Made on your golden birthday. On a new moon night, I might add.”
“Did that matter?”
“Not really. Just added to the ambience. Doesn’t matter that it was your birthday either. Only that the wish came from your soul.” She put her hand over her heart. “I unlit the candle, by the way. You can use it later. You’re welcome about the car too.”
“You fixed my car?”
She nodded. “My little birthday gift to you.”
And just like that, I believed her. Because weird as it was, nothing else made sense.
“Thanks.” I stared out the window, remembering the summer Lexi first appeared. She took the blame for anything I did wrong and did all the things I wasn’t brave enough to do. “Lexi was everything I wasn’t.”
Desiree gave me a sad sort of smile. “And you were everything Lexi wasn’t.”
I think she meant it as a compliment.
“No, Lexi was perfect,” I said. “She wasn’t afraid to do or say anything and never did anything wrong.”
“Far as I know,” Desiree said, “you don’t do much wrong either.”
I couldn’t; they wouldn’t love me if I did. They’d kick me out. Or leave, like Papa did.
“I work really hard at always doing things the right way,” I said. “The difference is I’m constantly afraid I’ll screw up. Lexi is spontaneous and free and does stuff without caring what people think.”
“And that’s a good thing?” Desiree asked.
“You should know,” I snapped. “Isn’t that what hippies are all about? Doing what they want and not caring what anyone else thinks?”
Desiree nodded. “That’s what people think. They just can’t dig the message we try to send.”
“Yeah, yeah. Peace and love and granola.” Something she said finally registered. “Did you say Lexi will leave again when the wish is done?”
“Yes I did. She’s here for the wish. Once her purpose is fulfilled there’s no reason for her to stay.”
“But what if I want her to? It crushed me when she left the first time.”
“That’s not how this works,” Desiree said. “Those are the conditions of the wish.”
“Says who? I thought you said you can grant wishes. If my wish is for Lexi, why would she have to leave?”
“First of all, my magical abilities are limited,” Desiree said. “My boss decides which wishes will be granted. Then he assigns a guide.” She looked at me over her glasses. “Remember I said this wish was a journey? I’m your guide, and during your journey I can perform magic only if it will assist you in getting to the end.”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“Sometimes we don’t know what’s best for us,” Desiree said. “We need someone who isn’t as close to the situation to make decisions for us.”
“So Lexi is here to hang out and then leave again? How is that what’s best for me?”
Desiree held her arms out in a can’t-tell-you gesture and then sunk into the chair again. “It’s your wish, sister. I’m only the tour guide. I can tell you that Lexi is only a bitty bit of this wish. You have to figure out what will make your existence whole.”
Make my existence whole? 
“If you’re really a genie,” I said as I blinked back some tears, “prove it. Bring Alexa back. She’s what would make me whole.”
“I told you, I’m not a genie. And I can only perform magic that will help bring this wish to its end. Besides,” she tapped her temple, “bringing your sister back is you thinking of what you’d ask for.” Then she placed her hand on her chest. “But your soul knows what will really bring you happiness. It wished for something else.”
Whatever. She obviously didn’t get it. She heard the wish wrong or something because Alexa coming back would fix everything.
“I can’t bring people back once they’re gone.” With a look of pain that stopped me cold she added, “That is beyond even my boss’s ability.”
“I’m going to go get Lexi,” I said after a few seconds and went for the ladder.
“Hang on,” Desiree said. “I’ve got to read the fine print to you before your journey can start.”
“It hasn’t started?” My not-so imaginary childhood friend had come to life. What more was there?
“I haven’t explained everything to you yet,” she said and got out of the chair. She stood in front of me, swaying slightly, and pointed at the futon. “Sit. And you need to listen, listen, listen super close because this is mind-blowing big. You dig?”
Dig? “Do you always use hippie speak?”
“Hard habit to break.” Her expression turned serious. “You ready to hear the deal?”
No. Suddenly I wasn’t. Couldn’t say why but what I wanted was to wake up from this stupid dream. Sure, everything would still be mediocre, but I could learn to be content with that. Good enough. Move along. Life would get better on its own eventually.
Instead I softly said, “Lay it on me, sister.”
She lowered her glasses and locked her hazy-blue eyes on me. “You’ve heard the saying ‘be careful what you wish for’?”
A shiver shot up my back, making my whole body twitch, taking away some of my excitement, and leaving dread in its place. I nodded.
“Now and then a wish takes on a life of its own.” Despite the dark, warning tone in her voice and locked-on-target stare, she seemed almost elated. “Once a wish has started, there’s no stopping it. No matter what happens, no matter what path things head down, I cannot stop it.”
I shivered again and suddenly felt very exposed.
“Also, I cannot, under any circumstances, interfere with the course of the wish. Even if this turns out to be one of those wishes that take the wrong branch, you have no choice; you’ll have to follow it to the end.”
“So you’re saying,” I started and paused to swallow the sudden lump in my throat. “You make it sound like things are going to go badly.”
“Only the cosmos knows that,” she said. “All I can advise is that you think carefully before accepting what appears to be the gilded trail.”
This was crazy. She was crazy. Why was she purposely trying to freak me out? I held my head high and did my best to sound like I was negotiating a business deal. “What’s my motivation if that’s the risk? What do I get in the end?”
She held my gaze for a long, creepy moment. Then, creepier still, a thin smile crept across her equally thin lips. “To know whatever it is that’s hiding in your soul.”
I wanted to respond, but, literally, no words would come out of my mouth.
Desiree dug into her fringed bag again and pulled out a flat, round, green stone about the size of my palm. She held it out to me but pulled it back before I could take it.
“One more thing specific to your wish.” Her expression turned big-sister serious. “Lexi was your imaginary friend. Sometimes there’s a good reason those friends disappear. Be certain you truly, truly, truly want to bring her back.” Then she set the stone in my hand.
Etched into the center of it was a circle. Well, almost a circle. There was a small gap, like a gate had been opened on a round fence. “What is this?”
“An emerald.”
“What’s this etching?”
“Technically it’s called a Zen circle,” Desiree said. “There are about as many interpretations for it as there are people. To me a circle is a perfect thing, the symbol of a complete journey. Your circle is broken because your journey is not yet complete.”
“What does it do?” I turned the stone over. It was pretty, green with lighter green veins running through it. The backside was smooth, no etching.
“First, it starts the wish,” Desiree said and sat back in the hammock chair. “After that, think of it as a mystical paging device. If you really need to, you can call me with it. I can’t change your journey, but I will come to help settle your mind.”
Like a transcendent psychiatrist. “So what do I do?”
“Hold it in your hand and place your thumb over the circle.”
“So push the button?”
A short flash of light lit up The Haven as the sun shone through the clouds, and then it got swallowed again a second later. Desiree glanced at the stone and nodded. “Push the button.”
I looked from her to the stone to Lexi. My thumb hovered, itching to settle on that circle, but wouldn’t commit.
“Take a while,” she said. “Take the night. I’ll hold the wish open for you.” She seemed almost hopeful that I would.
“No.” This was the most exciting thing that had happened to my boring life in years. “I want to know what’s hiding in my soul. To the kids in school, maybe even to Mama and Uncle Enzo, I look like I’ve got it all together.” I paused because I didn’t trust my voice to stay steady. As I started again, my eyes filled with tears. “I get straight A’s. I’ve got this great cooking club going, Nourishing Nosh, and I’m planning to put up a cooking and nutrition website for kids, NourishingNosh.com. I’ve got a plan for my future as thoroughly mapped-out as the garden I’m going to plant.”
Desiree took off the granny glasses and looked at me with sympathy. She knew. I don’t know how, but she knew everything. Everything.
“But?” she asked softly.
“But I’m miserable.” Tears spilled freely. “I stay up most of the night studying or making plans for the club and my future or taking care of things for Mama. I’m scared that if I don’t keep pushing myself and doing things as perfectly as possible that—”
“That what, Miss Mandy?”




 Chapter Six 

Desiree


She wouldn’t say any more. If only she would have, her soul would’ve split open and the wish, and all that came along with it, could’ve been avoided. But it wasn’t my place to tell her that. I could only provide warnings. So I pushed, pushed, pushed those warnings and hoped Mandy would turn the other way.
She listened, but it didn’t matter. Her soul ached, filled with deep-buried words as hurtful as sticks and stones. This wish would bring those words to the surface, but that, it seemed, was what her soul wanted. And when a person is missing something in their life, sometimes the way to fill the hole only makes sense to the person.
Just like my brother’s decision to join the Army in 1969 only made sense to him.
“I can’t believe this is what Craig really wants,” I’d told my boyfriend, Glenn, the day after The Picnic. We were in the same park, sitting on a blanket under a tree. He’d leaned against the tree and wrapped his arms around me.
“Don’t know,” Glenn said.
“Don’t know? That’s it?”
“I know what you want me to say,” Glenn said. “You want me to tell you you’re right, and he’s making a huge mistake. You know I don’t agree with the war, but I do believe everyone has a right to make their own decisions. If this is right for him, who are we to tell him he’s wrong?”
The thing I loved the most about Glenn was that exact attitude. He believed that both men and women should be able to do exactly what they wanted. That no one had the right to tell anyone they couldn’t or shouldn’t do something. I’d mentioned becoming a doctor once, just for the hell of it, and he told me to go for it. My father had laughed and said girls couldn’t be doctors. My mother had wanted to know how I would be both a doctor and a mother. Because it was a foregone conclusion that I would someday have kids. And choosing a career over motherhood was not an option in her mind.
It’s not that I wanted to be a doctor. It’s more that I wanted the right to make the choice. All girls should have that right. And Glenn never once told me I was crazy for thinking it.
“Maybe we should go on a trip,” Glenn said as a wonderfully cool breeze blew through the shade beneath the tree. 
“A trip?” 
“Why not? The stress is crazy around your house right now, and it’s only going to get worse. A little road trip to get away from everyone for a while is just what you need.”
“You and me?” I loved the idea. My parents would flip if I asked though. So I wouldn’t ask.
“You and me.” He traced a finger down my cheek, pulled my hair back, and kissed my neck. “We can sleep under the stars. Stop for food at roadside stands and little diners. See some of the country before the summer’s over and our senior year begins. By this time next year we’ll be getting ready for college so it’s now or never.”
“Craig has a tent,” I said, relaxing into the shoulder massage he was giving me. “We should have one with us in case it rains.”
“You want to do it then?”
“What about your job?” Glenn was very spontaneous and didn’t always think things through. Another thing I loved about him.
He shrugged. “They hired plenty of caddies. The golf course can do without me for a couple of weeks.”
“Okay,” I said. Glenn spun me around to give me a celebratory kiss, and I put a hand on his chest to hold him back. “But if Craig really is leaving we can’t take off until after he’s gone.”
The timing was perfect because it would help me get my mind off of my brother being in Vietnam. My parents would be furious with me, but it would be worth it. They could ground me for the whole school year if they wanted when we got back. I’d have memories of the trip to keep me company if they did.




 Chapter Seven 

Mandy


With each step closer to Lexi I took, the more nervous I got. What if she was different, like Crissy and Brooke, and didn’t want to be around me anymore? That was crazy though. I’d created her to be exactly what I needed.
“Lexi?” I called out, my voice a little shaky.
She turned and leapt to her feet. “Oh my God! Booty Girl!”
I groaned as she wrapped her arms around me. “You know I hate that nickname.”
Could I help it if I came from a long line of booty-endowed women?
“You know I love to tease you with it.” She held me in that hug for so long I wasn’t sure she’d ever let go. “I don’t know why I’m here, but damn, I’m glad I am.”
We both stood back, grinning and checking each other out. 
I remembered Lexi as being a pretty six-year-old, but now she was positively gorgeous. Even in skinny jeans and Uggs, a tight black tank top and over-sized flannel shirt, she looked amazing and completely comfortable with herself. Her hair flowed in thick waves halfway down her back and was this amazing blend of straw and gold and ivory with super cool black streaks framing her face. Mine was a frizzy mud-brown mess. Her slender fingers were perfectly manicured—not a chip or ragged edge to be seen. My fingernails had been chewed to nubs, and the hangnails were out of control. But the most amazing thing about her was her eyes: the color of melted gold with thick, black-brown lashes.
“I’m not sure why you’re here either,” I said, “but I’m glad too. You have no idea how glad.”
She linked her arm with mine and guided me in the direction of the house. “You don’t know why I’m here?”
I shook my head.
“You met Desiree?” I asked.
She rolled her eyes, which told me everything.
“She says this wish came from someplace hidden deep in my soul. I must be pretty messed up if I’ve got all this stuff going on inside me.” I laughed, but it wasn’t funny. My eyes stung and I blinked away the threatening tears. “Anyway, since you came from somewhere inside me, you get to help me figure out what’s so dark and creepy in there.”
“I don’t know if I’m flattered or repulsed.” She made a face.
“All I know,” I said, giving her arm a squeeze, “is that if anyone can help me, it’s you.”
She stopped walking and gave me a low curtsy. “At your service, milady.”
We walked along, trying to stay on the thick clumps of matted-down meadow grass instead of the rain-saturated ground. Our feet still got soaked so we squelched happily through the puddles the rest of the way to the house.
“I saw you all over town today,” I said. “Why have you been stalking me? Why didn’t you come up to me at the library or talk to me at the co-op?”
“Couldn’t,” Lexi said. “I wasn’t supposed to. Something about a transition period to let you adjust to the fact that I was real.”
“Seriously?”
“I know. Totally stupid, right? Desiree yelled at me when she saw me say those, what, ten words to you about red peppers.”
“Saw you? She’s watching us?”
“I guess. She’s got this wall of TV screens in her bus so she can look in on different people. Yours isn’t her only wish.”
I scowled. “Who’d want to live in a school bus?”
“Oh it’s really cool,” Lexi said. “The outside is painted with flowers and peace signs and swirls in every color imaginable. Inside, the walls are all covered in these old tin squares, and the floor is wood planks. It’s got a bed and a teeny kitchen and a wood-burning stove in the back. Even a bathroom with a claw-foot tub. You’d love it.”
We went in the house and took off our soggy shoes and socks. Lexi said she starving, so I offered her some of the roasted red pepper hummus I’d made.
“What are you looking at?” Lexi asked as she dipped another baby carrot into the hummus. “This is excellent, by the way.”
“Thanks. And I was looking at your eyes.” Next to Lexi’s, my own generic chocolate ones were beyond boring. “No one has eyes like yours. I used to tell Mama you had—”
“Toast eyes,” Lexi completed my thought. “Eyes the color of the most perfectly toasted piece of white bread, you said. Guess you were meant to be a cook from the time you were six.” She munched two more hummus-carrots then got up from the table and wandered around the big farmhouse kitchen, looking at everything. “It’s different in here.”
“A little,” I said. “Mama gave me some money to decorate it last summer.” 
I’d painted the cabinets and table and chairs a deep barn red. Uncle Enzo installed white ceramic tiles on the counters and refinished the wood floor. I’d found new curtains and linens on the clearance rack at Target. Far from gourmet, but at least it was cheerier now.
“Do you remember how it used to look?” I asked.
“I remember everything up until the day I left. Then there’s a big gap and now here I am again.” Then she smiled that wicked Lexi smile. “Can’t wait to find out what I get to do this time.”
I knew what she was thinking. I’d imagined her into being to basically be my alter ego. The Batman to my Bruce Wayne. Or maybe Wonder Woman to my Diana Prince. No, Lexi had way more attitude than Wonder Woman.
“So what’s going on with you?” Lexi asked. “You had those new friends when I left. Everything was cool, and you were happy with life. Other than your pathological fear of upsetting people. You’re over that, right?”
“Um…”
Lexi wagged her head side-to-side. “Mandy, Mandy. What am I going to do with you?”
“I’m trying,” I objected. “I went to a party last night.”
“Good for you! You had fun?”
“Well, I should have,” I said. “Except Brooke ignored me most of the night and then got passed-out drunk and Crissy hooked up with her boyfriend.”
“Hooked up? What do you mean?”
“You know,” my face went hot, “they were making out and stuff.” I couldn’t tell if it was the act or the term she didn’t understand.
“Right in front of everyone?” This time I couldn’t tell if she was judging or intrigued.
“I don’t know for sure what they were doing; they were under a blanket. Whatever it was, it wasn’t something she should’ve been doing in public.”
I cringed. Could I be a bigger prude?
Lexi looked in every cupboard and stopped to study each of the many pictures on the refrigerator. She tapped a perfect, multi-color glittered fingernail on one of Enzo. “I recognize your uncle. Who are these people with him?”
“That’s my aunt, Anna Maria, and their baby, Rocco.”
“They named their baby Rocco?” Lexi asked. “Sounds like a pimp or a gangster.”
“Lexi!” There’s that attitude. Lexi always said exactly what she thought. I usually thought first and then edited so I was sure I wouldn’t offend anyone. “They said they wanted him to have a tough name so no one would pick on him.”
“Pick on him? Everyone will probably be so afraid of him he’ll be rolling in stolen lunch money by third grade.”
I laughed. “Stop. He will not.”
“So your family got a little bigger. What’s going on with your dad?”
“Same old stuff,” I said. “Got my birthday card last week.”
“Better a week early than two weeks late.”
“I guess.”
“Just a card?”
“There was a ripped and wrinkled ten stuffed inside,” I said. “He scribbled ‘Dad’ at the bottom.” That was it. No love. No warmly. No have a nice day. Christmas presents were usually something equally heartwarming.
“Got a stepdad yet?” Lexi asked, moving on to a different topic. Thank God.
“I think Mama would need to actually go on a date for that to happen.” I dipped one of the few remaining carrots into the hummus and popped it in my mouth. Crunchy, creamy, and slightly bitter all at once. Yum! “Mama lives for her job. We hardly ever see each other. Even when she’s home.”
Lexi frowned and made a sad “hmm” sound. Then she noticed Brulée, who had been glowering at her from a corner since she entered the house. “Who’s the furball?”
I tried to introduce them, but when I went to pick him up, he ran upstairs, probably for the sanctuary beneath my bed. Honestly, I was shocked that he’d stayed in her presence for as long as he had.
“That’s Brulée. I got him about four years ago. He’s not much of a people person.”
“Is your mom here?” Lexi asked. “I can’t wait to finally meet her face-to-face.”
“She’s out of town. At a conference,” I said.
Lexi gasped, shoved a cupboard drawer shut, and spun around. “She left you alone on your birthday? On your sweet sixteen?”
“It’s not a big deal.” It wasn’t. Really. I was used to her being gone all the time. “This conference is only offered every other year, and it’s important for her job. I had plans with Brooke and Crissy anyway.” Lexi stood there blinking at me. “I told her to go to the conference. She sent me a happy birthday text yesterday morning so, you know, she didn’t forget.”
“Still,” Lexi shook her head disapprovingly. “What’s a text?”
Okay, I had some things to catch her up on. Clearly everything in the database that is my brain didn’t transfer successfully into the imagination section and, therefore, Lexi.
“It’s a message on my phone.”
“Like on an answering machine?”
“Sort of. I’ll show you later. Anyway, she’ll be home tomorrow afternoon.”
Right then thunder rumbled deep and long and heavy drops of rain spattered against the kitchen window.
“More rain. Looks like a great day to work on a recipe for next week’s cooking club,” I said. “I was going to try broccoli-cheese soup.”
“Sounds fun. Show me what to do.”
“First, we need to bake the bread,” I explained. “Set the oven to three-fifty, the bread will be done when it reaches around two hundred degrees. In about an hour.”
“Got it,” Lexi said with a nod. “Two hundred degrees, one hour.”
We spent the afternoon baking the bread bowls and making soup. That evening we pulled out the futon in The Haven, snuggled under the thick down comforter, and talked. And talked. There were a ton of things for me to tell her. Not only about me, but stuff that wasn’t in our world when we were six, starting with hooking up and texts. She didn’t know what an email was either. Or the Internet since I’d never used it when she was here before. Then there was the topic of boys. They had cooties when we were six—some still did—so we talked about boys a lot. Specifically Ethan.
I was so completely content sitting there with her that if my wish was simply to have a night with my best friend again, it was a wish well made. It was really late, and we were both almost asleep when a thought slammed into my brain. “Where are you going to stay?”
“What?” Lexi mumbled and scowled at me. Guess she had already fallen asleep.
“Where are you going to stay?” I repeated.
“Um, here.”
“Tonight, sure. But how are we going to explain you to Mama? You don’t have a mom for her to talk to so she’ll think you’re a runaway and want to report you.”
“It’ll be fine,” Lexi said with a yawn and then settled back under the comforter. “We’ll worry about that later.”
Worry later? I couldn’t think of a single time when I hadn’t done my worrying instantly. Standard procedure, in fact, was for me to worry about things way before they happened. But nothing in my world was normal right then so, what the heck, we’d worry later. What could go wrong?




 Chapter Eight 

Mandy


“Lexi?” Mama said and held out her hand in greeting. “Nice to meet you. I don’t think I’ve ever heard Mandy talk about you…” Her voice faded away and the look she gets when she thinks I’m keeping something from her passed over her face. “Sorry. The last person I knew named Lexi was Mandy’s imaginary…” And again she let her words drift and stared at Lexi. “How odd.”
It was those darned gold eyes. No one had eyes that color. I should have created her with standard blue.
“Mama?” I blurted, trying to distract her before she started to suspect the truth. “Would it be okay if Lexi stayed with us for a while?”
“Stayed with us?” she asked as she set her computer bag and purse on a kitchen stool.
“Yeah, just for,” I was going to say a few days, but honestly, I had no idea how long the wish would last. Something I probably should’ve asked Desiree about. “Her mom is out of town. We’re not really sure for how long.” Details were not my forte.
But they were Lexi’s.
“She’s in San Francisco,” Lexi said. “On business.”
“Well before I can say yes,” Mama said, “I’ll need to talk with your mother, Lexi. To be honest, how do I know you aren’t a runaway?”
I gave Lexi an I-told-you-so look. I knew she wouldn’t just go with it. She worked for the county social services juvenile department and heard every story possible. Needless to say, she was obsessive about covering her bases when it came to other people’s kids.
“She’s not a runaway,” I said.
“Still,” Mama said, “I need to talk to her mother. We’ve never even met after all. I need to hear from her that it’s okay for Lexi to stay here. I’ll need contact information and numbers for doctors. I assume you go to Mandy’s school. We’ll need to let them know you’re staying here.” 
Mama ticked off items on the fingers of one hand and moved on to the second hand. I wasn’t really listening though because out of everything Mama asked for, one thing jumped out at me: contact information. I prayed Lexi could pull something out of somewhere to cover this one too. We could fudge everything else but an actual mother?
“No problem,” Lexi said like she had to run upstairs and grab her purse. “She’s on a plane right now so I’ll have to wait a little while to call her.”
“She’s already gone?” Mama asked. “She was going to leave you home alone?”
 “You left me alone,” I pointed out, for which I received The Stink Eye.
“For a weekend,” Mama said stiffly. “Which is significantly different than an extended business trip. And you assured me a dozen times it was fine for me to leave so don’t try and make me feel guilty after the fact.” She paused to compose herself. “Enzo is right down the road. I made sure he’d keep an eye on you before I left.”
When Mama turned her back to look for something in her bag, grumbling about never being able to catch a break, I grabbed Lexi’s arm and dragged her upstairs.
“This is different too,” Lexi said looking around my bedroom.
The last time Lexi’d seen it, my room was painted pink with a pink-and-white checked bedspread and matching curtains. Cute, but talk about pink overload. 
“It’s so, um—” Lexi began.
“Clean?” I asked.
“I think sterile better describes it.”
There was nothing on the floor but a rug, nothing on the dresser but a standing mirror and jewelry tray. Only a cookbook, a lamp, and an alarm clock sat on the night table.
“I call it minimally-in-need-of-housekeeping since that’s on my responsibilities list,” I said. “All I do is sleep in here. If I’m not in the kitchen coming up with new recipes, I’m in The Haven.”
“That explains why that’s so cluttered.”
“Do you like it?” I asked, sweeping a hand at the room.
“It’s great. You did this yourself, didn’t you?”
What could I say? I had champagne taste and a generic cola budget.
“The summer after Enzo and Anna Maria started dating Anna Maria said she wanted us to get to know each other better. We spent nearly every Friday and Saturday afternoon going to garage sales. She was looking for things for their house and in the process I found a bunch of slightly beat-up stuff that just needed a little attention.”
I’d covered the pink walls with pale green paint. All the furniture I’d scavenged—the nightstand, the lamp, and the bench at the foot of my bed—got coats of glossy white paint.
“At one sale we found some fabric that Anna Maria turned into the quilt on my bed and Roman shades.”
I loved that fabric, a big paisley print of muted greens, pinks, and purples. Girly, but not at all babyish. I didn’t realize until a few months later that those were the same colors in the room I’d shared with Alexa. She loved pink, I loved green; purple was sort of a combination.
“Really nice,” Lexi said, bouncing on my bed. “You’re the creative one. I’d probably just look for a room in a magazine and buy everything on the page.”
“Okay, back on topic,” I said. “What are we going to do about contact information? Mama’s going to want an actual phone number with an actual person at the other end of it. If we don’t provide that she’ll report you as either abandoned or a runaway.”
“Push the button,” Lexi said, calm as the eye of a hurricane, and flopped backward to lie down.
“What?”
“That stone thing Desiree gave you. She said you could call her if you need help.”
I forgot about the stone. I’d set it in the drawer of my nightstand last night. I pulled it out and place my thumb over the circle which started to glow softly. Two seconds later Desiree was standing in my room.
I jumped. May have even let out a little scream of surprise. I mean, couldn’t she use some sort of warning system? A ringing bell or a puff of smoke? My wish mistress, it seemed, had a mean streak.
“You summoned?” she asked.
“Mom!” Lexi jumped off the bed to wrap her arms around Desiree.
“I just delivered you,” Desiree said, hugging her back. “Mandy created you.”
“My mom wants to talk to Lexi’s mom before she’ll let her stay here,” I said.
“Yeah, I heard.” She, like Lexi, was as calm as I was panicked.
“You were eavesdropping on us?” I asked. Then I remembered the wall of TV screens Lexi had mentioned.
“I observe only enough to keep track of my charges,” Desiree said. “And there’s not much I can do to help you. I’m forbidden from interfering. Remember?”
“You wouldn’t be interfering,” I said, pulling up a mental list and inserting checkmarks next to items as we covered them. “All you have to do is agree with what we already told her. Most importantly that you’ll be away on business for a while and would be eternally grateful if Lexi could stay with us. All you have to do is play the role we created.”
Desiree thought for a moment then said, “I guess agreeing with a story isn’t really interfering.”
“Congratulations!” Lexi cheered and hugged Desiree again. “You’re a mom. It’s a girl.”
“Hang on,” Desiree said. “Before we celebrate too much I should check the rules in my manual first.” And she disappeared.
“Where’d she go?” I asked, feeling like I’d just seen Hermione disapparate from Hogwarts or whatever.
“Okay,” Desiree said as she reappeared. I jumped again. Seriously, what would be so hard about a warning chime? “As long as I don’t have to make any decisions on my own, it’s groovy.”
“I’ll need a number too,” I told her.
“Six,” Desiree said.
“Excuse me?”
“It’s my favorite.” Desiree lay down on the floor—arms and legs spread wide—then wiggled her fingers in an attempt to coax Brulée to come to her. He stayed in the corner and licked his paws.
“No,” I said. A dull headache was forming behind my left eye. “I need a phone number so Mama can call you if something bad happens. Don’t worry, that’s not likely. She’s so busy with work lately Lexi could lose an arm, and she wouldn’t notice.”
“And she questions my parenting skills,” Desiree said. “Fine. I’m not supposed to share it, that’s what the emerald is for, but I’ll give you my cell number. Just so you know, the roaming charges are astronomical.” She wrote down the number and handed it to me. “Only use it if she loses an arm.”
So Lexi and I went downstairs and gave Mama the paper with Desiree’s number. Mama called and they chatted for a couple of minutes, Mama using her professional voice the whole time. The one that said, “I can spot a neglected child from twenty paces so don’t think you’re going to get away with anything.” She wrote down more information and gave her cell and office numbers to Desiree.
“A few weeks?” Mama’s voice rose, ready to call the authorities again. “You were going to leave your daughter alone for—” There was a long pause where she listened and nodded a lot. Then she looked at Lexi, and her voice became almost serene. “Of course. I can already tell she’ll fit in fine here.” More nodding. “Okay. One other thing, not to sound cheap but does Lexi have money for expenses?” She looked at Lexi and gave a thumbs-up.
 “You have money?” I asked Lexi.
“If my mom says I do then I must,” Lexi said. “We’ll have to check the magic duffle upstairs.”
That would be the small duffle bag that had appeared in my bedroom while we slept last night. We came in from The Haven to take showers and stuff and there it was, sitting in the middle of my bed. A tag on the handle said “Lexi.” She pulled out shampoo and a hairdryer, a curling iron and a flatiron, brushes and makeup. Just when we figured it was empty, two full outfits, including shoes and jewelry, appeared inside.
“Does the school know you’re out of town?” Mama asked Desiree. 
I leaned over to Lexi sitting next to me at the kitchen table. “I don’t know what’s going on, but it looks like it’s working. I can’t believe she’s agreeing so fast. Usually she makes parents fill out a form just so someone can stay overnight.”
“Maybe Desiree cast a spell on her,” Lexi said.
The whole time she and Desiree talked, Mama had a dazed look on her face, like she was in a trance. She asked all her standard child-advocate questions, but she didn’t hesitate to accept the answers. I mean, I figured she’d object to something just because that was her way of maintaining control. Maybe Desiree did cast a spell.
“Okay. I think we’ve covered everything. Have a good trip.” She hung up and turned to us, the dazed look gone and the in-charge one firmly in place again. “It looks like you’ll be staying with us for a while. I’m gone a lot, but Mandy knows the rules. I expect you to follow them while you’re here.”
“Mother,” I said with a groan of embarrassment, “we’re not children.”
She stared at Lexi again and shook her head. “I’m sorry. You seem so familiar to me.”
Lexi shrugged. “I just got here. I must remind you of someone else.”
“You must,” Mama said. “I’m going to unpack and throw some laundry in the machine. You’ve got dinner?”
“Yep,” I said. “Don’t I always?”
The next morning, Mama had already left for work by the time Lexi and I got up.
“Do you suppose the school really knows you’re coming?” I asked. What would we do if we got there and they were clueless?
“I’m sure Desiree took care of everything,” Lexi said, then bounced on her feet a little. “This is exciting. I’ve never gone to school before.”
“You’ll get over it,” I promised while tossing some kibble in Brulée’s dish. I poured three travel mugs of coffee—two with creamer for me (the second was for later in the day), Lexi wanted hers black—then handed her a homemade granola bar, grabbed our lunch sacks, and we hit the road.




 Chapter Nine 

Mandy


At school, we found that Desiree had in fact taken care of everything. By the look on the secretary’s face, none of the school and medical records for Lexi Pollux had been there when she’d left work the night before. But with that same slightly entranced expression my mom had while talking on the phone to Desiree Mrs. Hanover dismissed it as “I’ve been working too hard.” She was about to hand Lexi her class schedule when Principal Nolan burst through her door, walkie-talkie in hand.
“Do you have any EpiPens, Janine?”
“We’ve got some in the health room,” Mrs. Hanover said while digging through the cabinet next to her desk.
“No one’s in the health room until eight,” Ms. Nolan said. “I don’t know where they are in there, and we need one fast.” Then into the walkie-talkie, “We’re looking. I’ll be right there.”
“Found one.” Mrs. Hanover held the injector high over her head. “Who?”
“Brooke Pulaski,” Ms. Nolan said on her way out the door. “Someone gave her something with peanut butter in it. Call her mother for me.”
“Brooke?” I gasped. She was always so careful.
“Oh, hon,” Mrs. Hanover said. “She’s your friend, isn’t she?” 
I nodded.
“We’ll take care of her.” She clicked her mouse across her computer screen a few times, looking for Brooke’s home phone probably. Then she picked up the phone while handing Lexi her schedule. “Welcome, Lexi. We’re glad to have you here.”
“What happened to Brooke?” Lexi asked.
“She’s super-allergic to nuts,” I told her. “Her throat closes up and she breaks out in a rash. It’s bad.”
“What’s an EpiPen?”
“It’s a syringe pre-filled with epinephrine.” Lexi blinked at me. “Allergy medicine to stop the reaction.”
We followed Ms. Nolan to the gym where Brooke met with the Poms Squad nearly every morning. We were only allowed ten steps into the gym before the gym teacher stopped us.
“She doesn’t need any more people around her,” Mr. Spitzer said.
The entire squad had formed a circle around Brooke, who was sitting on the floor by the stands. She wasn’t gasping or panicking so it looked like she would be okay. I’d seen a bad reaction once. I hoped to never see one again; it was terrifying.
“What is she doing?” Lexi asked when Ms. Nolan jammed the EpiPen into Brooke’s thigh.
“That’s how you give the medicine,” I explained. “She should be fine in a minute, but I’m sure her mom will take her to the doctor to get checked out.”
“Okay, girls,” Mr. Spitzer said, “move along. Nothing more to see here.”
I tried to catch Brooke’s eye before we left, but she was too busy fielding questions and tears from the squad members.
“What does all this mean?” Lexi held out her schedule to me.
Turned out Lexi had only two classes with me—chemistry and English—which sort of annoyed me at first. Lexi was there for me, so why didn’t we have all the same classes? But then I realized Lexi was signed up for classes I wouldn’t take because even though I’d probably enjoy them, they wouldn’t add much to my college transcripts. Honestly, I was a little jealous. She had art. I would’ve loved to take an art class. Ceramics especially would’ve been fun. I could have made my own serving bowls.
We’d just settled into our seats in first period chemistry when Ethan crouched by my side. Instantly, heat flared in my belly and rushed up to my face. I could only imagine how many shades of red I had turned.
“You left,” he said.
“The party?” Of course the party. What else could he mean? 
“Yeah,” he said. “I explained to the moron who stuck his tongue down your throat that he was an idiot, then came looking for you again.” He gave an awkward smile. “Just wanted to make sure you were all right.”
“My hero.” I was about to add that it would’ve been even better if someone else had kissed me, when our teacher told everyone to take their seats. Sure, the one time I come up with a great line, and I don’t get to use it. Ethan stood and gave me a little wink and went to his desk, three ahead and two to the left of mine.
Who’s he? Lexi wrote in her notebook.
Ethan, I wrote back with a smiley face and a heart.
He’s cute.
Yes he is.
What’s he making sure you’re all right about?
Drunk guy kissed me at that party. It was so gross.
And Ethan saved you?
Yep. And then he kissed me too.
What!? Tell me.
The teacher cleared his throat and looked over his glasses at us.
Later, I wrote to Lexi.
At lunch, I was giving Lexi more details about the party and Ethan when I saw Brooke across the cafeteria. She was about to sit with the Poms but changed direction when she noticed me. Well, Lexi. She wouldn’t change directions for me. Really, she only ate with Crissy and me when one of the Poms had done something she needed to vent about. I braced, preparing for her to try and lure Lexi to the Poms side.
Territorial, yes, but I still played nice. Because that’s how I am. Nice.
“How are you?” I asked when Brooke got close. “I heard about the peanut butter emergency this morning. I tried to get to you, but Mr. Spitzer wouldn’t let me in the gym.”
“I’m fine. Finer than fine. I only touched the thing and got a little rash on my hand. I’m not stupid. I ask before eating.” She rolled her eyes. “Still, my mom came and there was this big drama—”
“This is Lexi,” I said before Brooke could go into detail about the drama. The allergy was a big deal, but she was fine. If she went any further we’d hear the whole story, starting from the moment she touched the peanut butter-laced item to the hot male nurse who took care of her at the emergency room. And she definitely would’ve gotten the hot male nurse. I would’ve gotten a crabby old lady who couldn’t stand teenagers. “Lexi is staying with me for a while.”
“You must be new. I haven’t seen you before,” Brooke said with a because-I-know-everyone tone.
“First day. You must be Brooke,” Lexi said with a look only I understood. I’d told her all about how my friendship with Brooke was all but dead and how Brooke was now upper echelon while I was one of the invisible unknown.
Brooke beamed. Of course Lexi, three hours new to the school, would already know who Brooke was.
“Mandy told me you guys used to be best friends,” Lexi said.
I choked on my coconut water and looked at Brooke. Her smile drooped but only for a second.
“Yep. Mandy and I have been buddies since, what, third grade?”
“First,” I reminded her, stung that she didn’t remember. “I moved here in first grade.”
“Oh, right.” She tossed her hair over her shoulder and sat next to Lexi. “What classes have you got?”
I watched as they compared schedules, Brooke commenting on each teacher. Turned out they had four classes together—art, gym, history, and sociology. With all that togetherness, by the end of the week Brooke would have Lexi wrapped around her little finger, and my no-longer-imaginary friend would be my ex-best friend’s best friend.
No, that wouldn’t happen. If I knew one thing for certain, it was that Lexi and I were solid.
“Lexi, do you like to dance?” Brooke asked. “You should think about joining the Poms.”
Before Lexi could respond, Crissy dropped into her regular seat across from me. “Hey, chicks.”
“What happened to your neck?” Lexi gasped.
I looked up from the hummus and veggies I brought from home to see half a dozen hickeys running along both sides of Crissy’s neck. She looked like she’d been attacked by an octopus.
Crissy smiled and tried to tug her shoulder-length hair around front in an attempt to cover up the marks. It didn’t work.
“Brad,” she said with a dismissive shrug.
“Ah,” Lexi nodded. “You’re Crissy.”
“Yep. Who’re you?”
And the whole introduction of Lexi process began again.
“Are you okay with that?” Lexi wagged a finger toward Crissy’s neck. My stomach clenched. Lexi was about to say what I didn’t have the guts to. “Him branding you as his property?”
I kicked Lexi’s foot under the table and Brooke put her hand over her mouth to hide a smirk.
Crissy’s normally pasty complexion went almost pure white, and her voice caught as she responded. “He didn’t brand me. He just got a little carried away. You know how guys are.”
We didn’t. Well, Lexi and I didn’t. I wasn’t sure what Brooke’s extracurricular dude activities involved. She talked about parties and Poms routines all the time. Occasionally a guy’s name came up, but mostly they all hung out together.
We’d gotten so used to Crissy and her boyfriends that we didn’t think much about it anymore. Both Brooke and I agreed that Crissy was the most guy-crazy girl we knew. We had told her tons of times that we thought she was over-the-top, but she ignored us, like we hadn’t even said anything. We still cared, well I did, couldn’t say for sure what Brooke thought, but we’d given up talking to her about it.
“So why’re you staying with Mandy?” Crissy wanted to know, obviously turning the conversation away from Brad.
“My mom is away on business for a while,” Lexi said. “She thought it would be better if I stayed with someone.”
Crissy waved a breadstick back and forth between us. “How do you know each other?”
“Our moms know each other,” Lexi said without missing a beat. She didn’t add more and, thankfully, Crissy left it alone after that.
Immediately after lunch, Lexi and I had English and at the end of the day we met in front of the school.
“Tell me,” I said and linked elbows with her as we started for the parking lot. “How was your first day of school?”
“Pretty awesome,” Lexi said, her eyes sparkling. Well, they always sparkled; gold does that. But even more now. “I’m not sure if I learned anything, the teachers are kinda boring, but I had a ton of fun watching everyone.”
It was probably only obvious to me, but she acted a little differently. I’d told her about cell phones and the Internet and stuff but couldn’t give any lessons on how to act like a teen. I hadn’t figured that part out for myself yet. She seemed more confident, had more…attitude, I guess. She flipped her hair and had adopted this laughing smile that she used on a couple guys sitting on the trunk of a car as we walked past. She’d absorbed more on how to be a teenager in one day than I had in three years.
“What are we going to do when we get home?” she asked.
“Homework,” I groaned. “Hours and hours of homework.”
“Cool!” Lexi said. “I’ve never done homework before.”
“You’ll get over it.”
And I was right. About an hour after starting, Lexi was bored.
“You got any nail polish?” she asked.
“Two,” I said and pointed my pen toward the bookshelf in The Haven. “They’re in that basket on the top shelf. One baby pink and one neon orange that I bought for Halloween but didn’t have the guts to wear.”
She jumped up and came back with the orange. When she was done with her own nails, she grabbed my hands.
“Oh my God, you so need a manicure.”
“I don’t wear polish,” I said, pulling my hands away. With all the cooking I did, I was constantly washing them, and the polish chipped off in a day or two so it wasn’t worth the bother.
“I’ll use the pink,” she tempted.
“Thanks, but I have to do my homework,” I said. If I hadn’t bitten my nails down to nothing maybe I’d be okay with her painting them, but why draw attention to something so ugly?
“You can take a break.” Translation: quit being so boring.
I looked up and laughed at her goofy grin. “You’re a bad influence.”
The grin faded, and she turned darkly serious. “Life is to live, Amanda Rosalina.” She stared at me for a few seconds without blinking, then brightened again. “I had the best time today. I’ve never been around so many people before. It was great. I don’t know how long I’ll be here so I intend to live it up and experience everything I can before my time is up. And it would be perfect if you joined me.”
She made it sound like she had a terminal disease and only had weeks to live. And I suppose in a way that was true.
“You’re right,” I said and let out a heavy sigh. No one knew better than I did how life could end in a flash. “Thing is, I’m still going to be here after you leave so homework isn’t optional for me.” At least I planned to be around for a good long time. “Do you want to make dinner? You could make something simple like ham and cheese sandwiches and heat up some soup maybe. If you do that I can keep doing my homework, and you can do my nails later.”
“Deal!” Lexi said. She actually skipped as we headed to the house from the barn. I gave her a quick tour of the kitchen, pointed out where sandwich supplies were, and then went up to my room to continue copying the history notes I’d borrowed from Geneva. Ethan had been doing that chewing-on-his-pen thing again so I totally missed half of the lecture. Seriously. Pen-chewing. I was beyond pathetic.
Two hours later, Mama stuck her head in my bedroom. She still had on her work clothes—the brown pencil skirt, orange sweater, and silk scarf combo that she said gave her confidence. She must’ve had to testify in court today. “Did you know that Lexi is making dinner?”
I nodded.
“Did you also know that Lexi has absolutely no idea how to cook?”
Mama had this way of keeping completely calm even during the most messed up situations. It came from years of restraining herself from visibly reacting to the horrible things some of her clients shared with her. But because I knew her so well, I spotted the slight twitch on the right side of her mouth that meant this was one of those messed up situations.
“Oh no.” I rushed down to find a kitchen that resembled a day care playroom after toddlers with too much sugar and no naps had been left unsupervised for the afternoon. Nearly every cupboard door was open. The stove was covered in burnt-on…something. Blobs of flour and vegetable peelings covered the counters. She’d taken literally everything out of the refrigerator.
I’d suggested soup and sandwiches. It never occurred to me that helping with broccoli-cheese soup the other day would turn her into Julia Child.
“Um, Lexi, what did you do?”
She smiled. “Dinner is served.” She pulled a pan of something out of the oven.
“What is it?” Mama asked, looking like she’d rather gnaw on old shoes than whatever that was.
“I found it in the freezer. It said chuck roast on the label,” Lexi said. “Then I found a bunch of stuff in the fridge that looked sort of yummy and ta-da!”
A charred mound of what I guessed was the roast sat in the center of my favorite cake pan. Correction, what used to be my favorite cake pan. No way it would ever come clean again. Lots of things that I think used to be brightly-colored vegetables and/or fruit but now were equally charred, surrounded the mound-o-meat.
“It all looked so good I threw everything in,” Lexi said. She had that begging-for-praise look a four-year-old might give after finger painting her own masterpiece over a Van Gogh.
The vegetables weren’t a complete loss, but the roast, while burnt on the outside, was still frozen on the inside.
“Sorry,” Lexi said when she realized dinner was inedible. “It was fun though. I see why you like to cook. I’ll do better next time.”
“Not sure you could do worse,” Mama said, poking at the contents of the pan with a fork. I was sure her there-are-starving-children-in-third-world-countries-and-we-just-wasted-a-roast speech was coming. One look at Lexi’s smile though and she laughed. “How about oatmeal instead?”
“Great!” Lexi said and jumped up. “I’ll do it.”
“No!” Mama and I said in unison.
“How about you watch and learn?” I suggested. I didn’t have that many pots and pans to start with. I couldn’t afford to lose any more. Lexi stood right beside me as I explained, “Add half a cup of oats for each cup of water once the water starts to boil. Give it a stir and let it simmer. That means turn the temperature down to really low so it can thicken.”
While the oatmeal simmered, we gathered bananas, raisins, nuts, maple syrup, brown sugar, and whatever else looked like it might be tasty stirred into oatmeal. Lexi put a pinch of everything into hers. I stuck with bananas, walnuts, and brown sugar.
For the first time in almost a year, Mama and I sat at the kitchen table on a weekday and ate dinner together. Normally that only happened at Enzo’s house on the weekends. She asked how school was going and actually listened to my answer rather than pulling her phone out to check messages while I talked. Then she told us about a new client she’d gotten that day.
“A little boy, six years old,” Mama said. “He has to go into foster care. His mom just got released from rehab. She was on her way to pick him up and take him home when her car was hit by a drunk driver. She died instantly. He doesn’t have any other family.”
My heart hurt for that little boy, but at the same time I kept thinking about how Mama was telling me about her work, actually letting me into her world. After an hour of chatting, she helped us clean up the kitchen and even stuck around to have turtle sundaes with Lexi and me before disappearing into her den for the night.




 Chapter Ten 

Desiree


Watching Mandy with her mom and Lexi reminded me of family dinners ’round the table at my house. Every night between 5:23 and 5:32 (the variance due to traffic lights and/or freight trains) my dad would walk through the door. A hot dinner would be ready to serve as he took his place at the table. Preferably the rest of us would already be seated, waiting for the king to take his throne.
“How was your day, darling?” Mom would always ask as she stood next to him and filled his plate.
The same question would be asked three more times to Craig, Carol, and then me. I don’t remember any of us ever asking how her day went. All she did was clean and cook. Boring, was the answer we’d probably get if we had asked. Still, she sat and listened, nodded and smiled, satisfied that those she cared for had lives even though she didn’t.
One night, a few days after The Picnic, we gathered for dinner when Dad got home. As usual, he loosened his tie and groaned as his backside connected with his chair, worn out from a hard day working for The Man. Once Mom had filled everyone’s plates, she and Carol started chattering about wedding plans. Roger, the fiancé, had been working at his father’s accounting office since graduating last year and was taking night classes to get his college degree. He earned a steady paycheck so he and Carol could get married right away. No one saw a problem with this. I didn’t understand why they were in such a rush. But no one asked me.
“Have you come to your senses yet?” Dad growled at Craig.
This put an end to Mom’s side of the wedding discussion. Carol, however, kept talking about flowers and food.
“I never left my senses, Dad,” Craig said, slicing his pork chop into equal bite-sized pieces. “It’s a good plan if you stop to think about it. By enlisting I can stay away from battle when the draft happens. I’ll get a desk job, maybe in the legal department. It’ll only add to my education, and after my time is up I’ll go back to school.”
“Even people in office jobs end up getting shot,” Mom said in an unusual breach of protocol. Dad was always the one to make the statements. Her job was to nod her head and agree with him.
Dad waved a hand, silencing her. “First, you don’t even know there will be a draft. Second, if there is one, you have an exemption.”
“But I want to do this, Dad,” Craig said. “It’s my duty.”
“There are plenty of people who can join the military. Those who don’t have the same opportunities you have.” Dad slammed down his fork and rolled up his cuffs. “I’ve worked damn hard my entire life so my family could have the best things—”
“And we appreciate that,” Craig said as Dad glared over the interruption. “But as citizens of this country we have responsibilities to it.”
“Someone has to run it,” Dad insisted. “If we don’t have well-educated men in the big chairs keeping this country strong, powerful, and on track it will go straight to hell.”
Men. Not women in the big chairs. I couldn’t help but notice that.
“I think soft green would be beautiful for the bridesmaids, don’t you?” Carol said, clearly bored with war talk.
“Yes, very pretty,” Mom mumbled distractedly. Then, breaking ranks once again, she turned to Craig. “Why don’t you at least take some time to think about this? It seems like an awfully sudden decision.”
Craig nodded while he swallowed the peas in his mouth. “I’ve been thinking about this for a few months. We talk about this a lot—”
“Who is ‘we’?” Dad asked. “You and your other responsible buddies?”
The venom in Dad’s voice abruptly brought further debate to an end.
“I’m twenty years old, Dad,” Craig said, running his hand through his hair. “You were married with a son on the way by my age. I’m not responsible for anyone but myself right now so I choose to be responsible to my country. I’m an adult. My decision is made.”
With tears in her eyes, my mother cleared the table. For the first time ever, she took my father’s dinner plate away from him before he’d finished eating. Carol helped, wanting to know what Mom thought would be better, roses with daisies or just roses for her bouquet.
I knew my brother. There was something he wasn’t saying.




 Chapter Eleven 

Mandy


“Put on whatever you like,” I told Lexi after showing her how the radio remote worked. The only way I could convince her to do homework Tuesday night was to let her turn on music.
She started flipping through radio stations and, amazingly, settled on a Spanish station.
“You don’t even understand Spanish,” I said. 
“But it’s so peppy,” she said, bouncing in place as she spread her homework all over the floor of The Haven.
I wasn’t complaining. I didn’t understand it either so the lyrics didn’t distract me. Her constant chattering did though. Finally I set the timer on my phone for one hour.
“When this goes off we can take a fifteen minute break.”
She grudgingly agreed and the second the timer went off said, “I saw you staring at Ethan again. Why this guy? Tell me more about him.”
“Um…” Suddenly my tongue felt bigger than my mouth and words wouldn’t form. This was the same thing that happened when Ethan was in front of me looking all calm, cute, and collected: incoherent babble. I cleared my throat and tried again. “I’m not sure how to answer that. We’ve known each other since elementary school, and my crush started in sixth grade.” I actually sighed, and Lexi burst out laughing.
“Girl, you’re a lost cause.”
I was, totally lost. A warm, fuzzy feeling spread through me as I thought about Ethan. “He’s different from the other guys. He’s a soccer jock, but isn’t all impressed with himself. He’s super polite. I mean, who has manners anymore? His dad plays guitar in a local band on the weekends and taught Ethan to play when he was maybe three. You should hear him on acoustic.”
I realized I was starting to gush so stopped talking.
Lexi smiled softly, but wouldn’t look at me. “You’re lucky.”
“How’s that?” I asked.
“Because he wants you too. But you don’t realize that, do you?”
I laughed. “He wants me? I don’t think so. Not when he’s got every other girl in school drooling over him.”
“Have you ever thought that maybe he doesn’t like drooling?” Lexi closed her history book and took out her sociology notes.
“This is the best feeling and the worst all at once.” I couldn’t stop talking about him. “I mean, my day is sunshiny if I get to talk to him. But then, if I see him talking to another girl, it’s like the blackest night ever.”
Lexi made a “mm-hmm” sound but didn’t take her eyes off her homework.
“I know we don’t know how long you’ll be here,” I said. “We could figure out the wish today, right? Or maybe tomorrow?”
She nodded.
“I hope you have fun while you’re here,” I said, wishing she’d respond. “And I hope you find someone to crush on before you leave.”
That got a smile out of her. “Thanks, Mandy.”
I vowed to myself to worry less about Brooke trying to steal her from me. How childish was I anyway? 
“I have to admit,” I said, “doing chemistry to Spanish radio is a lot more fun.”



“Your club meets here every Wednesday?” Lexi asked.
“Yep,” I said as I flicked on the lights in the school’s kitchen.
“Hey, Mandy.”
I turned to see Ethan in the hall.
“Hi,” I croaked.
“Club night,” he said. “Making something good?”
I nodded. He knew Wednesday was my club night?
He stood there, obviously waiting for me to say something. When I didn’t he shoved his hands in his pockets and said, “Okay. Well, have fun.” And he walked away.
Someone hand me a meat tenderizing mallet so I can beat myself over the head with it.
“What was I saying?” I asked Lexi.
“Nothing to Ethan,” she said with a you-are-so-lame head shake. “We were talking about how your club meets here.”
“Oh. Right.” I waited until the sight of Ethan wasn’t so fresh in my brain, and I could at least try to sound intelligent. “It would be better if we had another place. The school’s lunch lady, Mrs. Mills, hates that we take over her kitchen. Even though we always leave it cleaner than she does.”
Lexi stood off in the corner as the members filed in with their bags of cooking gear. I sent out emails every Monday letting them know what to bring to club that week. Mrs. Mills had fought like a cornered cat over us using her kitchen, but the principal finally told her she had to give a little, this was a high school, and it was only right to be as accommodating as possible for the students. Mrs. Mills caved on the kitchen but not on us using the pots and pans and knives and so on. We also had to come up with portable hot plates because the stove only had six burners and the group was up to a dozen members.
A few gave me hugs and shared good news about making the last week’s recipe—organic vegan banana bread—at home. One had had a disaster.
“What happened?” I asked Sherry, a sophomore with thick, perpetually smudged glasses. I wasn’t really surprised. Only about half of Sherry’s home attempts succeeded. “Your loaf turned out perfectly here.”
Sherry blushed fiercely. “It probably had something to do with half a cup of salt instead of half a teaspoon.”
“Oh.” I cringed and stopped myself from suggesting eyeglass cleaner. “Yeah, big difference. Try it again.”
“I will,” she said.
I dug copies of today’s recipe out of my bag, gave them to her, and asked if she’d hand them out.
“Hey, Mandy.” Geneva this time. She was the first official member of Nourishing Nosh and newest member of the school newspaper. “I’m going to write up a little article on the club for the paper if that’s okay with you.”
Okay? Was she kidding?
“That’s great,” I said. “The more publicity the better. Just say nice things.”
“Of course.” She snapped a few pictures of me with her tablet’s camera then tapped in some notes. “What’s on the menu?”
“Today’s recipe is Broccoli-Cheese Bisque in a Multi-Grain Bread Bowl,” I said proudly. “The recipe calls for homemade bread, but that would take a meeting itself. Instead we’ll use thawed frozen bread dough that Jherie brought.”
Jherie, our nutritionist/mentor from the co-op, gave a little wave to the group. Mostly she sat off to the side at the meetings to make sure that we didn’t do something stupid and hurt ourselves or each other, but she answered a lot of questions too.
“I formed all the dough into little balls.” I showed everyone the pans of dough balls. “They’ve been rising for a couple hours and are now ready to bake.”
“Who’s the new member?” Geneva asked and took a picture of the pan of dough.
“Oh, sorry,” I said and waved Lexi over from her perch in the corner. “This is Lexi Pollux. She’s new to the school.”
A chorus of “Hey, Lexi” and “S’up?” floated around the room.
“You’re going to cook with us, right?” I asked her.
She lifted a shoulder. “Cooking is your world. I really just wanted to see what your club was all about. I should probably leave the kitchen stuff to you.”
Unfortunately, I had to agree. First was the roast debacle, and that morning she’d tried to make coffee. Gloppy, I think, would best describe it.
“Oh come on,” I said. “You don’t need to know how to cook. We go step by step. You’ll learn.”
Lexi scanned the group. A few people nodded in agreement with me.
“All right,” she said. “Since I already made this with you once, maybe it won’t be a disaster.”
“Awesome,” I said. “Will you turn on the oven? We need to get the bread baking.”
She went over to the restaurant-size oven, and stared at it. “How do I turn this one on?”
“Turn the knob.” I laughed. So did a couple other people and Lexi’s face turned pink. “Sorry. One knob is for function, turn it to bake. The other is for temperature—”
“Okay,” Lexi interrupted, her voice clipped. “Got it.”
While the bread baked, the group diced onions, sliced mushrooms, and chopped carrots and celery. While all that sautéed in olive oil, we cut broccoli into florets and potatoes to bite-sized bits. Once ready, we whirled everything except the broccoli in a blender to make a creamy, smooth base, and then stirred in the florets. Half an hour later, our soups were bubbling happily in the pots and ready for sampling.
“My mom loves Wednesdays. She doesn’t have to cook dinner,” Sherry said, pushing her glasses up her nose and taking a deep breath of the bisque in her pot. “This smells so good.”
I headed to the oven. “What we do now is slice the tops off the bread and hollow out the center. Sort of like getting a pumpkin ready for carving. You can sprinkle the bread bits onto the bisque, or let them dry and make bread crumbs to use in another recipe.”
I opened the oven door, expecting to see a couple dozen perfectly browned bread bowls waiting for me. Instead I saw raw lumps that had continued to rise and mashed together into a big blob. My breath caught; this was a disaster. Since the group had started last October, I’d meticulously planned everything. We never ran out of food. No recipe took longer than an hour so we could complete everything in the ninety minutes we were allowed in the kitchen. Sure, there were new-cook incidents—some things came out a little too brown, some a little undercooked, stuff like that—but nothing had ever gone this wrong.
“Sorry, gang,” I said, stunned. “I’m not sure what happened here.”
My mind spun as it went through the troubleshooting checklist of possibilities. Bread dough fully thawed? Check. Formed into properly sized balls? Check. Oven on bake? Check. Temperature set to…
“Lexi? Would you come here a sec?”
Lexi appeared at my side. “What’s up?”
“You set the oven to two hundred degrees.”
“Yeah.”
“It’s supposed to be at three-fifty.”
“No,” she said. “When I asked at your house, you said the dough needed to bake for an hour at two hundred.”
“No.” I took a breath, trying to stay calm. “Remember? One hour at three-fifty until the internal temperature reaches two hundred.”
“Oh,” Lexi said and gave a little shrug. “Sorry.”
But she didn’t sound sorry. And the flippant little shrug spoke volumes. What was that about? I apologized for the oven comment. She wasn’t actually mad at me, was she? Or—no, she wouldn’t have purposely set the wrong temperature. Would she?
I turned to the group. “This is a little reminder to always double-check the recipe. Three-fifty until two hundred. Not the other way around.” They all laughed. “Trust me; the bisque in the bread bowl is fantastic. Right, Lexi?”
“Yep. Super.”
After we’d cleaned up and everyone else had left, Geneva came up to me.
“I’ll leave the part about the bread out of the article,” she said, tucking her tablet into her bag.
That was a bigger relief than it probably should have been.
“The soup is really good,” Geneva continued. “I’m going to stop and get some bread on the way home. Not as fun as in a bread bowl but I’m sure my dad and brother will like it. As long as I don’t tell my brother that the bisque has vegetables in it. I put my broccoli in the blender too so there aren’t any chunks.”



“I’m sorry if I embarrassed you, Lex,” I said when we got to the privacy of the Escape.
“Embarrassed? It was just bread. Not the end of the world.” She got in, buckled up, and looked across at me. “Oh my God. It is the end of the world. For you.”
“No. It’s not that big of a deal. I’ve never had anything fail before though. With the club, I mean.”
“You’re different at the club.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re all in charge and stuff.” She made a disapproving face.
“It’s my club,” I said. “The whole point of it is to show the members how to cook. I can’t really do that if I’m not in charge.”
“But do you have to be arrogant about it?”
Arrogant? Stung, I started the Escape and pulled out of the parking lot.
“This club is all I have,” I finally said.
“Now you’re being dramatic.”
“I’m not.” Tears welled in my eyes. Why was she being like this all of a sudden? “My best friends have pretty much moved on. My mother works constantly. Uncle Enzo has his own family now. This club is all I have.”
Lexi just stared out the window.




 Chapter Twelve 

Mandy


Lexi was up ready for school way before me every day. She loved being around everyone and was picking up their habits quickly. Some were great. I could now talk about texts and stuff, for example, and she knew what I meant. Some habits were a little annoying, like the eye roll and hair flip she adopted. 
At lunch on Thursday, Brooke tried to lure her to the Poms table (“Just come meet them. You’ll love each other.”), but Lexi stayed with Crissy and me. So Brooke joined us. And it wasn’t horrible. Slowly my irritation with Brooke from the beginning of the week lessened. The more time I spent with her, the more she loosened up and the more I remembered why we became friends in the first place. Brooke was funny. And fun to be around. I wished she could care a little less about social standing and partying though.
By Friday, after four whopping days of it, Lexi was beyond tired of homework. Still, she said she was sad for the weekend because she wouldn’t get to see everyone until Monday.
“You’ll get over it,” I said.
But honestly, I was a little sorry for this week to be over too. For a different reason though. Ethan made a point of talking to me, or at least nodding hello, every time we saw each other. Which happened more often than usual. And that wasn’t my imagination. My radar was always set to full power so I never missed an Ethan-spotting. There were far more of them this week.
There was the walking past the kitchen on Wednesday. On Thursday he stopped by my desk at the start of chemistry to ask how club went.
“Not too bad.” I told him what we made. I didn’t mention the bread bowl mishap.
“That sounds really good,” he said. “Will you make it for me sometime?”
Fortunately Mr. Rundle told him to take his seat right then because just that fast, I’d gone mute again.
He walked by our table at lunch. He passed my locker at the end of the day to say goodbye. Naturally I was only able to wave and bark out, “Bye, Ethan” too loudly and high-pitched. I wonder if there was an EpiPen to counteract lameness.
“What do you want to do this weekend?” I asked Lexi after dinner Friday night as we climbed the ladder to The Haven. How cool was this? I actually had someone to spend the weekend with.
“I don’t know,” Lexi said. “What do you usually do?”
“Cook.”
“Boring.”
“Okay then.” I pulled the still-warm brownies we made after dinner up in the bucket-on-a-pulley. “We’ll hit the mall.”
“What do we do there?” Lexi asked.
I went over the concepts of a) window shopping, b) actual shopping, and c) hanging out to see and be seen.
“Even if shopping doesn’t turn out to be your thing, there will be a lot of kids there. You pretty much nailed the school portion of your ‘How to be a Teen’ lessons. Now comes the ‘Out in the Real World’ portion.”
There was nothing on TV, and neither of us felt like driving all the way back into town so we turned on a movie, Pirates of the Caribbean. Lexi loved it so much we watched the trilogy. While we watched, Lexi did her nails and then mine.
We ate the entire pan of brownies, and while the credits rolled for the third movie, Lexi fell asleep on the futon. I wasn’t sleepy, too much sugar, so I searched some Internet sites for Nourishing Nosh ideas.
I found a recipe for baked oatmeal that would fit nicely with my current vegan kick if I swapped almond milk for regular milk and egg substitute for egg whites. I also stumbled across a three-bean Mexican casserole that sounded promising. It had cheese though and I hadn’t been able to find a dairy-free cheese that I liked. I’d push the healthy fiber content of the beans with this recipe and not dwell on the real cheese sprinkled on top. What could I say? Some things were only worth eating in their original state. Like peanut butter. The natural kind was good but the low-fat stuff? Pass.
In the morning, after not enough sleep, which meant a couple extra mugs of coffee, I was excited and ready to spend the entire day with Lexi. I pulled some bills out of a vase decorated with hand-painted flowers that I’d found at a garage sale with Anna Maria. It looked like a little kid—Alexa?—might have painted those flowers. The petals were all different sizes and colors. A yellow circle with lines coming off of it, the sun I think, went around the top. Anyway, it was too cute to resist.
“Where’d you get all that money?” Lexi asked.
“I babysit for Enzo and Anna Maria sometimes,” I said. “And Mama gives me money every week to take care of buying groceries and stuff. At first I spent every penny and had to ask her for more. Finally she taught me about budgets and told me that I could keep anything I didn’t spend. Between coupons and shopping the sales, I rarely spend all of it anymore.”
It was a pretty day so we opened the windows in the Escape and flew through the valley, singing at the top of our lungs. Another of Lexi’s new talents was that she knew all the words to the most popular songs and sang constantly. Fortunately she had a great voice. Must be that alter-ego thing because I couldn’t put two notes together. But Lexi graciously ignored my off-key harmonizing, and we were both hoarse and happy by the time we reached the mall.
Lexi insisted we go into every store we walked past. Every store. We tried on dozens of outfits and shoes and pieces of jewelry. I found a super cute apple-green watch that I had to have.
“You need that jacket too,” Lexi said when I modeled a denim one that fit like it had been mine for years. 
“You think?” But I didn’t really need any encouragement.
At the next store Lexi decided on two pairs of jeans, three shirts, and a pair of heels covered in multi-colored glitter.
“I don’t have enough for all that,” I told her.
“No worries.” She held open her little purse to show me a stack of twenties and fifties inside.
I motioned for the salesperson to hang on for a moment and pulled Lexi aside. “Where’d all that come from?”
“Desiree I guess.”
Duh. Every morning when Lexi woke up, there was a new outfit in the magic duffle bag. Today appeared to be the last day because along with the gray leggings, slouchy black sweater, and gray riding boots, there was a note that said, “You’re on your own after this. Mix and match. Love, D.”
I had wardrobe envy. When Lexi offered me some of the money in that purse, I didn’t object. I took a couple of fifties and two more immediately took their place. Cool! It was even auto-refill.
“Hang on.” I grabbed an awesome white sundress off a nearby rack. It looked great with the denim jacket but would’ve taken all my money. I added it to Lexi’s stack and smiled at the patiently waiting salesperson. “This too.”
Next we went to the makeup counter at a department store and got makeovers. Lexi, of course, looked amazing. I turned out okay too.
Lexi stood behind me and held my frizzy hair into a ponytail. “You look beautiful.”
“I guess.” I watched my face turn red in the mirror.
“You guess?” Lexi said. “Mandy, trust me, you’re beautiful. I don’t understand why you’re so down on yourself all the time.”
“You are lovely,” the makeup lady agreed. “There is something you could do to tame that hair, you know. That would put you over the top.”
“Really?” Lexi asked.
“Absolutely.” Makeup Lady ran her fingers through my hair and frowned at the dry ends. “It’s got potential; nice color and natural waves. Regular conditioning treatments and a little effort would control the frizz and make it fabulous.” She kissed her fingers then sent the kiss out into the world like a French chef praising a stellar entrée. Magnifique! “You just wash it and step out the door, don’t you?”
She made a tsk-ing sound and shook her head without waiting for me to respond. This time my face went almost purple.
“Where can we get that done?” Lexi wanted to know.
“The salon upstairs could do it,” Makeup Lady said. “It’s one of their most popular treatments. I’ll call and get you in for an emergency appointment.” She gave a nod that said, oh, my dear, your hair is definitely an emergency. “You’ll be amazed.”
“Thank you for the makeovers and tips.” I grabbed my bags and stood to leave. “It was fun.”
We bought tons of makeup, pretty much whatever she showed us. If Makeup Lady worked on commission, this had to be her best day ever.
“Aren’t we going to get your hair done?” Lexi asked, hugging my arm and bouncing up and down.
“Not today.”
“Why not?” She pouted. “You let me do your nails. And they look great. Aren’t you more proud of them now?”
I glanced at my short but now smooth nails with the blush of baby pink polish over them. I nodded.
“Then let’s do something with that hair.” She did her best Makeup Lady impersonation. Very well I might add.
“I don’t know,” I said. “I heard those treatments are expensive.”
“I’ve got money.” Lexi struck a pose—hand on hip, hip jutted out—that made her look almost exactly like one of the Poms. She had clearly been watching them closely this week.
“But your money won’t be around forever,” I objected and wondered if I could work a pile of money in as part of my wish. No, my soul didn’t want money, or I’d have it already. “I’ll just end up a frizzy mess again.” We rounded the corner, and the smells from the food court hit us. “I’m starving. Let’s get some lunch.”
This instantly distracted Lexi from my hair issues. If one thing was made clear this week, Lexi loved to eat as much as I loved to cook. What a team we were.
“What’re you getting?” Lexi asked.
“A salad, I think.”
“A salad?” I could’ve said road kill and gotten the same look from her.
“Sure. Gotta eat my veggies so I stay healthy.”
Lexi held up a hand. “Stop! Live a little. Tell me, what tastes good?” Then she linked her arm with mine as we entered the court. “One meal won’t kill you.”
“Well, there’s your standard burgers and fries,” I said and a little voice in my head instantly told me that sweet potato fries would be healthier. I had to learn how to turn that off now and then. “Or we could get pizza or orange chicken with rice.”
“Sounds good.”
“Which?”
“All of it,” Lexi said, pulling out her money. “Where do we start?”
Lexi ordered three slices of pizza—cheese, pepperoni, and supreme—with breadsticks, a bacon cheeseburger with sweet potato fries (all on her own, I had no influence over the choice of fries…at least not consciously), and a bowl of chicken and rice. I ate maybe a fourth of everything. Lexi claimed the rest and moaned the whole time about how good everything was. Just then I saw a girl in a short black floral skirt and black t-shirt coming at us. Geneva? I wanted to crawl under the table. I was so busted.
“Hey, Mandy.” She looked at Lexi with a scrunched up expression. “Lexi, right?”
Lexi nodded and kept chewing.
“Don’t tell anyone you saw me eating this stuff,” I begged Geneva, adding a laugh to make it seem like I was joking. I wasn’t. Everything on the table in front of us went completely against what I’d based Nourishing Nosh on; smaller portions, no fast food, more veggies. I should’ve gotten the salad and let Lexi eat what she wanted. I’d be lucky if I only lost the leader position and still got to stay in the club.
But Geneva waved it off. “You gotta live a little, Mandy.”
Lexi, with cheeks bulging, pointed her fork at Geneva. “That’s what I keep telling her. Quit being such a mom and enjoy life.”
I exhaled a sigh of relief, grabbed another breadstick from Lexi’s stack, and nodded at Geneva’s hair. “You changed it. I almost didn’t recognize you.”
She reached up and gave it a little pat. “Just came from the salon. What do you think?”
For years her black hair had been long and straightened. Now it was chin length and curly with a few wispy bang pieces falling over her forehead.
“It looks great,” I said, immediately envious. If I cut my hair that short it would stick out all over and I’d look like a puffer fish.
Lexi nodded. “Really cute.”
“Thanks. I was tired of dealing with my hair all the time. It’ll take about a minute this way. I donated the rest to Locks of Love.” Geneva beamed.
“What’s that?” Lexi asked.
“An organization that takes donated hair and makes wigs for kids that have lost their hair due to an illness,” I explained.
“Huh,” Lexi said. “That’s cool.
“I’ve got an idea I wanted to talk to you about,” Geneva said. “Can I sit for a minute?”
“Sure,” I said.
“Long as you don’t mind watching me eat,” Lexi said, and shoved a forkful of orange chicken into her mouth.
“Knock yourself out.” Geneva sat and told me how well the article on the club turned out. “You know Chloe Jankowski, right? She got the assistant editor spot, and we were discussing the article, and I told her more about Nourishing Nosh, and she said we should do a regular column because kids totally needed to know how to take better care of themselves.”
She stopped talking but only because she forgot to breathe. That happened to her a lot. In fact she almost passed out once giving an informative speech called ‘Coordinating and Contrasting Colors to Make Your Bedroom a More Exciting Yet Restful Place.’ She was determined to be a HGTV diva some day. I made a mental note to invite her over sometime to get her take on what I did in my bedroom with all the garage sale finds. Don’t know why I’d never thought of that before. Geneva was awesome.
“Hey, there’s Brooke and some of the Poms,” Lexi said, successfully having finished off everything on the table. “I’m gonna say hi.”
I was about to stop her. I knew if Brooke saw us she’d want to join us—well, Lexi—and our day alone would be over. But Lexi was bored by the food talk so I nodded.
“I love the idea of a regular column,” I told Geneva.
“I thought you would.” Geneva jerked a thumb at the coffee place across the food court. “You want a chai latte or something?”
We grabbed some lattes and then brainstormed column ideas. I scribbled thoughts on napkins as ideas started flowing faster and faster.
“Are you done talking food yet?” Lexi asked, standing next to Geneva sporting her new dramatic hand-on-hip pose. “You’ve been at it for over an hour.”
“Really?” I looked at my new watch. “Wow. Sorry, Lex. Didn’t mean to get so carried away.”
“It’s okay. I know you have a hard time saying no.” She gave Geneva a tight smile. “Brooke is going to join us. The other girls are leaving. She says the cellular store is having a great sale on phones today only. I need one of those, right?”
No, I wanted to say. You don’t need to do anything because Brooke tells you to. Still, Lexi wanted the full teenage experience. And there was nothing like the experience of Brooke. So I gave in.
“Want to come with us, Geve?” I asked and Lexi looked at me like I’d committed the biggest social faux pas ever. What was wrong with Geneva? And since when did Lexi get to decide who I hung out with?
“Thanks, but I can’t.” Geneva hitched her purse over her shoulder as she stood. “I’ve got to pick up my brother from swimming lessons in half an hour.”
“Okay,” I said feeling suddenly like the outsider. “I love everything about this idea. We can talk more at the meeting on Wednesday?”
“Excellent,” Geneva said and turned to Lexi. “Sorry to interrupt your time with,” she glanced across the court at the Poms and back to Lexi, “Mandy.”
Lexi responded with a pure bitchy-Brooke glare.
No, this look was different. It actually made me shiver. There was attitude behind that glare that could only come from knowing that no matter what she did or said, no one could do anything to her. 
Geneva’s face went gray. In a rush she said, “See you in school, Mandy.”
After she walked away I saw a satisfied grin on Lexi’s face.
“That was a little embarrassing,” I said.
“I know! How rude is she that she butts in like that?” Lexi said and waved Brooke over.
“I meant you,” I said.
“Me? What did I do?”
But Brooke was there and I didn’t want her in the middle of our stuff any more than she already was.
“Never mind,” I said.
“This is pretty much an emergency,” Brooke said, fingers flying to complete a text. She was so serious I figured she meant whatever her text was about. “I can’t believe Lexi doesn’t have a cell phone. Who doesn’t have a cell phone?”
The three of us, Lexi between Brooke and me, wandered through the mall to the cellular store. The whole way there Brooke talked nonstop about Poms and how Lexi should join.
An hour later, Lexi pulled a credit card out of her auto-refill purse to pay for her new, just-hit-the-shelves smart phone and a plan with tons of data and unlimited talk and text. As Brooke dictated, Lexi put Brooke’s number into the phone first, then everyone on the Poms squad, and finally a few of the football and basketball players. When I asked if she wanted mine she said, “Okay. Sure. Don’t know why I’d call you though since we live together and all.”
“Not forever,” Brooke said quickly. “Your mom will be home soon and you’ll be free to do your own thing. Right?”
“Right.” Lexi gave me this sad look that I couldn’t interpret. Was she sad that she’d be leaving or sad that I was in the way and messing with her experience? “My own thing.”
“There’s a party tonight—” Brooke began.
“No,” I interrupted.
“Oh come on, Miss Priss,” Brooke said. “Don’t tell me you didn’t have fun on your birthday.”
“I did,” I admitted and instantly thought of Ethan. “Until you ignored me. And don’t call me Miss Priss.”
“Sor-ry,” Brooke said. “I was having fun and forgot you were there.”
“Nice. Thanks, Brooke.”
“Oh grow up,” she said with an eye roll. “You’re a big girl and should be able to have fun without me holding your hand.”
I crossed my arms and threw mental daggers at her.
“I want to go,” Lexi said.
“No,” I blurted like I was the mom and had made the decision already. Way to embarrass myself even more.
Lexi pulled me aside. “I want to go. I don’t know why you’re against it, but I won’t go if you really don’t want to.” Then she blinked those melted-gold eyes oh-so-innocently at me.
Guilt. I so didn’t do well with guilt.




 Chapter Thirteen 

Desiree


And there it was. The hazy line that divided Mandy from Lexi and infested them with disharmony.
Just like the line that had divided my family. I understood why my parents didn’t want Craig to enlist. I didn’t want him to enlist either. We just didn’t agree on why. Dad wanted him to stay in college so he could eventually serve society as a politician, only not in the fight for the rights of women and minorities like I wanted him to. I also didn’t want him to enlist because I didn’t want him to die. That was the one thing Mom and I agreed on completely.
“Well if he goes he’ll be exposed to more kinds of people,” my friend Marsha had told me one afternoon as we lounged by the country club pool. “He’ll be living with them and have a better understanding of what they want and need.”
“It’s a war zone,” our friend Gail had said. “All they’ll want and need in Vietnam is to come home with their legs still attached.”
“You know what I mean,” Marsha said as she braided her hair.
“I disagree with the whole idea of war,” I told them. “Obviously I don’t want him to die. But more than that, I don’t understand the concept of achieving peace through violence.”
“Oh, God.” Janice joined our little poolside cluster. “Y’all are talkin’ about war again, aren’t you? Why can’t we talk about somethin’ happy for once? The Sew-n-Sew is havin’ a great sale. Let’s go get supplies and go to my house and make new outfits. I’ll bake cookies.”
Janice was as domestic as my sister. And cookies, as far as they both were concerned, made even the worst situations better.
“That sounds boss,” Gail said. “I’ve been thinking about a new dress in a great mod pattern.”
“Outfits?” I slammed down my glass of lemonade. “A line has been drawn, and my family is being divided by it. My brother wants to go to war. My sister wants to disappear into a life of servitude. And my parents don’t get it. The last thing I want to do is make an outfit.”
“Craig will get a desk job,” Gail said and patted my shoulder. “He’ll be fine. Carol was born to be a housewife. And none of our parents get it.”
I rolled my eyes and sighed.
“What do you want?” Marsha asked me as she took her braids out again. As if she hadn’t already known we wanted the same things.
“I want to matter,” I said. “I want to make a difference somehow. I want to not fade into the wallpaper of my own house and end up invisible to my family. I want women to understand that we have voices, and we shouldn’t be afraid to use them.”
“Oh, jeez,” Janice said as her shoulders hunched and she curled in on herself. Using anything but a good girl voice gave Janice hives.
“Seriously,” I said. “Don’t any of you want more out of your lives than cooking, cleaning, and wiping your kids’ noses?”
Marsha immediately said yes; she and I had been kindred spirits from the first day we met in seventh grade. Gail nodded, but it was a mousey nod and she looked at Janice while she did, as if wanting reassurance that it was okay for her to nod. Janice looked like she needed a cold compress for her head just thinking about it.
“Glenn wants to go on a road trip this summer,” I told them.
“Far-out,” Marsha said, face shining with excitement.
“What?” Gail asked, shocked, but a little intrigued.
Janice had lain down and raised her knees, I assumed to keep from passing out.
“Yeah,” I said, “he wants to get away from our families and everything. See some of the country. Sleep under the stars and be free for a few weeks.” 
“That,” Marsha said, “sounds bitchin’. I’ll come. Stan will too.”
“Really?” I immediately imagined us sitting by a campfire with our boyfriends until dawn, discussing life, our futures, and how we would change the world. Two years earlier, a hundred thousand hippies had flocked to San Francisco. There they’d been able to express themselves freely and live together unshackled from mainstream society and its dictates of what had value, importance, and decency. Watching them on the nightly news, I’d ached to be there. On this road trip, we could create our own little Haight-Ashbury for a few weeks.




 Chapter Fourteen 

Mandy


Upside: I got to wear my new outfit right away—the white sundress, the denim jacket, and this awesome pair of dark brown cowgirl boots with hot pink cutouts. Lexi insisted on buying the boots for me as a reward for being brave enough to attend two parties in two weeks. She also produced a pair of giant silver hoop earrings I hadn’t realized she’d bought.
“I didn’t buy them,” she said. “They were in the magic duffle bag. They go with my outfit, but I like them even better with yours.”
After I agreed to go to the party, Lexi insisted the jeans she’d bought wouldn’t do so we hit the stores again. She ended up with a short black dress with sparkling silver threads running through it. An awesome black leather biker jacket came home with us too. Her new glitter heels finished off the outfit perfectly. She looked beyond hot so when she offered to do something with my hair before we left, I agreed. Not that I thought for one second that hot, or even a level of intense warmth, was a possibility for me.
I sat in the chair in front of my mirror with wet hair while she dried it with this huge barrel brush that had suddenly appeared on my dresser. (I must say, I could get used to this need-it-and-it-appears thing that was going on!) When Lexi finished drying it, my hair looked great. But apparently not great enough because next she pulled out a curling iron and put in some soft waves that perfectly disguised any frizz that insisted on sticking around. Seriously, it had never looked better.
“See how easy? You could do that,” she said, leaning down to rest her chin on my shoulder. “You’re beautiful. Whether you want to admit it or not.”
“How do you know how to do this?” I asked, turning my head side-to-side to take in every angle.
“Dunno,” Lexi said and jumped in front of me, hogging the mirror so she could put on berry-colored lip gloss. “Maybe it’s that opposites thing. I’m good at whatever you’re bad at and vice versa.”
But Lexi came from me which meant everything she knew had to come from somewhere in my brain. I really needed to dig deeper and find the other things hidden in there. And start putting a little more effort into my hair.
“Mama will be home any time now,” I said.
While we were shopping, she had gone over to Enzo’s and Anna Maria’s for the weekly Saturday dinner. We started the ritual for Mama’s sake. It was a way of getting her to do something other than work constantly. Since Rocco’d been born though, we both looked forward to it. After dinner Enzo and Anna Maria would usually go out for a while and I’d babysit.
Wow. I never realized dinner with my aunt and uncle was the highlight of my week.
“Let’s go,” I said, grabbing my keys. “If Mama gets back before we leave and sees us dressed this way she’ll ask six hundred questions. She’ll want a phone number for where we’ll be and insist on talking to the parents first.”
“Really? She does that?” Lexi asked.
“I wouldn’t know,” I said with a sigh. “I never go anywhere. It sounds like something she’d do though. Okay, where’s the party?”
“At one of the Poms’.” Lexi pulled out her new phone, scrolled through her texts like a pro, and pulled up the address. “Her parents are in Minneapolis and won’t be home ’til tomorrow afternoon.” Then she gave me a smile. “Thanks for this. I know you didn’t want to go, but I’m really excited.”
I nodded. At least I’d have her to hang out with at this one.
The place was out in the middle of one of the other valleys, a half-hour drive from my house. We got there to find cars and kids everywhere.
“She should’ve done this last night. Look at all the people here. The house is going to be trashed, and there’s no way she’ll have time to clean it up before her parents get back.”
Lexi said nothing. Just stared with one eyebrow arched. Message received: Mandy, you’re such a mom.
Why is putting things back in order always my first thought? Why couldn’t I think, cool, lots of people, awesome party?
“Lexi!”
Brooke practically tackled us—well, Lexi—when we walked in. How long had she been waiting by the door for us? I mean Lexi.
“Girl, you look awesome,” Brooke squealed. Seriously. And she wasn’t a squealer. “I told you this outfit would be hot on you.” She turned and looked me up and down as if grading a hog at the state fair. “Hey, Mandy. Cute boots.”
Next thing I knew, cups of beer were in our faces.
“No thanks,” I said. “I’m not drinking tonight. DD and all that.”
“What’s DD?” Lexi asked.
“Exactly!” Brooke said and let loose a you’re-so-funny laugh while shoving a beer in my hand. “You have got to loosen up, Mandy. One beer won’t kill your designated driver status. I thought you figured that out last week.”
“Yeah,” Lexi said and downed half of her beer. She made a face like this was not the best thing she’d ever tasted but managed to keep her sparkling smile at the same time. “Live a little, Mandy Rose. You never know when life will take a sudden change.” Then she gave me a knowing wink as she sipped some more.
We walked through the enormous house and got separated almost immediately. The main floor held at least a hundred people without problem. And there were probably that many more downstairs. Yellow ‘do not cross’ tape with a hand written ‘Off limits!’ sign hung across the stairs to the second floor, but that only encouraged a game of limbo for couples wanting to go up.
I wandered into the gorgeous gourmet kitchen and found a Fresca in the fridge. I waved to a few kids who remembered me from last week.
“Hey, it’s birthday girl!”
“Hi, birthday girl.”
“Did you get your spankings?”
“I’m good,” I said and held up a hand.
“Okay,” the guy who’d offered said, like I was missing out on something life-changing. “I’m good at giving spankings though.”
“That’s shexal harashment,” some totally drunk girl slurred. “You shtop shexaly harashing—” She leaned into me and sloshed beer on my boot. “Wats yer name?”
“Mandy,” I said and took a handful of napkins from the counter to wipe my boot. And the kitchen floor.
Drunk Girl turned back to Spankings Dude and poked him in the chest with her finger. “You shtop shexaly harashing Mandy.”
Then she kissed him like she was a suction cup and he was a window.
Totally grossed out, I left the kitchen and passed through the dining room. A beautiful, probably antique, table took up most of the room. It was getting ruined from spilled beer and food crumbs, and there were scratches from the rivets in the jeans of kids sitting on it, but I stopped myself from cleaning up. I knew a losing battle when I saw one.
Lexi was in the sunroom dancing with Brooke and a few other Poms. They were putting on quite a show if the whistling and hollering from the group of guys gathered around was any indicator.
“Why don’t you join them?” a guy’s voice asked in my ear.
Annoyed, I turned and found Ethan standing close enough that I could feel his breath on my face.
“Hi,” I gushed in about as dorky a way as a person could; all big toothy smile. I probably snorted too. Thank God the music was so loud.
He laughed, but in a way that didn’t make me feel like a loser. “Hi. They look like they’re having fun. You should join them.”
“I don’t dance,” I said. Then, of course, I had to go into this rambling soliloquy of how I used to do ballet but had to quit and how it broke my heart.
“Why’d you have to quit?” he asked.
“My uncle bought me one session of lessons for my birthday one year. My mom couldn’t afford more.”
He nodded at the on-display Poms. “You should join the squad.”
I’d thought about that. Seriously thought about it but the uniforms were really expensive and the cooking club seemed like a more practical choice. Joining Poms wasn’t going to help me get into culinary school.
“I can see the no in your eyes,” Ethan said and just then a slow song came on. He held out his hand. “Dance with me then?”
My heart leapt into my throat, leaving me incapable of replying. So I nodded and took his hand. He pulled me in and held me against his chest so close I swear I felt his heart beating. Or maybe it was mine. We swayed and slowly turned. Brooke came into view. She smiled at me and gave me a thumbs-up. Then came Lexi. Instead of the smile I expected from her, she had this odd expression. Envy maybe?
She was the one who’d told me to live a little. So I relaxed into Ethan’s arms and tried to take in every second of being there. Because I didn’t know if I’d ever be there again. He slid his hand up my back and into my hair; his fingers twined through the waves and he gently grasped a fistful. I gave him a questioning look, and he let go.
“Sorry. Your hair looks so soft. I had to find out. It is, by the way. Soft.” Then he put a finger under my chin, hugged me even closer to him, and kissed me. Firm, without being forceful, and just long enough that I was really getting into it and not at all ready for him to stop. It was perfect, and I melted inside. “You left before I could give you a real birthday kiss last week.” His voice sounded hoarse.
I wanted to say something flirty, something sexy. But I settled on, “Thank you.”
We danced to another song, holding each other close for a while then pulling back to look into each others’ eyes almost like we were trying to decide if this was really happening. If he was nervous, he hid it well. Hopefully I did too. I reached up to kiss him just as the music changed to this hard rocking, raunchy tune. Most of the couples separated, a few stayed locked together. Those that stayed soon got booted out of the way as the Poms took the floor again and did a bump-and-grind routine that would’ve gotten them instantly kicked off any football field or basketball court. But it was really good. And looked like tons of fun.
“Go ahead,” Ethan said, nuzzling his mouth close to my ear. “Show me what you can do.”
A surge of confidence rushed over me. Maybe it was the kiss. Maybe it was being held in his arms like I was something precious. Whatever it was, I was about to join in and strut the stuff I’d learned when I was eight, except Lexi stepped onto the floor before I could. She slid into the routine like she was the one who’d choreographed it, not missing a beat except to put her own perfect spin on a step or two. How did she…but I didn’t have to ask. I didn’t have the guts to get out there in front of everyone. Not really. So of course she didn’t hesitate.
Next she grabbed the closest football player and started grinding on him, much to my shock and his obvious pleasure. This was too much. I knew she was having a great time, but I didn’t want her to have a super-slut reputation by Monday morning. I was about to pull her off the dance floor when Ethan’s hand slipped out of mine, and I heard, “Far-out party.”
Desiree was standing behind me. But where did Ethan go? I could still feel the warmth of his hand on mine. I glanced around and finally saw him being led across the room, some guy talking animatedly to him. He threw his hands up in an I’m-trapped gesture so I gave a weak smile and nodded.
“What are you doing here?” I asked Desiree.
She lifted a waif-like shoulder and gave a mischievous grin. “I was watching from my bus, which is my job. I wasn’t eavesdropping. It looked like y’all were having a blast. I haven’t been to a party in years. Couldn’t stop myself.”
She was dressed for a party, too. She had on a long bright-blue caftan that was slit up the front to mid-thigh. A pair of blue-and-silver feather earrings, a thin headband circling her forehead, and her granny glasses completed the look. That was it. No purse, no other jewelry, no shoes. Obviously no bra.
“Lexi is one groovy dancer,” she said, looking more antagonistic than mischievous this time.
“I can dance,” I objected. “She just beat me to it.”
“So only one of you can have fun at a time?”
“I was with Ethan,” I said.
“And now you’re not,” Desiree said, gyrating to the music. “But Lexi is with a fine-looking brother who is totally dig, dig, digging her.”
I crossed my arms and scowled. “Speak English.”
Some song about a brown-eyed girl that was way too sixties-hippie to have been on the iPod playlist started playing. Surprisingly, no one complained or questioned it.
“Excellent,” Desiree purred and flashed me her V-fingered peace sign and spun in lazy circle. “Hang loose, sister.”
“Whatever.” I turned to look for Lexi in amongst the dancing bodies. I found her, hanging on Winston, one of the football dudes. His hands were firmly on her ass, and her tongue obviously down his throat. “I really should pull her out of there.”
“Why?” Desiree did a hip-swiveling turn to the music and stopped when facing me again. “Didn’t Lexi want to experience the teenage life?”
“Well, yes—”
“Isn’t that what she’s doing?”
“Yes, but—”
“But what? You’re upset because she’s not choosing the teenage life you’ve been living?”
What was that supposed to mean? I knew what could happen if she kept hanging on that guy. She’d end up with hickeys all over her neck like Crissy or pushing around a stroller like Crissy’s older sister, Vanessa.
“There’s nothing wrong with the life I live,” I said and looked away from Desiree.
She ran a finger along my ear, making me squirm and pull away. God, she could be as annoying as my sist—
“Then why,” she interrupted my thought, her blue eyes sparkling, “did you make this wish?”
“You’re saying I’m bored with my life, is that it? I want a different life; that’s what this wish is about? I want to be more bold and daring?”
Desiree put both palms up as if to say only-you-can-answer-that, then pushed her glasses further up her nose. “Peace out, Mandy Rose.” She flashed another V, spun, and danced her way to the other side of the room, grabbing guys’ butts along the way.
Were any of the questions I’d asked even close to right? Did I really want a bolder, more daring, different life? Maybe but I didn’t think becoming less boring required a soul wish. It just required me putting myself out there.
And the most exciting way I could think of to put myself out there was to put myself with Ethan. But after checking the kitchen, the lower level (don’t want to discuss what was going on down there, in the dark), the back patio, and the front yard I couldn’t find him. Maybe he had to leave. Or maybe he was with another girl downstairs. No, he wouldn’t do that. He wouldn’t dance with me and kiss me and then get together with someone else. Would he? I mean, he said he looked for me at the other party, but how hard did he try? It shouldn’t have been that difficult to find me.
And if he’d left this party already, there wasn’t much of a reason for me to stay anymore either. I went back to the sunroom to pull Lexi off the football player but didn’t see her there. I did find Brooke though, a cup of beer held so loosely between her fingers I had no idea why it didn’t crash to the floor.
“Mandy!” she said in her I’m-a-happy-drunk way. Why was she only happy to see me when inebriated? “Are you having fun?” She smiled, gave me a hip bump, and sing-songed, “I saw you with Ethan.”
It was impossible not to laugh when she was like this. No wonder she was always the center of attention.
“Do you know where Lexi is?” I asked.
She nodded and pointed up.
I looked at the ceiling, half-expecting to see her there. Then I did a mental head slap. Drinking made people stupid, and I was absorbing stupid by proximity.
“She went upstairs with that guy?” I ran to the staircase and dove under the limbo tape.
There were five bedrooms on the second floor. Which one was she in? I almost threw the first door open but realized that might result in my seeing way more of my classmates than I wanted to. I knocked while calling out Lexi’s name and waited for a response. From behind the first two doors I heard “Nope” and “No Lexi here.”
The third room produced, “No, but you can join us if you want.”
“Are you kidding me?” came a girl’s voice from behind the same door.
A second later the door flew open, and a girl stood there, adjusting her dress.
“I was joking,” the guy said. “Come back.”
“To you? Never.” Then in a voice full of venom she hissed, “I wish you were dead!” 
I froze and had to put a hand on the doorway to brace myself against a wave of nausea that hit me. There was something about her words—
“Get out of my way.” She stormed past, knocking into me. “You want him? Go for it. He’s all yours.”
The guy sat on the bed looking at me like he wondered if I was coming in or if he should put his shirt back on. That made my nausea worse so I moved on to the next room.
“Lexi?” I shouted while pounding. “Come out if you’re in there.”
The door opened partway, and Lexi peeked around the corner.
“Hey.” She swayed and tried to smile but didn’t seem able to make her face obey.
I forced my way into the room, flicking on a light as I entered. She stood there in her emerald-green lace bra and panties and glitter heels. Her dress lay in a heap on the floor by the foot of the bed. “Where’s your date?”
She pointed at a closed door. Bathroom, I assumed.
“He’s been in there forever.”
“Probably passed out.” I pointed at her lack of clothing. “What exactly were you planning to do with him?”
“Be a teenager.” Like I was a silly child and she was some experienced woman of the world.
“A stupid one,” I said. “Even for you there’s bound to be consequences.”
Yeah, I was doing the mom thing again. But if the situation was reversed and I was the one about to do something supremely stupid and my best friend knew it, I’d sure want her to try to stop me.
Despite her confidence, something deep in Lexi’s eyes looked scared and maybe even a little relieved that I was there. Or maybe that was me hoping. I picked up her dress, and tugged it over her head.
“Come on, time to go home.”
“But I’m having fun,” she whined while trying to maneuver her arms through the armholes.
“I know. But I’m not sure this is the kind of fun you really want to have. Plus it’s getting louder by the minute, and one of the neighbors is sure to call the cops soon.”
She pouted, letting me know I was the biggest buzzkill ever.
“Look,” I said, “eventually you’ll be gone, but I have to stay. I’d prefer to not get caught doing something that will screw up my future.”
“God,” Lexi said, now struggling into her leather jacket, “that’s all you ever talk about. Cooking and school and oh, what if I do something wrong? Little Miss Goody-Goody. How stupid would you feel if you found out you were dying and you’d been missing out on a lot of really great stuff?”
Dying? Is that how she felt? Like she was dying?
I helped her down the stairs and told her to sit and wait for me while I looked for Ethan one last time so I could say goodbye. But after a lap around the house, I still couldn’t find him. The night I’d been dreaming about for so long, to be in his arms, kissing him, and I blew it. No, this wasn’t my fault. If Desiree hadn’t butted in and if Lexi didn’t need constant supervision, I might be downstairs in the dark with him right now.
A million thoughts ran through my head on the ride home. How Lexi had no business lecturing me on how to act. How she had no idea about the pressures and responsibilities involved with securing your way into the school of your dreams. But I said nothing. It wouldn’t have mattered anyway; I was pretty sure she passed out seconds after we pulled away from the party. And if she was still conscious, she was too drunk to hear my words.
When we got to my house, I killed the lights on the Escape and let it roll down the gravel driveway. Except for the porch light, the house was dark, which meant Mama was asleep. I didn’t want to risk waking her and letting her see Lexi in this condition so I closed the car doors quietly and shoved Lexi up into The Haven. Literally. I got her on the ladder and then pushed her butt with my shoulder the whole way up.
She flopped onto the futon and burst into tears.
“I’m sorry, Mandy,” she slurred. “I embarrassed you tonight didn’t I?”
“Um, no,” I said. She barely spent any time with me. I doubt anyone even connected us. “Not me. But you embarrassed yourself pretty well. I know nothing can really hurt you, but I don’t know that reckless skank is the reputation you should be going for.”
Okay, that was harsh.
She nodded and sniffed.
“It’s just that I’m having so much fun,” she mumbled and cried harder. “Dancing and laughing and being with everybody.” She swiped away some tears and looked at me with mascara smeared all over her face, her nose red and snotty. Oh, if only the guys could see her now. “I hope you don’t ever figure out this wish. I don’t wanna go away.”
I wanted to say it was the alcohol that made her say that, but all the beer did was loosen her mouth. She meant the words, she didn’t want to leave. Ever. Even if that meant I never figured out what was burning a hole in my soul.
So which of us was the selfish one?
If I did figure things out, what would happen to her? Would she disappear? Poof, gone, never really existed, never to be seen again? Or would she go into a sort of holding cell, trapped in never-ending solitary confinement where she could do nothing but wait for me to possibly wish her into existence again? Would she feel anything when she ceased to exist? Would it hurt when she left? Could I really subject her to that for my own potential happiness?
When she did go, everyone would ask what had happened to her. Where’d she go? Why’d she leave? The only one who would be able to tell them the truth would be me.
Just like I was the only one who knew how Alexa really died. And why Papa left.
“You’re missing out on so much,” Lexi mumbled. “You should be a little reckless too.”
She got quiet then. I said her name and poked her shoulder. There was another incoherent mumble, but she seemed to be out cold again. Facedown on the futon, probably leaving mascara marks all over the mattress.
“You know,” I whispered to her in the dark, “you’re the only one who knows what he said the night he left. You know that’s why I am the way I am.”
I sat there watching her drool until two in the morning with this sort of love/hate thing running through me. No one understood me better than she did. Nobody made me feel more accepted and normal than she did, even when she told me how stupid I was acting. Still, I couldn’t forget that she came from me. She was the me I was afraid to be. The darker, more reckless side that I kept locked away down deep. The side I hated because it made me think and want to do things that could cause someone to get hurt.
Or worse.
If I was being honest, I’d have to say that I was a little scared of her. That reckless side was getting stronger. And as I watched her do the things I kept buried in the deepest part of me and saw that nothing worse than a hangover was happening to her, I wondered what would be so wrong with me being the one doing those things instead of her.




 Chapter Fifteen 

Desiree


I was sitting outside my bus by a little campfire, staring up at the sky and the stars, stars, stars when Kaf appeared, without a shirt as usual. The display of all those muscles was supposed to be intimidating. Intimidated wasn’t exactly what I felt when I saw him.
“You went to the party,” he said.
The statement was really a question. What he wanted was to know why I went. What did I think I was doing partying with my charge?
I let my eyes drift from his six-pack up to those awesome pecs that stretched his smooth, yellow-brown skin to the limit. I jutted my chin toward the tattoos of three symbols trailing down his right upper arm.
“Japanese?” I’d never asked but always assumed that’s what he was.
He nodded once.
“What do they mean?” I’d also never asked about the tattoos, despite having seen them a few thousand times.
His left bicep bulged as he reached across to touch each one starting with the top. “Strength. Truth.” He paused before moving to the third. “Love.”
Love? Oh that Kaf. He was one complex brother.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve gone to a party,” I said in answer to the question he hadn’t really asked. “It’s been a long time since I’ve done anything fun at all.”
“You interfered.”
That was the one rule I’d promised to never, ever break.
“What result did I change?” I asked. “I simply asked a few questions. Mandy still got Lexi to do what she wanted her to do. And Lexi got to have a little fun first.”
“Whose wish is this?” he asked. “You seem more concerned about Lexi getting to be a teenager than Mandy getting what she was promised.”
“The wish will come to an end,” I said. “They always do. Mandy will get her happy ending. Eventually.” I eased back into my chair by the fire. “Time flies, as they say, and Lexi has very little of it to start with.”
“You are purposely making things harder on yourself,” he said.
“Myself? Since when do you care about things being hard on me?”
His cheeks flushed, and for a few odd seconds he lost his composure.
“You did not want this wish to begin with,” he said. “And now you are allowing events to become bigger than they need to be. You are extending the wish.”
“What’s wrong with living a little? Lexi’s only got a few weeks, and then she’ll never be seen again. I—she should get to do a few things before that happens.”
Kaf’s almond-shaped eyes narrowed until they were mere slits. “Who exactly are you concerned with? Mandy, Lexi, or yourself?”
“I’m concerned with Mandy,” I said and poked my fire, reviving the flames. I looked over my shoulder at him. “Who are you concerned with?”
He flushed again. “Make sure you stay on task, Desiree.” And then he disappeared.


 Chapter Sixteen 

Mandy


At school on Monday, Lexi was a rock star. I should’ve expected it. I mean, how could a person upstage the Poms by modifying their raunchiest routine—making it even raunchier!—then stick her tongue down a linebacker’s throat and not get everyone’s attention? Tales of how she rocked Janna Bean’s party Saturday night spread like a tsunami overtaking a small island. By lunchtime I was, quite honestly, beyond sick of hearing about the new girl with the gold eyes.
“They’re all talking about me,” Lexi said while we waited in the lunch line. “I don’t get it, what did I do?”
As I figured, she was too drunk Saturday night to hear or remember my lecture in The Haven.
“Well,” I said, grabbing a tray from the stack, “you’re beautiful so that alone makes everyone pay attention to you. And you basically took over the party.”
“But I was just doing what everyone else was. Dancing and having a good time.”
The lunch line moved at a dying snail’s pace, and I was starving. I’d stayed up until about three-thirty doing homework and brainstorming column ideas for the school paper and then didn’t hear my alarm go off. No time for a shower. No time to make myself a decent lunch as usual. And now, because it was that kind of day, Mrs. Mills was serving. Hooray.
“You were dancing like a slut,” I snapped at Lexi and immediately winced. Obviously staying up late too many nights in a row and not understanding what was going on with this so-called wish was making me a tad cranky. I apologized and reworded. “You were dancing a little suggestively, which, I should have explained, is not always seen as just a girl having fun. Then you latched on to that guy. Do you even know his name?”
Lexi shook her head.
Wow.
“You were hanging on some guy you don’t even know.” I lowered my voice and looked around to see if anyone overheard me. From the looks on the faces of the guys around us, they were busy staring at Lexi’s legs in the barely-long-enough-to-pass-dress-code mini-skirt she had on. I’m sure engaging their eyes and ears at the same time was a challenge for them even without the leggy distraction. “Lex, you went upstairs to a bedroom with him. And you wonder why they’re talking about you? His name is Winston, by the way.”
Lexi stared at me blankly, her eyes narrowed with confusion. Did she not understand what he’d expected from her up there?
“You make everything sound so negative,” she said and flashed a pearly white grin at someone walking past. “Everyone’s being super nice to me. And a couple guys already asked me to this week’s party.”
Okay, I misunderstood. I thought she was freaked out in a bad way when she’d said “They’re all talking about me.” What she’d meant was, “Ohmigawd, look how crazy popular I am after only one party.” My mistake.
“Well, well if it ain’t the school food expert,” Mrs. Mills said to me, using much the same tone she would if she were telling everyone I was the town serial killer.
To say Mrs. Mills didn’t like me was like saying drinking battery acid could cause some minor intestinal troubles. After I got permission from the school board to form my club, the board decided it was time for the entire school district to be more nutrition conscious. Of course they were supposedly already following better dietary guidelines, but Mrs. Mills’ version of fresh fruit, for example, was an apple with fewer brown spots than red ones. Now she not only had to use truly fresh fruit and veggies but more fresh food in general. This required more prep time than opening a can and dumping the contents into a serving pan. And Mrs. Mills didn’t want to do more work. Even if it meant something healthier for us and she let me know it every chance she got.
“What can I get for ya today, Miss Expert?”
My choice was a broiled chicken breast with guacamole and sliced tomatoes on a whole wheat bun or a piece of cardboard-like, in both appearance and taste, cheese pizza.
“Oh, lemme guess,” Mrs. Mills said, “the chicken. But wait one minute.” She dug through the pan of chicken holding each piece up to evaluate. “No, this one’s got a bit of gristle on the edge. This one don’t look like it’ll meet your gourmet standards. This one don’t have consistently parallel grill marks.”
“Are you this much of a witch to everyone, or are we the ones lucky enough to see the real you?”
My stare was firmly locked on Mrs. Mills, but she wasn’t looking at me. Flaming daggers were shooting out of her eyes at Lexi. I was sure I had said the words because that’s exactly what I’d been thinking. In actuality, they had come out of Lexi’s mouth. Was horror or hurrah the proper response? I’d wanted to tell the woman off for months but hadn’t had the guts.
“Who are you?” Mrs. Mills asked Lexi. The pinched expression on her face made it look like she smelled something rancid. And considering she was standing over her own food line…
“We will have the chicken please,” Lexi said. “Any piece you choose will be fine.”
Laughter and “Oh! Did you hear that?” spread through the crowd behind us.
“I asked for your name,” Mrs. Mills repeated.
“Why is it okay for you to treat us that way, but it’s not okay for us to defend ourselves?” Lexi asked, looking every inch the Queen Bee—confident and untouchable. “We asked for chicken. Please.”
Mrs. Mills held Lexi’s stare for a few more seconds, then she slapped a small piece of chicken, a splat of guac, and a broken bun on my tray. When she gave Lexi an equally appetizing sandwich, Lexi asked for a bigger piece of chicken. Please.
“I can’t believe you said that to her,” I said, feeling a little giddy as I followed Lexi to the salad bar.
“Why?” Lexi asked. “She was being rude.”
“I know, but I was taught to treat people the way I want to be treated.”
Lexi glanced at me, an eyebrow raised in judgment, and then went back to preparing a side salad. “And how’s that been working for you?”
“Um,” I stalled, being extra choosey about which lettuce leaves were worthy of being in my salad.
Lexi turned to me and asked seriously, “How long has she been acting like that to you?”
“Since the beginning of the year,” I admitted, “when I raised objections at a school board meeting about the food we’re served.”
“And now since the food is better, you’re accepting her crappy attitude toward you,” Lexi said and dumped way too much ranch dressing on her little salad. “She probably spits in your food.”
Eww. I’d never be able to eat school food again. Not that I wanted to. I mean, yeah, it was better, but it was still mass-produced and improperly seasoned.
“Do I let people walk on me? Does your mother?” Lexi asked, now adding a mound of cheese on top of the dressing. “How proud would she be if she knew you did?”
Jeez, she just wasn’t going to let this go.
“Yo, Lexi.” It was the linebacker from the party. He looked her up and down in this drooly way that made me lose my appetite even more than the spit comment. “You disappeared Friday night.”
She squinted as if trying to place him, then played along. “I know. Something came up, and I had to leave.”
“Well how ’bout I give you another chance this Friday?”
“Give me another chance?” Lexi asked and glanced at me. “Sounds like fun. I’ll have to get back to you though. I’m not sure what’s going on yet.”
Linebacker deflated a little and then puffed himself back up when he remembered his friends were behind him. “Okay, but don’t wait too long. I might ask someone else.”
I scanned the lunchroom for Ethan as I followed Lexi to our regular table. He wasn’t in the far corner by the windows where he sometimes sat with the jocks. He wasn’t at the table by the stairs where he sometimes sat with the musicians. I looked in each window of the library—which was basically a big glass box on top of a giant brick pillar in the middle of the commons—where he sometimes went if he wanted a little quiet time. But I didn’t see him there either.
“Who was that guy?” Lexi asked.
“Seriously?” I asked. “He’s Winston.”
She narrowed her eyes, trying to remember. “I kissed him, didn’t I?”
“Repeatedly,” I confirmed and bit back a grin.
“He’s not really my type.”
I shook my head. “I think they call that the beer-goggles effect. A drink or two and people seem more appealing than they really are. Yet another reason to stay sober.”
Crissy sat across from me then. She looked rough today in gray leggings, slouchy gray knit boots, and an oversized pale-pink shirt that hung almost to her knees. That was it. No jewelry and only minimal makeup. Or maybe that’s what was left from yesterday. She barely looked up and only poked at her pizza with a plastic fork.
“Hey, Crissy,” I said. “What’s up?”
“Hmm?” She glanced up then. “Oh, hi.”
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
She shook her head, her stringy over-processed hair falling into her eyes. “Nothing.”
Right. She looked like an empty Crissy-shell.
“Something.” I paused, giving her a chance to talk. I was seriously worried. She had down days sometimes. Everyone did, it’s just that hers went further down than most, especially lately. I guess that was understandable. Her family was pretty messed up—and I wasn’t so sure about her boyfriend either. Still, I’d never seen her like this. “Did you and Brad have a fight?” 
“No,” she said immediately then nodded. “Sort of. It’s cool though.”
“Doesn’t look cool,” Lexi said.
Crissy shifted nervously in her chair and grimaced like something hurt. “It’s fine. I don’t want to talk about it.”
So I stopped asking. When Crissy didn’t want to talk, she didn’t talk.
For the rest of lunch period, starting with Brooke, one person after another either sat at our table or stopped to talk to Lexi about something that had happened Saturday night or about the party coming up this weekend, and was she going. A gaggle of Poms gushed about what an awesome dancer she was and how she absolutely had to join the squad. And on and on.
I nibbled my now-cold chicken sandwich—which immediately turned into a rock in my stomach—and observed my friends. Lexi and Brooke talked and laughed and appeared to have everything going right in their worlds. Crissy looked like pretty much nothing was going right in hers and she really needed a friend, even though I was right there.
As we left the table to bring our trays to the kitchen window, I was about to try once more to ask Crissy what was going on. But Lexi slid in next to her before I could and said something I couldn’t hear. Crissy looked back at me and then started talking up a storm. From the look on Lexi’s face, whatever she’d said was pretty deep. I’d never felt so invisible.
All the way home from school, Lexi was busy texting people. Every time I tried to ask her about the comment she made about people walking all over me, she held up a manicured finger and mumbled, “Hang on. Gotta respond.”
Really, I didn’t need to ask about the comment. I did let people walk on me. I rarely stood up for myself. That’s probably why fighting for Nourishing Nosh wasn’t hard. I wasn’t doing it for myself; it was for everyone else. I needed to start fighting for myself and ask for what I wanted. So after we’d pulled into the barn, I grabbed the phone out of her hand.
“Talk to me,” I said. “What did Crissy say as we left lunch today? It was obvious she was upset about something.”
“I can’t tell you,” Lexi said.
“What? Of course you can. She’s one of my best friends.”
“Then maybe you should talk to her,” Lexi said and took her phone back from me while getting out of the Escape.
I followed, slamming the driver’s door a little too hard.
“Is it something bad? Is she going to break up with Brad?”
“Ask her.”
“I did, and she brushed it off. Do I need to be worried about her?”
Lexi stopped walking so abruptly I’d taken three steps before I realized it. I turned and waited for a response. She sighed hard, as though I were an exhausting child.
“If you feel like you should be worried, maybe there’s a reason.” She held a hand up before I could ask another question. “What Crissy told me, she told me. A good friend who was worried about another friend would ask again and again. Not brush it off to oh, that’s Crissy.”
I hated it when she was right. The truth was that I expected Crissy to confess to me even though I wasn’t acting like much of a friend. Later that night, in between homework assignments and sending out emails for this week’s club recipe, I tried Crissy three times. She didn’t answer any of the calls so I sent texts too.
Me: I’m worried about you. Is everything okay?
Finally, around midnight she responded with: It was just a misunderstanding.
Me: With Brad?
Crissy: Yeah. We’re okay now.
Me: Are you sure? You seemed really upset at lunch.
Crissy: That’s what happens when you have a fight with your boyfriend. You get upset.
Having no personal experience with this topic, I couldn’t argue with what seemed pretty obvious. Still, I had a niggling feeling that it was something more.
Me: Truce. If you say you’re okay, I believe you. But if there’s something else you can always talk to me. Okay?
It took a few minutes, but she finally responded with: K. Thanks.
Sometime around one-thirty, I decided to go to bed. Brulée wasn’t on my bed. Weird. No matter how late I stayed up he was always curled up at the foot waiting for me.
“Brulée,” I called out in a loud whisper. “Where are you? It’s bedtime.”
I checked all around my room—under the bed, in the closet, in my bathtub where he liked to sit and lap up stray drops from the drippy faucet—but didn’t find him. I checked in his favorite basket of blankets downstairs in the family room. Not there. By his food dishes, his litter box, the potted palm which he used as a litter box if I didn’t clean the actual one fast enough. He was nowhere. Panic filled my chest despite my best efforts to talk myself down. Maybe he got outside. Or he was inside and extraordinarily well hidden at the moment. Maybe he’d come join me once he realized I was in bed.
As I passed Lexi’s room again, I stopped to see if she was awake. 
She was. Her bedside light illuminated the room with a dim glow, and she was talking quietly to someone. I peeked through the crack in the door, expecting to see her on the phone. Instead I saw Brulée sprawled out next to her on the bed, Lexi scratching his ears and telling him something that sounded like a confession.
“…because she would never do things like this. That’s exactly why I have to. It’s the only way.”
Who was she talking about? Brooke or one of the Poms probably, she hadn’t stopped texting with them all night. But what was she talking about? What did she have to do? Didn’t matter, I didn’t really care if it was Poms-related.
Brulée sat up then and stared at the door, right at where I stood. I made the soft pss-pss-pss sound that always brought him running. This time though he licked a paw, turned three times, and snuggled in deeper with Lexi.




 Chapter Seventeen 

Mandy


I saw Ethan in first period Tuesday morning, which was wonderful because he hadn’t been in school on Monday. Unfortunately I walked in just as the bell rang because Lexi’d had a hard time with mixing and matching her outfit that morning so we were running late. I waved, he waved, and then some girl snagged him after class so I didn’t get to talk to him. 
“Not every girl is a potential threat,” Lexi said as we left the classroom. “You’re so paranoid.”
My paranoia got worse when all he did was look up from whatever he was writing and smile during last period. Same thing Wednesday morning. He was engrossed with whatever he was scribbling in his notebook and didn’t look up.
“Chill,” Crissy told me at lunch. “You have to learn there’s a gap between what we expect and what guys understand.”
She was the boyfriend expert. So I tried to chill. Finally I was able to bring it down from red alert to yellow when I found him waiting for me in the hall after last period on Wednesday. 
“It was cool dancing with you the other night,” Ethan said. 
As he stood there looking down at me, those puppy-dog brown eyes hypnotized me, and I was transported back to being in his arms as we danced. And kissed. Not that I hadn’t been replaying the kissing hourly since it happened. He walked me to my locker. My wobbly knees barely supported me.
“It was cool,” I echoed but couldn’t come up with one word more. Why couldn’t I even pretend to be a little sophisticated around him?
“Are you going to the party this weekend?” he asked. “It’s at Farmer’s Park on Saturday. Janna’s parents totally blew when they got home from their trip.” He laughed and shook his head in a what-was-she-thinking way. “The house was trashed. Mrs. Bean called every one of Janna’s friends’ parents to tell them what happened. Half the school is grounded.”
“I know,” I told him. “I heard Janna not only has to pay for cleaning and repairs but go door-to-door and read a statement of apology to her neighbors.”
“No way!” Ethan said. “I didn’t hear that. Sucks to be Janna right now.”
How cool was this? We were having an actual conversation, and I was holding up my end of it.
“You’ve been busy this week,” I said, feeling a little braver. “I wanted to talk to you, but every time I saw you, you were writing in a notebook.”
“Yeah,” he said with a nod. “I’m working on a new song.”
“Really?”
“My dad’s band has this gig coming up in a few weeks, and they want some new music.” He tried to be humble about it. “I’m just helping them out.”
“By composing a song? Don’t know many people that can do that.” He blushed at my teasing. “I’d love to hear it when it’s done.”
“Yeah?”
“Absolutely.”
“You could make that soup in the bread bowl, and I’ll play my song for you.”
Oh. My. God!
He reached over and freed a strand of my hair that had gotten trapped under my bag strap and then leaned against the locker next to mine. “So, Saturday I could pick you up? We could go get burgers or something before the party?”
He was asking me out? On a date? How did that happen? And then the apocalypse struck.
“I have to babysit Saturday night.” I adored Rocco, with his chubby little feet and perpetually runny nose, but at that moment I wished Uncle Enzo was still a bachelor.
Ethan’s smile faded. “That’s too bad. I was kinda hoping to hang out with you again.”
It’s not like Rocco could escape once he was in his crib. And once he fell asleep he rarely woke up. I could tuck him in and…what was I thinking?
“I’ll try to get out of it,” I blurted, crushed at the thought of him hanging out with another girl. “My uncle and aunt have some big thing to go to though so I’m not sure I’ll be able to.”
“Let me know,” he said and traced a finger over the back of my hand. “See you tomorrow?”
“Absolutely.” My voice quivered as tingles spread across my hand.
My dream had come true. I should’ve been over the moon. My lifelong crush—well, my since-sixth-grade crush—asked me out! And I couldn’t go.
“Hey, Mandy.”
I looked over my shoulder to see Geneva.
“Hey,” I answered with a sigh and slammed my locker shut.
“What’s wrong?” She rested a whatever-it-is-I’m-here-for-you hand on my arm.
“It’s just,” I started. But she didn’t want to hear about my love life. “Nothing. What’s up?”
“Did you think any more about doing a column for the paper?” she asked. “Chloe keeps asking for an answer.”
“Tell her I definitely want to do it.” I told Geneva about my plan to get a two-fer out of the articles by using them for both the column and my website as we walked to the kitchen for the weekly Nourishing Nosh meeting.
“A website can be a lot of work, especially if you change it up a lot to keep it fresh,” Geneva said and dug a tin of mints out of her multi-colored patchwork bag. She popped one and held the tin out to me. Did I need one? Had I blown stink-breath all over Ethan? “You could always have people from the club do some posts now and then.”
“That’s a good idea,” I said, mulling the thought while I yanked my pen from the spiral on my notebook and wrote “mints” on my hand. “Cute bag, by the way.”
“Thanks. I made it myself.”
“You make a lot of stuff, don’t you?”
“Yeah. This too.” She indicated the mid-thigh multi-fabric striped skirt she’d paired with polka dot tights. “My aunt taught me how to sew when I was little. It’s fun. And this way my things aren’t the same as everyone else’s.”
Why hadn’t I ever thought about hanging out with Geneva? She’s really cool. And so crafty.
“You should come over sometime,” I said, finally asking instead of just thinking about it. “I decorated my room with stuff I got at garage sales. I think it looks good, but you could give me your professional opinion.”
“Sure,” she said with a big smile. Geneva was kind of a loner. Like me. “Any time.”
While we waited for Jherie to arrive with the food, (ten minutes, her text to me said, stuck in traffic…freakishly long train) Geneva and the club helped me brainstorm ideas for my website. A couple members said yes immediately to doing posts about what they’d learned and how they’d transformed their lives with healthy food. The more we talked, the more excited I got about the whole thing.
Jherie walked into the kitchen and apologized for being late. Lexi followed her. I hadn’t expected her to come to another meeting. After the public humiliation of the last one and her increasingly It girl attitude, my cooking club was the last place I figured she’d hang out. So when Brooke and Janna followed her in, my jaw dropped.
“Hi,” I said. “What’re you all doing here?”
“I told them about your club,” Lexi said with a hair-toss.
“Yeah,” Janna said in her standard bored-Janna way. “I figured someone should know how to use our kitchen. My dad only grills and Mom is the queen of take-out.”
“Okay. Cool,” I mumbled, my mind whirling. “The problem is we don’t have enough ingredients. And you need to bring knives and stuff.”
“Covered,” Lexi said.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Remember?” Lexi gave me a look that told me to play along. “You brought your knives to the store to get sharpened? They were still in the car.”
She held up three knives of various sizes that I’d never seen before. Not only did she produce knives but also a baking dish for the Three-Bean Mexican Casserole we were making that day. But how…Desiree, of course. Silly me. These knives were top of the line. I made a mental note to summon Desiree as soon as we got home to let her know they had to stay.
“Oh, right,” I said. “Be careful. They’re super sharp.”
I made a mental note to talk to Lexi about sneaking in sharp objects. Bringing knives into the school had been a huge hurdle to clear. There were forms and permission signatures. Every week the secretary had to see and record every item as it was brought into the school before club started. Then Jherie had to verify that everything left the building at the end of club. On weeks when there was only one ingredient to cut up, Jherie brought it already prepared because it was such a hassle. Knives alone almost killed the group before it started.
“This is strange,” Jherie said while she set out the ingredients—cans of beans, green peppers, green onions, salsa, cheddar cheese—all in neat rows for the members. “I’ve got extra. Not enough for three more meals but you girls could make one recipe together.”
I looked at Lexi, and she gave me an eyebrow waggle.
“What a coincidence,” she said.
Indeed.
“We’re using canned beans,” I told the group to start the meeting, “but if you’re ever feeling enthusiastic, you can use dried. The point of this recipe though is that it’s fast. Cooking dried beans takes hours, and I’m not sure there’s any real benefit to the longer method. Except for price maybe.”
Once everyone had opened their cans of kidney, black, and cannellini beans and dumped them into strainers to drain, we started on the rest of the prep.
“You’ll also need rice, two cups,” I said and set my copy of the recipe on a narrow shelf above the stove. “That takes about half an hour. I’ll start a couple bigger batches, and you all can take what you need.”
When I turned on the burner, the heat wave from the flame sent up a puff of air. The puff caught my recipe sheet, which fluttered down and landed on the open flame. Just that fast, the page ignited. Gasps rose from the group. Since it was only one piece of paper, the fire was out almost as fast as it had started, but Jherie still went into action. She extended her arms in a gathering-us-together motion.
“This is a good time to discuss fire safety in the kitchen,” she said.
How could I have done such a careless thing? I never, ever reached across an open flame. I never, ever wore loose clothing while cooking around an open flame. And I never set anything as flammable as a piece of paper that close to the stove. Where was my mind?
“Grease fires are the worst,” Jherie was saying when I tuned back in to her mini-lecture. “The fastest way to extinguish one is to put a lid over it if it’s in a pan. If you don’t have a lid handy, or if the fire isn’t in a pan, carefully pour baking soda over it. This is an important detail.” She paused and looked around the group to make sure everyone was paying attention. “Do not use baking powder. Powder burns, soda does not. And if it’s a grease fire, never pour water on it. That’ll make it splatter and spread and things will get way worse.” She clapped her hands once. “Okay. Crisis averted. Everyone back to work.”
“Sorry, Jherie,” I said, barely able to meet her eyes.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Mandy,” she said. “Things like this are a part of being a cook. Recipes fail. Fires happen. This was actually a really good lesson for everyone. They saw how fast it happened and now know what to do.”
True. Lessons sink in better if there are visuals. I finished getting the rice going and turned back to the group, once again in fearless-leader mode.
“I planned that,” I told them.
“Really?” Shelly asked.
“No. That was a total screw-up. But everything’s okay now.” They laughed, and we moved on to chopping. “Cut the peppers and green onions so they’re approximately the same size as the beans.” I demonstrated, using Lexi’s group’s ingredients, which gave me the chance to check out those knives. Sweet! “Things cook more evenly if the sizes are similar. Plus it looks nicer. Presentation is important.”
Regardless of what she’d said I could tell that Jherie was a little rattled by the fire. Instead of sitting in the corner, she wandered the kitchen, supervising more closely than she had in previous weeks. Everything was going fine until Lexi handed a knife to Janna.
Lexi should have slid it across the table. Instead, she handed it to Janna with the blade pointed at the floor. When Janna reached for it, Lexi let go before Janna had a grip. Janna let out a scream of pain as the knife landed directly on top of her foot, sinking a good inch into it.
“Don’t pull it out!” Jherie yelled as she punched buttons on her cell phone.
“What do you mean don’t pull it out?” Janna crumpled to the floor, clutching her impaled left foot.
“It could…hi, yeah, we need an ambulance at the high school,” Jherie said into the phone. “One of the students has a knife in her foot.” Jherie patted her hands at Janna in a hang-on way while giving further details to the person on the phone. Then she turned her attention back to Janna. “Pulling out anything that is stuck in you—a knife, a stick, a toothbrush—is like pulling out a plug. It’s keeping everything inside you right now. Mandy, go see if the principal is still here.”
I ran to the office, but Ms. Nolan had already left for the day. Mrs. Hanover, the secretary, was there though, so I explained what had happened. By the time she was on the phone with Janna’s parents, the ambulance had arrived.
“I’m going to have to report this,” Jherie said after the paramedics had rolled Janna away on the stretcher and the police officer that arrived had taken our statement. “It was a complete accident, no one’s fault from what I saw, but still needs to be reported. And there’s the issue of no consent form.”
“Are they going to shut down the club?” I asked.
What would I do if they did? Nourishing Nosh was everything to me. I’d never worked harder for anything—petitioning the board, dealing with Mrs. Mills, planning meetings weeks in advance. Other than in The Haven, I felt the most at ease while in this kitchen with this group of people.
“They can’t shut it down,” Geneva said, putting a comforting arm around me. “It was an accident. They don’t shut down the track team when someone sprains an ankle. They don’t shut down football if someone breaks a leg.”
“She’s right,” Jherie said. “I doubt anything will come of this. It was an accident. Simple as that.”
Brooke, pale and a little shaky, had been sitting mutely at a lunchroom table since it happened.
“Are you okay?” I asked her.
“I,” she started and put a hand over her mouth, tears filled her eyes.
“You’re not going to puke are you?” Lexi joked. She sat next to Brooke, her legs bouncing.
“No.” Brooke shook her head. “I don’t think so. I should go to the hospital and see if she’s okay.”
“Just call later,” Lexi suggested. “There’s nothing you can do.”
“I know that,” Brooke snapped. “But I’m the Poms captain. One of my team is down, and I need to make sure…oh no.”
“What?” I asked as Brooke went even paler.
“The squad,” Brooke said. “She’s our number-two. We’re going to have to replace her.”
So number three moves up to number two. They were all really good.
“I’m sorry,” I said, “but is that really your biggest concern right now? Your friend was impaled by a chef’s knife.”
“No!” Brooke blinked, as if shocked that I’d think such a thing. “I’m not that big a bitch. But the truth is that the team is down a member, and that is my responsibility.” She stood, her head high. “I wouldn’t expect you to understand.”
“Jana is a key member,” Lexi said, Poms attitude securely in place. “It would be like an oven dying in the middle of a cooking competition.”
Except there was something more. A little glimmer in those golden eyes that I was pretty sure no one but me noticed. She was excited.




 Chapter Eighteen 

Desiree


We’d all been really excited to go on the road trip. Glenn, Marsha, Stan, and I had started planning when to leave and where to go. I’d told them I wouldn’t step a toe outside of town until things were settled with Craig. If he decided to stay, great, I’d go on the trip and celebrate that. If he really was leaving, I needed to stay at home until he did. Despite fury from our father and pleas from our mother, he still insisted he was going to Nam.
“Explain this to me,” I’d begged as I lay on his bed while he sorted through stacks of things he didn’t want or need anymore. “And I have to say it’s sort of ominous that you’re cleaning your room. You never clean your room.”
“No, I leave it for Mom,” he said with a smart-aleck grin. “Gives her something to do.”
“Craig, come on.” I sat up cross-legged and hugged his pillow to my chest. “What’s going on? You had such huge plans. And I was going to join you, remember? We were going to be a brother-sister team for equal rights.”
Carol appeared in his doorway then, holding her left hand out in front of her, admiring her engagement ring. I didn’t know it was possible for a person to spend that much time staring at a ring.
“He’s doing what he feels he needs to do,” she said. “That’s his right. You’re the one always spouting off about how people have the right to do what they want.” She raised her big baby blues to me then. “Sort of makes you a hypocrite, doesn’t it? Always telling people they’re doing things wrong the way you do?”
I got up from the bed and went to the doorway. “Goodbye, Carol.” And I closed the door in her face.
Craig laughed as he returned to sorting through a pile of old school papers.
“That’s not it. I’m not trying to tell you what to do,” I said. “I’ll understand if this is really what you need to do. Can you just tell me why?”
He turned to me then, but his focus was on a term paper still in his hands. A big red A+ took up the entire left-hand corner.
“This was the last term paper I had to write in high school,” he said. “Even at the end when all the college plans were in place, I pushed myself to get perfect marks.”
I nodded. “Mom and Dad tell everyone that you’re a genius. That’s why you’ll be great at fighting for people’s rights.”
“They don’t even look at the grade report anymore,” he continued as if I hadn’t said anything. His voice was tight, and his expression pained.
“Craig? What?”
“I’m flunking out,” he blurted. “I haven’t gotten a C, let alone an A, in over a year.”
“What? Why? What’s going on?” A girl maybe? But he’d never said anything about a girl.
“This is going to sound stupid,” he said. “It started with Martin Luther King Jr. being assassinated and then Robert Kennedy. I can’t work up the heart anymore. They were my mentors, the guiding light I was following.”
“But don’t you see?” I asked. “We need someone to take over where they left off. You could easily be that person. I believe in that fight too, and like I said, I want to be right there alongside you.”
He shook his head, still staring at that term paper. “Might’ve helped to hear that before.”
“What do you mean? You’ve known since you started college that I planned to join you some day.”
He shook his head. “I mean before making the decision to enlist.”
“You still have a choice. You can still go back to school. You’ll have some work to do to get your grades back up, but I know you can do it if anyone can.”
He shook his head. “You don’t understand. I don’t have a choice anymore.”
The air left my lungs. “What are you talking about?”
“One of my buddies and I,” he swallowed. “We went down to the recruiting office together. A friend of his family’s works there. He’s holding the papers for us.”
“What papers?” This came out in a whisper.
“I already signed them,” Craig said. “The officer said he’d do us a favor and hold them until we had time to get our stuff together. We wanted a little time with our families before shipping out.”
My world collapsed. “Craig, what did you do?”
He took a deep breath and looked me in the eye. “I have to report for duty on August first. If I don’t, I’ll be arrested.” 




 Chapter Nineteen 

Mandy


With half an hour left in my last class on Thursday, my phone buzzed. I casually pulled it out of my bag and found a text from Lexi: I need you to stay late tonight.
Me: Why?
Lexi: Tryouts!!!!
Me: But I haven’t danced in years. I can’t try—
“Miss Matteo? Something interesting going on in your lap?” Mr. Rundle, my history teacher, asked.
A few people chuckled, and my face went hot. Then Ethan turned and grinned at me from across the room. That grin made me go hot clear down to my bellybutton.
“No, sir,” I told him and pressed send before turning my phone off.
“Put the phone away, Miss Matteo.” Mr. Rundle said flatly.
At times it worked in my favor to be a goody-goody. Mr. Rundle had the strictest zero-tolerance rule for cell phones in the school. Since the beginning of the year he had collected over a hundred of them. He let me go with only slight embarrassment as penalty.
“Busted,” Ethan said after class.
“Lexi,” I said with an eye roll. “She couldn’t wait half an hour?”
“No harm, no foul,” Ethan said. “Any news on Saturday night?”
Could I call in sick to babysitting for my cousin? Oh! Maybe Desiree would fill in for me. She wanted my wish to be successful, after all.
“Their plans are solid, and it’s too late to get someone else.” I said and his smile faded. “I contemplated calling in sick, but—” I stopped myself before I dropped to my knees and begged him for another chance. Instead I asked, “Another time?”
He nodded. “You bet.” But there was no brushing of his hand against mine this time. No “See you tomorrow.”
Of course by tryouts, Lexi meant Poms. Janna’s foot would take weeks to heal, and then there would be physical therapy. Basically, she was out for the rest of the year. So the team called for emergency tryouts. But instead of making a public announcement—because no one listened to the PA—they passed word of the date and time to specific people they thought might be good on the team. Of course the rumor mill spread word through the whole school within two hours.
Lexi had passed the word on to me. So they wanted me to tryout? Maybe Lexi had reminded Brooke about how much I love to dance. Still, my schedule was packed. No way could I fit Poms into it. Besides, I couldn’t even remember the last time I’d stretched, let alone danced. I got to the gym and saw the squad members sitting scattered across the bleachers with paper and pencils in hand. Lexi and a dozen other girls were standing in the middle of the gym, performing as instructed.
Wait. Why was Lexi…oh. Lexi hadn’t been passing word to me. I pulled out my phone and sure enough, there was a response to that last text I’d hastily sent.
Lexi: Not you. I’m trying out!
Seriously? She wouldn’t be here that much longer, barely long enough to learn the routines. She must be joking around, trying out for fun.
I took a seat on the floor at the far end of the gym and leaned against the wall. Within seconds it was obvious she wasn’t out there for fun. Like at the party on Saturday, Lexi was good. I mean really good. She knew immediately what was being asked of her and didn’t miss a step. There was only one other girl even close to being as good as her.
Two of the dozen girls must’ve heard via rumor about the tryouts and were only there to mock the Poms. They threw their hands in the air and yelled "Rah rah rah,” regardless of what the coach asked them to do. Finally Coach told them to leave and slowly narrowed the rest of the pack until there were only two left. Lexi was still standing. The other girl wasn’t quite as good, but she’d be fine after a little practice. She looked super nervous, and I felt bad for her.
Lexi saw me watching then and waved. About ten minutes later, Coach announced that tryouts were over and gathered the squad into a huddle. I couldn’t hear what she was saying, but it was obvious who didn’t get the spot when the other girl burst into tears and ran out.
“Guess what,” Lexi said, bouncing over to me. “I made the team!”
My brain still did not fully comprehend what had happened. She legitimately tried out? It wasn’t a joke?
“Isn’t that awesome?” Lexi asked, her face beaming with excitement.
But dance was supposed to be my thing. Lexi knew what it meant to me.
“Not so much,” I told her.
“Not so much what?” Lexi asked in a way that said she wasn’t really looking for my congratulations. She stopped in front of the pop machine in the cafeteria.
“You should get a Gatorade,” I said, the same way I’d suggest sweet potato fries over French. “It’s healthier and will replace some of the salts and electrolytes you just sweated out.”
She heard me that time. And her response was a blank stare straight at me as she dropped coins into the pop machine.
“Do you have a problem with me joining the squad?” She popped the top and took a long swig of pop.
What was I supposed to say? That I was jealous? Besides, I could tell that whatever I said wouldn’t matter. “It’s just…you’re not going to be here very long.”
“So?” Lexi said. “How could you know that anyway? Figure out your wish?”
The attitude in her tone was pure Brooke. And getting more intense by the minute.
“No,” I snipped back. “That other girl, the one that didn’t make the team, did you see her crying?”
“Yeah,” Lexi said as she inspected her nails. “She wasn’t as good as me. She didn’t deserve the spot.”
“But you’re leaving. It’s not fair to her. She should be on the team, not you.”
“I’m here now,” Lexi said and stepped closer to me. I had to admit, I felt a little threatened. “Coach gave it to me. I earned it. I want it.”
A thought hit me so suddenly and with such clarity that I actually saw spots in front of my eyes for a few seconds. Lexi had let the knife fall on Janna on purpose. Was she really capable of that?
“The other girl can have the spot if I leave,” Lexi said.
“You mean when,” I corrected.
She didn’t react as she locked eyes with me over her pop can and drank.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked, and a chill ran up my back. Was it possible for her to stay?
Lexi held the stare a few more seconds, then laughed. “I’m just messing with you.”
But there was something about her attitude. I’d never heard a more hollow-sounding laugh. And the look in her eyes, cold and challenging, freaked me out so much I grabbed the Zen circle stone and went up to The Haven right after dinner to summon Desiree.
“I don’t think she plans to leave,” I told her while pacing.
“Plans and results are two different things.” Desiree flopped into the butt hammock and zoned out a little, lost in a memory. “We were going to make the world a beautiful place where brothers and sisters could live together and love one another. Where harmony and peace reigned.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked. Why couldn’t this chick ever stay on topic? I summoned her to talk about me, not go on a trip through her memories.
She raised her head, and looked at me. “The Man wouldn’t let us.”
“The Man?”
“Society,” she said in her slow, hazy way. “Government. The establishment. They decided long ago that everyone has to play, play, play the same game. Make the same climb. Acquire the same goods to show you’re a productive, supportive member of the whole. And where does all that lead? To greed and jealousy and anger.” She sat up and slipped seamlessly into a Buddha pose, an impressive achievement in that hammock chair. “Don’t they see? If we simply share what we produce freely with each other, then negativity will dissolve and harmony will unite.”
“Except it won’t,” I told her and blew out a hard breath. I’d learned enough about Desiree that I knew when she went on like this, it was best to let her finish the trip. We’d get back to me in a second. “People aren’t programmed that way. Even if we all shared freely, we still have this need to succeed by either acquiring power or possessions.” Or spots on the Poms squad. “Not that what you describe doesn’t sound great.”
Desiree gave me a look so sad I actually felt sorry for her. She pointed at me while letting her head flop back again. “You are The Man.”
I’m “The Man?” Whatever.
“What does any of this have to do with Lexi not wanting to leave?”
Desiree smiled and made a humming sound. “You just solved your own quandary.”
I did? I replayed the conversation but couldn’t put the pieces together. “A little more help, please?”
“The most well-intentioned plan won’t work if The Man deems it can’t.” Then Desiree laughed, probably at my irritated and confused expression. “Lexi doesn’t have a choice, Miss Mandy. You have a need to succeed. To figure out your soul’s desire. You will succeed at some point. And when you do, her purpose here will be fulfilled.”
I thought of the knife incident. “Is she capable of hurting someone?”
Desiree zoned for longer than usual. I figured I’d lost her for good this time when she said, “Lexi is capable of anything you are.”
“I’m not capable of hurting anyone.”
She focused on me. “Really?”
My body went icy cold. That was a long time ago.
“Can she sabotage the wish?” I asked, my voice shaking with emotion.
Desiree slipped back into her meditative state of consciousness, or whatever, and didn’t respond.
“Desiree?”
“The events of the wish are all a part of the wish,” she said in her swami voice. “Wildfire may burn a forest to the earth, but the land becomes richer for it. Fertilized with nature’s essential nutrients, the life that springs forth from those ashes will be stronger than that destroyed.” She opened one eye. “In other words, things always work out the way they’re meant to.”
“Yeah, but sometimes fire is set by an arsonist.” I was getting a little tired of the mumbo-jumbo. “So where will she go?”
“What do you mean?”
“When the wish is done and she leaves what will happen to her? Will she fold in on herself like a dying star, or will she drop dead in front of me?” My voice broke on that question. “What will happen?”
“I believe dying stars explode and go supernova rather than collapse.”
I didn’t bother to respond.
Desiree fixed her eyes on me, clear and focused, and answered seriously, “I don’t know.”
“Will it hurt?” I pushed on.
“I don’t know.” She gave a resigned sigh. “My guess is that she’ll sort of vanish. Like the morning dew. It arrives to provide beneficial moisture for the plants and then is gone.”
“But where will she go?” I repeated more angrily this time, tears of frustration threatening to fall. “Will you please just give me straight answers to my questions?”
Why was I pushing this so hard? Guilt? Honestly, I wasn’t very happy with the teenage version of Lexi. Six-year-old Lexi’d been perfect. She’d played with me and accepted me no matter what and took the blame when I did something wrong. Of course the wrong things back then were only stupid kid stuff—spilled milk, chores not done, the television turned on when it wasn’t supposed to be—because Amanda Rosalina Matteo never did anything majorly wrong.
“Mandy, I don’t know where she came from,” Desiree said in all seriousness. “I didn’t create her. I don’t know where she’ll go.”
The tears finally spilled, and I swiped angrily at them.
“Why did you summon me?” Desiree asked.
“You told me you’d be here to bounce things off of.” I sniffed, fighting off more tears. “I know you can’t change the course of the wish or end it, and I know you said some take longer than others to end. But what do I do if I never figure it out?”
From the look on her face, she got this question a lot. She started singing some song about blowing foghorns and letting your spirit fly.
Suddenly I was exhausted. “Desiree, please.”
She paused a moment before saying, “Life changes and you have to adapt. You’ll go on with your life, with Lexi as a part of it.”
Live with my alter-ego? That didn’t always go so well for Bruce Wayne.
“Can she live without me?” I asked, my voice quivering again. “I mean, can she have a life separate from me, or are we going to have this invisible connection between us forever?”
This creepy smile of satisfaction spread slowly across Desiree’s face. “Is the honeymoon over already?”
I wiped another tear. “I don’t know. It seems like everything in my life is changing, and I wanted her to be the one thing that stayed the same.”
“Guess the only way for you to find out is to sever that strand.”




 Chapter Twenty 

Mandy


Lexi started Poms practice the next day, and I had to admit, she was about as happy as a person could be. She was in such a good mood she actually got Mama to come out of the work bubble she’d sequestered herself into over the past week.
“I need to be around some happy people for a while,” Mama said while sitting down to dinner.
“What have you been so busy with, Ms. Matteo?” Lexi asked.
“Oh, a new case,” Mama said dismissively.
That’s the answer I usually got when I tried to chat with her.
“It must be pretty intense,” Lexi pushed. “We’ve barely seen you.”
“It is,” Mama agreed and took an extra-large portion of asparagus before handing the bowl to me. She either forgot to eat or over-ate when she got stressed. “It’s an abuse case. The perpetrator is a real jerk. Worst I’ve ever seen attitude-wise.” She paused, and a deep frown creased her face for a second. Then she shook her head. “I don’t want to talk about it. Like I said, I need some happy news. Tell me what you two have been up to.”
I was about to tell her about writing a column for the paper and the ideas for my website when Lexi started right in with her own news. She went on and on about making the squad and about practice and all the routines she’d learned. She even did a little demonstration for us. It appeared from how smooth her moves were that she was catching on at lightning speed. No surprise there.
“You took dance for a while, Mandy. Remember?” Mama asked.
“I remember,” I said. Memories of soaring across the room in my beautiful pink tutu and leotard and feeling like I could fly filled my head. “I loved dance class.”
“Did you?” Mama asked, a forkful of asparagus suspended halfway to her mouth. “You stopped after one year. I didn’t think you liked it all that much.”
I nearly choked on my wild rice-stuffed chicken breast. “It was the greatest thing in my life. I was really sad when I had to quit.”
“Why did you have to quit?” Mama’s eyes narrowed like she was trying to think back eight years.
“We couldn’t afford it,” I reminded her.
“Who said that?” Mama asked. “It was a little pricey, but we could’ve made it work. I didn’t realize it meant that much to you.”
I could’ve kept dancing? Which one of us remembered things wrong?
“Mandy,” Mama said, “you can’t assume you know what the answer will be all the time. It’s okay to ask for what you want. How are people supposed to know if you don’t speak up?”
Lexi sat there, an I-told-you-so smirk on her face.
Late that night, in the darkness and solitude of The Haven, I pulled a stack of wooden crates that served as bookshelves away from one of the walls to uncover the barre and mirror Uncle Enzo had installed years ago. I’d had three lessons when he came over one night, bursting with excitement about the wall-sized mirror he’d gotten in trade for doing some bodywork on an old Chevy. I’d spent hours every week sinking in plié and rising again in relevé and trying to perfect an arabesque.
The barre was low, positioned for an eight-year-old, so resting my leg on it was no problem. My muscles however, which were now only used for standing in the kitchen or sitting at my desk, protested the positions I asked them to take. It took a few minutes, but they loosened enough that I could try a few of the moves I’d learned so long ago. Lifting my arms into a graceful pose was easy. I felt my biceps and triceps pull and strain in a good way. Maintaining balance was a joke though. My glutes and quads all but laughed at me. The Mandy in the mirror looked more like a gawky goose than a graceful swan.
How good would I be now if I’d been brave enough to ask for more lessons eight years ago? Something told me about as good as Lexi.



The next day, Saturday, Lexi and I went in to town. After running a few errands for Mama and getting Lexi new shoes for Poms, we stopped for lunch at this great little sandwich shop, The Mississippi Queen. It was in an old building downtown that had creaky, uneven floors and worn wood booths. The place was decorated with pieces and parts from an old paddleboat that had once trolled The Mississippi from further north in Minnesota clear down to New Orleans. It fit our little river town perfectly and was a hot hangout for college kids—the types that liked to have deep conversations about the environment and world politics or whatever the current hot topic was. A dozen or so of them were clustered in a corner when we got there. Today’s subject: the rapid disappearance of pristine nature due to so many people wanting to be in the solitude of the wilderness.
“They don’t get it,” a girl with dirty-blonde dreads said. “There is no solitude when everyone has a piece. They all want the beauty, and then they destroy it with deforestation and monster houses.”
“Agreed,” a dude in a backward beret said. “What ever happened to hiking in and leaving no trace? Don’t even get me started on what this does to the animal population.” 
The group fascinated Lexi so much I stopped talking because she wasn’t listening to me anymore.
“Is that what being in college is like?” she asked after a few more minutes. “Is that what you’ll be doing after next year?”
I liked her vision and felt a little thrill of excitement. “Maybe. But my group will probably gather in the quad and discuss the pros and cons of curly versus Italian parsley and the benefits of unsalted butter in our baking.”
Lexi responded with a wistful sigh.
After lunch we stopped at the co-op in search of inspiration for the next cooking club meeting. Lexi offered a few suggestions, but I could tell she was bored with food-related things (unless it involved the eating of said food) and, if given the choice, would’ve been somewhere else.
Around four o’clock Lexi, Mama, and I headed to dinner at Enzo’s house.
“I’m so glad to finally meet you,” Aunt Anna Maria told Lexi, giving her a warm hug. “Enzo says you stop to talk with him in his shop now and then.”
“I do,” Lexi said, sitting next to me at the breakfast bar that separated the tiny cottage kitchen from the living room. “He showed me how to change oil last time.”
“A skill you should learn, Mandy Rose,” Enzo said while preparing burgers for the grill. “You have your own car now. You need to know some basic maintenance.”
“Fine. Just show me how,” I snapped. This was news to me. Since the day he’d started restoration on the Escape for me, all he said was that it should get an oil change and tune up every so-many thousand miles. Never mentioned a thing about me having to be my own mechanic.
Lexi and Rocco hit it off right away. Of course. He was fascinated by the black streaks in her hair—he kept trying to pull them out—and seemed hypnotized by her eyes. And she was content to sit on the living room floor with him for as long as he wanted and retrieve the toys he repeatedly threw across the room.
“You’re very patient with him,” Anna Maria said.
“He’s awesome,” Lexi gushed. Then she cried out when he bit her finger.
“Sorry,” Anna Maria said. “Should’ve mentioned that he’s got some teeth coming in. He’ll chew on anything he can wrap his chubby little fist around.”
“No worries,” Lexi said, inspecting her finger. Then she gently scolded Rocco with a scowl and a shake of her head. “No harm done.”
There she was again, fully taking in yet another new experience. And I could tell she loved every second of it. Even the bitten finger. As much as it’s possible to love getting bitten. It made me wonder, how much had I missed out on because I was always in a hurry to prepare the next meal or get back to my homework or on to college?
While Uncle Enzo grilled the burgers on the deck off the kitchen, Anna Maria, Mama, and I cut up veggies and made baked beans and oven fries while Lexi continued to entertain Rocco with I’ve-got-your-nose and peek-a-boo. We gathered on the deck around the little picnic table Enzo had built and Anna Maria had painted shocking blue. Lexi wanted to feed Rocco and somehow got him to eat a whole serving of carrots.
“I’ve tried a dozen times to get him to eat carrots,” Anna Maria said.
“So have I,” I said. “They usually end up on my shirt or squished all over his tray.”
“I think it’s because it’s Lexi,” Uncle Enzo said with a wink. “I think he’s got a crush on her.”
“A sucker for the ladies,” Anna Maria said. “Takes after his daddy.”
Once dinner was done and the dishes put away, Enzo and Anna Maria dropped Mama off at home and then went to whatever big event they had to attend. The one that was keeping me away from Ethan. Lexi poked her head into the tiny bathroom where I was giving Rocco a bath.
“Can I take the Escape?”
I laughed and plopped a pile of bubbles on Rocco’s hand, which he immediately tried to eat. I wiped them off again. “You can’t drive.”
“I can learn,” Lexi insisted. “How hard can it be?”
“Well you can’t learn in the next five minutes,” I said. “Where are you going? I kind of hoped we’d hang out together. Watch a movie or something? Rocco will be in bed soon.”
“We spent all day together,” Lexi said like a parent who needed time away from her kid.
“Was that so awful?” I asked. Like the kid who wanted her mom to stay and play.
“No, it wasn’t awful.” But the exhale and eye roll told me otherwise. And the few moments of silence that followed were filled with uncomfortable tension.
“Where are you going?” I asked again.
“Party.”
“At Farmer’s Park?” I pulled Rocco out of the tub and wrapped him in a towel. He immediately took off for the living room and his toys, leaving the towel on the floor at my feet. “I didn’t know you knew about it.”
“Why wouldn’t I?” she asked, hands on hips in a Brooke pose. “I didn’t know you knew about it.”
“Why wouldn’t I?” I mimicked then felt stupid. All night I’d been letting Lexi and the attention my family lavished on her get to me. Talk about insecure. I took a breath and tried to act like less of a brat.
I tracked down Rocco and attempted to dry him off while he whined and pushed the towel away—too busy, too much playing to do. I gave up and let him air-dry. But I really needed to get a diaper on him before I had a mess to clean up.
“I know because Ethan asked me if I wanted to go,” I said.
A thin smirk crossed her lips. “And you can’t. That’s too bad.”
“Tell me about it. I’ve been waiting forever for him to ask me out.” I imagined us sitting by the fire, talking and holding hands. Then he’d lean in close and kiss me. Maybe we’d wander into the shadows where we could kiss more in private.
“God, I can tell when you’re thinking about him.” She crossed her arms. “You’re so pathetic.”
“That’s what happens when you like a guy. You think about him. All the time.” I took a breath and tried to ignore the comment. I didn’t want to fight with her. “Have you been planning to go all day?”
“Well, yeah.” Like this should’ve been obvious.
“You knew we had to babysit.” 
“No, you have to babysit,” Lexi said.
“Unless you want to fill in for me?” It was a shot in the dark. I knew she’d never go for it. And the stone-cold you-cannot-be-serious look I got in return confirmed it.
“Are you saying I can’t do stuff without you?” Lexi asked. “Or that I need to ask permission first?” Before I could respond she dropped to her knees, clasped her hands, and begged, “Please, oh please, dear Mandy, may I go to the party with my friends?”
The slight emphasis on the word my stabbed me like an icicle. Desiree had said the only way to find out if we had to stay together was to try being apart. Guess this was as good a test as any.
“No, you don’t need to ask permission first. You’re free to have a life without me.” At that moment, I swear I heard thunder tear across the sky. I went to the big picture window at the front of the house, expecting to see storm clouds rolling in over the bluffs but instead saw a sky full of stars. Weird. “But you still can’t take my car. You don’t know how to drive.”
“I need to learn,” Lexi practically demanded while getting to her feet. “It’s part of the teenage experience. Teach me.”
Jeez, she was bitchy tonight.
“Not now,” I said. “Not with Rocco in the car.”
She glared at me but softened and laughed when Rocco said, “Roc-co Riz-zo-li” like an announcer at a professional wrestling match.
“Will you drop me at Brooke’s then? She’ll get me to the party. I’ll get someone to give me a ride home.”
I agreed, grudgingly, and first brought her home to change clothes. Then Rocco and I took her to Brooke’s. For the briefest of seconds I considered going to the party anyway. I’d just bring Rocco with me. He’d be a big hit. I shook off the thought a second after it entered my head.
“Call me if you need a ride,” I told her. “Enzo and Anna Maria should be back by midnight. I’ll be awake long past that.”
“You could come to the party then,” Lexi said with an eager nod. “It’ll still be going at midnight.”
Did she really want me to come, or was she just looking for a ride? How pathetic would it be to show up at a party as it was winding down? On the other hand, everyone would be way past wasted by then and wouldn’t notice me anyway. Ethan would probably have a dozen girls gathered around him. I couldn’t deal with seeing that. And if he chose one of them instead of me…
“I’ll think about it.” I almost told her to have fun but didn’t. I sort of hoped the party would turn out to be a total bust.
The first time I ever babysat Rocco, Anna Maria’s eyes had filled with tears as they left the house. She’d called every thirty minutes, and they’d ended up coming home an hour earlier than they’d planned. Enzo told me it was the first time she’d been away from him and wasn’t handling it well. In a creepy sort of mother-like way, that’s what I felt as I watched Lexi walk up Brooke’s driveway. A weird ripping sensation tore through me. It’s not like we hadn’t been apart since she got here. But we’d always been in the same building.
Rocco started to cry then so I drove away, sure the rhythm and sound of the car would settle him. His cries quieted a little, but he never went back to sleep and whimpered the whole way home. Nothing worked to calm him down. I tried rubbing some lavender-scented baby lotion on him. I wrapped him up so he was good and warm, but he kicked the blanket off. I tried to read him a story, but he wouldn’t sit still. I turned on Animal Planet; any show with an animal usually captivated him. Not this time. He stopped crying to drink his bottle, but started up again as soon as it was empty.
By this time my head was pounding, and I was out of ideas.
“Why are you so upset?” I asked him. “You were fine until we dropped off Lexi.”
At the mention of Lexi’s name, he giggled.
“Lexi?” I repeated in an experimental way. 
“Wexi,” he echoed and giggled again. In desperation, I dug my phone out of my bag and dialed Lexi’s number.
“Hey!” she said, clearly having a very good time. “Wazup? Areyoucomin’? Ethan asked ’bout you.”
“He did?” My heart raced, but my crying cousin snapped me back to reality. “I’m still with Rocco. He won’t stop crying.” A rush of embarrassment washed over me. “I think he misses you.”
“Oh!” she squealed. “Thazsocute!”
“Can you sober up for a minute and talk to him? I know it’s dumb, but I don’t know what else to do.”
“People!” Lexi called out. “Hush a minute. I gotta talk to my little dude. Turn down the music.” The music went from a blare to a soft buzz. “Okay, put him on.”
I settled on the couch in the dimly-lit room with Rocco wrapped in his favorite blankie and held the phone up to his ear. I had no idea what she said to him, but he smiled. After a minute he snuggled into my arms, his pointer and middle fingers in his mouth, and closed his eyes.
“What did you say?” I whispered to her.
“Izhe shleeping?” The drunken slur was back and the music was loud again.
“Almost,” I said, watching him suck on his fingers.
“I tolhim itwaz time togoto shleep,” she said.
“Gee, why didn’t I think of that?” I mumbled, dejected.
“What?” she screeched in my ear.
“Nothing,” I said as loudly as I dared. “I’m going to put him in his crib. Go back to your party.”
“Bye,” she said and instantly hung up.
Swell. My baby cousin, who had always seemed to adore me as much as I did him, suddenly preferred my imaginary friend.
By the time Enzo and Anna Maria got home two hours later, my head was still pounding, and I felt very sorry for myself.
“Just tired I guess,” I said when they asked what was wrong. Really I was anything but tired.
Going to the party would only make things worse. All night, images ran through my head of me showing up only to find Ethan with a bunch of girls. I’d get there, he’d nod hi, and then wander off with his arm around someone else. So instead I went home and climbed up into The Haven, opened the window to let in the cool, earthy-smelling air.
The full moon lit up the entire field. I could see a few critters scurrying about, chasing each other, some in a playful way, others because they were in search of a meal. Brulée crouched next to one of the garden posts, his butt wiggling, getting ready to pounce. On a field mouse most likely. A fox popped out of the woods and stopped to drink from the creek which still pushed the limits of its banks. It was so quiet I could hear the rushing water as clearly as if I was standing right next to it.
I’m not sure how long I’d been sitting there when I heard a car crunching down our gravel driveway. I went to the top of the loft ladder and saw the car sitting there. Well, the outline of a car. I couldn’t make out whose it was because it had stopped in the shadow of the barn where it was too dark to see clearly. A few seconds later Lexi spilled out of the passenger’s side.
“Thanks for the ride,” she said, too loudly. She closed the door then leaned in the window. “No, she’s probably asleep.” Pause. “Okay, I will.”
Was the driver asking about me? Lexi knew I’d still be up, why wouldn’t she come get me? She glanced up at The Haven and I thought she might come up, but she went right to the house. The screen door slammed as she went in, which probably woke up Mama. Maybe she’d find Lexi drunk and tripping over herself.
I woke up on the futon late the next morning, around 10:30. There was a note on the kitchen table. Took Lexi out to teach her how to drive. Back soon. Love, Mama
Really? I told her I’d teach her. What was so urgent that she couldn’t wait for me to get up? And what was going on with Mama? Desiree must’ve done some seriously powerful magic on her. Lexi had been here for two weeks now, and not once had Mama asked when her mother was returning. In fact, she acted more and more each day like she was Lexi’s mother. Taking her out to drive without her temps? She wouldn’t even let me pull the car out of the garage until I had my temps.
“Back soon” turned into two o’clock in the afternoon. They were each loaded down with shopping bags and laughing and having a good ol’ time as they walked in the door.
“We were by the mall,” Mama said, “so we did a little shopping. I needed some new spring clothes.”
“Great,” I said, not looking up from the instructional English paper I was writing. Or supposed to be writing. I was so irritated I’d only put two sentences on the page in an hour. This paper will discuss the different baking techniques necessary at sea level versus higher altitudes. That was it. Okay, only one sentence. Hang on. Did she say by the mall? The closest mall was thirty miles away. “Wonderful. Glad you had fun. Without me.”
“Now, Mandy, don’t be mad.” Lexi threw an arm over my shoulders. In a teasing voice she said, “We got something for you.”
She stepped onto the porch and came back with a huge box wrapped in apple-green-with-black-polka-dots paper and a big black bow.
“I realized I never got you a birthday present,” Mama said.
“Sure you did,” I said, unable to disguise the suspicion in my voice. “You gave me a little money and that leather jacket you were going to take back. Remember?”
Granted, I’d asked if I could have the jacket. I’d taken it to the cleaners, which had cost a freaking fortune and they said it had cleaned up fine. I swore I could still smell the beer on it. After being worn, spilled on, and professionally cleaned, I couldn’t let her take it back. So now I had a leather jacket.
“Oh that,” Mama said with a dismissive wave. “That’s just clothes. And money is so impersonal. Besides, this was your sixteenth. A big one.”
Just clothes? Mama had forever given clothing as gifts for every occasion. Dual purpose, she said, new yet practical.
Lexi set the box on the kitchen table in front of me.
“It’s partly from me too,” she said and gave me her best Poms full-watt smile.
I set down my pen and pulled off the paper to find a combination food processor/blender/ ice crusher/dough mixer wonder machine.
“I don’t know many high school girls that would want something like this,” Mama said, and gave me a wink and a grin. “But you’re not most high school girls.”
True. To me this was a little piece of paradise, and it zoomed to the top of my ten-best-gifts-ever-received list, right below the dance lessons and the Escape.
“Wow,” I said. Part of my eagerness to get to culinary school was to be able to play with all the cool gadgets I didn’t have. Our kitchen was stocked with the bare necessities: a few bowls, some pans, measuring cups and spoons, and a few old knives with wood handles that were practically falling off. So while this wonderful gadget should have put me over the moon, I knew it cost a few hundred dollars and couldn’t help but feel I was being manipulated.
“Do you like it?” Mama asked, her hands clasped in anticipation of my reaction. I noticed she’d gotten a manicure. I looked down. And a pedicure. I’d never seen her do more than file and buff her nails.
I caught a glimpse of Lexi standing behind Mama, inspecting the tips of her hair. She looked up and saw me staring at her. She dropped her hair and quickly arranged her face into a grin.
“It’s great,” I said. “Kind of expensive though, isn’t it?”
Mama gave another dismissive wave and turned to Lexi. “You were right.”
Right about what? That I’d like it or that I’d say it was expensive? They were getting closer by the day, and I felt more and more like an outsider.
“What are you going to make us for dinner?” Lexi asked. “You can use your fancy new machine.”
If Mama would’ve asked it would’ve felt normal. Lexi asking made me feel like a servant.




 Chapter Twenty-One 

Desiree


My family used to be close. We laughed and joked like happy families did. But as we grew older, we started to grow apart. The first hole appeared when Craig went to college. The hole became a gap the closer the time came for Carol to graduate from high school. The day they both announced their respective news at The Picnic, the gap became a gully. When Dad found out that Craig had signed the papers, the gully became a canyon. Whether in solidarity with my brother or whether I simply wanted to be on the opposite side from my parents, I stood on Craig’s side of the canyon even though I hated what he would be doing.
“Your dad can’t do anything about it?” Marsha had asked from the backseat of Glenn’s Impala. “Stan, stop.”
Her boyfriend had been determined to cop a feel and she had to slap his hand from beneath her shirt every few minutes.
“He says he called everyone who is anyone,” I said. “Craig’s an adult. He wasn’t blitzed, stoned, or otherwise impaired when he signed the papers. It’s all legal. He belongs to the Army as of August first.”
I started crying then, which only made me angrier. I hated crying. It made me feel weak.
Glenn—who had been kissing me from my neck down to my belly in an attempt to distract me—sat up and pulled me onto his lap.
“It’ll be okay,” he said, holding me close.
“You don’t know that!” I jerked away from him and instantly felt bad. I hadn’t intended the words to come out so nastily. “I’m sorry. It’s not your fault.”
He kissed my cheek, accepting my apology.
“You know,” I said, getting off his lap and turning to face all three of them at the same time, “I don’t think it’s Craig’s fault either.”
“Oh, here she goes,” Marsha said. “I know that tone.”
“I’m serious,” I said. “I blame society. Our parents and grandparents with their uptight pressure on us to follow in their footsteps. Never mind what we want. Just become like them and dedicate our lives to what’s expected of us. What if I don’t want to become a housewife or a nurse? What if I want to dedicate my life to fighting for others?”
“You’d be great at that,” Stan said, reaching for the hem of Marsha’s shirt again. “I don’t know anyone who can argue a point the way you can.”
“My point is,” I said, making a face at him, “they won’t give us that choice.”
Out of nowhere, Glenn cupped my face in his hands and kissed me long and deep. His intent was to settle me down. It worked.
“We only have a year left,” he said in his most reassuring voice. “Twelve months from now it’ll be us graduating. We’ll be able to take off then, and they won’t be able to stop us.”
“We’re waiting?” Marsha said. “I thought we were taking off this summer. Hitting the road. Seeing the country.”
Glenn looked confused, but his face brightened, and he asked, “You told her?”
“Well, yeah,” I said. “I was serious about going. I thought you were too. Marsha wants to come with us.”
“I wasn’t sure if you really—”
“I do,” I said. “I really, really want to get out of here. I can’t sit here all summer and listen to wedding plans. Mom’s already crying either because she’s happy for Carol or miserable about Craig. That will only get worse after he leaves.” I looked from Glenn to Marsha to Stan. “Please, I’m begging you all. Let’s go.”
“Where?” Stan asked.
Glenn shrugged. “I figured we’d start off in a direction and see where we end up.”
“Yeah,” Stan said. “But isn’t there something you’ve always wanted to see?”
There were tons of things. My family had taken plenty of vacations around Texas and the bordering states while I was growing up, but we’d never left the South.
“The Statue of Liberty,” I blurted and suddenly felt lighter than air. “How perfectly poetic would that be? Freedom. Independence. She’s the ultimate symbol of what we want. And she’s a woman.”
“You’re a genius,” Marsha said and finally let Stan’s hand slip beneath her blouse. “When do we leave?”




 Chapter Twenty-Two 

Mandy


“And then there were two,” Crissy said as she poked at her lunch on Wednesday.
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
She nodded across the cafeteria. The table by the wall of windows was loaded with Poms and jocks. On Monday Lexi’d sat with us for about ten minutes before the Poms waved her over. “Be right back” turned into running back to grab her books before her next class. On Tuesday she headed toward our table and then veered right after saying, “I’m just going to…” and nodded toward The Others. Today she didn’t even look our direction.
“She’s one of them now,” Crissy said in a purposely dramatic the-zombies-have-taken-her way. She rolled a French fry in ketchup over and over. “Can’t blame her really. They’re fun.”
“And we’re not?” I asked. Suddenly the chopped Greek salad I made last night held no appeal.
“What’d you do this weekend?” Crissy asked and answered immediately with, “No, let me guess. Did some errands for your mom ’cause she had work to do then went to the store and stared at the food until it blurred together into a meal of some kind. Then you spent a rocking Saturday night babysitting your cousin.” She popped a ketchup-sodden fry into her mouth. “Am I close?”
“I…shut up. What did you do, Miss Excitement?” When she reached up to push her too-long bangs out of her eyes, I noticed a big purple mark on her lower arm. “What happened?”
“What?” She spun to look behind her.
“Your arm?” I pointed then spit a Kalamata olive pit into my hand.
“Oh. That.” She shook her head. “I tripped over one of Corona’s toys and fell against the coffee table.”
“Really?” I pushed. “Because it looks sort of like a hand to me.”
“I fell.”
“You know that’s the excuse every abused woman gives.”
Crissy pursed her lips. She was getting mad at me, but I didn’t care.
“I went up north with Brad this weekend,” she said, blocking my concern. “He wanted to go to a swap meet.”
Fine. We could move on, but my radar was now activated. “What’s a swap meet?”
“Basically it’s a ginormous garage sale for anything car-related. He needed some parts.”
“And this is your definition of a fun way to spend the weekend?”
“We can’t always do what I want.” She tugged at her sleeve when she saw me looking at her arm again. “I gotta do Brad’s stuff too.”
“So that would be a no?”
“You know what?” She looked behind her like she was making sure no one was standing there listening. “I was bored outta my mind. I followed him from tent to tent and held his beer while he dug through crates of junk.” She squared her shoulders. “But at least I was out doing something.”
“I was babysitting Rocco.” I earned a little money. That was better than sitting home with my cat. Right? 
“You’ve been babysitting Rocco every Saturday for the past year.”
“Not every Saturday.”
“Get a life, Mandy.”
I wished people would stop telling me that.
Of the three of us, which one was happiest with her life? Lexi, who was quickly becoming the queen of the school? Crissy, who was on boyfriend number three since last summer? Or me? Okay, not me. No way was it me. But at least I wasn’t making a drunken fool out of myself or letting some guy drag me around to look for the right lug nut or whatever.
“Do you have plans this weekend?” I asked Crissy.
“Not really. Brad’s gonna work on his car with his friends. I’ll probably go hang out and watch.”
“Neither do I. Not even babysitting. Let’s do something. I’ll pick you up, and we can go to a movie, and you can spend the night.”
Crissy laughed. “A sleepover?”
“Sure, why not? It’ll be at least as much fun as watching Brad work on a car.”
“Can’t argue with that,” she said with an eye roll. “You’re not going to go to the party? Wherever it is this week?”
I shook my head. “I don’t think I could stomach hanging around that group again.”
“Okay then. It’s a date.”
That was the bright spot in my week. Ethan was being weird. I mean he’d look at me when I walked into class, and we talked a couple of times. He barely looked me in the eye though and acted like he had somewhere he needed to be. It’s like he was mad at me. But why? For not going to the party? Maybe I was being paranoid. Again.
The Nourishing Nosh meeting could barely come fast enough. I needed my domain, my place in the world where things usually went the way I planned. The last two weeks had been glitches. We were only making roasted red-pepper hummus today. How could anything go wrong with hummus?
Lexi joined the meeting at the point where we were putting the peppers under the broiler to roast.
“You’re here,” I said. I figured she’d be too busy with Poms to come to any more meetings.
She looked around dramatically and then down at herself. “I appear to be.” Then she leaned in close to me. “Worried I’d gone imaginary again?” 
“Very funny,” I said. “Is Brooke coming?”
“Who knows? She’s got a meeting with the coach. No practice tonight.”
“Uh-oh,” I said as I pulled the recipes out of my folder. “Trouble in paradise?”
“She can be really bitchy sometimes,” Lexi blurted. “Especially when you’re new to the squad and don’t fully know the routines yet.”
“Brooke bitchy?” I feigned shock. “I warned you.”
“What’re we making today?” she asked, abruptly closing the Brooke discussion. I guess Brooke was her territory now. It was okay for her to complain about her but not me.
That’s when I remembered I was supposed to be leading the group. And that I had peppers under the broiler.
“Hummus can be done lots of ways other than with red pepper,” I told everyone after pulling the perfectly roasted peppers out of the oven. “Roasted garlic. Black olive. Plain old regular. It’s amazing how adding something here and deleting something there can make such a difference. It’s the same food but totally different too.”
“And you can use serving bowls in colors to set the mood if you’re having a party,” Geneva added. “Bright, contrasting ones for a rockin’ fiesta or crystal for a sparkling Christmas gathering.”
We were totally going to see her on HGTV one day.
“What’s this stuff?” Lexi asked, investigating a jar of tahini.
“It’s a paste made from crushed sesame seeds,” I explained. “It can be kind of intense so you need to add more or less according to what you like.”
Jherie brought a variety of ingredients so we could make a few different kinds of hummus. After everyone whirled their ingredients in a blender or food processor, we sampled our creations.
“This is really good,” Hallie said. Her eyes closed to fully appreciate the flavor of the hummus. One of my tips to avoid overeating: no mindless munching, enjoy each bite. Hallie had lost five pounds in the first two weeks of the club by following my tips and was now my most dedicated member. “How do we make the chips?”
Brooke flew in the door then.
“Sorry,” she blurted as though we’d been waiting for her. “I got caught up in a meeting with the coach.” She made a swirly motion toward the food. “Continue. What’d I miss?”
“We made hummus today.” I gave her a quick recap of the ingredients—garbanzo beans, olive oil, tahini, lemon juice, salt, and red pepper. “I was about to tell them how to make the pita chips.”
“Try some,” Lexi said, slowly sliding the bowl of hummus toward Brooke. “It’s really good.”
Brooke popped a pita with tons of hummus into her mouth.
“The chips are just pita bread cut into wedges. Brush them with a little extra virgin olive oil first. You can sprinkle them with herbs or a little parmesan or sea salt. You can even make a dessert-style chip.” I laid some pita rounds on a cutting board, brushed on some butter substitute, sprinkled them with cinnamon and sugar, and cut the rounds like a pizza. “Then bake them at four hundred degrees until they’re crispy, eight or ten minutes. Again, a small change here and there and you’ve got a whole new experience.”
Geneva leaned in toward me and quietly asked, “What’s wrong with her?”
“Who?”
“Brooke.”
Blotchy red patches had broken out across her face and hands. Her lips swelled. She leaned against the cooking table and tried to get a deep breath.
I waved Jherie over. “I think she’s having an allergic reaction.”
“But we had everyone fill out those medical forms so we’d know about allergies,” Jherie said.
“Brooke didn’t fill out the form yet, remember?”
Jherie dropped her head back and groaned. “Is she allergic to nuts? The sesame seeds in the tahini can cause the same reaction.”
“Oh my God. Yes, she’s highly allergic.” I went over to Brooke. “It’s the sesame seeds in the tahini. The office is closed. Do you have an EpiPen with you?”
She nodded and wheezed with every breath. “In…my…gym…bag.”
I looked around frantically for her bag, but she’d come into the kitchen without it.
“Where is it?” I asked.
“In…the…gym.”
“Lexi, go get her bag.”
Lexi sat there while Brooke’s lips started to puff like little pillows and her eyes slowly swelled. More and more red splotches broke out across her face and neck. Finally, apparently deciding she had nothing better to do, Lexi stood from her stool, smoothing her shirt as she did.
“Lexi, hurry!” I said. “What don’t you understand about this? Her throat is closing up.”
In the time it took for Lexi to stroll back in with Brooke’s bag, Jherie had called 9-1-1, and I’d called Mrs. Pulaski, who said she would meet her daughter at the emergency room.
“Is this what she needs?” Lexi asked, holding up the EpiPen.
I snatched it from her and jabbed it into Brooke’s thigh, as I’d seen her do before. I rubbed the spot to help the medicine work faster and fifteen minutes later, Brooke was in the ambulance on the way to the emergency room.
Later that night, I called Brooke to see how she was.
“I’m fine,” she said. “But my mom is beyond mad. She’s going to call Ms. Nolan in the morning. I’m surprised she didn’t call her at home tonight.”
“I’m so sorry,” I told her. “I didn’t know about the sesame seeds. You’re sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah.” But I knew Brooke’s voice. She was shaken. “The way Lexi stood there. I thought maybe she didn’t get it or was in shock. She just stood there watching as my tongue swelled up.”
“I can’t imagine Lexi doing that.” It wasn’t a lie. I couldn’t imagine it, even if that is exactly what she’d been doing.
“You’re right,” Brooke said. “It probably just felt like it. I haven’t had a reaction that bad in years.” She gave a weak laugh. “It would be nice to be able to blame someone else for my stupidity.”
Honestly, I’d wondered the same thing about Lexi but had also assumed that it was shock or panic. Lexi never panicked though. Her reaction had been slow and calculated. The thing that really chilled me was what I had realized on the way home. Lexi’d sat in the passenger’s seat, her legs bouncing while she rapid-fire texted everyone about what had happened. It was her legs, they’d also been bouncing as she’d watched Brooke’s allergy kick in. And when the knife impaled Janna’s foot. She’d been excited.
After hanging up, I found Lexi lounging on her bed with a bowl of popcorn, looking at a magazine.
“You knew what was going on with Brooke today, didn’t you?”
Lexi stared blankly at me for a few seconds. “What was going on with Brooke?”
“You’re joking, right? She could’ve died.”
She flipped a page. “Don’t be so dramatic.”
“I’m not being dramatic. You know how bad her allergy is.” Still no reaction. Maybe she didn’t know. “Okay, for example, when we were in fourth grade someone brought in what looked like chocolate chip cookies for their birthday. They were peanut butter chocolate chip and Brooke had one. She almost died. Seriously, she turned blue and everything.”
Lexi blinked at me and went back to the magazine in front of her.
“She’s the one who said she asks before eating.” Flip. “She didn’t ask.” Flip. “I didn’t know about the sesame seeds anymore than you did. I assumed it was okay.”
“That’s not the point. You didn’t hurry. It’s like you didn’t even care.”
I waited for her to say more. To laugh and say she was joking. To assure me that she wasn’t really this cold-hearted. That she didn’t purposely stand back and watch while Brooke gasped for breath.
But she wouldn’t say more. And I couldn’t ask because what scared me more than the thought of Lexi doing that on purpose, was the thought that the ability for her to do so came from me.




 Chapter Twenty-Three 

Mandy


Saturday night I picked Crissy up at her house on the east side of town. A lot of the houses there were dinky—a standard garage was bigger—and most of the yards were more dirt with grass patches than grass with dirt patches. There were the exceptions, like Crissy’s neighbor across the backyard who loved gardening and had created a beautiful little Eden. (I made a mental note to chat with her about tips before I planted my garden.) Crissy’s house was bigger than the others, but honestly, it was kind of a dump.
Crissy had on faded navy leggings with red Keds and a white-and-blue-striped long-sleeved man’s shirt. Her hair looked clean for the first time in days, but she didn’t have on any makeup. The heavy circles under her eyes combined with her pasty skin made her look like one of the undead.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“Nothing,” she said as she stared at her folded hands resting in her lap.
“Crissy?”
But she wouldn’t say anything. I gave her another few seconds, then pulled away from the curb.
“Brad thinks I’m cheating on him,” she blurted once we were a block away.
“You told him who you were going out with, right?” She nodded. “How many dudes named Mandy does he know?”
“He doesn’t believe I’m out with you. When he calls, I’ll give you the phone so he knows I am.”
Seriously? “Is he always like this? Why doesn’t he trust you?”
“Look,” Crissy said, “if you’re going to rip on him all night—”
“Whoa.” I held up a hand. “Truce. I’m not ripping on him. I asked, what, three questions? All I’m saying is that it sounds like he’s the one who decides what you get to do and where you get to go.”
She had her hand on her seatbelt buckle, ready to get out of the car.
“I’m not ripping. I promise. I’m just worried about my friend.”
She let go of the buckle and stared out the passenger’s window while absently spinning the silver ring on her thumb. “You don’t need to worry.”
The night started with Brad calling every half hour. When he called during the movie for the second time, people threatened to get the manager if it rang again so she reluctantly shut off her phone. When she turned it back on at the end of the movie, there were six messages from him, one every fifteen minutes, demanding that she call. The last one said if he didn’t hear from her in about two effing seconds he was coming to find her. Only he didn’t say “effing.” I’m sure she didn’t want me to hear that. It wasn’t my fault though. He’d yelled so loudly she had to pull the phone away from her ear. Good thing she had him on speed dial because her hands were shaking so hard I don’t think she could’ve managed more than that one button.
“We were watching the movie,” Crissy told him, her voice small and her shoulders hunched. “Yeah, I could’ve texted I guess. I’m sorry. But the other people… I know… No, it doesn’t matter what other people think, but it was a good movie and I wanted… Okay, okay, I know. I’m sorry. Babe, I’m sorry. The movie’s done… To Mandy’s house… In Hidden Valley.”
I watched her expressions as the questioning went on and on. She looked down at her feet and then turned away from me. This was not the girl I’d met on the playground my first day of school. That girl had kicked Jerry Jenkins in his boy parts because he’d picked on her hand-me-down outfit.
I got nauseous as a tucked-deep-away memory sprang to the surface of my mind. It was a long time ago, when I was four, so maybe I remembered wrong, but I was in Alexa’s room, we were playing. Mama and Papa were downstairs discussing something. Their voices got louder and louder until pretty soon Papa screamed, “Who the hell do you think you are, telling me what to do?” Then I remembered another time he got mad and yelled at me. It had scared me when he yelled and I’d run away from him. He’d grabbed my arm and jerked on it so hard my shoulder hurt for days.
I snatched the phone out of Crissy’s hand. She grabbed for it like a balloon she’d been blowing up and lost hold of.
“Brad, Mandy Matteo,” I said in my best business-like voice. Crissy shook her head rapidly, eyes bugging out.
“Put Crissy back on,” he said. His voice was low and stern and honestly, he intimidated me a little.
“I’m standing right next to her,” I said, “so I can’t help but hear what she’s saying. It seems like you don’t believe her.”
Crissy waved her arms for me to give the phone back. When I didn’t, she held her hands together in a plea for me to leave it alone.
“She’s with me,” I said, “no one else. I promise it’s just us.”
This seemed to placate him a little. “She’s stayin’ at your place tonight?”
“Yes,” I said. “Technically we’ll be sleeping in the loft over my barn but yeah, at my place. You can call anytime you want, her phone or mine. I’ll text you my cell number. We’ll be there in about an hour.”
I handed my phone to Crissy and told her to send him my number.
“Why can’t I call your house?” Like ha-ha, bitch, what’re you tryin’ to hide?
“Because there isn’t an extension in the barn and if you call the house you’ll wake my mom. I wouldn’t suggest doing that.”
It made me feel sick to suck up to him this way, but I couldn’t watch her cower anymore. A few more reassurances and Brad and I had an understanding. When I hung up, Crissy looked like a caged animal waiting for the trainer to come with a whip.
“You should’ve let me talk to him,” she said, handing me my phone back. “I know how to calm him down.”
“How?” I asked. “By letting him be your master?”
She cringed and seemed to physically shrink before my eyes.
“I’m sorry.” My hands shook as much as hers did, but I shoved them in my pockets so she wouldn’t see. “It’s fine. He’s cool with everything now.”
“Brad cool? Right.”
He didn’t call again for an hour and a half and then it was to work out details for the exchange of Crissy the next day.
“I’m not going anywhere ’til morning,” Crissy said with a plea in her voice that made my skin prickle. “I promise, I’ll be home tomorrow by… Okay, sure. You can pick me up. Mandy doesn’t have to drive all the way into town to drop me off then… No, I’m not trying to inconvenience you… Mandy will bring me if you want her to.”
Finally they settled on me bringing her home because he had to work on his car. But she was to call him when she got there.
I wanted to know more. I wanted to ask her about the bruise on her arm that resembled fingers. But I could tell by the look on her face that she’d been through enough for one night. I’d let it go. For now.
We were both really hungry so I showed Crissy how to make one of the super fast appetizers we were going to make at a future club meeting—miniature multi-grain bagels first toasted lightly then topped with thin slices of Granny Smith apples and squares of cheddar. A few minutes back under the broiler until the cheese melted and they were ready.
“Very simple and reasonably healthy,” I said.
“Corona would like this,” Crissy said of her five-year-old sister while licking gooey cheese off her fingers. She pulled out her phone and took a picture of me holding a plateful of our creation. “She’ll feel all swanky that we’re eating appetizers.”
“Let her help you,” I suggested. “You cut everything up, and let her put the pieces together.”
We brought our swankitizers, as Crissy dubbed them, up to the loft where we played music and talked about anything but Brad or the Poms until we saw the lights of a car pull into the driveway. Sure that it was Brad, Crissy rushed to the ladder and practically launched herself down to meet him but then paused because this car wasn’t loud enough to be Brad’s Camaro. She lay down on her stomach with her chin in her hands so she could see and looked out the open barn doors.
“Who is that?” she asked.
The shadow of the barn cloaked it, but it looked like it might be the same car from last weekend. This time, instead of getting out of the car right away, Lexi sat inside for a long time.
“Does she have a boyfriend?” Crissy asked.
“Not that I know of,” I said. “She would’ve told me if she’d started seeing someone. Why?”
“Because it looks like she’s snugged up pretty close to the driver. And chicks don’t usually sit that close to chicks. Unless there’s something else she hasn’t told us.”
I went to the railing and lay down next to Crissy. I didn’t see anything. Either Crissy had super-vision or was guessing at what was going on in the car. “Maybe she does have a boyfriend. Check off another item on the Teenage Experience list.”
“What’s that mean?” Crissy asked, sitting in the hammock chair now, trying to convince Brulée to jump into her lap. He was busy with his grooming rituals. Must’ve been prowling the field; there were little bits of dried grass stuck in his fur.
“Never mind. Long story,” I said.
“Why do I know that car?” Crissy asked.
I shook my head. “I do too. One of the Poms maybe?” That would mean Crissy was right about the chicks-sitting-close-to-chicks thing.
“Should I go knock on the window and ask them what they’re doing?” Crissy grinned. But then we heard a spray of gravel as the car pulled away.
“Lexi!” I yelled. She jumped and looked all around. “In The Haven. Come on up.”
She hesitated but came our way.
“So? Who was that?” Crissy teased.
“Just a guy,” Lexi said dismissively. But the way her cheeks turned pink told me he was more than just a guy.
“Come on, tell,” I said and pulled her down next to me on the futon.
“Do I have to tell you everything?” Lexi asked. But she seemed more embarrassed than irritated.
“Obviously you aren’t,” I said and pushed on. “He brought you home last weekend too, didn’t he? How long have you been seeing him?”
Lexi investigated a tear in the knee of her jeans. “Just this week. He gave me a ride home from the party last weekend, and I asked him out this week.”
“Where was the party tonight?” I asked.
“That’s not where we went,” Lexi said, slightly dreamy but more reserved. “We picked up a pizza and brought it to a park. We sat and talked a lot.”
“And made out in the driveway for ten minutes,” Crissy said. “Or was that a good-bye kiss and the making out happened earlier?”
“We didn’t make out,” Lexi said softly. She turned bright red which was highly unusual and told me that she’d fallen big-time for this guy. It was nice that she got to add dating to her bucket list before she left. “What’re you two up to tonight?”
“We went to a movie,” Crissy said. “Now we’re just hanging out.” For the first time this year Crissy looked relaxed and like the friend-since-first-grade I remembered. It didn’t hurt that Brad had stopped calling.
“Fun,” Lexi said in a too-enthusiastic voice, obviously steering the conversation away from her mystery date. “What movie did you see?”
Lexi stayed with me and Crissy for the rest of the night. There was none of the snobby too-good-for-you attitude we’d gotten all week long, and she didn’t talk about Poms at all. She gave Crissy a manicure, which she’d needed as badly as I had, and we talked about guys—not their respective boyfriends or Ethan, just guys in general—and a bunch of other girly stuff.
After the two of them fell asleep—Lexi in the butt hammock with Brulée curled up in her lap, Crissy on the futon—I was still wide awake. I crawled down the ladder with a blanket and headed to the field. I lay on the lounge chair alongside the creek and absorbed the amazing peace of the night. Crickets chirped and an animal rustled in the growing grasses near the trees on the other side of the now slower-flowing creek. The moon was in its third quarter. Waning. Fading away. Like Lexi was. Last week she seemed full and bright and glowing with life. This week she was dimmer somehow. Not as happy and excited with everything as she had been.
If only she would’ve looked me in the eye, just once, while we talked tonight. But she never did. It wasn’t that she’d ignored me. She talked to me, but she looked at Crissy or Brulée or out the window or at something on the bookshelf. She and I both knew that whatever it was she was hiding from me, I’d see it in those melted-gold eyes of hers.
And if the gnawing sensation in my gut was right, I didn’t want to know what it was anyway.




 Chapter Twenty-Four 

Desiree


“Schadenfreude,” Kaf said as he appeared in my bus, a cloud of smoke hovering at his feet. 
“Gesundheit,” I answered and started to giggle. But I never giggle. Not even when I was madly in love with Glenn and giddy about the possibility of what we could achieve together. This wish had gotten to me.
I got lost for a minute in the hope-filled memories of the last year of my life. My real life. The one before we ran away and everything fell apart. Then, still thinking of Glenn (God, I missed him) and all that I never got to do, I blinked and realized that a man the polar opposite of my too-thin, sandals-wearing, flannel-shirt-loving boyfriend was standing in my bus. Oh yes. Kaf.
I would’ve tidied up if I’d known he was coming. I closed my eyes for two seconds and suddenly my bus was eat-off-the-floor clean. I’d gotten good at making things like that happen over the last forty-five years. Clean my bus, conjure new clothes or food, travel instantly to anywhere in the world—my bus was currently parked in the middle of a little-traveled valley of the Rocky Mountains. Jamaica was next on my list. Those things I could do.
What I couldn’t do was the one thing I truly wanted most, to go back and right my wrongs. Like Mandy was going to do.
I started to giggle again. Guess it was either that or cry. And I don’t cry.
“Schadenfreude is German for feeling pleasure from another’s pain.” Kaf said as he picked up the little potted Texas bluebonnet on my desk and examined it from all angles. “It appears that you are enjoying your charge’s misery. Why would that be?”
He’d interpreted my laughter as me being happy about Mandy’s suffering. He was so far off target.
“I am not feeling schaden...whatever,” I said and snatched my little plant away from him. “The events of this wish are happening organically, just like with every other wish. I’m following the rules.”
“They may be organic, but you are manipulating the events. This wish could have completed long ago.” He locked his hypnotic eyes on me. “It is almost as though you can’t stop yourself.”
His words seemed to almost be a dare, a taunt. A challenge? Did he, for some reason, want me to interfere?
A shiver ran through me as I suppressed a smile. “Don’t sweat it, brother. I know exactly what I’m doing.”




 Chapter Twenty-Five 

Mandy


“Did you hear about the new hookup?” Pom #1 said loudly.
It was Monday morning. Lexi went to her locker, and I was at mine gathering what I needed for my first two periods. A cluster of Poms had gathered a dozen or so lockers down from me, and I heard them talking about the latest rumor. And no rumor spreads faster than that of a new hookup.
Pom #2: Everyone’s talking about it.
Pom #3: Can you believe it? I can’t believe it. I mean, wasn’t he with someone else at Janna’s party? I mean, what a mut.
Pom #4: What’s a mut?
Pom #3: A male slut. Came up with it myself.
Pom #5: Yeah, I never would’ve guessed Ethan…
As soon as Ethan attached to my brain (there was only one Ethan in our school, after all), I didn’t hear the rest. The next thing I knew, the cluster-o-Poms was looking at me, half of them with pity, the other half with as-if-she-stood-a-chance expressions. Suddenly everything went all swimmy, and I couldn’t breathe. I wanted to know who he’d hooked up with, but I sure couldn’t ask them. I didn’t want to hear that kind of news from the Poms.
Not that I had a right of any kind to know what was going on with him. It’s not like he owed me an explanation. One dance and a kiss didn’t mean we were a couple. And I suspected all along that he’d been getting together with someone else. I’d never thought I was anything other than friend material.
When I walked into chemistry, Ethan was already in his seat. I stood by the door for a few seconds, hoping he’d look up at me. One look at his face would tell me if the rumors were true. He didn’t look up, but he knew I was there. I could tell by the way he turned away from me and then sat there with his textbook open, head down. Or maybe he didn’t know I was there. Maybe he’d heard the rumors and simply wanted to shut everyone out. I would.
As usual, I heard nothing of the lecture. This time I was distracted about Ethan, not by him. (If the rumors were true, who was he with?) I felt numb, as though every muscle in my body had lost the ability to function. (There was that redhead—Rita?—who asked to borrow a sheet of paper from him in chemistry every day. Every day!) And then I felt stupid because really, I had no right to these feelings. He could see whoever he wanted. (That exchange student, Mai Lin. She’s cute and laughed at whatever he said.) Even though his kisses sure had made me feel like he wanted to see me.
“Mandy?”
I blinked. Geneva was standing by my desk.
“You okay?” she asked cautiously.
“Yeah. Why?”
“Class is over.” She indicated the empty, other than us and Mr. Rundle, classroom. “Time to go.”
I got to my feet, not entirely confident my still-numb legs would hold me, and grabbed my too-heavy bag.
Geneva waited until we were in the hall. “You heard the rumor, didn’t you?”
“Yeah.” I tried to brush it off, reminding myself he wasn’t mine to feel this way about.
“I’m sorry.” Geneva handed me her chemistry notes. Had I asked for them? “I can’t believe Lexi would do this to you.”
“What?” I clutched her notebook to my chest, not processing what she’d said. “What about Lexi?”
“Oh man.” Geneva sighed hard. “I thought you knew. You said you heard.”
“Wait. Are you saying he hooked up with Lexi?”
“I…um…” She looked around, probably for an escape route. “We should hurry. We’ve only got two minutes to get to class.” She pointed up. “Mine’s upstairs.”
She walked faster, and I kept up.
“Is that what you’re telling me?”
“Don’t kill the messenger,” she said with a wince and spoke faster than ever. “Yes. Ethan and Lexi were together this weekend. At least that’s what everyone’s saying. I’m sorry. I thought you knew. I gotta go. Talk to you later.”
She took off like a massive caffeine jolt had just kicked in. Leaving me standing alone in the middle of the hallway. I wandered in a daze to my next class (French) and got to my seat two minutes late. My teacher made a point of letting me know this, in French, but otherwise let it go. Score another one for the goody-goodies.
At lunch Crissy said nothing. I fumed in silence, too mad/shocked/betrayed to even vent. Every time I opened my mouth to rant, nothing came out so instead I glared across the lunchroom at Lexi. Normally she sat facing me, basking in the glow of her prized spot at the center of the Poms table. Today her back was to me, and she was sitting alone at the far end of the table, the group turned away from her.
She didn’t come to English after lunch. Must’ve been crossing “skipping class” off her experience list. Fine by me. We had a big test on Wednesday, and I needed to pay attention. If she would’ve been there, I would’ve ended up in the principal’s office for pulling her perfect hair out.
Like in first period, Ethan was already in his seat in last period history when I got there. At the end of class he shot out of the room the second the bell rang. By the time I got into the hallway, he was nowhere to be seen. By the time I got to the Escape, his car had already vacated the lot.
Of course. Talk about being in denial. I’d known the truth from the start, that the car in my driveway was Ethan’s. The shadow excuse had simply been a sad attempt at self-preservation.
What had I done? What hadn’t I done? Why was he doing this to me?
I stood beside my car trying to get control of myself before getting behind the wheel. Not that I had much of a choice. My hands shook so hard I couldn’t get my keys out of my bag anyway. Ignoring the stares from people wondering what was up with the crazy chick in the parking lot, I paced circles around the Escape and analyzed the situation.
Lexi was my opposite. She did the things I would never do. I would never get drunk and nearly sleep with some guy I didn’t know. I would never tell off the lunch lady. I would never purposely hurt someone so I could try out for their spot on Poms. And then take that spot from someone more deserving. I would never be able to talk my mother into taking time away from her paperwork for an afternoon of fun. I would never steal a guy my best friend wanted, especially when it looked like they were finally going to get together. All things she did without hesitation. Things she did because I, by being so cautious and scared, made her this way.
Did that mean I should understand and forgive?
Possibly. I couldn’t get myself to do that right then though. What I could do was let her find her own way home. I pulled out my keys—the shaking now down to a minor tremor—and sped out of the parking lot. And it must’ve been the right choice because I hit every light green on the way home.



“What the hell? You left me?” Lexi demanded as she stormed up the ladder to The Haven nearly an hour later.
I don’t know who brought her home. I didn’t look. No way could I have handled seeing Ethan’s car in my driveway again.
“What the hell? You and Ethan?” I demanded in return. She shrunk back a little. Probably hadn’t expected me to fight back. “You know how much I like him. How could you do this?” She said nothing. “There are like four hundred guys in the school and you had to go after the one I’ve had a crush on for five years?”
Again, no response. It would’ve helped if she at least looked remorseful. Instead she sat all prim and proper on the edge of the futon and picked at a hangnail.
“Look at me, damn it!”
Her head snapped up, and she looked into my eyes for the first time in days. And there it was, floating in the melted gold. Smug glee at having won. Joyful at having become a full-fledged don’t-give-a-damn-about-anyone-but-myself teenager.
Except what she still didn’t understand was that not all of us were like that. There were plenty of us that cared about being good people and doing the right thing. Yes, I picked on the Poms a lot, but really it was because I was jealous. Many of them were like me. They joined the squad simply because it gave them the chance to dance. And while a few had snarky, self-obsessed attitudes, not even Brooke, as wenchy as she could be sometimes, was as bad as Lexi had become. What had happened to her in three short weeks?
Suddenly the obvious became clear: Lexi was not there to repair my friendship with Brooke and Crissy like I thought. Brooke was happy with her life now, or at least she seemed to be. And even though it meant we’d no longer be best friends, I wasn’t interested in following her anymore. I had other options.
Crissy? We seemed to be reconnecting because of the absence of Lexi. If Lexi hung around us more, if she still ate lunch with us every day, I’d be more focused on her than Crissy. Crissy and I were figuring things out again, and Lexi was still here.
So, if they weren’t at the crux of my wish, what was?
Lexi threw her head back, her hair flowing like a queen’s robes (although, I couldn’t help but notice, it wasn’t as perfect and shiny as it had been a week ago), and laughed.
“I’ve been telling you since I got here to get over yourself,” she said. “To live a little and have fun and quit trying to escape all the time. You made this happen.”
When she looked at me this time, the melted gold had hardened. If I wasn’t so supremely pissed off, I would’ve been scared.
“Always looking to the future,” Lexi went on, her voice acidic, her expression blank. “Always trying to get further and further away so no one will ever learn your nasty little secret. The one you’d rather kill yourself over than risk everyone finding out about.”
My legs went weak. “Shut up,” I whispered.
“Little Miss Goody-Goody. No one would ever guess.”
A little louder this time. “Shut up, Lexi.” 
Memories of the day twelve years earlier slammed into my head. How could she use that, of all things, against me?
Lexi stood in front of my ballet mirror, admiring her reflection. “Never in your life done anything wrong.” She stopped primping and stared at me from the mirror. “Or at least that’s what you’ve managed to make everyone believe.”
“Get out!” I yelled. “Get out of my haven. Get out of my life.”
“Fine!” Lexi screamed back.
I heard her climbing down the ladder, but when I turned away from the window, there she stood in the center of The Haven.
“I said get out, Lexi. I don’t want anything to do with you anymore.”
“I tried,” she said, looking entirely confused.
I pointed to the ladder. “Get. Out.”
This time I watched her go down. When her foot touched the ground I turned away. And there she was, in The Haven again.
What the hell was going on? This time I descended the ladder and ran straight to my bedroom, not at all surprised to see Lexi standing there when I opened the door even though I’d left her in The Haven. I reached into the bottom drawer of my dresser and yanked out Desiree’s summoning stone.
“What’s going on, girls?” Desiree asked with a look of mock innocence.
“Knock it off,” I said. “You’ve been spying on us. You know exactly what’s going on.”
“True.” Desiree flopped down on my bed and closed her eyes. “So what can I do for you?”
“I want this wish to be over,” I demanded.
“Then figure it out,” Desiree responded with absolute indifference.
“You don’t understand.” Hot tears stung my eyes. “She’s trying to steal my life.”
“Your life?” Lexi said with a derisive laugh. She lowered herself regally onto the chair in the corner and Brulée immediately jumped onto her lap. “Why would I ever want your life?”
“You stole Ethan.”
“Um, no,” Lexi said while scratching behind Brulée’s ears. “Last I knew he wasn’t yours to lose. He’s a free agent, and he chose Team Lexi.”
“You know how much I like him,” I said. “A friend would never do that to another friend. You’re taking over everything else in my world. Of all the people in the school, you become friends with my best friend. You pal around with my mother.” I flapped my hand in Brulée’s direction. “You even stole my cat.”
Lexi pulled Brulée closer to her and scratched the spot on his neck that made him purr. “Brooke would be your former best friend. And I can’t help it if everyone prefers me to you.”
I spun toward Desiree. “I want her gone. I’m done with this wish.” I dropped cross-legged to the floor. “I don’t give a damn if I never find out what’s hiding in my soul.”
“Can’t,” Desiree said simply.
I wanted to scream. “Don’t give me that. You started it, you can stop it. You’re just being difficult. Is there paperwork involved that you’d rather not do? Do you have to work some sort of spell that requires you to not be stoned?” I’d never felt anger like this before. My body practically buzzed with it. “Whatever you have to do to fix this, do it. I don’t want her in my life anymore!”
Desiree sat up and tried to focus on me. “I knew this would become one of those life-of-its-own wishes. I warned you. There’s nothing I can do, little sister. Just because hanging out with Lexi isn’t the trip you hoped for, doesn’t mean you can get off the ride.”
The wish had taken on a life of its own. Lexi had too. She wanted to be separate from me, to go off and do her own thing because I was too boring and couldn’t show her what it meant to be alive. And I told her she could go. Lexi was right. I made this happen.
“Keep trying to leave, Lexi,” Desiree said. “Walk out that door. See how many times you end up right back where you started.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” Lexi said. “I left before. I go to parties without her.  I go to Poms.”
“But you plan to come back.” Desiree sat up and scanned my room. “You got anything to eat in here?”
“No,” I said as she searched my room. “Let me get this straight. You’re—get out of my drawers. I told you, there’s no food in here.” I closed my eyes and let out a huge sigh of frustration. “You’re saying if she tries to leave with the intention of never coming back, she can’t?”
“Bingo,” Desiree said and touched her finger to her nose. “All roads lead to Mandy.”
“Then what am I supposed to do?” I asked. Pleaded really. “She’s ruining my life. I thought she was going to make things better. If I knew she was going to destroy everything, I never would’ve agreed to this.”
“Sometimes, going through a disaster shows you what’s really important.” Desiree’s eyes were suddenly wide and clear, her voice steady, serious, slightly sinister. “You have to see it through, Mandy Rose. You wished to be happy. Look inside. Deep, deep, deep. You know what you need to do. You just haven’t admitted it to yourself yet. I need something to eat.”
And she walked out of my room. When I opened the door a half-second later, she was gone.
Lexi and I glared across the room at each other, our mutually toxic feelings slowly filling the space.
“Stuck with me,” Lexi said with a smug smile. The gold in her eyes had gone flat though.
“That doesn’t mean I have to like you,” I said through clenched teeth. “And trust me, right now I can’t stand you.”
“Tough.” Lexi stood, Brulée still in her arms, and went into the hallway. “I’m pretty happy with how things are going for me. If I decide I’m staying, what are you going to do about it?”
And she left. With my cat.




 Chapter Twenty-Six 

Mandy


Lexi and I barely spoke the next day. I drove her to school because I’m nice that way, but I told her I was ready to leave before she’d gotten out of bed. So she didn’t get a shower, had to dress in the car, and her hair looked like crap that day. My hair, on the other hand, looked fabulous because I’d gotten up an hour early and spent extra time on it. Even did my makeup. Must’ve done it right too because a few guys gave me a who’s-the-new-girl look as I sauntered by in my white sundress, denim jacket, and cowgirl boots.
At lunch, Crissy sat across the table and stared at me while eating cookies and milk.
“What?” I asked.
“You look different.”
“I did my hair.”
“Yeah.” She kept analyzing as she dunked her cookie. “Something else too.”
“Is that all you’re going to eat?” I asked. “That’s not a very healthy lunch.”
Crissy nodded but not at my question. “Attitude. You’re on a mission. Or something. What’s going on?”
A mission? Perfect way to put it. “You haven’t heard the latest?”
“I try not to hear things around here.” More dunking.
“Lexi’s mystery date?” I said as the fire in my gut flared again. “Ethan.”
She actually choked on her cookie. “Your Ethan?”
I nodded.
“She hooked up with your Ethan?”
I cringed at the phrase. The thought of the two of them together was too much.
“I don’t know exactly what happened, but that’s not the point.” Well, it was a little of the point. If she’d slept with him, I’d go totally dark side on her ass. “The point is, she doesn’t feel even a little bit guilty and has every intention of going out with him again.”
“What’s your plan, Miss Mission?”
“Don’t know yet.” I glared lasers into the back of Lexi’s head across the cafeteria. She turned and the huge Poms smile on her face turned into an icy glare once she realized it was me she had sensed. “I’m not going to let her take him without a fight though.”
“Fire with fire, I say.” Crissy raised her milk carton in a toast. When she did, her sleeve slid away and exposed another bruise.
“What happened now?” I asked, trying to keep my voice even. But the number of bruises she’d been getting worried me.
“Nothing.” She said and pulled her sleeve back down.
I grabbed her wrist and pushed her sleeve up to reveal what looked like fresh finger marks on her lower right arm. She winced. Apparently the bruises were not only fresh but painful, too.
“You’ve got a matched set now,” I said and nodded at her left arm.
“It’s nothing, Mandy.” Her voice broke a little and she tucked her arm under the table. “Just leave it alone. Okay?”
Like the night I heard Brad ripping into Crissy, a memory from long ago slammed front and center in my brain. Papa had come home from work in a bad mood. A “kicking puppies” mood, he would’ve called it. Alexa and I were crouched around the corner at the top of the stairs to listen when we heard the yelling start.
“This place is a pig sty. Did you just yak on the phone all day while I was out busting my ass for a paycheck? Where’s dinner?”
We heard Mama’s voice but not her words.
“What do you mean an hour?” Papa yelled.
Then we heard two sounds. The first like someone clapped their hands one time really loud. The second was the front door slamming.
We crept down the stairs once we realized Papa had left and found Mama in the kitchen. She had a big red mark on her cheek and she was sniffling. No tears, just sniffles.
“What’s wrong, Mama?” Alexa asked, sniffling along with her. “Why was Papa yelling?”
Mama squared her shoulders and smiled at us. “Oh, girls, your papa just had a bad day at work. Did he scare you? I know it can be scary to hear someone yell. Sometimes Papa has a hard time with his emotions.”
“But what happened to your face?” I asked. “It’s all red.”
She shook her head. “It’s nothing, sweetheart. It’s okay.”
My vision was blurry as I came back to the present. How had I blocked this for so long? I remembered my father being strict and having very high expectations. He’d been the ruler in our house. Had he really hit my mother simply because dinner would be a little late?
No wonder she had never once said that she wished he’d come back. Not even right after he left us. And now, all these years later, she’ll stop everything and fight like a Rottweiler to help a woman or child who claimed to be abused.
“It’s not nothing,” I told Crissy. “Did Brad do that to you?” She wouldn’t respond. This wasn’t my fault was it? She’d told me to let things go Saturday night when I talked to Brad. How was I supposed to know this was why? “Talk to me, please. What else does he do to you?”
The bell rang then, signaling four minutes until next period, and Crissy sprang out of her chair.
“It’s fine.” But she dropped her backpack as she tried to fling it over her shoulder. She wouldn’t look at me as she said, “I tripped. He caught my arm to stop me from falling. Don’t worry about it.”
But I would worry about it. I’d thought the hickeys on her neck after that party were surprising, in a cute kind of way. But after talking to Brad Saturday night, hearing how controlling and intimidating he could be, it wasn’t cute at all.
Then again, when I’d pushed a little, he’d backed down. Maybe I’d overreacted. Crissy was tiny, barely a hundred pounds, it wouldn’t take much to put a bruise on her. Besides, she had no problem getting boyfriends. She’d never stay with a guy who hurt her. Why would she?
There could be one reason. She kept saying the thing she liked most about Brad was that he wanted to take care of her. He had a full-time job, so financially he could do that. In Crissy’s family, she was the caretaker. Her mom, sadly, seemed more worried about where her next drink was coming from than if her girls were okay. And her older sister was too flaky to be responsible. So the fact that Brad wanted to take care of her was a huge plus in Crissy’s eyes.
I watched her walk away, shoulders slumped, and vowed to not only pay more attention to her, but I’d talk to Mama about it too. I could already anticipate Mama’s reaction. She’d ask a million questions. She’d want to know exactly what he’d said on the phone to me and what Crissy had said when she talked to him. Not just the words but what her body language told me. Those two little spots on Mama’s cheeks would blaze red like they always did when she got angry, her Code Red warning lights.
The more I thought about what Brad might’ve been doing to her, the more I felt like the worst friend ever.



For whatever reason, Ethan hadn’t been in first period chemistry that day, but I saw him in the halls and across the lunchroom, so figured he’d be in history. Before class, I slipped into the bathroom to re-fluff my hair and touchup my lip gloss. Fire with fire, Crissy had said. An excellent attack plan. I’d steal all of Lexi’s fire. Or rather, I’d take it back. It came from me after all.
I waited around the corner from the classroom and timing it carefully, got to the door at the same moment Ethan did. With eyes focused on the stack of books in my arms, juggling them dramatically, I bumped into him.
“Sorry,” I mumbled and looked up apologetically. “Oh. Ethan. Hi.”
He blushed a little—feeling guilty for feeling up my roommate in my driveway?—but then flashed me that smile that melted my knees.
“Hey, Mandy.” He looked me up and down. “You look nice.” He twirled his fingers by his head. “Did you do something to your hair?”
I flipped back my carefully coifed locks. “Nothing special.”
“Class starts in ten seconds,” Mr. Cummings announced in our direction. “Nine… Eight…”
I hurried to my seat, where I crossed my legs and casually kicked my foot. Ethan looked back at me at least a dozen times. I’d gotten his attention. That’s what I’d wanted.
But how could I ignore the fact that he went out with Lexi? I should be crushed by him. Not crushing on him.
Then again, I didn’t know for sure what they’d done together. Lexi said they went out for pizza and talked. Considering her attitude toward me lately, she would’ve let me know loud and proud if they’d done more than that.
“Have a great night,” I told him breezily as we left history. “See ya tomorrow.”
Then I sauntered away before he got a chance to say anything. Leave them wanting more, as the saying goes.
The first two days of Mission Fire with Fire got positive results, so I kept the pressure on. In chemistry on Wednesday I played a coy geisha role. I watched him from across the room until he looked my way, held his gaze for a second, and then looked away as though embarrassed. The third time I did this he grinned at me like he was on to my game and liked it. Smart girls, those geishas.
At lunch I let myself be a slutty geisha. I popped open a button on my shirt and went to the table where he sat alone. The lovesick half of me wanted to sit and keep him company. The ticked-off-that-he-was-with-Lexi half overruled though and forced me to continue with the mission. I leaned down, as close as I could get without actually touching him. He smelled so good I almost forgot the lines I’d rehearsed over and over in my head.
“I swear my brain is non-existent today,” I said in a breathy voice. “My chemistry notes are a disaster.” Cue dramatic hair shake. “Could I borrow yours?”
He looked slowly from my cleavage up to my eyes, his cheeks flushed. “Um, sure.”
I stood up and gave another hair flip as he dug a notebook out of his backpack and handed it to me. Then I casually put my hand on his arm. “My hero. I’ll give these back to you in history.”
I could feel his eyes on me as I walked away. I could also feel Lexi taking in the whole scene from a few tables away. Bonus! But others saw too, which earned me a couple leering looks in the halls. And a few whispers. Mostly though, the talk floating through the halls was still about Lexi and Ethan. Usually everyone moved on to a new topic after a couple days. This one had staying power.
“She was all over that linebacker at Janna’s party that night,” some guy said on Wednesday in a let-me-have-a-chance-at-her way.
“She’s sort of a tramp,” a girl agreed. “I hear she’ll sleep with anyone.”
“Yeah, I didn’t think Ethan went for that type,” another girl said in a let-me-have-a-chance-at-him way.
So what was the truth? Neither Ethan nor Lexi were talking, and that only fueled the rumor mill. She tried to talk to me about it when she walked into the Nourishing Nosh meeting.
“I don’t get it,” she said.
“Get what?” I asked.
“You haven’t heard what they’re saying about me?” In other words, which rock did I live under that news of Lexi wasn’t thing one on my radar?
“Of course I have. It’s pretty much impossible to ignore people talking about the skank that’s living in my house.”
She followed me around the kitchen as I set copies of that day’s recipe around the large stainless-steel table the group would soon gather around. I hoped. After the incident with Brooke last week, one of the members had to drop out. She said her mom had freaked out and didn’t believe we were properly supervised.
Lexi kept talking about herself, oblivious to my skank comment. “I don’t get it. Half the squad won’t talk to me. What did I do?”
“What did you do?” Was she serious? I spun on her. “I explained this to you before. It’s not cool to go after the guy a friend likes. Everyone saw me and Ethan together at Janna’s party. They’ve seen us talking in school. He asked me out, you know. He wanted me to go to that last party with him.”
She did that little snort-laugh thing she’d adopted. It made her sound like a pig with a sinus problem. Very attractive.
“And you blew your chance by spending the night babysitting,” she said. “I don’t get it. Why am I the bad one? No one’s saying anything about Ethan.”
“Quit playing innocent. You know they’re talking about him. I’ve never seen him so quiet. He even ate lunch by himself today.”
“I noticed,” Lexi said and then indicated my shirt. “What’s the deal with the peep show? We could see your boobs hanging out from three tables away.”
I smiled. She was just jealous because I had boobs.
Jherie popped in and set boxes of food on the table then gestured that she needed to run to the bathroom.
“Why are you here, Lexi?” I sighed and unpacked the boxes.
“I’m here to cook. Isn’t that obvious?”
Members entered the kitchen then, so I took her by the arm and dragged her to a private corner.
“What’s obvious is that every time you show up to my club, disaster happens.”
“You make it sound like I’m purposely sabotaging you or something.”
And suddenly I didn’t want to be anywhere near her because I was sure that’s exactly what she was doing.
“Why don’t you leave, Lexi? Go be with your friends. Go for a walk. Go sit in the library. That’s that big room with lots of books.”
Lexi gave me an icy smile then shook her hair back and secured it with the scarf she’d been wearing around her neck.
“I’m a student here,” she said, challenging me, “and I’d like to participate in your little club. What are we making today?” She pulled an apron out of her bag and tied it around her waist, ready to cook.
The group’s vibe was different this week, and I blamed Lexi. As usual, they seemed happy to be there, eager to learn a new recipe. They weren’t as chatty with each other as they normally were though. And no one gave me a hug when they entered. No one shared success (or disaster) stories. And if that wasn’t bad enough, I had to admit that I didn’t have a very exciting meal planned for today.
“I have to apologize,” I started. “I’ve been a little distracted by things this week.”
To my surprise, the group nodded in support.
“I don’t have anything super exciting planned,” I continued.
Tears actually stung my eyes. Was learning a new recipe every week something our lives hinged on? No. But we had fun together. We laughed and shared stories with each other while we cooked and had become a tight group. 
“It’s okay, Mandy,” Geneva said. “You’ve got some stuff going on in your life right now.” She glared at Lexi. I swear, she even growled. “Whatever you’ve got for us will be great.”
The group murmured their agreement. Someone said, “Not every meal has to be gourmet.”
I nodded my thanks.
“I don’t know about you all,” I sniffed, “but I could use some comfort food right now. And to me the most comforting meal is breakfast. Since we haven’t made any breakfast food yet, I thought we’d try Whole Wheat Apple Walnut pancakes today. If you have a nut allergy, stay away from the walnuts!”
“That sounds good,” Hallie groaned. “I love walnuts. And apples. And breakfast.”
The group morale improved almost instantly. Guess my instinct was spot-on, nothing like warm pancakes with maple-cinnamon syrup to lift a person’s spirits.
They took out their supplies as Jherie distributed the ingredients and the normal chatter started. Our family was back together.
“First you’ll need to measure all your dry ingredients into one bowl,” I told them. “That’s the flour, brown sugar, salt, and baking powder. Then combine your wets in a separate bowl—milk, oil, vanilla, and egg. Always add the wet to the dry.”
People scribbled notes on their recipes and double-checked to make sure they had everything. That had been tip number one at our first meeting: Before starting, make sure you have everything you need. Line up all the ingredients in the order needed and then put each away as it’s used. If you got to the end and something was still sitting there, you probably forgot to add it.
“You’ll need to peel and shred your apples,” I explained and demonstrated how to use a box shredder. “Careful not to shred your fingertips or knuckles. Then the last step before we combine the milk mixture into the flour mixture is to toast the walnuts. Toasting helps to bring out the full flavor.” I went to the stove to demonstrate this step. “Use low heat because nuts burn quickly and shake the pan every thirty seconds or so. You’ll need to raise the heat to bake the pancakes.” I shook the frying pan gently. “You’ll know they’re good to go when you smell the wonderful aroma. Any questions?”
There weren’t any. There would be in a few minutes though, there always was. Everyone went about measuring, shredding, and toasting. Lexi was the first one at the stove to do her toasting and the first one back to bake her pancakes.
“You turned the heat up?” I asked her. She nodded, adjusting the flame under the pan. “Spray the pan with oil before you put the batter in it.”
She grabbed the can of cooking spray as I turned away to answer a question for Shelly.
“Lexi, watch out,” someone called.
I turned back to see a flame shooting from the spray oil can like a flame thrower.
“Let go of the trigger,” I told her.
“I’m not touching it.” She proved this by gripping the can in the middle, and the fire continued. “It’s stuck.”
“What happened?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” Lexi said. “All I did was spray the pan. What do I do?”
“Set it down at step away,” Jherie said as she rushed toward us. “It’ll burn out quickly. It’s the propellant in the can. You sprayed the pan while the burner was lit, and the flame from the burner ignited the propellant.”
But Lexi wasn’t listening. Instead of just letting it burn out, she set the can down on the griddle side of the stove, took off her apron, and waved it at the can in an attempt to fan out the flame. The motion basically scooped some of the flames toward her. She jumped back and dropped the apron on the still-lit burner.
Apparently Mrs. Mills hadn’t cleaned the griddle very well after lunch because the fire from the can and the apron ignited some grease still on the griddle. I understood how fast kitchen fires could happen, but honestly, if it hadn’t been so horrifying it would’ve been hysterical. Like one disaster after another on a television comedy.
As bad as this seemed, it really wasn’t. The fire was contained to the burner and griddle areas. Stoves are meant to withstand open flames after all. If Lexi would’ve left it alone the only real damage would’ve been to her apron. But she panicked.
“I’ll take care of it,” she said and dashed to the table. She grabbed the canister of baking powder and went back to the flames.
We all saw it coming.
“Not powder,” someone called out. “Soda. You need baking soda.”
But Lexi had already sprinkled the canister of baking powder over the flames. Then the powder ignited and she made the biggest mistake yet by grabbing someone’s glass of water.
“No! Never water on grease,” Jherie called too late.
The water made the grease splatter and spread the fire. The empty food packages and cardboard boxes Jherie had brought the food in were sitting on the counter near the stove. Some of the burning grease lit the first box on fire which spread to the rest.
And then the fire alarm blared.
“Everyone out!” Jherie yelled.
People scurried around—some screaming, a few swearing—to gather their belongings. Hallie stood as if frozen in the middle of it all, crying hysterically.
I grabbed my bag and Hallie’s arm and rushed out of the school to the sidewalk in front where anyone that had been in the school now assembled.
The fire department had everything under control quickly. The fire stayed contained to the kitchen, and since the room was primarily stainless steel and ceramic tile, nothing got permanently damaged. A film from the oily smoke covered the counters, cabinets, and walls though.
“I told ya I didn’t want them in my kitchen,” Mrs. Mills told Ms. Nolan.
“It was an accident,” Ms. Nolan told her. She’d still been in her office when the alarm went off. She’d called Mrs. Mills to come in. “You know that fires in a kitchen are commonplace. Everything is still in working order, but we will need to bring in a cleaning crew, and the insurance company will need to come investigate.”
“What am I supposed to do about lunch tomorrow?” Mrs. Mills asked. “I’m not gonna be able to cook.”
Ms. Nolan stood with her arms crossed, her gaze shifting back and forth from Mrs. Mills to Jherie and me as she thought.
“We’ll have a picnic,” she decided. “Call the food service. Tell them we need hot dogs, chips, fruit, and milk. And bread, ham, and cheese for sandwiches. I’ll send out an emergency alert phone call and email encouraging students to bring bagged lunches tomorrow and Friday.”
“And Friday?” Mrs. Mills groaned. Then she turned on me. “This is all your fault. If you didn’t go spoutin’ off about vegan this and organic that, everything would be fine.”
She stomped away before either Ms. Nolan or I could respond.
“I’m sorry,” I told my principal.
“It’s not your fault, Mandy. You know how much I love this group.” Then she got uncomfortably quiet, and my stomach clenched. “We’re going to have to reevaluate Nourishing Nosh however.”
I knew it. Everything had been going fine until Lexi came. She should’ve stayed away. I never should’ve asked her to come to the group. I should’ve let her hang out in the back of the classroom like she wanted that first time. But no, I had to insist she give it a try. I should’ve insisted she leave today. Told her she wasn’t welcome anymore.
“Mrs. Pulaski is raising a fuss too,” Ms. Nolan continued. “She is irate that Brooke was given something she has an allergy to. Even though Brooke is more than old enough to know what she should and shouldn’t—” She stopped and took a breath. “Maybe you can do a group discussion type thing instead. No actual cooking, just sharing recipes, techniques, and ideas.” She looked to Jherie. “Would you be interested in running that?”
Jherie? I wasn’t even going to be able to run my own club anymore?
I left then without being dismissed. Halfway to the Escape I saw Lexi, leaning against the passenger door. She looked at me then back to her phone. And somehow I knew, as I’d suspected earlier, she’d done this on purpose. My club was all but gone. She’d taken the last thing she could take from me.
“Why, Lexi?” I asked. My body felt like I’d forced it to do a triathlon and was now crashing from the exertion.
“Why what?” she asked, looking up from a text. Probably spreading the word about the fire.
I wanted to yell, accuse, physically assault her, but it took all my strength to simply unlock the car and get in. The last thing I could deal with right then was the argument that would follow an accusation. She purposely did what she did, and while I couldn’t prove it, I had no doubt.




 Chapter Twenty-Seven 

Mandy


Thursday, no surprise, the big buzz around school was about the Nourishing Nosh disaster. The other significantly quieter buzz was that the party this week would be at a band member’s house. I was going. I was determined to win Ethan back.
I sent Uncle Enzo a text during lunch to let him know I had plans if he and Aunt Anna Maria were hoping for a babysitter that weekend. He responded back that he hoped I had fun. He’d already asked Lexi.
“Unbelievable,” I said and slammed my phone down on the lunch table. Then picked it up again to inspect for damage.
“What’s wrong?” Crissy asked, spreading mustard over a giant pretzel.
“Lexi is babysitting Rocco on Saturday.”
“So? I thought you didn’t want to babysit.”
“She’s trying to steal my life,” I said. “She’s after Ethan. Brulée sleeps in her room every night. She’s trying to steal my family. And she sabotaged the club.”
“Whoa, back it up,” Crissy said. “Don’t you think you’re acting sorta, I don’t know, psycho? She is not trying to steal your life. I can’t comment on the club.”
“You don’t understand,” I said, still boiling.
“If you explained it to me, maybe I would.” Crissy popped a pretzel chunk into her mouth.
I looked at my watch. There were only a couple minutes left of lunch period. “That would take more than five minutes. Another time.”
Maybe I was overreacting. But after the way Enzo and Anna Maria practically hoisted her on their shoulders at dinner that night and Rocco had a meltdown when she left, I didn’t think so.
Friday after school Mission Fire with Fire went into final countdown mode. I sent Lexi a text: Got stuff to do. Find your own way home.
Or don’t come home at all. I’d be good with that too.
“Stuff” meant shopping. I needed something to wear to the party. Something different from my standard, simple, safe choices. Something that showed I had another side and could be a party girl too if I wanted. Nothing in my closet would work, and if I borrowed something from Lexi I’d end up looking like a wannabe. I didn’t want Ethan to have any reason to think about her.
Our little town had a few places to shop, but I didn’t want to waste time so headed to the mall a half-hour away. It was the right choice. The perfect dress hung on the first rack in the first store I went to. I found accessories and shoes right away too, and while I could’ve gone home then, I wasn’t ready to yet. Instead, I went to the bookstore and bought a new cookbook, then sat in the food court to read and people-watch. For dinner I was about to get a nice healthy salad but decided to go crazy and got a bacon cheeseburger, fries (real ones, not sweet potato), and a strawberry malt. They were delicious.
When I got home, I found Mama waiting for me in the kitchen, a mug of tea and paperwork on the table in front of her. She had on her fluffy pink robe and matching slippers. Her face was scrubbed clean, her hair twisted up and clipped. I didn’t get to see her without her game face on very often. She had heavy circles under her eyes I never noticed since they were usually covered with makeup. Mama had always been pretty with her long, glossy hair and intense brown eyes. She still was, but now she looked tired too. When had that happened?
“Where were you?” she asked, irritation heavy in her voice. She pointed at the chair across from her, the interrogation spot.
“I told Lexi and I sent you a text,” I said while sitting. “Didn’t you get it? I went shopping.”
“I got the text,” she said and gathered the papers into a neat stack and tucked them into a folder. “I figured you’d only be gone a short while. I called you. Didn’t you get the message?”
I pulled my phone out of my purse and saw the voicemail icon. “Sorry. I never heard it ring. It was loud in the food court. Was it something important?”
“Guess that depends on what’s important to you,” she said. “You missed Lexi’s performance.”
On the contrary, I’d witnessed every one of Lexi’s performances that week.
“Oh, you mean her Poms debut at the game.” I probably should’ve felt bad about that. But I didn’t. “I forgot all about it.”
I expected a lecture about being responsible and following through with my commitments.
“What’s going on?” Mama asked instead. “I’ve noticed a lot of tension between the two of you these last few days.”
She did? When had she been around us long enough to notice that?
I didn’t know what to say. She’d laugh at me if I told her my conspiracy theory about Lexi trying to steal my life.
“Look,” Mama said, “I promised her mother she could stay here for as long as necessary. I can’t kick her out. You need to deal with each other until her mother is back. Okay?”
“Not like I have a choice, do I?” If she only knew.
“Oh come on. You’ve got to admit that it’s been fun having her here.”
Sure, until she changed and became everything I can’t stand. I picked up Mama’s mug of tea and took a sip. It was cold. And too strong. She always let her tea steep too long. I looked up to find her staring at me with her analytical eyes.
“Is something else wrong? I know I’m busy a lot, but if you ever want to talk…”
Just schedule an appointment, right? Okay, that was bratty. There actually was one thing I wanted to ask her about.
“It’s Crissy.”
“Crissy Sheets?” Mama asked sitting up straighter. “What’s wrong? Is she okay?”
“I’m not sure. I think there’s something going on with her boyfriend.” Mama stiffened, preparing for battle, so I told her what I knew. And like I figured she would, she had a list of questions.
“It sounds like you may be right about your suspicions,” she said. “You’ve told her that you’re worried. Encourage her to break things off with him.” She paused and analyzed another thought. “How old is he?”
“I’m not positive.” I thought about the things Crissy had said about him over the last six months. “He graduated two or three years ago.”
“He’s over eighteen then,” she said and I nodded. “Crissy is only seventeen. Legally, she’s not old enough to consent to having sex. If he is abusing her and won’t back off, a threat of statutory rape could scare him away.”
That would probably work. A charge like that could put him in prison. I’d overheard Mama on the phone with clients many times, so this hard-ass version of her wasn’t a surprise. In fact, her Rottweiler persona gave me courage. If Mama could be tough with abusers and molesters, I could certainly be tough with people like Mrs. Mills. Or Lexi.
“If Crissy is too scared to leave him or afraid he’ll hurt her if she tries,” Mama said, “she should talk to an authority.”
“She can call you, right?”
Mama smiled softly. “Of course she can.” She patted my hand. “You’re a good friend for saying something. It takes courage to put yourself in the middle that way. Remember, it’s really hard to break away from those kinds of relationships. Perhaps if she knows she’ll have you there beside her, it’ll give her strength.”
I’d be there. Crissy was one tough chick, but even Batman needed Robin sometimes.
“How was Lexi’s performance?” I asked more out of a sense of duty than that I cared.
“Okay.” This said with the lukewarm enthusiasm of a mom trying hard to be supportive.
Not at all what I expected. I figured she’d be all giddy and say Lexi stole the show.
“She tried really hard,” Mama said, “but she stumbled a few times. It was obvious she was nervous. She just needs more practice on the routines.”
Lexi nervous?
“It’s late,” Mama said. “We should go to bed.”
“Yeah. Thanks for listening.”
She looked me square in the eyes, the years of both personal and professional stress there in the soft wrinkles etched on her face. “I’m always here for you, Mandy. Even if it doesn’t seem like it.”
We shared a slightly awkward hug—it had been a while since we’d given each other one—and then she went off to her bedroom while I crept slowly up the stairs.
I didn’t want Lexi to hear me. I just wanted to crawl into bed with no confrontations. Maybe I’d read my new cookbook for a while. She was still awake though. I overheard her talking to someone, which wasn’t hard since she was using her loud Brooke-voice. The fact that I was standing outside her door helped too.
“I’m not going… First because half the team is treating me like a slut… I know, but they weren’t officially dating.” She laughed then. “I have to babysit remember… Yeah, he’s coming over.”
She had to mean Ethan. No way. Not going to happen. I listened a little longer, hoping she’d say who “he” was, but she hung up after another minute or so and turned out her light.
Much later, after I was sure Lexi was asleep, I sneaked into her room. Brulée hissed at me. Since when did my cat hiss at me? And since when am I not allowed to go into any room I wanted to in my own house?
“Zip it,” I whispered at him, “I buy your kibble, you know.”
He glanced at me in that bored cat way, and I imagined him thinking in his Snooty McSnoot voice, And I could pee on your shoes when you’re not looking.
“I can lock your cat door when you’re outside in the rain.”
Truce, Mr. McSnoot thought and lay back down. He hated wet paws.
I snatched Lexi’s phone and took it to my room. I thought about reading her texts to see what I could learn. But reading too many texts from the Poms would’ve lowered my I.Q. I couldn’t stop myself from looking at a few to and from Ethan though.
The majority were from her to him. Honestly, it was a little embarrassing. She sounded all gushy and desperate, going on about how much she enjoyed talking to him and what a great listener he was and how she’d really like to get together with him again. He responded back with things like “Me too” and “Thanks” and “That would be fun. We can see each other at the party on Saturday.” Nothing incriminating though, so I still didn’t know how much had happened between them.
I hit reply on the last text that said she’d call him when Rocco was in bed to let him know he could come over.
Me as Lexi: Plans changed.
It was late so it took a few minutes for him to respond.
Ethan: What’s up?
Me as Lexi: I don’t have to babysit. Want to go to the party instead?
Ethan: Cool. Going back to sleep now.
Mission accomplished. I deleted the texts, put the phone back in her room, and crawled into bed. And even though I could hardly wait for tomorrow, I slept really well.




 Chapter Twenty-Eight 

Desiree


Craig had packed his bag. A lifetime of possessions filled his bedroom and he was leaving home with only one medium-sized satchel. I’d shoved my packed suitcase out my bedroom window to Glenn the night before so my parents wouldn’t see me walking out with it. Not that they would’ve noticed anyway.
“The Army will give me everything else I need,” Craig said and ran a hand repeatedly through his hair. His back was turned to me as he adjusted the contents of his duffle for the fourth time.
“Are you going to look at me?” I asked. “You keep talking and talking, but you won’t look at me.”
In fact, he’d been talking non-stop for twenty minutes and hadn’t really said anything. He spun toward me fast but not fast enough for me to miss the tears streaming down his face, and wrapped me in a hug.
“Oh God,” he said, his voice barely a whisper. “What if I made the wrong choice?”
My throat clenched and I couldn’t answer. When words finally came, the pause had been long enough that he didn’t believe them.
“You’ll be fine,” I said with a forced, lighthearted laugh. “You’ll have a groovy office job, right? No one bothers anyone sitting at a desk.”
He pulled away then and looked me in the eye. That was all it took for my tears to burst free. I hoped I could pass them off as a sort of comfort; his sister loved him enough to cry with him. Instead my tears made his fear worse. He started to shake and I wanted to tell him, again, that he’d be fine. I wanted to tell him how much I was going to miss his face and his pestering. I wanted to reassure him that three years would be over in a blink and by then he’d know exactly what he wanted to do with his life so ultimately this was a smart move on his part.
But Dad came in the room then, eyes focused on the floor, every muscle in his body tensed.
“Time to go,” Dad said in as gruff a tone as I’d ever heard.
I pulled Craig into another hug and would have held on forever if Dad hadn’t said, “Listen, I’ve got things to do today. You know, responsibilities? So if you want a ride, get in the car.”
Pulling out of that hug was like torture, it physically hurt. Craig grabbed his satchel from his bed and mumbled something about writing as soon as he could and that I better write him back. He was out the door before I could promise that I would.
I’d been sobbing on his bed for twenty minutes when the phone rang. I wiped my eyes on my sleeve as I went to the kitchen to answer it.
“Is he gone?” Glenn asked.
“Yes,” I said through a tight throat.
“Are you okay, babe?”
“Yes…no…not yet.”
“Are you ready?” His voice was soft, not at all pushy. If I’d said I needed another three hours or even another three days, he would’ve said okay.
“Yes,” I said again, my voice a little stronger this time.
“I’ve already got Stan and Marsha in the car,” Glenn said. “We’ll be there in a few minutes.”
As I sat on the front steps waiting for them, I realized I never said goodbye to Craig. I told myself it was okay and that guaranteed we’d see each other again because we left things open. I never said goodbye to anyone that day. I just got in Glenn’s car and drove away.




 Chapter Twenty-Nine 

Mandy


“I can’t believe you’re missing Saturday dinner,” Mama said like I was about to commit a crime against humanity. She got over it pretty quickly. “Well, Lexi’s coming.” She strung her arm through Lexi’s and they locked elbows. “It’ll be fun to have you there. Enzo and Anna Maria are excited and Rocco adores you.”
Regular ol’ member o’ the family, ain’t she? Didn’t look like I’d be missed at all.
At five-thirty Mama and Lexi piled into Mama’s car, Lexi driving of course, and headed to Enzo’s. I went immediately upstairs and worked on my hair and makeup until they were pure perfection.
Finding the party house proved a little tricky. It was in another of the valleys I’d never been to. The neighborhood streets twisted and turned until I had no idea which direction I was going. I finally found it at the end of a cul-de-sac, nestled against the foot of a bluff. The yard was pretty big and there were dozens of cars parked all over it. I could hear the bass from the music playing in the house from inside the Escape. There had to be seventy-five kids already and even though the party had barely begun, the house was trashed.
“He doesn’t care,” Brooke told me when I commented on it. “Josh is epically mad at his parents right now because they told him he can’t go to Florida with the baseball team this summer.” She held an empty cup out to me. “Fill it with what you want. There’s a bunch of DD stuff in the kitchen.”
I wouldn’t let my house get trashed, but it wasn’t hard to imagine being that mad at Mama. When she dissolved into her work for days on end and then yelled at me for not getting the housework done, even though I had tons of homework? Or when she didn’t hesitate to take Lexi for a driving lesson but handed over everything regarding my world to Uncle Enzo to deal with? Only once in twelve years had she talked to me about what had happened to Alexa. It was almost like because I was only four at the time, I was too little for her death to crush my world. Or maybe she thought I didn’t remember her. Of course I remembered her. The day she died was forever imprinted on my brain.
I couldn’t even guess at how many nights I’d heard Mama on the phone with a client—sometimes the same client night after night if they were “going through a rough patch”—talking about their crappy family life. But, except for last night, she was always too busy to talk with me.
I did my very best, tried so, so hard to never give her reason to not love me. Would she even care if I’d been the one who had died instead of Alexa?
“Where’s the beer?” I asked, taking the red plastic cup from Brooke.
“Dang!” Brooke said in an impressed way. “I shoulda dragged you out a long time ago. I knew you had a party girl in there somewhere.” She gave me a hip bump. “Keg’s on the deck. And you look totally hot, by the way.”
I did look hot. The dress I’d found last night was a baby-pink lace mini. The top fit tight with a scoop neck in front, a low v-cut in back, and little cap sleeves. It’s like it was meant to be mine because not only was it the only one like it on the rack, it fit perfectly—not too short, not too long, not too tight…just right. A black belt with a crystal-studded bow-shaped buckle, crystal-studded hoop earrings, and black wedge booties finished off the look. If the stares from the guys were any indication, the outfit worked in a big way. They even knew my name, which was kinda cool. As were the offers to dance. But I was only there for Ethan.
“Too bad Lexi couldn’t come,” Brooke said, teetering her way toward me with a bowl of munchies in one hand and a too-full beer sloshing in the other.
“Missing your new bestie?” I asked.
“She’s a lot of fun,” Brooke said, missing the acid in my voice. She set her beer on the floor and shoved a handful of Chex Mix in her mouth and held the bowl out to me.
“She’s a bitch,” I said, picking out a few pretzels and little toast pieces. “And you! You know what she’s been doing and you’re still on her side.”
“Are we talking about Ethan?”
I stared mutely at her over my beer cup.
“Look,” Brooke said, bending to retrieve her cup and spilling mix in the process, “it’s public knowledge that you and Ethan were all over each other at that party. But when you didn’t call him he figured you weren’t interested.”
I almost choked on a pretzel. “Back up. What about calling him? He never gave me his number.”
“He gave it to Lexi,” Brooke said, swaying a little. Or maybe I was the one swaying. “When he brought her home last weekend. Which was totally nice of him. He asked if you were around but she said you were already sleeping. So he gave her his number and said you should call him.” She said this like she was trying to pry loose a memory stuck in my brain.
Ethan gave Lexi his number? 
“Lexi told you this?” I asked. When Brooke nodded I was suddenly happier than ever that I’d sent those texts to Ethan last night. 
“Oh, wow,” Brooke said, finally understanding that I never got his number. She backed away. “That’s really rotten. But who knows, maybe things won’t work between them and you’ll get another chance.” She jutted her chin toward the Poms. “I gotta go see…” And she left without finishing her thought.
I stood there fuming mad and shoveling handful after handful of mix into my mouth. Where was Ethan? Was he even coming? What if Lexi’d called him with some detail about coming to Enzo’s and my whole plan was blown?
When he finally walked in about twenty minutes later, my knees practically buckled with relief. I downed my beer, tossed the cup, and popped a mint into my mouth. He sat on the stairs near the front door looking more like he was at a funeral than a party.
“Hi, Ethan,” I said and stood in front of him.
“Mandy,” he said and his eyes went wide. “Wow. You look…”
“Thanks.” My pits went damp and out of nowhere I was super nervous. “How are you?”
“Good,” he said with too many head nods. “You?”
“I’m good.” God, we were back to lame hey-haven’t-seen-you-in-forever conversations. If I didn’t get it together, he was going to take off and find his friends. “Are you waiting for someone?”
“Lexi. Is she here?” Blunt. No hesitation.
“No,” I said, feigning surprise that he didn’t know this. “She’s babysitting.”
He scowled. “But she texted me last night that she didn’t have to babysit anymore. She said she wanted to come here instead.”
I shrugged and the look on his face, like he’d just been dumped, made me feel awful. No wonder Lexi was so good at being conniving; I sucked at it.
“I was wondering,” I said and sat next to him, “you asked me out a couple weeks ago.”
“Yeah.” He did that stretching thing guys do when they’re uncomfortable with the current topic.
“You aren’t mad about that, are you? That I couldn’t go, I mean.”
“Mad? Why would you think that? You had other plans. It happens.” But his tone said, Something better than me came up.
“It’s just that all of a sudden you’re going out with Lexi, so I assumed—”
“Why does everyone think we’re going out?” He sighed hard. “I gave her a couple of rides.”
“I know,” I said. “Well, now I know. I was in the loft in the barn when you dropped her off. Your car looked familiar, but it was in the shadows and I couldn’t tell for sure that it was yours.”
“You were awake?”
“I’m always awake,” I told him. “I don’t sleep much and usually hang out in The Haven. That’s what I call the barn’s loft…long story. Anyway, I hang out there so I won’t bother Mama.”
“Lexi gave you my number, right?” He moved an inch closer to me. “She said she couldn’t remember your number and her phone was dead so couldn’t look it up. I asked her to give it to you.”
I shook my head. “She never did.”
His jaw clenched and his gaze dropped to his clasped hands. “She asked me for a ride home and I said yes because I thought I might get to see you for a couple minutes.” He stared at me with those gorgeous brown eyes. “I wanted to see you. Lexi’s nice and all but,” he gave a crooked, mischievous grin that made me want to kiss him right there, “you’re the one I want to be with.”
“Really?” I gushed and then reigned in the sappiness right away. “Then why did you go out with her again?”
“Okay, last time for the record,” he said, one hand on his heart, the other in the air, “we just talked.”
“But you still went out with her.” I felt a stab in my heart despite what he’d confessed. “And it looks like you were planning to get together with her tonight too.”
He reached over, put a finger under my chin, and turned my face to his.
“I did and I’m sorry. She asked me out that night and I said yes. But it wasn’t really a date. We talked and ate pizza. I mostly asked her about you. I think she was getting a little angry about it. As for tonight,” he shrugged, “I thought you changed your mind about me. I wouldn’t have said yes if I’d known the truth.”
I smiled. Mission Fire with Fire was a complete success. As much as I hated playing dumb, it was good I found out about the phone number thing from Brooke. If Ethan would’ve told me first I would’ve been so mad I wouldn’t have heard anything else he said.
He stood and took my hand and led me to food and beer. He chugged a beer and someone handed me a vodka shot. Didn’t like that any more than beer. And then we danced. Fun, rocking stuff first. This time when the Poms did their routine, I joined in. My eyes locked with Ethan’s. He looked at me like I was the only one in the room. It was totally hot.
“Not bad, Mandy,” Brooke said. “I forgot that you knew a little about dancing. You should try out for Poms next time we have an opening.”
Which could be any day now if I figured out this stupid wish. And even if I didn’t, the ability was in me, that’s why Lexi could dance. So, if I could learn to trust myself, I could take the spot from her.
A slow song came on then and before I knew it, Ethan’s arms were around me. I was feeling really good and super confident, so I wrapped mine around him and pressed against him close enough that I felt his phone buzzing in his pocket.
“Are you going to get that?” I asked.
“Get what?”
“Never mind.”
Our faces were inches apart and before I could think about it twice, or he decided to answer his again buzzing phone, I kissed him. Soft at first. Just a brush of my lips over his. But then the kisses grew deeper, longer, and more intense. I felt his hands sliding over the skin exposed by the low-cut back of my dress. His skin on mine was intoxicating and sent shivers up and down my body.
I took his hand then and led him through the large family room.
“Where are we going?” he asked, his voice gruff.
“Someplace we can be alone.” I paused and waited for his reaction. I didn’t want to come across as a slut, but we were with people at the parties. We were surrounded at school. I wanted to be with just him for a little while.
We found an open bedroom and we went inside. We started talking about stupid stuff—the song he’d been working on, the future of Nourishing Nosh.
“That’s too bad,” he said absently. He was staring at my mouth. “I hope it all works out.”
The next thing I knew we were lying on the bed, kissing. His hands were in my hair, then brushing across my face, over my shoulder, and down my arm.
At some point my shoes and belt came off and his shirt got unbuttoned, although I couldn’t say which one of us had done any of it. I kissed him, not entirely sure what I was doing or where we were headed. I slid my hands over the smooth skin of his chest. His heart beat hard enough for me to feel and I wondered if he was as nervous as I was. His hand paused lightly on my breast and then slid around back to work the zipper of my dress.
That’s when someone pounded three times on the door. Whoever it was didn’t wait for a response either. We both sprang upright on the bed, breathing hard, as the door flew open and slammed against the wall.
Lexi stood there, hands on her hips, looking like she was ready to strangle me. She was still dressed in the jeans she’d had on when she left with Mama. But instead of the pretty flowing tank top she had been wearing, she now had on a t-shirt that I recognized as one of Enzo’s. My guess was that peas or something equally lovely currently covered the tank top. Her hair was a complete mess and her mascara had smudged beneath her left eye.
“I wondered why you weren’t answering my texts,” she hissed at Ethan. “I thought we were getting together tonight. I’ve been waiting at the house for you.”
“I’ve been waiting here,” Ethan said, pulling his shirt closed but not bothering to button it. “You texted me that you wanted to come to the party instead.”
“I texted—” She turned her glare on me mid-sentence as she figured it out. “Touché.”
I smiled and fluffed my hair.
“What are you doing here with her?” Lexi asked.
“With her is where I want to be,” he said and took my hand. “You know that. Why didn’t you give her my phone number like I asked you to?”
Glad to see Ethan wasn’t a guy that would let himself get pushed around.
Lexi paled and had no response. At least she didn’t have one for him. She had plenty to say to me though. Or rather, about me. And she said it loud and proud.




 Chapter Thirty 

Mandy


“Alexa,” Lexi said with all the venom and whip-like precision of a cobra.
“What?” My mouth had gone dry. I honestly wasn’t sure I’d heard her right. I mean she wouldn’t…would she?
She took out her phone, furiously punched at the keys, then locked those cold gold eyes on me as she dramatically hit what I assumed was the send button. A second later Ethan’s phone buzzed.
“Now everyone knows,” she said.
“Knows what?” I asked again, hysteria swelling in me. “What did you do?”
I jumped off the bed and lunged at her. She swung a hand in order to block me and connected with my face hard enough to knock me to the floor.
Ethan was at my side in a heartbeat, his arm around me. “What the hell, Lexi! What’d you do that for?”
“Just protecting myself. Before she kills me too.” Her peaceful demeanor chilled me to my core. “I can’t let that happen. She’ll go away before I will.”
Ethan laughed uncomfortably. “That sounds an awful lot like a threat. What’s going on?”
Lexi crossed her arms and nodded his direction. “Check your phone.”
He looked down at me first and gently brushed his fingertips across my cheek where she’d hit me. “Are you okay?”
I nodded. Physically, I’d be fine. But I knew what she’d done. She was desperate, so fired the one real bullet in her gun that could destroy me.
Ethan took out his phone. I couldn’t watch. I didn’t want to see his reaction. Hearing the confused and horrified “What?” when he read it was torture enough.
My head flooded with memories of the day I would never forget. It had been the last day I’d felt truly happy. The last morning, really. By that afternoon, life had changed and would never, ever be the same again.
I was four, a few weeks from my fifth birthday. My big sister Alexa, the girl I adored and hated simply because she was my sister, was eight. It was a nice sunny late-March day and Mama and Papa were painting the dining room. Alexa and I had been fighting with each other all day. Stupid sister stuff. I wanted to dance. She said no and put on a movie. I wanted to play restaurant. She wanted to paint. Flowers. Whenever we painted, she painted flowers.
It was our last day together and we spent it fighting. If we’d have known, would we have been better? She might’ve because she was good that way, Papa’s Little Angel. I was naughty, Papa’s Grouchy Girl.
“That’s it,” Papa said, slamming down his paintbrush. His ears were red, which meant he was mad. “You two are making us crazy today. Go play outside.”
“I don’t wanna play outside,” I whined.
“It’s a beautiful sunny day,” Mama said in her more soothing voice. “Put on a jacket and go to the playground. Your boots too. It’s very wet outside.”
“But I don’t wanna—”
“Get outside,” Papa said in that voice that I never dared question, low and even and very, very serious.
“We’ll go, Papa,” Alexa said, appeasing as always. “I’ll take her to the playground. I’ll push her on the swings.”
“That’s my Little Angel,” Papa said, instantly calmer. “Such a good girl. And you, Grouchy Girl,” he said and rapped a knuckle, not exactly hard but not soft either, on my head. “You listen to your sister. Alexa is in charge.”
So we pulled on our boots and tugged on our jackets and stepped out onto the front porch.
“Wait,” I said, turning back, “I forgot him.”
“Amanda,” Alexa moaned. “You don’t need to bring that silly duck.”
“I do too,” I insisted. “Quackers wants to see the river.”
“No!” Mama said and rushed over to us. She looked back and forth between our eyes. “You girls stay away from that river. I mean it. The ice has been melting like crazy this week. It’s not safe. Do you hear me?”
We both nodded.
But Quackers didn’t.
Alexa spun me on the merry-go-round and caught me at the bottom of the slide so I wouldn’t fall on my butt and pushed me on the swings. She even let me jump in some puddles. Quackers liked that. Then, while I was seeing how long I could hang on the monkey bars, she tickled my armpits and made me fall.
“That was my bestest ever,” I yelled at her. “You ruined it.”
“Don’t be such a baby,” Alexa said. “Try again.”
“I don’t wanna. You’ll just ruin it again.”
A cloud passed over the sun then and the wind blew. It got cold and I wanted to go home.
But when Alexa said, “We better go,” I crossed my arms tight and said, “No, I didn’t get to see the river yet.”
She shook her head. “Mama said we hafta stay away.”
“I’m not going to go on it,” I told her like she was the biggest dumb-dumb ever. “I just wanna see it.”
“Okay,” she said after a few seconds, “but you have to hold my hand.”
So, holding hands, we walked down near the river and stopped about five feet from the edge.
“Closer,” I said.
“No closer,” Alexa said.
As we stood there looking out at the river, the sun came out again and sparkled in the little puddles of melted snow sitting on top of the ice. I closed my eyes and turned my face up to the sun, letting its warm rays soak into me. With my eyes still closed, I sniffed the warming-up air and listened. I heard wings flapping and geese honking. When I opened my eyes, I saw that a flock of geese had landed on the river.
Alexa was still holding my hand and smiling at the geese slipping and sliding on the slick ice. I looked from her smile down at Quackers and the next thing I knew, Quackers was out on the ice with the geese.
“What did you do that for?” Alexa asked me and jerked on my arm.
“He wanted to play,” I said.
“Well how are you going to get him back?” Alexa asked, like she was so smart and I was so dumb.
“I’ll go get him.” I ripped my hand out of hers and took a few steps toward the river.
“No, you don’t,” Alexa said and grabbed me by the hood on my jacket, practically making me fall down. “You can’t go out there. Mama said.”
That’s when I panicked. How would I get Quackers back? He was my best friend. I couldn’t live without Quackers.
“Get him!” I screamed at Alexa.
“I can’t.”
“Get him! Get him! Get him!” I screamed over and over. I stomped my rain-booted feet and cried harder than I’d ever cried in my life. “GET HIM!”
“Okay, okay,” Alexa said. “But you have to calm down first.”
She knelt in front of me and put her hands on my shoulders. Then she looked me right in the eye and stared without blinking. Alexa could go forever without blinking. Every time she did that, I stopped whatever I was doing and stared back, waiting and watching for her amber eyes to blink before mine did. She always won.
“Are you okay now?”
I wiped my nose on my jacket sleeve and nodded. In a smaller voice I begged, “Get him. Please, Lexa.”
My big sister always made things better.
Alexa looked out at Quackers, resting on the ice. He was only a little way out there, I couldn’t throw very far. She took a deep breath and then let it out slowly.
“Okay,” she said and gave me a big hug. “Don’t worry. He’ll be okay.”
She slid her feet slowly across the ice so she wouldn’t slip and fall like the geese. It seemed like it took her forever to get to him. I begged her to hurry; Quackers had to be so scared. She patted her hands toward the ground, telling me to settle down. Things would be fine. Finally she made it to Quackers’ side.
“Give him to me!” I screamed and held my arms out to him.
She squatted down, picked him up, and tossed him. He landed right in my arms and I hugged him and hugged him.
Then I heard the noise.
It was a moan that sounded like it was coming from Alexa’s feet. I thought it was funny that her feet were making that sound. So I laughed.
Until the moaning turned into a cracking sound. And the cracking turned into the sound of Alexa screaming, “Amanda!”
And then the river opened its mouth and ate my sister.




 Chapter Thirty-One 

Mandy


Ethan looked at me like I might self-combust. I was still on the floor, in the same near-fetal position I’d landed in when Lexi hit me. “Mandy?”
The party downstairs had gotten very quiet. Whatever that text said was making the rounds at lightning pace.
“What did you tell them?” I asked Lexi.
She stood over me, her face blank. “Ask your boyfriend.” Then she spun and walked away.
Ethan looked completely confused, shocked by whatever he’d read in that text. He held up his phone. “Do you want to read it?”
No, but I nodded anyway and he handed me his phone.
Twelve years ago Mandy Matteo killed her sister.
I could hear the thoughts coming up through the floor.
I didn’t know she had a sister.
Never would’ve guessed. She seems so good.
Goodness can be a mask, you know.
I’m not surprised. She’s a total loner.
“I need to go,” I told Ethan. I crawled over to my shoes, shoved them onto my feet, and cinched my belt back around my waist.
“I’ll go with you,” he said.
“No,” I shook my head and felt like I was going to puke. “You don’t have to.”
“Look,” he said and took a breath, “I don’t know what this is all about, but I’m walking you to your car. Don’t even think about saying no.”
The set of his jaw told me he was serious, so I stepped into the bathroom to check my face and fix my hair. I tried to hold my head high but couldn’t quite manage it.
Any hope of getting out quickly and unnoticed evaporated as soon as we got to the top of the stairs. Twenty or thirty people were gathered at the bottom, a paparazzi pack waiting for a drunken celeb to come out of a night club.
A few laughed. A few gawked. A few looked from their phones to their friends, whispered something (probably, “That’s her, right? That’s Mandy Matteo?”), and then back at me again. Then there was the click of cameras as my picture was taken and surely posted somewhere a second later. Props to Lexi. She got to cross another item off the Teenage Experience list: humiliate someone via social media.
Someone shouted, “Is it true?”
It was true. I’d killed my sister. I’d been a horrible, rotten, awful little girl and my last deliberate act of naughtiness had resulted in my sister’s death.
No, that’s not true. My last deliberate act of naughtiness was tonight. I chose to be someone I’m not and this time I killed a part of myself, the persona I’d been wearing like a cloaking device for the last decade. I stood there, raw and virtually naked, the real me, waiting to get torn apart.
“Leave her alone,” Ethan said, shielding me from the clicking cameras.
“If she doesn’t tell us we’re gonna assume it’s true,” some girl called out.
“Why?” Ethan asked. “Because Lexi sent a text?” He put his arm around me then and we started down the staircase. “Wasn’t she the one you’ve all been calling a slut all week? Why do you all suddenly believe her? Because the other stuff got boring and this is a juicy new gossip-worthy piece of crap?”
“Ethan,” I started.
“Then tell us, Mandy.” A guy’s voice called. “Is it the truth or not?”
“She’s a little upset right now,” Ethan said with sarcastic revulsion. “Back off. And keep your damn mouths shut until you do know the truth. And take down whatever pictures and lies you all just posted to obliterate someone you barely know.”
He rushed me through the crowd like a bodyguard, straight out to my car. Even unlocked my door and shoved me inside before the vultures got close enough to start picking at my carcass.
I looked up at him, the tears in my eyes made him blurry. “Thank you.”
He crouched next to me so we were face-to-face. “I don’t know what’s going on, but I don’t believe you killed your sister. I’d like it if you explained it to me sometime though.”
“Okay,” I said and nodded because that’s all I could manage.
“One more thing,” he said. “I’m a little confused about what you were doing this week. The clothes and the flirty little games I mean. Don’t get me wrong, it was a lot of fun. But if you were doing this to impress me, you wasted your time.” I looked away, but with a gentle finger on my chin, he turned my face back to his. “I’m already impressed. More than you know. I was a long time ago.”
I smiled weakly, not quite ready to believe everything was really okay.
“We got interrupted tonight,” he said playfully, blushing a little. “I hope we get a chance to try it again sometime. I kind of like kissing you.”
Hopefully he’d still feel the same way in the morning, once everything sank in.
“We should go out next Friday,” he persisted even though I hadn’t offered a single word of encouragement. “No parties. Just you and me. You don’t have to answer now. I’ll look forward to hearing your yes in a few days.” He took my hand and sat there quietly for a minute. “Are you okay to drive?”
“I’m fine,” I said. “I only had a beer and a shot.”
“I know you’re sober. Are you okay?”
My throat clenched and tears threatened, but I nodded anyway. “I will be.”
He leaned in and gave me the softest possible kiss, closed my door, and walked away. I watched him leave and sat there wondering if the last hour had been a dream or reality. I tried to put the key in the ignition, but my hands shook too hard and I ended up dropping them. Then a voice from the backseat said, “I should drive.”
I jumped, looked up, and saw Lexi staring back at me in the rearview mirror. Her eyes were red; she’d been crying too. Like I cared.
“Get the hell out,” I said, my voice thick.
“Nope.” She sniffed and climbed into the passenger’s seat. “You’re too wrecked to drive. And I need a ride.”
“Need a ride? How did you get here?” She didn’t steal Mama’s car? Maybe Desiree teleported her.
“Enzo.”
And there it was. Irrefutable proof that the world had gone inside out. “My uncle drove you to a party?”
“No,” she looked in the mirror on the visor, cringed, and rubbed at the mascara smudges beneath her eyes. “He dropped me off at a house a few blocks away. I told him a friend of mine lived there and she was having a really rough night so asked me to come over.”
And she probably looked at him with those melted-gold eyes that made people believe exactly what she wanted them to.
Lexi smiled sadly. “It wasn’t exactly a lie. It’s just that you’re the friend.”
She was too calm, which freaked me out. What happened to the raging psycho that just trashed my life with a one-sentence text?
“Let me have the keys.” She held out her hand.
Considering I was too exhausted to even look for the keys I’d dropped, my choice was to sit in my car until I felt human again or let her drive.
We rode in silence the whole way home—along the river, through town, out to the highway, and onto the two-lane country road that would take us home. The second we turned into the driveway I saw that every light in the house was on. Seriously. The thing practically pulsed in the darkness. Lexi pulled the Escape into the barn and I immediately headed for the house.
“Mandy,” she said, “come talk to me?”
“Why would I do that?” I asked. “You all but destroyed my life tonight. I’ve got nothing to say.”
“Then just listen.” She produced two blankets from somewhere and begged me to go with her. She wasn’t going to stop until I agreed, so I followed her through the field and down to the creek.
There was only a bit of the moon showing. A little crescent, smiling at us.
“If only I could go back and unmake that wish,” I said, mostly to myself.
“Right your wrongs?” Lexi asked, kicking off her shoes and laying back with her hands under her head.
“I guess. But that’s not possible is it?”
“So you’d prefer I’d never been here?” she asked after a minute. “Even if it meant you’d never have a chance at getting your wish?”
I burst into tears. I have no idea how long I cried, but the tears kept coming. Even when I stopped sobbing, my eyes kept leaking.
“Why’d you do it, Lexi? How could you do it?” I knew she’d been mad at me, but what kind of a person could do what she did and then fifteen minutes later act like my best friend again?
“I couldn’t put you through any more,” she said.
I’d never seen Lexi look guilty before. Well, maybe that night she came home with Ethan and wouldn’t look me in the eye. Otherwise, she couldn’t be bothered with guilt.
“Put me through what?” I asked and then figured it out. “You mean it wasn’t my imagination? You did all those things on purpose?”
She hesitated before nodding.
“You purposely tried to take my spot in my own family?” Unbelievably, she nodded. “You really did sabotage my cooking club? You actually were after Ethan?” I finally had her confession and was so shocked I didn’t know how to react. “All that and you couldn’t even leave me my cat?” She nodded again and stared at me without blinking. It took everything in me to not scratch those golden eyes right out of her head. 
“When does this wish end?” she asked.
Riddles. More and more riddles. I was sick to death of it all.
“When I figure out what’s hiding in my soul,” I snapped. I didn’t even care anymore. Whatever was in there could just fester and rot.
“Let’s do the flow chart then.” Lexi flipped onto her side, head propped on her hand, to look at me.
“I’m too tired, Lexi.” It was only one in the morning, but I was ready to drop dead asleep.
“Well, I figured it out. So you listen and I’ll walk you through it.”
She figured it out? I was beyond desperate for all of this to be over, whatever that meant. So despite how angry I was at her, I gave her my full attention.
“A month ago you made a wish and suddenly I appeared,” Lexi began. “That means I’m a key ingredient here. So what’s so special about me?”
It was a logic question, not one looking for words of praise to feed her overinflated ego.
“Someone else,” she went on, “could party with you and show you how to be social. Someone else could do your hair and nails and show you how gorgeous you are. Someone else could force you out of your comfort zone. What is it that’s different about me then?”
I waited.
“You have to answer this part,” she said and gave me a nudge.
My eyes got teary again. “You’re part of me.”
“What part?”
My throat ached with the effort of trying not to cry. I sat up and wrapped my arms around my knees. “You’re my dark side.”
“And,” she gently pushed, “what’s in the dark?”
Solitude. Anonymity. Loneliness. Fear. Shame. Secrets. 
“Alexa,” I whispered, the light bulb finally turning on.
She put her arms around me, like a big sister. “You have to stop hiding from what happened. You have to deal with this so you can stop being ashamed.”
I took a deep, shaky breath. “You’re saying you revealed my secret so I’d finally deal with it?” Not sure she needed to be quite so public about it. We could’ve just had a heart-to-heart. Then again, I was definitely dealing with the Alexa stuff now. And that’s what my soul wanted. “When did you figure this out?”
She released the hug. “A while ago.”
“Did you really have to be so awful to me?”
I figured she’d look away, embarrassed.
“At first, yes,” she said without hesitation. “That’s pretty much what I was here to do. Push you out of your comfort zone. You’re always looking toward the next thing. You wanted to be happy and I was sent here to make you see that you already had all the right ingredients for that.” She smiled, pleased with her metaphor. “There was just this one thing that was ruining the recipe.”
Alexa. Guilt was very bitter. It did tend to ruin things.
“The problem was that I fell in love with being alive,” Lexi admitted. “I figured the further away from happiness I could keep you, the longer I’d be able to stay. But you fought back.” This time she did look away. “I’m sorry.”
She laid her head on my shoulder; I rested my head on hers.
“Thanks, Lexi. I think.” I expected her to vanish or to at least start fading away. And just that fast, I didn’t want her to leave.
“You’re welcome,” she said. But her voice was still serious, her expression still stern.
“What?” I asked.
“This isn’t only about dealing with what happened to Alexa.”
“It’s not?” I didn’t want to deal with any more. I just wanted it to all be better.
“It’s also about the thing you’ve buried deepest. You’re almost there. Dig a little further.” She waited, expecting some other revelation to smack me I guess. I had no idea what she was talking about though. So she prompted. “What he said to you the night he left?”
And there it was, a new pain crawling and clawing its way up from the depths. Not only did I need to deal with what happened to Alexa, I needed to open the box where I’d locked away what Papa had said to me.
“Remember that first party where I went upstairs with the linebacker?” she asked. Even in the darkness I could tell Lexi was blushing. “You pushed me up into the loft when we got home and said that I was the only one who knew that you are the way you are because of what he said. I wasn’t asleep when you said that.”
“You knew the truth that long ago?” I asked. She’d figured it out almost as soon as she got here.
She nodded. “You can’t fully put away the Alexa thing until you deal with that part of it too.”
“How am I supposed to do that?”
The words he said just before he walked out of my life were pushing so hard to escape, they’d almost broken out of that box. When they did, they’d be right there in the front of my brain. I wasn’t ready.
“Talk to your mom about it,” Lexi said. “Once she knows, she’ll tell you how wrong he was.”
“No.” I shook my head. “You know she won’t talk about any of this.”
“I have a feeling she will now.” And from her tone I knew I wasn’t going to like this. “That text I sent everyone? I sent it to her too.”




 Chapter Thirty-Two 

Desiree


One disclosure brought up from the darkness. Another buried deeper still. Unhealed wounds sting, sting, sting out in the open.
“Your words?” Kaf asked me as he set the sheet of paper back down next to my bluebonnets.
I nodded. Sometimes words were so powerful they needed to be written down and read again and again because their full intent could not be absorbed with only the ears. Those words held meaning only for me. Or so I thought. Kaf appeared affected by them as well.
His emerald eyes were deep and dark, filled for the first time with empathy for me.
“What do they mean?” he asked.
“I told you I didn’t want to do this wish.”
“This one hit too close to home,” he said.
He knew? It had never occurred to me that like I knew all about Mandy, he knew all about me. I had never discussed my past with him. This was a business arrangement. There was no need for him to know what swirled in the ooze of my history. Still…
“Yes, Kaf. It hit very close. It rubbed open the wounds I thought had sealed shut a long time ago.”
He said nothing. He was listening though. The bobbing nod of his head told me so.
“Everyone has regrets, Kaf. Everyone has a wish. Even me.” I swallowed. “I did things I’d give anything to be able to go back and do differently. I have wrongs I wish I could right. As Mandy is doing right now.”
He knelt at my feet. The tender, caring expression was not one I was used to on him. “What is your wish, Desiree?”
Why did he insist on torturing me? If he knew all about me, then he knew what my wish was. And there was no way for him to give me that. Like I’d told Mandy, we can’t bring people back from the dead. If he could, I’d have him bring back my brother. The one I never said goodbye to because I’d promised him he’d be okay. I’d have him change it so Craig wouldn’t have been in that jeep when the Viet Cong stepped out of the jungle that day. I’d have him bring back my parents. The ones I never said goodbye to because I thought I’d only be gone for a couple of weeks. That way I could go home to them at the end of this wish maker gig and let them know how sorry I was to have left them that way. But Kaf couldn’t do any of that. He couldn’t do anything for me.
I looked down on him and said, “I wish I was done with you.”




 Chapter Thirty-Three 

Mandy


I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t go in the house and face her. I couldn’t bring back all that pain.
“You have to, Mandy,” Lexi said. “The wish won’t finish until you deal with this. You understand it all now. But you still have to deal with it. Honestly, as much fun as I’ve been having and no matter how much I’d love to stay forever,” her voice broke and she took a deep breath. “It’s time for me to go. You can’t be whole if I’m still here.”
Across the field, at two in the morning, the lights were on in my kitchen. Mama never stayed up past the ten o’clock news; she was waiting for me. I could picture her sitting at the table, a full mug of tea—once hot, now cold—grasped in her hands. Or maybe she was doing paperwork. She disappeared into her work when things got really stressful.
After Alexa went through the ice, they couldn’t find her body for a few days. They knew she’d gone through because I’d told them and they’d found the hole in the ice that proved what I said. They figured the current must have carried her away. But because they had no body, Mama and Papa held on to hope that she wasn’t dead.
“Maybe she got out and made it to shore,” Papa had said, his usually handsome face gray and etched with the agony of losing his Little Angel. “She’s a strong swimmer. Maybe she made it to shore.”
He wouldn’t answer when someone would gently ask, “Then why haven’t we found her? Why hasn’t she found her way home? She knows her address. Someone would’ve brought her here or to the police station or a hospital.”
I knew it was worse for them, the not knowing. But I was scared to tell them the whole truth. That it was my fault. They might never forgive me if I did.
For days, Papa refused to leave his chair in the living room. He was sure she’d come through that front door any minute and he wanted to be the first person she saw. He literally only moved to use the bathroom. Otherwise he’d yell for Mama or me to bring him more beer or a sandwich. Sometimes he turned the television on and stared blankly at the screen. But then a commercial for the news would show Alexa’s smiling face (“Eight-year-old falls through the ice. Details at six and ten.”) so he’d turn it off again. Then he’d need a distraction and turn it back on.
Mama stayed up constantly, only dozing on the couch for a few minutes at a time, not even taking a shower for fear she’d miss a phone call or a knock on the door. While she waited, she’d paint another wall or occupy herself with any busywork she could find. She forgot to feed me. She forgot to tell me to take my bath. Forgot to tell me to go to bed. And just when I couldn’t take the guilt anymore and was about to tell them the truth—that I purposely threw Quackers out onto the ice and then had a tantrum until Alexa went and got him—the phone rang.
They’d recovered her body, two miles downstream. Her jacket had snagged on a submerged tree and some people walking their dog found her.
Mama and Papa were happy and sad all at once. “At least we know the truth now and can stop wondering,” they’d said.
Whenever anyone had asked me what had happened, I lied and said I didn’t know, that I had been playing in the sand when she went through. I couldn’t bear to open the wound back up and confess the truth now.
Lexi frowned at me. “Don’t you think it’s time?”
I shook my head like I was that little girl again, terrified to admit her mistake.
“Mandy,” Lexi said firmly. “She deserves it. And you still have his words to deal with.”
After another fifteen minutes of stalling, and praying the kitchen lights would go out, Lexi forced me to my feet and dragged me to the house. She pushed me up the stairs, opened the screen door, and then pulled me inside. Every light in the kitchen was on—the ceiling light, the lights over the microwave and sink, even the little nightlight on the stove. And there she was, like I knew she would be. There was a mug in her hand, but I didn’t see her laptop. Or her phone. Or even a piece of paper. The only other thing on the table was a second mug waiting in the spot across from her.
“I’m sorry about that text,” Lexi told Mama. “I was angry at Mandy. I should have handled this better.”
Then she stepped aside and left me without a shield.
I expected Mama to yell. To call me a murderer. To tell me to go pack my things and get out of her house. And when she stood up and came toward me, I cowered, bracing for the slap I thought for sure would come. Instead, she wrapped her arms around me and began to sob. She went limp against me. I wasn’t strong enough to hold us both up, I could barely hold myself, so we dropped to the floor.
After a few minutes her crying slowed, then stopped. She smoothed her bathrobe and wiped the tears off of her face. She wiped my tears too, pulled me up as she stood, and guided me to my chair at the table.
“Lexi,” she said, “will you make some coffee, please?”
I listened to the sounds behind me of Lexi pouring water into the pot and taking the lid off of the coffee container. Mama sat across from me and clutched her empty mug. We sat there, neither of us saying anything for many minutes. I was too afraid to even look at her. If I did and I saw the blame and the hatred I was certain would be there, it would finish me and I’d dissolve into nothing.
“Even though we never talk about her,” Mama finally said, “there hasn’t been a day that I don’t think about her. At first it was too hard. I kept her safe by tucking her away deep inside me. Then it became a territorial thing. She was my little girl and this was the last way I could protect her. It was no one’s business to know about her or what was going on in my head.” She looked into my eyes. “You and I should have talked about what happened though. I’m sorry.”
Lexi came with the coffee pot and filled our mugs. She didn’t sit with us. Instead she went to the other side of the kitchen again and sat on the floor in a corner. She wrapped her arms around her legs and sat motionless.
“Explain the text to me,” Mama said. “I know it’s not true. But I can tell by looking at you that there’s something to it.”
I took a sip of the coffee. It was good. Really good. A tiny part inside me cheered for Lexi.
“Do you remember the day?” I asked Mama.
“That she died? Of course. Every moment of it.”
“Do you remember that Alexa and I went to the park?”
“Yes.”
“And that I took Quackers with me?”
Her eyes narrowed for a moment, her mind flipping back through the memories, and then she laughed softly. “I’d forgotten about Quackers. But yes, I remember now. You insisted on bringing him even though Alexa said it was stupid to bring a stuffed duck to the park.”
Paralyzed with fear by what her reaction would be, unable to move anything but my mouth, I told Mama every detail of what I’d done.
When I stopped talking, there was a box of tissues on the table between us. The pain etched on Mama’s face was almost more than I could stand. I was afraid to move, afraid to breathe for fear that if I did she’d remember I was there and the yelling and the blaming and the hating would start. But finally, she spoke.
“I can see by the look on your face and by the tone of your voice that you think you’re responsible.”
I nodded but still couldn’t look at her.
“You were a little girl, Mandy.” When she put her hands on top of mine, I jumped. “You were four years old. There is no way this was your fault.”
“But it was,” I whispered. “I threw my duck on the ice even after you told us to stay away from the river. And then I made her go get him.”
“First of all…Mandy, look at me.” Feeling as though I was lifting the weight of the world, I did. “You didn’t make her do anything. If anyone is to blame for what happened to Alexa that day, it’s me and your father. That playground was three blocks away. We were wrong to send the two of you anywhere but to the backyard by yourselves.” Her tears started again. “That’s partly why I haven’t been able to talk about this. My guilt is too huge.”
“Your guilt? You didn’t do it.”
“Not directly. But I’m the mama. I should have been there. I could have stopped her.” She paused, took a sip of coffee, and stared at her shaking hands for a long time. “Your father felt the guilt too. It was too much for him to handle. That’s why he left.”
At that moment, the rest of what I’d buried exploded to the surface like a ball held under water and then released. My vision actually faded to black for a second. The emotion, the pain, the judgment flooded me.
“No,” I said. “He left because of me.”
“No, Mandy—”
“You weren’t there,” I said, my voice calm but firm. “You didn’t hear what he said.”
Mama stiffened and her voice came out in an icy monotone. “What did he say?”
I took a deep breath and was transported back nearly eleven years.
Mama and Papa fought a lot. Or didn’t speak at all, which was worse somehow. Mama was, for the most part, back to normal. She took me to kindergarten, took me to a friend’s house now and then, remembered to feed me, and told me to take my bath. She didn’t smile very often, though, and I never heard her laugh anymore.
Papa wouldn’t look at me and never spoke to me. I’d become Invisible Girl.
One day he came home from work early and started packing his clothes. Not just a few, like he did when he went on one of those trips for work that kept him away for a week or more. This time he packed all of his clothes. He got every one of our suitcases from the basement. When the suitcases were full, he got cardboard boxes from the garage. And then white plastic garbage bags from the kitchen.
“What are you doing?” Mama asked when she came out of the kitchen and saw the pile of his things by the front door. She looked over to where I sat on the bottom step and then back to Papa.
“Leaving,” he said. 
“What do you mean, leaving?” She sounded kind of scared. But I saw her smile a little bit.
“I can’t do this anymore,” he said. He sounded angry but not like he was going to yell. “I don’t want to do this anymore. I’m leaving.”
They made me go to my room so they could talk in the living room. They didn’t fight, but I heard Mama crying. It got to be dinnertime and they were still talking so I snuck into the kitchen and got a package of hot dogs from the refrigerator and a carton of orange juice and took them to my room. Cold hot dogs and orange juice was not a good combination though. It made me feel sick. So I snuck to the bathroom, stepping around the creaky spot on the hallway floor, and threw up.
Pretty soon the clock said 8:00, my bedtime, and they were still talking. So I closed my curtains, put on my pajamas, turned off my lights, and got into my bed. I wasn’t sleepy, but I lay on my side in the darkness and waited for my eyes to get heavy. After a really long time, my door opened. By the sound of the footsteps, I knew it was Papa.
He sat down on the edge of my bed and I could feel him staring at me. I didn’t want to see what that stare looked like, so I lay there with my back to him and pretended I was asleep.
“Amanda? Are you awake?”
I didn’t move. But he spoke anyway.
“I know that what I’m doing will make some people say I’m a rotten father. I don’t care. I can’t take this anymore. I’m not sure I can live without her. I certainly can’t take the pain of living in this house every day without her.” He was crying. I could tell by his wobbly voice. That scared me worse than anything. Papa never cried. Not even at Alexa’s funeral. “I can’t live here and see you still alive and know that Alexa, my perfect Little Angel, is cold and dead and in the ground and that I’ll never see her again. Never hold her in my arms. Never hear her beautiful laugh again.”
He stayed quiet for a few minutes. He didn’t hug me, didn’t touch me, didn’t tell me that he’d see me in a few days or weeks or even months. But before he left, he said one more thing.
“I don’t know exactly what happened at the park that day. What I do know is that Alexa went through the ice and you came home. If one of you had to die, it should have been you.”
Then he left.
I remembered lying there all night trying to figure out how I could fix things. If there was a way, I would’ve switched places with Alexa. There had to be some way I could make Papa love me—the naughty one—again, even a little.
“That bastard,” Mama said. She was on the floor on her knees next to me. “You know what he said was wrong.”
I couldn’t answer.
“Oh, Mandy,” she whispered and put her hand to her mouth. “You believed him? All this time you believed that you should have been the one who died that day?” She pulled me to my feet and wrapped her arms around me so tight I could barely breathe. “No. No. Your father,” but the words caught in her throat. She exhaled and started again. “He was in so much pain. He wasn’t dealing with Alexa’s death, not even a little. He could barely function. Mandy, you are—”
But she lost her words again and I pulled away from her. I drank some more coffee and his words echoed in my head. I’d buried them so deep for so long, but now, there they were. Fresh as the first time he’d said them. Tearing me open all over again.
“All this time,” Mama said, shaking her head over and over, staring blankly at the table as if hoping the right answer would appear there.
Sticks and stones might break bones, but bones heal. The pain from words would last forever. If I let them. As raw as I felt, I also felt like I was somehow starting to resurface. I remember deciding the night that Papa left that I was bad all the way through. I’d done something very, very wrong. I’d broken a rule and my sister had died. I decided that if I ever wanted Papa to love me again, if I wanted Mama to keep loving me, I had to be a very good girl. Like Alexa. Alexa would never have done what I did. Alexa had never done anything wrong and that’s why Papa, and everyone else, loved her so much.
“That’s why I am the way I am,” I said. “That’s why I don’t let myself make mistakes or take risks. Things have to turn out right.”
Mama looked shell-shocked. As bad as I felt that she’d found out this way, it was a huge relief that she knew.
“We have a lot of things we should talk about,” she said.
I agreed.
“Mandy,” she said and tears filled her eyes again. “I know there’s no way for me to have known what your father said to you that night, but I feel like I should have.”
“Mama—”
“Listen to me.” For the second time that week, she looked at me with nothing but love in her eyes. Maybe it had been there all along, and I’d been too wrapped up in myself to see it. “For as much as I would’ve given my own life to save Alexa’s that day, I would’ve done the same to stop those words from coming out of his mouth.”
All I could do was nod.
“Obviously you believed him. You wouldn’t have been so hard on yourself all these years if you hadn’t. But I want you to believe me now. He was wrong.” She choked back a sob, then said, “I had two beautiful, good little girls. One was only meant to be mine for a short time. I know I haven’t been involved enough with your life and I’m sorry. That’s going to change. I won’t stop until you believe, without a doubt, that you were as good then as you are now.”
“Thank you, Mama.”
She nodded. “It’s late. Let’s go to bed. We’ll talk more later.” She frowned and gave a nod my direction. “You can explain that dress you’re wearing to me later too.” Then she looked around the kitchen. “Where’d Lexi go?”



 Chapter Thirty-Four 

Mandy


Absolute panic filled me when I saw that Lexi wasn’t in the corner anymore. Oh please, not yet.
“I’m not sure where she is,” I said to Mama, forcing myself to stay calm. “Maybe she went to The Haven to give us some privacy. I’ll go check.”
I walked slowly out of the house, but as soon as I was down the porch steps I broke into a run. I screamed her name as tears of a new kind blurred my vision. As I burst through the doors of the barn, I called for her again and raced up the ladder.
She was there, sitting on the futon, looking out at the creek. I almost fell to my knees with relief.
Desiree was there too, sitting in the hammock chair. “Looks like all is well in your world again.”
“Getting there,” I said, unable to take my eyes off of Lexi, who still hadn’t turned toward me. “I thought she was gone already.”
“She should have moved on right away,” Desiree said. “But I think goodbyes are important.”
Moved on. That’s what people said when someone died. I sat next to Lexi on the futon.
“You’re so lucky to live here,” Lexi said, her voice soft, thoughtful. “I should’ve taken a little time to appreciate it.”
“Lexi,” I started, but what do you say to someone who helped fix…everything? Thank you didn’t seem even close to adequate.
“So what did we learn?” Lexi asked. She finally turned to me, silent tears trickling down her face. She immediately put up a hand. “Never mind. I’ll just tell you this time.”
“Okay,” I sniffed and blinked my watery eyes. “Tell me.”
“We learned that you don’t need to be afraid of your dark side.” She placed a hand over her heart. “’Cause she’s not all that bad. Is she?”
I shook my head and took her free hand in mine.
Lexi held her head high and blinked repeatedly. “She’s a part of you. And you,” she placed her hand over my heart this time, “are perfect, through and through. Find a balance. Let your wild child come out and live a little.” She looked down, almost shyly. “I wish I would’ve been more like you while I was here. All that time and energy and I still didn’t get the whole teenage experience.”
“You had a pretty good ride though,” I said. “And I think we switched sides a little at the end here. I’m not proud of how I acted.”
“It’s what you needed to do, I guess, to get you to where you are now.”
It was bittersweet. Now that I’d learned to love my dark side completely, I had to let her go again. No, that’s not true. Lexi never really left last time. She’d been with me all along and I kept pushing her away, ironically afraid of what was in the dark. And she wouldn’t leave this time either. I’d take the best parts of her—fearlessness, spontaneity, openness, love for life, and on and on—and let them join with the best parts of me—caring, determined, intelligent…a future kick-ass chef.
“I love you, Lexi.”
“I love you too, Booty Girl. Don’t ever forget that.”
As I hugged her, she started to get smaller, like I was a sponge and she was absorbing into me. It happened slowly and I actually felt my heart and soul fill until I thought I was going to burst. When I opened my eyes, Lexi was physically gone.
Desiree was still there though. I expected to see her smiling, happy about a wish successfully fulfilled. Instead she stared at me with what I can only describe as loathing.
“What’s the matter?” I wiped my eyes and scratched myself with fingernails that were suddenly long, unbitten, and perfectly polished a beautiful baby pink.
“Not a thing,” Desiree said and got up from the hammock chair.
“No,” I demanded. “Talk to me. I don’t know how you normally act during a wish, but this whole time you’ve treated me like I did something wrong by making a wish I didn’t even know I made. And now you look like you want to spit on me. What is it?”
Desiree smiled, but only with her mouth. Her eyes were hard and cold.
“No one’s ever wanted to hear my side of things before. Far-out to know you care so much.”
But that last part was said in a monotone. Dang, she was a hard one to crack.
I sat cross-legged on the futon and pointed at the hammock chair. “Well, believe it or not, I do care. And I’ve got nowhere else to be right now.”
For a second I thought she might open up and tell me what was hidden in her soul. But then she sealed up again.
“Why?” she asked, peering over her granny glasses at me.
“Because you saved my life.”
She laughed. “That’s a lot of drama, little sister. Don’t you think?”
“Okay, how about this? You put my life on a new path. And because you did this far-out thing for me, I want to do something for you. Unless you’ve got people you can talk to. In which case, I guess we’re done here.”
I seriously doubted she had many. Maybe this Kaf dude, whoever he was. I don’t think I’d ever met a lonelier person than Desiree. And I knew lonely.
“There’s no one,” she admitted, sitting in the chair again.
My mouth opened but words wouldn’t come. I hadn’t expected “no one.” I mean, she’s a hippie; she came from a commune where they shared everything. “Wow. I figured there’d be one lone little fairy somewhere.”
“Already told you, I’m not a fairy.” She pushed her glasses up her nose.
“It was a joke,” I said with a weak grin. “Talk. Tell me your story.”
“Thanks. But I’ll pass on that.”
“Then just tell me two things,” I said. “First, I’m pretty sure you weren’t born a wish mistress. How did you get this way? And second, why were you just shooting flaming daggers out of your eyes at me?”
She leaned back in the chair and stared at the ceiling. Then, like she’d been waiting for this very opportunity, she said, “When I was seventeen I made a real bummer of a choice. When I was eighteen, I made another bummer of a choice. And then I nearly died.”
I nodded. No shocking revelations yet.
“You said you were a hippie,” I said. “That was a long time ago but you haven’t aged. You look like you just graduated high school.”
“Since we’re being honest and sharing the love and all,” she said, “because of that first bummer choice, I never graduated.”
I shrugged. “Worse things could happen.”
“Worse things did.” She let out a sigh that seemed to come from her toes. “I was this far from dead.” She held two fingers a quarter-inch apart. “But before I made it to the great commune in the sky, this dude showed up next to me by the side of the road.”
“Car crash?”
She nodded. “Kaf said he had a deal for me. Said that if I agreed to work for him, he’d save my life. I agreed as long as I could stay eighteen until I was done, but he told me to hang on, there were conditions to this deal.”
“Let me guess,” I said. “You have to see it through to the end.” My skin prickled and I began to understand why Desiree was so bitter.
“Right. Except I’ve known from the start where my long and winding road ends. I agreed to fifty years.”
“You must be almost done,” I said, trying to be positive. “And you’ll come out of it still being eighteen years old. That’s cool. You’ll have your whole life ahead of you.”
“Not so cool.”
She pulled a joint out of her bag and lit up. She offered it to me, but I declined. Not ready to travel that far into my dark side. Only once the buzz hit was she able to go on.
“Fifty years was the length of service. The condition was that I could never see my family or friends again. They thought I died in that car crash.” She tapped her chest with both hands, then held her arms out wide in a here-I-am posture. “But obviously I took my body with me.”
“Oh God. They never knew for sure what happened to you.”
She touched her finger to the tip of her nose and took another hit. “But the worst part? The same way I could look in on you during your wish, I could look in on them too. And let me tell you, it’s impossible, im-poss-i-ble to not observe your family. I had to know if they were okay.”
“Were they?” I asked.
“Not even a little bit,” she said. “And there wasn’t one damn thing I could do about it.” She sat mutely for a few minutes, lost in her own personal hell. “To answer your second question, why was I giving you that look? Because I hate your guts.”
I recoiled. Hated me? With the possible exception of my father, no one, as far as I knew, hated me. It was my life’s mission to be sure everyone loved me. “Why? What did I do?”
“You got to right your wrongs.”
“And you can’t. So you hate me.”
“Maybe that’s a little strong,” she said. “I didn’t give a damn that the last couple of weeks have been agony for you though. Wouldn’t have cared if things went on that way for a whole lot longer.”
“I’m sensing that you have some issues that should be dealt with,” I said, trying to lighten the mood. But changed my mind. “You know what? Since we’re being honest and sharing the love and all, I have to say, that pisses me off. I made a wish. It’s your job to grant it. It’s not my fault if it’s been a hard one for you to deal with.”
The tiniest of smiles crossed her face before she said, “Well, you made it. You’re done with me.” She got up from the hammock chair. “Take it from me, appreciate the life you’ve got. ’Cause you only get one.”
“No doubt. I will.” And before she could disappear I said, “Desiree? If you ever do want to tell someone the rest of your story, I’d like to hear it.”
She stopped, placed her hands together in prayer pose, and bowed. Her eyes even glistened a little. She sang a few lines of a song about people trying to love one another. And then her pager went off. She looked at it and, with a sigh, nodded.
“New wish made. Gotta split.”




 Chapter Thirty-Five 

Mandy


It only took about a week for people to stop asking me where Lexi went and had I heard from her at all. I told them that her mother had taken a job in San Francisco and they’d had to leave right away. Yes, a lie. I hated lying. But in this case, what choice did I have? The truth would’ve only gotten me a nice padded room. Brooke slid comfortably back into her queen-bee role and pretty much ignored me after Lexi left. That was fine. It was time for us to follow different paths anyway. I admit, it stung a little, but life would go on.
Nourishing Nosh was placed on probation. Ms. Nolan called for a meeting with the members’ parents and in the end they agreed to let their kids stay in the group as long as Jherie took on a bigger role. I was still allowed to come up with the recipes, but Jherie had to actively run the meetings so she could immediately correct anything about to go wrong. I wasn’t completely happy with this solution, but I was learning some things from her, so I guess it was ultimately a win-win.
Crissy and I sat in front of the school after the final bell had rung on our junior year, discussing plans to get together over the summer. It wouldn’t be often. She had to watch the neighbor boy every day. And she didn’t appreciate me laughing at the irony of her now doing the job she’d given me such a hard time about all year. Plus when her mother found out Crissy would be hanging around the house all summer, she said Crissy could watch her little sister too. She’d only get paid for the neighbor boy though, watching Corona was her sisterly duty.
“How’s your garden?” Crissy asked, leaning back to soak in the early-June sun. She could use a little color. I couldn’t believe how pale she’d gotten.
“It’s coming along,” I said. “The seeds are turning into cute little sprouts and the herb plants are starting to fill in. Maybe you can bring the kids out in a few weeks. They might have fun seeing how food grows.”
She nodded. “Works for me. I’ll need something to keep them entertained.”
From behind us came the sound of an acoustic guitar and a familiar voice singing an old song called “Amanda”.
I’d never been publically serenaded before. It was pretty cool. And even though I already knew what a lucky girl I was (Ethan Crawford was my boyfriend! Squee!!), the envious looks from the other girls made it all the more sweet.
Ethan played the whole song—it was very romantic, both the song and the gesture—and then leaned down to kiss me.
“You have your first dance class tomorrow, right?” he asked.
“Not technically my first,” I said. “But yes, Beginning Dance for Teens at ten o’clock.”
It had been Mama’s idea. She’d claimed a person was never too old to try something new. Or pick up something they’d dropped. I passed on the tutu this time though. It was more of an interpretive dance class than ballet, so I chose a multi-colored, tie-dyed leotard in honor of Desiree.
“I’ll pick you up at nine-thirty then,” he said. “After class we’ll go do something?”
“Something sounds perfect,” I said.
We hadn’t gotten back to the ripping-each-other’s-clothes-off place of that night at the party, but honestly it was nicer this way. We didn’t go to any more parties either. Instead, we did stuff like hiking the bluffs and going on bike rides around the lake. He sampled every one of my new recipes—and actually gave helpful feedback, not just “This is great” (because the tofu stuffed green peppers…so not great). We held hands and kissed. A lot. But otherwise we slowed it down and were really getting to know each other.
He’d even helped me plant my garden, with the condition that I give him a small piece of it for his own project. I’d said yes and he showed up one morning with what looked like a bundle of sticks.
“What is that?” I’d asked him.
“It’s a green rose. I found it online,” Ethan had said and showed me a picture. It was the most amazingly perfect shade of apple green. He smirked, very pleased with himself. “I call it the Mandy Rose.”
“Crawford?” Some guy yelled from the school parking lot. “You coming?”
“On my way.” He kissed me again and swung his guitar around to his back. “Call you later.”
“You two are so sweet I think I just got a cavity,” Crissy said with an eye roll.
Geneva rushed past us, then stopped and turned toward me. “Are we still on for Sunday?”
“Yep,” I said. “Do you remember how to get there?”
She’d come out to my house once since Lexi left to check out my bedroom. She’d dubbed it “stylish but sterile” and told me to personalize it a little. “Add some pictures or make a little clutter somewhere. It doesn’t look like anyone lives in here.” Our friendship had definitely moved on from the can-I-borrow-your-notes stage.
“I remember,” Geneva said. “I’ll be there at eight…no, nine. Ten for sure.” She jerked a thumb over her shoulder toward the parking lot. “Gotta run.”
“She’s coming to give Mama some decorating ideas for her den,” I told Crissy. “It’s been nothing but boring white walls and an old steel desk since we moved in. Then we’re going to hang out. You should come. I think you’d really like Geneva.”
“Yeah,” she said. “But you know…Brad.”
“You can do better than him,” I said, as I did every time the topic of him came up. Sometimes subtly. Sometimes not so subtly. I hadn’t seen any more bruises on her, but that didn’t mean there weren’t some hiding beneath her clothes. I don’t know if she was afraid of retaliation or what, but she wouldn’t even discuss breaking up with him.
“He’s not that bad.”
“‘Not that bad’ isn’t exactly an endorsement for a boyfriend,” I said.
She didn’t respond.
“You know, as much as I love being with Ethan, he’s not the only thing in my life. Everything else is still important.”
Another eye roll. But she was listening. I could tell by the way she wouldn’t look at me.
“You deserve more and better, Crissy. But you have to want it. Really want it.” I looked at my nails, which were currently a daring shade of hot pink with apple-green polka dots and I laughed. “You could always try making a wish.”




Break My Bones
The Wish Makers – Book 2

Chapter One
Crissy

A car with a loud muffler pulled into the parking lot of the Lakeside Drive-In. Only one car in town sounded like that. Brad’s 1980-something Camaro. His baby. I slouched way down in my seat and watched out of the corner of my window as he pulled into a spot across the lot from where Mandy and I were parked. I’d told him I’d be home all night tonight. If he saw me here, he’d be mad. Accuse me of lying to him.
He and his cousin got out of the Camaro and went up to the order window. Brad knew the cook and always ordered at the window so he could say hi. Then he’d let one of the rollerbladed serving girls bring the food to his car so he could look down her shirt when she bent over to hand him the bags. This time he stayed at the window and waited for his order—almost certainly a triple bacon cheeseburger, no onions, and monster-size chocolate cherry malt. Good. That meant he was taking his food to go. A few minutes later with bags in hand, they went back to the car and Brad peeled out of the lot. I watched him drive away and only sat up once he was far out of sight.
I felt Mandy staring at me the whole time. If I had looked, I would’ve seen that frown. The one she wore every time the topic of Brad came up. This time all she said was, “Good thing he doesn’t know my car, hey?”
“Yeah,” I exhaled and closed my eyes, listening for the sound of that engine. Even though I couldn’t hear it anymore, I couldn’t relax. He could come back. I’d left instructions with Mom to call me immediately if he stopped by the house. Lakeside wasn’t that far away, Mandy could have me home in less than five minutes if he was there waiting.
One of the servers rolled up to the car with our food and attached the tray to Mandy's window. The smell of French fries and deep-fried cheese curds swirled in the air around the car and my stomach rumbled.
Mandy smiled as she handed me my mug of root beer, but the smile didn’t reach her eyes. She was waiting for me to say something, to defend myself. The last thing I wanted was to get into yet another discussion about why I should break up with Brad. I'd heard it many times. Her vote had been registered.
My throat practically cried with relief as the foamy, vanilla and licorice goodness slid down. I pressed the icy mug against my neck. Hottest freaking June in years and our A/C was out. Again. When Mandy called, asking if I wanted to get a root beer at Lakeside, our dinky-town Minnesota version of a Sonic, I jumped at the chance. The ride in her chilly car felt like a reward for being shackled to two five-year-olds and a baby all week.
She held her mug out to me in a toast. “To your first week of babysitting. How was it?”
When I’d first told her about my summer babysitting job, she nearly hyperventilated. She babysat, but only one kid at a time. Her cousin. For a few hours on Saturday nights. In air conditioning.
“Well,” I said after one more chug, “the baby is easy since he can’t walk yet. I plop him in his playpen in the shade and toss in a bunch of toys. I’m used to bossing my sister around.” I spent most of the first week in the backyard with them since it was cooler there than inside my house. “Jaden isn’t bad. Except he thinks he’s a ninja, or something, ’cause he started taking taekwondo lessons. He hides behind stuff and jumps out at me, standing there in this ‘I can take you’ pose. Scares the carp out of me every time.”
“Carp?”
“His mother told me to watch my language around him.”
Mandy laughed. “He sounds like fun.”
“I guess. One week down, eleven to go.” Summer wouldn’t be boring, that’s for sure.
The conversation stopped and I could feel her dying to talk about things I didn’t want to talk about. “Are you ready for your trip?” I blurted.
She squinted at me, as if debating whether or not to let me distract her. “I guess.”
“You aren’t excited?”
“It’s Minneapolis.”
“Oh, come on,” I said. “It’s not a beach with a palm tree, but it’s also not here.”
I’d love to go anywhere for one day let alone a whole week. Literally. Anywhere. Minneapolis? Nebraska? The middle of freaking Antarctica? I’m there.
Mandy acted like she was being sent to do hard labor. Right. Watch three kids by yourself all day and then tell me about hard labor. Okay, fine, I just needed to keep them in the yard and make sure no one severed a limb or caught fire. Not that hard. But the little ninja would probably give me a nervous twitch by the end of the summer.
“What’s the problem?” I teased her. “Gonna miss Ethan too much? You think he’ll find someone new?”
Mandy scowled and shook her head. “No…well, yeah I’ll miss him. But no, I’m not worried that he’ll find someone new. We’re secure enough to survive being apart for a few days.”
True. Mandy and Ethan were tight.
“What is it then?” I asked. “You’re all wigged-out about something.”
She stole one of my fried cheese curds and popped it in her mouth, closing her eyes and releasing a contented sigh.
“So good.”
Only Mandy could get that happy over food. “You’re avoiding my question.”
“I’m not avoiding.” She stole another curd and wiped her greasy fingertips on a napkin. “Okay, honestly? I think it’s because I have to spend a whole week with Mama. I can’t remember us ever having that much time alone together.”
I totally identified with that. No way could I handle a week with my mother. Of course mine was a fully-marinated alcoholic and drug addict (I was fairly sure about the drugs, didn’t have proof though) where Mandy’s mom was this smart, confident, professional woman. She could be kind of intimidating and sometimes got too wrapped up in her work, but overall she was cool. She’s the mom I’d pick.
“Once you’re there it’ll all be fine.”
Mandy nodded and went for another curd. I deflected her this time.
Across the parking lot a family—dad, mom, one boy, one girl, one baby—claimed one of the picnic tables set in the grassy yard. The dad sat next to the mom. The boy and girl sat next to each other, not pinching or poking or teasing. Such well-behaved children.
“Aren’t you hot?” Mandy asked.
I stared at her, confused by the out of nowhere question. “It’s like a hundred and three degrees and the humidity makes me feel like I just got out of the shower. Of course I’m hot.”
She drained her root beer and set it on the tray hanging off her window.
“Then why are you wearing long sleeves?” She had that tone in her voice, the new confrontational take-charge one she had picked up over the last few months.
I looked down at the breezy blouse I’d snatched from my older sister’s closet. It was lightweight something, linen maybe, and a really pretty red. I thought it went well with my cutoffs and red flip-flops.
“I don’t know.” I’d let myself get distracted. She was trying to open the discussion I’d been trying to keep closed. “I like this shirt. It’s Vanessa’s. You know how she hates it when I borrow her stuff. Especially her new stuff. She just got this last—”
“Let me see your arms.”
I opened my mouth. Closed it. Swallowed. “N-No.”
“Crissy.” Now she had this total mom look on her face. “Let me see your arms.”
A server skated over to the family with a tray full of sundaes and set it down on the table. The mom handed out the ice cream to the small, extended hands with wiggly give-it-to-me fingers.
“I don’t need to show you my arms.”
“You don’t,” Mandy agreed. “What’s the problem? Unless you’re hiding something.”
I stared at her, trying to invoke the you-can’t-make-me glare of my little sister. Mandy didn’t flinch.
“You’re not as nice as you used to be, you know,” I told her.
She shrugged and tugged on her hair to tighten her long brown ponytail. “It just seems that way. It’s more that I’m not willing to stand by and do nothing while my friend is being beaten up by her boyfriend.”
“He doesn’t beat me up.”
“Then let me see your arms.”
Mandy was like a pit bull, she wouldn’t give up. We could sit there ’til winter and she wouldn’t budge on this. I placed the cold, but no longer frosty, mug between my knees. The sudden shock against my sticky-hot skin sent an icy chill up my thighs. I pulled the left sleeve up to my shoulder and twisted my arm back and forth letting her see all around it. She nodded her approval, looked me in the eye, and gave a single nod at my right arm.
“This is stupid,” I said and jerked the left sleeve back into place.
The family was laughing now, sharing spoonfuls of their sundaes with each other. Totally oblivious to the fact that they were being watched.
In a sudden fit of…I don’t even know what—Frustration? Embarrassment? Determination to accept the tough-love being offered?—I pulled my right sleeve up to my shoulder, revealing a purple, green, and yellow bruise on my upper arm. It was obviously a hand print. Each finger clearly defined. The fingertips, where he’d dug in hardest, looked like a cluster of purple grapes. I couldn’t look at her, didn’t want to see her reaction.
“He pulled me back onto the curb,” I said lamely and kept my eyes on the family. “There was this car coming and I almost stepped in front of it.”
“I don’t believe you,” Mandy said simply, not missing a beat.
The boy and the girl sat there in their cute little fresh-from-the-mall summer outfits, eating their ice cream without trying to steal each other’s or getting yelled at to sit still and eat. The dad gazed at the mom with love oozing from every pore of his body. The gaze said look at the beautiful life you’ve given me. Our three well-behaved children, our flawlessly kept four bedroom, three bathroom home. Our perfectly trained Labradoodle.
“Why do you defend him?” Mandy asked, anger on the edge of her voice. Then gently, “Why do you stay with him? You are the most awesome person. I don’t understand why you stay with someone who leaves bruises on you.”
When I looked at her, I saw tears sparkling in her eyes. Her words and those tears should have filled me with happiness that I had a friend who cared enough to say these things. Instead it made me feel less worthy than ever.
“I stepped in front of a car,” I repeated without emotion and returned to the family. The dad had gone around to his children’s side of the table to wipe the ice cream off their faces. As he turned away from his son’s now-clean face to wipe his daughter’s, the little girl reached up and wiped a dab of whipped cream on his nose. I inhaled, waiting for the dad’s perfect composure to crumble. He’d yell, maybe spank, grab the girl by her arm and drag her to the car, throw her in the backseat and yell for everyone to come on, we’re leaving.
Instead, the dad threw his head back and laughed. He swiped the whipped cream off his nose with the fresh wipe the mom handed him, then playfully scrubbed his daughter’s face. Next he picked the girl up and spun her effortlessly onto his shoulders while she squealed and giggled. The mom tucked the baby into its stroller and the boy helped her push as the family cautiously crossed the busy street to the park, heading toward the playground.
I pulled my sleeve down and drained my mug. “I should get home.” Even though home was the very last place I wanted to be.
Mandy waited before saying, “It’s only seven-thirty. I’m leaving in the morning and I’d like to spend a little time with you before I’m gone for a week.”
I didn’t object. Hanging around Mandy made me feel more normal. Or at least less like a freak. She was super focused and had dreams of culinary school. She inspired me, gave me a little hope. My dream was simpler, to not follow in my mom’s and sister’s footsteps and end up pregnant at seventeen.
“Okay,” I told Mandy. “We can stay. If we stop talking about Brad.”
“One more thing, then I’ll leave it alone,” she swore, one hand in the air, the other crossing her heart. “I’m issuing you a challenge. Stay away from him for the week. As much as possible. I realize you probably can’t avoid him completely.” She paused. “Unless you got a restraining order.”
Here’s me: not amused.
“Use babysitting as your excuse,” she went on. “Tell him you’re too tired to go out. Or that Vanessa got called in to work an extra shift and your mom is gone.”
I laughed. Maybe having a drunk for a mom could work to my advantage.
She pressed on. “One week. I think you’d see how much better your world would be without him.”
I twisted the silver thumb ring I’d bought myself for my seventeenth birthday in March—silver symbolized clarity and strength—and winced as a little jolt of pain shot through the bruise on my arm. This was a big one. He’d hung on extra-long and squeezed extra hard. Rage had turned his face as purple as the bruise. It was partly my fault though.
He'd told me, “Make sure…are you listening to me?” He smacked the back of my head to get my full attention. “Make sure they don’t put onions on my burger.”
I’d written down everyone’s orders. Maybe I hadn’t written no onions because I knew he hated onions. Or maybe I’d forgotten to say it since I hadn’t written it down. Or maybe the headset on the girl taking my order at the drive-thru had shorted out and she hadn’t heard that part.
He’d had a really bad day, everything went wrong at the farm and all he wanted was a burger. It was a mistake I’d never make again. I’d double and triple check his order before bringing him anything next time.
“I’ll do my best,” I told Mandy. “Not much I can do if he comes to my house though.”
“Tell him it smells like diapers.”
I gave a weak laugh. “Now that might work.” Across the street at the park, the Perfect Family was still playing. The dad stepped back and forth between the boy and the girl, pushing them higher and higher on the swings. “Let’s go to the playground.”
“The playground?” If I’d asked to go to the moon, I would’ve gotten the same response.
“Yeah, I have a sudden urge to swing.” There was no breeze that night. I thought we could make our own. And for a while I’d pretend to be that little girl.


~~~


 
Available from Smashwords here.



Acknowledgements

When I decided, more than a few years ago, to start on this writing journey, my first interaction with professional writers was with SCBWI-Wisconsin. What an amazingly talented group. There I felt like I'd found a place where I belonged and people who understood me. That's also where I met my long-time critique partners: Eva Apelqvist, Sue Berk Koch, Deborah Lynn Jacobs, Amy Laundrie, and Donna O'Keefe. I would not have made it without the five of you and am so grateful to still have you in my world. Then I moved to Colorado where I met Rachael Dahl and Corinne O'Flynn. Thank you both for all the brainstorming and last-minute reads. I owe you.

There are others who have helped me with this book that I owe a great deal of thanks to. Georgia Beaverson, for pointing out my annoying writer's habits! Judy Bryan, for making Mandy's story stronger in the simplest ways. And Sarah Kelley for letting me know that Desiree just wasn't there yet; you turned this whole series around for me.

Finally, writers are a different breed and having the love and support of family behind us on our journeys makes all the difference in the world. I am truly blessed with mine. To my mom and dad, Kathy and Ron, who are always in my corner, thank you. To my sons, Adam and Eli, who dealt with me when I had bad days and celebrated with me when I had good ones, thank you. And to Paul, the love of my life, you've made my dreams come true and becoming published is only one of them.




Other Titles by Shawn McGuire

THE WISH MAKERS Series:
STICKS AND STONES
BREAK MY BONES
NEVER HURT ME (January 2015)



If you like to learn more about Shawn’s books, please sign up for her newsletter.


Please help Shawn spread the word about this book by leaving a review with Smashwords and/or Goodreads.


STICKS AND STONES is available in print. 


You can find Shawn on the web at http://www.shawn-mcguire.com or Facebook




About the Author

Shawn McGuire started writing after seeing the first Star Wars movie (that’s episode IV) as a kid: she couldn’t wait for the next one so wrote her own episodes. Sadly, those notebooks are long lost, but her desire to write is as strong now as it was then. She grew up in the beautiful Mississippi River town of Winona, Minnesota, the small town that inspired the setting for Sticks and Stones and Break My Bones. After graduating college she moved to the Milwaukee area of Wisconsin (Go Pack Go!) where she lived for many years. She and her family now call Colorado home and when not writing or reading, Shawn enjoys cooking and baking, crafts, interior decorating, and spending time hiking and camping in the spectacular Rocky Mountains.
