Under the Arches
P J G Robbins

Under the Arches
By P J G Robbins
Copyright 2014 P J G Robbins
Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by P J G Robbins:
Dreamweavers: Awakening
824

‘Miss Marsh.’
‘Miss Marsh.’
‘Miss Angelina Marsh will you please pay attention!’
Miss Angelina Marsh withdrew herself from gazing mindlessly out of the window and turned her attention to the front of the class, where the stern face of one Mrs Adcock awaited her. She was standing with her hands on her hips and a deep frown on her face.
‘Are you quite finished daydreaming?’ she snapped.
Angelina nodded sullenly.
‘Right,’ said Mrs Adcock, snapping her fingers as she said it, which was her way of demanding full attention. ‘Who can show me how the graph to the following equation will look?’
Angelina stifled a yawn. Already her mind was starting to wander again. Mrs Adcock, or Mr sAdcock as it was written on most of the children’s notebooks, had never taken much of a liking to her. It had started the previous year, Angelina’s first year at Vicarage Girls School, in Watford. She had found Mrs Adcock’s classes extremely dry and uninspiring, and whilst she dutifully completed all the homework (without the help of the internet), she had never once felt the urge to participate in class. Never once had she volunteered an answer, or offered her thoughts on how simplest to rearrange an equation, and this did not sit well with Mrs Adcock.
Mathematics. The bane of so many children Angelina’s age. It was surprising how many of them struggled with the simplest of calculations. Frustration at this lack of ability was always painfully apparent in the way Mrs Adcock addressed her pupils, and their loathing for her was possibly the first thing they learned upon joining the school. It was the same every year. September would come around and with it the chance for a fresh start. Then the first maths lesson would arrive and with it came an unchanged Mrs Adcock, and by the end of the first period some bright spark would have usually figured out that the simple repositioning of the space in someone’s name could lead to hilarious results. And so the legend that was Mr sAdcock lived on and the perpetual boredom of maths classes continued for another year.
Angelina didn’t mind maths. In fact she had rather a flair for it. Perhaps it was the reason that she found the classes that little bit more mind numbing. If she wasn’t being stretched then her mind had a tendency to wander and nowhere was this more apparent than in Mrs Adcock’s classes. She had not made her gift known to most of the other students. Being branded a maths geek on top of everything else was something she was sure she could live without. In any case, they would only end up copying her work and she was in no mind to let that happen. She was happy to let them think that she just went home and found the answers elsewhere, like they all did.
Bang!
The violent sound of Mrs Adcock’s hand slamming down on the desk in front of her jolted Angelina back into the classroom.
‘You will see me after school young lady, by which time I expect you to have prepared a long list of reasons why it is important to pay attention in class.’
‘Great,’ thought Angelina, cursing her wandering mind. ‘Detention again. As if I need any more excuse to spend time in school.’
Mrs Adcock gave her a contemptuous look before returning to the front of the class. Some of the other girls sniggered and began whispering amongst themselves. Angelina looked down at the scrap of paper that had appeared in front of her. It read simply: My office. 3:45pm sharp!

The end of the lesson came and went and the rest of the day passed in a haze of historical dates, French verbs and Shakespeare. It was a truly gruesome way to finish off the week. She was outside Mrs Adcock’s office at 3:42pm, knowing it unwise to further anger an already irate teacher. There was already a queue of at least half a dozen students waiting outside, most of whom were older than her, but there were also a couple of troublemakers from her year too.
Mrs Adcock was one of the few teachers blessed with an office of her own, because she also happened to be deputy head of the school. Quite how she had never made it as far as head teacher was something that had always baffled Angelina. For a start, she was old enough to have occupied an exhibition on pre-history at the Natural History Museum in London. Perhaps it was her rather backward view of the world and her unique way of endearing herself to the pupils that had kept her from that lofty position.
Eventually Mrs Adcock arrived and the lectures began. Angelina noticed it was already four o’clock and one by one the students went in, most of them holding sheets of paper with the answers to some list of questions that Mrs Adcock had set them. Those who saw her all too frequently never bothered doing them, for she never looked at the answers, instead preferring to prattle on about the importance of a good education and how rude children nowadays were. The lecture was virtually the same each time it was given, and despite only being subjected to it on a handful of occasions the previous year, Angelina had it memorised almost word for word. 
Finally her turn came and Angelina took a deep breath and plunged into the room.

Later that afternoon Angelina walked out of the school gates and onto the path that ran beside Wiggenhall Road. She was feeling a little out of kilter, for Mrs Adcock had not given one bit of her usual lecture spiel. She had instead expressed her sympathy and understanding for Angelina’s personal situation and how she hoped that her parent’s divorce would not put Angelina off her studies. Angelina had sat in dumb silence for the whole time, merely nodding or shaking her head when appropriate, in agreement with the deputy head. Her parent’s divorce had happened over two years previously and Angelina had long since put it out of her mind. Perhaps Mrs Adcock had only just found out. In any case, she was now out of school and could enjoy the rest of her birthday.
As Angelina walked home, over the bridge that crossed the railway lines and past the petrol station at the bottom of the hill, she reflected on finally making it as far as being a teenager. She would find a way to celebrate the achievement with a few of her friends later. For now though, the weather was nice, and the leaves in Oxhey Park were turning a beautiful golden colour. There was a whole weekend to look forward to and no school work to get in the way.

The next day was a Saturday and Angelina’s mum had promised to take her shopping in the Harlequin Centre in town as a treat. Angelina was excited, not at the prospect of having lots of new things – there would be some, and a few of them might be new – but at the chance to spend some quality time with her mother. Since her Dad had left them Angelina’s mum had taken on extra work in order that she could keep paying the mortgage on the flat they lived in. They could have moved elsewhere, perhaps to South Oxhey where the houses were cheaper, but Angelina had thrown a tantrum at the idea of leaving her old room behind and they had ended up staying. Angelina felt a certain amount of guilt about this, not least when she saw her mum emerge bleary-eyed and dishevelled some mornings, but the subject had never been brought up again and it was something that Angelina had no desire to do.
The flat was situated just off Eastbury Road in Watford, which ran along up and over a small hill south of the town centre, close to Bushey Arches. It looked out over Oxhey Park, a pleasant open space of modest size that overlooked the River Colne as it skirted the nearby retail parks. It was the only home Angelina had ever known, hence her attachment to her room. It was not a large flat, with the lounge and kitchen area effectively being part of the same room, and only being separated by a small breakfast bar. There were also two bedrooms, a bathroom and a storage cupboard. Yet in past years Angelina’s parents had furnished it sympathetically, giving it an airy, open feel, whilst still leaving enough character to call it home. 

It was a bright September morning, which was a refreshing change following the dreary August that had just passed. It always seemed to rain in the school holidays, which was doubly depressing for Angelina since most of the things she enjoyed doing involved being out of doors. Most of the other kids her age would be holed up in front of the TV or an Xbox for most of the six weeks, but Angelina had little interest in such things, except perhaps the Discovery Channel or the various twenty-four hour news broadcasts. Unfortunately her mum could not afford a Sky package, so Angelina had to watch what she could on the terrestrial channels. Programmes such as Panorama and Whistleblower were of more interest to her, since they shed a stark light on the once comfortable world she had grown up in. Her mum said that she should not be troubling herself with such things at her age, but Angelina found most of the programmes aimed at her age group patronising and had resolved not to waste her time with them. The exception was Spongebob Squarepants. Spongebob had kept her going through the break-up of her parents and she owed it to him. Plus he was cool, in his own squishy, yellow, twisted way.
She spent the entire morning and most of the afternoon with her mum, walking in and out of the same shops time and again, comparing the fits and styles of most of the major clothing outlets. For lunch they went to Café Nero on the High Street and sat outside eating grilled paninis and drinking fruit smoothies – her mum had given up on coffee when it had begun to stain her teeth. 
At four o’clock, having settled on a number of items that were both practical and still reasonably stylish, her mum said ‘goodbye’ and went off to start her evening shift behind one of the many bars further up the High Street. This left Angelina to walk home with her own thoughts to amuse her. She’d had a good day and her spirits were as bright as the afternoon sun. She was just passing Marks and Spencer, opposite the coffee house where she had lunched, when a voice broke into her daydream. It was singing.
‘…when the bell begins to chime. Reflecting BIG ISSUE? No sir? God bless you… and it doesn’t have much time. ‘cause at five o’clock they take me to the gallows pole. COME ON NOW BIIIG ISSUE… of time for me are running low.’
It was a strange voice; sounding like it came through gritted teeth. Angelina looked up. Just ahead of her, outside the endmost door of M&S was quite possibly the strangest looking man she had ever seen. His head was covered in thick black dreadlocks that came down just beyond his shoulders and appeared to be held in place by a black beanie with a pink pom-pom on the top. He was wearing grubby combats and a woollen hoodie that looked as though it had originally belonged to some Navajo tribesman (one quite a lot bigger than the man now wearing it). The cause of the gritted teeth sound in the voice was a roll-up cigarette that stuck out of one corner of the man’s mouth. Quite how it failed to set fire to the stubbly beard surrounding it was beyond Angelina, and she was so fascinated by the overall appearance of the man that she decided to approach him.
‘… priest comes to read me the last rites BIIIG ISS…’
‘I’ll take one.’
The man stopped mid-shout and peered down at her through deep brown eyes. They took a moment or two to focus, but when they did a broad smile drew across his face.
‘Jolly good,’ he said, plucking a copy of the magazine from the pile on the floor next to him. As he did so, Angelina caught a glimpse of some unmistakable white earphones in his ears and frowned. 
‘Hey!’
The man straightened as though someone had put a ramrod up his back. He looked at her suspiciously. 
‘How come you are selling the Big Issue when you can afford an iPod?’ Angelina asked, hands on hips.
The man looked down in horror and hastily tucked the offending article into the depths of his hoodie. 
‘ ‘s mine,’ he said with a guilty look on his face. ‘I bought it.’
‘Bought it or stole it?’ asked Angelina sternly. The man looked taken aback.
‘Course I didn’t steal it. Though come to think of it that would have worked just as well. ‘cept I would have needed a charger too. Anyway it’s mine, I bought it, it’s mine.’ He leaned down towards her in a conspiratorial fashion. ‘You won’t tell anyone though, will you?’
His breath carried a pungent aroma that hinted at more than just tobacco.
‘Are you high?’ Angelina asked. 
The man looked at her dumbly, the cigarette, or joint even, hanging loosely from his mouth.
‘High?’ he repeated.
‘Well?’
‘Perhaps a little,’ he admitted looking guilty for a moment before his grin returned and he added, ‘Besides, who would not be high on a day like today?’
Angelina remained unmoved by his jovial manner and continued to fix him with as stern a stare as she could manage. The man’s face dropped.
‘Listen, I’ll let you have that one for free if you scarper and tell no-one,’ he said.
‘Done,’ said Angelina. She turned her back on him and continued on her way down the High Street and back towards her home. As she went she heard the man break into song again.
‘Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Hallowed be thy name! BIG ISSUE!!!’

All the way home Angelina could not stop thinking about the man. Even as she walked through the retail park past B&Q, the Saab and Mercedes showrooms and turned right at the Arches towards her flat, she found she could picture almost every detail on his face. It was as if an image of it had been burned on to the back of her eyeballs. So many quirky things stood out; his singing, his genuinely sunny disposition, his curious aroma. Yet somehow they did not quite fit together. Something about him seemed out of place, but she could not put her finger on it. Still, she found herself smiling at the mere thought of him.
As she entered the flat and put her shopping bags to one side she looked down at the magazine she had been given by him and began thumbing through the pages. A paragraph caught her eye: ‘The Big Issue was set up as a business in 1991 to give homeless people the chance to make an income. It campaigns on behalf of homeless people. It allows homeless people to voice their views and opinions. To become a vendor you must be homeless or vulnerably housed….’
Perhaps the man really was homeless and had spent all his money on the MP3 player because he loved his music so much. She felt a swift pang of guilt as she stared at the cover of the magazine. She had not paid a penny for it. Without thinking she had taken from someone worse off than herself and had not given anything in return. She felt awful and resolved there and then to find him at the next available opportunity and give him the money she had denied him, plus interest. 

Angelina had learned to her cost the previous year the importance of first impressions. Her parent’s divorce papers had only finally been signed a few weeks previously and her mother had been left with barely a penny to set Angelina up for her first term at secondary school. As a way of saving money she had cut Angelina’s hair herself and most of her school uniform had come from charity shops. Even Angelina had to admit that she had looked a bit of a state that first day. She would dearly have loved the chance to explain it all to the other girls, but by the end of the first day most of them had already made up their minds on her. Even when a small cheque arrived for her birthday from her Dad, which allowed her to get her hair done properly, it was still too late. The jeering and name-calling had begun.
Her principal antagonist was Chardonnay Willis, who was living proof of the adage that money can in no way buy you class. Rumour had it that Chardonnay’s parents had won not an insubstantial amount on the lottery and a girl from once humble backgrounds had been propelled into another sphere of living altogether. Unfortunately the result was a really nasty piece of work, who swaggered about school mouthing off to pupil and teacher alike. As was the norm when people got a sniff of wealth, Chardonnay had a constant stream of wannabes in her wake, which only served to boost her already over-inflated ego.
Angelina didn’t give her the time of day. She knew Chardonnay would be rude to her no matter what she did or how she looked and since she had sorted out her appearance, Angelina found that she had friends enough, although no one she could say she was really close to. No one she would entrust the secrets of her heart to.

It was all so different from her time at primary school. She had grown up with plenty of friends around her and had never found herself without someone to talk to. Her fair skin, offset by dark hair and deep brown eyes had given her plenty of attention from boys, not that she craved it, and she had found the first few years of school quite enjoyable. Nowadays she spent a great deal of her time alone, lost in a world of her own thoughts. Sometimes she would socialise at break and lunch times, but for the most part she was happier in her own company.

Angelina’s sunny mood was cut short almost as soon as the weekend ended. After a summer with little to do other than stand around and gossip, Chardonnay and her fan club seemed to have a fresh appetite for causing misery and despite her best efforts, Angelina could not help but be affected by their cruel taunts. Coupled with Mrs Adcock’s sudden interest in her personal life, this made the school days pass ever more slowly. There was nothing more galling than being branded a teacher’s pet when all you wanted to do was to get away from the woman.
Angelina had taken to getting a seat as close to the door as possible in maths so that she could make a bid for freedom as soon as the bell went. She still dutifully completed all the homework tasks, being careful to moderate her answers in order to just achieve above average scores, so as not to attract further derision from those of her classmates who struggled to even spell ten, let alone count to it.
She saw little of her mum that week, which saddened her. Arriving home to an empty house and then leaving the same the following morning was never enjoyable, even when life was going well. 
Finally the marathon was over and the weekend arrived. She slept in until late morning on the Saturday, feeling little desire to face the world, but when she did eventually crawl out of bed she decided there was little else to do but take a wander into town.
It always amazed Angelina how many people would be queuing in their cars to get to B&Q on a Saturday morning. Indeed the same normally happened on a Sunday too, and Bank Holidays were even worse. Didn’t people have better things to do with their time than buy paint or decking material? How often could one buy a lawnmower? At least the sun was out again making them sweat in their cars as they waited for parking spaces to become free.
She passed Watford High Street station and crossed the ring road, entering the town centre proper. She had no idea what she was going to do. She had barely a fiver on her and she knew that would not go far. She wandered through the Harlequin for a while, looking idly at clothes she had no intention of buying and browsing the racks of CDs and DVDs in HMV in search of inspiration. But her heart was not really in it and she left without buying anything. As she walked back out onto the sun-kissed High Street, she immediately heard an unmistakeable voice ring out in song.
‘Your world was made for you by someone above… and that someone wants you to buy a BIG ISSUE ladies and gentlemen, BIG ISSUE here for you… made me master for the world where you exist… BIG ISSUE… The soul I… thank you madam, God bless you…’
And so it went on. The sound of the voice brought with it the first ray of happiness that had entered Angelina’s heart all week. With a beaming smile she strolled down the High Street to where the man was standing, again wearing his thick hoodie that looked far too hot for the weather they were enjoying and his beanie with the silly pink pom-pom on top.
‘Hello again!’ she chirped, stopping directly in front of him.
‘Whoa! It’s you!’ said the man, startled by her sudden appearance. ‘Listen, about last week…’
‘Yes, I am sorry for being so stingy over that magazine,’ said Angelina interrupting him. ‘Here’s the money I owe you and some more for another if you don’t mind.’
The man looked further taken aback. His brow furrowed beneath the line of the beanie and he stared blankly at the money in her outstretched palm.
‘Oh,’ he said. ‘That’s not what I was going to say, but thanks.’
He took the coins and passed her the latest issue of the magazine. Then he took the cigarette he was smoking out of his mouth and stubbed it out in his palm. He wiped his hand on the side of his combats and offered it to Angelina. As he did so she couldn’t help noticing a round scar in the centre of his palm, almost exactly where he had put out the cigarette. 
‘My name’s Zeus,’ he said as she tentatively shook it. ‘At least, that’s what I’m known as round here.’
‘Zeus? Wow that’s an odd name. My name is Angelina Marsh, but my friends just call me Angel.’
‘Angel, that’s a nice name.’
‘It’s unusual isn’t it?’
‘Actually I happen to know quite a few Angels.’
‘Really? Oh.’
Zeus smiled. ‘It’s a pleasure to meet you Angelina Marsh.’
‘You too,’ she replied, returning the smile.
There followed an awkward silence, where they both just looked at one another not knowing what to say. 
‘I’d… err… better get going,’ said Angelina eventually. ‘Hopefully I’ll see you around soon.’
‘OK then,’ said Zeus. ‘God bless you young lady.’

Back in her flat, Angelina could not put the man out of her mind. Everything about him was intriguing. She had seen homeless people before who had looked and smelled similar, but there was something very different about Zeus. He gave the impression of being quite happy with his lot in life and had been quite open with her when she had quizzed him the previous week. Even as she drifted off to sleep that evening his face was still clear in her mind. She wondered what that meant.

Angelina went back to town the very next day with the sole purpose of seeing Zeus again. She had woken early and had lain in bed wondering what time a homeless person would be out on the streets. She had then chastised herself for her stupidity; he would be living on the streets. Somehow the meaning of the word ‘homeless’ had not quite registered until then.
She arrived in the centre of town around eleven o’clock, but was disappointed to find that Zeus was not in his usual spot. She continued on up the High Street, disheartened but hoping to find him a little further on. There was a Sunday match on at the Vicarage Road stadium and the centre of town was awash with yellow shirted football supporters and policemen in fluorescent jackets. There was an upbeat vibe around town and for once Angelina did not mind walking through the crowds, although she did sometimes feel like a salmon swimming upstream.
She passed the bars and charity shops that lay beyond the bridge that took the ring road over the High Street, and arrived at its end to find no sign of Zeus. Further disheartened, she sat for a while watching the wind blow ripples across the long rectangular pond that dominated the end of the street. Numerous crisp packets and Coke bottles floated up against the thick clumps of reeds. Angelina knew it was probably kids her own age that had discarded them there, and she pondered for a while on the unlimited capacity of human beings to despoil everything they came into contact with. Perhaps her mum was right. Maybe she was a bit young to be taking such a bleak outlook on the world. She peered at her reflection, which stared back from the murky depths of the pond. Her dark hair had grown out to a decent length at last and her mood brightened as she continued to study her features. She was hardly blossoming into womanhood, but at least she felt like she had a decent point to start from.
‘Big Issue please? Big Issue?’
The voice filtered through her thoughts and grappled for her attention. She had no idea how long she had been looking at herself for. She raised her head, but was again disappointed to find that it was not Zeus, but another man who had set up stall outside a shop selling skimpy lingerie and adult DVDs. Angelina wasn’t sure he was aiming for the right clientele. 
‘This is stupid,’ she thought. ‘What am I waiting here for? He doesn’t know I’m here. He’s probably not even thinking about me.’
She got to her feet and shuffled her way back down the High Street feeling gloomy once more. As she passed McDonalds she suddenly heard a screechy voice cry out, followed by a mocking laugh. She could tell Chardonnay Willis’ voice a mile away and did not even give the girl the satisfaction of acknowledgement, turning instead into the department store opposite.
There was little in there that grabbed her attention, but she passed a few minutes over at the cosmetics counters trying on foundations and eye shadows. Her mother had always had make-up she could play with, but it was all a bit much; iridescent nail polish and perma-tan blusher that made her positively glow on occasion. Angelina had too much of her father in her; fair skin and dark hair that required a more subtle touch. All the other girls at school wore make-up to varying degrees. Some preferred thick eyeliner and a dab of lipstick, while others – Chardonnay and her mates especially – slapped it on like wallpaper paste and looked more like a posse of clowns than anything else.
Angelina did not believe in buying anything unless she really liked it and since her tastes seemed to take her to the higher end of the price brackets she normally went without. Which was fine. Most children her age would have screamed and stamped their feet until their parents had given in, but Angelina and her mother had come to a silent understanding. Stamping her feet would not magically make money appear and Angelina had to be content with what she had.
Just then Angelina’s mobile bleeped. It had to be her mother, since she was the only person Angelina had given her number to. She’d had the phone for nearly a year; her mum had bought it for her so that she could keep in contact without leaving reams of messages stuck to the fridge. The two of them saw so little of one another that they probably spoke more on the phone than they did face to face. Angelina opened the message and read it. Her mum was not going to be home that night. This came as quite a shock to Angelina. Her mum had not stayed away from home since the divorce, though some nights she did get back in the early hours of the morning. There was no reason given in the message, but Angelina guessed that there must be a man involved somewhere. She didn’t really want to know. She’d had her fill of father figures.
She left the shop and stomped off down the High Street determined to go home and veg out for the remainder of the afternoon. She was so lost in her thoughts that she almost walked straight past the man she had come all the way into town to find.
‘Hey Angelina, hey!’
She looked up into Zeus’ beaming face and couldn’t suppress a smile. 
‘Hey,’ she replied. ‘How’s it going?’
‘Good thanks,’ said Zeus. ‘Look who I brought along to meet you.’
Curled up on a rug at his feet was a young Belgian Shepherd, perhaps two years old. Its ears were pricked up and its pink tongue lolled out of its mouth as it panted away happily.
‘Oh he’s gorgeous,’ said Angelina, kneeling down and ruffling the dog’s hair playfully. Its tail wagged away. ‘What’s his name? It is a he, isn’t it?’
‘Think so,’ replied Zeus taking a sidelong look at the dog’s backside. ‘I just call him Dog.’
‘Dog? That’s not a name.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You can’t call a dog, Dog.’
‘Why not?’
‘Why? Well… well… it’s like calling me Girl.’
‘Oh, I see. What should I call him then?’
‘I don’t know, a normal name.’
‘Like John?’
‘Err… no.’
‘Kevin?’
‘Kevin the dog. Are you having a laugh?’
‘What then?’
‘Something sensible like Max or Charlie or Sam.’
‘How about Judas?’
‘Judas? Hmm. That might work. But you’d be better off shortening it to Jude.’
‘No, it would have to be Judas.’
‘OK then, Judas. It’s a damn sight better than Kevin.’
Angelina offered Judas her hand, which he licked inquisitively.
‘What have you been up to today Angelina Marsh?’ asked Zeus. It seemed odd for him to use her full name, but then again there was little about Zeus that could be considered ordinary. He was clothed exactly as before and had a scruffy dog-end of a cigarette sticking out of the corner of his mouth.
‘Not a lot,’ said Angelina shyly. ‘Just looking around the shops, that’s all.’
‘Really?’ said Zeus taking the butt of the cigarette and extinguishing it on his hand as he had done before, which made Angelina flinch. ‘Is that what you do with your weekends?’
‘Not normally,’ she mumbled. ‘Doesn’t that hurt?’
Zeus looked from the cigarette butt to the palm of his hand and back again.
‘Nah, I’ve had this scar ages and I can’t feel a thing on it.’
He held his hand out for her to take a look at. The scar was circular and right in the centre of his palm. Angelina caught a whiff of booze on it. She felt like asking him what it was like to be homeless and how he got by day after day, where he slept at night and how he afforded to eat, when he obviously smoked and drank a lot. So many questions, but all of them seemed inappropriate, especially when the person in question had such a bright and sunny disposition.
‘Can I have another magazine?’ she asked eventually.
‘You bought this issue yesterday,’ said Zeus with a smile.
‘Yes, but I want another one.’
‘Why?’
‘Well… I can see that you’ve got a family to support,’ said Angelina looking at Judas, who let out a friendly yelp.
‘Oh, he’s well cared for,’ replied Zeus. ‘But if you insist, then thank you.’
‘No, thank you,’ said Angelina giving a little curtsey.
‘Enjoy the rest of the day,’ said Zeus.
‘Yes, you too.’
Zeus raised his eyebrows and Angelina immediately felt guilty for saying it.
‘I mean… I hope that you, I mean I wish… I…’
Zeus gave her a warm and caring smile.
‘God bless you Angelina Marsh,’ he said.

Angelina walked home, again unable to think about anything else. Her heart was filled with compassion for Zeus and she wondered how such a kind and charming man could end up wandering the streets. It seemed a cruel fate, yet Zeus did not appear to harbour any resentment towards other people for it. She thought about her own life and how pathetic all her troubles were in comparison. She was certain that if their positions in life were reversed then she would not be able to keep such a happy outlook.
She managed to laze around the flat until seven o’clock before she finally got fed up with the inane drivel that the TV companies insisted on forcing upon her. Taking a light jacket she left the flat and began walking down Eastbury Road in the direction of the Arches. The Arches lay to the south of Watford centre, forming the meeting point of the local and main line railways. The two lines skirted to the west and east of the large retail park, and then large viaducts carried them over the main roads before they met at Bushey train station (which incidentally was nowhere near Bushey). Beneath the viaducts and through the retail parks wound the road system that connected Watford town centre with the suburbs to the south. At the best of times this meeting of road and rail was a busy hub of activity. At its worst, it was a painful bottleneck that caused endless queues stretching away in all directions. Angelina remembered when the council had dug up the stretch of the Lower High Street that linked the Arches to the retail park the previous year. It had caused chaos on the roads for several days, but at least it had made the walk into town a lot easier.
The layout of Watford’s roads had always struck Angelina as being a little odd. It was a bit like someone had made a jigsaw puzzle of the town as they wanted it, but then couldn’t put it back together again, so had started jamming the pieces together willy-nilly. Despite a complex series of one-way systems and a ring road encircling most of the town centre, the whole thing never flowed quite as well as it promised and situations of complete gridlock were not unheard of. It made walking easily the best method of getting around.
Angelina walked under the branch line bridge and stopped beside a phone box on the corner, which for some reason always had its privacy glass smashed. An express train rumbled over the main viaduct and Angelina turned to follow its progress as the little lights in the carriages illuminated the occupants on their way back from central London. As the train disappeared out of sight her gaze was drawn to the hulking mass of the bridge. The council had spent a lot of time the previous year ‘pigeon-proofing’ the area in order to clean up the mess that accumulated beneath it. It had been a moderately successful venture, but when they had finished it, they had then done something rather odd. They had filled in the main arch that straddled the roundabout.
No one appeared to know why. There didn’t seem to be any good reason for them to do so, other than to provide the local youths with a fresh canvas to fill with graffiti. This was certainly not the artful work that one might occasionally see in a large city. ‘Dan 4 Jenny’ and ‘Ben iz gay’ were about as sophisticated as it got. There were also a number of illegible tags from serial offenders as well as several crude images of people performing sexual acts. When viewed in isolation some of it was quite funny, but as far as creating a pleasant urban environment went, it did very little.
The one additional curiosity was a small green door right in the centre of the new wall. The paint was already getting tatty, mostly due to the use of sharp instruments to scratch further obscenities into it. Predictably, someone had seen fit to include it as the nether regions on a large image of a naked woman. Comical, perhaps, yet still a mystery.

Angelina leant back against the only side of the phone box that still had glass in it and sighed. Behind her the lights of the Mercedes showroom cast their sterile glow on to the scene.
‘There’s got to be more to life than this place,’ she thought.
Watford was the only town she had ever lived in. She had been fortunate enough to go abroad on a couple of occasions when she had been a bit younger, but she had not been old enough to appreciate anything of the different cultures. Half the adverts on TV nowadays showed images of pristine white beaches and enticing azure waters, which were a world away from the concrete and brick jungle she was used to. No one would ever have thought to call Watford a pretty town. True, it had a number of small areas of parkland, but nothing to make it stand out like the centre of London, or Oxford, or York. It did mean that there was a distinct lack of tourists in the area, which allowed the locals to go about their business unhindered, doing what they did best; shopping and drinking.
Angelina had only been into the town centre on a handful of weekend evenings. These had been special occasions when she and her parents had eaten out. She remembered vividly walking out into the High Street at half past ten to see crowds of girls dolled up in microscopic skirts and six inch heels. Groups young of men walked in broad lines chanting football songs and shouting crude and suggestive remarks at the girls. It had shocked her at the time, but she now knew that it was the norm and accepted that she too would probably be the same when she reached their age.
‘There’s got to be more to life.’
This time she said it out loud. Almost as soon as the words had left her lips something caught her attention. Someone had crossed over from the far side of the road and was walking across the roundabout, heading for the green door. The person stopped on the threshold and gave a shrill whistle. A second later the dark shape of a dog shot past her and across the road to the person’s heel. Then the door was opened and the cool light from within cast the unmistakable silhouette of Zeus into sharp relief. Angelina opened her mouth to call out, but the door was closed before she uttered a sound. The scene was exactly as it had been a few moments before.
Angelina rubbed her eyes. Surely she must be seeing things. She had been thinking about Zeus a lot, but was her imagination finally getting the best of her? She stood for several minutes waiting for something to happen, but nothing did save a few cars passing by and another train clattering overhead, this time on the branch line. Eventually, curiosity got the better of her and she ventured onto the roundabout herself. 
It felt strange, alien even, to be standing there, where few people ever thought to tread. Inside the ring of kerbstones the ground was soft, bare earth. The dark walls of the arches reared up from its midst, painting a dark silhouette against the evening sky. Suddenly, the bright lights of a taxi picked her out as it passed by and Angelina instinctively flattened her body against the wall in a vain attempt to conceal herself. 
‘Stupid,’ she thought as soon as it was gone. She was not doing anything wrong. She just felt a little silly standing on a roundabout in clear view of anyone who happened to pass by. She slapped herself mentally and told herself to get a grip. Then she turned her attention to the door. Everything had happened so quickly that she wanted confirmation that she had not imagined it. 
The ground close by was covered in footprints of different sizes, but leading away from the door in particular was a well-trodden path of sorts. Nothing strange in that perhaps. It would be sensible to expect that the door was in use; it had been put there for a reason, though what lay behind it was anyone’s guess. She looked around a bit more and found a trail of paw-prints that led back towards where she had been standing.
‘Better,’ she thought. ‘At least the dog was real.’
She began to examine the door. There was nothing particularly special about it. In fact despite being less than a year old it looked as though it had been there an age. The paint was peeling from the gaps between the wooden panelling and there was already a small amount of rust on the barrel hinges and around the keyhole. Angelina put her eye up to it but could not see anything at all. There was, however, a soft glow emanating from beneath the door that only served to deepen her curiosity. She raised her hand to knock on the door, but then checked herself. Why was she about to do this? She barely even knew this person. What would she say if he answered? Probably something along the lines of; ‘Hi… err… I just saw you go in here and hoped you were OK... you are? Oh. Great. Err… well, nice seeing you again. Take care. Bye.’
She bit her lip and stared at the door a moment longer. ‘Stupid,’ she thought again. And she headed home.

During the following week Angelina planned each night to linger near the Arches and attempt to ‘bump’ into Zeus as he walked by. However, due to circumstances both good and bad, she failed on every occasion.
First off, she got a detention for failing to hand in an essay on time. It was a minor oversight on her part and one that she could resolve without any problems, but it took up a substantial portion of her Monday evening and by the time she reached the Arches there was already a glow coming from under the door, and she had to assume that Zeus had already made it there. 
The rest of the week was taken up with unexpected time spent with her mother. For the first time in ages the two of them managed to spend a number of evenings together enjoying one another’s company over dinner and relaxing in front of the TV watching borrowed DVDs. This made Angelina happy, and for a while she quite forgot her obsession with Zeus. It turned out that Angelina’s suspicions had been right and that her mum had indeed been seeing a new man, who had managed to convince her to pack in her bar work and start having a social life again. His name was Derek, and for all her misgivings Angelina could not help but feel a little grateful towards him, since her mum was obviously a lot happier than she had been for a number of years.
On the Friday night Derek came over for dinner. For him to have convinced her mother to cut her income in favour of a social life, Angelina expected a well-mannered man in a steady job, who might even be able to offer a degree of support to them both financially. She was in for a bit of a shock.
Angelina answered the door when Derek arrived and was faced with a man so enormous that the two of them could not physically pass in the hallway. He may have been a shade under six feet but Derek more than made up for it in body mass. His biceps were the size of Angelina’s head and his chest was far larger than she hoped hers would ever be. He had no discernable neck; rather a pair of large shrugs that tapered into the back of his head, which was clean-shaven to the extent that it could have been waxed and polished in the Mercedes showroom.
Angelina took a disliking to him almost immediately, not least because he paid little heed to her upon entering the flat and then proceeded to grope her mother’s backside in full view of her. The conversation over dinner was sporadic and awkward to say the least. Angelina’s mum explained that Derek was a freelance security guard, who worked at various events during the week and club doors on the weekend. It turned out that they had met when Derek had been working as a bouncer at the same bar that her mum had been working at. They had been seeing each other for a little over two weeks, which was hardly anything in Angelina’s mind, and had already made plans for a weekend away the following month. Angelina’s contribution to the conversation was almost the same as that which she normally reserved for Mrs Adcock; nods and grunts of acknowledgement. Still, it was rather more than Derek seemed capable of. The most he managed was a couple of suggestive remarks about her mother that Angelina pretended not to hear.
She escaped to her room as soon as dinner was over and lay on her bed staring up at the ceiling, trying to ignore the loud noises that had almost immediately started coming from the lounge. Quite what her mum was doing with such a brainless Neanderthal, Angelina could only guess. More worrying though, was how she had been convinced to give up her evening work by a man who worked evenings himself!
Still, another weekend beckoned and after the highs and lows of the week she turned her thoughts back to the man who had previously sparked such curiosity in her mind.

Zeus was in his usual spot the next day with Judas dozing happily at his feet. He greeted Angelina in his usual cheery way and she bought a copy of the Big Issue from him. 
‘So, what have you been up to all week, young Angelina?’ he asked as he rolled up a cigarette and searched about for a lighter. 
‘Oh not a lot,’ said Angelina with a sigh. ‘My mum’s got a new man who’s a bit of a prick, and I got kept behind at school for not doing some of my homework.’
She looked up at Zeus, but he seemed to be trying to attract the attention of a passer-by.
‘ ‘scuse….? ‘scuse me mate? You got a light?’
He waved his cigarette at a man who was walking by, who nervously reached into his pocket and handed him a lighter, before scuttling away when he was done.
‘Cheers buddy!’ called Zeus after him and turned back to Angelina. ‘What a nice man. Oh, beg pardon, you were speaking.’
‘It was nothing,’ said Angelina. ‘Boring week, that’s all.’
‘Oh,’ said Zeus. ‘Shame.’
‘I did see you on Sunday though,’ she added after a moment’s thought.
‘I know you did. ‘twas the day you taught me about the naming of dogs.’
‘No, later than that,’ Angelina replied.
‘Oh.’
‘Down by the Arches. You… err… went into them.’
‘Oh,’ said Zeus again. ‘So now you know where I live then. Well I guess that is all right.’
‘Hang on a minute,’ said Angelina. ‘You live there?’
‘Of course,’ replied Zeus.
‘But… but how can you live there? I mean… how can you stand living there?’
Zeus looked taken aback. ‘What do you mean?’
‘Well, the trains for a start. They must shake your teeth out when they go overhead.’
Zeus pulled a funny expression as though he was counting his teeth with his tongue. 
‘Nah, I think they’re all there,’ he said a moment later. ‘And it’s not so bad. I barely notice them now.’
‘What about the traffic?’
‘What about it?’
‘There’s no way off that roundabout except across the road.’
‘That’s what makes it a…’
‘You know what I mean,’ said Angelina sternly. She was beginning to find his nonchalance exasperating. ‘I mean there’s no crossing or traffic lights to help you cross.’
‘Ah, but the traffic’s normally so bad that I can just walk between the cars.’
‘Yes, but what about Judas? He doesn’t understand roads and it can’t be good for him to live in a place that’s surrounded by one.’
‘Well, I guess not. But dogs are pretty smart animals y’know. Not far off humans.’
‘I think any animal that licks it’s own genitals still has a fair way to go,’ said Angelina.
Zeus laughed. It was a full and honest laugh.
‘I suppose you’re right,’ he said, clapping her on the shoulder. ‘Listen Angelina, you’re welcome to come and see it some time. It may not be much, but for the time being I call it home.’
A cautionary thought entered the back of Angelina’s head and swirled around for a moment before being quashed by her curiosity.
‘I’d like that,’ she replied.
‘Well then, any time the light is on just give me a knock.’

Angelina left him with a spring in her step. There were still so many things that puzzled her about Zeus, but now she could see the opportunity to get to know him better and maybe get some of her questions answered. She decided not to go round that evening or the next. Something inside her, pride perhaps, did not wish for her to seem too needy. She spent the rest of the weekend catching up on her studies, which she had allowed to slip whilst spending time with her mum.
School continued to provide her with little inspiration that week. She paid attention as much as she could, but her mind was all too often drawn to her impending visit to Zeus’ ‘house’. A myriad of thoughts tumbled through her head.
When should she go?
What time?
How long should she stay for?
What should she wear?
Christ! It was becoming an obsession!
By the end of Tuesday she had decided that she could not wait any longer. She left school as soon as the final bell went and hurried down Wiggenhall Road and up Deacons Hill to her flat. She went straight to her bedroom and began pulling clothes out of her wardrobe. She laid them out on the bed and stood back and tried to work out what was most appropriate. She decided on jeans instead of a skirt, but what with? She had strappy tops, t-shirts and jumpers, but none seemed appropriate. She returned to her wardrobe and discovered after further rummaging that there was a long sleeve top hanging up that she had completely forgotten about. It was neither too smart nor too casual, and she knew that there was a belt that matched somewhere.
She was just putting her other clothes away when the front door went and she heard her mother call out.
‘Damn it!’ she thought. ‘Of all the nights for you to get home early.’
There was a knock on her door and her mother’s face appeared round it.
‘Hi darling!’ she said cheerily. ‘I’ve managed to get off work early and I have the whole evening free.’
‘Really?’ said Angelina, trying to hide her annoyance.
‘Yes. I thought we could order a pizza or something and have a nice evening in.’
‘Is Derek coming round?’
‘No, he’s working tonight,’ said her mum. ‘Listen Angel, I really enjoyed the time we spent together last week and I want to keep it up.’
‘There go my plans,’ thought Angelina.
Out loud she said, ‘That would be great.’
And so another evening went by and another long school day had to be endured, which included an afternoon of PE that left her sweaty and tired after a tough game of hockey. She enjoyed playing, but had never seen fit to apply herself to it in a way that would show her true potential. She was happy being average, at that at least.
She went straight home again at the end of the day and immediately jumped into the shower. She could not be sure that her mum wouldn’t surprise her again by arriving home early, so when she got out she stuck some food in the microwave and began getting ready. Her clothes were all ready for her in the wardrobe and it was not long before she was dressed and fed and on her way out of the door.
It was half past five, which was clearly far too early to be heading round to see Zeus, especially with the queues of rush hour traffic snaking back up Eastbury Road. She decided to take a wander down through Oxhey Park, to the river that flowed along at the bottom of the hill. There wasn’t much to look at down there, despite an optimistic nature board highlighting the various forms of wildlife that supposedly lived on its banks. They would have been better off adding shopping trolleys, condoms and suchlike to the list, since they were far more common than any species of waterfowl.
Still, it was pleasant enough and she wandered aimlessly along its banks for about a quarter of a mile, until she came to a playing field with some swings and a seesaw in it. She sat on one of the swings for a while, watching the offspring of a girl not much older than she was running wildly around screaming and laughing. The sun was still quite warm, and as she swung back and forth she enjoyed its gentle touch on her face. She closed her eyes and leant back, holding the chains of the swing as she had done when she was younger, and for a while let all her worries fall away. She was as carefree as a toddler, swinging back and forth with nothing save the next change in motion to think about. It was bliss.
Before she knew it, it was quarter to seven and the sun was dipping behind the chimneys of the nearest houses. She looked around her and saw that the roads had quietened down, and she decided it was time to go. She started walking, and as she went she suddenly found that she had a strange feeling in the depths of her stomach. She couldn’t quite figure it out. Was it nerves? Surely not. She had chatted with Zeus on several occasions and never once had she felt anything other than relaxed. She tried to ignore it, but the feeling grew as she neared the Arches, and by the time she was close enough to see the light shining from under the door she had almost changed her mind about the whole idea.
She stopped by the battered phone box and composed herself. There was still some traffic around, but the glow from under the door was too enticing to ignore, and once she had got her head back into line she waited for a decent sized gap before crossing the road and heading straight for it. Before her mind had a chance for any more second thoughts she had rapped her knuckles on the green paintwork. There was the muffled sound of a dog barking and her heart began beating like a tom-tom. She reached out a hand to steady herself, and at that moment the door swung open a short way and Zeus’ friendly face appeared.
‘Heya!’ he said smiling. ‘I thought you’d be round tonight. I got home early and made some supper. Come on in!’
Breathless with anticipation, Angelina stepped across the threshold and into the cool yellow light that lay beyond. It took a moment before her eyes could fully take in her new surroundings, but once they did her mouth fell open.
She had expected little more than a shed. Perhaps a room containing maintenance equipment for the railway lines. She could not have got it more wrong. What lay before her was as close to a brand new show home as she had ever come across. From the modern laminate floor and fittings, to the vast arch of brickwork that formed the ceiling, everything about it was exquisitely finished. True, it was not very large, perhaps fourteen by ten metres in total, but the addition of an extra half storey that sat about the kitchen, and what was presumably the bathroom, really helped to add some character to it. Leading to the upper level was a wooden spiral staircase in the far corner that looked for all the world as though it had been hand carved from a single tree trunk. In fact, many of the fittings looked like they had been hand made; from the mock fireplace to the ancient-looking wooden table that formed the centrepiece of the downstairs room.
Angelina’s mouth hung gormlessly open as she took it all in. Meanwhile Zeus had gone over to the kitchen area to where a kettle was boiling on the side next to several bottles of mineral water.
‘Tea?’ he asked, seemingly oblivious to Angelina’s awe.
‘Yes please,’ she replied blankly. ‘Milk, no sugar.’
‘Right you are.’
Zeus made two cups and set them down on the large table. He motioned for Angelina to take a seat.
‘So, what do you think?’ he asked when she had taken a sip of her drink.
Angelina looked at him with a rather bemused expression on her face. 
‘I don’t understand,’ came the reply. ‘This place is… and you’re a… I don’t get it,’ she finished lamely.
‘OK, but do you like it?’ said Zeus, changing tack slightly.
‘Like it?’ repeated Angelina. ‘It’s fantastic. It’s unbelievable. I never expected this. Not in a million years.’
‘I’m glad,’ he said. ‘It has taken a little time to get it to this state, but I am happy with it.’
‘Zeus, I don’t understand,’ said Angelina again. ‘You sell the Big Issue on the High Street. You dress… well you dress oddly, it would be fair to say. I thought you were homeless when I first met you, then when you told me you lived here I thought you must be squatting. I never expected this.’
‘It’s interesting you should say that,’ said Zeus. ‘Appearances, it would seem, count for everything in this world. Was it just the way I looked that brought you to the conclusion that I was homeless?’
‘And the way you stink of booze, and the dog, and just the fact that you sell the Big Issue. It’s what anyone would assume.’
‘I see,’ said Zeus. 
Then a thought struck Angelina.
‘Hey,’ she said. ‘There’s sort of an urban myth going round that there was some millionaire chap, who left his job and started selling the Big Issue in the centre of London. I never believed it, but now I’m not so sure. Are you that man?’
‘No indeed,’ said Zeus with a smile. ‘I am a simple man from a more traditional trade. But please, do not trouble yourself with this too much now. There will be plenty of time to find out more about me at a later date. Please, enjoy my hospitality.’
He got up and walked back to the kitchen, where he began wrestling a tray of baked goods out of the oven. As Angelina continued to gaze dreamily around the room, she noticed an LCD TV on the far wall showing a tranquil scene of a waterfall in the middle of a rainforest. Turning round she saw another near the door depicting a stretch of sandy coastline with azure waters gently breaking and a flock of pelicans gliding along the beach. Looking up, she saw a third, much larger screen on the wall to her left, facing the upper floor opposite. Angelina’s head was spinning. Was it all real? Something nudged her leg and she looked under the table to see Judas’ happy face staring back at her. She reached down and he licked her hands as she ruffled his fur. 
‘Come on now Judas, leave her be,’ said Zeus, returning to the table with a tray of cookies and a plate with multi-coloured slices of cake on it.
‘Angel layer cake,’ he said with a wink.
Angelina smiled.
They sat and ate for a while, not speaking except to comment on the food. When they were done, Zeus asked if she would like to see upstairs. Angelina nodded. He led her up the spiral staircase to the upper level, where a sofa sat looking directly at the massive TV on the far wall. The roof began its broad sweep across the room, intruding a little into the headroom, but all in all it was a very neat solution to the lack of floor space.
‘It folds out into a bed,’ said Zeus pointing at the sofa, which had a couple of rather girly cushions on it. ‘I thought it made the best use of space.’
‘It’s great,’ said Angelina peering over the low railing down to the floor below. Judas, who was now curled up on a beanbag in the corner of the room looked up and gave a small yelp.
‘Listen,’ said Zeus. ‘Thank you so much from coming over, but you had best be getting back. I don’t want your mum worrying about you.’
‘Oh she won’t be in for ages yet,’ said Angelina.
‘Still, school tomorrow and all that. Please come again soon.’
They headed back downstairs, but as Zeus reached out to open the door for her Angelina held up her hand. 
‘Zeus, please, tell me who you are.’
‘Another time perhaps,’ he replied and showed her out. ‘Thank you again,’ he added, then the door was closed and Angelina found herself standing in the dim light of the street lamps in the middle of the roundabout.
She trudged home slowly, her mind struggling to piece together all that had just happened.

The rest of the week proved a complete write-off at school, for Angelina could think of little else aside from her evening with Zeus. None of her questions had been answered and a million and one others had been added to the list.
Another ‘talk’ with Mrs Adcock at the end of Friday passed without Angelina really knowing what had been said, such was the state of preoccupation in her mind. That evening she again tried to piece together the puzzle that was Zeus. The man had all the appearance of a tramp, but lived in an immaculate house that was situated in possibly the most bizarre location she had ever come across. It was well appointed with all mod cons, yet he chose to sell the Big Issue in the centre of Watford. What was his deal? Why choose to live such a double life? It was not as if his appearance changed when he was at home. The only difference had been that the stupid beanie had disappeared and his dreadlocks had been tied back in a sort of ponytail. So much of it did not add up.
She eventually went to bed fed up of thinking about it and resolved to go round the following evening and get some answers.

It just so happened that Derek had managed to get the Saturday night off work and that he and Angelina’s mum planned to have an evening in together. That made it all the more easy for Angelina to leave that night and at half past six she made her excuses and left the house. She had paid slightly less attention to her appearance this time round, since she was no longer feeling any nerves and wished to appear more laid back and casual.
She walked down to the Arches, and when she saw that there was no light on she headed round towards the retail park, which was the most direct route into town. She wandered past all the garages and furniture stores, and had almost made it to Watford High Street station when Judas appeared from nowhere and started jumping around her excitedly. She looked around and saw Zeus walking down from the traffic lights on the ring road, waving at her. She waved back. 
‘Hi Zeus,’ she said as he approached.
‘Good evening young lady,’ he replied. ‘Again I sensed that you might be round this evening so I got some food from Sainsbury’s for us.’
She looked at the bags he was carrying. He had sensed that she would be round? Things were becoming more and more curious. They began walking back through the retail park towards the Arches.
‘A good couple of days?’ Zeus asked her as they passed the Nissan garage.
‘Not bad,’ Angelina replied. ‘A bit boring really. Mum’s got her new man round tonight so I had to go somewhere. How about you?’
‘Sold out today,’ replied Zeus. ‘I think Watford may have won a match or something, so there was a late flourish of good will.’
Angelina smiled.
‘What did you get for dinner?’ she asked.
‘Bangers and mash, and something special for pudding. But I can’t show you yet.’
‘Why not?’
‘It’s a surprise.’
‘Oh…’
‘You know it never ceases to amaze me,’ Zeus continued. They were about to pass the Saab garage and were nearly back at his house.
‘Yes?’
‘This bloody path has more holes in it than all my clothes put together. It seems like as soon as the council identifies a job that needs doing they just go right ahead and start ripping up the pavement without any thought about the major gas works that may be due in six months time. So we get left with this ridiculous patchwork across all our pavements. The roads look just as bad too.’
‘I’d never really noticed,’ said Angelina.
‘When you walk along here every day it soon comes to your attention. Anyway, we’re here now. All we need is a gap in the traffic and…’
He held his hand up at a car that had just pulled onto the roundabout and they crossed. The driver shouted something rude out of the window, but they ignored him. Zeus fumbled for some keys in his pocket and opened the door. It was dark inside, but at the flick of a switch a series of up-lighters came on and cast a nice ambient glow around the room. Zeus immediately set to work getting dinner ready and they made small talk as they waited for it to cook.
Angelina enjoyed eating dinner without a TV in front of her and continued to tell Zeus about her frustrations with school and her general apathy for the consumer culture that the media tried to force upon her. When they had finished the main course Zeus brought out a piping hot chocolate sponge pudding with ice cream, which caused all conversation to stop completely while they savoured its goodness. When they were done they both sat back with satisfied smiles. After a couple of minutes Angelina opened her mouth to speak, but Zeus beat her to it.
‘I know what you are going to say,’ he asked. ‘You have so many questions and I have been cruelly guarding my answers from you.’
Angelina nodded. She suddenly felt quite tense, as though a great conspiracy was about to be uncovered. It seemed as though Judas could sense her nerves and he came and nuzzled her hands affectionately.
‘You asked who I was last time you were here,’ Zeus continued. ‘Let me show you.’
He reached forwards across the table with both palms facing upwards. Angelina immediately noticed that his left hand had a scar in the centre just like his right. Slowly he turned his hands over and she then saw that there were matching scars on the back of them, as though something had once pierced straight through them. A sudden chill shot down Angelina’s back and she recoiled from the table.
‘If I were to tell you that I had matching ones on my feet…’ said Zeus.
There was a long pause, while a sense of incomprehensible realisation began to creep over Angelina.
‘… then I would ask you to show me your side,’ she said. 
Slowly Zeus lifted up his jumper and the t-shirt underneath it. Just beneath his ribs on one side was an even larger scar. Angelina nearly fell off her chair.
‘Oh my g… I mean… you’re…’
‘Jesus Christ,’ finished Zeus.

Angelina fled back up the hill with tears streaming down her face. It was the only thing she could think of doing. She did not stop running until she had reached her room and shut the door behind her. She threw herself onto her bed and sobbed to herself for hours, until there were no more tears left to cry. Then she lay staring vacantly at the ceiling, while her mind wrestled endlessly with what had been put before her.
She must be going mad. He must be a figment of her imagination. The man, the house, even the dog just couldn’t exist. But what if it did? What if it was all true and she really had just eaten bangers and mash with the Son of God? What on earth did that mean?
She buried her head under her pillow and tried to block out the world. She hated it and wanted it to go away. Or maybe she didn’t hate it. Maybe she was just afraid because she didn’t understand. Try as she might she could not switch her mind off. Angelina had never been a particularly religious person. Her parents had taken her to church when she was younger, but she had only really tolerated it, and in any case they had stopped going years before they had split up. Maybe that was where it had all gone wrong.
It was long past midnight when her mind finally gave in and she fell into a fitful slumber.

When she awoke the following morning she was surprised to find that her mind was surprisingly clear. Perhaps subconsciously she had come to some kind of decision, but in any case she knew what had to be done. She needed to get some proof. She set of into town full of determination and within fifteen minutes she was walking up the High Street and could hear his voice.
‘BIIIG ISSUE… and roll angels bring thyn hard rock hallelujah BIG ISSUE sir?’
She stomped up the pavement and stood, arms crossed, in front of him.
‘I need proof,’ she said bluntly.
Zeus peered down at her and took a long slow draw on his cigarette. 
‘Proof?’ he repeated. ‘Angelina, trust what your heart is telling you and you will need no proof. Come round later when you have thought it through some more.’
And that was the end of the matter. Three words were all she had managed. His manner of address had not been patronising or condescending in any way. He had simply told her what she was going to do and that had been that. 
She wandered back from town and headed to Riverside Park, the one she had visited the evening she had first gone round to Zeus’ house, and sat on one of the swings for several hours trying to listen to her heart. It was not easy. Her mind kept interrupting. The logic and reason upon which she based so many of her decisions no longer seemed relevant. Over and over she went through things, but she did not seem to get very far. Eventually frustration overcame her and she wandered home. Her mother was not in, which was no real surprise. She flicked on the TV to find golf playing on BBC1. It was just the sort of mindless viewing that she needed. For three whole hours it went on; hole after tedious hole of it. When it finally came to an end it was announced that Songs of Praise would follow and she knew it was time to get her act together.
She took a long shower, cleaning all her doubts away and feeling determined to start afresh. Then she got dressed and headed on down to the Arches. She knew he would be in. Something inside her told her so. When he answered her knocks at the door she did not immediately bombard him with questions, but sat down quietly and accepted his offer of a cup of tea. She observed with mild interest that the bottles of mineral water lining the sideboard appeared to have multiplied. They sat in silence for a while, sipping away, neither in any hurry to push for conversation. Finally, when the last remnants of the tea were getting cold in the bottom of her cup, Angelina plucked up the courage to speak.
‘I’ve been thinking,’ she said slowly and deliberately. ‘And I’ve got some questions.’
‘Fire away,’ said Zeus sitting back and pulling a rolled up cigarette from behind his ear. ‘You don’t mind…?’
Angelina shook her head.
‘OK, here goes,’ she said. ‘What was my father’s full name?’
Zeus rocked back on his chair with a broad smile on his face. ‘Mr David John Marsh,’ he replied.
Angelina nodded slowly. ‘And what did he do for a living?’
‘He was an accountant, and quite a good one at that.’
Angelina’s face brightened slightly.
‘What was his favourite football team?’
‘Arsenal, which made him a popular man around here.’
‘OK, and what caused him to split up with my mother?’
‘He cheated on her.’
‘Right,’ she said nodding. ‘Let’s try something else. What is the capital of Mozambique?’
Zeus laughed loudly. ‘Angelina Marsh, I did not need to prove myself to Satan and I do not need to prove myself to you. That’s why it’s called ‘faith’, you know.’
‘Oh go on,’ said Angelina smiling herself now. ‘Just one more.’
Zeus looked at her kindly. ‘Just one more then.’
‘OK. Why do some people brush their teeth before eating breakfast?’
‘Oh,’ said Zeus frowning. ‘Oh dear. Umm… no, I think you’ve got me on that one.’
He shook his head and chuckled. Angelina laughed as well. It felt like the release of a thousand worries and doubts and she got to her feet and danced around the room in happiness.
‘I knew it,’ she said. ‘Deep down I knew it, even before you told me.’
‘I know you did,’ said Zeus. ‘Sometimes these things need a helping hand for people to realise them.’
‘Oh, but I’m so sorry for the way I was last night. I should not have run out on you like that.’
‘Not at all. In fact it was one of the better responses to that announcement that I’ve had. Most people just call me a blasphemer and start throwing rocks.’
Angelina sat down in the chair next to him and reached out towards his hands.
‘May I?’ she asked.
‘Go right ahead.’
She took his hands and ran her fingers slowly over the scars. They were smooth, and the pigment of the skin was different to that around them.
‘Can you really feel nothing there?’ she asked.
‘Not a thing,’ said Zeus.
‘Wow. What was it like?’
He looked at her sincerely through his deep brown eyes.
‘I couldn’t even describe it,’ he replied. ‘Like nothing else on earth.’
Angelina looked down at them again meekly. 
‘I’m sorry,’ she said. ‘It must be awful to see them every day and remember what happened.’
‘On the contrary, it is of utmost importance that I remember. It was the defining moment of my life, and indeed all the Christian faith. That is why I had the cross made into this table.’
‘What?’ cried Angelina recoiling so quickly she nearly fell off her chair. 
‘Well you must have wondered why I didn’t have a newer one,’ Zeus said with a faint smile. 
‘I… I did notice, but I had no idea… are those the real… err… nails?’ 
She pointed at one of the joints. 
‘The very ones,’ said Zeus. ‘Although it didn’t really need them to hold it together. I am a carpenter after all.’
Angelina looked at him sheepishly.
‘I hope I’m not being a pain, but I have more questions,’ she said.
‘Not at all,’ said Zeus. ‘Keep ‘em coming.’
Angelina smiled.
‘So, what does the Son of God have on his iPod?’
Zeus stared at her for a moment and then burst out laughing.
‘So much for the serious talk,’ he said, getting up and fetching it from a small table in the corner that also housed a PC. ‘Take a look for yourself.’
Angelina took from him and began flicking through the track listings.
‘Black Sabbath, Lamb of God, Judas Priest… Wow, I’d never have had you down as a heavy metal man.’
‘What did you think I’d be into?’
‘More sort of choirs and organs and hallelujahs. Kind of like church music.’
‘Christ no!’ said Zeus. ‘My father may be omnipotent, but he does have the most awful taste in music. Give me some of the devil’s music any day.’
Angelina frowned.
‘Did you…? Did you just swear?’
Zeus frowned too.
‘I don’t know,’ he said. ‘Is it still swearing when it’s your own name?’
Angelina shrugged.
‘I don’t know either. It’s so common round here that I don’t normally notice.’
She continued looking through the files on the iPod.
‘Hey, you’ve got Lostprophets.’
‘Yeah, I thought there were a few chaps I once knew who would be interested in them,’ said Zeus.
Angelina shook her head. It was all so bizarre. Zeus pulled out a packet of Rizla papers and some tobacco and began rolling another cigarette. Angelina watched him with interest.
‘Why do you do that to yourself?’ she found herself asking. She hoped it did not sound patronising, but Zeus did not look bothered.
‘I was kinda checking out the various temptations that people on earth get exposed to,’ he said. ‘I was beginning to get a little cynical about it all, but then I thought: How can you judge them if you haven’t tried it yourself? Turns out I’ve developed something of a habit.’
Angelina shook her head again and giggled.
‘What?’ said Zeus.
‘I’m sorry,’ said Angelina. There were tears at the corners of her eyes. ‘It’s just I never pictured my Lord and Saviour as a chain smoking metaller!’
Zeus shrugged his shoulders and lit his cigarette.
‘Appearances darling, they can be so deceiving.’

The rest of the evening went by in a bit of a blur. They chatted away about music and the world in general and before they knew it, it was past eleven o’clock.
‘Hey, you’d better be going,’ said Zeus once they had realised. 
‘I suppose so,’ said Angelina. ‘School tomorrow. Hurrah!’
‘You know it’s important,’ said Zeus sternly.
‘I know, but everything is going to seem so meaningless after tonight.’
‘Yes, but the world is still spinning out there and you should give yourself the best start possible in life.’
‘I know,’ said Angelina again and got up to go. At the doorway she paused.
‘Why Zeus?’ she asked.
‘If I went around telling people my name was Jesus they would probably run a mile,’ he replied. ‘I did think about Jay-Z but that was already taken.’
‘So is Zeus.’
‘Yeah, but that’s ancient history. Or mythology even. Anyway it comes from the pronunciation of my name in Spanish; Hey-Zyoos.’
‘Of course,’ said Angelina. ‘How silly of me. Well, thanks for a lovely evening.’
‘You’re welcome. Listen Angelina, I will be out and about a bit over the coming weeks, but by all means call round if you want a chat. I should not be gone for more than a day or two at a time.’
‘OK,’ said Angelina opening the door and stepping outside. ‘Thanks again.’
‘Cheerio,’ said Zeus.
Angelina closed the door and leant her back against it, her heart pounding. There was a smile on her face that could not be budged. She had a feeling inside of indescribable happiness and she just did not know what to do with it. She walked to the edge of the roundabout, but instead of crossing the road she felt a strange compulsion to run round it. There was little traffic around and she managed three laps before a car appeared. Even then she didn’t stop, and continued running up the hill towards her flat without a care in the world. When she reached the door to the block she still didn’t feel like stopping, but good sense finally prevailed and she went inside and closed the door behind her. She leapt up the two flights of stairs to the first floor and then regained her composure before quietly entering the flat. She did not know whether her mum was in, but she did not want to lose the feeling inside her and so she crept into her bedroom as silently as she could. With the door closed she lay on her bed until the early hours of the morning, a feeling of unbridled joy coursing through every inch of her body and soul.

The following day she woke and her smile was still there. For the whole of the next week she felt happier than she could remember and she found that her energy and attention span were vastly increased. 
She even began to participate in class, much to the surprise of her fellow pupils and the delight of Mrs Adcock. Her efforts during PE even prompted her teacher to invite Angelina to hockey practice after school on the Wednesday, and almost to her own astonishment, Angelina went along. It was as if she had woken from a long slumber and embraced the living world with open arms.
It was not until the following Sunday that she decided to go and see Zeus again. Despite her renewed focus on her studies she had still found time to reflect on their conversations, and every time she did so more questions arose that needed answering.
She popped round that evening, but Zeus did not appear to be at home. However, she could not be disheartened, and the next week continued in the same vein as the last. That Tuesday, with two further unsuccessful attempts at seeing Zeus under her belt, she was called into Mrs Adcock’s office. Their meetings had become almost a weekly event, but since Angelina had started putting more effort into her studies and was now outstripping the rest of her class by a country mile, the tone and content of them had changed.
‘Angelina I am so glad that you have managed to overcome your domestic hardships and are dedicating time to your studies.’
‘Domestic hardships?’ thought Angelina. Mrs Adcock really didn’t seem to have a clue about her personal circumstances, but that was nothing new. She smiled as sweetly as she could manage.
‘May I ask, what has prompted this sudden change of heart?’
Mrs Adcock’s question was as honest and to the point as they always were, but this one caught Angelina off guard. She had not expected to explain her new found hunger for life.
‘Err… I found Jesus,’ she said, thinking honesty was the best policy and hoping it did not sound too clichéd. Mrs Adcock was a devout Christian and all the school knew it. At any other time Angelina would have never dreamed of admitting to sharing anything in common with Mrs Adcock, but she now felt compelled to share this with her.
‘My dear girl, that’s wonderful!’ said Mrs Adcock. Angelina had never seen her genuinely happy before. It was a little unnerving. ‘Once you have accepted the Lord into your heart then the world suddenly takes on a whole different shape. I found Jesus myself when I was about your age, although I had been going to church my whole life.’
Angelina’s face brightened.
‘Really?’ she said. ‘Where did you find him?’
‘I’m sorry?’ said Mrs Adcock.
‘Jesus Miss, where did you find him?’
‘Why, in my heart, my dear. Where he had always been without my knowing.’
‘Oh,’ said Angelina frowning slightly. ‘Hmm…’
‘What’s the matter, my dear?’
‘Well, I found him under the Arches, over near the retail park,’ said Angelina.
Mrs Adcock looked taken aback.
‘I’m sorry,’ she said again. ‘Are you saying that is where you were when your heart discovered him?’
‘No, I was round his house having dinner,’ said Angelina in a matter-of-fact way. ‘He showed me his music collection.’
Mrs Adcock’s face broke into a deep scowl.
‘Angelina Marsh, it is not right to make fun of other people’s religions. You should know better than that.’
‘But I’m not Miss. I really saw him. He’s down the High Street most weekends selling the Big Issue.’
‘Angelina! If you say another word on the subject you’ll be in for a month’s worth of detention.’
‘But Miss!’
Mrs Adcock held up her hand and Angelina knew there was no point in further protest. The deputy head went on to tell her that she wished for Angelina to stay behind on Mondays and Thursdays for extra tuition. She said that the school had recognised her need to be stretched and extra time would be made available to help her get the most out of her studies. She also went on to talk about how a few select students sometimes took one or two of their GCSEs early if they showed the right level of ability.
Angelina listened politely, but her interest had waned following their disagreement and shades of the old Angelina had returned. She did her best to sound enthused when asked what she thought of the idea, but in reality her mind had already moved on to her next meeting with Zeus. 

It was beginning to get dark when she finally left the school and wandered back along Wiggenhall Road and up Deacons Hill towards her home. The sky was clouded with the threat of autumn’s late arrival, and as she walked through Oxhey Park at the top of the hill there was a sombre feeling in the air. She passed between the avenue of trees, and by the time she reached the door to the block of flats she had completely forgotten her conversation with Mrs Adcock. She went inside, changed out of her school uniform, and was back out of the door immediately, keen to see if Zeus was in. 
After her previous disappointments she was in luck this time. Light could be clearly seen coming from beneath the door, made all the more apparent by its absence on the previous days. When the traffic allowed she crossed onto the roundabout, but before she could even knock on the door it opened and Zeus almost knocked her over as he came out.
‘Blimey Angelina,’ he said, startled. 
‘Not expecting me this time?’ she asked, smiling sweetly.
‘Well not right at this moment, but this evening certainly.’
‘Oh,’ said Angelina taken aback. ‘Do you… err… shall I come back later?’
‘No, no,’ said Zeus closing the door behind him and locking it with an odd-shaped key. ‘As long as you don’t mind a quick wander down to Tesco’s?’
‘No, that’s fine.’
‘Cool,’ said Zeus. They crossed to the pavement and began walking back through the retail park in the direction of the superstore. ‘It’s just I’ve been out of the country for a couple of days and there’s not much food in the fridge.’
‘Where have you been?’ asked Angelina.
‘Italy mainly. Thought I’d pay the pope a visit and see how he’s getting on.’
‘And how is he?’
‘Oh he’s fine. Just causing a spot of friction with his ill-timed comments on religion and other international matters. The usual sort of thing. I was supposed to get back yesterday, but my flight got delayed, then cancelled, and I had to spend the night at Rome airport. Anyway, how about yourself?’
‘Me? Oh I’ve been good,’ said Angelina. ‘Actually I’ve been more than good. I can’t remember a time when I had so much energy and motivation. I mean, I’ve actually been paying attention in class and have been putting some serious effort into my homework.’
‘I’m glad to hear it,’ said Zeus. ‘It is important that you aim to reach your full potential.’
‘That’s what everyone says,’ replied Angelina. ‘It’s just I never felt the urge until now. I’ve even started participating more in PE, which is unheard of. And it’s all thanks to you.’
‘Me? Nah, all we did was have a bit of a chat, nothing more. All these negative thoughts are just up here,’ Zeus tapped his temple with his forefinger. ‘It was all down to you Angelina.’
There was a pause while she considered this.
‘Well then,’ she said eventually. ‘Thanks for the chat.’

They arrived at Tesco’s and found a trolley with vaguely enough working wheels to allow it to travel in a straight line. The Hallowe’en costumes were out on display and the TV screens hanging from the ceiling displayed the latest offers in store. 
‘Hallowe’en already,’ remarked Angelina. ‘It barely feels like summer has ended.’
‘And before you know it the oranges and blacks will be replaced by the reds and whites of Christmas and then out come the yellows, greens and blues of Easter,’ said Zeus.
‘And then summer will be just around the corner again,’ added Angelina with a smile. ‘Seems there’s always something we should be celebrating. Mother’s Day, Father’s Day…’
‘… first clean pants after Pentecost,’ added Zeus.
Angelina giggled.
‘I’m amazed by the people in this country,’ Zeus continued. ‘Any excuse for a celebration, but when it comes down to it, how many of them actually believe in what it’s all about?’ 
‘Well I certainly believe in clean pants, especially after Pentecost,’ said Angelina.
‘I’m glad. It’s an important time of year to have clean underwear.’
They ambled around the shop and picked up what they needed as they went. The supermarket was bustling and there were trolleys at most of the checkouts down at the far end, so they wandered back towards the front of the store and eventually arrived at one of the self-service checkouts close to the main doors.
‘Scan or pack?’ asked Zeus.
‘I’ll pack if that’s OK?’ replied Angelina. ‘Mum never let me do it. She always said I’d do it wrong, but how can I learn if she never lets me try?’
‘Right you are then,’ said Zeus and he began taking their groceries from the trolley and putting them through the scanner; bread, milk, biscuits and bottle after bottle of mineral water.’
‘Is your tap water not good to drink or something?’ Angelina asked.
‘Oh no, it’s lovely in its own way,’ said Zeus.
‘The why all the bottled water?’
‘Err… best if I show you when we get back.’
Zeus finished his scanning and brought up the total.
‘Twenty-five quid for that lot!’ he said, astonished. ‘Blimey, times have changed.’
‘Is it OK?’ asked Angelina anxiously. ‘I mean, do you have enough money?’
‘Oh, I’ll just stick it on my plastic,’ said Zeus. ‘It’s no trouble.’
‘You’ve got a credit card?’ said Angelina incredulously.
‘Debit card actually,’ said Zeus. ‘I opened up an account a few weeks ago. I don’t believe in credit cards. They’re bad news.’
‘This I’ve got to see,’ said Angelina.
Zeus pulled out a battered old leather wallet from his back pocket and withdrew a shiny silver card from inside. He handed it to Angelina, who examined it with interest.
‘Mr R Sole?’ she read aloud. ‘Oh my Go… how rude!’ she exclaimed a moment later. Beside her Zeus was in fits of laughter. ‘I can’t believe it says that,’ said Angelina.
Zeus wiped the tears from his eyes with his sleeve.
‘Well they were hardly going to put Jesus Christ on there now were they? I thought I’d have a bit of fun so, Mr Robert Sole at your disposal.’ He gave a mock bow.
Angelina tried to give him a disapproving look but instead just stifled a giggle.
‘Perhaps you’re right,’ added Zeus. ‘Maybe I’ve been hanging around Satan for too long. OK, let’s pay for all this and get it home.’
He pushed his card into the slot on the chip and PIN reader.
‘Oh bugger, now what’s my PIN again?’ he muttered. He made the sign of the cross with his right hand. ‘Yeah, that’s it. 2-8-4-6-Enter.’
‘I can’t believe I now know Jesus’ PIN number,’ said Angelina as they walked out of the shop with their bags of groceries.
‘Well they tell you to pick something you can remember,’ said Zeus. ‘I’ve never been that good with numbers. I way over-calculated on the five loaves and two fish miracle.’

When they reached Zeus’ house they went inside and began unpacking the shopping. His fridge was pretty empty, but looked a lot better by the time they were done. 
‘Would you like a drink?’ asked Zeus as he filled the kettle with water from one of the bottles. 
‘A cup of hot chocolate would be lovely,’ replied Angelina.
‘Right-o.’
‘Do you mind if I use your bathroom?’ she added shyly.
‘Not at all, go right ahead,’ said Zeus. ‘But you will need the rest of this,’ he added, throwing her the rest of the bottle of water. ‘And sorry about the smell.’
Angelina gave him a strange look and carefully opened the door. A pungent aroma swept out to meet her. It was not the usual bathroom smell.
‘Phwoar, it stinks of booze!’ she exclaimed.
‘Yeah, slight technical problem there,’ said Zeus. He seemed quite embarrassed about it all.
Angelina decided to spare his blushes, and took a deep breath and entered. Several minutes passed before she re-emerged with a puzzled expression on her face. Zeus was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee clasped in his hands. Angelina sat down next to him.
‘So tell me,’ she said after a thoughtful pause. ‘What is the red stuff coming out of your hot taps?’
Zeus muttered something unintelligible.
‘Sorry, I didn’t catch that,’ said Angelina.
‘OK, but you’ve got to promise not to laugh,’ said Zeus.
Angelina raised her eyebrows.
‘Promise?’
‘Oh all right, I promise,’ she said eventually.
‘OK, it’s like this. About a month ago I was having a quiet night in watching TV and I decided I really fancied a drink. Unfortunately it just so happened to be a Sunday night and so all the shops were shut. I was gutted, but then I had a thought. Something I did a long time ago sprang to mind. A miracle I performed…’
He paused and looked guiltily at the table.
‘And…?’ pressed Angelina.
‘And so I turned my water into wine,’ said Zeus holding up his hands in defeat. ‘I admit it was always one of my better miracles, and I was pretty sure I was still up to it.’
‘So you gave yourself running wine?’
‘Yes.’
‘For real?’
‘Sauvignon Blanc and mulled; cold and hot.’
‘And you’ve still got it.’
‘Well there was never much call for changing it back,’ said Zeus. ‘Can you imagine doing that as a miracle? Hey guys, check this out! All the booze is gone but look! Bottles of Evian for everyone! I think they’d have more than crucified me.’
You mean you’ve got no water whatsoever?’
‘Why do you think I smell of booze all the time. I’m no alcoholic, but you try taking a shower in that stuff and keeping the smell out.’
Angelina couldn’t help stifling a laugh.
‘Hey, you promised,’ said Zeus.
‘I know,’ she said. ‘It’s just that I’d kinda guessed, but the way you tell it is just hilarious.’
‘Well then, now you know the story behind all the bottles of water,’ he said.
They sipped away at their drinks for a while and the evening drew on. They ate a nice dinner of stir-fried vegetables and rice and as they began the washing up, Zeus spoke.
‘I sense that you have more questions,’ he said. ‘In fact if you did not I would be surprised, and I admit, a tad disappointed.’
Angelina looked through the glass she was drying up and saw his face on the other side. 
‘I do have questions,’ she said. ‘I have many, but I feel tonight has been such fun that I’m afraid to spoil it.’
‘Well if you class food shopping as fun then we really need to get you out a bit more,’ said Zeus. 
Angelina smiled. ‘You know what I mean.’
‘Yes, of course,’ he replied. ‘No pressure at all, I’m just here to help.’
Angelina finished the glass and put it in the cupboard next to the others. Then, turning to Zeus and taking hold of his arm she asked, ‘Why are you here?’
‘Ah,’ said Zeus, letting the plate he was washing slide back into the bowl. ‘The biggie. Well my dear, it’s really quite straightforward. Have you read much of the bible?’
‘Nothing I can really remember,’ said Angelina guiltily.
‘Yeah, it can be a bit like that,’ said Zeus smiling. ‘Anyway, in the Gospel of Matthew, I think, there’s something about the son of man returning and every person on earth being held to account for their lives and deeds.’
‘You mean judgement day,’ said Angelina.
‘Exactly,’ said Zeus, clearly happy that she was keeping up. ‘My role in this is simple; to watch and observe the people of the world, how they go about living their lives, seeing what temptations they are exposed to, so that when the day of atonement arrives then everyone may be judged in a fair and honest way.’
‘Right,’ said Angelina, amazed at how calm she was feeling in the face of this news. ‘So I guess it must be quite soon then.’
‘Not far away, I suppose,’ said Zeus.
‘How long?’
‘Err… 31st December.’
‘What!?’ cried Angelina. The plate she was drying fell crashing to the floor. Judas, who had been dozing peacefully on his beanbag, let out a yelp of surprise. Zeus looked at her levelly.
‘That’s not ‘not far away’, that’s right round the corner!’ she continued. ‘Why? Why now?’
‘The time has come,’ said Zeus simply.
‘That’s not a real answer,’ replied Angelina.
‘It’s the only one I can give.’
She looked at him, willing herself with every ounce of her being to feel anger or hatred towards him. Anything but love. Why had he hidden this from her? Why had it taken him so long to reveal his true purpose? And why could he not give her a straight answer? Slowly she slumped down defeated into a chair and stared forlornly at the table.
‘I guess it’s too much to expect it to be 31st December 2050?’ she asked meekly.
‘I’m afraid not,’ said Zeus sitting down beside her and taking hold of both her hands.
Angelina gave a deep sigh.
‘At church they always used to say that it was imminent, but I never believed it. I never believed that it would happen in my lifetime, if at all.’
‘I doubt there are many people who are truly expecting it,’ said Zeus. ‘But that is the way it should be. There would be no point in sending an email round saying ‘Excuse me chaps but the world is ending in a few months time. You’d best start getting ready. Sorry for the inconvenience’. That wouldn’t work. Everyone would plan a big old party, and then when the time came there would be a big countdown and fireworks, and maybe a celebrity guest as an ambassador. It should be kept a secret.’
‘Then why tell me?’ asked Angelina.
‘You asked me why I was here,’ said Zeus. She frowned at him and his face became grave. ‘Believe me, I did not wish to place the burden of this knowledge on the shoulders of one so young. It is not fair on you, and in all honesty it has probably accomplished very little. I admit that when I first came here I did not expect to gain such a strong friendship with any single person. Even the omnipotent, it would seem, can still be surprised. Yet it was through your generosity that we came to be acquainted, and I did not wish to go any further without letting you know the truth. You have been utterly open and honest with me so far, and you deserve the same from me. Part of you, I’m sure, suspected it, and another part loathes me for not telling you sooner. But even the Pope wouldn’t have believed me if I’d have told him, yet your young mind has not been tainted by too much cynicism and doubt, and I am happy that you have accepted the news so readily.’
‘Well I wouldn’t say I’m not shocked by it, but I guess there’s not a lot I can really do about it,’ said Angelina. ‘Hang on, though. Why have you been urging me to keep up my studies and to look to the future when you know that it is all pointless?’
‘The point is that it is not at all pointless. Far from it,’ said Zeus sternly. ‘You have been given great gifts, Angelina Marsh. Gifts that many others do not possess. It is important for you to keep using them to the best of your ability.’
‘But why?’
‘Because when the time comes and you stand before my father, what would you say if you didn’t? Would you say that you wasted the life you were given because you could not be bothered to apply yourself?’
‘I guess not.’
‘Well then, please keep studying,’ said Zeus. ‘In fact, however hard it may be, try to keep living your life in the same way you have been doing up until this moment.’
‘I’ll try, but it won’t be easy. Will you be around to talk to?’ asked Angelina.
‘I’ll be in and out as I have been, but on the whole, yes,’ said Zeus kindly. ‘I am coming to the end of my work now, and having said all this to you there is no way I would leave you to deal with it on your own.’
Angelina smiled. 
‘I’d like that,’ she said.
They sat there a while longer, and then Zeus got up and cleared away the shattered remains of the plate and they finished the rest of the washing up. It was getting late, but Angelina felt like she needed some company for a while longer, so they retired to the sofa upstairs to watch some television. There was little of interest on save a Champion’s League match involving Liverpool and some obscure eastern European side, which they settled on watching. 
‘I like football,’ said Zeus when half time came. 
‘Did you play it when you were last here?’ asked Angelina. It would have seemed like an odd question to an observer, but she knew that there were no odd questions where Zeus was concerned.
‘I did actually,’ he replied. ‘A bit of six-a-side with the lads with one guy reffing. It was certainly a nice way of relaxing at the end of a hard day’s preaching. We were doing quite well in the Galilee Sabbath league until circumstances turned against us.’
‘Circumstances?’
‘Yeah, my crucifixion for one. I was top goal scorer at that point. At least I finished on a high.’
Angelina laughed and shook her head.
‘You should be a comedian,’ she said. ‘I’m sure you must be making some of this up.’
‘You mean if I wasn’t the Son of God and all, or such a demon craftsman?’ said Zeus.
‘Or so modest!’ cried Angelina grabbing one of the cushions and hitting him round the head with it. They collapsed into a fit of hysterics.
‘Hey I’ve got a question,’ said Angelina when she had regained her composure. ‘Why Watford? Why England for that matter?’
‘Oh, for the excellent transport links,’ said Zeus with a wry glance up at the ceiling.’
‘Come on, be serious.’
‘Oh all right. I guess the simple answer is, why not? It sounds like a bit of a cop out, but for the most part it really is that simple. There are some small factors that did sway it though. Over the past few years, almost more than anywhere else, the United Kingdom has been spiralling into a state of mother culture and political correctness gone mad. So much so that I feel that its people must be some of the most stout-hearted in the world to endure it without going completely crazy. I thought it best to experience this for a time, and figured that if I came out the other side the same man as when I went in, everywhere else would be a doddle.’
‘But there are far worse countries than ours,’ said Angelina indignantly. ‘There are wars, famine and drought going on at this very moment all round the world.’
‘Why does that make them worse?’ asked Zeus. ‘OK, their problems may be much more severe than those faced by most here, but in a way that makes them easier to judge. In such places life is a lot more black and white. There are few people who would fall between two stools, as it were. Rich and poor, oppressed and oppressor; it is far more straightforward than here. I chose the UK for its cultural diversity and its complex political system. It is a place where the talentless are revered and the deserving scrape to get by. It is an interesting moral landscape, and one I have been studying for a while now.’
‘And Watford?’
‘Close enough to London but without the tourists,’ said Zeus with a smile. ‘You have to look a little deeper to find its merits, but I assure you they are there.’
The evening drew in and finally Angelina decided that it was time to head home. It had been a draining evening, with so much discovered and discussed that her mind took a while to let it all go and allow her the luxury of some sleep.

Angelina awoke next morning with Zeus’ warnings about wasting her talents ringing clearly in her mind and she resolved not to let her knowledge of the forthcoming day of judgement ruin her studies. Had she been a bit older, she knew she could have had quite a bit of fun buying things on credit and generally pampering herself until the end of the year, but she knew Zeus would have frowned upon it and in any case she doubted there were any credit card companies that would allow a girl her age to sign up, despite their general lack of scruples.
October continued to pass on its merry way without the weather getting significantly colder. This was good for Angelina, who spent a lot of her free time outdoors to keep away from her mother and especially Derek, who seemed to be round almost every evening, and whose company she could not stand for more than a few short minutes.
She took to hanging around in Riverside Park, sitting on the swings and thinking about everything and nothing depending on her mood.
One Wednesday, having sat for a while in the park on her way home from school, she returned home to find her mum home alone watching TV. 
‘Where’s Derek?’ asked Angelina suspiciously as she hung up her coat and took her shoes off. She didn’t really care so long as he didn’t suddenly materialise from the bathroom.
‘He’s working dear,’ said her mum. ‘Come and sit with me. It’s been a while since we had a girly night in.’
This sounded ominous. As much as she loved her mum, Angelina knew what the topic of conversation would most likely turn to and she didn’t really feel in the mood for it. Nevertheless she sat down on the sofa next to her as the credits for Neighbours rolled up the screen, and tried to look attentive.
‘So, how’s school going?’ asked her mum.
‘Ah, the calm before the storm,’ Angelina thought.
Out loud she said, ‘Great. I’ve started my extra maths and English tuition and it has been going really well. They’re even talking about moving me up a year in those classes, although there are problems with the timetable at the moment.’
‘That’s wonderful Angel. I’m really glad you are realising your full potential at last. And you’re up to date with all your homework I take it?’
‘Mum, it’s fine OK? It’s all under control.’
‘Ok darling, just checking. You know, we don’t get a chance to talk that much any more.’
Angelina bit her tongue. Any response to this was likely to get her into trouble.
‘Darling, I wanted to talk to you about Derek,’ said her mum suddenly.
‘Bingo, there it is!’ thought Angelina.
‘I was wondering what you thought of him,’ her mother continued.
‘Honestly?’ asked Angelina, rearranging her position on the sofa to a more defensible one. 
Her mum nodded.
‘I think he’s a Class A prick,’ said Angelina.
There, she’d said it. Now she just had to await the fallout. 
‘Now that’s not very nice, is it Angel?’ said her mum, clearly disappointed by her response. If she had been expecting anything different though, she was a fool. ‘What would make you say such a thing?’
‘I could have said a lot worse,’ said Angelina stoutly. ‘You asked my opinion and I gave it.’
‘But what makes you think that?’
‘Oh it’s everything mum. The way he looks at you, talks at you; it’s the comments he makes, it’s his roving hands. It’s everything. I just think he’s a sleazy bastard.’
‘How dare you use that language about him!’ cried her mother.
‘But it’s true,’ said Angelina crossing her arms defiantly. ‘And you didn’t mind ‘prick’, but perhaps that’s the problem. He’s a sleazy bastard and he’s using you for… well, for whatever you do that makes so much noise when I’m trying to get to sleep.’
Her mother’s mouth opened and closed dumbly for a few seconds and Angelina knew she had stepped way over the line.
‘How dare you!’ said her mum again when the power of speech had returned. This time, however, there was real anger in her voice. ‘Get out!’
Her finger pointed towards the door, but Angelina was already halfway there. 
‘He’s an idiot mum and he’s not a patch on Dad,’ she called out as she went. It was  a cheap shot, but she was angry and upset.
‘Don’t bring your father into this!’ screamed her mum. ‘Out, now!’
Angelina was already gone. She fled the block with tears streaming down her face and turned in the only direction she knew would be safe; towards the Arches. She had let her dislike for Derek run away from her. It had been over three years since she had seen her mum that upset. That time it had been her father’s doing and Angelina knew how much she hated him. The thought that she might actually hate Angelina that much was too much to bear.
She ran down the street, under the railway bridge and crossed on to the roundabout. There she began pounding her fists as hard as she could on Zeus’ door. She willed it, almost begged it to open, and when it did and she saw his dreadlocked head emerge from behind it she threw her arms around him and burst into more floods of tears. 
Zeus hastily stubbed out his half-smoked cigarette and tucked the remainder behind his ear for safekeeping. Then he led Angelina to one of the chairs and sat her down while he made her a hot chocolate. There she remained with her head in her hands sobbing uncontrollably, until Zeus returned with the drink.
‘Your mother loves you,’ he said, placing the cup down before her.
Angelina looked up at him through bloodshot eyes. ‘How did you…?’
Zeus smiled. ‘Listen Angelina, you are young and are entering a volatile period of your life. Sometimes things come out the wrong way. Your mum knows this.’
‘But I meant every word of it,’ she cried. ‘He’s a nasty man and I’ve no idea what she sees in him.’
‘Perhaps there is a softer side that you are yet to see,’ said Zeus, beckoning to Judas, who trotted over and laid his shaggy head in Angelina’s lap. She reached down and began stroking his ears affectionately.
‘I don’t think so,’ she said with a sniff. 
‘There is good in everyone Angelina,’ said Zeus firmly.
‘Everyone?’
‘Everyone. Perhaps if you spoke to your mum about it in a calm fashion, you would hear her side to it. I am not expecting you to become best friends with him, but maybe you have not given him a fair chance. After all, your mum has been a lot happier in the last month or so.’
‘That’s because she’s been having lots of sex,’ said Angelina grumpily.
‘Oi, none of that attitude,’ said Zeus taking an apple from the bowl in the middle of the table and taking a large bite out of it. ‘Where’s that bright smiley girl I once knew eh?’
As he said it a spray of apple juice flew out of his mouth.
‘Urgh, yuck!’ said Angelina wiping her cheek. ‘She’s still here OK, just no more of your spit.’
‘Deal!’ said Zeus rocking back in his chair and putting both his feet up on the table. ‘Just so you know though, my spit could create a forest in the middle of a desert. Now then, what are you doing for Hallowe’en?’
‘Excuse me?’
‘Hallowe’en. It’s only a fortnight away, you know.’
‘Do you celebrate Hallowe’en?’
‘Well I wouldn’t say ‘celebrate’, but I can’t see anything wrong with having a bit of fun. Want to come trick or treating?’
Angelina stared at him. ‘I think I’m a bit old for that,’ she said. 
‘Nah, it’ll be fun. Come on, don’t be a spoil-sport.’
‘Oh all right,’ she said. ‘Can’t think of a better way of spending my last Hallowe’en than trick or treating with Jesus.’
‘That’s the spirit!’ said Zeus. ‘If you meet me in the usual spot on Saturday we’ll go and find some costumes.’

Despite her guilt about her outburst, Angelina did not feel ready to return home immediately and to her surprise, Zeus did not press her to do so. Instead she discovered that he had a stash of Playstation games tucked under the sofa, and they spent a good few hours racing supercars round busy streets and famous circuits on the giant screen. Angelina, who had never really given much time to video games, found it great fun and managed to pick it up quite quickly, although Zeus laughed at the way she kept moving the joypad in the direction she wanted to go.
‘I’m sure it helps,’ he said as they completed another race with Angelina barely a second behind him. 
‘It does,’ she said indignantly. ‘Besides, you’ve had way more practice than me.’
‘I wouldn’t say way more, but you’re definitely a natural.’
‘Is that a gift to be proud of, playing computer games?’
‘Of course. All gifts should be viewed as such.’
‘Even people who can turn their eyelids inside out?’
‘Well, I wouldn’t really call that a gift. And before you ask, farting isn’t either.’
‘I wasn’t even thinking of it,’ said Angelina.
‘So then, see you in town on Saturday?’
‘Is that my cue to leave?’
‘It’s half past twelve!’
‘Is it? Oh bugger it, now I really am in trouble.’
‘Off you go then.’
‘Yes, I’ll see you Saturday.’
‘Cheerio, and don’t forget to make up with your mum!’

Angelina did not get the chance to do so the following evening, since her mum was out when she got back from her English tutoring, but on Friday she was home and Derek was nowhere to be seen. A tearful heart to heart followed, with apologies from both sides. They went on to discuss her mum’s relationship with Derek and although Angelina was still far from convinced about him as a person, she agreed to tolerate having him around, since he appeared to be making her mum so happy.

The next day Angelina awoke bright and early feeling refreshed and ready to enjoy the weekend. Unfortunately the weather seemed to have other ideas. As she stared out of her bedroom window at the grim rain-washed streets, she knew that autumn had finally arrived, and wondered whether or not she would actually be able to meet Zeus in his usual spot.
She spent longer than normal getting ready that morning, not because she wanted to tart herself up, but merely because she didn’t feel inclined to go outside and brave the elements. She lounged around until two o’clock flicking idly through the TV channels and managed to catch an episode of Spongebob, which improved her mood. Then she went to the cupboard, got out her furry-hooded coat, and left the flat.
Outside, the rain had died off somewhat, but it still continued to drizzle persistently from the grey sky and before long the outer layer of her coat was soaked. Angelina pulled the folds of her hood in close around her face as the spray kicked up by passing cars left a fine layer of mist hanging in the air. Several times she had to skip smartly to one side as the drivers passed through puddles in the gutter and threatened to soak her through. 
For the most part though, she kept to the side of the road where the slowly queuing traffic edged inch by inch closer to the retail park. It was almost like Watford’s own indoor theme park, where punters could come on a wet and windy day and spend hours frittering away their cash on stuff they didn’t need, but for some reason really, really wanted. Angelina shuddered at the thought of all those screaming kids towing their parents around Toys ‘R’ Us, always wanting something slightly more expensive than they were allowed. As she passed the car showrooms, all the gleaming convertibles that sat proudly in the windows seemed a little pointless. They would never get to see the open road on a bright, June afternoon.
Angelina reached the High Street to find it pretty much deserted, save the odd hardy shopper scurrying from one store to the next as quickly as possible. She entered the Harlequin centre through the back of Boots and worked her way through the hoards of people inside, until she had reached Marks and Spencer. Already she had passed and noted several places selling Hallowe’en costumes that they would be visiting later. 
If it was at all possible, the crowds were even denser in M&S than they had been in the main Harlequin walkways. It took Angelina a full ten minutes to negotiate her way between the countless rails of skirts, cardigans and trousers, and in all that time she only stopped to look at two items. Quite an achievement. Once downstairs, it was easier for her to make her way through the food and groceries section to the main doors out on to the High Street. 
She could see Zeus even before she got there, his hunched figure clearly visible through the glass doors as he sat against the wall to keep out of the rain. For some reason Angelina felt an overwhelming sense of pity for him, and she sprinted the last few metres and propelled herself through the door.
‘Zeus, Zeus, are you OK? I’m so sorry I’m late. Have you been waiting long?’
The bobble-hatted head raised, and from within the jungle of dreadlocks Zeus’ friendly face smiled up at her.
‘Don’t apologise!’ he said, adjusting his appearance so the thick clumps of hair were no longer in his face. ‘I didn’t specify a time for us to meet.’ 
He climbed to his feet and rubbed his hands together for warmth. ‘Slim pickings today,’ he added.
‘It’s horrible, isn’t it?’ said Angelina. ‘Why didn’t you wait inside you poor thing? You must be freezing.’
‘They don’t really like me in there,’ said Zeus, with a sidelong glance through the glass. ‘They think I damage the image of the store.’
‘Well there’s no point us standing out here in the cold. It won’t take us long to walk through the shop.’
Zeus collected up his stack of Big Issue magazines and put them in a shopping bag he found in his pocket. Then he followed Angelina into the store.
It was nice and warm inside and the smell of freshly baked cakes and buns filled their delighted nostrils.
‘Mmm, I might have myself one of them later,’ said Zeus as they passed a counter stacked with chocolate muffins.
‘Oh I don’t think I could finish one of them myself,’ said Angelina. ‘They’re huge!’
They were just about to pass the checkouts when a man in a blue uniform stepped out from one of the aisles and caught Zeus by the arm.
‘Hey buddy, what have I told you before?’
There was a distinct foreign twang to the man’s voice. Zeus looked him up and down. There was a name badge on the man’s jumper.
‘Hi Christophe, how’s it going? Listen, we’re just passing through. Won’t keep you a minute. Have a nice day!’
He took a further step forward, but the man held on to his arm.
‘Listen mate, I said last week that you have to stay out of the store.’
‘Hey mister,’ said Angelina with her hands on her hips. ‘We’re literally going straight through into the Harlequin. It won’t take a minute.’
‘You can, but he’s not,’ said the security guard. 
‘Why not?’ asked Angelina defiantly. ‘He has money too. Is his cash worth less than anyone else’s?’
‘You don’t understand miss, he makes our customers uneasy.’
‘Why? Because of the way he looks and dresses? That’s discrimination you know.’
‘No, it’s the singing that does it. Anyway, I don’t have to explain myself to you. He goes, end of story.’
He started leading Zeus towards the door.
‘Oh come on mate, that was one time,’ said Zeus.
‘Out!’ said the security guard, opening the door and thrusting him outside. Fuming with rage, Angelina followed him.
‘Big Issue?’ asked Zeus turning round hopefully, but the door was closed in his face.
Angelina looked at him, her face scarlet.
‘What a w…’
‘Now, now,’ said Zeus. ‘He’s just doing his job.’
‘But surely he can’t ban you from the store. It’s not as if you stole anything. What did he mean about your singing?’
Zeus chuckled. ‘I went in there the other day with my iPod on and before I knew it, I was being escorted out again. Apparently I was singing some rather controversial lyrics at the top of my lungs.’
‘That’s got to be just an excuse to get rid of you,’ said Angelina glaring back through the glass at the diminishing form of the security guard. ‘I bet they just hate you standing outside selling your magazines.’
‘Maybe, but I’m not fussed. I’ve had worse rejections than that in my time, believe you me. Now, let’s head to one of the other entrances and get out of this weather.’
They jogged up the High Street past the post office and HSBC, but as they turned to head up the side street to the top end of the shopping centre, Zeus grabbed Angelina’s arm and dragged her into the bank.
‘I need some cash,’ he explained, fishing around in his wallet for his card.
‘Cool, can I put in the number?’
‘Be my guest.’
He handed her the card, which she inserted into the machine.
‘2-8-4-6,’ said Angelina, punching in the numbers. ‘Would you like to check your balance?’
‘Not sure if there’s much point, but you’re welcome to.’
There was a short pause while the machine thought for a moment.
‘Whoa!’ exclaimed Angelina as the figure appeared. ‘What is that?’ She began counting the digits. ‘Nine hundred and ninety-nine million, nine hundred and ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine pounds?’
‘And ninety-nine pence,’ finished Zeus. ‘Shame it only allows you to draw out three hundred quid a day.’
Angelina stared at him. ‘That’s a lot of Big Issues. You know, you could change the lives of millions of people with this,’ she said.
‘Perhaps, but that is not the purpose of my being here,’ said Zeus, taking over and keying in the amount he wished to withdraw. ‘Remember Angelina, I am here as an observer, not to change the world. I could send money to every person on the planet, but what would that achieve? This world has a little over two months left. Most wouldn’t receive the money in time, and many more would simply not know what to do with it. I have got enough to do what I need to while I am here without getting into any debt.’
‘You’ve got a billion pounds in the bank. How the hell would you get anywhere near being overdrawn in the short time you are here?’
‘Well, maybe I misjudged the exchange rate a little. Anyway, we’ve got shopping to do.’

They made their way into the Harlequin centre and passed through the throngs of people in search of their Hallowe’en outfits. The shops Angelina had seen earlier turned out to be rather disappointing, with their stock made up almost entirely of children’s costumes. 
‘What we need is a decent party shop,’ said Zeus. ‘I’ve seen a few on my travels, but I’ve never been in one.’
‘I don’t think we’ve got one in Watford,’ said Angelina gloomily.
‘What about t’Internet?’ asked Zeus. ‘There must be a website in the UK that delivers costumes.’
‘That’s a great idea!’ said Angelina brightening. ‘Quick, let’s find an Internet café and get searching.’
‘Why pay when I’ve got broadband at my place? Let’s get a taxi back there, then we can surf to our heart’s content.’

They found a taxi close to one of the bus stops on the ring road.
‘Can you take us to the Arches please mate?’ asked Zeus as they got in. The driver looked a little taken aback.
‘Arches?’ he repeated dumbly.
‘Yeah, the big bridge things y’know, over by the retail park?’
The driver nodded uncertainly and they set off. The rain continued to lash down, but there was still an endless flow of traffic into the retail park and they spent most of the journey stuck in a queue. Once the driver had successfully negotiated Dalton Way they were close to reaching their destination. The driver, uncertain of where exactly they wanted to go, glanced over his shoulder at them as he pulled onto the roundabout. 
‘Just here will do fine,’ said Zeus with a sly wink at Angelina. The driver’s eyes widened.
‘Here?’ he repeated.
‘Yep, that’s spot on.’
‘I can’t stop here.’
‘Sure you can,’ said Zeus. ‘There’s cars backed up round here non-stop normally. One more queue won’t hurt.’
They had already gone halfway round the roundabout. 
‘I’ll make it worth your while,’ added Zeus, waving a ten pound note in the mirror in an enticing manner. He and Angelina both lurched forwards as the vehicle came to a sudden halt. They climbed out onto the raised kerb.
‘Cheers mate,’ said Zeus chirpily. ‘Have a good day, and God, I mean Allah bless!’
The driver snatched the money from his hand and sped off. The pair of them stood for a few moments pulling faces at the people in the queue that had formed behind, who were all staring at them, before turning and heading into Zeus’ house.
‘That was fun!’ said Zeus as he closed the door behind them.
‘Yeah it was,’ said Angelina giggling. Judas came bounding over to her and she rubbed his head vigorously.
‘Fancy a drink?’ asked Zeus.
‘I’d love a hot chocolate, thanks.’
‘Fire up my computer and I’ll put the kettle on.’
Angelina went over and sat at the small table in the corner. Beneath it sat a beast of a computer, which glowed neon blue out of several windows in the side as it powered up. The large LCD monitor sprang into life, and once the desktop had loaded, Angelina opened a web browser. 
‘Blimey, your Internet’s quick!’ she exclaimed as the homepage opened up instantly. ‘With our computers at school, you’re best off making a cup of tea while the websites load up.’
Zeus came over and sat down beside her as she searched for fancy dress costumes.
‘Hmm, there’s a few here, but they seem a bit more general than just Hallowe’en. What were you thinking of going as?’
‘Dunno,’ said Zeus. ‘Short of rolling myself in toilet paper and calling myself ‘The Mummy’, I hadn’t really got very far.’
‘I’ll see what eBay has to offer.’
Angelina launched the auction site and did a search for masks, hoping for inspiration. Well over a thousand items came up.
‘This could take a while,’ she said.
‘Keep scrolling through,’ said Zeus staring intently at the screen. ‘There must be something here.’
Eight pages in and they were about to give up when Zeus suddenly shouted ‘Stop!’
He pointed to a gruesome looking mask that had sallow, greenish skin and a large shock of white hair sticking out of it. 
‘That’s perfect,’ he said rubbing his hands together with glee.
‘What is it?’ asked Angelina.
‘That’s Eddie.’
‘Eddie?’
‘Yeah, Eddie, the mascot of the band Iron Maiden.’
Angelina looked at him blankly. Zeus did a quick search of the band’s album covers and then she understood.
‘I guess that’s pretty cool actually,’ she said. ‘But what can I go as?’
Zeus stroked his stubble for a moment as he thought. Then he snapped his fingers. ‘Got it!’ he said. 
‘What?’
‘You can be my victim, like on the front of the album Killers. We can make it a kind of double act.’
‘Your victim?’ said Angelina dubiously. ‘That doesn’t sound very scary.’
‘It will be with what I’ve got in mind,’ said Zeus mysteriously.

For the rest of the afternoon they relaxed watching DVDs and playing on Zeus’ Playstation. With everything they needed on order, all they had to do was wait for the 31st to come round. The evening wore on and eventually the time came for Angelina to leave. 
‘Listen, I’ve got to head off for a week and see to some stuff,’ said Zeus as she stood in the doorway. 
‘When will you be back?’
‘Next Sunday evening, I hope.’
‘Oh dammit, I think my mum’s going away next weekend. I was hoping to show you where I live.’
‘Perhaps there will be another chance,’ said Zeus.
‘I hope so. I’ll probably be quite lonely without you around.’
‘Don’t worry,’ he said ruffling her hair. ‘You can take the opportunity to spend some time with some of your other friends.’
Angelina looked none too enthused. 
‘They’re all a bit boring compared to you,’ she said quietly.
‘Come on, they’re only human,’ smiled Zeus.

It was a busy week for Angelina, with her homework mounting up in addition to her tuition and hockey practice. That Sunday there was due to be a match against another of the local schools, and thanks to her efforts on the Wednesday afternoon Angelina managed to get herself picked for the team. She would start on the bench, but her PE teacher assured her she would play at least some of the match.
Angelina had never played sport any more competitively than in school classes and began to feel quite nervous as the weekend approached. The team had had a pretty ropey start to the season, losing both their initial matches and only having a single goal to show for it. Angelina’s small comfort came from the knowledge that she could hardly make them any worse.
When Saturday arrived without the prospect of rain she took the opportunity to sharpen her skills by taking the ball and stick she had borrowed for the event and practicing in the park across the road. For several hours she doggedly dribbled the ball between the piles of fallen leaves and practiced her long range passing by trying to hit the tree trunks from a distance.
Eventually she got fed up with playing by herself and went back home to spend the rest of the afternoon trying to wade through the mountain of homework that had been set for her. With no Zeus around it was a fairly bleak evening and with little on the television to hold her attention she decided on an early night.
The following morning she was up with the crows, and the nervous feeling that had been steadily growing in her stomach was suddenly amplified to nauseating heights. After eating a light breakfast, which she promptly threw back up again, she settled down in front of an episode of Spongebob in an attempt to calm her nerves. It seemed to do the trick, and as she left the house and walked down the hill to her school, she held his silly yellow face in her mind for comfort. A coach pulled up at the entrance as she arrived and a group of girls who looked far bigger and fitter than any of her team got off. 
‘It’s all in your mind,’ she told herself, trying to keep her spongy mascot in her head as she turned in the direction of the changing rooms.
The atmosphere when she got there was little different from normal PE lessons. The other members of her team were gossiping away about who had snogged whom the previous night at a party Angelina had no idea was taking place. Not that she minded particularly. She found them all a tad shallow and had little interest in what they had to talk about. 
‘Am I being a snob?’ she asked herself. ‘No, I don’t think so. I just don’t have any interest in what they have to say. Plain and simple.’
With that resolution put to bed she made her way out on to the playing field. It was a chilly morning, and as she stood on the sideline during the first half watching her team getting slaughtered, she found herself shivering involuntarily with the cold. It turned out that her mind had not been playing tricks on her and the opposing team were actually quite a lot bigger than hers. They lumbered around in a meaningful way and their passing was direct and accurate, but they were by no means a good team. It was just that they played together, whereas Angelina’s side were intent on running with the ball whenever one of them happened to be in possession and showed no vision or passing ability whatsoever. It was a miracle that they did not reach the half-time any more than two goals down.
‘Here’s your chance Angelina,’ said her teacher, Mrs Watson, as she prepared to send her on. ‘I need you to take over the middle of the park and show our girls what movement is all about.’
Angelina nodded and took two steps onto the pitch.
‘And any penalty corners are yours to take,’ Mrs Watson called after her.
‘No pressure then,’ thought Angelina as she ran to join her teammates.
It was not a miraculous transformation (there were still ten other headless chickens chasing the ball), but Angelina did manage to bring a semblance of order to proceedings with some pinpoint passing and tireless defensive work. So it was that when the final whistle blew the score was a respectable 4-2 defeat, which earned Angelina great praise from Mrs Watson.
She was glowing with pride and exertion as she walked back down to the school gate, and was almost through it when she saw a familiar figure standing on the pavement beyond.
‘Zeus!’ she cried, running over and giving him a big hug. ‘What are you doing here? I thought you weren’t back until tonight. Did you see any of the game?’
Zeus laughed and hugged her back.
‘From a distance,’ he said. ‘You’ve got to be a little careful nowadays standing on your own watching young girls running around in shorts. People start to ask questions.’
She gave him a sidelong look and then laughed. They began walking back up the hill together.
‘You should have come to the sidelines. I’m sure no-one would have minded.’
‘Nah, I was fine where I was. You seemed to be doing all right.’
‘Yeah, I really enjoyed it actually. If rest of the team learned to play together then I reckon we’d be quite good.’
‘Excellent stuff. Well I got my business over and done with a little earlier than planned and managed to catch a different flight. And it wasn’t delayed this time either.’
‘Really? Where have you been?’
‘I’ve been on a quick tour of the Middle East, visiting a few old haunts and seeing what life is like for the people out there now.’
‘And?’
‘It’s pretty grim to be perfectly honest. It’s a whole different world out there. Yet in many ways things are much the same as they always were. For one reason or another it has always been a place of conflict. Most of it is down to religion, which makes me sad. Some of the greatest atrocities mankind has ever committed were done in my name, or that of another deity. Yet religion is often used as an excuse to cover up the underlying motives and prejudice. It’s all very messed up.’
‘What will happen to the people out there?’ asked Angelina.
‘What do you mean?’
‘You know, when we reach, err… the end of the year.’
‘Oh, right. Well they will be treated in the same way as everyone else.’
‘Really? Even those who aren’t Christians? Muslims and suchlike?’
‘Of course. They are all God’s people. In fact their faiths will stand them in good stead.’
‘Really?’
‘Many people are born into religion Angelina, and will only choose to make a commitment to it in later life, by which time it has become part of their very being. My father would not begrudge them that. In many ways, belief itself is more important than what you actually believe. I mean, it is better to believe in something than to believe in nothing. In its purest form religion of whatever kind is a way of guiding a person through life on a just and honest path. People say it is for those who cannot see right from wrong on their own, but that is not the case. I have seen it bring people from the brink of despair to achieve a greater glory than any non-believer could possibly attain. It gives those with nothing somewhere to turn. For a person to dedicate their entire life to a faith in such a way is something that should be rewarded, providing of course that they do not use it as a way of discriminating against others.’
‘Wow,’ said Angelina. ‘I thought it was only Christians that went to heaven.’
‘Try not to think of it that way. That in itself is a form of segregation. Rather think of it that those who choose to believe that their time on this world is fleeting, and that something better awaits them at the end of it, are the ones who will stand the best chance when the time comes.’
‘But so many people will only believe in something if they can see it before them and touch it.’
‘That’s why they call it faith.’
‘Oh.’
Angelina’s brow furrowed deeply as she considered it all.
‘Sorry,’ said Zeus eventually. ‘A bit heavy for a Sunday afternoon I know.’
‘It’s all right,’ said Angelina. ‘You made me think, that’s all.’
‘Check it out though,’ said Zeus, his face a beaming smile once more. ‘I almost forgot.’
He reached into his pocket and pulled out the gruesome mask he had ordered form eBay and put it on.
‘Grrr!’
‘Now that’s scary,’ said Angelina pulling a face in return. 
‘There’s no need for sarcasm,’ said Zeus. ‘This thing will knock ‘em dead. At least, metaphorically I hope it does.’
‘We’ll find out on Wednesday.’
‘What time should we start out?’
‘Dunno. I can come round straight after school if you like and we’ll just work it out from there.’

It just so happened that when Wednesday arrived, so did a truckload of new assignments for school. In addition, Angelina had found out on the Monday that she had been put in to take her Standard Attainment Tests (SATs) early and had been given some past papers to look over. It was all well and good, but it would have to wait a short while longer because it was Hallowe’en and there was plenty of other work to be done.
The clocks had gone back on the weekend and the evenings were drawing in earlier, so by the time Angelina had dropped her school stuff off and made the short walk down to the Arches it was already quite dark. As she neared the roundabout she noticed a faint glow coming from around the door that was different from normal. As she got closer Angelina realised that Zeus had been busy with some decorations. A glow-in-the-dark skeleton hung from the door striking a rather bizarre (and slightly camp) pose at passing motorists, while an intricately carved and really quite disturbing looking jack-o-lantern scowled malevolently from near its feet. In addition, spider’s webs were laced across the door, making it a foreboding place to look at. Angelina smiled and gave it a knock.
There was no response.
She knocked again.
This time Judas could be heard giving a mournful howl from somewhere within, but there was still no reply.
Angelina shivered. She was beginning to feel strangely nervous.
Suddenly she felt a hand grasp hold of her shoulder and gave it a sharp tug. She twisted round instinctively and was met by a hideously malformed face.
‘Mwahahahahaaaa!’ it cackled.
Angelina screamed.
The face continued to cackle, but slowly it became less sinister and more like a normal laugh.
Angelina stopped screaming.
‘That’s not funny,’ she said, trying to recover her composure.
‘Yes it was,’ said Zeus removing the mask. ‘At least it proves that I can be scary.’
‘Yes, well, hurry up and let me in. It’s bloody cold out here.’
Zeus got out his oddly shaped key and opened the door. The cobwebs stretched and dangled around Angelina’s head as she walked in. Judas came bounding over and began licking her hands excitedly.
The entire room was lit up by huge church candles that stood in clusters at the corners of the room. Their shadows danced off the walls and the high ceiling as they made their way over and sat down by the table.
‘OK, I’ve brought my old school uniform and some make-up with me,’ said Angelina placing a carrier bag on the table. ‘I hope it still fits.’
‘Right,’ said Zeus. ‘If you want to get changed in the bathroom, I’ll get ready upstairs. I’ll also stick a pizza on so we can have something warm inside us before we go out.’

Angelina was not sure whether or not to be pleased that her old school uniform still fit her. It either proved that she had not developed significantly since starting secondary school, or that the amount of lounging around the house she did had not had any ill effect on her figure. True, the pleated blue skirt was now a little on the short side and the white blouse was a slightly tighter fit, but on the whole they still felt quite comfortable. 
Taking her bag of make-up, which now looked decidedly insufficient for the task at hand, she found a pale shade of foundation and applied it liberally to her face. Then, with little thought for where it actually went, she whacked on some eye shadow and an excessive amount of mascara before finishing the whole look off with a dash of red lip gloss.
‘Not bad,’ she said to herself as she stood back and admired her handiwork. Without thinking she turned on the tap to wash her hands and promptly soaked them in mulled wine.
‘Damn it!’ she said out loud. Then, looking down at the deep red liquid on her hands, wiped them in broad smears across her top. Then she took her blue cardigan and left the bathroom before the scent of alcohol became too much for her.
‘Boo!’ shouted Zeus, jumping out in front of her as she opened the door.
‘You need to do something about those taps,’ she said without flinching.
‘Yeah, well I thought about that,’ said Zeus removing the mask and sitting down at the table. ‘Then I thought that with Christmas round the corner it would be quite handy.’
Angelina went over to the kitchen sink and washed her hands with some bottled water.
‘You’ve done a good job there,’ said Zeus conversationally. 
‘You reckon?’ she replied, turning round and looking down at what she was wearing. I don’t feel very spooky.’
‘That’s where this comes in,’ said Zeus reaching down on to the chair next to him and bringing out an unerringly realistic looking axe. The blade had a large arc notched out of it and there was what looked like an Alice band attached to it.
‘I’m supposed to wear that?’ Angelina asked.
‘Yeah, check it out.’
Zeus put the Alice band on his head and tucked it beneath his dreadlocks. The axe appeared to be stuck in the side of his head. 
Angelina giggled. ‘That looks quite good actually,’ she said.
‘Yes, and watch this...’
Zeus grabbed the handle of the axe and wrenched the handle up and down, jerking his eyes from side to side as he did so.
Angelina burst out laughing.
‘What?’ said Zeus looking slightly deflated.
‘No, no, it’s brilliant,’ she said holding on to the sideboard for support. ‘I only hope I can do it as well as you.’
Zeus brightened again. ‘Well, I figured that since this is my one and only Hallowe’en we’d best do it properly.’
‘Give it here and let me have a try,’ said Angelina.
Zeus placed the axe on her head and hid the band beneath her long locks of hair. 
‘There you go, can’t see it at all,’ he said.
Angelina gave the handle an experimental pull and at the same time made her eyes go cross-eyed and stuck her tongue out. Zeus roared with laughter and collapsed to the floor holding his stomach. When he eventually looked up his eyes were streaked with tears.
‘That’s perfect,’ he said still chuckling. ‘It’s even funnier when someone else does it.’
‘OK, but it’s meant to be scary.’
‘It’s all down to the way we do it. If we both manage to keep straight faces it’ll be spot on.’

After eating the pizza Zeus had cooked they left his house and walked up Eastbury Road until they had passed the Parish Church of St Matthew on the left hand side. They then turned into Kingsfield Road and walked up past the rows of parked cars that lined its kerbs. 
‘So, what do we do exactly?’ asked Zeus as he adjusted his mask so that it concealed his dreadlocks as much as possible.
‘Pick a house, preferably one with lights on inside, knock on the door and shout ‘trick or treat!’. Then just wait to see what happens.’
‘Sounds simple enough. Will this one do?’
‘I guess so.’
They walked up the steps to one of the houses on the left hand side of the road. A light was on in the downstairs window and another shone through the frosted glass of the front door.
‘Well then,’ said Zeus with a glance at Angelina. ‘Here goes.’
He reached up and pressed the doorbell. They heard it chime faintly inside and it was swiftly followed by footsteps in the hallway.
‘Trick or treat!’ they both shouted as the door opened to reveal a fat middle-aged woman with a warm smile and a bowlful of sweets in her hands.
‘Here you are my darlings!’ she said without a moment’s pause. ‘My little ones are out at the moment doing just the same as you. I wonder how they are getting on.’
‘Thanks very much m’lady,’ said Zeus reaching into the bowl and taking a handful of sweets. He searched about is person for somewhere to put them but what with the ripped t-shirt and jeans he was wearing he eventually gave up.
‘Do you want a bucket my love?’ asked the woman.
‘Sorry?’
She reached behind the door and brought out an orange bucket moulded into the shape of a jack-o-lantern.
‘You’ve got to have something to put your goodies in.’
‘Cheers, thanks a lot,’ said Zeus smiling (although the lady could not see it). ‘God bless,’ he added as they turned to go.
Back on the street, Zeus turned to Angelina.
‘That went well,’ he said peering at the small pile of sweets in the bottom of the bucket.
‘It was pathetic,’ replied Angelina grumpily. ‘You can’t go around being all smiley and charming and saying ‘God bless’ to people. It’s bloody Hallowe’en!’
‘Oh,’ said Zeus. ‘Sorry. More menacing next time, perhaps. Should we try our little routine?’
‘I think we’d better.’

They sized up their next house and knocked on the door. Angelina stood stock still staring straight ahead. Zeus had one hand on the shaft of the axe. 
‘Trick… or treat,’ he growled as the door swung open. A man in his late twenties stood there looking at them. As he opened his mouth to say something Zeus gave the axe a sharp yank and Angelina rolled her eyes back and let her tongue loll out.
There was a long pause before the man suddenly burst out laughing.
‘That’s awesome!’ he cried. ‘Full marks to you guys. It’s nice to see some people putting a bit of effort in for a change.’
He disappeared from view for a moment and then reappeared with a tube of Pringles and a bag of popcorn.
‘Take the lot,’ he said. ‘I doubt anyone will be able to top that tonight.’
‘Thanks buddy,’ said Zeus putting them in the bucket. Then, with a glance at Angelina added in a sinister voice, ‘May the forces of the dark lord be kept from your door this night,’ and finished by making the sign of the devil’s horns with his hands.
The man returned the gesture and they left.
‘That was better,’ said Angelina as they continued up the street. ‘But that was laughter, not fear. I want to scare someone.’
‘OK, I’ve got another idea,’ said Zeus.

A few houses further up the street, a small boy of around seven years old opened his front door to be confronted by Zeus in his leering mask and ragged clothes.
‘Trick or treat,’ hissed Zeus, leaning forwards until he was barely a foot away from him. 
‘You ain’t scary,’ scoffed the boy. ‘I’ve played Resident Evil and that don’t scare me neither.’
‘Oh no?’ said Zeus continuing in his slow, malevolent voice. ‘Then perhaps you wouldn’t mind talking to my little friend back there.’ He nodded over his shoulder.
The boy peered round behind him.
‘I snatched her this evening as she was walking home from school. I think she’s a little unhappy.’
He stood to one side to reveal Angelina in full. She was standing bolt upright, unmoving except for a few strands of hair that blew listlessly in the breeze. Her eyes were closed.
‘That ain’t a real axe,’ said the boy scornfully.
‘Oh really?’ said Zeus. He took a couple of paces back, grabbed the handle and gave it a tug. Angelina’s eyes popped open and she stared straight into the boys’ eyes. He began to look a little unnerved.
‘Don’t worry,’ continued Zeus. ‘She can’t feel a thing. Look…’
He wrenched the axe again and this time Angelina let out her best scream, still staring directly at the boy.
‘Oh well, I guess I was wrong!’ shouted Zeus.
Angelina stopped screaming, but the sound continued as the boy turned tail and fled into the house. They looked at one another in satisfaction. Then came the sound of a dog barking and they heard someone shout, ‘What the bloody hell’s going on out there?!’
‘Uh-oh!’ said Zeus glancing Angelina’s way. The barking was getting louder.
‘Leg it!’ she shouted, just as the huge form of a rottweiler appeared in the hallway.
Together they sprinted down the steps and away up the road, afraid to look behind them in case the dog was right there. They did not stop until the house was out of sight and they were sure they were no longer being pursued. Then they collapsed into fits of laughter.
‘Superb! That was the best by far!’ said Angelina drying her eyes. ‘Let’s do it again.’
They looked around. They were now on Oxhey Road and the houses stretched off for nearly half a mile into the darkness. There was plenty for them still to do. They found another house with its lights on inside and approached its front door. As they got near a security light came on outside so they quickly rang the bell before retreating into the shadows. There was quite a long delay before the door finally opened. A woman in her late fifties peered out.
‘Trick or treat,’ said Zeus stepping into the circle of light.
The woman jumped, but quickly regained her composure and said abruptly, ‘We don’t participate in Hallowe’en,’ before slamming the door shut again.
‘Oh, well that’s the first one of those,’ said Angelina as Zeus looked at her and shrugged.
‘What do we do now?’
‘A trick I guess.’
‘What sort of trick?’
‘Dunno. Traditionally it’s leaves through the letterbox, eggs at the windows, that sort of thing.’
‘Hmm,’ said Zeus thoughtfully. Then he snapped his fingers. ‘Got it! Check out this trick.’
He walked up to the front of the house and reached up and grabbed hold of the security light. There was a loud ‘click’, then all the lights in the house began flashing as though some kind of party was going on inside.
‘Wow! How did you do that?’ asked Angelina as Zeus scurried back to her.
‘I’m not really sure,’ he replied. ‘I just grabbed hold of it and thought ‘Let there be light!’.’
Just at that moment a silhouette appeared at one of the upstairs windows.
‘We’d best be off,’ said Angelina, and they left the driveway and continued walking up the street. They knocked on a few more houses and met with reasonable success, such that by the time they crossed the narrow bridge over the railway lines and arrived in Watford Heath, the bucket was almost full.
‘There’s still time for a few more,’ said Zeus as they turned onto Oxhey Avenue and sized up the rows of houses that ran past the allotments.
They approached a scruffy-looking house with a blue door, which looked as though it hadn’t seen a lick of paint for several decades. They knocked on the door.
Immediately they heard the sound of a voice muttering indistinctly from inside. As it neared they began to make out some of what it was saying.
‘… tell you if it’s the same lot as called round last time they can piss right off. I’m not a bloody charity shop y’know. You give ‘em and inch and they take a whole bloody mile.’
The door opened and revealed a balding middle-aged man in a dressing gown and slippers. He had a wispy beard that was trying desperately to look like a goatee and his robe bulged out at the midriff giving the impression that he was pregnant.
‘Trick or treat,’ said Zeus chirpily.
The man looked at him sullenly.
‘Oh all right,’ he said. ‘I s’pose you can have some. Damn kids have been knocking on my door all bloody night trying to get more.’
He disappeared for a moment and re-emerged carrying a bucket of his own, which he offered to Zeus.
‘Take some, but don’t be greedy,’ he said. ‘And your girlfriend can have some too if she likes, though she looks a bit young.’
‘Girlfriend?’ repeated Zeus. Then he looked at the contents of the bucket. It was less than half full, but contained a mixture of condoms and cigarettes.
Zeus looked up at the man, who remained impassive.
‘Are you sure that’s a good thing to be doing?’ he asked.
‘What?’ the man shrugged.
‘I mean, aren’t you sending out the wrong message?’
‘No. The wrong message is all around us, on TV, in music, in the shops, everywhere. Kids nowadays don’t want bloody sweets on Hallowe’en, they want fags and drugs and whatever else they can lay their hands on.’
‘And you give it to them?’
‘It’s the least I can do.’
‘I don’t like him, he looks a bit creepy,’ whispered Angelina.
Zeus held up his hand for a moment, then reached into the bucket and took a handful of the ‘treats’.
‘Right, now bugger off,’ said the man, and he shut the door in their faces.
‘That was a little disturbing,’ said Zeus staring at the closed door.
‘Urgh, I did not like him one bit,’ said Angelina. ‘Fancy giving that stuff to kids.’
‘I know. I think I’ll need to keep an eye on that one,’ said Zeus as they turned and left the shabby house behind them. ‘It’s getting on a bit now. Do you fancy doing one more before we finish?’
‘Yeah, it would be a shame to leave it on that note.’
They wandered along for a while and eventually joined Pinner Road. They were now only a couple of hundred yards from the train station.
‘This one’ll do,’ said Angelina pointing to a house with pretty net curtains and flowers in the window.
‘OK, let’s make this a good one,’ said Zeus.
He stepped onto the short path with Angelina tucked out of sight behind him and rang the doorbell. It gave a chiming sound like Big Ben striking the hour. Zeus sniggered.
The chiming stopped but there was no sign of movement from behind the door. Zeus rang again. Still nothing. He looked at Angelina and shrugged.
He reached up to give it a third ring, but just at that moment the door creaked open. The old woman who stood before them was so small that for a moment they didn’t realise that there was anyone there at all.
‘Trick or treat,’ said Zeus, uncertain about how menacing he should sound.
‘Eh?’ grunted the old woman.
‘Trick or treat,’ repeated Zeus.
‘Do speak up dear and don’t mumble,’ croaked the old woman.
‘Trick or… oh forget it. Angelina you have a go.’
Zeus stepped to one side to reveal Angelina. The old woman froze, her mouth half open.
‘Trick or treat?’ said Angelina uncertainly.
‘Margaret?’ said the old woman.
‘Huh?’
‘Margaret?’ repeated the old woman, louder this time.
‘I… err… no.’
‘Margaret where have you been? Fifty years ago you ran out and never came back. But now you have. Come and give your mother a kiss.’
With remarkable speed the old woman darted forwards with her arms outstretched and her crinkled lips puckered and waiting. Angelina gave a small scream and backed off into the street.
‘Come on Margaret dear, have you got a kiss for me?’
Angelina looked at her, wide-eyed.
‘Time to go,’ said Zeus grabbing her hand and dragging her down the street at a half run. He did not stop until they were inside the station and within the safety of the tunnel that ran beneath the tracks.
‘That was quite possibly the scariest thing that has ever happened to me,’ said Angelina panting.
Zeus laughed. ‘I’ve absolutely no idea what all that was about,’ he said leaning against the wall. ‘Perhaps it is a good time for us to stop.’
‘How did we do?’ asked Angelina.
Zeus took his mask off and peered into their bucket of goodies.
‘Pretty good,’ he said. ‘Plenty of sweets and stuff. I’m not so sure about the fags and condoms though.’
‘That man was really quite weird wasn’t he?’
‘Yeah, that was all a bit worrying. There are some dodgy people in this world, but mostly they are not so open and obvious about it.’
They started walking again, heading on through the tunnel towards the rear of the station.
‘So, how was your first Hallowe’en?’ asked Angelina.
‘My only Hallowe’en, you mean. Very enjoyable, I have to say. It easily met my expectations. How about you?’
‘It’s been great,’ said Angelina smiling. ‘My mum used to come out with me when I was younger, but that stopped a long time ago. Tonight’s been really good fun.’
‘Excellent. Well you can take the spoils home for yourself,’ said Zeus. ‘Although there are a couple of items I’ll remove first.’
‘Fair enough, I don’t want them anyway.’
They reached the rear entrance to the station and were about to leave when something caught hold of Zeus’ hair and yanked his head violently backwards.
Angelina screamed as she turned to see him struggling in the arms of a hooded man. In the cold glow of the strip lights she saw the flash of a blade.
‘Quiet girl!’ hissed the man. He had an arm across Zeus’ throat and had pulled him back behind the solitary ticket machine that stood near the entrance.
‘Easy mate,’ choked Zeus, raising both his hands into the air.
‘Shut up!’ said the man. ‘Wallet and phone. Now.’
‘Hey man, I don’t have either,’ said Zeus.
The man twisted the knife and Angelina saw Zeus clench his teeth. She covered her mouth to prevent herself from crying out, and tears flooded her eyes. She felt utterly helpless.
‘Don’t mess with me,’ growled the man, his eyes darting from side to side. ‘Wallet and phone. NOW!’
‘All I’ve got’s this card,’ said Zeus, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his debit card. The man snatched it from him and threw him against the ticket machine, before landing a punch on his cheekbone that sent Zeus crashing to the floor. Then he darted past Angelina, cuffing her across the face as he went and disappeared into the night.
‘God bless you!’ called out Zeus, but the man was gone.
Choked with tears, Angelina ran to Zeus’ side as he staggered to his feet. She was in such a state of shock that she was barely able to string two words together.
‘You… you…’ was all she could manage as she buried her face in his sleeve.
‘I’m just fine, my dear,’ he said shaking his head in an attempt to clear it. He stroked her long, dark hair and she looked up at him. Her white make-up was smeared and streaks of mascara lined her face.
‘You’re bleeding,’ she sniffed, pointing at Zeus’ face. He touched his cheekbone with his hand and his fingertips came away crimson.
‘Oh, that’s nothing,’ he said with half a smile. ‘Now the Romans, they knew how to dish out a beating.’
‘It’s not funny!’ cried Angelina pulling away from him. ‘You could have been killed! Why didn’t you stop him? You’re the Son of God, for God’s sake!’
‘Easy, easy,’ said Zeus, taking her by the arms and kneeling before her. ‘You know that violence and retribution are not what I’m about. The important thing for me was to make certain you were OK and to keep him from harming you.’
‘But he had a knife…’
‘… and was afraid to use it.’
‘I thought I saw him stab you though.’
Zeus lifted up his top and peered round at his side, which was also bleeding.
‘Barely a flesh wound,’ he said dismissively. ‘I’ll sort it out later. First let’s get you home.’

They were only a short distance from Angelina’s flat, but it still took them nearly a quarter of an hour since she was very shaken and needed to sit down on a couple of occasions to collect herself. They were almost at the front door when a voice suddenly called out behind them.
‘Angelina? Angelina! What the hell are you doing out so late?’
They both turned to see Angelina’s mother walking up the path with Derek in tow.
‘Who the hell is that with you?’ she asked as they neared.
Angelina looked as Zeus, whose face was still stained with blood.
‘Mum, wait,’ started Angelina, but her mother would not wait. She was livid.
‘What the hell are you doing with my daughter?’ she shouted.
Zeus held up his hands and took a step back.
‘Listen madam, I… your daughter has been through a lot tonight. Please, take good care of her.’
‘How dare you tell me how to look after her!’ she shrieked.
‘Mum, wait…’
‘No Angelina, I’ll deal with you later. I want to know what this sick bastard wants with you.’
‘Mum, he’s my friend,’ said Angelina, but it did not help matters.
‘Oh, your friend huh?’ said her mum scornfully, rounding on Zeus again. ‘Make a lot of friends with young girls do you? Enjoy spending your evenings with them?’
‘Madam, you’ve got it all wrong…’
‘Don’t… don’t even speak to me. Don’t even open that foul mouth of yours. You stay the hell away from her, you hear me? If I see you anywhere near her again I’m calling the police. Derek…’
The huge man stepped out form behind her and grabbed Zeus’ arms with his gigantic hands.
‘C’mon mate, time to go,’ he grunted, forcing Zeus away, across the street. Zeus did not try to resist.
Then, when they were out of earshot, Angelina saw Derek lean down and whisper something in his ear.Zeus did not answer. He did not even make a sound when Derek shoved him backwards and sent him sprawling across the pavement. He just got back to his feet and walked away into the darkness.
‘Mum, please!’ pleaded Angelina as she was ushered indoors. ‘He’s my friend. He’s hurt. What did Derek say to him?’
‘Never you mind,’ said her mother closing the door behind them and escorting Angelina upstairs to their flat. ‘Friend indeed. Did everything I’ve told you over the years about talking to strangers just go in one ear and out the other?’
Angelina said nothing.
‘You watch the news,’ her mother continued as they went inside. ‘There’s all kind of sick perverts around nowadays. How could you be so stupid?’
‘I’m not being stupid!’ said Angelina her anger flaring uncontrollably. ‘You’re always telling me what to do and you never listen to my side. If you spent more time with me you’d know what’s going on in my life.’
‘Angelina…’
‘Leave me alone!’
Angelina fled to her room and slammed the door behind her.

Needless to say that Angelina was grounded following the events of that night. In fact she spent most of the next day in bed staring vacantly up at the ceiling, such was her distress at how badly the evening had turned out. Her mother seemed genuinely concerned about her state of mind, and having called up her school to let them know that she wouldn’t be in, she had made several attempts at reconciliation, but Angelina ignored her whenever she came into the room.
She had never felt such inner turmoil. She was angry with her mother for jumping to conclusions and not listening to her side of things. She was angry with Zeus for not standing up for himself on two occasions. And she was angry with Derek for just being in her life. If felt as though her whole world was hanging by a thread and she was terrified that she may end up being the cause of it breaking.
Over the course of the day however, her mind began to settle itself, helped in part by listening to some of her favourite music and watching a couple of episodes of Spongebob. As the evening drew in she felt that her inner calm had been restored, a process accelerated by the absence of her mum, who had gone out to do some shopping. Angelina’s thoughts quickly returned to Zeus and she wondered how he was faring and whether or not he was angry about what had happened. She missed him. She always missed him. It may only have been a few weeks but it felt as though he had been a part of her life forever. She just wanted to always be with him and to spend every waking moment in his presence. She wondered whether the intensity of her feelings was partly due to being forbidden to go anywhere near him. After giving the matter a great deal of thought she decided that this wasn’t the case. Indeed it wasn’t even down to who he was or why he was there, but simply because he was a lot of fun to be around and he understood what Angelina was going through. He was like the father she had never really had.
She went to bed early that night, ashamed of her tantrums and determined to reconcile with her mother again at the first opportunity. More than anything she wanted to see Zeus again, but she knew better than to ignore her grounding and pay him a visit. She did not need her mother calling the police and for them to get involved. 

Angelina was back in school on the Friday and was horrified to discover how much work was needed to catch up after missing just one day of school. She spent her entire lunch hour in the library copying up some notes from the previous day’s lessons, but already it was looking as though a bleak weekend dominated by schoolwork lay before her. The day seemed in no hurry to finish and her final two lessons dragged by painfully slowly. Angelina did her best to focus her attention, but all too quickly her thoughts turned to Zeus and when she might next get to see him. When the final bell went and she trudged back up the hill, kicking her way through the fallen leaves, she toyed with the idea of calling in on him briefly to see whether he was all right. She was just in the process of making a decision when she caught sight of her mother walking up Eastbury Road in the other direction. That settled it.
‘Hi darling,’ her mum said cheerfully as they met outside the entrance to their flat. ‘Have you had a good day?’
Angelina shrugged her shoulders and looked at the pavement.
‘Still feeling down?’ pressed her mum. ‘Listen, I hope I wasn’t too hard on you the other night. I thought about what you said about me not being involved in your life and I realise now that I’ve been neglecting you.’
‘No mum, I shouldn’t have said that. I was angry and upset and I didn’t mean it.’
‘But that does not stop it being true. Derek and I enjoy one another’s company and we had a lovely weekend away, but I want you to know that you are my number one. Always. I won’t let anything come between us and if you are feeling neglected then I am really sorry.’
‘It’s OK,’ said Angelina. ‘I want you to be happy, even if it is with Derek.’
‘Oh darling,’ her mum said putting her arm around her shoulder as they headed inside. ‘He really is a great person if you get to know him.’
‘You sure?’
‘Of course! And I’d love it if the two of you spent some time together and learned to get along.’
Angelina raised her eyebrows.
‘Well, one step at a time perhaps,’ her mum added.
‘So am I still grounded?’ ventured Angelina.
‘Well yes, for the weekend at least. I want you to realise how dangerous it is to go wandering off with strangers. I don’t know what you were thinking.’
Angelina opened her mouth to defend herself, but luckily good sense caught up with her tongue before it had a chance to undo all their progress. It would have been the shortest truce ever. Besides, there would be little chance of her going out and about even if she had been allowed to. She decided to simply knuckle down to her studies and ride it out.

Which is exactly what she did. Every piece of work that she had outstanding she tackled head-on with a bullish determination to get it all out of the way by the time the weekend was over. Geography, History, English and French; she soaked them all up like a sponge, and soon discovered that some of the work she had been putting off was not actually as bad as she had first thought. 
On Saturday night she worked through until nearly seven and then sat watching a DVD until she finally flaked out on the sofa. She awoke in the early hours of the morning to find that a blanket had been laid over her and a cushion tucked under her head. The sofa was so warm and cosy that she remained there for the rest of the night. 
In the morning she continued plugging away at her studies, slowly ticking off assignment after assignment until, when half past four arrived, she looked to find the next piece of work only to discover, much to her delight, that it was all done. She sat back on her bed with her back against the wall and heaved a big sigh, basking in the satisfaction of reaching her goal. She felt as though she had silenced dozens of nagging voices at the back of her mind and a great sense of calm descended on her. 
She closed her eyes and within a few seconds Zeus’ face drifted into view. She felt she knew every feature by now, the proud nose, the ever-present stubble, the small row of scars near the hairline, and the eyes. What eyes they were! Timeless they seemed, like a midnight pool of eternal depth and knowledge. Kind eyes, strong eyes, the eyes of a leader and a friend.
She held the thought for what felt like an age, her body and mind awash with a great sense of peace. Nothing could touch her, not in this moment. The trials of the living world were but a fading memory. It was a feeling of utter bliss.
When she opened her eyes she found that only a handful of minutes had passed, yet she felt as bright and refreshed as if she had just stepped out of the shower.
She wanted to go and see Zeus to see how he was and to make him proud with her dedication to her work. Yet her grounding remained in force and she knew what the consequences would be if she was found to have broken it. His face in her mind would suffice for the time being and she would go to see him the following day after her tuition.

Angelina’s mum arrived home at six with armfuls of food shopping and a number of rented DVDs. The evening was spent with the two of them curled up under a blanket on the sofa, having cooked and eaten a lovely lasagne. 
‘This was lovely darling,’ said Angelina’s mum when they had finished the films and were getting ready for bed. ‘You know it’s Guy Fawkes night tomorrow. Do you fancy going to watch some fireworks?’
Angelina’s mind sprang into life. She wanted to see fireworks, but she wanted to see Zeus even more and had hoped to combine the two.
‘I’ve arranged to go round to a friend’s house after my tuition,’ she said thinking quickly.
‘Oh yes?’ said her mum, a hint of suspicion in her voice.
‘Yes, a girl called Mandy from the hockey team. We’re doing an art project together.’
‘That’s nice dear, I’m sure you’ll do very well at it. Do let me have a look at it when you’re done.’
‘Yeah, well it’s probably going to run on into next term, but I will certainly show you when it’s finished.’
Angelina couldn’t believe that she had managed to come up with such a well-worked lie and get away with it. She did not like deceiving her mum, but it had been over half a week since she had seen or heard from Zeus and she was starting to get worried.

Her nerves continued into Monday as her anxiety levels increased. The last she had seen of Zeus was him walking away into the night following his confrontation with Derek. Doubts about his well being had crept into her mind following the mugging, and she had begun to wonder whether he would be there when she visited, or whether the events of Hallowe’en had prompted him to move away from Watford altogether. Perhaps he was angry with Angelina for the way her mother and Derek had treated him. Her thoughts were all so irrational, and yet she could not take a step back and consider things in a logical fashion. At least her efforts over the weekend did not go unnoticed and the praise she received from her teachers allowed a brief respite for her troubled mind.
By the time the end of the school day arrived she was close to being a nervous wreck. Unable to contain herself any longer she sprinted home so that she could get changed and head over to Zeus’ place in order to put her doubts to bed. She was in such a rush that as she sprinted down towards the Arches she forgot to pay attention to where she was going and collided with a man coming in the other direction. The man barely moved at the impact, while Angelina rebounded off him and was sent sprawling into the bushes. As she struggled to disentangle herself, a huge hand reached out, took hold of her arm and pulled her free.
She looked up to apologise and say ‘thank you’, but was horrified to see Derek’s Neanderthal face staring down at her.
‘Derek,’ she said trying to sound pleasantly surprised.
‘Ang’lina,’ he grunted. ‘Where you off to in such a hurry?’
‘I… err… art homework,’ she said trying to recall the lie she had told her mother.
‘Art homework?’ repeated Derek, his face screwed up in thought. He looked her up and down with his beady eyes. ‘Where are your paint brushes?’
‘Round my friend Mandy’s house. You see, I went round straight from school, but I had the feeling that it might get a bit messy so I just popped home to change out of my school uniform.’
 ‘Messy huh?’ said Derek with a loathsome smirk on his face. ‘Well I wouldn’t want to stop you and your friend from getting messy together. Off you go then.’
Angelina needed no additional encouragement. She sprinted off down the hill, but took a detour through Bushey Station to try and disguise where she was going. Derek’s unnerving smile was lodged in her mind and it made her shudder. He really was a quite despicable specimen of a man.
She turned left out of the station and within a few short moments had crossed onto the roundabout at the bottom of the hill. Her hands were shaking with nervous energy as she knocked on the door. Judas’ sudden bark from just the other side startled her and she took a step back as the door swung open. The dog leapt out to meet her almost knocking her off her feet.
‘Judas, heel!’ called Zeus from the doorway. The dog looked at him and barked, before gambolling round Angelina as she approached the door and threw her arms around Zeus. His arms enveloped her in a deep embrace and Angelina felt safe and whole again. She breathed in deeply his intoxicating aroma and smiled.
‘It’s so good to see you,’ she said, her voice muffled by his clothes.
‘It’s good to see you too,’ said Zeus mimicking her voice.
She looked up at him with eyes alive with light and joy.
‘I’ve missed you terribly. How have you been?’
Zeus closed the door and led her to the table.
‘I’ve been around,’ he said smiling. ‘Although I’ve been taking the opportunity to spend a little more time with the poor and needy in the area. I’ve been giving lessons in carpentry at a local homeless shelter, for those wishing to learn.’
‘Really, why?’
Zeus frowned. ‘To help them stand on their own two feet of course.’
‘Sorry, what I meant was, given that a certain small event is due to happen at the end of the year, what’s the point?’
‘The point is exactly the same as the one I gave when I encouraged you to continue with your studies. Life must go on right until the end, and for some that life is hard. I know I have not been sent back here to cure the ills of the world, but because of who I am I feel compelled to do what I can to help them, which is why I am putting my skills to good use.’
‘You could just use that billion pounds you’ve got in the bank.’
Zeus chuckled. ‘That’s hardly going to give them their dignity back now is it? Angelina, most of the people I see down there do not want endless riches. Most of them would not know what to do with a billion pounds if you gave it to them. Half would probably wind up dead within weeks. All they want is to be able to walk down the High Street and look the average man in the eye as an equal. That is all. It is not enough to just help them. You have to help them to help themselves.’
‘I’ve heard that sort of thing before,’ said Angelina. ‘They say that about the starving families in Africa. You can’t just give them food because when that’s gone they will be no better off.’
‘Exactly,’ said Zeus. ‘But even money cannot be enough sometimes. You can buy them everything they need to turn their lives around, but without the knowledge of what to do with it their situation is still hopeless. It is the responsibility of those with the knowledge and means to share what they have and to help them.’
‘So were there many people at your lessons?’
‘Quite a few actually. A dozen or so, which is more than I expected. I think it’s because I knew quite a few of the guys who spent time there already from my work on the streets. Anyway, how have your studies been going?’
‘Well, I spent the whole of the weekend on them and managed to clear every piece of work off my plate.’
‘Really? That’s great!’
Angelina glowed with pride. ‘I was grounded anyway, so there wasn’t exactly anywhere else for me to be.’
‘Grounded eh?’ said Zeus raising his eyebrows. ‘How are things between you and your mum now?’
‘OK, I think,’ said Angelina. ‘It’s more of an uneasy truce between us. I am banned from seeing you though.’
‘Oh. So… how come you made it round here?’
‘I… err…’ Angelina stared guiltily at her hands. ‘I’m doing an art project. Your name’s Mandy if anyone asks.’
‘It’s been a while since I’ve been called that,’ smiled Zeus.
At that moment a succession of loud bangs were heard from outside. Judas gave a howl and hid under the table.
‘Aha! Guy Fawkes night tonight,’ said Zeus. ‘Fancy going to see some fireworks?’
‘That’s half the reason I’m here,’ said Angelina.
‘Know any good places to go?’
‘There’s a car park up near Old Redding that has a view over towards Harrow. It’s a little way to go but we could catch a bus up there.’
‘Sold,’ said Zeus. ‘Lead the way.’
They left the house and crossed the roundabout to a nearby bus stop where the buses heading for Harrow and Stanmore stopped. They got on a number 258 bus that took them out of town past the green fields of Bushey Heath and on towards Harrow. Inside ten minutes they had gotten off and were walking up the road towards the secluded car park.
‘I think this is the place where kids my age or thereabouts come to do drugs and have sex,’ said Angelina.
‘Really?’ said Zeus stroking his stubble thoughtfully. ‘Blimey, they do start young nowadays.’ He thought for a bit longer before adding, ‘But I guess things are not so different now. I knew young girls when I lived in Galilee who sold themselves so they could afford to eat. Some parents even sold their children for such purposes.’
‘That’s horrible!’ exclaimed Angelina.
‘That it is, but often the poor have little choice. Back then sons were assets. They could be put to work and help keep the family going. Daughters were just more mouths to feed.’
‘Why didn’t people just stop having babies then?’
‘It’s a tricky balance to strike between raising a family who will be able to support you when you grow old and raising one too large to support when you are young. Yet it all still happens to this day. I know of plenty of places where young girls are sent out to work the streets. It is very sad, and it is certainly no way for a child to start out in life.’
They turned off the dark lane and entered the car park through the arch of twisted metalwork that was supposed to stop large vehicles from coming in. They picked their way between the muddy puddles to the edge of the hilltop and found a free bench seat that looked out over Middlesex. Already they could see fireworks going off in a number of locations away in the distance. The sky was overcast, but it was not too cold and they sat for close to an hour watching various displays start and finish.
Occasionally they would be interrupted by the crunch of tyres on gravel and the beams of a car’s headlights would sweep across the car park as the driver looked for somewhere to stop. Every now and then the unmistakable smell of marijuana would drift past their noses, but it did not bother Angelina in the slightest. She was spending time with Zeus and that was all that mattered. 
‘Beautiful, aren’t they?’ said Zeus after a while.
‘Yes,’ replied Angelina dreamily.
‘I’ve never seen fireworks before.’
‘Really? Never?’
‘Never ever,’ smiled Zeus.
‘Wow. There are so many things I just take for granted. Hey, if you want to delay that whole end of the world apocalypse thing for ten or fifteen minutes you’ll see some great ones for the New Year celebrations.’
‘I’ll think about it,’ chuckled Zeus.
A short while later Angelina had a quick look at her phone to see whether her mum had tried to contact her.
‘Hey, I’d best get going,’ she said. ‘It’s nearly nine o’clock. My mum will start to wonder at my sudden interest in art!’
They wandered back down the dark lane to the main road and waited for a bus to arrive. As it happened they had just missed one and had to wait a further forty minutes as the night deepened and the wind picked up.
‘Bloody typical,’ muttered Angelina stamping her feet, for the wind had turned what had been a mild evening into a distinctly chilly one.
‘The one time you take a bus…’ said Zeus.
‘Exactly! Public transport round here is crap. No wonder everyone uses their cars.’
‘There seem to be plenty of trains though.’
‘Yeah, but they run to quite a relaxed timescale. Basically, you’ll get one if you’re lucky.’
Zeus laughed. ‘A bit like Fiji then. Everything runs on Fiji-time.’
‘Since when have you been to Fiji?’
‘Since April. It was one of the places I visited before settling here.’
Angelina looked at him, astonished. 
‘And you chose Watford over Fiji?’
‘Had to put my work first I’m afraid. It’s a shame really. Watford-time doesn’t quite have the same ring to it.’
‘OK, so where else did you go before choosing this magnificent town?’
‘Oh, all over really. I spent quite a lot of time in Africa and the Middle East, as well as visiting Southeast Asia and parts of South America.’
‘Bloody hell!’ exclaimed Angelina. ‘That’s more than most people would expect to see in a lifetime. Where was your favourite place?’
‘Hmm, I stopped off at the Galapagos Islands on the way over to South America. It was like going back to the world as my Father intended. I also paid a visit to Jerusalem, which despite modernisation has not changed all that much since I was last there. Many of the buildings still stand and there is still this underlying feeling of religious tension and discord among its people. It was quite something to be back there.’
Finally the bus arrived and they were whisked back into town. At the Arches they parted and Angelina made her way home. She crept into the flat, but was not challenged by either her mother or Derek. Tired but happy, she turned in for the night.

Angelina awoke the following morning full of energy, and it stayed with her for the rest of the week. She blitzed her classes and received praise from many of her teachers for her progress over the course of the term. These compliments only served to spur her on, and she ended the week on a high, flushed with success and looking forward to spending more time with Zeus.
She called round on Friday evening straight after school, but found that he was not at home. Undeterred, she headed into town the following morning to find him. Midday came and went without any sign of him. The spot he usually occupied outside Marks and Spencer remained vacant, and the town seemed all the drearier because of it. Angelina paced through the Harlequin Centre, idly looking in shop windows and wondering where he could be. She stopped for a smoothie in Starbucks for a short while before continuing with her search. She walked up to the top of the High Street, as she had on numerous occasions, but he was nowhere to be seen.
‘OK,’ she told herself as she walked back down past the parade of shops and bars. ‘This has happened before. Sometimes he doesn’t make it in until mid-afternoon. The chances are he’ll be back in his usual spot when I get back there.’
She was trying to remain optimistic, but already her mood was beginning to drop and she began to feel that her weekend was becoming meaningless. When she caught sight of a figure outside M&S though, she was lifted for a moment. However, as she got closer she realised that it was not he, but someone else selling the Big Issue in his spot. The cheek of it!
Now she was feeling really blue and had run out of ideas so she trudged home miserably and spent the rest of the afternoon lying on her bed gazing listlessly up at the ceiling, while the melancholic sound of Coldplay drifted from the speakers of her stereo.
At five o’clock she headed down to the Arches and knocked on Zeus’ door, but there was no light shining from underneath and she got no reply. She returned home feeling even more downcast.
Where on earth was he? Why did he not mention going away when they had met earlier in the week? She felt lost without him.
At seven she headed down again but with little hope of him being there. Upon receiving no reply again she berated herself for her sudden dependency on his company, and tried to think of something to take her mind off him. It was not easy. After several fruitless attempts she decided to turn to the only other person she truly trusted - Spongebob. She put on one of her DVDs, and before she knew it Sunday had arrived and she was lying on the sofa with her duvet on top of her. 
With a sudden shock of realisation she remembered that she had a hockey game that morning, and that it was away at a school in St Albans, which meant that she would need to get to her school in time to make the coach.
She sprang to life and leapt into the shower, which she allowed to run for all of three minutes before getting out again and dressing herself. She stuffed a box of cereal in with her kit and hurried out of the door. It was a grey and dreary morning, with little prospect for any improvement. She trudged down the hill as a perpetual drizzle soaked her jeans so that they stuck to her legs.
She arrived at the school gates just as the rest of the team were trooping onto the coach.
‘There you are Angelina,’ exclaimed Mrs Watson upon seeing her. ‘We were about to leave without you.’
‘Sorry Miss,’ said Angelina. ‘Blame Mrs Adcock for all that maths homework she’s given us. You know how it is.’
Mrs Watson gave her a sidelong look.
‘Alright you, jump onboard,’ she smiled.
Angelina slung her kit into the storage compartment and climbed onto the bus. It was already heaving with students, for several of the other year groups were also playing matches, but she found a free seat next to a girl her own age called Amy Webster.
‘Hi Angelina,’ said Amy cheerfully as she sat down. The girl had obviously been awake for far longer than Angelina had. ‘Looking forward to the game?’
Amy was one of the few girls on the team with whom Angelina could actually stand holding a conversation. Sure, she talked about boys and TV shows and music, much the same as the rest of them. But there was none of the self-satisfied smugness that the other girls exuded. While most of them seemed in constant competition with one another, Amy just sat back and let everything run its course. She was a pretty girl. In fact she could have probably had any boy their age if she’d wanted. Except that unlike the other girls she chose not to. She had class. Not the fake kind, defined by what she wore or whom she hung out with, but the true kind, defined by her actions and the way she carried herself. Needless to say that the other girls had no appreciation for such qualities, and merely thought her snooty and frigid. Indeed, Angelina spent so much time absorbed in her own world that she had never given Amy a huge amount of time herself, but this morning she was glad of the company.
‘I guess so,’ she said in response to Amy’s question. ‘I don’t think I’ve been up for long enough to worry about it.’
‘Hey, it’s only a game of hockey, so nothing to get worried about. Late night was it? Were you watching that film over on Channel 5 too?’
‘Which one was that?’
‘Seven Years in Tibet. You know, the one with Brad Pitt in it? I started watching it, meaning to go to bed, and the next thing I knew it was ending and it was well past midnight. Still, I was glad I watched it. It was an excellent movie. So, what were you watching?’
‘Err… just a couple of DVDs,’ said Angelina, momentarily ashamed to admit to liking Spongebob.
‘Really, anything good?’ pressed Amy.
‘Actually I was watching Spongebob Squarepants,’ said Angelina deciding to go for broke, although she tried not to say it too loud in case the other girls heard.
Amy looked surprised, but not scornful.
‘I watched it a lot when my parents split up,’ continued Angelina, by way of an explanation. ‘I still put it on every now and then.’
‘When you’re feeling a little sad?’
Angelina looked up.
‘I do the same,’ said Amy. ‘Although I do it with Disney films.’
Angelina was surprised to have received such an understanding reaction.
‘Really?’ she asked.
‘Oh yes. My foster parents are good to me and all that, but I miss my real mum and dad quite a lot.’
‘Why, what happened to them?’ Angelina had asked the question before any of the potential consequences sprung to mind.
‘Oh they both died several years ago.’ It was amazing how Amy managed to say it in such a matter-of-fact way. ‘It was a car crash. I think my dad had been drink driving. I was round a friend’s house so I wasn’t in the car with them.’
Angelina was speechless. Quite apart from the tragic circumstances Amy had described, what left her most astonished was the calm and objective way in which the girl spoke about them.
‘So, what was upsetting you last night?’ Amy asked. Angelina’s troubles had suddenly been thrown into sharp relief. She did not know what to say.
‘I… I have a friend. ‘He… err… has gone away and I don’t know when I’ll next see him.’
It sounded so pathetic. She felt ashamed of her self-indulgent sorrow.
‘That’s a shame. Was he your boyfriend?’
‘Oh no, nothing like that,’ said Angelina, waving her arm dismissively. She felt a sudden sense of discomfort about disclosing her inner feelings to a relative stranger. The bus had started moving and they were on St Albans Road, heading beneath the underpass.
‘It’ll be OK though,’ said Amy, seemingly unaware of Angelina’s reluctance about the subject. ‘I’m sure you’ll see him again, and in the mean time just think about all the good memories you shared. That’s what I do.’
‘Does that work?’ asked Angelina. ‘I mean really work? You see I tried that when my parents split up, but all I ever ended up thinking about was their arguments. It was always ended in tears.’
Amy looked at her compassionately.
‘Perhaps it just takes time. I cried a lot at first when my parents passed on, but now I know that no amount of tears will bring them back and I’m certain they would not want me to be miserable for the rest of my life because of it. So I just get on with it and only think about the happy times I had with them.’
‘Wow,’ said Angelina. ‘You know, I could tell you had that kind of attitude towards life without really knowing you, but I had no idea what lay behind it. Does anyone else know about your parents?’
‘No, I don’t think so,’ shrugged Amy. ‘You’re the first person who I’ve felt like telling.’
‘But you barely know me!’
‘Yes, but you’re different from the other girls. I just felt comfortable talking to you about it.’
They chatted away happily for the rest of the journey, and for the first time in ages Angelina felt like she had a friend her own age she could talk to about anything.

Buoyed by this new friendship, Angelina approached the match with a renewed sense of urgency, fighting doggedly for the ball and trying to keep her team together, in what was a scrappy encounter that was not helped by poor weather and a heavily broken up pitch. Angelina’s team put in a good performance, defending hard against fierce opposition, and while they failed to carve out any clear-cut opportunities of their own, they kept the St Albans team at bay and came out of the match with a well-earned draw.
‘You played brilliantly,’ said Amy as the two girls sat down together on the homeward bus. 
‘Oh I wouldn’t say that any of us played brilliantly,’ said Angelina dismissively. ‘But everyone played their part for the first time and the results are shown by the scoreline.’
‘Do you think the team is good enough to go on and win some games in the New Year?’ asked Amy.
There was a pause while Angelina bit her tongue and thought very hard about her reply.
‘I think so,’ she said eventually with a smile that she hoped did not look too forced.
‘Oh I do hope so,’ said Amy eagerly. ‘It would be nice just once to come off the pitch at the end of a match with my head held high.’
‘You should be holding it high now. That was the best performance this team has put in all season.’
‘You’re right,’ said Amy with a broad grin. ‘I shall.’
A short while later the bus pulled up outside the gates of their school. They disembarked and fetched their kit bags from the storage bay.
‘Well then,’ said Amy. ‘I guess I’ll see you on Monday.’
‘Unless… err… you want to come back to my Mum’s flat and veg out?’ suggested Angelina. ‘It’s only a short walk.’
‘Oooh I’d like that,’ said Amy. ‘Oh, except there are my foster parents pulling up now. I’d better head home with them. But next week sometime?’
‘Sure,’ said Angelina. ‘See you tomorrow then.’
As Angelina walked home she felt doubly satisfied with the morning’s events. A good result and a new friend; she was very happy. 

As November drew on and there continued to be no sign of Zeus returning Angelina felt increasingly grateful for her blossoming friendship with Amy. Since the hockey game the two of them had become inseparable, and there was barely an evening when one wasn’t round the other’s house doing their homework together and talking endlessly about their fellow classmates and the parties they had been to.
Yes, Angelina even found herself on the list of invitations to some of the parties her classmates held on the weekends. Despite their poorly disguised jealously of her, it turned out the girls in their class invited Amy along quite regularly, although it was clear that this was down to the amount of male attention her looks attracted. When they realised that Amy would not put in an appearance without Angelina there, they were quick to ask her along too.
Both girls laughed at the hypocrisy of it all and enjoyed the evenings out at the local community centres. They resolved that on the whole, a night out was better than a night in, and they both enjoyed a good dance while the other girls tried desperately to lure away the groups of boys that watched their every move.
December arrived and there was no let-up in Angelina’s hectic social schedule. With parties and hockey games on the weekend complementing her tuition and training during the week, she found she barely had a night free to herself. It was close to the first weekend of the month and there was a buzz about school because Chardonnay Willis was holding her birthday party on the Saturday at her parent’s large house up in Oxhey Woods. It seemed as though most of their year group had been invited, as well as many others from other years, and the evening promised to be interesting, if not spectacular.
Amy had suggested that they both head into town in the morning to find something to wear and Angelina was excited, for she had never been shopping for clothes with anyone except her mum. Having had little spare time to spend any money over the past few weeks, she had a modest amount set aside and was looking forward to a girly shopping trip.
On the Friday, Amy came round to hers after school and they drew up their plan for the next day. They decided to meet up in town early, outside the main entrance to the Harlequin centre. From there they would scour its entire length and breadth on both levels before deciding on what to buy. Then, all being well, they would stop at Starbucks for a smoothie and a muffin, before going back to Angelina’s flat to get ready.

The following afternoon arrived and everything had gone according to plan. Both girls had found outfits they liked and they had arranged for Amy’s parents to take and collect them from the party. As they waited for their car to arrive they discussed the prospects for the evening.
‘So do you think Chardonnay’s parents will be there to watch over their house?’ asked Amy.
‘Probably not,’ replied Angelina. ‘Have you met them?’
‘No.’
‘They couldn’t care less what Chardonnay gets up to. I saw them at one of the parent-teacher consultations. They are still pikeys at heart.’
Amy giggled.
‘Well we’d better make the most of it then,’ she said. ‘I’d hate to miss out on the opportunity to party without any grown-ups watching over us. Did you hear what happened at her last party?’
Angelina shook her head. 
‘One of her mates, Sarah Unsworth I think, found where Chardonnay’s dad kept his booze and got herself absolutely smashed. They had to call an ambulance and everything.’
‘Really? Wow, I have been missing out.’
‘Not really,’ said Amy. ‘Have you ever tried beer or vodka or anything like that?’
‘Only wine and only very occasionally.’
‘Well it’s all foul. At least that’s what I think. Maybe I’ve just got a sweet tooth, but what I’ve tried has all been too bitter for my taste.’
‘I’ll take your word for it,’ said Angelina. ‘Look, your folks have arrived.’

It was only a five-minute drive to Chardonnay’s house, though it was still far too far for Amy to walk in the heeled shoes she had bought. Angelina had gone for a pair of fur-lined boots with tights, a denim skirt and a sparkly top to go with them. She had never dressed up as smartly or in such a girly way before, and if it had not been for Amy looking equally as girly she would have been way outside her comfort zone.
The lights of South Oxhey floated by as they passed the parade of shops on Prestwick Road where gangs of kids her age hung around smoking and kicking litter around aimlessly. Soon the lights had all but faded and they had reached the edge of Oxhey Wood. 
‘Where is it, did you say?’ asked Amy’s foster dad as they cruised slowly up the hill.
‘Just around the corner on the left,’ replied Amy.
The car turned off into a gated development that they were only allowed into after permission had been given via a voice entry system.
‘This is how the other half live,’ Amy’s dad could be heard saying as the car passed through the gates and drove between the rows of impressive-looking houses.
Chardonnay’s house was not hard to spot. It had been extensively decked out in gaudy lights and streamers and there were already hordes of teenagers outside, some smoking, some fighting (boys mostly) and some huddled together in groups whispering and sniggering to one another. 
With one or two raised eyebrows Amy’s parents dropped them off and left, telling them they would be back at midnight to pick them up again.
The two girls straightened their skirts and walked up the front path hand in hand. As they neared the front door Chardonnay stepped out of it with a couple of friends in tow. She was wearing a bright pink halter-neck top and a leather skirt that did little to hide the rolls of flab around her tummy.
‘Amy!’ she cried upon seeing them and she trotted forward and gave her a kiss on each cheek in a display of affection that was so fake as to be cringe-worthy.
Then she looked across at Angelina. ‘Alright,’ she said with the briefest of nods.
‘Happy Birthday Chardonnay,’ said Angelina with a smile that showed that she could happily tolerate the girl’s rudeness for the sake of a good evening.
‘There’s drinks and food inside,’ said Chardonnay turning to Amy again. ‘Help yourself.’
Then she noticed another group of people arriving and headed off in their direction with her followers in tow. Angelina laughed and shook her head as they walked up to the house.
‘As charming as ever,’ she said.
‘Oh she’s harmless,’ said Amy clutching her arm as they stepped inside. ‘Anyway, despite what she may think, she’s not the reason we’re here. Let’s see what this place is like.’

The inside of Chardonnay’s house turned out to be just as tasteless as the outside. From the eye-wateringly lairy paintwork to the faux-Roman and Greek mannequins, it all smacked of trying too hard to show some class and missing the mark completely. Only the kitchen, where a wide range of drinks and nibbles had been set out across the central island units, showed any kind of genuine inspiration, though again, the choice of colours left a lot to be desired. There was music playing loudly from within the vast lounge and the whole house was absolutely teeming with people. Angelina had only seen such a sight in American teen movies and had not believed that parties of the sort actually happened in the UK. Chardonnay certainly had pulled out all the stops.
Amy and Angelina spent much of the evening perched upon the work tops in the kitchen where the music was not deafening and the food and drink were close to hand. They chattered to their classmates as they came and went and Angelina was introduced to a number of boys she had seen hanging around at other parties. They were having a great time, especially Amy, who was getting merrier and more animated as the evening wore on.
At about ten thirty Amy, who had been drinking some sort of punch all evening, grabbed Angelina by the hand and shouted, ‘Come on Angel, let’s go for a dance.’ At which point she leapt off the counter onto the floor. Unfortunately she forgot about the size of the heels she was wearing, and as she landed, her left foot skidded out from underneath her on a patch of spilt drink and she fell in a heap on the floor.
‘Amy, Amy, are you OK?’ cried Angelina hopping down and kneeling beside her. To her surprise, Amy was laughing. She looked up at Angelina with blood seeping from a cut on her forehead.
‘Whoops!’ she giggled.
‘Hey, we’d better get you cleaned up,’ said Angelina helping her to her feet.
‘No, I want to go dancing,’ said Amy staggering slightly.
‘OK, but first let’s go to the bathroom.’
A number of people stopped and stared at them as Angelina led Amy out of the kitchen and to the large cloakroom off the main hallway. Once inside they closed and locked the door and Angelina sat Amy down on the toilet while she got the tap running. 
‘You OK there?’ she asked as she watched Amy sway gently from side to side.
‘Yeah I think so,’ said Amy dreamily as Angelina dabbed a cloth against the cut and began to stem the flow of blood.
Then suddenly Amy’s eyes widened. ‘Actually, maybe not,’ she said, slipping sideways off the toilet seat and throwing up into the bowl. Quite how she managed to do it all in one graceful movement was a thought that stuck in Angelina’s mind for only a second, before she realised that she needed to get Amy home.
‘Amy, I’m going to ring your parents and get them to pick us up,’ she said.
‘OK,’ echoed Amy’s voice from deep within the bowl. ‘Their number is on my mobile.’
Angelina fished around in Amy’s handbag and found her phone.
‘Right, is it under ‘Home’?’
‘No that’s my real mum and dad’s house. Or was. Try Mr and Mrs Foster.’
Angelina scrolled to the number.
‘Hang on,’ she said. ‘Are you saying your foster parents are actually called Foster?’
‘Like that’s your biggest concern at the moment,’ said Amy taking her head out of the toilet. The ends of her hair were matted with sick and her mascara had run badly.
‘Right,’ said Angelina, and she rang the number.
‘Hi Mrs Foster…? Yes, it’s Angelina Marsh here… Amy’s not very well, could you come and pick us up please…? Yes, as soon as you can… Thanks… Bye.’
‘They’ll be here as soon as they can,’ said Angelina reaching forward to try and catch Amy’s hair as she threw up again.

Twenty minutes later Amy’s phone rang and the Fosters told them they were at the gate. Angelina then escorted Amy out of the toilet and ushered her towards the front door. On the way they bumped into Chardonnay.
‘Ooh she doesn’t look too good,’ she said with a smirk. ‘Can’t handle her drink huh?’
‘She’s not well,’ said Angelina shortly. ‘I’m taking her home. Can you open the main gate please?’
‘I heard you pushed her off the counter,’ said Chardonnay gleefully. ‘What did you do that for?’
‘Forget it,’ said Angelina and she led Amy out into the street to a chorus of disdainful laughter. Luckily Mr and Mrs Foster had somehow managed to get through the gate and were waiting for them.
‘Christ Angelina, what happened to her?’ asked Mr Foster helping them into the car.
‘I think it was the punch sir. There must have been something nasty in it.’
‘Why has she got a cut on her face.’
‘She fell over as she was getting off a work surface. I’m so sorry.’
‘It’s not your fault. But that does look nasty. Maybe we ought to run her down to A&E just in case. Do you mind if we drop you home?’
Angelina shook her head. ‘Just let me know that she’s all right,’ she said.

It felt like only a few moments had passed before Angelina found herself standing at the entrance to her block of flats, watching as the Foster’s car disappeared out of sight. It was eleven o’clock and her night had ended in the worst possible way. Crestfallen, she turned and headed inside.
She took her shoes off before climbing the staircase to the first floor. Her feet were hurting. She wasn’t exactly sure why – the two of them had not managed to even get as far as the dance floor. It must have been the shoes themselves. She was feeling pretty tired and was looking forward to her bed.
She reached into her handbag for her keys and opened the front door. A light was on in the lounge.
‘Hi mum,’ she called as she hung her coat up on a hook in the hallway.
‘Your mum’s out,’ came Derek’s voice, shortly followed by his big round head from over the top of the sofa, where he was lying watching the TV. ‘She won’t be back until later.’
Then he caught sight of Angelina all dressed up and whistled through his teeth. ‘What have you been up to?’
‘I’ve been at a party,’ said Angelina with a look of disgust. ‘I’m tired now and I’m off to bed.’
With that she went into her room and closed the door behind her. She flopped down on her bed, closed her eyes and tried to figure out where the evening had gone wrong. She and Amy had been having a good time, and while Amy had been drinking punch from a large bowl all evening, she had not shown any adverse effects until she had got up to go dancing. Doubtless Chardonnay had raided her parent’s drinks stash beforehand and mixed in a few choice ingredients. Angelina had seen drunken people before. It was hard to avoid them in Watford, especially in the evenings, but this was the first time she’d had to deal with one herself. Poor Amy. Her head would be sore in more than ways than one in the morning.
As Angelina lay there lost in her reflections, she almost missed the sound of her door closing again.
She opened her eyes. Derek was standing there at the foot of her bed with a rather unnerving smile on his face.
‘Don’t you know how to knock?’ said Angelina angrily.
‘Err… your mum told me to tell you that she’s sorry for having to work late tonight.’
Angelina stared at him. She was not sure what worried her more, Derek being in her room, or Derek actually stringing a coherent sentence together.
‘I thought she wasn’t supposed to be working late any more,’ she replied flatly.
‘Well she still has bills to pay,’ said Derek. ‘She also said that since she and I have been together a while now that you and I should make more of an effort to get to know one another a little better.’
With that he perched himself on the end of her bed. The mattress springs creaked under his large bulk. Angelina tucked her legs in close to her chest and rested her chin on her knees. This was the last thing she needed to be dealing with.
‘Well I’m fine with that, but it’s a little late now and it has been a long evening,’ she said, willing for him to get up and leave the room.
‘I bet it has. So, who’s party was it you went to dressed up like that?’
He was ignoring her hints and Angelina was starting to become really uncomfortable about the way he was looking at her.
‘Just a girl from school,’ said Angelina looking anywhere but into his leering eyes.
She felt the mattress move and looked up to find that he had shifted closer to her.
‘You know, I get to see an awful lot of young girls all dressed up like that in my line of business, but you… you’re something special.’
Now Angelina was starting to panic. There was no way she could escape such a huge brute of a man. Her only hope was for him to leave of his own accord.
‘Please, I’m tired, I want to go to bed,’ she said, recoiling further so that she was sitting entirely on top of her pillow.
‘But that’s what I want too,’ said Derek reaching out and stroking the bottom of her leg.
The physical contact caused Angelina to spring to her feet, knocking over the lamp on her bedside table as she went.
‘I think you should leave,’ she spat, pointing at the door.
‘Oh I’m not going anywhere,’ said Derek getting up off the bed. The false look of friendliness had evaporated from his face.
‘Get out!’ shouted Angelina.
Derek lunged forwards and she barely had a chance to scream before a huge hand clamped over her mouth and an arm like an anaconda enveloped her body. She tried to struggle free, kicking and punching and scratching for all she was worth, but it was hopeless. In a single movement he picked her up and threw her face down onto the bed, pinning her body down and burying her face into the pillow with a hand on the back of her head.
She screamed out silently, tears streaming from her eyes and her breath ragged from the lack of air. She heard the rattle of a belt buckle, then a zip being undone and she cried in fear and humiliation as she felt his hand tugging at her skirt. She knew what was coming. They had all been warned at school about strange men, but she never in her life thought that it could happen in her own home. In her own room! With every gasped breath she pleaded with him, but the words fell dead upon the pillow. Then in a moment of utmost defeat she just closed her eyes and prayed.
Through the darkness that had taken over her world there came a voice. It was soothing and peaceful, filling Angelina with calm. She felt a huge weight lift from her body and found that she was able to move again. Gasping, she rolled onto her back and scrambled away, cowering in the furthest corner of her bed as the room swam back into view.
Zeus was there. It did not surprise her that he was the first thing her mind picked up on when she could see clearly again. He was everything to her. Her heart had longed to see him again. Where he had come from and how he came to be in the room she did not know. He was there and she felt safe.
‘What the hell are you doing here?’
It was Derek talking. His voice had a hint of surprise as well as anger.
‘You know exactly why I’m here,’ said Zeus, his face as calm and unmoving as a millpond. ‘I’m here to ensure that you do not lay another finger on that poor girl.’
Derek snorted. ‘You can’t make me do anything. How about you leave while you can still walk?’
‘How about I stay?’ said Zeus taking a step into the room. ‘That girl has done you no wrong. You will not touch her again.’
Derek bristled. ‘I’m warning you mate. Get lost before I punch your lights out.’
Zeus looked at him blankly. ‘This should be good,’ he said with the slightest of nods in Angelina’s direction.
‘Right, that’s it,’ said Derek. He raised his huge pumpkin of a right fist and swung it with all his immense strength at Zeus’ head.
Angelina cowered further into the corner.
At the moment of impact there was a blinding flash and Zeus’ voice could be heard saying, ‘I will carry out great vengeance on them and punish them in my wrath…’
He remained completely motionless as Derek’s huge body was cast down on to the floor in crumpled heap.
‘… then they will know that I am the Lord, when I take vengeance on them.’
He looked over at Angelina, a kind smile on his face.
‘Ezekiel 25 verse 17,’ he said. 
Angelina stared back at him blankly. She was shaking. Zeus sat down on the edge of the bed next to her.
‘Come here my child,’ he said, reaching out his hand.
Angelina buried her face in his jumper and burst into floods of tears. She felt betrayed, humiliated and empty. But at the same time Zeus was with her and she felt safe and secure once more. Never before had such a torrid mixture of emotions overrun her heart, and her mind was in no fit state to reason with them. So she just clung tightly to Zeus, blocking out the world that had let her down so cruelly, and sobbed her heart out.

Some time later Angelina heard the front door go. She had no idea how much time had passed, or whether or not Derek’s body still lay prostrate on the floor. She kept clinging hold of the one person she knew would never let her down.
‘Angelina? Angelina?’
Her mother’s voice entered the void that had filled her mind. The next thing she heard was her mum screaming. She looked up with bloodshot eyes.
‘You! YOU! What have done to hi… GET YOUR FILTHY HANDS OFF MY DAUGHTER!’
Angelina’s mum was in her bedroom looking from Zeus to Angelina to Derek and back again, aghast. Her face was bright red with fury and she looked like she was seconds away from throwing something.
‘My dear…’ started Zeus, his arms spread in supplication, but Angelina finally found her voice again and interrupted him.
‘Mum it’s OK. He’s OK. Please, stop shouting.’
Her mother stared at her tear stained face for a moment. Then she looked bewilderedly from Zeus to Derek and from Derek to Zeus, unable to fathom what was going on. Slowly Angelina got to her feet and embraced her, tears welling up in her eyes once more.
‘My darling, what on earth has happened?’ asked her mum kneeling down in front of her. But Angelina had gone again. She sobbed uncontrollably and could no longer muster the power of speech.
‘My dear,’ said Zeus again. ‘If I may… This man assaulted your daughter. He was waiting for her when she returned from the party. I do not think she is physically hurt, but she needs your love, now more than ever.’
Angelina’s mother looked at Derek’s prone form in wide-eyed disbelief.
‘No, it’s not possible. You’re lying,’ she said shaking her head.
Angelina clutched at her and her sobs intensified.
‘You. Why are you here? How did you get into my house?’
Zeus rose to his feet and suddenly his mighty presence filled the entire room. Angelina didn’t need to look. She could feel his power permeating every cell in her body and she knew that he was revealing his true self. Her mother gasped and dropped face down to the floor.
‘My Lord, I’m so sorry. Please forgive me,’ she said.
Zeus reached down, took her hand and gently lifted her to her feet.
‘Forgiveness is my middle name,’ he said with a kind smile. Then he added, ‘Actually it’s Frank, but you know what I mean.’
He gave Angelina a wink and she couldn’t help but laugh.
‘You’d better call the police,’ he said to Angelina’s mum. She nodded, and with a worried glance at her daughter, she left the room.
‘Let’s get you a hot drink,’ said Zeus, guiding Angelina through the door as well. ‘Then I had best be off before the fuzz show up.’
‘Don’t go!’ said Angelina clutching his arm tightly.
He looked down at her, his eyes filled with compassion, and said, ‘I would never leave you Angelina Marsh.’

It was six o’clock in the morning and Angelina was lying on the sofa with a blanket over her. The lights were off, but on the TV a bright yellow face smiled gormlessly out at her. Spongebob would keep her company while her mum slept in the room next door. Angelina couldn’t sleep. She was too afraid to close her eyes. She doubted she would ever be able to sleep again. She lay awake while outside the onset of dawn marched ever closer.
The police had arrived within minutes of her mother’s call. Three panda cars had pulled up and an assortment of officers of different sizes and genders had trooped into the flat. Shortly afterwards they had all been whisked off to the police station in town for questioning, including Zeus, who true to his word had remained with Angelina. There had been an awful lot of explaining to do. In fairness to the police, they were dealing with quite a complex situation. Both Zeus and Derek had been found in a flat they didn’t live in with a thirteen-year-old girl. It did not look very good. Angelina was emotionally and physically drained and had frequently broken down into floods of tears and asked to be returned home. Eventually they relented and she and her mother were driven home. Zeus had to remain behind for further questioning. The police had clearly had dealings with him before, and had quickly jumped to the conclusion that he had been the villain of the piece. Derek, however, was not able to defend his case. He remained unconscious with no visible signs of injury, which baffled the medical staff greatly. They were told he would be kept in for observation and questioning.

When Angelina awoke it was to the smiling face of her mother and the smell of a lovely fried breakfast. She was surprised, because she had no idea when she had drifted off to sleep. It was half past three in the afternoon, which meant that most of the daylight had already passed, but Angelina had no intentions of going outside.
She sat up and took the large plate her mother offered her. She was ravenous, having not eaten for nearly a whole day, and she tucked in heartily and cleared her plate within minutes. Then she noticed something on the coffee table in front of her. It was a brown leather-bound book that had seen a fair amount of use. The pages were crinkled and the corners battered. Upon it’s cover was stuck a yellow post-it note. She picked it up and examined it more closely. The note said simply, ‘2 Thessalonians, Chapter 1.’ She opened the bible and flicked through the thin sheets of paper until she saw 2 Thessalonians at the top of the page. She turned to the beginning of Chapter 1 and began to read.
The passage was not long and spoke briefly about a people who had weathered hard times and were rewarded for it at the end of their lives. Angelina had never really given much time to the scriptures, but this was straightforward and to the point and it was just what she needed to hear.
‘When did he call round?’ she asked her mum, who was over by the kitchen sink doing some washing-up.
‘About midday.’ She dried her hands and came and sat down next to her daughter. ‘He said to remember everything you’ve spoken about and to remain positive. He apologised also because he will not be around this week, but he promised to come and visit on Saturday. I must say he was quite a gent, and he even offered us some money so that I can take time off to look after you.’
Angelina smiled. ‘He is a gent. He’s the nicest person I have ever met.’
Her mother suddenly burst into tears.
‘Angelina I’m so sorry for everything. If I’d known what Derek was like, what he was capable of, I’d never have had anything to do with him. I’m so, so sorry.’
She buried her head in her hands and wept. Angelina’s eyes were tearful too, and she reached across and put her arm around her mother’s shoulders.
‘Mum, Mum it’s OK. Really. I’m all right. You weren’t to know.’
‘But you saw through him. You never liked him. Not from the moment you first met him.’
‘Yes, but that was because I just found him a bit sleazy. I did not think he would ever try something like that.’
‘Well, I feel I’ve let you down in every possible way. I’ve let my personal life get in the way of our relationship and have ultimately ended up hurting you badly. I’ve not been the mother I should have.’
‘But Mum, don’t you see? None of it matters. Zeus is watching over us. He stopped Derek before anything really bad happened and he will always be here for us.’
Her mum looked up and managed a weak smile.
‘Zeus?’ she said. ‘Is that what he likes to be called?’
‘He finds it easier than Jesus.’
The smile grew.
‘How long… how long have you known him for?’
‘Since the start of term. He sells the Big Issue in town. That’s where I met him. And he’s living down under the Arches, behind the door where they bricked it up earlier this year.’
‘My God… I mean… I never had an inkling. Why didn’t you tell me?’
‘I didn’t think you’d believe me. He looks like a tramp most of the time. I guess I thought you’d assume he was some kind of child molester.’
‘Funny how things turn out,’ said her mum with a rueful laugh.
‘So what’s he doing here?’
‘That’s kind of a difficult question,’ said Angelina. ‘I think you’re better off having a chat with him when he comes round.’
‘OK. I shall. So what now?’
‘Well, I’m going to have a shower, then I was planning on watching lots of DVDs. Would you like to watch them with me?’
‘I would not be anywhere else, my darling.’

As it turned out, Angelina was back in school on the Wednesday, following a couple of day’s rest and a number of visits from the police to discuss details of the incident and to ask whether she would like to press charges. She had taken it all in surprisingly good humour. Perhaps her happiness about Zeus’ return was offsetting her distress. Her classmates quizzed her about her absence, but she was reluctant to share too much about events with them, and settled on telling them she had been unwell. This immediately branded her a lightweight, for most of them had been at the party and had seen her leave. Amy was the only girl she trusted enough to tell the truth. She had missed Monday through illness as well, although hers had been genuine, and she had been worried when she arrived at school on Tuesday and Angelina was not there. She was surprised and shocked when Angelina told her what had happened, but she praised her bravery for showing up at all.
Angelina’s mum dropped her at the gates and was there to pick her up at the end of each day, and her Thursday tuition was cancelled, meaning that the latter part of the week flew by. 
On Saturday morning Angelina was up and dressed early and was eagerly awaiting Zeus’ visit. At ten o’clock the security buzzer went to let them know he was waiting outside and Angelina rushed out to greet him as he climbed the stairs to the first floor.
‘Hey Angelina, how you doing?’ he asked with a broad smile. He was dressed, as always, in his large woollen hoodie and ragged combats and was holding his black and pink beanie in one hand.
‘Zeus, it’s so great to see you!’ she cried, hugging him and breathing in the familiar aroma of cigarettes and booze that she had grown to love.
‘Blimey, what’s got into you?’ he asked as she led him into the flat. ‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen you quite this jolly before.’
‘I’ve just missed your company. I didn’t realise until you went away quite how important to me your company was. But you’re here now and that’s what’s important to me.’
Zeus smiled again. ‘Hey, I never really left you. I was always along for the ride. In there.’ He pointed at her chest.
‘Oh but that’s not the same,’ she replied.
‘It can be,’ he said. ‘Most people get by with just that.’
‘They haven’t seen you in the flesh though. They haven’t sat around and played Playstation or gone trick or treating with you. They haven’t touched or smelled you.’
‘Hey, steady,’ said Zeus. ‘It can’t be that bad.’ He sniffed his jumper and pulled a face. ‘Having said that…’
‘I love it,’ smiled Angelina. ‘It’s part of what makes you… well, you. I wouldn’t change it.’
They walked into the lounge and Angelina’s mum got up from the sofa and greeted Zeus with a curtsey.
‘Hey, remember what I said the other day,’ said Zeus. ‘There’ll be none of that around me thank you.’
‘I’m sorry.’ Angelina’s mum blushed slightly. ‘Have you had a nice week?’
‘Nice? Err… well yes, I guess I have. I’ve been to Lapland, you know.’
‘Lapland? Why on earth did you go there?’
‘To visit you know who of course!’
‘Oh give me a break,’ laughed Angelina. ‘I’ve only just started believing in you. Don’t get me started on Father Christmas.’
‘I’m serious,’ said Zeus holding up his hands. ‘I was with him yesterday discussing the behaviour of all the little children in the world.’
Angelina fixed him with a mock scowl. ‘You’re saying that there’s a fat old man who lives in the depths of Finland and works the whole year round to make presents for children?’
‘Oh don’t be silly,’ said Zeus with a wink at her mother. ‘This is the twenty-first century you know. He’s more into outsourcing and managing supply chains nowadays.’
‘And what about Rudolph?’
Zeus’ face dropped. ‘I’m afraid I’ve got some difficult news for you. Rudolph’s dead. He passed on a few years back. I’m sorry.’
‘Hey, it’s OK,’ said Angelina trying to keep a straight face. ‘Up until ten seconds ago I did not think that he existed either. I think I’ll be able to cope with that news.’
Zeus laughed, which sent both Angelina and her mother off as well.
‘Anyway,’ said Zeus when he had regained himself. ‘I was planning to make a little trip down to the retail park to pick up some bits. Would you like to join me?’
‘Of course I would,’ said Angelina looking at her mum, who smiled and nodded.
‘We won’t be gone long,’ said Zeus. ‘I promise I’ll bring her back in one piece.’
‘You’d better,’ laughed her mum.

The two of them left the flat and walked down Eastbury Road in the direction of the Arches. They crossed at the lights just before the railway bridge and kept left at the roundabout, heading past the Mercedes showroom. It was a crisp December morning and the roads were jammed up with cars heading to the retail parks to do some Christmas shopping.
‘So, how have you been?’ asked Zeus as they went. 
‘Do you really need to ask that?’ replied Angelina, not unkindly. ‘Surely you must know.’
‘You’re right, I was just being polite,’ smiled Zeus. ‘I know, for example, what great strength of character you have shown to come through such a frightening experience with so little effect on you emotionally.’
‘I doubt it would have been the same if you hadn’t shown up. But when you did it was like nothing else mattered. I knew nothing bad could happen to me and all that had passed was pretty much forgotten. I can’t really explain it. I guess most people would have been scarred by it, but if I’m honest, I don’t even hate Derek for it. I pity him.’
‘Is that why you didn’t press charges?’
‘Yes. And the fact that we’ve all got only a few weeks to live made it seem a little pointless.’
‘Angelina, you’re more grown up than most adults I’ve met,’ said Zeus. ‘So, what now?’
‘Well, I intend to make sure that this Christmas is the best ever.’
‘You’re with the right person then,’ Zeus grinned.
‘Yes, I suppose I am,’ laughed Angelina. ‘Hey, I hadn’t really thought about it in that way. It’s your birthday isn’t it? How old are you going to be?’
‘Buggered if I know,’ said Zeus. ‘Old enough to make putting all the candles on a cake an expensive and dangerous business. I stopped keeping track a long time ago.’
‘Well, we’ve got to celebrate it properly.’
‘Ah, well that’s partly why we’ve come out this morning. I’m looking for some decorations.’
‘Oh really? Anything in particular?’
‘Yes actually. I’m going for the more traditional theme. I’ve seen a lot of houses around town dressed up in all kinds of crap. I mean, what the hell do penguins and hot air balloons have to do with Christmas? It wouldn’t be so bad, but Father Christmas hasn’t ever seen a penguin. They live on the opposite side of the world and it’s always nighttime when he does his deliveries. 
They rounded the corner into the B&Q car park and walked through the entrance to the main warehouse. It was bustling with shoppers and the aisles were lined with banners screaming, ‘Special Christmas Sale – Now On!’ and ‘Up To Half Price Off Selected Lines!’
‘Bloody hell, I didn’t expect it to be this busy,’ said Zeus, craning his neck above the throng. ‘Let’s see if we can find someone to help us.’
‘Look out for someone in a fetching orange apron,’ said Angelina.
‘I see one!’ said Zeus. ‘Follow me.’
He cut a swathe through the crowds, with Angelina following in his wake.
‘Excuse… ‘scuse me… hey!’ called Zeus as they got close.
A boy in his late teens turned round. By the look of him he would have been anywhere in the world but working in the store at that moment. Then his eyes clamped on Zeus.
‘Can I help you?’ he asked, looking him up and down disdainfully.
‘Yeah,’ replied Zeus, ignoring (or oblivious to) his rude manner. ‘I’m looking for one of those outdoor inflatable ornament thingies that I’ve seen everywhere.’
The boy heaved a sigh. ‘Follow me,’ he said.
He pushed past them and led them back the way they had come, and then up one of the aisles.
‘You’re not getting one of those inflatables are you?’ said Angelina as they struggled to keep up. ‘They’re so tacky.’
Zeus merely glanced back and gave her a knowing wink. The boy stopped in front of a rack containing an assortment of quite hideous decorations. 
‘Here you are,’ he said abruptly. ‘We’ve got Santas and Snowmen of different sizes. Pumps are over to your left.’
He turned to go.
‘Do you have a baby Jesus?’ asked Zeus scanning the racking. The boy stopped in his tracks.
‘Have we got a what?’ he asked.
‘A baby Jesus,’ Zeus replied. ‘See, I’m looking to do a whole nativity scene. You don’t need to worry about the inflatable sheep though. I know where I can get them from.’
He chuckled, but the boy looked less than amused.
‘We don’t have any baby Jesus’,’ he said.
‘What about Marys?’
‘No.’
‘Josephs?’
‘No, and we ain’t got no three kings neither,’ snapped the boy.
‘What? You’ve got no nativity characters at all?’
‘NO!’
‘Excuse me, is there a problem here?’
A man in a white shirt and blue tie, who was clearly a manager of some sort, had appeared behind the boy, who jumped at the sound of his voice.
‘No sir, no problem,’ he said.
‘Actually there is,’ said Zeus. ‘This lad tells me you’ve got no inflatable nativity characters in stock.’
The manager frowned.
‘I’m afraid we’ve never actually stocked them,’ he said.
‘Never stocked them?’ repeated Zeus. ‘But it’s Christmas!’
‘I am aware of that sir.’
‘Good, I’m glad. So you know what that means don’t you?’
The manager looked at him blankly.
‘You know, the whole birth of Christ, your Lord and Saviour? Away in a manger? Hark the herald? Any of that ring any bells?’
Zeus was gesticulating so wildly that a number of other shoppers had stopped to watch what was unfolding.
‘I’m sorry sir, we don’t have anything like that,’ said the manager.
‘But you’ve got snowmen and Father Christmas. I don’t remember either of them at the birth of Christ. All I want is some characters for my nativity scene.’
‘Perhaps you could get them from the same place as the sheep!’ sniggered the boy.
‘Hey, that’s my mum you’re talking about,’ said Zeus sternly. The boy and the manager gave each other a funny look and a murmur rippled through the crowd. ‘Having said that,’ Zeus continued. ‘That’s not such a bad idea.’
‘Listen,’ said the manager trying to recover a situation that was rapidly running away from him. ‘We are not able to stack items with religious themes because it’s not politically correct. It may cause offence.’
There was an audible intake of breath from the gathered shoppers and the manager instantly knew that he had opened a whole new can of worms.
‘It’s a bloody religious festival!’ shouted someone.
‘Exactly,’ nodded Zeus. ‘Just like Ramadan or Hanukkah. What most people don’t get nowadays is that without Christians there would be no Christmas. By all means, celebrate it in your own way if you wish, but don’t stop them celebrating it in theirs.’
This last statement prompted a spontaneous cheer from the crowd. Quite whether they had all heard or understood what was going on was unclear, but they seemed to be enjoying the diversion from their shopping. The store assistant’s boss was far from enjoying himself however. He had turned bright red and his mouth was opening and closing like a goldfish.
‘So, who’s going to buy an inflatable baby Jesus from B&Q next year?’ asked Zeus. There was another cheer from the crowd. ‘See? There is a market out there after all. Make sure you get there first before Homebase or someone else does.’
The manager just nodded dumbly. Zeus made to leave and the crowd parted to let him and Angelina through. As they left, a thunderous round of applause broke out. When they reached the end of the aisle Zeus stopped.
‘And one more thing,’ he called out above the din. ‘In a couple of months I’ll be back to pick up my inflatable crucifixes. Don’t let me down!’

The cheers and whistles could still be heard as they left the main doors.
‘That was fun,’ said Zeus as they headed back to Angelina’s house.
‘You certainly know how to get a crowd going,’ smiled Angelina.
‘Yeah, I’ve still got it,’ said Zeus. ‘Anyway, I’m glad I’ve got that off my chest.’
‘You knew they were never going to have what you wanted. Did you go just to cause trouble?’
‘It was just a bit of mischief, but with a valid point. Those few people, at least, will have spared a moment to consider the true meaning of Christmas, and with any luck they will tell others about it too. You may see it as a drop in the ocean, but you never can tell exactly where the ripples will end up.’
‘I understand,’ said Angelina. ‘I just can’t believe you just tried to buy an inflatable version of yourself as a baby.’

They reached the house and found that Angelina’s mum had prepared a lunch ready for them. There was not really enough room for a table and chairs in the flat, so they perched on stools and ate together at the breakfast bar.’
‘So, did you manage to find what you wanted?’ asked Angelina’s mum.
‘Well, not exactly,’ said Zeus through a mouthful of lettuce. ‘But we had fun, didn’t we?’ Angelina nodded. ‘Great salad by the way,’ he added.
‘Thank you,’ Angelina’s mum replied. ‘It’s nice to actually sit down round a table of sorts for once. We only normally manage it on Christmas day.’
‘Speaking of which,’ said Zeus. ‘I’ve been meaning to ask what the two of you are up to on that day. Any big plans?’
Angelina’s mum looked at her daughter, who shrugged.
‘We never normally go overboard,’ she said. ‘Just a small dinner for the two of us.’
‘Well how about the three of us?’ asked Zeus. ‘We can go to the morning service at St Matthew’s down the road and then back to mine for a slap-up lunch. What do you say?’
‘Come on mum, it’s his birthday! You can’t expect him to spend it just with Judas, his dog.’
‘Of course,’ she said. ‘We’d be delighted to.’
‘Oh, and can I bring a friend?’ asked Angelina as a sudden thought hit her. ‘I mean, if she agrees. And her foster parents agree too. She’s my best friend apart from you, and her parents died in a car crash a few years ago. I’m sure she’d love to meet you.’
Zeus raised his eyebrows.
‘Well I can’t vouch for my skills at entertaining, but the more the merrier I guess.’
‘Excellent. I’ll ask her on Monday.’

As it turned out, Amy was delighted by the idea and her foster parents were only too happy to let her spend time with Angelina, since they were also having visitors round on Christmas day.
The run up to the end of term went smoothly and Angelina blitzed through her remaining homework assignments with ease. She even felt that she had left the ugly events of early December behind her, but on her final day of school (ever!) the painful memories were brought flooding back through a calculated attack by Chardonnay Willis and her mates.Angelina and Amy had finished their final lesson and were walking though Oxhey Park in the direction of Angelina’s flat when the group confronted them.
‘Thought you’d made it to the end of term without us knowing, didn’t you, you little bitch?’ said Chardonnay squaring up to Angelina.
‘Dunno what you’re on about,’ said Angelina making to step round her. Chardonnay pushed her back.
‘It’s been round the school; about what a little slag you are. No one’s had the guts to say it to your face. Well, guess what?’
Angelina shrugged.
‘You’re a filthy little whore! How dare you try it on with my cousin and then get your mates to do ‘im over and make it look like his fault.’
‘What?’
‘You heard, bitch!’
‘Chardonnay leave her alone,’ said Amy.
‘Stay out of this you! I’m gonna teach this piece of scum a lesson.’
‘Chardonnay, whatever’s going on inside your head, it’s got the wrong end of the stick,’ said Angelina calmly. ‘If Derek really is your cousin, then he’s been telling you porkies. Now if you’ll just let us go home…’
Out of nowhere Chardonnay delivered a stinging slap to the side of her face.
‘No!’ cried Amy.
‘Bitch! I’m gonna mess you up,’ snarled Chardonnay.
Angelina stood before her impassively. She had barely flinched at the strike.
‘Go ahead,’ she said flatly. ‘You think you know anything about pain? Your cousin assaulted me, or at least he tried his best to, and yet I’ve still managed to make my peace with him. There’s nothing you can do to hurt me.’
Angelina did not move as the second blow fell. And the third. And the fourth. But as the kicks and punches rained in she eventually fell. Yet she never once raised a finger or so much as uttered a word against her attackers. She just lay on her side with a faint smile on her lips as the world around her faded to black.

‘… Look, she’s stirring…’
‘Angelina, Angelina? Hey, there you are.’
The soft voice was that of her mother. Angelina would recognise it anywhere. She opened her eyes groggily and her mum’s face swam into view.
‘Hi darling,’ she said. There were tear stains in her make-up, but she was smiling.
‘I love you Mum,’ said Angelina quietly.
‘Oh, I love you too my little Angel. I’ve been so worried about you. We’ve been so worried about you.’
Angelina tilted her head slightly and saw Zeus and Amy standing beside her. She took a deep breath. The smell of cigarettes and stale alcohol filled her nostrils and she knew she wasn’t dreaming. She was lying on the sofa in her mum’s flat and was very much awake.
‘Am I OK?’ she asked, fidgeting around and discovering aches and pains all over her body.
‘Hmm, I’m not sure,’ said Zeus. ‘What do you reckon?’
‘I don’t know,’ said Amy. ‘Her face looks a bit swollen.’
‘Nah, it’s always been that way,’ he replied. ‘You know, a bit… lumpy.’
‘Lumpy?’ said Angelina.
‘Don’t worry dear, you’re fine,’ said her mother. ‘There’s a bit of swelling, but that will be gone in no time. Other than a few cuts and bruises you’re pretty much OK.’
‘They did a piss-poor job then,’ said Angelina, tentatively propping herself up on to her elbows. ‘How many of them were there? Five? Six?’
‘Something like that,’ said Amy. ‘Lucky for you Zeus showed up. Otherwise they might have finished the job.’
Angelina smiled up at Zeus.
‘My saviour,’ she said.
‘That’s me, baby,’ he grinned. ‘Listen, your mum and I have a few things to discuss, so we’ll leave the two of you together if that’s OK?’
Angelina nodded and they left her and Amy to themselves. There was an awkward moment when neither girl knew quite what to say. Tears were welling up in Amy’s eyes and eventually she cracked.
‘I’m so sorry Angelina,’ she cried. ‘I tried to help you, really I did, but there was nothing I could do. They had you surrounded.’
Now Angelina was looking tearful as well. ‘Don’t be silly. You’ve got nothing to be sorry for. As I said at the time, there was nothing they could do to truly hurt me.’
Amy smiled weakly.
‘I couldn’t understand why you didn’t defend yourself,’ she said. ‘I was willing you to fight back, but you didn’t move a muscle. I was sure that if they’d kept on going they would have ended up near enough killing you. Then your friend Zeus showed up and they legged it. I told him what had happened and he checked you over before carrying you back here. I wasn’t sure whether to trust him at first. You know, he looks a bit odd and smells funny, but I was so worried about you that I just let him get on with helping you. Then your mum recognised him when we got here and I knew it was all OK. You’re very lucky to have a friend like that.’
‘Yes I am,’ said Angelina quietly. ‘But he’s more than you ever could imagine he is. He wants to be your friend too, and your parent’s. Everyone’s!’
Amy was staring straight ahead with a funny look on her face.
‘Yes, he did mention something about that,’ she said slowly. ‘I didn’t really know what to think. It seemed a very odd thing to say.’
‘But you do believe him, don’t you?
‘I guess… I suppose I’ve got no reason not to. And if you believe him too then it must be true.’
Angelina laughed. ‘I’m not sure about that, but I’m glad you now know. I’ve been wanting to tell you for ages, but I couldn’t think of a way of doing it without you thinking I was crazy.’
‘Oh I wouldn’t have thought that! Anyway it’s the holidays now so there’s no more school and no more Chardonnay Willis. Let’s make sure we enjoy it.’

The remaining days before Christmas flew by, as the school holidays always seemed to. All except Christmas Eve, which passed by at such a crawl that both girls thought that Christmas Day would never arrive. Zeus had been busy over the preceding weekend and they had not seen him at all, but the weather had been clear, allowing them to relax and spend much of their time down at the playground or in town. They had tried to steer clear of the Harlequin Centre, which had reached such a fevered level of chaos that it was virtually impossible to get in any of the shops. In fact there was such a high volume of shoppers in town that when they finally closed their doors on Christmas Eve and everybody jumped in their cars to go home to their families, the ring road instantly became gridlocked. It was something that happened every year during the run-up to Christmas, but for it to happen the evening before the big day was unprecedented.
Angelina and Amy were happily removed from all the anger and stress that ensued as they picked their way between the stationary vehicles, laughing and joking as they went. That evening, Amy left at seven to go and spend time with her foster parents, leaving Angelina and her mum to enjoy a cosy evening in front of the TV. They had decked out the flat in streamers, cards and sprigs of fresh holly, while the centrepiece was a fresh Christmas tree, whose branches were overflowing with baubles, tinsel and chocolates. Not for the first time, Angelina drifted off to sleep in front of the TV and was gently put to bed by her mother.

Christmas Day dawned, and against all odds there was a thin layer of snow covering the world when Angelina looked out of her bedroom window. It wasn’t enough for snowmen, or even a decent snowball fight, but there was definitely snow and it was Christmas morning. That was sufficient. She stared out at the thin white blanket covering everything and pondered on how different it made the world look. It was barely light, but already there were children out playing and there were lights on in most of the houses nearby. All around the country, presents were being torn open and Angelina decided that it would be a shame to be left out and turned her attention to the bulging stocking at the end of her bed.
Her mum had obviously decided to go for broke with just a week left to spend all her money and Angelina found a wide selection of clothing and accessories in it, as well as CDs, chocolates and make-up. She smiled at the thought that she would never possibly be able to use it all before the New Year, and she slipped on her dressing gown and went into the lounge.
‘Merry Christmas darling,’ said her mother, walking over from the kitchen and giving her a big hug and a kiss. 
‘You too mummy,’ she replied, kissing her back.
‘Have you seen the snow outside?’
‘Yes, isn’t it amazing? I’ve never had a white Christmas before.’
‘I can’t remember the last time it happened. Perhaps all this talk about climate change is nonsense. Look, I’ve done us scrambled eggs on toast for breakfast. I hope you still like them as much as you used to.’
‘Of course I do, that’s perfect!’
They ate breakfast together and Angelina gave her mum the presents she had bought for her. There was another surprise awaiting Angelina, for when her mum had finished opening her own presents, she went over to the tree and fetched another and gave it to her daughter.
‘This is your proper present,’ she said. ‘I hope you like it.’
Angelina tore open the wrapping paper.
‘Oh my god, an iPod!’ she exclaimed. ‘Mum you shouldn’t have.’
‘Yes I should. You have had to cope with so much recently and I really admire how you’ve dealt with it all. You deserve it.’
Angelina smiled. ‘Thanks Mum.’
‘Well you’ve only got a week to enjoy it, but I hear Zeus has a huge collection for music for you to put on it. Speaking of whom, we’ve got to be at church in half an hour.’

At five to ten they left the flat and walked down the road to St Matthew’s church. Zeus was waiting for them beneath the vast canopy of the tree that stood proudly on the front lawn.
‘Merry Christmas,’ he called out as the approached.
‘Happy birthday!’ called Angelina back to him.
He looked slightly embarrassed.
‘Thank you very much,’ he said. ‘I’m not really used to thinking of it as my birthday.’
He was wearing, as usual, his black and pink bobble hat, but instead of the thick oversized hoodie, he had on a woolly jumper with reindeer running around the body. He looked quite comical. 
‘Nice jumper,’ said Angelina smiling.
‘It’s hideous isn’t it?’ grinned Zeus. ‘It came from Father Christmas. Quite literally. I couldn’t not wear it.’
‘Did you get anything else?’
Zeus rolled up his trouser legs and sticking out of the top of his walking boots were thick socks in a matching colour with robins on the side.
‘I’m all kitted out for the weather,’ he said, putting out the cigarette he was smoking on the palm of his hand. ‘Time to go in now.’
They passed through the pairs of thick wooden doors into the church. It was hard to believe but having lived so near it for so long, Angelina had never actually made it inside before, so it was hard for her to admire the beautiful red brickwork without a slight pang of guilt.
‘Don’t worry about it,’ whispered Zeus in her ear.
‘Hey! No reading my thoughts in church,’ she replied with a mock scowl.
‘Sorry,’ smiled Zeus.

The service started with a family oriented section that continued into Holy Communion later on. There were all the usual carols, as well as a reading from the Gospel of Luke and a short talk from the minister. Angelina found it all hugely enjoyable, not to mention slightly ironic, especially when the time for communion came and the minister started breaking bread.
‘Shouldn’t that be you up there?’ she whispered.
Zeus did not reply. She looked up at him and was surprised to see a single tear rolling down his cheek. She took his hand and gave it a squeeze. He looked at her and smiled.
‘Old memories,’ he said quietly, as he wiped the tear away. ‘Anyway, they’ve misquoted most of what I said. I was half-pissed at the time and it wasn’t nearly so formal.’
Angelina stifled a giggle. ‘So are you going up to receive it?’ she asked.
‘No, I reckon they’d count that as cannibalism,’ he smiled.
The service finished and they thanked the minister and went back out into the brisk morning air. Families were drifting slowly off to their cars, the children reluctant to stop playing in the snow. Zeus, Angelina and her mother walked slowly down the street, laughing and joking together until they came in sight of the roundabout.
‘Bloody hell!’ exclaimed Angelina as Zeus’ house came into view. She put her hand over her mouth. ‘Sorry. I mean, you’ve really gone to town on the decorations.’
‘Tastefully, I hope,’ said Zeus. ‘I think I managed to get the whole nativity scene going.’
‘You’ve even got a stable roof!’ said Angelina’s mum.
‘Yes, it’s a bit like an extended porch. The guys in my woodwork class helped me with that. Oh, and the manger too.’
They crossed on to the roundabout and stood amidst the numerous figures collected there. A thick layer of straw covered the ground, which itself had a dusting of snow on top. A string of clear lights ran along the eaves of the stable roof, giving the scene a warm and welcoming feel.
‘Oh you didn’t…’ laughed Angelina taking a closer look at one of the figures. It was a blow up sex doll masquerading as one of the shepherds. An inflatable bonking sheep stood on the ground next to it. 
‘Oh yes I did,’ grinned Zeus. ‘The boy in B&Q had a point, you know.’
‘What, the three wise men too?’ Angelina went over to them and sure enough, they were inflatable dolls as well. ‘Surely not…’ she walked over to the manger where Mary and Joseph were standing. ‘Them too?’
Zeus was in stitches.
‘You should see your face,’ he said.
‘I’m not surprised,’ said Angelina trying desperately to prevent herself from descending into hysterics. ‘Why would Mary be standing there with her mouth wide open like that?’
‘Perhaps… perhaps she’s starting the first verse of ‘O little town of Bethlehem’.’ Zeus had completely lost it now and was rolling around in the straw with laughter.
Seeing him in such mirth pushed Angelina over the edge too and she collapsed into a fit of giggles, while her mother stood around with a slightly bemused look upon her face.
‘Come… come inside,’ said Zeus scrambling to his feet and beckoning them towards his front door. 
Judas came bounding over and leapt up at Angelina as she entered and started trying to lick her face. There was a lovely smell of roasting vegetables in the air that made her stomach rumble.
‘My word,’ said Angelina’s mum gazing up at the huge tree in the corner that stretched beyond the upper floor towards the vaulted ceiling. The whole room had been beautifully decked out with blue and silver decorations, and a serene winter wilderness was being projected onto the main wall.
‘Amazing, isn’t it?’ said Angelina.
‘I… I’d never have guessed that this was here,’ replied her mother, still staring round the room with her mouth open.
Zeus came over and took their coats from them.
‘Food’s looking OK,’ he said. ‘What do you think of the tree?’
‘It’s lovely,’ said Angelina.
‘It took me ages to find one that tall that didn’t take up the entire room.’
‘It’s beautiful. Is there anything we can help you with?’
‘I haven’t gotten round to setting the table yet. You could do that for me perhaps?’
‘You don’t mind if I use your bathroom first?’ asked Angelina’s mum.
‘Of course not,’ replied Zeus. ‘It’s just through there.’
At that moment there was a knock at the door and Angelina went to answer it. It was Amy. She was wearing a thick coat, a scarf and a pair of gloves.
‘Blimey, are you off to the Arctic?’ asked Angelina.
‘It’s cold outside,’ protested Amy as she stepped through the doorway. ‘Anyway, Happy Christmas!’
‘Happy Christmas to you too,’ replied Angelina.
‘Merry Christmas Amy,’ called Zeus from over by the stove, where a large pot was bubbling violently.
‘Merry Christmas Zeus,’ she replied. ‘I love the decorations.’ She turned to Angelina. ‘Hey, I thought your mum…’
Just at that moment a high-pitched squeal erupted from the bathroom making them all jump and Judas yelp with surprise. Zeus dropped his pan back onto the hob with a clatter and ran to the door.
‘Mrs Marsh? Are you OK?’ he asked timidly.
Slowly the handle of the door turned and Angelina’s mum stepped out. Her clothes were all stained a deep shade of red.
‘Ah…’ said Zeus with a sheepish look on his face. ‘Forgot to mention that ,didn’t I?’
‘What is it?’ she asked quietly.
‘Err… a seasonal favourite. Mulled wine.’
Angelina’s mother stared at him.
‘There’s a dry white in the cold tap if you’d prefer?’ he offered, taking a step back.
But suddenly she started to laugh.
‘Running wine?’ she said. ‘Now I’ve seen everything.’ She shook her head. ‘I think I might nip home and get changed.’
‘I’m sorry,’ said Zeus. ‘Sticky taps and mulled wine do not a good combination make.’
‘It’s OK. Just make sure you have a glass waiting for me when I get back.’
‘Will do.’

She left, and Angelina and Amy helped set the table whilst sniggering to one another about the look on her mum’s face. Zeus was busy with the food, but had found time to put some Christmas songs on the stereo, which they all sang along to save any by Cliff Richard (which were skipped for the sake of their ears). Angelina’s mum returned within fifteen minutes and soon afterwards the food was ready and they all sat down to eat.
Zeus had prepared a wonderful spread of seasonal food, with roast potatoes, parsnips, sprouts and more, not to mention a beautifully cooked turkey with all the trimmings.
‘I’ll definitely vouch for your entertaining skills after this,’ said Angelina’s mum as Zeus poured them each a drink. With so much wine at their disposal, even the girls were allowed to join in.
‘Yes, this looks amazing,’ added Amy as she gave her glass a tentative sniff.
‘Thank you,’ replied Zeus. In an effort to smarten up he had removed his beanie and tied his dreadlocks back. The heat from the oven had also prompted him to take off his seasonal jumper and put on a white shirt. ‘Can’t imagine it will stay white for long,’ he had joked.
When he had finished pouring the drinks he took his seat while the others looked at him expectantly. He did not realise they were waiting for him until he had picked up his knife and fork.
‘Oh, yes, bugger, I forgot grace,’ he blustered, dropping them both. ‘Umm… OK, how about this; Father, Dad, bless this food and these people, I hope the pudding is not now treacle. Amen.’
‘Amen!’ they all repeated, surprised as they were by his choice of words.
‘Crackers?’ asked Zeus.
‘Completely,’ replied Angelina shaking her head.
‘No, crackers?’ Zeus picked his up and offered her the other end.
‘Oh right!’
They pulled all four simultaneously and spent the next few minutes fiddling with the small puzzles and toys that fell out of them. Zeus had a plastic frog, which he made jump into Amy’s wine glass, while Angelina read out the truly awful jokes that had also fallen out.
Then it was time for them to eat, and eat they did. Zeus had cooked it all beautifully, and for a while there was little to be heard but the clink of cutlery on plates and the murmurs of appreciation. 
When they thought they could eat no more and the main dishes had been cleared away, Angelina’s mum reached into a box she had brought from home and drew out a large cake decorated with a small nativity scene and a ring of candles.
‘It’s half birthday, half Christmas cake,’ she said, lighting the candles. ‘All together now!’
Happy birthday to you,
Happy birthday to you,
Happy birthday dear Hey-Zeus,
Happy birthday to you!
Zeus laughed and leant forward to blow the candles out, which he managed at the cost of one or two singed hairs in his beard.
‘Thank you very much,’ he said gratefully. ‘I’ve never had a birthday cake before. It’s very kind of you.’
‘But that’s not all,’ said Angelina pulling her chair round closer to his. ‘We weren’t sure what to get the Son of God, who has a gazillion pounds in his bank account, but we’ve done our best.’
She pulled out a carrier bag, which she had managed to keep hidden, and gave him three presents from it. Zeus again looked really touched by their efforts.
The first was a Rasta hat, which Angelina explained was for keeping his dreadlocks tidy and looked a lot better than the bobble hat, which she had secretly been hoping to get rid of for a while. The second was shaped like a DVD case.
‘As long as it’s not ‘Ben Hur’ or ‘The Passion…’ then you’re fine,’ joked Zeus. It turned out to be a copy of Iron Maiden’s ‘Rock in Rio’ live DVD, which he was very happy with.
The final present was a little different. Wrapped up, it looked like the traditional sort of kite, but as Zeus tore the wrapping paper off, it was clear that it was nothing of the sort. It was a hand-made crucifix, about a foot tall, and into the wood were carved the names of all the people in Zeus’ woodwork class as well as those of all the staff at the homeless shelter.
For a full minute Zeus sat with it on his lap, staring at all the names without saying a word. Angelina began to grow nervous. It was a last minute idea she’d had and she was beginning to question whether or not it had been a good choice.
‘Our… our names are all there too,’ she said hopefully, pointing at one of the arms.
‘So they are,’ Zeus murmured. He looked up and smiled, though his eyes were moist with tears. ‘You know, my father has all but given up on the human race. There is such a lack of tolerance for different creeds, colours and faiths that it is hard to see where there is any love left. Yet the more time I spend here, the more time I spend with you Angelina, I see so much good and kindness and it gives me cause for hope. Thank you so much for this gift. I do not think you could have got me anything better, even if you had access to my gazillions of pounds.’
‘Well, they do say it’s the thought that counts,’ said Angelina’s mum.
‘Yes they do,’ said Zeus. ‘And with that in mind I have some presents for you too.’
He went over to the huge Christmas tree and pulled out three packages from beneath it. Even from a distance, a strong aroma filtered through the lingering scent of dinner. Each package was of a similar size, although the shapes varied and the wrapping paper ranged from cartoon snowmen to golden holly leaves.
The first one he gave to Angelina’s mother, although it was quite heavy so he placed it on the table for her to unwrap. She undid the wrapping paper, taking care not to tear it, as was her way. Inside was an ornate wooden box set with gemstones and finished with gold leaf.
‘Wow, it’s beautiful, thanks!’ she said, examining its finer details.
‘No, err… that’s not it,’ said Zeus looking slightly flustered. ‘Take a look inside.’
There was a catch on one side of the box and a row of hinges on the other. She undid the fastener, opened the lid and let out a gasp of surprise. Inside were over a hundred pieces of gold. They were roughly cut but there was no doubt that they were genuine. They glinted all colours as they reflected the fairy lights that were strung up round the room.
‘My god!’ she said quietly as Angelina and Amy peered in for a closer look.
‘You could buy most of Watford with that,’ said Angelina slowly.
‘You’d probably have change left for Rickmansworth too,’ smiled Zeus. ‘Amy?’
He reached out and offered her the second present. She took it from him and unwrapped it, revealing another ornate container, this one round with a flat bottom and a stopper in the top. She pulled it out and immediately recoiled. The aroma they had smelled suddenly intensified tenfold.
‘Bloody hell,’ said Angelina. ‘What’s in there?’
‘Frankincense,’ replied Zeus. ‘It was used in perfumes and burned as incense in olden times. This pot seems to have matured over the years, although I hope you’ll agree it’s not an unpleasant smell.’
‘It’s just a little strong,’ said Amy taking another whiff. Her eyes began to water. ‘It’s lovely though,’ she added hastily with a tearful smile.
‘Jolly good,’ said Zeus. ‘And I think we all know what’s coming next.’ He turned to Angelina and handed her the final gift. The box inside was smaller than the other two, and quite plain.
‘You know,’ she said peering inside. ‘In some places it’s considered rude to pass on unwanted presents.’ Her face was deadpan and for a moment Zeus looked uncomfortably at his hands. Then she burst out laughing. ‘I’m joking silly! What is myrrh anyway?’
‘It’s similar to frankincense in many ways, but was used more for embalming and for healing purposes. I thought it might come in handy if you decided to get in any more fights over the coming week.’
‘Well, I think I’ve had enough for the time being, but thanks for the thought.’
‘So you’ve kept hold of these containers for all this time?’ asked Angelina’s mum.
‘In a manner of speaking,’ replied Zeus. ‘The descendents of old Tom Doubting looked after them for me from generation to generation.’
‘Tom Doubting? You mean Doubting Thomas?’ said Amy.
‘Well, yes, I guess so. Poor lad. He was always a bit of a sceptic, but I think something got lost in translation when the New Testament was published and he never quite lived it down.’
They spent the afternoon enjoying one another’s company, chatting and joking while Zeus taught them some old dice games he knew. Before they knew it the evening was drawing in and Amy’s parents had sent her a text to let her know that they were on their way. Angelina and her mother were both growing drowsy so they decided it was time to call it a night and they all trooped to the front door and headed out into the cold.
‘Well, that didn’t take them long,’ said Zeus as they walked between the characters of the nativity scene, which someone had seen fit to rearrange so that they were performing a variety of sexual acts with one another.
‘Looks like Mary’s having a good time,’ sniggered Angelina. ‘So much for being a virgin.’
‘I’m more worried about Joseph and the sheep,’ grinned Zeus. ‘Still, it was nice while it lasted. Thank you all for making this a very special birthday for me. It really has been a unique experience.’
‘And for us too,’ replied Angelina’s mother. ‘I can’t imagine anywhere I would rather have been.’
‘Me neither,’ said Amy.
Angelina went over and gave him a hug. 
‘Merry Christmas,’ she said, her face buried in his jumper. ‘Come and see us soon, won’t you?’
‘Of course I will,’ said Zeus. ‘Goodnight and God bless.’

True to his word, Boxing Day afternoon was not more than an hour old when Zeus called round. Angelina had spent much of the morning in bed in a blissful daze, half dreaming about the magical Christmas Day she’d had. Daylight streamed in through her window, lighting her room up and filling her with cheer. Even with only a week left to live it was hard for her to feel sad. The past months had been so eye-opening she hardly felt like she could have filled them any better. She wondered what other people might do if they knew the world was shortly going to end. Would they pack in their lives at home and jet off to somewhere exotic they had always wanted to go? Or would they take out a huge loan and splash out and live like royalty? She did not know. But she was certain of one thing; all she wanted was to spend the time with family and friends, and with Zeus, with whom she had now formed an inseparable bond.
By the time he arrived she had migrated to the sofa where she was watching her Spongebob DVDs while listening to her new iPod in one ear. 
‘Heya,’ she called as her mum showed him into the room.
‘Hi, how are you feeling?’ he asked.
‘Great,’ she said jumping up and giving him a friendly punch on the arm. ‘More than great, in fact. Full of beans.’
‘Sprouts more like,’ said Zeus cheekily. ‘Hey, while you’re both in the room, the main reason I’ve come round is to discuss New Year’s Eve with you.’
‘Oh, we’re trying not to think that far ahead,’ said Angelina. ‘It’s a whole week away yet.’
‘Yes, but I thought we could all go and do something nice to celebrate,’ said Zeus.
‘Really? But aren’t you going to be… umm… busy?’
‘Not until the clock strikes twelve. Until then I’m all yours.’
‘Great! What did you have in mind?’
‘Well, I thought we could maybe take a trip into London. You know, soak in some of the atmosphere, see a West End show, and just generally party like there’s no tomorrow.’
‘That sounds lovely,’ said Angelina’s mum. ‘What show do you want to see?’
‘Well I thought I’d let the two of you choose that,’ said Zeus. ‘I managed to get a brochure, so take your pick.’
‘Won’t they all be sold out already?’ asked Angelina.
‘Hey, remember who you’re talking to. I’m a well-connected man, I am. If anyone can work a miracle then it’s me.’
‘There are so many to choose from,’ said Angelina’s mum. ‘I just like going to the theatre so I’ll be happy whatever we go for. You decide Angel.’
‘Is Amy allowed to come too?’ Angelina asked.
‘It wouldn’t be the same without her,’ replied Zeus.
‘In that case it has to be the Lion King. She loves her Disney.’
‘Sold,’ said Zeus. ‘I’ll be back later with the tickets.’
Sure enough, when six o’clock arrived he was back with four front row tickets for the show. In the mean time Angelina had spoken with Amy, who was delighted with the idea. 

Over the next four days Angelina spent as much of her time with Zeus and her mum as she could. They went walking in the countryside, shopping in the Harlequin and even took a trip on the train to the south coast to spend one last day by the seaside. It was a sublime week, full of joyous reflection and carefree enjoyment, but all too son Angelina found herself waking up to her phone telling her that the 31st December had arrived.
There was a half-hour or so where she had panicked about things she had wanted to do but forgotten about, but knowing it was too late to do anything about it she slipped her headphones on and chilled out to some music while her head cleared.
She spent the morning on her own, walking round her old haunts and saying ‘goodbye’ to all the places that had featured strongly throughout the course of her childhood. She even took a stroll through her school grounds on the way to the park, feeling satisfied with her academic achievements; especially those of the term she had just finished.
At two o’clock Amy arrived and they both began to grow excited at the prospect of the evening ahead. But then came a text from Zeus telling her that he had got caught up with some business and would have to meet them in London at six.
They watched some videos to try and remain upbeat, and at four o’clock they began getting ready. Angelina’s mum was in the shower for what seemed like an eternity, and when a quarter past five arrived and she had not come out of her room, Angelina banged on her door to try and hurry her up.
They finally got to Bushey station at just before half five, and by the time they had got their tickets and climbed the steps up to platform six the train was just pulling up. It was one of the fast trains that only stopped at Harrow and Wealdstone before getting in to London Euston. Zeus had told them to meet him in the centre of Leicester Square next to Shakespeare’s fountain. It was only a few stops down from Euston on the tube, but Angelina was growing anxious that they were running slightly late and might miss him for one reason or another. As they arrived in London she sent him a message to let him know where they were, and then they headed through the ticket barriers and onto the underground. The tube lines were packed with people rushing this way and that, each frantically trying to fulfil their own plans for the evening ahead.
The three of them managed to cram themselves onto one of the trains bound for Kennington, but after a horde of people pushed their way on at Tottenham Court Road, they had to fight their way off it to disembark at Leicester Square before the doors closed. The streets were chaotic when they made it outside, heaving with people, taxis and pedicabs, which made it disorienting to say the least. Angelina had been into the centre of London on quite a few occasions, but in all the mayhem she found it difficult to work out which direction the square was in. They started walking in order to get out of the constant stream of people funnelling out of the station, and followed the main flow round past the ticket offices and cinemas until they found themselves at the northeast corner of the square. It was all illuminated beautifully, with the fairy lights in the trees mingling with the bright neons of the cinemas overlooking the square to give it a wonderfully wintry feel.
They worked their way through the crowds of people towards the centre of the square and soon caught sight of the fountain, but when they reached it Zeus was nowhere to be found.
‘Where is he?’ asked Angelina scanning the crowds frantically in search of his distinctive dreadlocks.
‘I don’t know darling,’ replied her mum. ‘He did say six didn’t he? We’re not that late. It’s only ten past.’
‘Maybe he sent you a message?’ offered Amy.
Angelina checked her phone.
‘Nothing. Oh where can he be?’
‘Hot chocolate anyone?’ came a voice from behind them and they all jumped.
‘There you are!’ said Angelina turning to Zeus with a frown. ‘I thought we’d missed you.’
‘Nonsense!’ he replied. ‘There’s a bit of a nip in the air so I thought I’d get a little something to warm us up.’
‘That’s very kind of you,’ said Angelina’s mum with a stern look at her daughter.
Zeus passed round the drinks and they started to stroll towards the southeast corner of the square.
‘It’s nice all this, isn’t it?’ he said as they went.
‘It’s beautiful,’ said Amy. ‘I haven’t been to London much and I’ve never seen it lit up like this.’
‘It’ll only get better later, you mark my words,’ said Zeus. ‘There’ll be fireworks and all sorts going off. It’ll be quite something.’
‘How far is it to the theatre?’ asked Angelina.
‘Oh I don’t know, a few minute’s walk maybe? It’s down near Waterloo Bridge and I’ve been told you can’t miss it.’
Indeed they couldn’t. The huge pillars of the Lyceum Theatre were as unmistakable as the yellow and black banners advertising the show that adorned them. All the doors were wide open and there were a great many people mingling outside, many of whom were carrying souvenir programmes, having gone to the matinee showing.
The four of them made their way inside, bought some refreshments and used the toilets before making their way to their seats ready for the start of the show. It was not long before the lights went down, a silhouette appeared behind the curtain and gave a great cry that signalled that it was about to begin.

Outside the theatre the lights of London shone brightly as the minutes ticked by on their way to midnight. Across the world to the east, countries were one by one welcoming in the New Year, while to the west the others made their preparations for the big event. For many people it was just another evening. Just another struggle for survival; as much a time for grief-filled reflection as it was a time for joyful looking ahead. But for every man, woman and child their time was soon to come to an end. The day of judgement had come.

It was just before ten o’clock when Zeus, Amy, Angelina and her mother left the theatre, their hearts alive from the feast of sound and colour they had just experienced. 
‘That was amazing!’ said Angelina as they walked down the front steps and turned right towards the river. ‘That bit with the stampede was incredible.’
‘And weren’t the costumes beautiful?’ added her mum. ‘So cleverly done. That was a very good choice Angelina.’
‘Yeah, nice one,’ said Zeus sparking up a cigarette. ‘I’ve never been to the theatre before. Is it always that good?’
‘Depends on what you go and see. I went to a few shows with my former husband but nothing quite like that.’
‘Jolly good,’ said Zeus. ‘Anyone fancy a drink?’ He pointed to a pub they were passing on the corner of the Strand. ‘My shout of course.’
‘Why not,’ said Angelina.

The pub was packed inside, but there were tables with chairs outside for those brave enough to endure the elements, which were none too harsh for the time of year. Zeus went in and got them all a drink while they seated themselves close to the entrance so as to still enjoy the buzzing atmosphere inside.
‘Cheers!’ said Zeus, raising his glass as he sat down with them. ‘Here’s to a lovely evening.’
‘Cheers,’ said the others raising their glasses in unison.
They each drank and there was a thoughtful silence before Angelina asked, ‘So, what happens now?’
‘Well,’ said Zeus taking another sip of his pint. ‘I reckon we sit here and have a couple to drink and then head down to the bridge to watch the fireworks.’
‘But don’t the fireworks start at midnight?’ asked Amy.
‘Yup,’ nodded Zeus.
‘And… err… isn’t some rather important event also supposed to happen at midnight?’ asked Angelina.
‘It’s supposed to,’ said Zeus easily.
The others looked at one another in bewilderment.
‘So…’
‘We’ll just take it as it comes,’ said Zeus sitting back happily and closing his eyes. ‘Tonight ladies, everything’s all good.’

They chatted away together as more and more people spilled out from the pub into the streets. Hordes were already making their way towards the river and the traffic along the Strand was beginning to grind to a halt. By half past eleven they had all enjoyed several drinks and Zeus indicated that it was time for them to go.
‘We don’t want to miss the big finale,’ he said, and they joined the hundreds of people flocking down Lancaster Place towards Waterloo Bridge.
Soon they were pushing through the thick crowds with the London Eye illuminated in cycling colours to their right, dominating the skyline. They found the middle of the road easier to navigate as most of the crowds had swarmed to the railings to get the best views. The police had erected railings in the centre of the bridge to try and control the flow of people, and they managed to squeeze themselves into a position where they could all perch on them and get a decent view.
Angelina checked her phone. A quarter to midnight. Fifteen minutes left. Suddenly the panicked feeling that had threatened to overcome her that morning swept through her again and she gripped Zeus’ hand as tears began to stream uncontrollably down her face. She turned to her mother.
‘I love you Mum,’ she said.
‘I love you too Angel,’ she replied and Angelina could see that she too was crying.
‘Not long now my friends,’ said Zeus, hopping down and turning to face them. ‘I guess now is as good a time as any to say thank you.’
‘For what?’ asked Angelina.
‘For restoring my faith in humanity,’ he replied. ‘And for making my time here better than I could have possibly hoped it would be. I’ve loved every minute we have spent together and only regret that there is not more time left.’
Then he turned to face the gathered crowds and bellowed, ‘And that goes for the rest of you! There’s ten minutes to go so make the most of it!’
Some people cheered. Some looked at him strangely. Others simply ignored him. He turned his back on them and shrugged.
‘Oh well,’ he said. ‘They’ll understand shortly.’
He hopped back on to the railing and they sat together as the crowds continued to swell and the excitement grew to fever pitch. Time passed by and midnight drew ever closer. Five minutes… three minutes… one minute…
‘I love you,’ cried Angelina, the tears coming thick and fast now. She looked from Zeus to Amy to her mum. Each one of them looked at her and smiled. ‘I love you all,’ she said.
And then it began.
‘Ten.’
‘Nine.’
‘Eight.’
The crowd chanted in unison as a huge clock projected onto a nearby building counted down the seconds.
‘Seven.’
‘Six.’
Lights on the London Eye flashed in time with the seconds.
‘Five.’
In the distance Big Ben began to chime and some people began to cheer.
‘Four.’
‘Three!’
‘Two!’
‘ONE!’
The sky erupted in a blaze of colour, as all along the Embankment and on the bridges people cheered and shouts of ‘Happy New Year!’ rang out. Wave after wave of fireworks shot into the air in a dazzling display of purples, blues, greens and reds.
‘What’s happening?’ shouted Angelina above the deafening noise. ‘Why hasn’t the world ended?’
‘Don’t you think the world needs a good send-off?’ shouted Zeus.
His face was lit up with the most brilliant and beautiful smile, as if an age of burdens had been lifted from his shoulders. In that moment Angelina utterly gave in and released herself from the bonds of doubt that had attempted to ensnare her. She smiled and laughed and shouted as a feeling of unbridled ecstasy and elation enveloped her. The only way she could have described it was like getting to the end of a final exam and knowing that there was nothing more that could be done, cherishing the new-found freedom and looking forward to an endless summer that lay before her. 
She cheered every flash and every explosion until, as the display reached its climax and with an almighty BOOOM!, the final rocket was sent arcing into the night sky. There it hung for what felt like an eternity, as the sky grew lighter and began to turn a faint shade of purple.
The celebrations grew quiet. Indeed, all around Angelina all the hugging and kissing and jumping around had ceased. She looked at the crowds of people, each person frozen where they stood, the myriads of expressions telling a thousand stories. Up in the sky the firework hung, its trail of sparks mirrored perfectly in the still waters of the Thames. The time had come.
‘Aww bugger,’ came a familiar voice to her left.
‘Trust my dad to cut short the finale.’
Angelina smiled and looked over as Zeus hopped down from the railing. He took one longing look at the firework and then turned and smiled at her.
‘Hey little lady,’ he said. ‘You OK?’
Angelina slid down on to the pavement and looked around her.
‘I think so,’ she said. ‘Where are we?’
‘This is purgatory,’ replied Zeus. ‘It is a place between heaven and hell where souls wait to have judgement passed upon them. You’ll notice the sky is a weird purply colour. That is a sign that the two realms are now enveloping the world. All that remains is for the judgements to be passed. If the sky dawns blue then a person has earned their salvation. Red, and they’re in big trouble.
‘Who gets to chose?’
‘I do. At least, with the help of my father. He is speaking to me at this very moment.’
‘What’s he saying?’
‘He’s saying we ain’t got all bloody night son, so get a bloody shake on!’ said Zeus with a smile.
‘So you’ve got to go and judge everyone in the world?’
‘Every last one.’ He came over and took her hands. ‘Angelina you must go now,’ he said. ‘Take the tube back to Euston and the train to Bushey. Take your time, there’s no hurry.’
‘How will I know… you know?’
Zeus knelt before her. ‘There was never, ever any doubt,’ he said. ‘Your mum and Amy will be waiting for you.’
‘Will I see you again?’ she asked.
‘Of course. I’ll see you in the morning.’
Then he turned and wandered off through the crowd, touching some on the shoulders, leaving others behind. 

Angelina watched until he had disappeared from view and then walked back to Leicester Square station. She had been told it would be closed earlier in the evening, but she knew somehow that it wouldn’t be. She passed through the open ticket gates and down the swift escalator to the platform, where a northbound train was waiting.
The doors hissed shut as she got on board and in no time it had taken her the four stops up to London Euston. The station appeared deserted as she wandered through it, but as she entered the large waiting hall, a sign on one of the boards showed a fast train to Watford Junction, stopping at Harrow and Wealdstone and Bushey on the way. There was no departure time.
She walked down to the platform in a blissful daze, and again found the train waiting for her. It departed as soon as she was on board and seated, and she was whisked up through North London, as outside of the carriage the sky began to grow brighter. It was turning blue.
The train pulled up right next to where the steps led down to the underpass through Bushey station. She got off and walked dreamily up the hill along the empty streets to where her mother’s flat was. At the door to the block she turned and for the first time realised what a beautiful place she had been living in. Inside, she climbed the stairs and opened the front door. Amy was asleep on the sofa, while her mum was in her bedroom, snoring gently.
With a smile Angelina closed the door to her own room behind her and collapsed on her bed. Everything was laid out just the way she liked it. The duvet was soft and not too heavy, and her pillows remained refreshingly cold, no matter how long she lay on them for.
With a smile on her face and peace in her heart she closed her eyes and slept the rest of the night away.

When she woke in the morning, it was to skies of the deepest blue outside and the smell of spring coming through her open windows. She sat up, stretched and yawned. If felt good. Then she noticed a figure sitting at her dresser, its head resting on its folded arms.
‘Morning Zeus,’ she said curling her toes on the soft carpet.
He sat up and yawned as well.
‘Sorry, I must have dozed off there,’ he said. ‘How’s your room?’
‘I love it,’ she said. ‘It’s just perfect.’
‘I’m glad to hear it. Hey, I’ll check back up on you later. There’s someone I’d really like you to meet.’
‘I look forward to it.’
And she leant back against the wall and closed her eyes.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I would like to acknowledge the artists behind the excerpts of song lyrics used within this work: 

Hallowed Be Thy Name, by Iron Maiden. Taken from the album Number Of The Beast (1982)

Lord Of This World, by Black Sabbath. Taken from the album Master Of Reality (1971)

Hard Rock Hallelujah, by Lordi. Taken from the album The Arockalypse (2006)

Thanks For Reading!
If you enjoyed this book please take a moment to leave a review at your chosen retailer.

For more information on upcoming books and more, head to www.pjgrobbins.com

Alternatively, find me at one of the following:
Smashwords - https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DeadJed
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/dreamweavers.awakening
Twitter - @pjgrobbins

