        




               You’re forever…..
                                    True love is immortal

                                 Birister Sharma
   


                                         Prologue


‘Ma’am, may I come in,’ a familiar sweet female voice halted my engrossed mind. 

I involved in checking the copies of my students. Even I didn’t heed the hustle-bustle commotions of students outside my cabin.

‘Yes, come in,’ I said without noticing the person.

‘Good morning, ma’am,’ the female voice addressed me.

I remained so engrossed sometimes that I had forgotten to take my lunch. 

I had to finish the copies of my students very soon. For the last few days, I was busy in College Annual function. 

I became a cultural program coordinator. Before I took the responsibility, I declined my students many times. 

‘I can’t, I can’t,’ I said, declining them. 

But in vain. They didn’t move on and stuck over my head. I got a hangover with their non-stop pleas.

‘No ma’am, No ma’am,’ my students stressed me. ‘Please ma’am, please ma’am, you’ve to become our cultural program coordinator.’

At last, I had to accept.

‘Okay, fine,’ I said.

‘Thank you, madam. Thank you madam,’ my student overjoyed.

Then what, all responsibilities fell on me. And I had to work for day and night.

Thank God, I got some good students who helped and supported me a lot. 

Finally, the program was successful. 

Our college principal sir, Mr. Dutta and my colleagues praised me for the same. 

As a result, I could not check the exam papers. I had to give the result after couple of days. Still hundreds of copies left. 

I didn’t reply. In fact, I had forgotten that somebody was inside my cabin and waiting for my response. 

After a few minutes, I realized. 

‘O my Goodness!’ I said, surprisingly. ‘Amrita and Pranjal, both of you are here. I’m so happy to see you.’

After three years, I was meeting Amrita and Pranjal. They were my best students. In fact, they were like my best buddies.

‘Sorry for kept you waiting,’ I apologized.

‘It’s okay, ma’am,’ Amrita said.

‘Come hug me, Amrita, Pranjal,’ I said. 

We hugged together. 

I felt like I met my lost buddies, Mitali and Munmi after so many years.

‘Take a seat, Amrita, Pranjal,’ I said.

Amrita and Pranjal, both seated in the chair in front of me.
 
I kept the checked copies aside.

‘How are you, both?’ I asked them with a smile.

‘We are fine, ma’am,’ Amrita replied. ‘How do you do, ma’am?’

‘As always,’ I said, ‘happy and enjoying with my students.’

‘Okay, Amrita, Pranjal, what do you like to have?’ I asked.

 ‘Tea, coffee or cold drink?’

‘No ma’am. Thanks.’ Amrita said.

‘We met after so many years,’ I said, ‘and you declined, huh?’

I pressed the calling bell.

‘Yes, madaam,’ Madan khura said.

Madan khura was our college peon cum chaiwala.

‘Madan khura, serve us three cups of tea and biscuits.’
‘Okay, madaam.’

‘Madan khura,’Amrita halted. ‘We don’t want anything.’

Madan khura stopped.

‘Madan khura, how are you?’ Pranjal asked, smiling. ‘Can you recognize me?’ 

‘Aree, Pranjal beta,’ Madan khura, blushed. ‘Yes, yes, I can recognize you.’

‘Madan khura, do you recognize me or not?’ Amrita also asked.

‘Aree, Amrita beti, you too,’Madan khura said. ‘What a great surprised?’

‘How about Reena, Madan khura?’ Amrita asked.

Reena was only daughter of Madan khura.

‘She married last year,’ Madan khura answered.

‘In which place, Madan khura?’

‘In Tejpur.’

‘Okay. Good.’

‘Madaam,’ Madan khura asked me. ‘Can I bring tea or not?’ He was puzzled.

‘Madan khura, you serve us cold drink instead of tea,’I said.

‘Okay, madaam.’

Madan khura left my cabin.
‘Now tell me about you,’ I said.

Amrita and Pranjal smiled and gestured with each other.

‘Ma’am,’ both Amrita and Pranjal said. ‘You please close your eyes.’ They both requested me.

‘Why?’ I frowned.

‘Please, ma’am!’ Pranjal said.

‘Okay.’

‘Now give your hands forward, ma’am,’ Amrita said.

‘What are you doing?’ 

For a fraction of second, I felt that I was back to my childhood days when I used to play hide-seek. And my friends blindfolded me and naughty Raj came from behind and push me hard.

I gave my hands forward and I sensed that something heavy stuff was on my opened palms.

‘Now open your eyes, ma’am,’ Amrita and Pranjal said together.

When I opened my eyes, what I saw was a gift packet. 

‘Ma’am,’ Amrita said, ‘this is a small gift for you.’

‘Ma’am, please,’ Pranjal pleaded.

My eyes moisten with tears. It was like a special moment for me.

I accepted wholeheartedly.

Amrita handed me a card on my hand.

I frowned, trying to query her.

I saw a wedding card. 

‘So, you’re getting married?’ I exclaimed with joy.

‘Yes, ma’am,’ Amrita said. ‘And you’ve to come.’

‘Your wedding and I wouldn’t come. How could it be possible? Why not, I will definitely come,’ I said.

Amrita and Pranjal smiled.

I read the wedding date of Amrita and Pranjal on the wedding card. 

As I read the wedding date, I was stunned. I stood up from my chair.

I could not spot anything for a moment. Everything appeared dusk, dark, and blank in front of my eyes. 

I was fainted.

Then, I didn’t know what had happened with me.

When I got back my senses after few hours, I was in my bedroom. I found both Amrita and Pranjal sitting by me. 


I felt sorry for Amrita and Pranjal.

They heaved a sight of relief while seeing me back to my normal condition.

‘I am so sorry, Amrita, Pranjal,’ I said feebly. 

‘It’s okay, ma’am,’ they said.

‘How do you feel now, ma’am?’ Amrita and Pranjal asked.

‘I’m feeling better, now,’ I said. ‘Thanks Amrita. Thanks Pranjal.’


After couple of days…….

Amrita and Pranjal visited again in my house. The doctor advised me to take bed rest for few days.

‘Ma’am,’ Amrita said, hesitated. ‘If you don’t mind, can we ask you something?’ 

‘Yes Amrita,’ I said. ‘Of course, you can ask me anything you want.’

‘What happened to you, ma’am the day before yesterday?’ Amrita asked with low and concerned voice.

‘Any problem with our wedding, ma’am,’ Pranjal asked. His voice also sounded serious.

‘No, no, Amrita, No, no, Pranjal,’ I said, choking. ‘I-I am happy for your wedding. In fact, in fact……’ 

I could not complete my sentence.

I could not control my floodgate of emotions. My voice broke. And I started wailing. 
                                         1


Jyoti didi’s wedding ceremony was salmonizing with all the rituals, customs and traditions. 

The whole atmosphere of our house was full of joy, happiness and electrifying. There were brusting of crackers; the night sky was lightening with thousands of stars and the trumpeting band of music all around.

All excited and jolly. 

However, I might be the only soul who was not happy.

Why only girl leaves her house after getting married? Why not she stays with her parents forever?

This question always struck in my mind more than hundreds of times.

Alas! I did never have its answer.

I’ll never leave my parent’s house after my marriage. I’ll stay as long as I could. I said to myslef.

As I was lost in my wondering thoughts, somebody disrupted me instantly.

‘Awchach, Ahh……’ I shrieked. 

Somebody collided with me. I got hurt on my forehead.

For a microsecond, I saw the twinkling stars in front of my eyes. I could not blink my eyes.

I looked around to find out the culprit who dared to commit such a blunder after getting back my senses.

I saw Raj. He was running and chasing the boys and girls inside the marriage pandal. 

Raj was younger brother of my newly married brother-in-law.

‘He is the real culprit,’ I murmured, angrily. ‘And nobody could dare to act like this.’

Even hurting me he didn’t ask me for any apologize. How dared he is? I was fuming.

From the day when Jyoti didi’s marriage fixed with his brother, this mischievous Raj disturbed me, teased me and irritated me again and again. I grumbled.

‘In every occasion he comes with his parents, brother and relatives.’ 

‘I hated this wicked devil,’ I said.

I gnawed my teeth and held my fist.

Today, I’ll chase and teach him a good lesson. I thought.

‘Tit for tat!’ I affirmed.

I ran behind Raj and followed him in and out looking for an opportunity for a while. 

As I got an opportunity, I came in full action.

I pushed Raj as much as I gained force.

‘Ahhhhhhhhhh, Ah…,’ Raj shrieked. 
He fell on the ground. He got hurt. His elbows and knees got bruise.

‘Ahh….You didn’t notice me, Su.’ Raj shouted, moaning.
 
‘Now how did you feel, huh?’ I asked triumphantly.

‘You, Su?’ Raj said, angrily. ‘You intentionally did nah?’

Raj raised my anger while calling me, ‘Su’.

‘My name is not Su,’ I retorted. ‘My name is Suman.’

‘Okay, okay, I know,’ Raj said, rubbing his bruised elbows and knees.

You GundaRaj. I said in my mind. 

‘Okay, okay, now you apologizes me.’

 ‘Why?’

‘Because you hurt me.’

‘Apologize?’

‘Yes.’

‘My foot!’

‘WHAT?

‘NEVER!’

‘You’ve no respect for your guest?’

‘You’re not our guest,’ I said and ran.
Raj also followed me. 

However, he could not chase me. He stuck with the people dancing in the marriage pandal. 

He fell down shouting aloud.

‘You Su!’

‘Result of bad deeds. Jaisi karni wasi bharni….’

‘I’ll show you, Su.’ Raj gazed me revengeful look.

‘Eww, Eww….’ I stuck out my tongue and disappeared from the scene.

Finally, the moment of Jyoti didi’s farewell arrived.

Jyoti didi got hysterical. She wept. My mother wept. And the rest of our woman folks started shedding their tears. At the beginning of the marriage ceremony, everybody was happy, jolly, and excited. There was not a single drop of tears in their eyes, then suddenly when the final moment arrived everybody opened their floodgates of tears. 

I could not control my emotions. 

‘Didiiii….,’ I said, weeping. ‘I can’t live without you.’

I felt that my heart would burst out very soon and my tears would never dry up. 

I hugged Jyoti didi tightly. I kissed Jyoti didi and held her hands. She kissed me back and hugged me.

Jyoti didi got inside the wedding car and Raj accompanied her.

Raj smiled. And I shed tears. 

I had no other option rather than feeling jealous of him. It was my misfortune that I could not do anything. 

I stayed helpless, seeing the leaving wedding car of Jyoti didi.

Jyoti didi left our house, leaving us forever to begin her new life in the new world.

The whole night I remembered Jyoti didi and wept bitterly.


                                        2


Raj accompanied Jyoti didi whenever she visited in our house.

This rascal, Raj always stayed by didi. I felt jealous and angry. 

Jyoti didi is my sister not his sister. She is only his sister-in-law. That’s all.

I thought.

Every time Raj visited in our house, he disturbed me and irritated me. 

He did the stuffs that I hated the most. He intentionally collided with me. And he never asked me any apologize. 

He always tried to pull my legs. He pranked with me. He cracked jokes and turned me laughingstock in front of everybody. 

Someday, I’ll give him a hard slaps on his both cheeks. I said to myself.
However, I could not do anything, because he was the younger brother of Jiju. 

I just remained helpless, watching his mischief. 

In my mind, everyday I made plan to teach him.

One day I’ll slap him in front of everybody so hard that his entire jaws of teeth would uproot, and he ever remains toothless.

And he becomes stammer. He starts repeating the same word hundred of times. Aaa….Aaa…. While making plan I laughed alone.

The behaviours of Raj embarrassed me a lot. My brain gone out of control and I got angry.

Again, I had no alternatives rather than stood silent and stretching my head.
 
If I can become a boy, I’ll teach him a good lesson. He will never dare to do any such stuff in his entire life. He will always remember me. I thought.


Raj mimicry every act I did. He showed my acts in front of everybody when gathered.

‘Do you know what Su has done today? Do you know what Su showed yesterday?’ And blah and blah.

Everybody started laughing with his mimicry and I was his scapegoat of his comedy drama.

‘Mad, crack, half- brain…..’ I murmured, getting angry.


Whenever Raj got an opportunity, he pulled my legs.
He never missed any shots to make me irritate.

‘What is this, Su?’ Raj asked me, touching my hair. ‘Dog’s tail or horse’s tail?’ He mocked me.

‘Don’t touch my hair.’ I said with rage.

I loved my hairstyle very much and if somebody makes fun of it, nobody could stop me.

Raj pulled my hairs and he ran.

‘You RASCAL,’ I yelled. ‘You’ve to pay for this.’

I chased him. 

He ran so fast, that I could not catch him.

I chased Raj the whole day but I could not catch him. 

Then to take revenge against him, I kept his favorite red T-shirt secretly and later I buried it in the backward.

The next day Raj searched his red T-shirt die hearted, but he didn’t find it.

‘Do you get my red T-shirt, aunty?’

‘Do you get my red T-shirt, uncle?’

Raj asked every member of our house, desperately, but nobody helped him to find his lost red T-shirt.

I enjoyed on his helplessness.

Raj was upset the whole day. He didn’t smile. He didn’t talk. Even he didn’t eat anything.

Unfortunately, nobody found his favourite red T-shirt. 

Poor lad! I thought delighted.

Now how is the feeling, huh?

When I kept short hairstyle, Raj started teasing me again. 

‘Hey, Hey ….Su is a boy…….Su is a boy.’

The more I got embarrassed the more he teased me.

Immediately, I changed my hairstyle. And I kept long hairstyle.

Again, Raj had a problem.

‘Wow Su, you’re not a girl.’

‘Shut up!’ I said, angrily.

‘I swear you’re looking exactly like our neighbourhood, Mrs. Sharma aunty. She has the same long hairstyle like you.’

‘What’s your problem, you GundaRaj? Whether I keep long hairstyle or short, it’s my own choice.’

‘Oho, Su got angry.’ 

‘You mind your business.’

‘Yeah, I’m doing my business.’

‘What?’

Then what, I chased him and he ran. Our dogs-cats fights continued, non-stop.

Whenever I played with my friends, Raj also joined us.

‘Here comes, GundaRaj to disturbed me.’ I murmured.

‘Guys, don’t allow him to play with us,’ I instructed my friends.

Before Raj gave his pleasantries to my friends, I stopped him.

‘You’re not allowed to play with us,’ I said, roughly.

‘Why?’ Raj asked.

‘Outsider is not allowed.’

‘What?’

‘Yes.’

Raj looked towards my friends.

‘Am I an outsider? Am I not your friend? What do you say guys?’

Raj asked my friends emotionally. He spelt the black magic of his words on them.

All my friends remained silent.

Now? What do you do, you rascal? I thought gleefully.

However, something different thing happened.

‘No, you’re not outsider. You’re our friend.’ One of my friends said looking at me strangely.
Then all followed the same chorus.

‘What?’ I shouted. 

I was shocked.

‘I hate you all.’ 

What he think of himself?

I got very angry.

They all played and I sat alone looking at them playing.


                                       3



GundaRaj has come once again in our house. I felt embarrassed.

Whenever Raj came in our house, I knew my life would become hell.

‘Didi you can’t visit alone?’ I complained Jyoti didi. ‘Why did you bring GundaRaj?’

‘No, no, Suman,’ Jyoti didi said. ‘Don’t speak like this.’ She tried to console me.

‘He is such a bad boy. I hate him.’

‘No, Suman. Raj is your Jiju’s younger brother.’

‘No, didi, if you visit next time you come alone. Don’t bring this rascal.’ 

‘Look Suman, you’re my sister like Raj is your Jiju’s brother and now he is also my brother. Don’t speak like this. You’re my good sister.’

‘No, didi, you’re only my sister. Not his.’

‘Okay, okay, do you have any problem with Raj, huh?’ 

Jyoti didi asked me lovingly.

‘Yes, I’ve thousands of complains about him.’

‘Okay, you tell me. I’ll talk to Raj. You don’t worry.’ 

Then what, I got the full licence.

I told everything about Raj and even I made some false stories.

I was happy and excited.

Yes, I got success to turn didi against this rascal. I said in my mind.

From where, Raj came and he intervened us that we didn’t know.

‘Nabo,’ Raj said. ‘I’m looking for you every nook and corner of the house and you’re sitting and talking with Su.’ 

I winked and turned away from him.

‘This rascal interfere everybody.’ I grumbled.

‘No.’ Jyoti didi said.

‘So, nabo,’ Raj said. ‘What are you gossiping you didn’t hear my calls, huh?’
‘I’m angry with you, Raj?’ Jyoti didi said.

I was overjoyed.

Yes, yes, now didi will teach this rascal. I thought.

‘What nabo?’ Raj asked getting quizzical look.

‘Why you always teased and embarrassed my little sister, huh?’ 

‘Ohoo, so,’ Raj said, humorously. ‘Su has complained you against me?’

‘Don’t call me Su,’ I said, angrily.

‘Okay, okay,’ Raj said. ‘I am sooooo sorry Su.’

‘Raj, you again teased Suman?’

‘Sorry nabo,’ Raj said, acting as holding his ears. ‘I can’t.’  He stuck out his dirty tongue.

‘RAJ, NO!’

‘Sorry, Su,’ Raj said and he disappeared.

He joined with my friends.


‘Jiju, Raj always teased me,’ I complained Jiju. ‘I hate him. He is very bad boy.’

‘Okay, I’ll scold him today,’ Jiju said, assuring me. ‘You don’t worry, Suman.’

I felt happy.

Jyoti didi, Jiju and I enjoyed light moment for a while. 

‘What do you say if we plan for a picnic tomorrow?’ Jiju asked Jyoti didi.

‘O, it’s a great idea,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘What do you say, Suman?’ Jiju asked me.

‘Awesome idea, Jiju,’ I said.

I was happy and excited.

‘Jiju don’t take Raj,’ I said in dejected tone.

‘Okay, as you wish Suman,’ Jiju said. ‘It’ll be a good lesson for him.’

‘Yes, yes,’ I said, thrilled.

Again, Raj appeared in the middle and distracted us. 

He is like an intruder. He poked his nose everywhere. What a shameless creature! I said in my mind.

‘Aha, Aha, hmm, hmm….’ Raj said, suspiciously. ‘Picnic, Picnic…..you people planned a picnic, huh? I’ll tell everybody.’

‘Ai, Ai, Raj…,’ Jiju said, trying to stop Raj. ‘Don’t tell anybody. We’re just discussing.’

However, Raj was Raj. He was clever as well as naughty. Nobody could predict about him what he would do the next moment. 

He spoilt everything.

We had to cancel our threesome picnic. And the entire family member joined with us. 

I was very angry. 

‘I’ll not go if this rascal accompany with us,’ I said.

Jyoti didi, Jiju and my family members consoled me a lot.

‘Please, Suman,’ Jyoti didi and Jiju pleaded me.

At last, I got ready for picnic.

Raj was happy and excite. 

He enjoyed a lot while spoilt our threesome picnic. I thought. 

‘Rascal!’ I said, getting furious. 


                                     4


Raj spent time with my parents and other members of our family more than I spent. 

‘Papa, may I help you,’ Raj said to my father.

He always came forward himself.

‘Yes, beta, please pass me that stuff,’ my father said.

Raj ran and immediately done the job.

He obeyed like an obedient son. 

‘Raj, beta, you’re such an obedient boy that I’ve never seen like you,’ my father praised him.

Raj jumped with joy.

‘Thank you papa… Thank you papa. It’s my nature to help everybody,’ Raj said proudly, swelling up his chest.

He touched my father’s feet.

‘God bless you, beta!’ my father blessed him.

‘Rascal! Acting as he is an obedient boy,’ I mumbled, feeling boiling inside.

The same manner he displayed with my mother as well.

My mother also loved him.

And the rest of our family member loved him like a doting son.

He became a favourite of everybody.

Even my closed friends praised Raj for his smartness and intelligent.

‘Wow!’ Rupali said, impressed. ‘Suman, your Jiju’s younger brother, Raj is so smart and intelligent. I liked him so much.’

‘What did you say?’ I asked, gazing her angry look. ‘Say once again.’ I demanded.

‘N-No, nothing,’ Rupali stammered.

‘If you like him and start his praises and appreciations in front of me, then right from now you’re no more my best friend,’ I said, firmly.
‘Our friendship is over from today.’ I gave my final word.

‘Oho, Suman, why are you saying like this? You’re my best buddy. I just am kidding?’ 

‘No, you can’t praise him and no appreciation about that rascal.’ 

‘Okay, I’m sooooo sorry.’

I continued.

‘Rup, are you my best friend or are you best friend of that bloody rascal?’

‘No doubt, obviously yours.’

‘Then, stop talking with him, and stop looking him, right? And tell the others.’

‘Okay.’ Rupali replied with heavy tone.

Now, I’ll see who will stay with him? I thought.

However, whenever Raj came everything happened upside down. All my friends joined him leaving me alone. They all forgot my words. And they followed him immediately. 

Whenever this rascal comes, they follow him. Why? I asked myself.
 
Sometimes Raj came in our house every week in a month and disrupted my peaceful life.

I am saffocating. I’ll die. I said to myself sometime.

I can’t see this rascal anymore. I yelled.

The same scene happened between us whenever I visited in Jiju’s house. 

‘So, at last Maharani has stepped in our house,’ Raj started taunting me.

‘It’s my didi and Jiju’s house,’ I shot back.

‘Welcome, welcome. Welcome Maharani Su Devi.’

Raj ridiculed me and laughed.

I gazed him like an angry tigress.

I wanted to react.

However, Jyoti didi came forward and stopped our world war.

‘Raj, No!’ Jyoti didi warned.

Raj went outside.

Oh! Thank God, the rascal is gone. I sighed.


                                      5


In the similar way, time had passed.

I had completed my class tenth.

On the day of my class tenth Board result, Raj also present in our house.

‘Oho Su, you only managed to score 60% marks,’ Raj said, mocking me.
I didn’t reply anything.

‘Oh how poor! How disappointed! I didn’t expect from you, Su.’ 

Raj expressed, as he was upset with my percentage.

He continued….

‘And why not, only wondering here and there; hang out with boys and playing games like little kids. Never concentrate in studies.’

Raj delivered his long lectures like an adult.

I could not hear anything about my humiliation in front of my family members. I was out of patience.

I got angry. 

‘IT’S ENOUGH! You’ve crossed the limit. You just stop your disgusting lectures.’

In the middle of the entire family, I reacted rudely.

Raj became stunned silent.

‘Did you ever witness me hang out with boys and wondering here and there, huh?’

He was shocked.

He didn’t expect that I would react him in such a manner.

‘SUMAN, what are you saying, huh? What is this manner?’ my mother scolded me.

‘Okay, okay,’ Raj said. ‘Su, I-I am just kidding. I-I am so sorry.’ Raj apologized. His voice was shaking.

I wept and ran into my bedroom.

I was emotionally hurt. 

I was expecting distinction or letter marks in my subjects, but I didn’t get any of my subjects. 

I had toiled hard, buring mid-night oil for every subject day and night.

My friends got distinctions and letters marks in their subjects. And I just managed sixty percent marks only.

I could not believe my own results.

Raj also followed me and got inside my bedroom.

I was weeping in my bedroom, collapsed in my bed and holding a pillow as my rescue.

‘I am so-so sorry, Su,’ Raj apologized me once again. ‘I shouldn’t speak like this.’

For the first time Raj apologized to me.

‘How dared you step inside my bedroom?’ I said angrily.

‘I am extremely sorry, Su,’ Raj apologized again.

‘Leave me alone.’

‘I said sorry, Su.’

‘I don’t want to talk with you. I hate you. You never talk with me again.’

‘GET OUT FROM MY BEDROOM,’ I screamed with the top of my voice.

‘Okay, okay,’ Raj said coldly. ‘I am leaving.’

From that day onwards, Raj didn’t visit in our house again. 

Later I realized what I had behaved with Raj. 



                                             6


When I completed my class twelfth exam, I was expecting that Raj would accompany with Jyoti didi and Jiju in our house, but he didn’t come.

I knew he had maintained his word.

‘Why Raj didn’t come, didi?’ I asked Jyoti didi.

‘He has his second semester exam,’ Jyoti didi replied. ‘But he congratulated you for your good result.’

‘O, say thanks to him,’ I said.

Raj was studying computer engineering in Assam Engineering College in Guwahati.

I felt that I was missing Raj’s earlier teasing and embarrassments. 

I recalled everything about Raj. And our dog-cat fights.
How wild child was I. I always fought with Raj. I thought.

For a moment, I lost in my old memoirs.


I wanted to study my graduation from good college. Therefore, I decided to study in Guwahati. 

I took my admission in the Guwahati College. I took Political Science as my major subject.
 
‘Suman, you can stay in Jyoti’s house. What is the neccesity to stay in the hostel?’ my mother said.

I had already decided to stay in the college girls’ hostel.

‘No, maa,’ I said.

‘But, why?’ my mother asked, little surprised.

‘Maa, Jyoti didi’s house is far away from my college.’

‘But you can go by city bus.’

‘No, maa, I can’t travel by city bus everyday.’

‘But everybody is travelling by city bus.’

‘No, maa, hostel is good. And it’s closed to my college.’

‘But I am afraid of hostel. You’ve never stay in hostel.’

‘It’s fine, maa. Nothing to worry, I’ll adjust there.’

‘Okay, then.’

I convinced my mother.
My father and my brother also suggested me the same.
 
However, I wanted to stay in the hostel, because I didn’t want to face Raj once again. 

Still everything was fresh in my mind that I had humiliated Raj once.


One week before, I went to Jyoti didi’s house in Guwahati.

‘Suman, why don’t you stay in our house?’ Jyoti didi also asked me.

‘No, didi,’ I replied.

‘What’s the problem staying in our house?’ Jiju asked.

‘No problem, Jiju.’

‘Then?’

‘Actually, Jiju, I want to stay in the hostel.’

Jiju thought for a while.

‘Well, as you wish. But you’ve to come in our house every Saturday and Sunday.’

‘Okay, done,’ I said.

Jyoti didi and Jiju tried to convince me to stay in their house.

However, I stood firm in my decision. 



                                             7


Jyoti didi and Jiju came to drop me in the hostel. They were my local guardians.

Two other girls were already occupied the hostel room, which was allotted to me. 

I got inside the hostel room taking my beddings and luggage.

My mother packed me half litre pressure cooker, small frying pan, kerosene stove, jug, mug, glass, bucket, eating plate, bowl, sleeping mat, handmade fan, torch, matchsticks, candles, and all the basic needs of a man.

She gave me as if I was going to start a new life somewhere forever.

When my mother packed these stuffs, I asked her thousands of time not to load for me so much stuff. But, no use. She didn’t listen me anything.

‘Maa,’ I said, feeling weird. ‘I guessed these stuffs are available in the hostel.’

However, mother is mother, who will make her understand.

She thinks she is always correct.

Mothers are the most difficult creatures in the world.

‘Do you know more than me?’ my mother asked me.

I remained silent.

‘Who will give you all these stuffs when you needed?’ 
I had no reply against her questions.

I bowed down my head and obeyed her.

When the two girls of my hostel room saw all my stuffs, they raised their eyebrows.

I felt bizarre.

‘Didi,’ one girl said, ‘these stuffs are not needed here.’

‘Haan, didi. No need for these stuffs,’ another girl added. ‘When hostel authorities will know about these stuffs, they will ask to take away from here immediately.’

‘O, I see,’ Jyoti did said. ‘Actually, we didn’t know about that.’

I remained silent. I felt ashamed in front of two girls.

‘Okay,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘Now, what shall we do?’ Jiju asked, concerned. ‘Shall we take away these stuffs right now?’ He was little puzzled.

‘Ah, um….dada,’ one girl said while contemplating, ‘if you’ve any problem taking these stuffs then keep here for few days.’

‘Okay, fine,’ Jiju said.

Jyoti didi, Jiju and I had a brief introduction with the two girls.

Their names were Mitali and Munmi 

Mitali came from Mangaldoi. Both her parents were teachers. And Munmi came from a rich family of Golaghat. Her father has many big tea gardens.

‘Please take care of our Suman,’ Jyoti didi said. ‘It’s her first time in the hostel. She does not know anything. She is new to Guwahati city.’ 

Jyoti didi told them as they were going to take my whole responsibility.

I was feeling low.

‘Don’t worry didi,’ they said. ‘We’ll take care of her.’

‘Thank you,’ Jyoti didi said.

I was not happy with Jyoti didi.

I am not a new baby in the Guwahati. I said in my mind.

I have visited Guwahati more than five times in the past. Why should I follow them? I didn’t agree with Jyoti didi. 

Jiju noticed my weird looks.

‘Well,’ Jiju said. ‘Suman has visited Guwahati many times, but she is not much aware of the city. So you two befriend with her, okay?’ 

Jiju came forward in my rescue.

I thanked Jiju hundreds of time in my mind.

‘Okay didi, dada, you don’t worry,’ Mitali said, assuring. ‘We will take care of her.’

Then Jyoti didi and Jiju left my hostel, leaving me with two modern looking girls.

When Jyoti didi and Jiju left me in the hostel, I was feeling emotional.

Why did I decide to stay in the hostel rather than stay in Jyoti didi and Jiju’s house? I realized.

My eyes wetted while feeling nostalgic. 

I bid farewell to Jyoti didi and Jiju from the balcony of my hostel room.


                                              8


‘So feeling homesick from the first day, huh?’ Mitali asked me.

‘No, No,’ I said. ‘Nothing like that,’ I tried to hide my feelings.

‘Don’t worry there, it happens,’ Munmi said. ‘When I first went to stay in the hostel in my school days; I had the same condition.’

She comforted me.

‘I am also new in the hostel,’ Mitali said, gleefully.

‘And now here we can start our own kitchen,’ Munmi said looking at my baggage of utensils.

‘Yeah, yeah….’ Mitali supported.

They chuckled.

I smiled.

‘Actually, my mother insisted me to keep all these stuffs,……..’ I tried to clarify.

‘Don’t worry, there,’ Munmi said. ‘When we feel vomiting of hostel menu; we will cook our own food.’ 

‘Do you know how to cook?’ Mitali asked pointing at Munmi.

‘Of course I know,’ Munmi replied.

‘And you?’

‘A little bit.’

I smiled.

‘Oh, I’ve forgotten to tell you one thing,’ Mitali said, tensed.

‘What?’ Munmi asked.

I didn’t figure out anything. I looked at them blankly.

‘Let’s hide these kitchen stuffs inside our beds,’ Mitali said, alarmed.

‘Why Mitali?’ Munmi asked.

‘I’ve heard that our hostel warden, Mrs. Saikia is very strict,’ Mitali said, tensely. ‘She regularly comes for checking.’

‘Okay,’ Munmi said.

I was confused. I didn’t know what to do.

‘Come fast!’ Mitali said.

We hurriedly hid the kitchen stuffs inside our beds and covered with our bags and suitcases.

I’ve told many times to maa, that I didn’t need these stuffs in the hostel. But she didn’t hear me. Now look, the troubles are waiting for me. I complained in my mind.

Just then, somebody knocked at the door.

‘Suman, you go, open the door.’ Munmi said adjusting my stuffs.

I was nervous. I could not respond properly.

‘Go-Go,’ Munmi commanded me.

‘O-Okay,’ I said in quivering tone.

‘Wait,’ Mitali stopped me.

I looked surprised.

Mitali and Munmi both arranged my stuffs again. 

‘Yes, now open the door,’ Mitali said.

I went to open the door.

But I couldn’t open the door. I fumbled and hesitated. 

I felt my hands and legs were numbed and locked.

‘Open,’ Mitali said again.

I tried harder and harder, repeatedly, then at last, I opened the door. 

When I opened the door, Mrs. Saikia was standing in front of me. 

Mrs. Saikia was looking very strong lady of age around 50 plus.

‘What the hell are you doing?’ Mrs. Saikia roared. ‘You took so much time to open the door.’ Her eyes were like the hungry beast, ready to clutch me.

‘So-sorry, ma’am,’ I said with dry voice. ‘I was busy in ……’ I could not complete my explanation.

‘I know very well about you girls,’ Mrs. Saikia said. ‘What are you doing inside?’

I could not speak anything. Mrs. Saikia’s hoarse voice sealed my mouth.

‘What the fuck she knows about us?’ Mitali whispered in my ears; she was standing by me. 

‘Is she an astrologer or jyotishi? She is saying so confidently.’
 
‘Just away from home for few days and out of sights of parents, you girls start busy talking with boyfriends in the mobile phones and busy in unnecessary stuffs?’ Mrs. Saikia said, charging us.

‘How her husband and children digest this wild woman?’ Mitali murmured in my ear again.

I giggled closing my mouth.

Mrs. Saikia entered inside our room.

‘Good evening ma’am,’ both Mitali and Munmi wished her.

Mrs. Saikia started scanning our room from one corner to another corner as if she was looking for a fugitive criminal in our room.

If she finds out my utensils, what will she do with me? God knows. 

I was scared.

‘No short form here,’ Mrs. Saikia growled. 

‘No ma’am. Only full pronunciation MADAAM. I hate short forms. Is it clear, girls?’ 

‘Yes, MADAAM,’ we replied in unison.

‘Good. That’s sound better,’ Mrs. Saikia said.

‘I came here to tell you about the rules of our hostel,’ Mrs. Saikia said.

We stood silent and listened Mrs. Saikia’s instructions.

‘We strictly keep rules in our hostel,’Mrs. Saikia began. ‘And those who doesn’t follow, they can leave our hostel in the first day.’

‘Rajen read out,’ Mrs. Saikia said.

‘Yes, Madaam.’

Rajen was hostel caretaker.

‘Morning at 6 am- tea. You will get tea in your rooms.

8 am – 8:30 am- Breakfast time. 

9 am- Your college hours.

12 pm-1:00 pm- Lunch time.

4pm-4:30 pm-Evening tea and snacks.

7pm-9pm- Study hours.

8 pm- 9 pm- Dinnertime.

9pm-10 pm- Study hours.

10:30 pm- Your bedtime.’

Rajen read out everything.

‘Now some important rules,’ Mrs. Saikia said.

‘How many more rules she’ll tell us?’ Mitali said under her breath.

I listened silently.

For the first time I heard these timetables of tea, breakfast, lunch, dinner and bedtime. 

I am sure; I’ve made a grave mistake while staying in this hostel. I said in my mind.

Mrs. Saikia continued.

‘In our hostel, you’re not allowed to use water more than two buckets, because there is a great crisis of water here.’ 

Every word of Mrs. Saikia struck me hard like bullets.

O My God!  I evoked in my mind.
Only two buckets of water! How can I live only with two buckets of water? In my house, for washing mouth and face, I used one bucket of water. And for bathing I used at least four to five buckets of water.  I thought.

‘You’re not allowed to stay outside the hostel room after 7 pm,’ Mrs. Saikia added. ‘Your electric lights must be off after 10:30 pm. Sharp.’

‘No visitors from outside. Only your local guardian and your parents allowed. And haan, no boyfriends inside the hostel.’

‘You’re not allowed to cook inside the hostel room.’ 

My heart started throbbing hard. 

I felt she would catch me red handed at the very moment and throw away my every stuff straightway.

‘You’re not allowed to smoke. You’re not allowed to drink alcohol. You’re not allowed to take any intoxication stuffs in the hostel,’ Mrs. Saikia said. 

‘If anybody found using any of these forbidden stuffs, I’ll take strict actions with them. They immediately throw out from this hostel. Is it clear girls?’

‘Yes, MADAAM,’ we replied.

‘Okay, best of luck girls.’

Mrs. Saikia ended her long instructions.

‘Thank you, MADAAM,’ we said in unison.

After giving us her strict instructions for more than thirty minutes, Mrs. Saikia left our room. 
‘Rajen, let’s go to the next room,’ Mrs. Saikia said.

‘Yes, Madaam,’ Rajen said.


                                             9


I was worried about my kitchen stuffs that kept under my bed and Mitali and Munmi’s bed.

I have to take away these stuffs very soon, what Mrs. Saikia would do with me, only god knows. I said in my mind.

‘Thank you, Mitali. Thank you, Munmi,’ I said giving my gratitude to them.

‘It’s okay, there,’ Munmi said, patted on my shoulder. ‘Now just relax and chill. Forget about Mrs. Saikia.’

‘Oh, thank God!’ Mitali sighed.

She jumped in her bed.

‘She is not a warden of this hostel,’ Munmi said. ‘She is a jailor. And this hostel is a kind of jail.’

‘And we are prisoners, right?’ Mitali said and chuckled.

‘Be prepared to get the experience of prisoners’ life guys,’ Munmi added.

‘She will say tomorrow, “Hum angrez ke jamane ke jailor hai,”’ Mitali mimicry the famous dailogue of film, Sholly.

We guffawed.

‘But, thank God,’ Mitali sighed. ‘Mrs. Saikia has not banned the use of mobile phone.’

‘Yes Mitali.’ Munmi agreed.

Just then, Mitali’s cell phone rang.

‘Excuse me,’ Mitali said.

‘Home or boyfriend?’ Munmi taunted Mitali.

Mitali shook her head. She went in the balcony. She had no time to reply anything.

‘Munmi, what will I do with my kitchen stuffs?’ I asked awfully. 

I was worried for my extra baggage of utencils.

‘Don’t worry there,’ Munmi said, comforting me. ‘We’ll manage everything.’

‘Excuse me, Suman.’

Munmi also got a call.

‘Okay.’ 

‘Yes, mom…Everything is okay…...Haan, haan…’ Munmi replied on her cell phone.

I was missing my parents, my brother and my bhabi. 

I missed them very much. I didn’t have cell phone to talk with them. 

I too felt if I do have a cell phone.
                                            10

  
The dinner bell rang. 

I checked the time in my wristwatch. 

It was exactly eight pm. the dinnertime according to the timetable of our hostel given by Mrs. Saikia. 

I was not feeling hungry.

I looked at both Mitali and Munmi. They were still busy talking on their respective cell phones. 

Mitali was still in the balcony. And Munmi was laying on her bed and talking.

I went in the balcony to call Mitali. But she was so engrossed on the cell phone that I felt uneasy to disturb her. 

I just signaled her with my hands.

She gestured me with her hands to wait.

I came inside the room. 

Munmi had just ended her call. However, as she put down her cell phone, another call was buzzing. 

She checked the caller’s name and switched off her cell phone.

Her face wore annoyance.

I felt her behavior strange.

‘Let’s go,’ Munmi said.
‘Yeah,’ I said.

‘Wait for me,’ Mitali said shouting from the balcony. ‘I am also coming with you.’

‘Okay, okay, bye, bye, call you later,’ Mitali hung up her cell phone.

We went to the dinning hall.

‘So, have you finished your talking?’ Munmi said, teasing her.

‘No, yaar,’ Mitali said, ‘I just am getting intro.’

‘Intro?’ Munmi asked, frowned. ‘What do you mean by intro? You’re talking with your parents, aren’t you?’ 

‘I am talking with somebody,’ Mitali said. There was a sound of shyness in her voice.

‘O, I see, I see…’ Munmi said, ‘talking with boyfriend, right?’ 

I remained silent, hearing, and walking behind them.

‘No, yaar,’ Mitali said, smiling. ‘He is not my boyfriend.’

‘Your brother?’ Munmi asked, amusing.

‘No, yaar,’ Mitali said.

They both burst with laughter.

‘I met him just few days back while coming to Guwahati by train,’ Mitali said.

‘Wow,’ Munmi exclaimed, ‘love in train.’ She teased again.

‘No, yaar,’ Mitali said.

‘What is his name?’ Munmi asked. ‘How he looks?’

‘His name is Nayanjyoti,’ Mitali said. ‘He is looking cool guy.’
 
Her face beamed with smile.

‘What he does?’ Munmi asked.

‘He is studying Computer engineering from Assam Engineering College,’ Mitali replied.

When Mitali named the engineering college, automatically Raj’s picture flashed into my mind.

‘Wow!’ Munmi exclaimed. ‘Mitali you’re great. You’ve caught a big fish in your first attempt.’

‘No, yaar,’ Mitali said. ‘I’ve already a boyfriend.’ she revealed.

‘O, girl, O girl,’ Munmi said smiling, ‘two-two.’

‘SILENCE GIRLS,’ Rajen hissed the hostel caretaker.



                                            11


The scene of the dining hall was like a crowded market. Some were taking dinner; some were asking for dinner. And some were standing in a queue waiting for their turns.

The capacity of the dining hall was merely 20-30 students. However, there were more than 500 students in the hostel.

We had to wait in a long queue. 

Still Mitali and Munmi busy talking on the same topic. And I was their silent spectator.

At last, we got our turns after waiting for fourty minutes. 

However, thanks to Mitali and Munmi. Their talks kept me engaged; otherwise, I would die in feeling tire.

The dinner was good. They served us rice and palak paneer.

After dinner, some students strolled in the hostel compound. Some were busy talking on the cell phones. Some were busy chatting and guffawing in groups. Some were staying alone pre-occupied, lost in some outer world. And some were rushing into their rooms without noticing anybody.


Inside the room, Mitali and Munmi resumed their half-ended topic. And I was their silent spectator.

‘So, Mitali,’ Munmi began, ‘do you like Nayanjyoti?’

‘I don’t know,’ Mitali replied. ‘I just started talking with him. He is a cool guy.’ 

‘That means in near future you might get serious relation with him?’ 

‘I don’t know. But I’ve already a boyfriend, yaar.’ 

‘So, Nayanjyoti would be your alternative if your boyfriend ever betrays you, right?’ Munmi teased.

‘I don’t know exactly. But yeah, I guessed, Nayanjyoti would be good choice.’
They had a hearty laugh.

‘By the way, what is your boyfriend’s name? What is he doing?’ 

‘His name is Rajesh. He is doing Medical from the Dibrugarh Medical College.’

‘O girl, O girl. Wow, Mitali, you’re not only a cleaver girl but also an intelligent girl,’ Munmi applauded.

‘Beauty with brain. What do you say?’ Mitali praised herself.

They chuckled.

Just then, Mitali realized.

‘O shit! It is 10:30. Switch off the lights, Mrs. Saikia will kill us.’

Munmi switched off the lights in hurry.

O, thank God! I said in my mind. I felt better.

‘Doctor and Engineer. Great selection!’ Munmi exclaimed again.

Munmi’s cell phone started buzzing.

Munmi checked the caller’s name and kept it buzzing. Then she switched off the cell phone. She did the same as earlier.

‘Why didn’t you pick up your cell phone, Munmi?’ Mitali asked surprisingly. 

‘No, yaar, not now,’ Munmi replied.

‘By the way, who called you, Munmi?’
‘Nobody. You just continued.’

‘What’s more? I’ve told you everything about myself. Now it’s your turn.’

‘No, Mitali. I’ve nobody,’ Munmi replied with heavy tone.

‘Dear, Munmi, we’re friends now. I know you’re hiding something. You’ll feel light when you share with us.’

Munmi remained muted.

‘What do you say Suman?’ Mitali asked me.

O, God! Why they dragged me in their discussions? I asked myself, exasperated.

I didn’t know what to say. I held my breath, as I was fast asleep. 

If I’d join in their discussions, they will surely attack me to tell them about myself. Better to remain silent. I thought.

I remained silent.

Mitali and Munmi continued their discussions.

After so many pleas, Munmi at last prepared to unfold her story.

‘Well, I too had a boyfriend when I was in ninth standard. He was a Muslim boy. His name was Afzal. He was my first sight at love.’

‘Wow!’ Mitali exclaimed. She was animated.

‘We studied in the same class. Afzal was our manager’s son. We spent many times together in the school and in our Tea garden. 

‘We had many sweet memories together. We had many dreams together. He loved me very much. However, I didn’t know how my father came to know about our affairs… 

Munmi paused a little bit.

‘Then what happened?’ Mitali asked; she was curious to know farther story.

‘…Then one-day my father called Afzal’s father and asked him to leave our Tea Garden forever. The next day Afzal’s family left our Tea Garden forever… 

‘…..And my father sent me in the boarding school far from home in Shillong. And our love story came to the end,’ Munmi ended her love story sadly.

For a while, they remained pin-drop silent.

I too felt sorry for Munmi.

‘Now tell me the truth. Who called you?’ Mitali asked.

‘He is a son of my father’s friend?’ Munmi replied, miserably.

‘What is his name?’

‘Akash.’ 

‘What he does?’

‘I don’t know.’

‘You don’t know what your boyfriend does?’

‘He is not my boyfriend.’

‘Oh, sorry!’

‘Seriously, you don’t know.’

‘Yeah, seriously, I don’t know.’

‘You’re lying, Munmi. You don’t want to tell me about him, right?’

‘Believe me.’ 

‘Okay, at least you know where he lives?’

‘He is in U.S.A.’ 

‘Wow! In U.S.A.’ Mitali exclaimed.

‘So, Akash loves you, right?’ Mitali asked.

‘I don’t know,’ Munmi said wryly.

‘Okay.’

‘Akash is my parent’s choice.’
 
‘So, your marriage is already fixed with Akash?’

‘Hmm…...’ Munmi replied with heavy heart.

‘So, you’re going to marry a person whom you don’t know, whom you don’t love?’ Mitali asked, seriously.

‘What can I do? My parents have already committed with this relation?’ 

‘This is ridiculous! This is unfair.’ Mitali said, her voice sounded provocative.
They both remained silent for few minutes as if they mourned for somebody.

I felt sorry for Munmi.

I’ll never fall in love with anybody in my life. Thank God, still I have no feelings for anybody. And never. I said vowing in my mind. 

I had heard many love affairs and the tragic ends. But I never thought to hear the sad love story from the same person. I thought.

It is not a good sign, Suman; even hearing somebody’s love affairs. You came here to study. Ignore. Ignore. Ignore. I said to myself with caution.

I tried to ignore the discussions of Mitali and Munmi. However, their talks arrested my mind again and again.

Mitali and Munmi continued their discussions of their love affairs and their successes and failures one after another.

‘Forget Munmi. Enjoy your life. You can’t enjoy your life later on,’ Mitali said, comforting.

After a brief silence, Munmi replied.

‘You’re right, Mitali.’

Munmi agreed.

So, they came for boyfriends, fun and feast. I must stay away from them. I thought again, alarming myself.

‘Okay, Munmi, are you virgin?’ Mitali asked suddenly.

Now, what sort of question is this? Are they going to unfold every secret of their lives tonight? Uncensored. They have no shame at all. I thought. 

I heard such a vulgar stuff for the first time.

‘Yes, of course, I’m a virgin,’ Munmi replied.

‘And you?’

‘Yes, I too.’ 

‘Why did you ask me?’

‘I thought you have a serious relation in your past.’

‘What a cheap thought!’ 

‘Sorry, sorry, Munmi.’

They remained silent for a moment again.

‘Hey,’ Mitali said. ‘We’ve forgotten to ask about Suman. She is very quiet.’

‘She is already asleep,’ Munmi said.

‘Suman, Suman, Suman…..’ Mitali tried to awake me.

I closed my eyes. 

Now, only God knows. O, God! Save me from these crazy wild girls. I prayed in my mind.

‘Hey, hey, Mitali, she got fast asleep. Don’t awake her. Don’t disturb her. Let her sleep.’

Munmi stopped Mitali.

O, thank God! I heaved a sight of relief.

Thank God, all electric lights are off.

 I tried hard to get sleep.

However, my biggest problem was that I could not sleep in a place where people are talking, gossiping, or buzzing around me. 

I needed a complete silence.

I won’t get a sound sleep here. I have to make a habit to sleep even in crowded place. I thought.

I tried to sleep, ignoring their discussions. 

But, the naughty thin hairs on my earlobes rose erect constantly whenever Mitali and Munmi discussed something. 

‘Okay. Munmi, have you ever got fantasy?’ Mitali asked.

‘What fantasy?’ Munmi crossed question.

‘You know what do I mean?’

‘Yeah, I have once when I fell in love with Afzal.’

‘O, I see. At so tender age? Sex fantasy or something?’

‘You’re too much!’

They had a little pillow fights.

‘Okay, okay,’ Mitali surrendered.
‘No, nothing like that,’ Munmi said.

‘And you?’

‘I’ve many times.’ 

What a shameless girl! I said in my mind.

‘And who is your fantasy man?’ Munmi asked.

‘All the Bollywood stars,’ Mitali said.

‘You’re sex maniac,’ Munmi said.

They had a loud laughed.

‘And you know what; I always fantasized with two men.’ 

‘What? You’re whore, Mitali. You’re unbelievable.’ 

‘Hey, Munmi, have you ever masturbated?’

I heard another vulgar word.

‘Mitali, please! Now just shut up.’ 

‘Please, please, tell me, nah? Nobody is overheard us.’

‘No, I don’t say anything.’

‘Are you feeling shy, huh?’ Mitali said. ‘You masturbate nah?’ She started forcing her again.

‘Yeah! Now happy?’ Munmi said.

‘How many times you do?’

‘Only once,’ Munmi said, her voice sounded shy.

‘And you?’

‘Once in a week.’

‘You’re bitch! You’re shameless creature.’

They started throwing pillows over each other in darkness.

While hearing their vulgar discussions, I felt awkward. 

I felt that I had committed something terrible thing. Those stuffs, which I had never heard in my entire life, I was listening from my roommates in the very first night.

I have done a great blunder while staying in this hostel. I must leave this hostel very soon. But what shall I tell my parents, Jyoti didi and Jiju. I have already paid hostel fees for a year in advanced. And it was my own decision to stay in hostel.

O God, what shall I do now? If I stay few more days with these vulgar girls, I will surely become like them.

I was afraid.

I was upset with my own decision.

Our place is good.  No such girls. This place doesn’t suite me. This place doesn’t belong to me. If girls are like this, then no questions about boys, they are far ahead of them.

Tomorrow in the morning, I must tell Jyoti didi and Jiju that I won’t live here anymore. I will stay in their house.

The night gong clanged.

O God, two and still their discussions are not yet over. I said in my mind. 

Mitali and Munmi didn’t stop their discussions. They were still engaged in their discussions, non-stop. 

I tried to get sleep, closing my ears. 

Thereafter, how long Mitali and Munmi continued their discussions, I didn’t know. 


                                             12



‘Oh my god, I might be getting late.’ I said, aghast. ‘I have a class at nine o’clock.’

I woke up in haste. 

I was feeling little headache, because of late night sleep.

I looked at my wristwatch on the study table.

Oh! It’s only seven o’clock. I sighed.

I ran straight into the bathroom.

Mitali and Munmi both were fast asleep.

Their vulgar talks were still reverberating in my mind. And I was feeling like I was became impure.

Within half and hour I got ready. And I went to have my breakfast in the dinning hall.

Mitali and Munmi both woke up when their cell phones started buzzing for numerous times.

It was high pitch, ear deafening.

‘Yes, mom,’ Munmi replied in sleepy tone.

‘I have already waked up, mom.’ 

‘Yes, huh, hmm…’ Mitali talked groggily with her boyfriend. ‘I woke up, baba. Okay, best of luck.’

‘Suman,’ Munmi said, yawning and stretching her arms. ‘Wow! You’re already prepared for the class?’

‘Yeah,’ I replied.

‘Okay, wait for me,’ Munmi said.

She went to the bathroom.

Mitali looked at her cell phone.

‘O, MY GOD!’ Mitali cried out, ‘eight o’ clock.’

‘Munmi, hurry, hurry, I’m getting loo,’ she shouted and started striking at the bathroom door.

‘Hmm….Hmm…Wait….Wait…’ Munmi replied.

‘You’re taking so much time. What are doing inside?’ Mitali said, holding her tummy.

Munmi came out after sometime.

Mitali ran into the bathroom in hustle-bustle.

Munmi and I laughed while seen the state of Mitali.

Munmi got ready.

‘Shsh…...’ Munmi said, gesturing me.

‘Let’s go Suman,’Munmi said in audible sound. ‘We’re getting very late, aren’t we?’

‘Yeah,’ I said.

‘Hey, Hey…..Wait for me,’ Mitali started shouting. ‘How can you two forget about me?’ she complained.

She was still in the bathroom.

‘Sorry, sorry,’ Munmi said.

I smiled.

How friendly they are? I thought. No doubt, they talked much vulgar stuffs, but they are good at heart.

My perspectives changed for them.

‘Hey, Suman, what are you wearing?’ Mitali asked me putting on her clothes.

‘What happened?’ I said. 

I was perplexed with her query.

‘Are you going to college in salwar kameez.’
 
‘A-Anything wrong?’ 

‘You don’t have any jeans?’
‘Jeans!’

‘Yes jeans.’

‘No, I don’t have.’

‘You never wear any jeans, Suman?’

‘No.’

‘Why don’t you try my jeans?’ 

‘No thanks. I’m okay.’

‘Suman, college student will going to laugh at you. They make fun of you.’

‘Laugh at me? But why? Any reason?’

‘They will tease you, Suman,’ Munmi said, supporting Mitali.
 
‘They will call you bahenji. Believe me. Wear Mitali’s jeans or wear my jeans.’

Munmi got ready already.

‘No Mitali, No Munmi, thanks,’ I replied. ‘I am okay. I can’t wear jeans. I am comfortable in salwar kameez.’ 

‘Try to change, there,’ Mitali said. ‘Nobody wears sari or salwar kameez in the college these days. These are out of fashion.’

I remained silent.

‘Suman, please wear my jeans,’ Munmi said. ‘Try to be smart.’ She tried to convince me.

‘Senior students only rag old fashion type newcomers in the college,’ Mitali said. ‘They will instantly recognize you where you’re coming from.’

‘If you wear smart dress like jeans,’ Munmi added, ‘they will think you’re local girl of Guwahati, and they stop ragging you.’

When the word ragging struck in my eardrums I felt scare. 

I didn’t get ragging in my entire life. 

I had only read in newspapers and seen in TV news channels.

‘How did you know about it?’ I asked in panic voice.

‘I have good touched with old students of this college from our place. And I know this place very well,’ Mitali said confidently.

‘Suman,’ Munmi said, ‘agree with us and wear jeans.’ 

Both Mitali and Munmi tried to persuade me to wear their jeans repeatedly.

However, I could not decide. I felt I had two heads.

The previous night vulgar talks of both Mitali and Munmi were still revolving in my mind.

My mind was saying, don’t wear jeans, Suman. They are trying to make you like them. If you wear jeans today, tomorrow they will ask you to wear some other dress and then they will ask you to do some other stuffs which are not good for you. 

They are going to spoil you. Don’t agree with them. Wear your own dress, salwar kameez. 

Let them laugh at you. Let them tease you. Let them make fun of you. Let them rag you. You don’t need to fear anybody. Face them bravely. Let’s see what will happen? But don’t do anything which make you cry later on.

The mind game was playing nonstop for a moment inside my brain.

I could not decide anything.

‘Hey, Hey, Suman,’ Mitali said. ‘What are you thinking? Are you going to wear jeans or not?’

‘Which one you like to wear?’ Munmi asked me showing her and Mitali’s jeans.

‘No Mitali, No Munmi, thanks,’ I said. ‘I am okay in salwar kameez.’

They looked at each other and shrugged. 

‘Okay, as you wish,’ Mitali said.

‘Let’s go, we’re getting late,’ Munmi said.


                                             13


We went to college for our first class. 

I was happy that I had maintained my self-respect and dignity and I didn’t bow down against the changing circumstances.

My classroom was different from Mitali and Munmi. I had my major class in different department, and they had common classroom. 
Both Mitali and Munmi had no major subjects. They had simple B.A. pass course.

‘Okay, Mitali, Munmi,’ I said, ‘Best of luck for your first class. See you later.’ I wished him.

We had a bear hug.

‘Okay, Suman,’ Munmi said. ‘Best of luck you too. We’ll meet you at lunch hour at the college gate.’ 

‘Okay,’ I said.

Mitali was busy chatting with the boys and getting introductions from the very moment, we reached the college premises.

We went in our respective classrooms.

My first class was Indian Constitution. 

My second class was Political Theory, and my third class was International Relation. Then I had General class for English and Indian History.

After attending five classes one after another, I came out from my classroom to meet Mitali and Munmi. I went to their classroom. But I didn’t find them. 

I strolled around their classroom.

Just then, some students approached to me and they called me. 

‘Hey, newcomer girl, come here.’

I didn’t know whether they were fresher or senior students.

O, god, they are calling me for ragging. I thought.
I was shivering in panic. I felt like the floor where I was standing slipped away from my feet.

I didn’t give them any answer. 

I walked as fast as I could to get rid of from the college premises. 

But I fell down as I reached at the college gate.

All the boys and girls present there started laughing aloud while seen me fallen.

I stood up. I felt ashamed.

‘Hey, man, why did you scare this poor bahenji, huh? Bad manners! Bad manners!’

‘Oho, oho, poor bahenji!’

‘Sooo sorry bahenji. May I help you?’ one of the senior students said and came forward me.

They burst with laughters.

I was red in terrified. I didn’t know what to do? I didn’t find Mitali and Munmi.

I started running to my hostel. 

‘Behanji, behanji,’ they teased me. ‘App ka dupatta hawa mai ud rahi hai. Dupatta sambhal ke.’ 

And some others started singing a song- 

Lal dupatta ud Gaya re hawa ke jhoke se…mujh ko piya ne dekh leya re…. hai re dhokhe se…
I didn’t heed anybody and went straight to my hostel room.
 
I heaved a sight of relief after getting inside my hostel room.
However, inside the room, I didn’t find Mitali and Munmi.

I started weeping and collapsed in my bed.

Why I came here? I asked myself. This place is not good for me. 

I repented.

I didn’t take my lunch. 

I dozed off with empty stomach. And I didn’t go for the afternoon class.

The first day in the college was scary and humiliating experienced for me. 

However, I was safe from ragging.



                                             14


I woke up at four in the evening. I was feeling hungry. My stomach started rumbling.

I went to have tea and snacks in the dining hall. 

Thereafter I came back in my room and started reading my notes written in my first class.
 
Mitali and Munmi didn’t come back till 6 pm. 

I looked in my wristwatch.
If Mrs. Saikia will come and ask about Mitali and Munmi, what can I tell her? I thought.

I could not concentrate in my studies.

I checked every passing second and minutes in my watch now and then. 

But Mitali and Munmi didn’t come back.

‘Oh, 6:55,’ I muttered myself, ‘only five minutes left to seven the time to get back in the hostel room. What happen to them?’
I was feeling stressed.

I didn’t have any cell phone to contact them. At that time, I realized the importance of cell phone.

I didn’t know what to do. 

I looked from the balcony of our hostel room.

The balcony of our hostel room gave the clear view of the entire surrounding of our college buildings and compounds, the main gate of our hostel, adjoining roads and by-lanes. 

I stood in the balcony, waiting for Mitali and Munmi.

Just then, I saw the two bikers stopped and parked at the hostel gate. 

They dropped Mitali and Munmi.

O thank god, they have come back. I sighed

My throbbing heart calmed down.

Both the bikers bid their farewell and drove their bikes. I didn’t recognize who they were.

Before, Mitali and Munmi knocked at the door, I opened and stood in front of them.

‘Where are you both of you for so long hours?’ I asked them with full authority. ‘I was so worried about you.’ 

‘O Suman, O Suman,’ Mitali said, gasping. 

‘Don’t ask me anything! Don’t ask me anything! I’m so happy. I’m so happy.’  

‘Yipee!’ Mitali yelled.

She was exulted and excited as she had won the jackpot. She was dancing with swinging her arms.

She started singing- My heart goes sala-lala……..My heart goes sala-sala……

She started dancing as if Shakira moved her steps in “My Hips Don’t Lie…..”

I looked at them blankly. 

‘What a wonderful day!’ Munmi exclaimed. ‘O, my god! O, my God! What a wonderful day!’

Mitali and Munmi thrilled with joy. They could not reply me anything for a moment.

They collapsed in their beds and could not stop their laughing.

I closed the door and watched them, perplexedly.

After a few minutes, they landed from their world of joys and excitements.

‘So, Suman,’ Munmi asked. ‘How was your first day?’

Mitali also asked me the same question.

I told them everything that happened with me. 

‘O, so sorry, there,’ Mitali said. 

‘Actually, I met my new friend in the college. He came to meet me. And I went with him taking Munmi along with me.’

‘It’s okay,’ I said.

‘Why don’t you say he is your new boyfriend?’ Munmi teased.

‘You too got new company, didn’t you?’ Mitali snapped.

Munmi remained silent.

‘We are so sorry, Suman,’ Mitali said. 

‘We went to see the entire Guwahati city. And how the whole day spent, we didn’t feel anything.’

‘It’s okay, Mitali,’ I said.

‘That means you two didn’t attend any class?’ I asked them.

‘We’ve attended our first two classes,’ Mitali replied, ‘and then we went for a long drive.’

‘O I see,’ I said.

They started changing their dresses.
I opened my textbooks to read again.

‘Your Nayanjyoti is handsome guy, Mitali,’ Munmi praised, changing her dress.

‘Really?’ Mitali said smiling. 

‘You’ve a good choice.’

‘And what about his friend, Rajdeep?’ 

‘O, he is a good guy,’ Munmi said.

‘O Really?’

‘Yeah, he is.’

‘You like him?’

‘I don’t know.’

Munmi was quiet.

‘You like him, right?’

‘He has already a girlfriend.’

‘Oh ho… how sad!’

‘You!’

They started little fights.

When I heard the name Rajdeep, I lost my concentration from my studies for a second.

I didn’t know whether Rajdeep was the same Raj or not. 
I was not sure. There were lakhs and thousands of having the same name in India.
 
I started listening Mitali and Munmi’s conversations carefully.

Are you feeling jealous of Munmi, Suman? I heard as if my instinct started asking me.

No, No, I’m not jealous of anybody. I corrected myself.

‘Don’t worry, Munmi,’ Mitali said, assuring. ‘I’ll talk to Nayanjyoti. He’ll talk to Rajdeep. You just keep your faith in your love and keep touch with him. I’ll help you.’

‘No, Mitali,’ Munmi said. ‘Rajdeep is committed to his girlfriend.’ 

Her voice sounded low.

‘You don’t worry, Munmi,’ Mitali said assuring her again. ‘I know these boys very well. You just keep trying. You’ll see he’ll forget his committed girlfriend one day. I am damned sure.’

Rajdeep has already a girlfriend and she is encouraging her. How cheap is she? And how can she so sure about that? I scolded her in my mind.

On the first day, they had so many fun, feast, outings, and boyfriends. What would happen in the coming days, weeks, months and years? Only God knows.

You must keep distance from them. My mind cautioned me.




                                             15


After having my dinner at night, I tried to sleep early. 

However, Mitali and Munmi, both were busy talking with their newfound boyfriends, and ignoring their old boyfriends.

Raj’s name echoed in my mind.

Rajdeep or Raj, are they same? I asked myself. 

I had still doubtful.

If I am correct in my speculation, the other biker must be Raj.

Who is his girlfriend? I inquired myself.

Whoever is his girlfriend, it’s none of my business.
Forget it. I confronted.

I had thousands of questions in my mind. 

I could not sleep well. I was changing my posture in the bed from right to left and from left to right.

Mitali and Munmi, they were busy humming with their boyfriends.

I knew about Mitali. She was talking with Nayanjyoti.

However, I didn’t sure about Munmi.

With whom she is talking exactly?  

I had a doubt about Munmi. I tried to overhear her talking. 

After listening for a few minute, I confirmed.

Oh, she is not talking with Rajdeep. I sighed.

What is happening with me? Why Raj’s name is disturbing me again and again? Forget him. He is nobody to me. Even I don’t know whether Rajdeep is Raj or not.

I tried to control my wondering mind.

Really, I have made a great mistake while staying in this hostel. I realized once again.

Okay, I’ll talk to Jyoti didi and Jiju. Now, let’s get sound sleep. I consoled myself.


At mid-night, somebody was knocking at our door.

‘Girls, please open the door.’

Munmi switched on the electrict light.

I woke up abruptly. I was scared a bit.

Who is at this odd hour? I asked myself.

‘Mitali, wake up,’ Munmi said. ‘Somebody is at our door.’ Her voice was hoarse.

‘Who?’ Mitali asked in sleepy tone.

She hardly opens her eyes.

‘Who is this?’ Mitali asked again in drowsy tone.

‘Senior girls,’ the voice answered. ‘Want to see us.’ 
‘Why?’ Mitali asked.

‘We don’t know,’ the voice said. ‘Please report in the hall immediately.’

I didn’t know what would going to happen. 

‘Ragging?’ My mind struck instantly. 

I was petrified. 

Cold sweats oozing out under my arms.

Another knocked at our door.

‘Who is this?’ Mitali asked.

‘Mitali, Munmi, Suman, please open the door,’ another voice said.

‘Is it Preety?’ Mitali asked.

‘Yeah,’ Preety replied. ‘Please open the door.’ 

She was our next-door hosteler.

‘Just wait a second,’ Mitali said.

‘Get ready guys.’

‘Okay,’ Munmi and I responded.

Mitali opened the door.

Preety stood at the door, she wore worried look.

‘Come in,’ Mitali said.
Preety got inside our room.

‘The seniors called us in the hall,’ Preety said, huffting.

I became more terrified while seen the worried face of Preety.

‘They called us to rag. I’m very scared.’

‘Don’t worry, calm down,’ Mitali comforted her.


After a while, we went to the hall in our hostel.

‘Welcome, welcome,’ the head girl of our hostel, Pronita greeted us. 

‘Queens and princess,’ she taunted us.

‘Treat them specially,’ the other seniors chirped.

‘Go, join in the last line,’ Pronita commanded us.

We silently and sullenly joined in the last line of other junior students of our hostel.

The hall was jammed pack with seniors and juniors students.

We stood in a line as a butcher keeps his goats in order to slaughter one after another.

‘Yes, first line,’ Pronita instructed. 

‘Come and stand here.’

The girls of first line followed. They came and stood in front of Pronita and other senior girls of the hostel.

‘Okay, first of all, listen,’ Pronita began her lecture. 

‘Right from now, you must respect your seniors in the hostel. Whatever they ask you to do follow without any hesitation.’
 
‘Say Yes,’ the other seniors said.

‘YES…’ we said in unision.

‘What she think of herself?’Mitali said silently.

‘Bandit Queen!’Munmi said.

I giggled and others followed.

‘SILENCE!’ Pronita shouted.

I covered my mouth.

There was complete silence.

‘Look at her face and hair,’ Mitali whispered. ‘She looks exactly like an old hooked nose witch of fairy tales.’

I could not control my laughter. I coughed aloud.

‘Okay, now introduce one by one,’ the other senior girls said.

The girls in the first line followed the instructions. They started introducing themselves one by one.

‘Good! Very Good!’ Another senior girl said.

‘Yes,’ Pronita said. ‘You go in your place.’

‘Come, next line.’

We were twelve girls in total. We came and introduced ourselves.

We turned to our last line.

‘Wait,’ Pronita said.

We stopped.

‘Yes you famous four. Late comers.’

Now, what will she do with us? I was sared.

‘Come again and stand here,’ Pronita said.

‘What happened to you? Why did you come here so late?’ 

‘Sorry,’ we said in unison.

‘Sorry? What sorry?’Pronita shouted.

‘Say, sorry Miss Pronita madam,’ the other seniors said.

‘Sorry Miss Pronita madam,’ we said.

‘I hate late comers. Remember it!’

‘Okay, Miss Pronita madam,’ we said again.

‘Miss Pronita bitch,’ Mitali whispered.

I controlled my laughter while closing my mouth with tight fingers.

‘Go in your place.’

We went to our last line.
‘Let’s start,’ the other girls said with a brimming smile.

They signaled with each other.

‘Okay,’ Pronita agreed.

We didn’t know what they would do with us.

‘Yes, the first line,’ Pronita said. 

‘Come here.’

The girls of first line came and stood on the floor.

‘Okay, now, one by one come here and show us your catwalk. And striptease,’ the other senior girls instructed.

I didn’t know what was catwalk and striptease. These words were very new to me.

‘What is catwalk?’ I asked Mitali soundlessly in her ears.

‘You’ve to walk like a model,’ Mitali said.

‘And what is striptease?’ I asked.

‘You look at her,’ Mitali said and pointed the girl on the floor.

I looked at the girl of first line.

What she is doing? I wondered.

The girl felt shy and she undressed her clothes one after another.

She unhooked her bra and turned topless and then exposed her pany. She became completely nude.

O God! I evoked in my mind.

I closed my eyes in shame.

‘Bitch! Lesbians!’ Mitali whispered in disgust.

‘Look at them! How they are taking pleasures in others’ helplessness? They behaved as they have no breasts and no vaginas. Bullshits! Whores!’ 

‘Yes, yes, excellent, excellent. Carry on….Carry on….’ Pronita praised.

‘Now walk in the ramp.’

And the other senior girls shouted aloud, clapping, as something the great show was going on.

‘Yes, turn around. Right. Left. Okay. Good. Good.’

The poor girl sobbed.

‘Yes,’ Pronita said. ‘You can go now.’

The girl ran picking up her clothes from the floor.

‘Next one,’ the other senior girls said.

Then followed one after another, finally our turns came.

I was feeling death while doing the the same. I had no alternative. 

They molested us openly and shamelessly. And they enjoyed a lot.

I felt humiliated.
‘Once I get an opportunity,’ Mitali said, fuming. ‘I will definitely treat this Pronita and her gangs nicely.’

‘What to say?’ Munmi said. ‘This is hostel. Calm down, there.’

Preety and I sobbed.

I could not sleep the whole night.



                                             16


The next day, I was ready for my class, but I was too scared if the same incident wouldn’t happen with me. 

I was wearing the same salwar kameez.

‘Suman, don’t wear salwar kameez, today,’Mitali suggested.

‘Wear my new jeans.’

‘No, Thanks, Mitali,’ I said. ‘I am okay.’

‘Please, Suman, agree with Mitali,’ Munmi said. ‘Wear her jeans or if you don’t want to wear her, then try my jeans.’ 

I am not going to wear their jeans. Their dress code will invite boys for me like them. I said in my mind.

Mitali and Munmi both tried to convince me. 

But I stuck on my decision, stubborndly.

‘Okay,’ they said, ‘as you wish, Suman.’
 
I guessed they are right. I thought, recalling the previous day incident. 

I changed my mind.

‘Okay,’ I agreed. 

‘Great!’ Mitali said, smiling.

I wore Mitali’s denim jeans and white top.

‘Wow, Suman,’ Mitali exclaimed. ‘You look elegant.’

I felt shy.

‘Really, you look stunning and beautiful,’ Munmi also joined in my appreciations.

‘Are you comfortable?’ Mitali asked.

‘Hmm,’ I replied.

Then we went for our classes. 

Before we reach to the college compound, Mitali’s new boyfriend, Nayanjyoti and his friend came and stopped their bikes.

I saw Nayanjyoti’s friend. 

Oh! I was right. He is the same Raj. I was startled.

Raj and I faced each other after two and half years. We both were shocked to see each other like this.

Raj tried to smile sheepishly. I didn’t response him anything and I turned away my face.
Mitali got up on her new boyfriend’s bike and Munmi got up on Raj’s bike.

Mitali and Munmi waved me.

I smiled in reply.

They zoomed away and I went for my class.

Raj is also like other guys? I was surprised.

Am I feeling jealous of Munmi? I asked myself.

But, why? No, No, why should I? I automatically controlled my mind.


I got two new friends in my class who were like me. 

Their names were Bornali and Neermali. They were from the Guwahati itself.

I also met Suraj and Ranjeet. They were from our place.
My second day in the college was gone well. 

But I got disturbed. 

Raj’s name was resonance in my mind repeatedly. I could not control my thoughts.


                                             17


For a few days, there was heavy ragging in the college campus.
Even in one instance, police protection force called for safety and security in the college.
There were clashes between the junior and senior students.

When I came to know about the incident, I decided to stop going in the college.

However, I had to maintain ninety percent attendance in the class; if not, I wouldn’t allow to appear in the final exam. 

Therefore, after attending my major subjects, I slipped from the college early, waiting for nobody and went straight to my hostel.

In three occasions, I closely encountered with the senior students.

They tried to rag me, but somehow, I escaped narrowly. 

In the first instance, when the seniors tried to rag me, luckily our college principal arrived in the scene.

O God, thank you. You’ve sent Principal Sir in time as my rescuer. I thanked hundreds of time.

In the second instance, the police personals on duty came before the senior students approached to me.

And in the third instance, I hid in the dark corner of the college library for three hours. 

It was like the three years in exile.

Next time I wouldn’t escape from ragging. I realized.

It’s better to stop my classes for few days. God doesn’t send me rescuer next time. I should not take risk. I thought.

The ragging continued in the college despite tight security.

I had missed many lectures while stopped attending my classes in the college. 

However, I was helpless. 

I was too scared of ragging.


                                             18


I went to Jyoti didi’s house to escape from ragging.
 
However, Mitali and Munmi both were enjoying fully in the college.

They made new friends and new gangs. And they hang out with them everyday fearlessly.

I had decided to stay in Jyoti didi’s house until the Fresh party was not over in the college. 

Riya was happy to see me. 

‘Mahi, you’ve come,’ Riya said cheerfully. ‘I am so happy to see you. I missed you a lot.’ 

‘So sweet of you,’ I said. ‘I too missed you a lot, sweetheart.’ 

I kissed on her both pink cheeks.

I spent good time with Riya. 

Raj came home either on Saturday or on Sunday.

When I met Raj after so many long years, I thought he had changed a lot, but there was no sight of any changes in his behaviour.

O, he is the same old Raj. I thought. 

I was not so surprised.

‘So, village girl became a city girl,’ Raj said, pulling my legs before any pleasantries.

‘A town not a village,’ I shot back. 

‘Wow!’ Raj exclaimed, passing a mischievous smile.

I remained silent.

‘Nabo, be careful with your sister,’ Raj said. ‘What will she do next, nobody knows. Look at her dress.’
 
I winked and turned away my face.

‘Rascal, GundaRaj,’ I muttered under my breath.

Raj taunted me while seeing me wearing jeans and top.

Actually, I bought a pair of jeans before coming to Jyoti didi’s house.

Both Mitali and Munmi insisted me to buy one when I went with them in the newly open shopping mall in the city at Ganeshguri.

‘She is no more old fashion girl,’ Jyoti didi said. ‘She has changed.’ 

Jyoti didi supported me.
‘Didi, don’t think he is yours old obedient Raj,’ I said, taking an opportunity. 

I also started attacking Raj.

‘I know all about him. What he does in the compound of girls’ hostel everyday.’  

Raj gazed me with angry eyes. 

‘He is like a p-l-a-y-b-o-y….’ I could not complete my sentences.

‘ShSh….’

Raj came and he covered my mouth with his two hands and stopped me.

Jyoti didi didn’t notice. She was busy in the kitchen.

‘Jiju, Jiju……’ I cried out. 

I heard the sound of Jiju’s official car stopped at the gate.

Raj hit me with his fingers on my forehead.

‘Ahhh……….’ I shrieked. 

I felt a sharp pain. 

‘You hit me…..okay,’ I said, threatening. ‘I’ll tell everything….’

‘Ai, Ai…. Su,’ Raj said. ‘Please, please don’t tell about the episode of your hostel girls.’

He confessed. 
‘Su, please!’ Raj begged me.

‘Now, hmm?’ 

‘YES! I’ve defeated him.’ I was overjoyed.

‘Then, tell me your girlfriend’s name,’ I demanded.

‘No,’ Raj said. ‘I can’t tell you.’

‘Why? Feeling shy, huh?’

‘No. I just can’t tell you, now.’

‘Okay, I’ll tell both didi and Jiju.’

Raj held my hairs tightly and pulled hard. 

‘Ahhh……’ I screamed.

I felt that I had lost all my energy. 

I tried hard to free from his tight grip. 

But I couldn’t.

‘Okay, okay,’ I said surrendering.

‘Swear me first that you’ll not tell anything.’

‘You first leave my hairs.’

‘No, you swear me first.’

‘I’ll start shouting.’

‘Now shout,’ Raj said pulling my hairs harder.
‘Ah, Ah, Ah… Raj! Please, leave my hairs. It hurt me a lot,’ I pleaded.

I could not resist the pain.

‘You swear me first, that you’ll never tell anybody.’

‘Okay, okay, I swear.’

Then Raj left my hairs free.

‘HMM….’ I reacted angrily.

Raj looked into my eyes.

‘I’ll tell her name when time will come. I’ll let you know her name first.’ He said in serious tone.

I remained stanned. 

For the first time I had seen Raj in so serious mood.

Why Raj said like this to me? I questioned myself.

I was confused. 

I could not figure out anything.

I spent two weeks in Jyoti didi’s house. 








                                             19 


The Fresher party was over in the college. 

I came back to my hostel. There was no more danger of any ragging.

Oh! I sighed as I stepped in my hostel room. All the raggings are finished off.

‘Hey, Suman, you come back?’ Munmi asked.

‘Yeah,’ I replied.

‘I thought that you wouldn’t come back.’
 
Munmi joked.

‘No.’

‘How’s Jyoti didi and Riya?’

‘They are good. They asked me about you a lot.’

‘So nice!’

‘What’s going on?’

‘I just am chatting online.’

She was busy with her laptop.

‘Okay!’

‘Where is Mitali?’

‘She is gone with her new boyfriend.’ 

‘New boyfriend?’ I asked, surprisingly. 

‘What happened to Nayanjyoti?’

‘She broke up last week,’ Munmi answered.

‘Now, who is her new boyfriend?’

‘Rahul.’

‘Rahul?’

‘Yeah, he is a son of local politician of the city.’

‘Wow!’ I exclaimed.

This girl will rock the entire Guwahati city very soon. I thought.

‘And what about Rajdeep and you?’

‘Hmm….Aah…..He has already a girlfriend,’ Munmi replied nonchalantly.

Her voice sounded, “I am not interested on him anymore.”

‘O, I see.’

‘But, Suman, I met a dashing guy,’ Munmi said enthusiastically. 

‘Where?’ I asked changing my dress.

‘On facebook.’

On facebook?

What is this so called facebook? I thought.

I was hearing about facebook for the first time.

‘Yeah,’ Munmi said with a big smile. ‘Just two days back I met him on facebook. We have chatted online with each other.’

‘What is his name?’

‘Manjeet,’ Munmi said, merrily. ‘He is a software engineer in Bangalore.’

‘Really?’

‘Yeah.’

‘O, Great!’

Munmi was busy again with her laptop.

I remained silent.

But I had a doubt.

‘What is facebook, Munmi?’ I asked vacantly.

Munmi smiled.

I felt little weird. 

‘You come here.’ Munmi called me in her bed.

She opened the internet browser, Mozilla Firefox.

‘Welcome to the World Web World,’ Munmi said, introducing me.

I felt like Munmi was going to take me in some other outer planet.

I was excited and concentrated.

Munmi told me everything about computer and internet.

I could not catch her words. 

I just listened her and tried to follow whatever she taught me.
 
Munmi opened my G-mail account and facebook account on the same day.

She taught me how to send e-mail online and how to surfing in the internet. 

She also taught me how to chat online on facebook and other social networking sites.

And she helped me to search my old friends on facebook. On facebook, I found almost many of my school friends.

‘O, thank you Munmi,’ I said with thrill.

‘I’ve learned a lot of stuffs that I didn’t know earlier.’

‘You like it?’

‘Yeah.’

I felt like I had achieved something in my life. 


Just then, Mitali entered in the room.

‘Wats up guys?’ Mitali asked with her cheery tone. 
‘I guess you two guys are enjoying a lot of fun together in my absence, aren’t you?’ 

‘How can we enjoy without you?’ Munmi replied smiling.

‘O, how nice of you! Thanks!’ 

‘But, what exactly you two are doing?’

‘You guess,’Munmi said.

‘Ah…hmm….You’re chatting online, right?’

‘No.’

‘Ah….hmm….You’re watching pornography?’

‘WHAT? You’re too cheap Mitali!’

‘Then?’

‘We’ve opened G-mail account and facebook account.’ 

‘But I guess you’ve both the accounts already, nah?’

‘No, it’s not for me.’

‘Then?’

 ‘It’s for Suman.’

‘O, Great!’ 

‘Congratulations Suman.’ 

‘Thanks!’ I said, confused.

I didn’t understand why Mitali wished me.


‘So, Suman, when did you come back from Jyoti didi’s house?’Mitali asked.

‘Just after you left in the morning,’ I replied.

‘How are Jyoti didi, Jiju and little Riya,’ Mitali asked.

‘They are doing fine,’ I said.

‘Oh! Suman,’ Munmi said all of a sudden. ‘I have forgotten to ask you one thing.’

‘What?’ I said.

‘What did you bring us from Jyoti didi’s house?’

‘Yeah, yeah, what stuffs you brought for us?’ Mitali also joined her.

‘Many stuffs,’ I replied, gladly.

‘But you’ve to wait for sometime.’

‘How long?’ they both asked.

‘Um…say half and hour.’

‘O Nahii…!’They both shouted.

‘Okay, okay, I just am joking.’

I opened my bag.

‘Here it is.’
I handed them a pot of doi (curd), packets of sira, pitha and coconut laddoos.

‘WOW!’ Mitali exclaimed. 

‘It reminds me Bhogali Bihu.’ (Bhogali Bihu or Magh Bihu is a festival of food for Assamese people).

‘Oh, I can’t wait!’ Munmi said. 

‘My mouth is watering.’

They attacked on the eating stuffs like the two hungry beast. 

‘Yummy, Yummy…..’Mitali said, relishing the pitha and coconut laddoos.

‘O, soo tasty,’ Munmi said licking the drops of curd on her lower lips.

I smiled while looking at their juvenile acts.


‘So, Mitali,’ Munmi asked. ‘How is your first date with Rahul?’

‘O, it was awesome,’ Mitali replied, gleefully.
 
‘Really?’

‘He is sooo….cool guy. I just love him.’

‘I don’t believe you,’ Munmi said suspiciously.

‘Believe me,’ Mitali said touching her heart.

‘Okay, okay, I believed you.’

‘But, Mitali, how long your sooo….cool guy survive in your life?’ Munmi asked imitating her.

‘As long as I can enjoy with him,’ Mitali said.

‘So, is there any chance of longer validity of him?’

‘Yes of course.’

‘How?’

‘As long as the talk time is available with him.’ 

‘You’re really such an unbelievable bitch, Mitali.’

They burst with laughter.

I just looked at them and smiled.

Mitali could not complete her story of her first date with Rahul. A call interrupted her.

‘Wait, Rajesh’s call,’ Mitali said.

She ran to the balcony.



                                             20


From the next day, I went to attend my classes on regular basis. 
I had missed many lectures in my major subjects. I had to work hard to complete my entire missing syllabus.

Mitali was busy outing with her boyfriend as usual. She hardly attends any class. 
And Munmi was busy chatting online on facebook with Manjeet the whole day and night. 
 
On the other hand, I was busy studying and making notes on Political thoughts and theories.

I had to study the thoughts and theories of Plato, Aristotle, Marx, Lenin, John Locke, Rousseau, and Mahatma Gandhi. 

Why I took these subjects? I realized sometimes. 

Is there any use of their thoughts and theories in today’s practical world? I queried myself.

However, I had no answers. 

I had to study to pass my exam and to become a graduate. Then apply for some good government job.
 
There are 395 Articles, 12 Schedules and 22 Chapters in our Indian constitution. I had to study everything. Sometimes it was too mind-boggling for me to keep everything in my mind.

However, I do felt that it is very important for every citizen to know the basic knowledge of our constitution. It tells us our fundamental rights and fundamental duties. 

Further, it makes us aware about the responsibilities towards our people and for our country. It also helps us to become a responsible citizen.

And while studying our Indian History, I realized that we should know about our history. It tells us about our social, political, and economic condition, religions, customs, traditions and cultures. 

It also tells us how the past is related to our present time. It helps us to undersatnd our present time better.
Nevertheless, I enjoyed my subjects.

And at the same time, I enjoyed the dating, outing and break up stories of Mitali and Munmi with their boyfriends.

I met Mitali and Munmi only at seven in the evening. 

Sometimes they didn’t return in the hostel at night. 


‘Where are you both the last night?’ I asked Mitali and Munmi.

‘O sorry, there. It’s because of Mitali,’ Munmi said with weak voice and yawning.

‘What happened?’ I asked, impassively.

‘Actually, our conditions were not good,’ Mitali tried to explain.

‘Not mine,’ Munmi interrupted. ‘I was okay. Her condition was very bad. She was heavily drunk.’

Munmi revealed.

‘No, Suman, she is making false stories. You also drunk, don’t you?’ Mitali shot back.

‘It was only because of your Rahul,’ Munmi said. ‘He poured me wine in my softdrink.’

‘No, Suman, she is lying,’ Mitali said.

‘O God!’ Munmi said. ‘What a drama she had created there!’

‘What?’ I asked, smiling.

‘No Suman, she is telling you everything untrue,’ Mitali said giving her excuse.

‘She danced and sang with Rahul in unbalance state,’ Munmi said. ‘And and……..’

Mitali covered Munmi’s mouth with her fingers.

Munmi gestured me that Mitali and Rahul had a long kisses.

‘Oh! Really?’ I said.

They started pillow fights, hurling their pillows like missiles over each other.

‘Okay, okay, stop it,’ Mitali surrendered.

‘Did Mrs. Saikia come last night for checking?’ Mitali asked me.

‘Yeah,’ I replied.

‘What did she ask you about us?’Munmi asked in serious tone.

‘Did you both take permission from her?’I asked.

‘No,’ Mitali replied.

‘Oh God, Mrs. Saikia was fuming with anger. Even she scolded me. She asked me to send you in her office as you come back.’

‘Okay,’ Mitali said.

‘Now, let’s go,’ Munmi said, roughly.

‘Wait,’ Mitali said.

‘Now, What?’ Munmi asked.

‘Let me change my dress first,’ Mitali said. ‘And you too change your dress.’

‘No, I’m okay!’ Munmi said.

‘Smell your dress,’ Mitali said.

‘OH NO!’ Mitali shouted, smelling her dress.

‘YUCK...YUCK…’ 

They changed their dresses.

Then they both went to the office of Mrs. Saikia at the ground floor.

I prepared for my class.

After sometime, both Mitali and Munmi returned. 

‘What happened?’ I asked tensely.

‘Nothing,’ Mitali replied casually.

‘Mrs. Saikia asked to call our parents,’ Munmi said, crestfallen.

‘Oh! What will you do now?’ I asked, worried.

‘What can we do? We’ll call our parents,’ Mitali said calmly.

‘I know you’ve no problem, Mitali,’ Munmi said. Her voice sounded concern.

‘But I’ve a problem. My parents will kill me if they come to know about this.’
‘Don’t worry, Munmi.’ Mitali said, comforting her. ‘You worry too much. I’ll manage everything. Leave it to me.’

She squeezed on Munmi’s hands.

‘What will you manage?’ Munmi asked demanding.

Mitali smiled.

‘We’ll hire our parents.’

‘W-What?’ Munmi asked perplexed.

‘Yeah, we’ll hire our parents.’

‘Please, Mitali, no jokes this time.’

‘I’m serious!’

‘Is it possible?’

‘Yes, there!’

‘Oh! Great!’ Munmi sighed.

‘What do you think of me?’ Mitali asked proudly.

‘You’re incredible. You’re genious! You’re great! You’re…..’ Munmi started praising nonstop.

‘Okay, okay,’ Mitali cut short. ‘I think it’s enough!’

They both chuckled.

And I smiled.

‘Okay, I’m going to sleep now,’ Mitali said. ‘My head is spinning very terribly.’

Mitali collapsed in her bed like a fallen leaves on the ground.

‘I too feel the same,’ Munmi said.

She too lay down in her bed.


‘Okay, guys, I am leaving,’ I said.

‘Okay, bye! Have a nice day!’ Mitali said while sleeping.

‘Oh, Suman, best of luck for your test,’ Munmi wished me.

I had my class test of Political Theory on that day.

‘Thanks buddy!’ I said.

And I went for my class.


                                             21


Almost one year was about to end in the same fashion. I was busy with my college books and regular classes.
 
Mitali had already broken up with her three boyfriends. She changed her boyfriends like her dresses every two or three months. Her name was popular in the college. 

Both seniors and juniors died for her. She was in high demand. She had huge sex appeal. She got her pet name Bipasha Basu in the college.

Munmi was as always busy chatting with Manjeet on facebook day in and day out. 

Still poor Akash was trying to reach her through phone calls. He was waiting for her in the far distance in U.S.A. However, poor fellow didn’t get any response from her.


Every Saturday and Sunday, I stayed in Jyoti didi’s house.
I spent good time with Jyoti didi, Jiju and little Riya. 

Sometimes I met Raj when he used to come on Sundays. I teased him with Munmi whenever I got an opportunity. 

‘So, these days Mr. Aashiqui is not seen in our girls’ hostel,’ I said and taunted him.

‘Shut up, Su,’ Raj said, annoyed.

‘Munmi always asked me about you.’

‘Su, “I said shut up.”

‘She likes you.’

I mocked him as much as I could.

Raj felt irritated and our dog-cat fights began.


Every night before going to sleep my role was a storyteller of Riya.

‘Mahi, please tell me once again the story of the ugly frog and the princess,’ Riya always wanted to hear the same story.

‘No, Riya, I’ve already told you this story more than ten times. Now no more,’ I said.

‘Please, please, please…..one more last time,’ Riya cried.

‘Okay…..’

Then what, I had to tell her the same old fairy tale of the ugly frog and the princess. 


Time was passing so swiftly that when my first year B.A.examination was approached I didn’t know. 

I kept busy in my studies. 


‘Suman,’ Mitali said. ‘Join with me tonight.’

‘Where Mitali?’ I asked, surprised.

‘Today is Sanju’s birthday,’ Mitali said. 

Now, who is this guy, Sanju? I thought.

I didn’t inquire anything.

‘He has invited me and my close friends to attend his birthday party in the Brahmaputra hotel.’ 

‘No, No, Mitali thanks,’ I denied.  ‘I can’t go. I have to study many topics. You take Munmi.’

‘Suman, there…..Zubeen Garg is also invited in the party. He will perform tonight. You can meet him personally.’

‘No Mitali. Thanks.’
‘ZUBEEN GARG! WOW!’ Munmi bellowed in excitement. 

She logged out her chatting online on facebook.

‘Let’s go, Suman,’ Munmi said. ‘We’ll come back early.’ 

‘Yes,’ Mitali said, ‘as the programme ended we’ll back soon.’

‘What about Mrs. Saikia?’ I asked afraid.

‘I have already taken her permission,’Mitali said.

‘Really?’ 

No, No, Suman, don’t go with them, my right brain cautioned me.

Go and enjoy the live performance of your favourite singer, Zubeen Garg, my left-brain suggested me.

I could not decide anything. I was in dilemma.

Should I go with them or should not I? I asked myself.

‘Suman, what are you thinking?’ Mitali asked. 

‘Suman, you’ve studied a lot,’ Munmi said. ‘Your brain will hang very soon. Now you need some rest. Even computer also need some rest.’ 

‘Yeah, yeah, now you close your books and let’s get ready,’ Mitali closed my books.

‘You’re so boring,’Munmi said. ‘You’ll get old very soon.’ 

‘Get up!’She made me stand from my chair.

‘Okay, okay, fine,’ I said.

I could not say no. 

We can escape from our foes; but we can’t escape from our friends. I realized the old proverb.

Munmi and I joined with Mitali.

We reached by auto.

Before we reached the venue, the programme had already begun.

The programme was electrifying. There was huge crowd.

Zubeen Garg sang all the popular numbers-Bihu songs to Bollywood songs. 

His popular song from the film, Gangster - ‘Yaa Ali…….’ was rocking the stage.

The crazy fans started shaking their bodies with the rhythms of music. They had gone mad and wild.

The programme lasted until late night. 

Mitali wanted to bid farewell to Sanju. However, Sanju was nowhere there. He was lost in the crowd.

When we glanced our views, we saw Sanju dancing with the sexy girls in the centre of the crowd. 

He was sharing cocktails and planting kisses with the hot girls.

Mitali was red with anger.

‘Let’s go,’ Mitali said.

It was around twelve at night.

We reached the main road to hire an auto. 

There was no city bus available at that hour. Our hostel was at a distance of five kms from there.

We waited there for auto.

Just then, one Balero stopped there.

‘Hi, babe,’ the driver asked in tipsy-turvy tone. ‘You wanna lift.’

‘No, thanks,’ Mitali said ignoring.

‘Babe is getting angry,’ the three other guys in the back seat commented.

They laughed wickedly.

‘Let’s go,’ Mitali said.

‘Hey, Hey,…..Babe, where are you going?’ they shouted us from behind.

‘Don’t break our hearts!’ 

‘We drop you safely. Don’t worry. We are just fun loving guys.’

They laughed.

We moved away, fast. 

However, they turned their Balero and chased us.
‘RUN…….’ Mitali shouted.

I was very nervous and terrified. I didn’t know which way I should run.

‘Run….this way…’ Mitali clutched my hands.

We ran as fast as we could. 

We crossed the traffic signal quickly. We didn’t know in which direction we are running.

There was complete darkness and empty road. There was only flickering streetlights. There was no human soul to come for our rescue. 

We ran continuously. 

I was running behind Mitali and Munmi. But I fell down in the middle of the road and running out of breath. 

‘Aahh……..’ I screamed.

I hurt on my knees.

Both Mitali and Munmi waited for me. 

They came back running to me.

Just then, there was a siren of police patrol van. The police patrol van stopped near us.

The police whistled a shrilling sound.

‘Hey stop! Hey stop!’The police shouted.

The bastards turned back their Belaro while seen the police patrol van and zoomed away from there.

‘YOU SONOFBITCH!’ Mitali yelled. ‘Why are you fleeing now, huh? Come!’ 

We heaved a sight of relief.

‘Suman,’ the police officer said.

I looked up, astonished.

‘Jiju!’ I said.

Oh, thank god! I sighed.

‘Where are you threesome coming from at this odd hour?’ Jiju asked.

We narrated the entire story.

Jiju dropped us to our hostel in the police patrol van.


It was very scary night for us.

‘We are so sorry, Suman,’ both Mitali and Munmi apologized.

‘No, it’s okay.’ I said. 

They both massaged my knees.

‘What an exciting night! What do you say, guys?’ I said, smiling.

They looked at me agape.

Then we guffawed.


                                             22


Mitali and Munmi had nothing to worry for their examination. 
Their boyfriends and lovers arranged note copies and question papers for them free of cost. They got everything they wanted.

However, I had to consult reference books from the library and attend boring lectures of dull professors. Nobody helped me in my class. 

I had to work hard all alone and prepared my notes.

Sometimes I felt jealous with them. 

My two classmates Bornali and Neermali, they were good to me. Sometimes we shared our books and note copies together.

‘Bornali, would you please give me your notes for one day,’ I requested her before two weeks of our exam.

‘I’ll note down and return you the next day.’

Bornali didn’t answer me. 

She turned her face away from me, and busy chatting with other girls.

She behaved, as I was not existed there.

What happen to her? Why she reacted with me like this? I was confused.

The same request I made to Neermali. She too behaved like Bornali.

What happened to them? I thought.

Whenever I approached to them, they ignored me in the same manner.

When I first met Bornali and Neermali, they are free and frank with me. Now, what happened to them suddenly? I asked myself.

I didn’t figure out anything.

I tried to befriend with them, but no use.

Something was happening with them. I must find out. I thought.

I carefully observed and followed them for few days. 

Then one day, I witnessed the live scenes.

‘You have an affair with her,’ Bornali shouted at her boyfriend, Suraj.

‘Who said that?’ Suraj reacted.

‘I know she is from your place,’ Bornali charged.

‘No, she is my good friend. I know her since my school days.’

‘No, you’re lying.’

‘NO.’

‘YES.’

‘NO.’
‘YES.’

‘SLAP!’

‘SLAP!’

They had heated arguments and fights in the college.

I could not see their heated scenes.

I understood the reason of their fightings.

I walked away from there.

On the same day, another scene was going on in the college canteen.

The reason was obvious, because of me.

The intense arguments were going on between Neermali and her boyfriend, Ranjeet.

I was shocked while seen the two scenes. 

I felt guilty.

The next day, I met them in the college canteen.

‘Dear, Bornali and Neermali, you’re my best buddies in my class,’ I said. 

‘Today, I want to clearify that I have no affairs with Suraj and Ranjeet.’

Bornali and Neermali remained silent.

‘In fact, they are like my brothers. I know them before I came here. I have no intention to hurt you. I talked with them only because I respect them. That’s all.’

Nobody uttered a single word in the middle.

‘If I hurt you, then please forgive me.’ I said. ‘Today I promise you that I’ll never ever talk with your boyfriends.’

‘I’m so sorry.’

I stood up.

I wept.

They bowed down their heads in shame.

I left.

I cut off from them forever. 

The first year exam ended. By the grace of God, my every paper went well. My hard labour paid off.

Mitali and Munmi also appeared for the examination. Their exams also went well.


                                             23


‘Tomorrow we all leave to our respective houses,’ Mitali said.

‘Hmm…. Yeah,’ Munmi said.

‘So, I was wondering that why not we celebrate a small party amongst ourselves?’
‘O yeah! It’s a brilliant idea!’ Munmi said, overjoyed.

‘What do you say, Suman?’ Mitali asked.

‘Yeah, good idea,’ I replied, agreeing.

‘Yes, then be ready to rock tonight!’ Mitali said with great zeal.

‘But, how? Where? In which place?’ Munmi queried in a single breath.

‘Wait a second,’ Mitali said. ‘Let me think something.’

‘Yes, I got it!’

‘What?’ Munmi asked, little puzzled.

‘We’ll celebrate our party in our room,’ Mitali declared.

‘But how?’

‘Why did you forget everything?’

I looked at them confused.

‘What?’Munmi asked.

‘We’ve Suman’s kitchen stuffs, nah.’

‘O yeah!’

‘But inside?’ I said frightened.

‘Don’t worry!’ Mitali said. ‘We’ll prepare everything at night when everybody got fast asleep.’

‘But if Mrs. Saikia discover us, then?’ Munmi queried.
‘You both are chicken hearts. Your hearts are made of soft cotton. Always panic for everything,’ Mitali said.

‘Okay, then!’ Munmi said.

‘Yes, that’s the spirit!’ Mitali said.

We made our shopping from the nearby market in the evening.


We waited for Mrs. Saikia’s round upto ten thirty at night. 

‘I guess, she’ll not come tonight for her round,’ Munmi said lying in her bed.

‘Wait for sometime,’ Mitali suggested.

I looked at my wristwatch while sleeping. It read eleven at night.

‘Okay, let’s start our party,’ Mitali announced.

‘YES!’ Munmi said excited.

I too felt excited.


We had bought chicken, fish and our favourite cuisines, sweets and dry fruits. 

We started cooking our food. 

It was exciting moment for us. 

One and half hour passed in preparing our cuisines.

‘Silence guys!’ Mitali said suddenly.
Munmi and I frowned.

‘Somebody is coming,’ Mitali whispered. ‘I am afraid if Mrs. Saikia is not coming for her round.’

Munmi and I alarmed.

‘At this unusual hour!’ Munmi said.

‘Now what happen, Mitali?’ Munmi asked with trembling voice.

‘Don’t worry,’ Mitali said. ‘Hide all the stuffs inside our beds. And cover with bedsheets.’

Munmi and I did as Mitali said.

‘Okay, good!’ Mitali said. 

‘Now, spray your Deos and perfumes all over here and there and on the curtains, quickly.’

Munmi and I sprayed our Deos and perfumes in our room.

Mitali placed her bedsheet and pillows on the floor to act as she was sleeping on the floor. She also spread her jeans and tops and some dirty stuffs on the floor.

‘Suman, you lay down in your bed as fast asleep,’Mitali suggested me.

‘Okay,’ I obeyed.

‘Munmi, you open the door,’Mitali said.

Mrs. Saikia knocked at our door as expected.

‘Go!’ Mitali gestured Munmi to open the door.
Munmi opened the door.

Mrs. Saikia was standing in front of our door. Rajen also accompanied with her.

‘Good evening, madaam,’ Munmi said groggily.

‘What is this horrible smell coming out from your room, girls?’ Mrs. Saikia asked, closing her nostril. 

‘Cchi-Cchi…….Hutcchu..Hutcchu....’ She was sneezing.

‘Madaam our Deos and perfumes bottles are accidentally broke and dispersed here and there,’ Mitali explained.

Munmi was silent. She acted as yawning.

And I covered my face with the bedsheet and laid as fast asleep.

‘Clean it in the morning,’ Mrs. Saikia said.

‘Okay, madaam,’ Mitali said.

Mrs. Saikia could not scan our room. 

When she saw the higgledy-piggledy stuffs inside our room, she left our room without checking anything.

‘You girls are disgusting,’ Mrs. Saikia said, annoying. ‘Is this the way you live? Are you human or animal?’

‘Good night, madaam,’ Both Mitali and Munmi said.

Mrs. Saikia didn’t say anything and she left.

‘O thank god!’

We heaved a sight of relief.

Then we waited for two hours to calm down the condition in our favour.

‘Let’s start our party,’ Mitali said.

‘Yes,’ Munmi and I said.

We dined around two at night. 

And we slept at three thirty in the morning. 


     
                                             24


The next day I went to my home in Diphu. 

I was going home after more than six months. 

I had last visited in my home during Durga puja and Diwali holidays.

Our college remained closed for two months. 

After two and half months, I resumed my college. 

The second year classes already started. But due to regular bandhs in our place. I could not come back to Guwahati. I had missed many lectures of my class.

‘O, Munmi…..O, Suman,’ Mitali said elated. 

‘Now I am feeling free like a bird. My life became hell in these two months. I was feeling death. Boring Rajesh came to meet me. He made my life hell and terrible.’ 

She narrated everything at one go.

‘Same episode here,’ Munmi joined. 

‘Akash and his family member came in our house for holidays. Every time I had to stay with Akash and with his family. 

‘They planned everything before marriage. Even they had decided about their grandchildren. Oh, it was very tough moment for me. 

‘And Suman, how did you spend these two months?’ Mitali asked me.

‘As usual at home,’ I replied. ‘Busy in household chores.’

‘You’re really a girl like material, there,’ Mitali said and smile.

I didn’t know whether she praised me or taunted me.

I just passed a gentle smile.

Mitali got a call. She ran to the balcony.


‘Tell me something about Rajdeep,’ Munmi said suddenly.

Why is she asking me about Rajdeep? I was surprised. 

‘Rajdeep? How could I know about him?’ I replied.

‘He is your Jiju’s younger brother, isn’t he?’ Munmi asked.

How did she come to know about Raj? I thought.

‘Y-Yes,’ I replied.

‘Why didn’t you tell me that Rajdeep is your Jijus’s younger brother, huh?’ Munmi asked me like charging.

‘I thought it was better to remain silent,’ I said, ‘and you too didn’t ask me anything about him.’ 

I gave her my reason.

‘By the way, how did you know that he is my Jiju’s younger brother?’

‘I’ve talked with Rajdeep.’ 

‘Really?’ I said.

‘He told me everything about him and you.’ 

‘What?’ I said seriously.

‘Nothing there,’ Munmi said calmly.

‘W-What he meant about him and me?’ I asked, stunned. 

Mitali smiled.

‘If you told me about Rajdeep, then at least I could talk with him through you and make him my boyfriend.’ Munmi mocked.

I laughed.

‘Suman, you become so serious!’

Munmi burst with laughter.
‘I just am kidding,’Munmi said. ‘As a matter of fact, he is not my type. I am happy with Manjeet.’ 

‘You scare me!’I said.

We both laughed.


                                             25


As usual on every Saturday and Sunday I stayed in Jyoti did’s house. 

I met Raj sometimes on Saturday or Sunday. 

However, sometimes he didn’t visit on both Saturday and Sunday. On that day, I didn’t know why I felt like I had missed something about him.

One day I got news about the illness of my mother. I could not stay in my hostel. 

Early in the morning, I came to Jyoti didi’s house. 

‘Maa is okay, Suman,’ Jyoti didi said, comforting me. ‘No need to worry about her.’ 

 But I was not ready to listen her.

‘No, didi,’ I said. ‘I have to go and see maa.’

‘Suman, wait for two more days till Riya’s exam is over,’ Jyoti didi said.

Riya’s half-early examination was going on. She was studying in class KG-2.
However, I could not wait for anybody. 

I wept.

‘I’ve to go home. I am missing maa very much. I want to go home as soon as possible,’ I said with wailing eyes.

‘Okay, wait!’ Jyoti didi said.

She thought for a second.

‘Raj, you come home immediately,’ Jyoti didi said on the phone.

After one and half hour, Raj came home.
 
‘What happened nabo?’ Raj asked gasping.

‘Raj, Suman wants to go home,’ Jyoti didi said. ‘You go and drop her to the bus depot.’

‘Okay, nabo,’ Raj said.

Jyoti didi told him everything about me. 

Raj smiled, looking at me.

‘Okay, nabo!’ Raj said.

Now, he’ll tease me. I’m damned sure. I thought.

However, Raj didn’t utter a single word from his mouth.

Raj took me on his bike to the Paltan bazaar bus depot in Guwahati.

He went to the ticket counter and inquired about the bus to my hometown in Diphu. 

I was standing in the waiting room. 

‘Su, there is no bus available to your place,’ Raj said. 

‘Why?’ I asked in surprise.

‘There is 24 hours bandh in Diphu. So, there is no bus service today.’

There was no train at that hour to my hometown. 

I could not stop myself. I was about to weep. 

‘Su, you don’t worry,’ Raj said, consoling me. ‘I’ll think something.’

Raj thought for a moment.

‘Su, you sit on the bike,’ Raj said.

I didn’t figure out anything.

I didn’t know what would Raj going to do at that moment.
 
He drove me on his bike and within a few minutes, we were on the main road to the destiny of my hometown. 

‘Raj, where are we going?’ I said, worried. ‘Let’s go back if there is no bus, it’s useless to go.’

‘Don’t worry,’ Raj said. ‘You just be seated in my backseat.’

Raj didn’t listen me anything. 

I was afraid if something wouldn’t happen on the way. 

I knew it is about 271 kms distance from Guwahati to my hometown.
 
‘Raj please, don’t take risk for me,’ I said, concerned. ‘I don’t want to go home now.’ 

However, Raj didn’t heed me anything. He continued driving his bike.

Finally, he dropped me to my house.

It took four and half-hours to reach my hometown from Guwahati.
 

‘Raj you stay tonight,’ I said.

‘No thanks, Su,’ Raj said. ‘I have to go. Tomorrow I have an exam in the college.’

‘Raj beta, you stay tonight,’ my father said. ‘Tomorrow you can go comfortably.’

‘No papa,’ Raj said. ‘I have an exam tomorrow. I have to return today.’

Raj returned the same day after having light refreshment.

‘Why did you make Raj to take so much of risk?’ my father scolded me. 

‘You didn’t know today’s bandh; if anything happen with both of you on the way, then?’

I remained quiet. 
‘We’ve already informed your didi that your mother is okay.’

I felt guilty. 

‘It’s okay,’ my mother said calmly. ‘Don’t take risk next time.’

I nodded in reply.

I hugged my mother and nestled beside her.

My father smiled while seen mother-daughter love and walked away.


My mother was fine, healthy and sound. 

I felt sorry for Raj. 

I felt bad that I didn’t say thanks to him.                   
       
After three days, Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya came in our house.

When they came, I was looking for Raj. 

Why Raj didn’t come? I thought.

Shall I ask Jyoti didi?

No, No, I can’t. I stopped.

I felt that I was missing him. 

Why I am thinking about Raj? I asked myself. 




                                             26


Days went on. I enjoyed my college and attended my classes as usual. 

Mitali and Munmi, both were busy with their boyfriends.

Mitali had broken up with her previous boyfriends and then she got another boyfriend. Nothing was new for her.

Munmi was busy chatting with Manjeet on facebook at night and busy with the other boyfriends during the day. Gradually, she also followed the same trend as Mitali, and kept her optional door open.

There was Beauty contest organized in our college. Both Mitali and Munmi were taking part in the contest.  

They were very excited.

A week before they had prepared for that. I also gave them my helping hands. I accompanied with them to the beauty parlour and to the shopping centre for buying their outfits.

Two days left for the contest. Both Mitali and Munmi were fully prepared for the great show.

‘Suman, why don’t you take part in this beauty contest?’ Munmi said all of a sudden. 

‘You’re really beautiful. I am damned sure you will win this contest.’

‘OH MY GOD!’ Mitali exclaimed. ‘Yeah, you are right, Munmi.’ She supported.

‘She has hundred percent chances to win this contest.’ 

‘Me? No, No…. I can’t take part,’ I denied straightway.

‘Why?’ Munmi asked.

‘B’coz firstly, my two best buddies are taking part in this contest. And secondly, this is not cup of my tea.’

‘So what?’ Mitali said. ‘We help you.’

‘We make this your cup of tea,’ Munmi joined assuring me.

‘No, No…I can’t take part.’

‘Yes, Yes, Yes …’ they insisted me again and again.
 
Finally, I had to say yes.

‘Okay, fine,’ I agreed.

Then what, they prepared me like them within two days.

Even they had forgotten that they were also taking part in the contest. 

They rehearsed me a lot in front of the mirror. They trained me how to walk on the ramp. They showed me the walking style of models on the ramp. And taught me every tactic for the contest.

On the D-Day, the college auditorium was house full. There were hundreds of contestants. 

All the contestants gathered. 

I also stood with the other contestants. I wore muga sador mekhela, our Assamese traditional dress.
Both Mitali and Munmi wore western outfits. I didn’t know what they called it. 

Mitali and Munmi lost in the crowd. I looked around but I could not get their glimpses. 

I felt very uneasy in the middle of the other contestants.

At the last moment, I got the glimpses of Mitali and Munmi on the main stage. 

They came to me. Both were excited.

‘Where are you both?’ I asked them hastily.

I was very nervous, the worms of ghostbump crawling in my whole body. I felt my heavy pounding heart.

‘All the best,’ they both wished me.

‘Same to you both,’ I said with tensed voice.

‘Be confident,’ they encouraged me. ‘Don’t get nervous.’

‘I can’t….I can’t…..’ I said with negative expression.

‘Mitali, I want to quit this contest.’

‘NO,’ Mitali said, firmly. ‘Why are you getting so nervous? We are with you.’ 

‘Buck up! Buck up!’Munmi patted on my back.

She brought back my confidence.

‘Okay,’ I said.

I inhaled a deep breathe.

Then I felt little better.

The contestants started walking on the ramp before the huge crowd of the college and before the judges.

When Mitali walked on the ramp, the crowd became uncontrolable, mad and wild.

‘Bipasha! Bipasha! Bipasha!........’

The crowd cheered her while clapping.

After Mitali, Munmi walked on the ramp. The crowd became thrilled once again.

I was the last contestant to walk on the ramp.

I felt hesitated and shy at the first glance, but my homework and the tips of Mitali and Munmi paid off. 

I walked confidently on the ramp. 

‘Miss Beauty Queen! Miss Beauty Queen.’ 

The crowd applauded me aloud.

I could not believe that I would get such a good response.

Finally, everything went well.

I heaved a sight of relieved.

After one and half hour, the result declared.

The judge announced the result….
‘In today’s beauty contest, the first runner-up goes to…..Miss Mitali Deka…..’

There was huge round of applause.

Mitali ran to the stage.

‘The second runner-up goes to…Miss Munmi Gogoi….’

Munmi went to the stage.

‘Who is the winner….Who is the winner…’ the whispering sounds echoed everywhere.

‘And today’s winner is….any guesses…’the Judge said kept everything in suspense for a while. 

I was happy for Mitali and Munmi. I gestured them with thumps up sight.

They responded me with a grin.

They signalled me that I was the winner.

‘NO!’ I shook my head.

‘Any guesses audience…’

The judge kept the nerves of everyone raising high.

‘NO!’ The audence screamed.

‘And the winner is…...’ paused.

‘And the winner is….Miss SUMAN GOSWAMI….’

I was stunned. I felt that I had lost my every sense.
Please, somebody pinch me and make me realize that it is not a dream, but it is a real. I said in my mind.

There was huge round of applause for me.

The other contestants took me to the stage.

I hugged both Mitali and Munmi. I wept.

‘We are proud of you,’they said and kissed me. We threesome hugged togther.

The chief guest put on me the crown of Miss Beauty Queen on my head. And handed me the certificate and the cash amount of rupees twenty thousand. 

This was my first prize in my life. It was unexpected.

It was a great feeling. Everything happened like a dream. 

The outcome of the beauty contest was that within few days, I received huge number of proposals from my classmates and seniors, and from outsiders. Even I got a marriage proposal from a young professor of our college.

I could not attend my classes. I could not go anywhere. Wherever I went, I got proposals.

They started following me everywhere in the college, inside the classroom, in the library, in the canteen and followed me to my hostel.

I was tired of refusing one after another. It continued for a month. 

Why did I take part in this contest? I asked myself irritated.

My life became hell. It sucked me. Even I saw proposing me in my dream at night.

‘OH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!’ I screamed one night in my dream.

Even some of them forced me to accept their proposals. They tried to enquire about me. They contacted Mitali and Munmi. And they asked them to give their proposals to me. 

Manoj was one guy, who followed me madly since the day I won the beauty contest. He was the GS (General Secretary) of our college. 

He contacted me in Mitali and Munmi’s cell numbers everyday and every night. Even they also got embarrassed with his untimely phone calls.

‘Suman, why don’t you meet him once and finish off everything forever,’Mitali suggested me.

‘Why should I?’ I said. ‘I’ve no interest on him.’

I flatly refused feeling irritated.

‘Okay, fine, but we can do one thing,’ Mitali said.

‘What?’ I asked, startled.

‘We can take good opportunity from him,’ Mitali said.

‘What?’ Munmi asked.

‘We ask him to give us a nice treat,’ Mitali said. ‘He has a lot of money collected from the college students’ funds by unfair means.’

I didn’t say anything.

‘That sounds great idea!’ Munmi supported.

‘Okay, great!’ Mitali said. ‘I’ll arrange a date between Suman and Manoj.’ 

‘OH NO!’ I screamed.

‘Don’t worry, there,’ Mitali assured me. ‘I will manage everything.’

‘Okay, silence!’

Mitali dailed on Manoj’s number.

‘Yes, yes…He has picked up…’

‘Shsh…!’

‘Hi Manoj, wats up dude?’ Mitali addressed. ‘Is everything okay?’

‘No, nothing is going right,’ Manoj said in sullen tone.

Mitali already kept her cell phone in the loudspeaker. We clearly heard everything.

‘Don’t worry, dude,’ Mitali comforted him. ‘Everything will be alright.’

‘By the way, why did you call me?’ 

‘There is good news for you.’

‘What-What?’Manoj asked in great surprised.

‘Actually, Suman wants to meet you.’

‘Oh really?’ Manoj’s speech rose to high pitch in excitement. 

‘I can’t believe this…I can’t believe this….’

He half smiled and half laughed.

‘When? Where? I’m eager to meet her.’

‘Hold on, dude. Hold on dude,’ Mitali said.

‘No, I can’t wait anymore.’

Nonsense! Mad! Maniac! He wants to meet me. Go to hell! I scolded him in my mind.

‘His testosterone is raising high,’ Munmi whispered.

I laughed, closing my mouth.

‘Tell me, when and where.’

‘Okay. But there is a condition…..’ Mitali said and paused.

‘W-What condition?’ Manoj asked in restless state.

‘You’ve to give us a nice treat first.’

‘Okay, no problem. Done! You tell me.’

‘I’ll call you tonight,’ Mitali said and hung up.

‘But-But…....’ The call disconnected.

‘Okay, now what?’ Munmi asked.

I didn’t figure out anything.

I remained silent.

‘Listen,’ Mitali said. ‘We order our favourite cuisines from the best restaurant tonight. We dine our dinner in our room.’

She disclosed her plan. 

‘And he will pay our bills,’ Munmi said, thrilled.

‘Yeah,’ Mitali said.

We had a hearty laughed.

‘And Suman will call him to pay the bill,’ Mitali said.

‘Wow!’ Munmi exclaimed.

‘Oh No! I can’t call him,’ I denied.

‘Okay, okay, I’ll manage,’ Mitali said.

‘And what about to meet him?’ I asked, perplexed.

‘Don’t worry, there,’ Mitali said, laughing. ‘Tomorrow we’ll meet him to tie Raakhi on his wrist.’

‘What?’ Munmi said in amazement.

‘Yeah! Poor fellow doesn’t know, tomorrow is Raksha Bandhan,’ Mitali revealed.

‘Really, love makes him blind,’ Munmi said.

‘Say Suman’s beauty makes him blind,’ Mitali joked.

‘NO!’ I said.

We laughed aloud.


As per our plan, we ordered our favourite cuisines from the best restaurant of Guwahati, the Pride of Assam. 

Within an hour, our stuffs delivered in our place. The bill touched around one thousand rupees.

We sent the delivery boy to collect the bill from Manoj.

After relishing our grand dinner, we called in Manoj’s number.

‘Hi, Manoj…..’ Mitali addressed with fake sugary voice.

The loudspeaker of the cell phone was already on.

‘O, hi, Mitali,’ Manoj said in exuberant. ‘I was waiting for your call.’ 

‘Really? Okay, so did you get the bill?’

‘Yeah-Yeah... I have paid it.’ Manoj said.He was excited and restless.

‘Hmm….He is amazing!’ Munmi whispered.

I giggled.

‘Shsh…!’ Mitali silenced us.

‘Oh Great! Thanks for your nice treat.’

‘It’s okay. You’re most welcome!’

‘So, be prepared for your great day tomorrow. Suman will come to meet you in the Nehru Park at ten’o clock.’

‘Okay, okay…. I’ll be there before time. Thanks a lot Mitali.’

‘Be sharp at ten, okay? Don’t forget it!’

‘Yeah-Yeah!’

‘Okay bye!’

‘Can-Can I talk to Suman.’

‘Hold on, dude. You can talk with her the whole day tommorow. Tomorrow is yours day.’

Mitali disconnected the call.

We had already bought three Raakhis to tie on the wrist of Manoj.

The next day we went to the Nehru Park on time. We waited there for one and half hours, but there was no sight of Manoj.

‘I guessed, he will not come,’ Munmi said feeling bored. ‘Let’s go guys.’

‘Wait for sometime,’ Mitali said, laughing. ‘Today we’ll make him our Bhaiyya.’

She started singing an old Hindi movie song-

Bhaiyya mere raakhi ke bandhan ko nibhana Bhaiyya mere, choti behan ko na bhulana dekho ye nata nibhana, nibhana Bhaiyya mere…..

We laughed aloud.
‘Probably, he knows our plan,’ I said.

‘That will be safe escape for him,’ Munmi said, laughing.

Just then, I saw a slight glimpse of Manoj. He was on the bike.

‘LOOK,’ I screamed. 

‘WHAT?’ Mitali and Munmi said in unison.

‘Look over there, Manoj is stealing our eyes,’ I said.

‘MANOJ, MANOJ…….’ Mitali and Munmi yelled.

Manoj didn’t stop his CBZ bike. He drove on fast as somebody was chasing him.

‘COWARD! Darpuk Kahika!’ Mitali shouted.

‘He’ll remember this incident in his entire life,’ Munmi said, laughing.

‘Thank God!’ I said.

I heaved a sight of relief.

‘Let’s go to the hostel,’ Mitali said. ‘We’ve still our favourite cuisines left.’

‘Oh, thanks to poor Manoj for his nice treat,’ Munmi said.

‘And say thanks to me,’ I said in amusing.

‘Yeah-Yeah…Thanks there,’ Mitali said.

And from that day onwards, Manoj changed his way whenever I encounter with him face to face.
                                             27


As usual I was in Jyoti did’s house on Sunday. Jiju brought me a day before from my hostel. 

Jiju had owned a new WangonR car. He threw a small party in the house.

Jiju had decided a plan to visit in his ancestor’s house in Dhemaji. 

‘Suman, come with us,’ Jyoti didi said. ‘It’ll make you happy. What will you do all day alone in the house?’ 

‘Please, mahi, please mahi….’Riya kept insisting me.

‘Yes Suman, why don’t you accompany with us?’ Jiju also said.

‘No didi. No Jiju,’ I declined. ‘No sweetheart, you all carry on. I’m okay.’

I had no mood to go with them. Actually, I was not feeling well.
 
‘Okay, as you wish,’ Jyoti didi said. ‘We’ll come back before the night fall. You take care.’

‘Have a nice drive, Jiju,’ I wished.

I bid them farewell.

I stayed at home. 


The whole day I spent only watching TV soaps sas-bahu, Ekta Kapoor type serials and feeling bored. 

If I would join with Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya, I would feel better. I realized 

I could not kill my time. I felt like that I had been staying all alone for decades.

I prepared dinner before the nightfall, and waited for them. 

Time passed and it was seven at night. 

I tried on both Jyoti didi and Jiju’s number by landline phone. However, their cell phones didn’t connect. 

I tried many times. But I couldn’t contact them.

What happened? I thought.

After an hour, I received a call from Jyoti didi and Jiju.
 
‘Suman, we wouldn’t return today,’Jyoti didi informed.

‘Any problem, didi?’ I asked worried.

‘Yeah, a heavy rain is falling here,’ Jyoti didi said. 

‘A flood like situation is over here. All roads are closed. Therefore, we decided to stay tonight. You don’t worry. We’ll be back tomorrow early in the morning. And if you have any problems then call Mrs. Sharma. I have already told her to see you.’ 

‘Okay, didi,’ I said.

Mrs. Sharma was the closed neighour of Jyoti didi.

As I ended conversation with Jyoti didi, Mrs. Sharma knocked at the door. 
‘Suman, Suman, open the door baby,’ Mrs. Sharma called me.

I opened the door.

‘O, Sharma aunty, please come on in,’ I greeted her with a smile.

‘O, Suman, baby, are you okay?’ Mrs. Sharma asked.

She asked me, as I was being assulted by somebody.

Mrs. Sharma hugged me and kissed me on my forehead and cheeks. 

She behaved as if she got back her lost daughter in Kubh mela.

‘Yes, aunty,’ I said. ‘I’m fine. Thank you.’

‘Please, aunty, be seated,’ I said.

I asked her to sit in the drawing room.

‘O, how nice of you. Thank you, baby,’ Mrs. Sharma said.

I served her tea and snacks.

‘O, thank you, baby,’ Mrs. Sharma said with her sonorous voice.

‘Come sit beside me.’

She was happy with my cordial hospitality.

Why she called me baby everytime? I asked myself. 

I hated the way Mrs. Sharma entitled me baby repeatedly.

She talked with me many stuff. 
Initially, she began talking about her husband, her son, her daughter, and about her relatives. 

She made me irritating when she started asking my hands for his son.
 
‘You know baby, my son, Bitupan is very handsome. He is an engineer, working in Chennai,’ Mrs. Sharma said. 

‘He will perfectly match with you.’ She gave me proposal for her son.

WHAT? I wanted to shout at her.

I was fuming inside my mind.

‘Suman, baby, if you’ve no problem, then, can I talk to Jyoti and to your parents?’

‘No aunty,’ I coldly denied. 

‘First, I’d like to finish my graduation. Then I’d decide.’
 
I was feeling embarrassed.

‘Yeah, yeah, baby, good, good,’ Mrs. Sharma said, taking back her words. ‘You know what, Bitupan always want his wife to be a graduate and well educated.’

I passed a fake smile.

‘Don’t feel bad, baby, haa. I like you very much.’ She kissed me on my forehead.

‘I’ve always desired to get a daughter-in-law like you.’

Why like me? I thought.
‘No aunty. Not at all,’ I said controlling my temper.

God knows what will happen whoever becomes her daughter-in-law. I thought in my mind.

After that, Mrs. Sharma started gossiping about the neighbourhood uncles and aunties and their families, their linkups, their break ups and blah and blah.

She gave me all the details. I didn’t know whether she was relating me the truth or false.

But my head started spinning while listening her tall lectures.

‘Suman, baby, if you scare of anything, you come and stay with me, okay?’

I’ll prefer to die alone, but I’ll never stay with you. I wished to burst out.

‘Okay aunty, thanks.’

I passed a fake smile once again.

‘Suman, baby, you don’t worry for anything,’ Mrs. Sharma said assuring me.

‘If you want anything, you just voice me; I’ll come to you immediately.’

‘Okay, aunty,’ I said.

O God! Please let her go. I can’t digest her anymore. I pleaded in my mind.

‘Okay, baby, Good night and take care!’ She kissed me third time on my forehead.
‘Okay, aunty.’

After spending more than two hours awkward talks and gossips, she left. 

O God, thank you a zillions of times. I expressed gratitude in my mind.
 
 ‘Phew!’ I sighed.

‘What sort of a woman is she?’ I muttered.

I felt relaxed and peace.


At the night, I didn’t know how I got high fever. 

I woke up suddenly in the middle of the night. 

I didn’t know what to do. 

A heavy downpour was falling outside. 

I could not call Mrs. Sharma at that odd hour. And I didn’t want to invite her to make my life hell. 

I soaked cold water in a piece of cloth and put on my burning forehead and I tried to get some sleep. 

However, I could not sleep.
 
I felt I was dying. 

‘Ooo, Maaa…..’ I moaned.

After some time how I fell asleep, I didn’t know anything.

I woke up when somebody knocked at the door in the morning.

I could not stand up and walk. 

I managed somehow to reach to the door, and opened the door.

As I opened the door, I saw Raj standing in front of me.

I was feeling dizziness. 

I was about to fall, but Raj held me in time. 

‘Su, are you okay?’ Raj asked me in surprised.

‘Y-e-a-h…’ I replied weakly.

‘O MY GOD!’ Raj cried out. 

‘Su, you have a high fever.’ He felt my high fever. 

He carried me on his arms to the bedroom. 

Immediately, he called the doctor. The doctor came, checked me and gave me injection. 

Then I didn’t know what had happened with me.

When I opened my eyes, I found Raj lying on a sofa in deep slumber in the bedroom where I was sleeping. 

I felt very sorry for him. 

I tried to stand. But I couldn’t. 

‘Ahh…’ I whimpered in pain. 

Raj woke up and he held my hands. 
‘Su, wait! Don’t get up!’ Raj said. ‘You’ll fall down!’

He held my hands so delicately that I didn’t feel anything. 
He carried me on his arms to the bathroom. 

I was severely ill for three days.

Raj nursed me day and night. 

Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya could not return home because of heavy flood.

Raj fed me with his hands, as I was his child.

For the first time I had known the other side of Raj. 

He was caring and loving. He handled me carefully. He didn’t make me feel anything. 

On fourth day, I felt much better. 

I was sleeping, when I heard a footstep of Raj. He came and touched my forehead.

He checked me properly and wore me a shawl. He was about to leave me. 

However, I sensed his footsteps coming back to me. 
I closed my eyes acted as fast asleep.

I felt a gentle kiss on my forehead. I stayed still as I could. 

Raj’s kiss was so soft and sweet that I could not explain.

I felt like the first dewdrops of winter season, the first raindrops of rainy season, the first cold breeze blowing in summer season and the first sweet fragrance of spring season. 
I wished I could sing a song- my heart goes sala lala….

Even my ailing body blooms with a gush of new ecstasy.
 
O God! What is this feeling? I asked myself.

I would fall ill many times if I would feel the same. I said in my mind. 

I was thrilled with joy, butterflies in my stomach.

Even in my wildest dream, I could not imagine.

The moment was heavenly experience for me. 

Raj might start loving me. I thought.


The next day, Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya arrived.

However, Raj had to return to his hostel. 

If I would stop him for few more days and ask him to stay with me, it would be how nice! My heart desired.



                                             28


After a week stayed in Jyoti didi’s house, I came back to my hostel.
 
I felt Raj’s gentle kiss was still imprint on my forehead. I felt I was missing Raj. 

I wished to meet him. I wished to talk with him.
For few days, I could not concentrate in my studies. 

I felt Raj’s hallucination everywhere. I could not control my heart, mind and soul.

My heart wished to sing a song- 

pehela nasha….pehela khuma….


What is happening with you, Suman? I asked myself.

Are you falling in love with Raj?

No, No, he is not my type. I corrected.

Even Mitali and Munmi noticed me.

‘What happened, there?’ Mitali asked suspiciously. 

‘You’ve changed a lot.’

‘No, No, I’m not,’ I said, denying. ‘I’m okay.’

‘I think you too infected by the virus of love with somebody, am I right?’ Munmi said.

She predicted, as if she knew everything.

‘Who is this lucky guy, Suman?’ Mitali asked teasingly.

‘No, No, I’ve nobody,’ I said.

I was fumble a little bit.

‘Suman, your eyes and smiles tell us everything,’ Munmi said.

‘No matter, how much you try to hide from us,’Mitali added.

‘You both doubted me without any reason,’ I tried to clarify. 

‘Ahem! Ahem!....’ Munmi cleared her throat.

‘If anything happen like that I would let you know first.’

‘Ahem! Ahem!....’

‘Okay, madam,’ Mitali said, smiling mischievously, ‘if you say so.’

For a fraction of second, I thought that they would catch me red-handed.

They chuckled looking at my nervous expression.


Every Saturday and Sunday, I waited eagerly for Raj.
 
Saturday and Sunday became very lengthy for me.

It would be how nice, if he comes to my hostel and take me for a long drive and in some lovely and exotic place where we would spend together. I thought. 

I started dreaming about Raj.

I was thinking and ready to go to Jyoti didi’s house, I knew as usual Jiju would come to take me on Saturday. 

I went in the balcony to look Jiju if he would come.

‘R-A-J?’ I almost screamed in elation.

I felt nervous. My normal breathing was picking up its speed to high accelerating speed of formula1 racing car.

I didn’t know how to face Raj. 

I felt as I was going to meet him for the first time.

Raj was no more my usual fighter; he was like somebody. I was feeling shy. 

I looked my face in the mirror again and again.

Even I felt shy to look my own face in the mirror.

No, no, this is not good. Yes, yes, this is good. I was puzzled.

I changed my dresses one after another and checked myself whether I look perfect or not.
 
Raj was blowing horn of his bike two to three times already. 

I came to our hostel gate running.

Now, he would show his attitude on me as usual. I thought.

However, nothing happened like that. 


There was no conversation between us on the way.

‘Why Raj is so quiet?’ I wondered.

Raj dropped me straight to Jyoti didi’s house and he left.

I stood at the gate looking at Raj if he would turn to me and say something. 

Palat….Palat…Palat….Look at me! 

I said in my mind as Sharukh Khan says to Kajol in DDLJ.

But, real life is never compared with a filmy scene.

Raj didn’t turn back to me. He drove his bike. 

HHM…He is so mean. I said in my mind in rage.


                                             29


‘Suman, you’ve a call from Riya,’ Munmi said and she handed me her cell phone. 

Then she went into the bathroom.

I was studying on my table.

‘Riya’s call,’ I mumbled. ‘O my God!’

‘What happened?’ Mitali asked me while noticing my tensed face.

‘Hush…!’ I whispered.

I had forgotten that the next day there was Riya’s seventh birthday. 

She had already told me one week before, but because of my regular classes and class tests, everything gone out of my mind.

‘Mahi, you’ve forgotten nah?’ Riya said.

‘No, sweetheart,’ I said. ‘I know your birthday is tomorrow.’
‘Mahi, don’t forget to bring my gift.’

‘Okay, Riya, I’ll bring your gift.’

Riya loved teddy bear and Barbie doll. She had asked me before one month for her favorite gifts. And I had promised her to gift the same on her birthday.

‘Mahi,’ Riya said. ‘Papa will pick up you today in the evening. You get ready, okay?’

‘Okay sweetheart.’

‘Please, give my call to Mitali and Munmi mahi,’ Riya said.

‘Okay.’ 

I handed the cell phone to Mitali and Munmi.

Riya invited both of them on her birthday.

From the first day, when I introduced Riya with Mitali and Munmi, she was friendly with them. And they too loved her very much.

Mitali and Munmi agreed to attend on Riya’s birthday.

Both Mitali and Munmi accompanied with me in Jyoti didi’s house in four to five occasions already.

After my class, I took Mitali and Munmi to the gift shop and bought teddy bear and Barbie doll for Riya. It took at least two hours to get it. 

Mitali and Munmi also bought the gift items for Riya.

In the evening, I was waiting for Jiju. 
As I was waiting for Jiju in the balcony, I saw Raj on his bike parked at the hostel gate.

‘Raj?’ I muttered.

I got like a sudden jostles of contentment and excitement. 

I was not expecting that Raj would come to pick up me in place of Jiju.

Munmi was napping. 

Mitali was busy in talking with her new boyfriend on her cell phone as usual.

‘Munmi, Munmi,’ I awaked her up. She hardly opened her eyes.
Somehow, she opened her eyes.

‘Munmi,’ I said. ‘I’m leaving to didi’s house.’

‘Okay,’ Munmi said, groggily, ‘wish Riya on behalf of me.’ 

‘You don’t come tomorrow, do you?’

‘Hmm, actually, Manjeet is coming tomorrow.’

‘Wow! Great news,’ I exclaimed. 

‘Finally, he is coming. So, you’re going to meet him tomorrow.’

‘Hmm.’ Munmi said.

Ever since Munmi chatted with Manjeet on Facebook, she only talked about him. 

She had made me deaf while telling about Manjeet.
 
Thank God! At last, she will meet him. I thought.

‘Please, give this gift to Riya,’ Munmi said getting up. ‘Say sorry to Riya that I wouldn’t attend her birthday.’

‘Okay, no problem. But you do call and wish her.’

‘She is expecting a lot that you would attend on her birthday.’ 

‘Okay, I’ll call her.’ 

‘Best of luck for your first meeting with Manjeet,’ I wished her.

‘Thanks, there!’

I knew about Mitali, she also got something in her mind. She was clever in making false excuses.

Before I would ask her something, Mitali cut her call short, talking with her new boyfriend.

‘Suman, please, you also give this gift to Riya,’ Mitali said.

‘So, aren’t you coming?’ I asked.

‘Actually, tomorrow I’ve to meet Pankaj,’ Mitali said.

‘Oho, date?’

Mitali smiled and nodded.

I understood.

‘Okay,’ I said and smiled. 

I was correct in my speculation that she would make some excuses.
‘All the very best!’I wished her.

‘Thanks!’ Mitali said.

Then I left my hostel room.


Raj was waiting for me at the hostel gate.

I was feeling little nervous and shy. 

However, I tried to remain casual. 

Don’t show your feelings, Suman. Be normal and natural. I buck up myself.

‘Jiju, didn’t come?’ I asked.

‘He is busy,’Raj replied. 

He could not match his eye contacts with me.

‘O, I see!’

I smiled, controlling my inner feelings.

I seated on Raj’s black Pulsar bike. 

Raj drove his bike.

We had no conversation between us on the way. 

He was taking me on a long route to reach home.

However, I knew well that it hardly takes twenty to thirty minutes to reach Jyoti didi’s house by city bus and fifteen minutes on a bike.
Raj tried to speak something but he could not open his mouth.
I could feel his heart beats. He was restless. 

After a while, Raj halted his bike at the coffee shop on the way.

‘Do you want to have some coffee?’ Raj asked me.

Alas! At last, he broke his silence. I thought.

For the first time Raj asked me something without mentioning my nick name ‘Su’.

‘No, thanks,’ I said.

I behaved casually. 

‘Raj, if you want to have, then you can carry on.’

‘No.’

Raj started his bike.

How he will going to express his feelings in front of me. Let’s see. I thought, sitting on the backseat on his bike.

I was enjoying the moment.

Raj once again halted his bike on the way at the roadside paani pudi shop.

I knew why Raj halted his bike once again. I didn’t ask him anything.

‘Good paani pudi is available here,’ Raj said.

‘Really?’ I said, as I didn’t know anything.

I had already come with Mitali and Munmi many times in that paani pudi shop.

‘Do you like to have?’
	
‘No thanks.’ I denied once again.

However, my mouth watered while seen the small brown crispy paani pudis and the hot spicy juicy water.

Raj didn’t say in my reply.

Oho, poor Raj. I’m so sorry, there! I said in my mind. 

I smiled silently.

Raj started his bike and drove again. 

I could feel his frustrations.

Now in which direction he will take me on his bike? Let’s see! I thought.

Raj drove his bike continued and he halted his bike at the Big Bazaar shopping mall.

‘Get down here,’ Raj said.

‘What happened, Raj?’ I asked him, showing a surprise look.

‘Nabo asked me to buy something from here.’

‘O, I see!’ 

I got down.

‘Let’s get inside.’
‘No, I’ll be waiting for you here.’

‘Let’s get inside, Su.’ Raj said almost begging me.

At last, he called my name. I thought.

‘Okay, fine,’ I said.

Raj and I got inside the shopping mall.

We were looking the stuffs available there for a while. 

I didn’t know what Raj was looking for. We stepped on every stall of the shopping mall.

In every stall, Raj asked the seller boys and girls if he would buy something. However, he didn’t buy anything. 

He just asked the stuffs and declined.

‘May I help you, Raj, if you’re unable to get anything?’ I asked coldly.

‘No, thanks,’ Raj replied. 

I could read the sight of nervousness on his face.

Even I could guess that he was not going to purchase anything. He wanted to speak something to me. But he couldn’t dare to spell anything.

‘Okay,’ I said.

I smiled silently.

Almost an hour passed inside the shopping mall, wondering from ground floor to top floor and from top floor to ground floor.

I was feeling tired. But I didn’t show him my tiredness. At that time, Raj’s cell phone buzzed. 

‘Nobo, we’re just coming. We are on the way,’ Raj said. 

I smiled. I didn’t speak anything.

‘Let’s go Su,’ Raj said in a hurry.

‘Raj, you didn’t buy anything?’

‘I didn’t get the stuff I was looking for.’

‘O, I see.’ I said giving a fake smile.

Poor Raj! So sorry, there. I said to myself.

Raj and I reached home after two hours.


At night, I prepared for Riya’s birthday party.

Riya was happy and excited for her seventh birthday. 

Jyoti didi and Jiju both were happy. They were also preparing for the birthday party.

At the same time, I was enjoying, and looking at Raj’s gloomy expressions on his face.

Every moment he followed me. He followed me inside the room, outside the room, and inside the kitchen. 

Two to three occasions we almost toppled over each other. 

I tried to ignore him. But he followed me like a shadow.


The next day, Riya’s seventh birthday celebrated with great pomp and joy.

Jyoti didi and Jiju invited all their friends, relatives and neighbours on the occasion.

Riya also invited her classmate friends on her birthday.

Thank god, Mrs. Sharma was not available on that day. She was out of station to receive her son, Bitupan.

Raj didn’t get any opportunity to speak a single word with me.

I was remained busy. I knew he was around me every time. But I ignored him completely.

Finally, when all the invitee guests were off Raj dragged me inside his bedroom at night.

‘Raj, what are you doing?’ I said, harshly. ‘Leave my hands.’

‘Su, you listen to me first?’

‘No, I have no time.’

I tried to free my hands. 

However, Raj held my hands so tight that I could not free.

‘Please Raj, leave me my hands. Didi and Jiju will see us.’ 

‘Let them see us.’
‘I’ll shout aloud, if you’ll not free my hands.’ 

Raj closed my mouth with his hands; gagging me.

I got suffocation. I breathed heavily. 

Our eyes met for the first time. We were trasfixed and lost for a moment.

I felt like our eyes were expressing our feelings with each other. 

I was ready to listen Raj’s every feeling.

Why are you taking so much of time to express your feelings to me? I said in my mind.

‘Suman, Suman,’ Jyoti didi’s voice hit my eardrums.

Our glorious moment interrupted all of a sudden.

I freed from the claws of Raj. 

Gosh! My fingers hit Raj’s left eye harshly.

‘OUCH!’ Raj shrieked.

‘Sorry,’ I said and ran to the room where Jyoti didi was calling me.

Raj rubbed his eyes with his fingers in disgrace.

I felt sorry.

At dinner when I saw Raj’s left eye, it was red and swelling a little bit. 

‘Raj, what happened to your left eye?’ Jyoti didi asked with concern.

‘No, nabo, nothing,’ Raj said. 

‘I just hit against the door while trying to unbolt it.’

Raj gazed me a murderous look. 

‘I’m so sorry!’ I gestured him.

‘You people are so careless,’ Jiju said.

I could not stop my laughter. 

I slipped into the kitchen immediately.



                                              30


I have my class test of Indian Politics. Therefore, I was ready to go directly to attend my class from Jyoti didi’s house.

‘Didi, where is Jiju?’ I asked in a hurry.

‘Your Jiju has already left to his duty early in the morning,’ Jyoti didi answered.

‘So early?’

‘Haan, it is a job of police,’ Jyoti didi said, complaining, ‘twenty-four hours on duty. No rest.’ 

‘Now, who will drop me to my college?’ I said, little worried.

I have to go by city bus. I thought.

I felt uneasy while traveling by city bus. I scared of city bus because of eve-teasers and sadak chaap majnus.

But I had no other choice.

‘Don’t worry, mahi,’ Riya said. ‘Chachu will drop you.’ 

‘No, dear,’ I said. ‘I will go by city bus.’

‘Haan, Raj will drop you, Suman,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘Didi, I’ll go by city bus.’ 

I was getting ready.

‘I can’t wait anybody,’ Raj said, ‘if anybody wants to go. Then I can drop. I have no time.’

I knew that Raj was ready to drop me.

He kept his bike engine on.

After a moment, I got ready.

‘Didi, I’m going. Bye Riya,’ I said.

Riya came and bid me farewell.

‘Raj, drop Suman straight to her college,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘Nabo?’ Raj said. 

‘Why are you so worried about your sister? I’m not going to elope with your sister?’ He mocked.

‘Who knows?’ Jyoti didi said smiling mischievously. ‘What is cooking inside whose mind?’ 

I felt my pounding heartbeat. Jyoti didi said, as she knew about Raj and me.

‘Nabo?’ Raj said getting irritated.

Jyoti didi laughed.

‘I just am joking buddu!’

Raj had no words to reply. He drove his bike to drop me in my college.

Raj dropped me at the college gate.

But before he left me he halted.

‘Su, at what time your classes will be over?’ Raj asked me.

I knew something like this would be happen. I thought.

‘Ah….um…..I have full class today,’ I lied.

Raj didn’t speak anything.

‘Tell me why?’ I asked coldly. 

Raj looked straight into my eyes. I could not match my eye contact with him. I bowed down my head.

‘You know, Su. Why?’ Raj said.

I felt like tongue-tied.


After class as I came out from the college, I saw Raj waiting for me at the college gate. 

I kept him waiting for sometime if he would go back. But nothing like that happened.

Raj had waited for me in the college since my first-class to the last class for five hours.

I felt sorry for him.

At last, I came out from the college.

‘Okay, let’s go,’ I said.

Raj smiled.

He took me in his favorite restaurant where we dined together.

Then we went to the north bank of the River Brahmaputra by ferry and we seated on the dry sand.

We had no conversations between us. We were silent, like we had been sitting in that pose for ages.

We just seated there like strangers and watching the people enjoying there.

We saw many people enjoying evening Sun set view. Some people were coming from picnics with their families and friends. And some were strolling and sitting like us at far of distance.

‘Raj, let’s go,’ I said at last. ‘I’m getting late.’

‘Why, your entry time is at seven, nah?’ Raj said.

‘Yeah, but, I have to……’ I could not complete my sentence.
Raj stopped me.

‘Su, I love you. Do you?’ Raj proposed me at once.

I was blushed. I remained stunned and silent.

I knew Raj would propose me someday, but in that way. I never expected.

I could not believe anything. Everything happened so quick, sudden and unexpected that I could not think anything.

 Everything was happen like a flash of dream.

‘Su, you didn’t answer me?’ Raj asked me.

‘What did you say, Raj?’ I asked, as I didn’t listen him.

‘W-What?’ he was shocked with my reaction.

‘What did you say? I didn’t hear you.’

‘I-I love you Su…..’ Raj stammered.

I looked into his eyes, remained silent, and still for a moment. 

Then I smiled playfully.

‘You can’t say before. You coward! You took so many days, weeks and months, to speak these three words, huh?’

I pulled his both cheeks tightly.

‘What? You know everything, Su?’

I nodded and smiled.

‘Yeah, from the moment you first kissed me.’

‘You’re too smart.’

I stood up and ran. And Raj chased me from behind. 

I felt like I was flying in the open sky widely. I was over the moon. 

We toppled over each other on the dry sand. 

‘Ahhh…..’ I shrieked.

I hurt on my ankle a little bit.

‘O sorry,’ Raj said.

Raj took my feet on his hands. And he started massaging my ankle tenderly.

We hugged with each other. And we had a long kisses. 

For few hours, we spent together on each other arms viewing the rising and falling waves of the river Brahmaputra and setting the reddish sun.

Raj dropped me in my hostel before the nightfall. On the way, we had light snacks together.

When I reached in my hostel room, I found an empty room as usual. 

Mitali and Munmi didn’t return from their regular datings and outings.



                                              31


Raj came to meet me in the evening everyday. And we went for long drive. Sometimes we went at the bank of the river Brahmaputra. 

We spend one-hour everyday in the evening and had light tea, coffee, and snacks together. Raj dropped me in my hostel before Mitali and Munmi would arrive.

On Saturdays and Sundays, we went for movies and spent the weekends in our favourite place at the bank of the river Brahmaputra and sometimes we went for a long joy drive. 

After three months, Raj got campus selection. He got a job in MNC in New Delhi.

I was happy for Raj but at the same time, I was upset, because Raj had to join within one month. 

‘Su, don’t get so upset,’ Raj said comforting me. 

I remained quiet. I could not speak anything.

‘You study well and complete your graduation. You know it is your third year.’ Raj was soothing me.

‘How can I live without you, Raj?’ I said.

I got possessive and childish like nature. It is a nature of every girl.

‘Su, you first complete your graduation. Then I’ll talk about our relation to nabo and with your parents. You don’t worry.

‘Hmm.’ I said.
‘Good.’ Raj kissed me on my forehead.

‘If you ever forget me, then?’ I doubted.

‘How could you say like this, Su? I love you more than my life. You’re my life now.’

‘Because you know, far of sight means out of mind and if you meet with a beautiful Delhiwali girl and fall in love, then?’

It is a common nature of a girl to feel insecure. I was not far behind. And no acception.

‘Okay, fine. I’ll not join.’ Raj got angry.

‘Okay, baba. Sorry. I just am joking.’

‘I hate this type of joke.’

‘Okay, baba. I’m sorry.’

We had a bear hug and we came back to home.

For one month, everyday Raj and I went in our usual places after my class.

After one week, Raj was ready to leave to join in his job in New Delhi.

Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya came to the Railway station to drop Raj. I also joined with them.

‘Passengers are kindly attention please…..Guwahati-New Delhi Rajdhani Express is standing on platform No.1…….It is leaving within a short while from now……thank you!’ The announcement made.

‘Okay bye, nabo, dada, Riya,’ Raj said.

Raj hugged Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya.

‘Su, bye,’ Raj said with heavy heart.

I just nodded. 

I could not speak a single word. 

I was chocking from inside. I did not know how to bid farewell to Raj.

‘Take care, Raj!’ I said finally controlling my emotions.

‘You too,’ Raj said.

My eyes moisten with tears. Before it trickles down from my eyes, I wiped out, stealing from the views of Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya.

Within a second, the train signaled its final whistle.

Raj boarded inside the train. He started waving his hands. Jyoti didi, Jiju, and Riya waved their hands.

I could not raise my hands; I felt it was heavy, but at last, I waved my hands. 

Raj waved me back and he got inside. He gave me a big smile.

His view disappeared.

I wished if I would be Kajal in DDLJ and Raj as Sharukh Khan holding my hands to inboard inside the train. And we both travel together to our destiny forever.

                                              32


I missed Raj a lot. I had no cell phone to contact him. And I couldn’t give Mitali and Munmi’s number to Raj. Many times, I thought to give their numbers to Raj, but I was scared.

Four days were gone like four decades or more. 

I decided to go to Jyoti didi’s house to know about Raj. 

My life became bored, dull and meaningless. I felt empty in my life for the first time. I had no more desire to do anything. I wished to think only about Raj. 

I hurried to my class. 

I could not attend my classes for the last four days. 

‘Suman, Suman,’ Munmi called me. ‘Somebody is on the line for you.’

‘W-Who?’ I asked, fumbling.

‘You talk yourself,’ Munmi said passing mischievous smile.

Who called me? I asked myself. 

I didn’t know who was on the either side of the phone.

Munmi went into the bathroom after handing me her cell phone.

I received the phone.

‘H-Hello…’ I said. 

‘Su, it’s me.’ It was Raj’s call.
I didn’t expect that Raj would call me like this.

I immediately ran to the balcony.

‘Raj, how did you get Munmi’s number?’ I asked him surprised.

‘Forget that from where I got her number. Now tell me, how are you?’ Raj asked me.

‘I’m not fine,’ I said, choking. ‘I missed you a lot Raj.’ 

‘Me too,’ Raj said.

We talked at least ten to fifteen minutes until Munmi was in the bathroom.

‘Raj, please, don’t call me again in Munmi’s number and in Mitali’s number either.’ I said before we hang up.

‘Any problem?’

‘They will make my life hell while asking about you.’

‘Then how can I contact you, Su?’

‘On Saturday and Sunday when I visit in Jyoti didi’s house.’
 
‘Su, you forget that your didi’s house is my house.’

‘Okay baba. Sorry, in your house.’

‘Okay done.’

‘Now hang up, Raj.’

‘I have to tell you a lot of things, Su.’

‘Raj please, Mitali and Munmi will suck my brain if they know about you.’

‘Okay then.’

‘Okay bye. Take care. I have my class. I have to go now. I’m getting late.’

‘Love you.’

‘Okay. Take care!’

I cut the call short.

After talking with Raj, I felt like I got back my lost life. 

I breathed like a fresh air again.


                                              33


Every Saturday and Sunday, we talked with each other stealing from the eyes of Jyoti didi and Jiju. 

Sometimes Riya scared me.

‘Mahi, with whom are you talking on the phone everyday?’ Riya asked me all of a sudden.

‘W-With my college friends, sweetheart,’ I said stumbling.

Oh! She is observing me like a spy kid. I said in mind.

‘O, I see,’ Riya said and smiled.

Riya’s smile was saying like- I know everything about you, mahi. You’re lying, nah? Be careful! I’ll inform everybody about you.

Then Riya remained busy playing with her Barbie dolls and Teddy bears.

No way with these kids! Today’s kids are too smart. They want to know everything what their adults are doing. I thought.

Suman, be careful with this little spy! I cautioned myself.


I came back to my hostel.

When I entered the room, I found Mitali packing her clothes in a big luggage. She was looking happy and excited.

‘Mitali, where are you going?’ I asked.

‘O Suman, O Suman,’ Mitali said. ‘I am so happy and excited.’
 
She hugged me tight. She was in dancing mood.

‘Tell me Mitali,’ I asked again, ‘where are you going exactly?’

‘Guess, Suman, Guess Suman,’ Mitali said.

She was picking up her merry-go-round and sang-

Aaj mei upar….Asma neche….Aaj mei aage……Jamana hai peche……

Tell me o khuda….aab mai kya karo….chalo sidhe ke ulte chalo….

‘Ah…..um…..No, I can’t guess,’ I said. ‘You tell me.’ 
‘Suman, I’m going to Goa,’ Mitali said delighted.

‘O, that means you got permission for excursion,’ I said.

Many of my classmates of Political Science department asked me to join with them in the same excursion. Mitali and Munmi also asked me join with them.

However, I turned down them all.

‘Yes, Yes,’ Mitali said. ‘If you and Munmi would join with me; we will have great fun together.’

‘So, Munmi is not going with you,’ I asked.

‘No, she is not.’ Her voice sounded sad.

There was sudden disappearance of her happy mood.

‘What happen to Munmi?’ I asked seriously.

‘She left college forever.’

‘What? But why?’ I was puzzled.

‘Munmi’s parents came to know about her relation with Manjeet. They knew everything.’

‘H-How did they know?’

‘I don’t know.’

I felt sorry for Munmi.

‘Munmi’s parents have arranged her marriage with Akash in the coming months.’

‘Now, what will she do?’

‘She has eloped with Manjeet in Bangalore.’

‘Really?’ I was overwhelmed.

‘Yeah.’

‘I’m so happy for her.’

‘Munmi said sorry to you. She will contact with you very soon.’

‘But why?’ 

‘Because she couldn’t inform you anything.’

‘It’s okay.’

‘I am happy for Munmi; at last, she got her love.’

‘Okay, Suman, I’m getting late. I’m leaving now,’ Mitali said.

‘Okay, Mitali, take care,’ I said.

‘You too take care. Don’t think much. Study well, okay?’

We had a bear hugged.

‘I’ll miss both of you.’

‘Don’t worry, there. I’ll be back soon.’

Mitali left with her gangs of boys and girls for excursion to Goa. She was in wild and crazy mood as usual.

I stood in the balcony and waved her. She also waved me back.

I remained alone in my hostel room.

I saw our threesome photoframe hanging on the wall in our room.

This remembered me the first experience of my picnic with Mitali and Munmi.

I felt nostalgic.

We were in first year in the college. We had no classes. I was still in my bed, sleeping and dreaming something very beautiful.

‘Suman, Suman, Wake up! Wake Up!’ Mitali and Munmi suddenly awaked me.

They shook my bed harshly.

I woke up jumping. 

I felt that something terrible thing like the earthquake or Tsumani was shaking everything.

‘W-What happened, Mitali, Munmi?’ I asked them shocking.

My dream broke abruptly. 

I did not know what dream I was looking. I didn’t remember anything.

‘Let’s get ready immediately,’ Mitali said hurriedly. ‘We’ve to go.’

‘W-Where Mitali?’ I asked, fumbling.

‘We’ll tell you everything later,’ Munmi said. ‘You just get ready.’
‘Please, at least tell me something,’ I said like begging them.

‘No there,’ Mitali said. ‘You go and get ready. We’re already getting very late.’

They didn’t give me a fraction of second to think anything.

I got ready in a hurry. I put on my new jeans and pink top.

I did not know anything about their plannings.

We came out from the hostel and hired an auto. I did not know where they were taking me.

The auto parked in a restaurant first and we had our breakfast there.

‘Now, tell me where we are going,’ I asked them finally.

‘Okay, Mitali,’ Munmi said. ‘Tell her about our planning.’

‘We’re going for a picnic, there,’ Mitali revealed.

‘Picnic?’ I was shocked.

‘Yes, there,’ Munmi said. ‘Surprise picnic!’

‘You both scared me terribly,’ I said.

They had a hearty laughed holding their stomachs.

We ordered lunch packets and other stuffs for our picnic.

Then we went to the North Guwahati to celebrate our picnic by ferryboat crossing the Brahmaputra River. 

First, we visited in the old temple of Vishnu and Bhagheswari temple of Durga maa for pilgrimage. Then we came back at the bank of the River Brahmaputa. There we had our fun and feast. 

We spent entire day at the bank of the river Brahmaputra. Then in the evening, we went straight to the newly open Multiplex to watch the Hollywood movie, the Avatar. It was a thrilling movie of extraterrestrial love story. We loved the movie very much.

‘O God, nine,’ I said, looking at my wristwatch. ‘We are getting so late.’

‘Don’t worry, there,’ Mitali said.

We waited for an auto for half and hours, but there was no sight of any auto.

What Mrs. Saikia would do with us, only God knows? I thought. 

I was tense.

Why I came with them? They will bring me trouble someday. I was complaining myself.

From the next time, I’ll never go with them anywhere even they insist me a thousand times.

Finally, we got an auto to our hostel.


We tiptoed to the hostel gate like thieves.

Rajen the caretaker of our hostel was standing at the gate.

As I saw Rajen, I was shivering in scare. My legs and hands were completely locked me. I felt completely numbed.

I could not move. I could not walk. Even I could not speak.

We went to the hostel gate.

‘Don’t worry guys,’ Mitali said, consoling us. ‘I’ll manage everything.’

‘Good evening sir,’ Mitali addressed coldly.

‘Girls, where are you coming from so late?’ Rajen asked.
 
‘Actaully, sir….’ Mitali said and paused.

‘What happen, Mitali?’ Rajen asked seriously. ‘Anything happened?’

‘Sir…my uncle met with serious accident,’ Mitali said with sad tone. ‘. ….so we went to the hospital.’ 

She shed her crocodile’s tears.

‘Oh! I’m so sorry!’ Rajen said, believing Mitali. ‘Is he okay now?’ 

‘No sir. He is still in unconscious state,’ Mitali said.

‘Oho,’ Rajen said. ‘Go to your rooms.’

‘Thank you, sir!’ Mitali said coldly.

Rajen did not enquire anything further and allowed us to get in our room.

Munmi and I smiled and felt proud of Mitali.

We heaved a sight of relief.

‘Bravo! Bravo!’ Munmi exclaimed. ‘Maan gaye aapki adakari ko. Great job our acting Queen!’

‘Thank you! Thank you!’ Mitali acknowledged.

We burst out with laughter.

There was more good news waiting for us that Mrs. Saikia was out of station for her family marriage for a week.

We got another chance the next day for our outings.


I missed both Mitali and Munmi. They were my best buddies. I was luckly that I got friends like them.

One month passed swiftly. 

Half of the month, I spent in Jyoti didi’s house and from there I attend my classes.

Then I came back to my hostel. However, as I reached my hostel room I got the hot news of Mitali.

She eloped with some foreigner guy in Goa. 

After couple of months, two new junior students of first year joined in my hostel room. 

Their names were Priya and Rima. I befriended with them. 



                                              34


There were complete penetrations of mobile service everywhere. 
Every person owned mobile handset. However, I had no cell phone. So, I had to depend on the local PCOs to talk with Raj. It was really a weird feeling sometimes waiting in a queue for a single call.

Sometimes I felt ashamed when somebody asks me my contact number and I could not give.

I desperately needed a mobile phone. But I couldn’t ask for it to my parents.

As I was thinking about how I could manage to get a mobile handset, somebody knocked at the door.

‘Madam, a courier in your name,’ the courier boy said.

Courier in my name? I was puzzled.

I looked at the courier packet closely. However, there was no sender’s name.

‘Okay,’ I said.

Who sent me courier in my name? I thought.

I could not figure out.

I signed and took the packet from the courier boy.

‘Thanks,’ I said.

As I opened the packet, I found it was a Nokia N-Series mobile handset sent by Raj. 

I was overjoyed.

It was great news for me.  It was like an oasis in the Sahara desert. 

‘Thank you, thank you, thank you, Raj….’ I jumped with joy.

I kissed the mobile handset thousand of times.

The next day I applied for SIM card in my name. Then what, the moment my SIM card activated I talked with Raj for hours. 

And thanks to Reliance service that provided free STD calls free after ten at night to early morning.

We also benefited fully like the other lovebirds throughout the country.

We talked the whole night. Even I didn’t care about the dark circles in the corners of my eyes and pimples on my face. There was no more sleep in my eyes.

I didn’t know when the long hours ended while talking on the phone. Even entire day and night was not enough for us.

And its outcome was sometimes I missed my first class and sometimes Raj got late in his office. 

Even my two juniors started asking me the same question that once I used to ask Mitali and Munmi.

‘At what time did you get sleep, didi?’ They asked me.

‘O, it was too late at night,’ I replied touching my aching forehead.

I learned chatting on facebook with Raj in the local cyber cafe.
 
I chatted with Raj on every Saturday and Sunday when I went to stay in Jyoti didi’s house where I could not use my cell phone.

I slipped from the eyes of Jyoti didi and Jiju, telling them that I had to meet my friends and for group discussions. And it was blessings of Almighty, they believed me blindly.


                                              35


On Monday morning, I returned from Jyoti didi’s house to my hostel. Jiju dropped me to my hostel as usual.

I called Raj as Jiju dropped me.

I talked with Raj and walked to the hostel when my eyes caught the crowded people around the hostel compound.

‘Raj, okay bye,’ I said. 

‘Have a nice day. I’ll call you later.’ I hung up.

There were gathering of hostel warden Mrs. Saikia, Rajen, hostel chawkidar, students and police personnels.
 
What happened? I thought.

‘Why there is so many people gathered here?’ I asked my hostel mates.

‘Preety committed suicide last night,’ I got the replied.

‘WHAT? OH NO!’ I screamed.

I went straight into my room. 

I found both Priya and Rima. They were frightened and shocked about the incident.

Nobody knows about the exact cause of Preety’s death. 
However, people started gossiping so many unrealistic stuffs. 

Some says she had boyfriend and she broke up with him.
 
Some says she had depression problem. And some other says her parents had arranged marriage against her wish. 

Even some goes too far, crossing all the limits and they said that she was pregnant.

These rumours are ridiculous! Rubbish! Bull chit! I said in my mind in disgust.

 I felt sorry for her.

After one month, I left my hostel room forever and stayed in Jyoti didi’s house.

From there I went to attend my classes by city bus and encountered with eve-teasers and sarfira majnus.

 However, I had no other option.

Sometimes Jiju dropped me to my college.


                                              36


How the complete one year was elapsed, I didn’t get any idea. 

Raj got fifteen days leave to visit home.  

He told me everything before one week. 

I was happy and excited. I was waiting eagerly for his arrival.

Jiju and Riya went to receive Raj from the Railway station.

I too wished to go to the Railway station to receive Raj, but I could not go with them. 

I was afraid if Jyoti didi and Jiju would find out our affairs.

I know everything about Raj right from the moment he boarded in the train at the New Delhi Railway station. 

Raj told me everything.

He told me about his fellow travelers. On what topic they were discussing; what meal he had taken. Everything he did inside the train and outside the train.

Raj updated me everything after every hour. 

When he got down at the Guwahati Railway satation, I got sms on my cell phone. 

‘Su, I’ve arrived at the station. nw on d way….luv u..’

I jumped with joy when I received Raj’s sms. 

I would be meeting him after one year.

‘Ok, welcme hme!....luv u..’

I typed and sent.

‘Didi, didi, Raj has arrived at the station…..’I cried out in excitement. 
I halted my speech at the right moment.

‘Raj? What Suman?’ Jyoti didi asked me, confused.

‘N-No, nothing,’ I said. 

‘I was wondering what Raj would like to have first?’ I amended my words.

‘O, I guess, he’ll like to have tea first,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘Okay,’ I sighed.

I have to control my happiness and excitement. I said in my mind.

Calm down! Calm down!

I inhaled a deep breathing.


Raj arrived after half and hour with Jiju and Riya.

I welcomed him with a smile. He too responded me with the same.

After dinner at night, I waited for him in the backward of the house.

I took Riya with me. 

Jyoti didi and Jiju got sleep already.

Riya used to sleep with me at night.

Raj and I talked for one hour.

‘Mahi, I’m getting sleepy,’ Riya said, yawning. ‘Let’s go for sleep.’ 

‘Okay, Riya, a few minutes, sweetheart,’ I said.

‘Come Riya, on my lap,’ Raj called her.

Riya climbed on Raj’s lap and nestled down.

Raj patted on Riya’s back and cared her. Soon Riya got fast asleep. 

We were talking for hours.

At 1 am, we entered in our bedrooms. Raj carried Riya on his arms to my bedroom.

Raj gestured me to give him a kiss.

‘Please,’ Raj whispered.

‘No, you go. Sleep now. It’s too late,’ I said.

‘I’ll not go until you wouldn’t give me a kiss.’

‘Raj, please.’

I tried to push him. But he held my hands and made me helpless.

At last, I had to surrender.

Finally, I gave a gentle kisses on Raj’s both cheeks. I pushed him to off from my bedroom. 

‘Gooo…..’ I said.

And I closed the door behind him.
For fifteen days, we spent together. We went to our earlier places at the northern bank of the river Brahmaputra, slipping from the eyes of Jyoti didi and Jiju.

Raj left for his job in New Delhi after fifteen days.
                           

Everyday in the evening Raj called Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya. After talking with them, he talked with me as a formality.

As usual, we talked on our cell phones at night until we felt sleepy and tired and the holding cell phones wouldn’t fall down on the floor from our hands.

Sometimes we had forgotten to switch off our cell phones while talking and we got fast asleep. Everything was happening with us.



                                             37


Early in the morning, I woke up when the vibrating sounds of my cell phone shocked me. 

I received the blinking sms of Raj.

Su cme 2 mit me at d Rly station sharp at 7 am 2day

I read the sms.

Raj whr r u?

I typed the sms and sent.

Don’t ask me anything rt nw. u gt rdy & cme fst. 
m waiting 4 u

I didn’t get any idea. 

I watched the time on my cell phone. It read 5:30 a.m.

‘What Raj is doing? Is he gone nuts?’ I murmured.

I called in his number.

‘Su, come quickly,’ Raj said.

‘Where are you Raj?’ I asked him in low tone.

I could not speak aloud; Riya was sleeping beside me.

‘Su, don’t ask me any cross question,’ Raj said. ‘You come fast.’

‘Raj, what happen?’ I asked him in quivering voice.

‘Are you okay?’ 

I was afraid. 

‘Nothing happened with me. You get ready and come quickly. I’ll tell you everything when you reach here.’

‘How could I come so early?’

‘I don’t know anything. You just come quickly.’

‘Okay.’

I could not decline Raj. 

It is a common problem with everyone. We can’t say no to our beloved one.

‘I’m waiting for you,’ Raj said.

I had hundreds of cross-questions in my head.

‘Raj didn’t tell me last night. He is telling me now. What he is doing?’ I muttered.

I could not think anything.

Let me meet him.

Today I have important classes, but I have to bunk my classes for Raj. I thought.

I got ready. 

I had only half an hour time left in my hands to reach Raj. 

I got hurry.

What would I tell Jyoti didi and Jiju when they ask me where I would go in this early hour? I asked myself.

My heartbeat started pounding fast.

I went to Jyoti didi’s bedroom and knocked at the door.

‘Didi, wake up,’ I said.

‘Hmm,’ Jyoti didi replied in sleepy tone.

‘Didi, I’m going for my class,’ I said.

‘Class? So early?’ Jyoti didi responded.
‘Y-Yeah, today, I’ve an important group discussion with my friends,’ I said.

‘Do you’ve taken your tea and breakfast?’

‘No didi. I’ll take in the college canteen.’ 

‘Do you’ve money with you?’

‘Yeah. Okay didi, bye!’

‘Okay.’

‘O God, I’m getting late. This Raj will kill me one day,’ I murmured, disgusted.

I started running.

I have to pick up the city bus or auto.

I went to the main road from where I could catch the city bus to the railway station.

I waited at the bus stop. However, there was no city bus available at that wee hour of winter season of December month. 

I waited tirelessly.

I waited at the bus stop for twenty minutes. Those twenty minutes suck me like twenty hours. 

At last, the bus number 14 stopped at the bus stop. 

Oh, thank God! I heaved a sight of relief.

I boarded in the city bus when my cell phone started buzzing. 

I picked up the call. 

‘Raj, I’m ….’ I could not complete my sentence.

‘Su, you pick up an auto up to here. Quick,’ Raj said.

‘Raj, I’ve already boarded in the city bus,’ I said.

‘No, Su. You will be getting late. Please get down at the next bus stop and pick up an auto.’

‘RAJ?’ I got angry. 

I wanted to scream.

‘Please Su.’

‘Okay.’

At the next bus stop, I got down.

I stood there and signaled every passing auto. However, not a single auto was empty. 

Raj called me after every minute.

‘Su, do you get an auto?’

‘No, Raj. I still am waiting.’
 
‘Don’t worry Su, you’ll get one very soon.’ Raj said consoling me.

The time was flying away from me.

Finally, an auto halted with my signal after leaving a few meter distances from the bus stop.
‘Bhonti(Sister), where you want to go?’ The auto driver asked.

‘To the Railway station,’ I replied loudly.

‘Okay, come,’ the auto driver said.

‘Thank God!’ I muttered.

I ran to the auto.

However, there was no vacant seat available inside the auto.
 
Man, women and children had already occupied all the seats.

‘No seat?’ I said.

‘Don’t worry, sister,’ the auto driver said, smiling.

‘Dada, you please come to front seat with me. Please give her seat,’ the auto driver pleaded the male passenger.

The male passenger gazed an angry look at the auto driver. He gave his seat to me reluctantly. And he seated with the driver.

After ten minutes, I reached the railway station where Raj was waiting for me.

Raj gave the auto fare.

‘Raj, when did you come? You did not tell me anything. Did you inform Jyoti didi and Jiju?’ I asked many questions in one single breath.

‘I’ll tell you everything later. Now let’s go. We are getting late,’ Raj said, smiling.

‘Where are we going, Raj?’
‘Don’t worry, Su. I’ll tell you everything.’

He held my hands and let me in a car.

‘Let’s go,’ Raj said the car driver.

Raj and I seated in the backseat of a car.

‘Raj, please tell me. Where are we going exactly?’

‘Su, don’t worry. You will know everything when we reach.’

I had thousands of random thoughts and questions stroke in my mind one after another.

Is Raj trying to abduct me? Is there any ill intention in his mind?

No, No, he can’t do anything like this. He loves me. We know each other since our childhood days.

Why I was thinking like this? I believed him, didn’t I? I amended my thoughts. 

‘Su, are you scared of something?’ Raj asked me while noticing my stressful looks.

I could not reply anything.

I nestled on his arms. 

‘No,’ I said.

I surrendered everything to him. 

Let’s see, whatever will happen? I thought.

I closed my eyes and dozed off.

After twenty minutes the car stopped.

‘Su, get up,’ Raj said.

I looked out.

We got down at the Lokpriyo Gopinath Bordoloi International airport at Bhorjhar in Guwahati.

‘Now, tell me Raj, where are we going?’ I asked.

‘We are going to New Delhi for one day holiday trip.’ Raj finally revealed.

‘What…?’ I said shocking.

‘You don’t worry, Su,’ Raj said, assuring me. ‘Everything is arranged for you.’

What ill thoughts I have had for Raj? I had doubted him. I confessed myself.

‘Raj, can we return home today?’

‘Do you trust me?’

‘Hmm.’

‘Then stop worrying.’

Raj kissed me on my forehead.

We entered the security check gate of the terminal-1 of the airport.

‘Raj, can’t you drop this plan,’ I said once again finally.

‘Don’t worry, Su. Everything will be okay.’


I had never thought in my wildest dream that I would travel by air one day. 

I hugged Raj tightly when the aircraft taken off. The hot and stunning airhostess smiled while seeing my reaction.

I didn’t care her and embraced Raj.

After two hours journey, we landed in the Domestic airport of New Delhi at Palam.

Raj hired a taxi to his rented three-bed room flat in Dwarka city, Sector -7 in Ganesh apartment.

It took twenty minutes from the domestic airport by taxi to Raj’s apartment.

Raj unlocked the door.

‘So, here we are. Welcome to my house,’ Raj said.

I was thrilled with joy. I had no words to express.

I scanned all around.

Raj’s flat was beautiful and well decorated. 

Raj showed me all the three bedrooms, kitchen, bathrooms and balconies.

He opened the windows and doors.

I went to the balcony.

‘Wow! It’s beautiful,’ I exclaimed.

Raj smiled.

‘Everything is sky view from here.’

‘Yeah.’

‘Raj, we are in which floor?’ I asked.

‘Seventh floor.’

‘Wow, it’s really eye-catching,’ I exclaimed again while looking the faraway views of the city from the balcony.

I could clearly view the airport from there.

Raj smiled.

‘Raj, please check the time?’ 

‘Don’t worry, Su.  It’s only twelve’o clock.’

‘Oh! No.’ 

‘What happened, Su?’

‘I must call didi.’ 

‘What will you tell nabo?’ 

I didn’t get any idea what to tell Jyoti didi.

I thought for a moment.

‘Raj, at what time we can return home?’

‘We have our flight at four.’

‘FOUR? OH NO, RAJ!’

‘Don’t worry, Su. We’ll reach home before seven.’ Raj consoled me.

‘No, Raj.’

‘There is no flight available before four.’

‘What would I tell didi?’ I said worried.
 
I lay down on the sofa as lifeless body.

Raj thought for a while.

‘Su, you can tell nabo that you’ve gone to your friend’s house after class and you might be getting late to return home. Simple,’ Raj said giving me the solution.

Still I didn’t know what to tell Jyoti didi. 

‘Okay.’

I decided to go with the solution of Raj.

I dialed on Jyoti didi’s number but I had no balance left in my Reliance connection. 

‘What happened, Su? Call not connected?’

‘I’ve no balance left.’
 
‘Don’t worry.’
Raj took out his cell phone and dialed on Jyoti didi’s number.

‘Raj, wait.’ I stopped.

I realized that Jyoti didi would recognize his number.

‘What happened, Su?’ Raj asked me astonished.

‘Didi will recognize your number.’

‘It’s my another number.’

‘Then, okay.’

‘What will I tell didi if she ask me about this number?’  I was confused.

‘You tell that you’re calling from your friend’s number.’

‘Okay.’

Raj dialed on Jyoti didi’s number.

After few seconds, Jyoti didi picked up my call.

‘Hello, didi, it’s me,’ I said.

‘Haan, Suman,’ Jyoti didi responded.

‘Di-didi,’ I said fumbling. ‘I’m in my friend’s house. I might be getting late today.’

‘Okay, Suman. But you return home before evening.’

‘Okay, didi.’ 
 
I heaved a sight of relief.
‘O, thank god! I sighed.

‘Very well,’ Raj whispered in my ear.

‘Very well? I’m dying,’ I said.

Raj laughed while seen my nervousness.

‘Okay, let’s go and celebrate,’ Raj said.

‘Celebrate?’ I asked in perplex. ‘What celebrate, Raj?’ 

‘Su, you closed your eyes and come with me.’

I closed my eyes.

‘What Raj?’ 

‘You closed your eyes, and follow me.’

Raj held my hands and he led me in his bedroom.

‘Su, now open your eyes.’ 

I saw a well-decorated cake on the table. There were three words ILU written on the cake.

‘Raj, today is your birthday?’ 

‘No. You guess yourself.’ 

I thought for a while, but I could not recall anything.

‘No, I can’t.’

‘Today is your birthday, Su.’

‘WHAT?’

I was confused.

‘O MY GOD! O MY GOD!’ I yelled in disbelief. ‘Yes, yes, today is my birthday.’ 

There was no bound of my happiness and excitement.

‘Yes, today is your birthday.’

‘Raj, how did you remember my birthday?’ I asked overwhelmed.

‘There is very few special moments in our life which we shouldn’t forget, like your birthday,’ Raj answered me like a philosopher.

‘O, really?’

‘Hmm.’

I smiled.

‘So sweet!’

I kissed Raj on his both cheeks.

‘Okay, okay, now don’t ask me anything. You cut the cake. I’m getting very hungry.’

Raj lit the candlesticks.

‘Okay, now blow.’

I blew the candlesticks.

‘Happy birthday to you….Happy birthday to you…….Happy birthday to dear Su….’ Raj sang a chorus alone.

I cut the cake and put in Raj’s mouth, but he put in my mouth.

‘O Raj, thank you so much. I can’t tell you how much you make me happy today?’ 

I kissed Raj. And he kissed me back.

Raj had already prepared everything for the occasion.

We dined together.


Then we napped for a while after making love. 

For the first time I learned many secrets of love. 

I felt complete. 


‘Raj, please wake up. Raj, please wake up,’ I said.

Raj was in deep slumber.

I was worried if we would not catch our flight in time.
 
‘Hmm…..Su, for a moment,’ Raj said in sleepy tone. 

‘Raj, it’s 3:10,’ I said.

Raj stretched his hands.

‘Okay, let’s get ready.’ 

We got ready in a hurry.
We reached the airport within half an hour by an auto.

We boarded the last flight of Spicejet to Guwahati from New Delhi.

We had spent short span of time together, but the most memorable moment in my life. 

The moment felt me complete from everything.

We picked up an auto from the Guwahati airport to home.
 
Raj came with his luggage.

He got down half a distance.

‘Su, you go first. I’ll come home later,’ Raj said.

‘Okay,’ I said.

‘O, wait, let me give you the auto fare.’

Raj handed me the auto fare.

‘Let’s go dada,’ I said the auto driver.

I reached home before Raj. 

Jiju opened the door.

‘So, how did you spend your day?’ Jiju asked me smiling.

‘Not bad, Jiju,’ I replied.

Riya as usual, she came running to me.

‘Mahi, where have you gone today?’ Riya asked me complaining. ‘I’ve been waiting for you for so long.’
 
‘O, Riya, I’m so sorry, sweetheart,’ I said. 

‘You’ve forgotten again that today is your birthday, right?’ 

‘Yeah, you’re absolutely right.’

‘I knew it,’ Riya said jubilantly.

She was excited, as she had solved some mystery.

‘Mom has prepared many dishes for your birthday.’ 

‘Really?’

‘Yeah!’

‘By the way, Riya, where is my birthday gift?’

‘I’ve kept in my bag. It’s a secret.’

‘Okay.’

I kissed Riya.

Riya and I entered inside my bedroom.

‘Mahi, do you know chachu is coming today. He is on the way,’ Riya said.

‘O, I see,’ I said.

Did Raj tell that he is coming today? I asked in my mind.

‘Okay, Riya, you go now. I’ll get change my dress,’ I said.
‘Okay, but hurry.’

‘Okay sweetheart.’

Riya left my room jumping and running. She was happy and excited.

Raj came home exactly after half an hour.

I joined Jyoti didi in the kitchen. 

Jyoti didi was busy preparing different varieties of dishes. Jiju was also helping her.

‘Wow!’ I exclaimed. ‘Both the chefs are busy today.’

‘Yeah, yeah,’ Jiju said.

‘Do you need any helper?’ I asked them joking.

‘No, dear,’ Jiju said. 

‘Today is your birthday. Let me do something for you. You enjoy today.’
 
‘Okay, as you wish,’ I said.

I went to the drawing room and played with Riya.

I met Raj in the drawing room.

‘Su, is everything okay?’ Raj asked me, whispering.

‘Yeah,’ I replied silently.

Just then, Jyoti didi and Jiju called us in the dining room.

‘Khana, khana, Today’s khana is ready……Come, Come….Have a quick bite…..’

We dined together.

Finally, everything ended happily. 

At night, we didn’t talk much on the phone. Only we had good night sms. 

Raj came home for ten days leave.

For one week, we met secretly as earlier in our usual places after my class.


                                              38


The days rolled on in the same fashion.

And our love story went on full swing like love was in the air.

No doubt, sometimes we had little fights and sometimes arguments, but everything resolved within a moment. 

I got angry and irritated when Raj started asking me the same silly questions one after another. 

‘Su, do you’ve a crush with anybody?’ Raj started asking me.

‘No,’ I replied, curtly.

‘Nay! I don’t think so.’

‘I swear.’

‘Nay!’

‘I said “No” I’ve no crush with anybody.’ I almost screamed.

‘Are you sure?’

‘Yeah.’

‘Nay, you’re lying.’

‘No.’

‘Nay, you’re lying.’

‘Raj, please, stop it.’

I felt embarrassed.

‘Nobody in your school days?’

‘No.’

‘How strange!’

‘Raj, why are you sucking my brain today?’

‘Nay, you’re lying.’

‘Raj, stop it. I’ll hang up.’

‘Hey, Hey, Su. I just want to know.’

I disconnected the call.

Raj called me again.

‘Su, you’re still lying, aren’t you? You’ve a crush. I knew him.’
‘What? Who? Tell me.’ I demanded.

‘Hold on, hold on.’

I was fuming.

‘His name is…….’ Raj paused.

‘Who is he?’

‘His name is none other than SALMAN KHAN. Am I right?’

Raj laughed aloud.

‘I’ll kill you Raj.’

‘Okay, okay. I’m sorry.’

He forced me to laugh with him.

‘And who is yours?’ I asked.

‘Dhak-Dhak girl.’

‘Madhuri Dixit?’

‘Yeah, you’re absolutely correct’

‘You!’

We burst with laughter.

Then we hung up.

I knew Raj tried to test my patience. And he never stopped his playful nature.

Sometimes he behaved as so matured way and sometimes he behaved as a little naughty child.

‘Su, I’ve heard that one guy was fallen in love with you madly in your college. Is it true?’ Raj asked me.

I was stunned.

How Raj came to know about the incident of Manoj? I asked myself.

‘Raj, please, stop asking me stupid questions,’ I said, feeling irritated.

‘Okay fine,’ Raj said, angrily.

He disconnected his call in short.

Then what, I had to persuade him as a mother does to her upset son.

I called him repeatedly. But he didn’t pick up my calls.

After a few minutes, he called me himself.

‘Don’t talk to me,’ Raj said.

‘Okay, baba, I’m sorry,’ I apologized. ‘Now please, forgive me.’ 

He remained silent for a while.

‘Raj?’ I cried out.

‘Okay, forgive you,’ Raj said and laughed.

He never stops his mishievous acts. 

‘Okay, bye! Now, you sleep,’ I said.

‘Okay, good night!’

Raj kissed me on the cell phone.


It became our regular routine to have itty-bitty fights with each other and resolved within a second.

And when there was no fights and no arguments between us I felt like I was missing something. I guessed it happened in true love. We had every right to fights and arguments with each other.


My BA final exam left only a month and I could not study anything. 

I knew I had to study a lot.

However, I could not concentrate in my studies for the last few days. I didn’t know why.

‘Raj, I couldn’t concentrate in my studies,’ I said.

‘Why?’ Raj asked me concerned. ‘Anything happen?’

‘I don’t know, why.’

‘Please, Su, try to concentrate in your studies. It’s your final year.’

‘I know, but……’

Raj stopped me.

‘No, Su. No buts! No ifs! Only concentrate in your study.’

I remained silent.

‘Su, it’s a question of your future. If you don’t study, the blame goes to our love.’

Raj alarmed me.

‘You can’t spoil your study for our love.’

‘No, Raj, it’s not about our love.’
 
‘I know, Su.’

‘What?’

‘You didn’t concentrate because of me, did you?’

‘No, Raj, nothing like that.’

‘Then, why didn’t you concentrate in your studies?’

‘I don’t know.’

‘Okay, then. I stop calling you from today.’

‘No Raj.’

‘Yes Su.’

‘Okay, baba, I’ll try to concentrate in my studies from tomorrow.’

‘No Su. Right from today! Now!’

‘Okay, baba.’
‘Promise?’

‘Yeah, promise!’

Then what, Raj remained awake for me at night. He didn’t sleep until I wouldn’t complete my study.

‘Raj, please, you sleep now,’ I said, trying to persuade him. 

‘You’ve office in the morning. Why are you awaking for me?’ 

‘No Su, I’m okay. You study. I’m working on my office work,’ Raj replied.

Raj called me after every hour. 

He inquired me what I had studied and boost up my energy. 

When I got tired of study and felt drowsy, Raj told me funny anecdotes of his college days. 

Then I study again. 

It continued until my exam was not over.

Raj stood with me like a shadow.

My exam went well. And I was satisfied with my performance.

After the exam, I went to my house.



                                              39


I got a call from Jyoti didi and Jiju.
‘Suman, you come immediately,’ Jyoti didi said. 

‘What happened didi?’ I asked little puzzled.

‘Riya doesn’t study anything. Only one month left for her exam. You come and see her. She is not listening to us.’

Jyoti didi was complaining about Riya.

‘O, I see,’ I said.

‘No, mahi,’ Riya snapped from background.
 
‘Riya is only busy watching cartoon network day and night,’ Jiju also joined in complaining.

Riya came to the line.

‘Mom is lying. Papa is lying. They both are lying to you, mahi.’

‘Really?’ I said laughing.

‘I’m studying very well, but the tuition master is not good.’

‘Oho, so sorry!’

‘Mahi, you come soon.’ 

‘Okay.’ 

‘I missed you a lot.’

‘I missed you too, sweetheart.’


After couple of days, I came back to Guwahati in Jyoti didi’s house.
I told Raj that I would come back.

I became Riya’s teacher for one month.
 
I enjoyed teaching Riya. 

Riya was happy with my teaching. She learned every lesson very quickly. I didn’t need to pull my hairs to teach her.

I updated Raj everything about Riya on the phone calls at night.
After the end of Riya’s exam, I was free from the role of her teacher.

Then our usual talks resumed for long hours at night.

When I was in my house for one month, there was always network problem at night, so we could not talk much. 

And during the daytime, my entire family members surrounded with me like the hovering houseflies. There was no chance of any phone call.
 
I managed somehow to send sms. 

It was tough time for both of us. 

Whenever my cell phone starts buzzing, my family members inquired me like the spy agents.

‘Who is calling you, Suman?’

‘Who is sending you sms, Suman?’

Sometimes my mother inquired me, and sometimes my sister-in-laws.

‘My friends and hostel roommates,’ I answered.
I had to answer very cautiously.

‘What happened with todays’ boys and girls?’ my mother said annoyed. 

‘Only mobile phone…. Only mobile phone….they are only sticking with the mobile phones day and night.’ 

I remained silent.


Raj called me in the morning and we had little chitchat as usual. 

He sent me two to three sms already and I had not yet replied him. 

I was taking breakfast on the dining table along with Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya.

I kept my cell phone in silent mode on my lap. 

Su, wat r u doing? I hv cal u 2tmes alrdy.

I typed left-handed hurriedly and sent back to Raj.

Nt nw m busy, taking brkfst alng wit di & jiju, wait 4 sumtmes.

Raj replied.

Ok

‘Suman, are you okay?’ Jyoti didi asked me while noticing my awkwardness.

‘Y-Yeah, didi. Nothing,’ I replied.

‘Okay,’ Jyoti didi said.
Both Jyoti didi and Jiju kept busy taking their breakfast. 

Riya whispered something in Jiju’s ear. 

‘No, No, beta. Not now,’ Jiju said.

I was restless wondering when I would finish my breakfast.

‘Suman, we are thinking about Raj’s marriage,’ Jyoti didi said all of a sudden.

I was sipping tea. The hot tea burned my lips and mouth.

I felt like I got a sudden heart stoke.

‘G-Great idea, didi,’ I replied somehow, controlling the burning sensation.

I lost my senses for a fraction of second.  

My mobile handset slipped from my left hand and fell down on the floor.

Before I could respond anything, Riya picked up my cell phone from the floor.

‘Mahi your cell phone,’ Riya cried out.

‘O, y-yeah, my cell phone,’ I said, fumbling.

Jyoti didi and Jiju didn’t say anything. They gazed each other a surprised look.

‘Mahi, take your cell phone,’ Riya said.

She handed me two parts of my cell phone. 

I felt the two parts of my cell phone were my two broken hearts.

‘Thank you, sweetheart,’ I said.

‘So, we are talking about Raj’s marriage,’ Jyoti didi resumed the unfinished topic.

‘Y-Yeah….’ I said.

‘Riya beta, you go and play outside,’ Jiju said.
 
‘Okay papa.’ 

Riya obeyed and she went outside.

‘Actually, we’ve seen a girl for our Raj,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘O, it-it’s g-good news,’ I replied controlling my emotions.

‘So, we want your help, Suman,’ Jiju added.

‘H-Help?’ I said fumbling.

‘I didn’t get you Jiju.’

‘We want that you see the girl and give your opinion to us,’ Jiju said.

I didn’t know what to say.

‘Whoever you choose a girl for Raj, she would be best suitable for him,’ I said controlling my inner pains.

‘Okay,’ Jyoti didi said and smiled.

My eyes welled with tears. I could not control my tears gland anymore. It would be trickle down at anytime.
I stood up.

‘Excuse me,’ I said and left the dining table.

I collapsed in the bed and wept. 


At night, I didn’t pick up any of Raj’s calls.

I switched off my cell phone.
 
I wept the whole night.

In the morning when I switched on my cell phone, I got hundreds of call list of Raj and sms.

I didn’t read any of Raj’s sms and replied.


I called at my home.

‘Maa, I’m coming home today,’ I said.

‘What happened, Suman?’ My mother asked, confused. ‘Is everything okay?’ 

‘I missed you maa,’ I said.

‘Okay, as you wish,’ my mother agreed.

I told Jyoti didi.

‘Didi, I want to go home today.’

‘So sudden?’ Jyoti didi asked.

‘What happened, Suman?’ 
She was surprised with my instant decision.

‘No didi. Nothing,’ I said.

‘Mahi,’ Riya said. ‘I’m also coming with you.’ 

‘No, Riya, my sweetheart,’ I said. 

‘I’ll come back very soon.’

‘No, No, No, mahi,’ Riya said, stressing me. 

‘If I can’t go with you, you too can’t go.’

Riya started crying and shouting.

‘No, Riya….No, Riya….’ I said trying to cajole her.

Jiju interrupted us.

‘Suman, why do you want to go home?’ Jiju asked me.

I could not reply.

‘Papa, papa,’ Riya said. 

‘Mahi wants to go home today and she don’t want to take me along with her.’ She started complaining.

‘Why?’ Jiju asked me once again.

I could not reply anything.

‘Within this week we’ve to visit in the girl’s house,’ Jiju said.

‘And you’ve to accompany with us.’ 

‘No, Jiju,’ I said, denying. ‘I can’t go.’

‘Any problem?’ Jiju asked.

‘No.’

‘Then, you’re coming with us to choose a girl for Raj,’ Jiju said.

Every word of Jiju mentioning about a girl perched me like a sharp dagger in my heart.

‘It’s full and final,’ Jiju said giving his ultimatum.

I could not decline Jiju and I had to stay.

‘Did you call Raj?’ Jiju asked Jyoti didi

‘Yeah, I’ve called him already,’ Jyoti didi said. 

‘He is coming in this week.’

‘Okay,’ Jiju said.

After a week, Raj came home.



                                             40


‘No nabo. No dada, I can’t marry now,’ Raj declined, utterly.
 
Raj became tensed and serious.

‘We’ve already given our words to girl’s parents,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘Now, we can’t say no to them,’ Jiju added.

‘But……’ Raj could not complete his sentence.

Jiju interrupted him.

‘It’s a question of our prestige,’ Jiju said firmly.

Raj didn’t speak anything.


‘Su, who is this girl, nabo and dada have chosen for me? Please tell me,’ Raj asked me, insisting.

‘I don’t know,’ I said ignoring Raj.

‘What happened to you, Su?’ Raj asked me, gravely.

I didn’t reply.

I entered inside the room.

‘Su, Su, wait,’ Raj tried to stop me.

I didn’t listen him anything.

Whenever Raj approached to me, I avoided him.

For two to three days, Raj remained disturbed. He didn’t speak anything to Jyoti didi and Jiju.


‘We’ll visit the girl’s house day after tomorrow,’ Jiju said.

Raj didn’t reply anything.

‘Your nabo has already informed them.’ 
‘Dada,’ Raj said. ‘I’ve already told you….that I’m not ready to get married so early.’

‘But we want early,’ Jyoti didi retorted.

I went inside the kitchen and tried to avoid their conversations.

‘Nabo, please try to understand my problem,’ Raj said like begging.

‘I’m not prepared to get married so early.’

‘What’s your problem?’ Jiju asked firmly.

Raj remained silent.

‘Let us know your problem,’ Jiju continued.

‘First of all, you meet the girl, then you decides,’ Jyoti didi said consoling.

‘I’m not interested in seeing or meeting with any girl, nabo,’ Raj said, exhausted.

‘No, you’re coming with us tomorrow,’ Jiju said firmly. ‘It’s final.’

Raj didn’t speak against the words of Jiju.


The entire night I could not sleep. 

I remained awake and wept. 

I could not tell Jyoti didi and Jiju about our relation.


The next morning Jyoti didi, Jiju, Raj, Riya and I got ready to visit in the girl’s house.

Jiju drove the car himself.

Jyoti didi, Jiju and Riya, they were happy and excited.
 
Jyoti didi, Riya and I seated in the backseat. And Raj seated in the front seat.

Our eyes met occasionally in the mirror.

Raj tried to look in my side but I ignored him.

Raj sent me sms after sms.

Su, pl tell nabo dat we luv each other….
…………………………………………..
Su, pl tell nabo dat we luv each other….
…………………………………………..
Su, pl tell nabo dat we luv each other….
…………………………………………..

I didn’t reply him anything and I switched off my cell phone.

How many hours we had been traveling; I had no idea. Still there was no sight of girl’s house. 

At last, Jiju halted the car to have light refreshment for ten minutes in the roadside restaurant.

We had our tea and breakfast there. 

Jiju drove the car again. And our journey resumed.

However, after two hours, we reached in our house.

I felt strange. But I didn’t ask anything.

‘Papa, we’ve reached in nana-nani’s house,’ Riya said, excited.

‘Yes, beta,’ Jiju said.

‘So, papa, we are not visiting in the girl’s house?’ Riya asked, surprised.

‘No beta,’ Jiju said. 

‘We are of course visiting in the girl’s house.’

‘Yes beta,’ Jyoti didi said with a smile. ‘There is a slight changed in our planning.’

‘Okay,’ Riya said.

I didn’t listen anything. 


Time passed but Jyoti didi and Jiju remained relaxed and had napped after taking lunch. 

They didn’t discuss anything.

Raj took rest in our guestroom.

I didn’t figure out anything. I lay down in my bedroom.

Why Jyoti didi and Jiju changed their planning? What is their planning? I asked myself. 

I had many doubts in my mind.


At night after dinner, everybody gathered in our drawing room.
But I avoided them. 

I, immediately, went inside my bedroom and locked myself. I lay down in my bed. 

Riya came and knocked in my bedroom.

‘Mahi, mahi,’ Riya called me. 

‘Mom and papa have called you to come in the drawing room.’
 
‘No, Riya, my sweetheart,’ I said with choking voice.
 
‘I’m getting very tired and now I’m sleeping. Please, you tell them that I’m unable to come.’

‘No, mahi,’ Riya stressed me. 

She started knocking at the door of my bedroom harder and harder.

At last, I had to open the door.

‘You’ve to come with me. Everybody is waiting for you.’

‘No Riya, please,’ I said.

‘No mahi,’ Riya said insisting.

‘You’ve to come with me.’ She pulled me up from my bed.

Riya started forcing me repeatedly.

‘Okay, fine. Wait,’ I said.

I went to the bathroom to wash my worried look.

Then I came with Riya in the drawing room.

I entered the drawing room; I really found everybody waiting for me.

‘Suman, come, come,’ Jyoti didi said. 

She greeted me as a special guest.

‘Take a look at the photograph we’ve chosen a girl for our Raj.’ 
Jyoti didi’s face beamed.

I don’t want to look anybody’s photograph. I thought. 

However, I was helpless. I could not decline.

Jyoti didi handed me the photograph of a girl.

I took the photograph of a girl with shaky hands and numbed heart. 

I didn’t expect in my life that one day the moment would arrive when I have to chose a girl for my beloved. And I remain helpless and hapless.

‘Suman, look at the photograph and give your opinion whether we should choose the same girl for our Raj or not,’ Jiju said.

As I looked at the photograph of a girl, I stood still and stunned. 
I could not believe my eyes. 

I could not speak a single word.

Tears trickled down from my eyes.

‘So, do you like the girls’ photograph, Suman?’ Jyoti didi and Jiju asked me mutually.
They both burst with laughters and the rest of our family members joined them.

I looked the same expression of Raj as mine. 

He remained silent and in shocked.

‘So, Raj, do you like the girl?’ Jyoti didi teased.

‘Nabo!’ 

Raj said feeling shy.

I could not stay there anymore.

I ran straight into my bedroom. And I collapsed in my bed.


I could not believe Jyoti didi and Jiju would surprise us like this.

Everything happened like a Bollywood movie or any fictional love story drama. 

I didn’t figure out how Jyoti didi and Jiju knew about our love affairs. 

I felt shy to face any of my family members.

Later, Jyoti didi and Jiju revealed everything. 

They knew everything about us right from the beginning to the present moment. 

Our marriage fixed after six months.



                                             41


I topped in my B.A. final year exam in Political Science in the college. 

Soon, I took admission in the Guwahati University for Master degree on the same subject. 


Only few days left for our marriage. All arrangements made as per plan. 

I was happy and excited. 

Jyoti didi, Jiju, Riya and every member of our family was happy for our marriage.

However, Raj didn’t get leave from his job. He got an important project in his company.  He was too busy.

Soon he had to leave to company’s training in U.S. for six and half months.

‘Su, I got only two weeks leave,’ Raj told me.

‘Oh, thank god,’ I heaved a sight of relief.

‘Okay, Su, I have to go now.’

‘Raj, do you get your train reservation?’

‘I’ve contacted with the travel agent. You don’t worry. I’ll inform you later.’

Raj hurried to his office.

‘Okay, take care.’ 

‘You too.’

Then we hung up.


The days slipped away swiftly.

Only five days left for our marriage. 

Still, Raj didn’t get any train reservation because of heavy rush of passengers. Even he didn’t get any flight ticket. 

In the meantime, there were clashes amongst Hindus and Muslims communities in different parts of our state. Nobody knows the exact cause.

Friends killed friends. Neighbours killed neighours. Many people killed. Many people fled. Many houses torched down. And many of them became homeless.

Soon its reactions spread in different parts of the country like a wild fire. 

Many people killed in these clashes. Many of the natives of different states left to their respective states for safety and security. 

The conditions worsen in our place as days were progressed. 

Even our marriage day would not postpone. Our marriage would be salmonizing on the fix day according to Kundalini yog. No other date was available for our marriage at least for two to three years.

The entire family member worried for our marriage.
At last, Raj managed to get a ticket in tatkal service in the Brahamaputra mail.

‘I’m worried for you, Raj,’ I said.

‘Su, don’t worry,’ Raj said comforting me. 

‘You just wait for these four days and I’ll be with you forever.’ 
 
Raj boarded in the Brahmaputra mail from the Old Delhi Railway station to Guwahati four days before our marriage day.

After every one hour, I talked to Raj and inquired about him. And he updated me everything.

When I didn’t get the network of Raj’s cell phone, I became worried and tensed and many thousands thoughts came into my mind and started haunting me.
	
When I received the calls from Raj I felt like that, I got back my life.

The next day early in the morning, I talked to Raj. I updated him every arrangement of our marriage.

‘Excellent!’ Raj appreciated.

He was happy for every arrangement of our marriage.


                                             42


Only one night left, Raj would arrive the next day evening as schedule of the train. 

I was happy and excited. I had been eagerly waiting for Raj’s arrival.

‘Did you take your dinner, Raj?’ I asked.

‘Yeah,’ Raj replied.

‘No, you’re lying.’

‘Yeah.’

‘I knew it.’

‘I would like to have my dinner with you when I reach home,’ Raj said casually.

‘Raj, please tell me. I’m worried about you.’

‘Hmm, behaving like a good housewife. Good, Good. I like that.’

‘Raj!’

‘It’s a big problem with every lady. Worry-Worry. Too much, worry.’ 

Raj laughed.

‘Su, your worry will turn you much older than me one day. You remember that. People start calling you my elder sister when we hang out together.’

‘No jokes, Raj. I’m really worried about you.’

‘Su, you don’t worry much. I’ve already ordered my dinner in the pantry.’

‘Did you watch your time, Raj? It is almost eight at night. Why don’t you ask them to serve?’

‘I asked them to serve me at nine.’

‘Okay. Good.’

‘Now, I want to talk with you more…’ Raj said and paused.

‘What happened, Raj? I heard some noises in your background,’ I asked, alarmed.

‘No, No, nothing…………just some passengers halted the train….’ Raj replied.

And within a second, Raj’s cell phone went death. 

‘Raj, Raj, Raj …’ I cried out.

Raj’s number coming switched off.

I tried on Raj’s number repeatedly.

‘DIDI JIJU,’ I shouted. 

I was worried and tensed.

Jyoti didi and Jiju came running into my bedroom.

‘What happened, Suman?’ Jyoti didi asked in perplexed.

‘I-I didn’t get any connection of Raj’s cell phone,’ I said.

‘Wait, I’ll try on his number,’ Jiju said.

Jiju dailed on Raj’s number but his number coming switched off.
‘What happened, Jiju?’ I asked impatiently.

‘Raj’s cell phone is switched off,’ Jiju said.

My heartbeat almost stopped.

‘Try once again,’ Jyoti didi said.

‘Okay,’ Jiju said.

‘What happened?’ Jyoti didi asked.

‘I guessed there may be some network problem. That’s why Raj has switched off his cell phone. You don’t worry,’ Jiju said.

For hours, we tried on Raj’s number one after another, but Raj’s cell phone coming switched off.

‘Don’t worry Suman,’ Jyoti didi said, trying to make me comfortable.

‘Raj will be alright.’

‘Now, you sleep,’ Jiju said. ‘Don’t worry.’

 ‘Suman, you sleep now. You looked very tired,’ Jyoti didi said. 

How could I sleep if my Raj is in some trouble? I said in my mind. 

I was restless. 

I didn’t know what to do.

The whole night I tried on Raj’s number again and again.

How many times I had dialed on Raj’s number I didn’t know; I kept trying again and again till the end of last battery of my cell phone. 

Raj’s cell phone coming switched off.

O, God, please save my Raj from every trouble that coming in his way.

I wept and prayed every possible way to Almighty God to keep my Raj safe and sound.

The whole night I remained awake.
























                                     Epilogue



The next day on 14 April, the day of our marriage, I got the news of Raj.

My prayer was unheard. Almighty God closed His eyes for my Raj.

Raj’s dead body brought home after four days.

My world came to sudden halt. 

My world engulfed with darkness where there was no sight of any silver lining.

I stayed silent like lifeless for many days, many weeks and many months. 

…………………………………………………….
………………………………………………………


‘We are extremely sorry ma’am,’ Amrita and Pranjal said, sympathetically. 

‘We should not ask you like this.’Amrita and Pranjal gave me solace.

‘No, No, Amrita, Pranjal,’ I said.

‘Ma’am, we’ll not get married on this day,’ Pranjal said.

‘Yes, ma’am,’ Amrita supported Pranjal.

‘No, No, Amrita, Pranjal,’ I said, holding their hands. ‘Don’t do this, please.’

‘But, ma’am,’ both Amrita and Pranjal said.

‘No, Amrita. No, Pranjal,’ I said. 

‘You marry on the same day. This will give me a great joy and happiness. And this will be the greatest tribute to my Raj.’

‘Ma’am……’ Amrita said.

‘No,’ I said, emotionally.

They looked into my eyes, worried.

‘Ma’am, we want you to perform all the rituals of our marriage ceremony,’ Amrita and Pranjal pleaded. 
I smiled.

‘Please, ma’am.’

‘Okay,’ I said.

‘Thank you, ma’am.’

They both hugged me.




                         ------------- ----------------
    





 

